This is a great late brunch option during the weekends when the big morning rush dies down after 1 pm. Usually there is no wait or 5 minute wait at this time. One big complaint is that they don't have an organized system for seating guests. The servers don't always greet incoming patrons (which should be required Waffle House-style) and they sometimes tell you to seat yourself (which can lead to one or two people taking up tables for 4) or they'll seat you (whenever they get around to talking to you). 
I've ordered a several different dishes at this point and they have varies from ok to awesome. The chicken wings and onion rings are just ok. The wings are either lightly dredged in flour or not at and then fried whole. They aren't really seasoned so the wings are pretty bland. The "onion rings" made of formed, chopped onions that are breaded. The chicken fingers were a bit over battered and dry. The smashwich (or whatever it's called) was pretty good: your choice of breakfast meat with hash browns and eggs in a hoagie roll, but unspectacular. The club sandwich is classic diner fare that is very well executed. The egg and omelette platters are a very good deal and dang tasty. The best thing on the menu is definitely the waffle. It's gently sweet, very crispy and covered in butter. So good!
The service is generally pretty attentive (once you're seated), the restaurant and bathrooms are very clean, the food is a good, tasty valueBest breakfast in West!!!! The chicken & waffles never disappoint and neither does the service. I only wish they were open  at 2am so I can get pancakes after dancing at Dahlak.They do not skimp on their sandwiches here. Solid 5 inches in diameter with tons of bacon and cheese. Not especially clean but definitely tasty.I love the prices ! The chicken and waffles were good but not the best I've ever had. The service was nice and quick also.This is one of the best affordable and yummy brunch places in University City. If you want a very traditional American brunch, this is the place to go! It has a warm and comfortable atmosphere that reminds you of home or of the family diners you might find back in your suburban hometown. Number 10 or 9 is my go to for this place.My daughter and I ate here for the first time yesterday... She didn't want to wait the 5 to 15 minutes to be seated and was like mom can you take me to IHOP.. Uugh no.. When I tell you the food and service was THEE BEST!!! We will be back...Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.
Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.Good portions; good prices; yummy food. That's all.
Wish they had more menu items with avocado though!I recently returned to this restaurant, as promised, after hearing some good things.  I like that the booth style seats have been replaced by tables and chairs, this is much easier to navigate.
The food is as good as my last visit.  I had to ask for silverware, but that was rectified right away.Best neighborhood breakfast spot in West Philly if you ask me.
Food is consistently delicious. No matter what I get: omelet, cheese grits, pancake, waffle. I have never been disappointed.
Diverse crowd. Sometimes a little wait but things move fast.I was charged with getting lunch for 50 of my closest coworkers.  I didn't want to go the normal route of greasy pizza, so I searched for "chicken & waffles."  Cedar Park Cafe was the top hit.
They are the sweetest people, and even went as far as saving me a parking spot out front so I could load the food into my car easily.  I can't say enough good things about the service and people.
As for the food - That's another (good) story.  Ever since our office had their first taste of Cedar Park Cafe's chicken and waffles... I've been hounded by numerous coworkers asking for another order.  This happens on a weekly basis.
All the waffles were homemade and unbelievably delicious.  The chicken consisted of boneless breast meat with a panko coating and was equally delicious.  They threw in powdered sugar, syrup, and a sweet and spicy sauce for the chicken.  All of it was amazing.  
Everything went.  Quickly.  Collectively, its our office's favorite meal by far.
Please check this place out.  In a city quickly becoming known for good food - Cedar Park Cafe is killing it.Tried the chicken and waffle and found it to be excellent.  First time in CPC.  Nice place, nice ambience, diverse group of people.  What is not to like?  Will visit again.  Better come early or expect the place to be packed to the rafters.The food is amazing, but the wait is terrible. We had to wait for an hour before getting seated. After being seated, we had to wait for another hour before getting our food. Tables who had ordered after us got their food before we did, which was annoying. The portions are huge, and the food is very good. But, a two hour wait is not worth it when you are hungry and just want to eat breakfast!These worlds greatest food!! Obviously Hillary Clinton has good taste! Always a wait but so worth it. I bring all my friends here and no one has ever complained. People will remember you there and are always friendly!!! I live for it every morning :)AMAZING chicken and waffles and French toast! Went here with my kids and husband and we all left full and with awesome food! Probably the best chicken and waffles I have had...and the spicy Asian sauce with them made it even tastier! Would definitely recommend!Came here for brunch with some friends on Sunday because all of the other brunch places in Baltimore were booked or had a long waiting time. 
Walking in, it gives off a homey feels get local. It's also a bit cramped, not enough where you and your party are on top of each other, but you'd have to be mindful of moving around (or turning and making awkward eye contact). Our server was nice. She didn't check back on us that much until we got our food, at which point she'd come ever 7 min (not complaining). 
We were a little put off by the amount if flies that just seemed to be hovering in the vicinity, not sure if thats just common there or someone left the back door open... but again off putting.
Food wise, I got the chicken and waffles. It was suggested to me by a friend. It's pretty fricken great. The chicken is tender, really well seasoned, generous portion size and boneless (hate looking messy in public places). The waffle was underwhelming in that it was soggy 5 min into the meal, but really the chicken makes up for it. My other friends got the chicken and waffles, and the eggs benedict (it looked like that at least). They were all pretty satisfied (especially the friend who got the chicken and waffles). Curious to see how other breakfast/brunch places on Baltimore ave compare.Awesome!!!! Their pancakes light and fluffy. The chicken was fried perfect. One of the best foods spots we went to in PhiladelphiaChicken was tasty. Waffles were standard waffle batter from a standard waffle iron. Bacon was not the highest quality. However everything was very reasonably priced, and the dining room was clean. Service above average. Bathrooms were soso.Can't ask for a better cheap breakfast. I go here all the time when I want good and cheap food. Its filling, it taste great, and the service is quick. Definitely worth a shot. (Standard diner food - do not go in expecting any frills)I love Cedar Park Cafe! I usually come by here after church, and it's a friendly restaurant with great brunch foods.  Last time I went, I got chicken and waffles and it was delicious and filling. Over the last few years, I have been able to taste everything on the menu, and I have not come across any dishes that were disappointing. 
The waitresses are extremely kind, and it is a welcoming environment. 
The only inconvenient part of eating at Cedar Park is that there is always a long line.We had great experience at this place today. We arrived around 1:30 pm. The place was quite full. We had about 4 people (two groups) ahead of us. We just waited at the entrance for 10 minutes or so. We were seated and served quite promptly. All the dishes were really large and good. My waffle and chicken was superb.  Veggie home fries was awesome. All in all great experience!A diner in West Philly?  This place does a fine job of it too.  Great service.  Decent coffee.  Excellent eggs, sausage, pancakes.  I highly recommend the chicken with waffles.Food was very good. We had the omlets and they were good. Plenty of food. You won't go away hungry. A few small issues make it a 4 out of 5. Slow to get the check. Slow on the refills of coffee and water.I have eaten here multiple times and really enjoyed it but my last visit was my worst experience. We got seated at around 11 when it wasn't super busy and after our waitress took our order it took 50 min to get our food. We actually hadn't seen our waitress at all and had to ask a different waitress where our food was. People that were seated after us got their food before us. When my pancakes arrived they were extremely cold and when I told the waitress she took them to the kitchen then came back to say : "what do you want us to do with them like microwave them or remake them im not sure what they can do" I was honestly so confused because if you as an employee don't know what the kitchen can do then why and how are you working here?? Once my eggs Benedict came they were alright, the bread was extremely hard and it took me awhile to cut through it. My boyfriend had the chicken and waffles which were good. At the end when we asked for our check we waited another 20 minutes for her to come tell us to stand in line and tell her what table we are in order to get the check. Truly an awful experience. I honestly think it was all because of our awful waitress who if I ever come back I will request to not have her.A great assortment of breakfast options at good prices with good service. Their side orders of bacon are generous and it's my favorite place to unwind the morning after a long night. 
I will certainly return. I don't mind the wait one bit.Not very interesting or good. Everything we had ranged from disappointing to just okay.Food was great. Staff friendly. Parking is a lil difficult due to the high traffic area but overall great experience and i will be back!I went here for breakfast and I was pleasantly surprise. The food was good I had the chicken and waffles. At first t thought the chicken were pieces like wings, legs or thighs but it actually was tenders. They were well seasoned and had a great crunch. I replaced the waffles with French toast, and a side of cheese grits.Food is great and inexpensive!! The service is slow and minimal, so when you need something ask all at once because you will wait forever!!The service was lousy and the food made me violently  ill for the remainder of the day.  My experience was nothing like everyone else's, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.Omgosh! Very friendly, very clean! Food is . I will be a regular! My wife loved the grilled Tilapia! I am very.....VERY picky when it comes to diners. The bright atmosphere, and friendly staff makes the food taste even better. Treat Yourself!Review base on customer service only. 
We arrived about 30 mins before closing. There was a few workers towards kitchen area that look at us when we arrived. Stood there for about 10 mins with no greeting. Finally a young lady said we close at 3, you can come have a seat but have to be out by 3. We looked at the time.. 20 mins til close. Why not just tell us from the beginning that they closing soon and we would of left. I understand that it was a nice Friday afternoon and you want to go home ontime but why the attitude? We didn't know. Would of love to try their chicken and waffles but we will never know now.Came in today because I found it on yelp and boy were the reviews accurate! This place is a hidden gem! I will start by saying that I don't like home fries or hash browns at all and these home fries were BOMB like amazing!!!! I had already agreed to give them to my sister and I was sad I couldn't eat more but now I know for next time. The eggs and French toast and bacon were also very good. Their homemade lemonade is delicious and perfect for a warm day. Our server was Kim and she made great recommendations and was very kind and polite. We will absolutely ask for her next time we are in the area. Definitely try this place you will not be disappointed. The wait wasn't too long either about 15 minutes and well worth it.Never disappointed!! I love the service! My favorite dish from them is the chicken & waffles!Inexpensive food. Pretty good. Line is usually out the door. I really don't have anything negative to say about the place except it should be a tad bigger to accommodate its audience but other than that it's cool.Pleasantly surprised with this place. I went based on the good reviews and it was worth it. I had the veggie home fries and turkey bacon. Those home fries are the truth! The place was clean,the staff was friendly and this will now be my new breakfast spot.Closest thing to good, solid diner food in philly. Usually a long wait on the weekends though for brunch. Big portions as well.I wish I could give this establishment 0 stars but I gave 1 because the food is pretty good but the service sucks..we waited for an hour to be seated as we stared at 4 empty tables that needed to be cleaned ..as I approached the one I assume is the owner who doubles as a cashier to ask can someone clear the tables she scoffed "we only have 3 waitresses" (befuddled look) I said no I mean the busboy .. she then again scoffs "we don't have a busboy" so as I shake my head and retreat back to my position in line a couple that was waiting for their takeout order approached me and said "if I were you I would leave because as soon as you walked away the Owner and the waitress with the shaved head said "if he don't want to wait he can go somewhere else and eat" so the couple cancelled their order and walked out..apparently they want to save money by not having a busboy and rather compromise providing quality service by having you wait for the waitress to take orders..retrieve food..and buss tables..needless to say I will not be returning!....P.S I was going to refrain from grossing people out by sharing that I immediately had diarrhea after eating (figured it could've came from anything) until I read a review of another dissatisfied customer who had the same issue.. so you better not complain or you may have something done to your food tooChicken and waffles!
I've been to Cedar Park Cafe twice for breakfast and have had a great experience both times. Their prices are right and the food is amazing. There is free parking around the park and service is good and quick. 100% recommendedThis place has become one of my favorite breakfast spots. The food comes out quickly-as fast a you could expect from a breakfast joint.Dont come too hungry there is a crazyy wait. Literally just beat the breakfast crowd. The waitress and staff was kind but the wait for food was upwards to 30+ minutes. Nonetheless the food was really good considering how inexpensive it was. I had the chicken and waffles, a ton of food. The chicken breast im not sure how was incredibly moist. Would definitely go back but as early as possible.It is a solid, cheap breakfast joint that has the best assortment of diners I have ever seen. I love the #8 with beef bacon, homefries, and eggs over medium and my boyfriend loves the chicken and waffles. Sometimes we go other places for a fancier brunch experience but most of the time we regret it and wish we had been there.First off- they have turkey scrapple...I didn't know that even existed and it was awesome. 
The place is really clean and the staff are very nice. I had a chicken sandwich and it was really juicy and flavorful. I had hashbrowns instead of fries and that was a great decision. They were crispy with onions and peppers, the way they should be at a good diner. My boyfriend had the Western omelet and based on the clean plate, I'm thinking he liked it. 
I wish this was a little closer to walk to from work, but I'll take a ride over here whenever I have my car.Great simple breakfast place - really good value and friendly service!  I'm really happy to find a place like this in the neighborhood - no overpriced hipster food here!A friend and I tried the Diner based on Yelp reviews.  I can say, coffee-holic that he is, his cup of coffee was never empty!  I was impressed with my Tilapia platter (with scrambled eggs and their veggie homefries - didn't know what veggie homefries were but now I'm a fan!).  The servers were all great and very attentive.  The customers that came and went ranged from college students, to families, to buddies getting together to Philly's finest.  A great dining experience and very reasonably priced.I love this place! It has perfect diner food. I had bacon, egg and cheese on an everything bagel and it was exactly what I wanted. The prices are super affordable and the service is fast, exactly what you would want from a diner. I'll definitely be back here again for breakfast.I can't get enough of this place. Veggie home fries are a great option for those of us who do not eat meat. Don't skip the grits or Belgian waffle which are hid in the side items menu. 
Plan on a longer wait time for peak brunch hours on Sunday. Worth the wait of course. Take out is also a great option.this was amazing, i recommend the veggie potatoes!! the wait was a little tedious but definitely worth it!Food was fast, hot pretty good. Need to stop having people standing outside the door pan handling and hassling customers on their way in. Other than that pretty good experience.For such a popular eatery they really don't value their customers. While long lines may be great publicity for the newest club, not so much with a diner. Especially,  as you watch tables emptying and not being cleaned off, as you are outside freezing. Why are there only two waitresses on President's Day? Why are they bussing tables and taking orders? I'd be willing to give them a pass but this also happened last Sunday.  Yes, there were more wait staff, but no bus person cleaning- clearing tables and getting folks seated. Perhaps competition is the answer or how about just getting a bus person and showing your customers the respect they deserve! !!
You only get three stars because I've been sitting here for ten minutes and I don't have any coffee.Loved it!! Last minute search on yelp that immediately became my Togo breakfast spot. Me, my bf and another couple ordered different dishes. I got the homefries, eggs, bacon n french toast. It was soooo good! Bacon wasn't dripping in oil n french toast was far from soggy. My bf ordered something that included sausage and pancakes n it was absolutely delicious. The other couple ordered chicken and waffles and a breakfast platter with grits. I don't even eat grits but the way she demolished them it was something I'm willing to try but only from cedar park. 
The waitress was so lovely. I don't know if this place was truly byob....but they were very :) accommodating.
My one reason for not handing them 5 stars...the wait.  Instead of seating by party size..they seat first come first serve so.. 2 people at 4 person table while a party of 4 waits...yea not so cool.