My go to menu is coconut soup and pad thai with protein. I tried same menu here. 
Actually really like their coconut soup. They used enough amount of coconut milk that soup was really creamy and wasn't over powering with herb. I am so used to Americanized thai cuisine that I prefer less herb on my dish except cilantro.
Pat thai was great too. Liked the amount of peanut they used, noodle was chewy and perfect and not too sweet. They gave me generous amount of chicken and white meat wasn't dry so I was very happy with my meal.Good service, excellent food and presentation.  Great price for portion sizes.  I'll definitely come back if I'm ever in Philadelphia again.This is probably my newest favorite Thai place to eat in the downtown area. I'd swing by for lunch sometimes for their lunch specials. It's such a great deal. For around 8-9 dollars, you get a salad (I recommend the Erawan salad, which is essentially a salad with their peanut dressing), an appetizer/soup (the chicken coconut soup is my favorite), and an entree. The owner and chef are from the southern part of Thailand and they're more known for their curries in the south, so sticking with their curry entrees would be a safe bet. I've had only the chicken massaman curry and it is great! I'll have to try out their other curries on my next visits. But yeah, all of that for 8 bucks + tax/tip... how can you beat that?!this is my favorite thai in the city. if there is better i don't know about it. i love this place because i have asked on several occasions if there is fish sauce or whatever in the curry and i always get a very clear answer as though my question was understood. the answer is always "oh no we don't use fish sauce, we use vinegar [or maybe salt, i forget now], and it's totally vegan if you get it with tofu." that's what i like to hear. no bewildered stare. no awkward pause and "let me go ask the chef" as though the question has never been posed before.
plus it's fucking good. the red curry with tofu and the basil with mock duck are my favorites.This is my favorite thai restaurant. I've been here countless times to take advantage of their more-than-reasonable lunch specials. Service is attentive and the food is delicious. 
Their level of spiciness errs on the side of caution, which is a smart business practice. Everything is mild by default, except the green curry, which is moderate by default. If you want it hotter, just request that when ordering.I needed to use my groupon deal before it expired so we came here on a Friday night.  I guess a lot of people bought the deal bc there were tons of signs by the entrance advising to tell your hostess if you're using the deal & that you would have to pay in cash (are they allowed to do that?)
Regardless, they were super friendly and welcoming.  The set up itself is strange & def needs an upgrade.  The decor seems like it should be on one of those restaurant makeover shows.  There's tons of space but the layout is awkward & I felt like I was walking into someone's poorly decorated living room.
We started off with the chicken satay & crunchy shrimp rolls -- not so great.  The shrimp roll was 1 shrimp on a skewer with egg roll wrapping around it & deep fried.  The hot oil oozed out after my first bite.  I had the drunken noodles were just a hot mess & the bf ordered the Royal Rama chicken - which was just chicken & tons of sauce.
extremely nice service & good thai iced tea but mediocre food =(I was having a lazy Sunday afternoon, so I decided to order delivery from this place after reading through all the raving reviews. I was going to order from where I always do, but they were closed so I decided to try out Erawan. I should have just chosen somewhere else, because I was pretty disappointed.
I ordered a pad thai (2 spice) and a tom yum soup with chicken (3 spice). I placed my order at 4pm, but it came at 6pm. Seriously, 2 hours for a quick stir fry and a soup? Not to mention that my delivery address was 3 minutes away by car.
I was extremely hungry by then so I was expecting a meal that was worth the ridiculous wait. The tom yum soup was pleasantly spicy, and had the right amount of sourness to it. The chicken, however, was stone-hard when I rescued it from the bottom of the soup container. It was WAY overdone, and had no flavor whatsoever. Next time the cook should season the meat before he/she dumps it into the soup.
I was much more disappointed by the pad thai. The noodles were just overcooked and soggy. It felt like I was eating senior food because it was so soft. The sauce was also terribly bland, and I had to grab some soy sauce and chili sauce from my cupboard to give it some flavor. Also, there was absolutely no spice whatsoever, despite my specifying for a 2-level spice. I don't know why people have been raving about their pad thai. And I know what real pad thai is like - I lived in Thailand for two years.I absolutely love thai food and have been here with friends before. Their food has been decent as far as I can remember. However, recently, my boyfriend and I went in with a groupon and they were absolutely horrendous. We ordered the duck avocado special and ordered a side of rice because it didn't come with rice. When we received our dish, the avocado was not ripe and tasted like cardboard. They took the dish back and said all their avocados were like that. So we ordered another dish that came with rice. Not only did they NOT apologize, but they refused to comp us for the side of rice we only ordered because of the duck avocado dish that we couldn't even eat. 
We'll never eat at this location again. The point of a groupon is to bring in service so we can go back again...they absolutely failed at that.This place has the best drunken noodles and tom yum. I always ask for everything every spicy and they make it spicy and also give me their homemade hot sauce to add to it. 
Their lunch specials have to be the best in the city you get salad, appetizer and main for 8-10 dollars. It is a really good deal especially because it is really tasty.I confess. I'm very tough on Thai restaurants in Philly. I'm very glad to see Erawan here in Chinatown. We need the diversity here. The decor and design of the space is definitely a departure from the usual fare in Chinatown. Very clean and spacious. Very orange.
Now for the food. I always judge a Thai restaurant by the quality and cost of their Pad Thai, a standard Thai dish. There are some places in the city where this dish may cost $14-15. That's absurd to me. It better be exceptional at that price. And the verdict is that they're not worth the price. 
As for Erawan's Pad Thai, it's just alright and the price of the dish was a little high. I had the vegetarian option. It lacked flavor and texture for me but it's not bad. However, I'm willing to give Erawan another try. 
The other dishes are pretty good. 
FYI. There's no beer. 
But overall, I'm glad they're here but I'll continue my allusive quest for the best Thai restaurant in Philly.I just had the best Panang curry that I've ever put in my mouth. The Tom Yum soup was excellent. I tasted my friend's green curry with chicken, which was also amazing.Great food, decent price, friendly staff. I will definitely be back here. Get the avocado coconut shrimp salad! And Thai fried rice is awesome!This restaurant has the best Thai food in Philly, and the prices are affordable. The owners are very invested in their restaurant and make sure you are happy with the food. Great service and atmosphere! This restaurant is very clean and 100x better than the Erawan on 23rd street.Amazing place!!! Went a couple of times for lunch, it's fast (except once during lunch hour where you I couldn't find a seat!!) Food was great and fairly inexpensive :0 Great vegetarian choices!! Will def become a regular at this place!God awful food.  We went there Sunday night on the holiday weekend and 1) it seems like the whole place was being run by high school girls, 2) the chicken satay was rubbery, coming with a peanut sauce that was the consistency of water, 3) the spring rolls came with less than a shot glass of sauce, and 4) when our main dishes came out, they were so tough that I stopped and asked our tween waitress (who sounded Chinese, not Thai) if they left cooked chicken out and reheated it vs. Cooking it fresh.  She denied it, but the chicken in all three dishes was the same terrible consistency.  I then asked for a check and she tried to charge us for the whole meal -15% discount.   I told her that we weren't paying for a meal we didn't eat and paid for the apps that we shouldn't have eaten as they were dreck. They were cheap and had no class.  Stay away from this dump!LOVE this place! Great food, very reasonable prices, very friendly staff, great service.
Note that I tried the delivery service and they were great.
One of my favorite places!!Sometimes you are just having one of those weeks and realize one thing will make it all better: Drunken Noodles. 
Stopped in here with my boyfriend last night and ordered the green curry with chicken and drunken noodles with chicken for take-out. Green curry was definitely the best I ever tried and drunken noodles hit the spot--thank god, because disappointing drunken noodies are one of the biggest let downs in life. 
I'd give it 4 stars for the food and and an extra one for how sweet the woman who helped us was. Offered us water, a seat, and was beyond pleasant!First I must tell you, I was excited about visiting this restaurant. I had bought a voucher from Groupon for $50 worth of food for 4 or more people. 
However I was told since it was only 3 of us that we could not use the voucher. 
This did not make any sense because they could have prorated the coupon for 3 people at $12.50 each.
 However I believe the restaurant's motivation for allowing us to leave without the using voucher, is that they want each party to spend more money. Therefore if we used the voucher we would not go over the $50 limit.
They will also only allow certain menu items to be consumed with the voucher. Maybe Groupon shouldn't allow Erawan to advertise.
They displayed poor customer service and has not won me over!
They would not engage me in the conversation and could care less that they lost customers.
I left there and went to Banana Leaf at 1009 Arch Street. The food at Banana Leaf was excellent and the service was superb. I will continue to frequent Penang at 117 N 10th Street and Banana Leaf than spend my money at a restaurant that has no respect for their customers and has poor customer service.MMmmmm, pad thai.
My boyfriend and I stopped in here and ordered take-out on our way home one night last week.  I got tofu pad thai and loooooved it.  Boyfriend loved his too, but I don't remember what he got - I was too busy shoving pad thai down my face to notice.
We were in and out in under 10 minutes, which was excellent.  The serving sizes were generous (I got 2 meals out of mine) and the server who took our order was very friendly.
Can't complain!  We'll be back :-)I've been here several times and always thought it was alright. Last time I ordered the Pad Thai with crabmeat. The middle was dry as the Sahara and it took me a cup of water to finish it.I've never been to the Center City location, but had heard good things, so I bought a groupon for the new Chinatown location.  I'll definitely be back!
The Chinatown location is really big, so I imagine there would rarely be a long wait.  Everyone working there is extremely nice and enthusiastic.  The prices are definitely higher than your usual Thai place, but the portions are also about 50% bigger than usual.  I think splitting an appetizer and one entrée between two people would be plenty of food, and would help with the higher prices.  
We started with the fresh spring rolls, which were generously portioned.  They were also expertly wrapped - usually after one bite things start to fall apart, but these spring rolls really held up!  For entrees, we had mango fried rice and pad woon sen (stir fried bean noodles with veggies).  Both were solid, and I especially enjoyed the mango fried rice.  Great flavor and the perfect amount of moisture.  
The cleanliness and great service definitely make Erawan stand out in Chinatown!Love this place - great environment, very sweet & friendly staff, amazing food, and very affordable. My husband and I moved to the area about a year ago and have been frequenting this place since we got here. It's our number one go-to anytime we want a night out or don't have time to make dinner ourselves. We use their punch card and get yummy perks every once in a while, too.Outstanding Panang Curry Chicken with an attractive variety of vegetables including broccoli. Incredibly delicious Mango and Sticky Rice. Beautiful interiors and great service. Menu is rich with opportunities for future visits.Their drunken noodles are incredible. The menu is humble yet filed with exceptional Thai classics. The servers have always been very nice and welcoming. Erawan appeals to dinning alone, couples, and large groups. I've never left unhappy! I strongly recommend this establishment. Plus, you can't beat a nice BYO place...amIright? Solid spot, keep up the great work Erawan!!!!!!This place has the best Pad Thai in Chinatown! The pad thai here is very soft and full of flavor. This is the only Thai restaurant in Chinatown. The papaya salad here is quite unique. It's sweet and spicy. The dishes here cost a bit more than other places in Chinatown. Most dishes are at least 10 dollars. The service here is great! The waiters are very friendly and helpful. The decor of the restaurant is very serene and calm. This place also has nice appetizers and soups. Very good place to eat!I am surprised I have not reviewed Erawan yet! I have dined in twice and done take out once. Dining in was always a pleasant experience with very attentive waiters who did not rush us. The food has been consistently very good. Last night I ordered green curry which was absolutely delicious. There were plenty of veggies and chicken. The eggplant literally tasted like butter. I love spice and I felt like there was the perfect balance of spicy, sweet and sour. I also had the chicken satay with peanut sauce (my guilty pleasure). It did not disappoint. For the money, Erawan is really excellent thai food!!since I just finished bemoaning the downhill slide of another Thai place, I feel it's only fair to give Erawan the credit it deserves. To me, this is the best Thai food in Center City and I've made a point to sample all six or seven options. the lunch special is beautifully presented, filling, a great value and best of all, it's really tasty. it can get a little crowded during the lunch rush some days - I've found Fridays are a little lighter or just going closer to 1 p.m.I have been to this place for three times, I am a big fan of the Thai Iced Tea, this is not like any other Thai tea that made from powder in Bubble milk tea places, I believe they brew it themselves.
As for food, I love their Pad Thai and Tom Yum Rice Noodle Soup (the more spicy, the more tasty, so I order then awakening level for spicy). I have also tried other dishes, included the Exotic Pork and Thai BBQ Chicken. On the menu, it says TENDER, but it came out dry... Although the sauces taste delicious, but still it is kinda disappointing.
As for dessert, Mango Sticky Rice is a must to try!!! Fresh mango with warm sesame topped sticky rice, and also coconut milk on top. Yum yum~~Tasty traditional Thai dishes in the middle of Chinatown. I've had the veggie pad thai and the veggie red curry. Both were very good! Prices are decent as well. I can't wait to try more things next time.My bf and I had a groupon for $25 worth of thai food at Erawan, and I was really excited to try it. 
It's in chinatown right around the corner from greyhound, and if you blink you may miss it.  They share a building with an insurance company, so my bf almost walked right past.
The food was delicious. I had mung bean noodles with shrimp in a stone pot. My bf had mango duck.  GET BOTH AND SHARE!!!! PS it's BYOB and they will provide ice buckets and uncorking gratis :)
Now for the reasoning behind my 3 stars.....
The couple next to us was getting ready to pay their bill, and all of a sudden the waitress told them that they could not use it because they ordered from the "chef's specials".  When we walked into the restaurant, there was a sign up saying "Groupon: please let your server know before ordering". If ppl are expected to show they're groupon to you beforehand...you need to tell them what is not included BEFORE they order! They brought this to the head waitresses attention, and she let it go.....but not before she had a mini-argument with them.  Apparently it was in the fine print.....but the "chef's specials" were not labeled. How the heck would they know what the insert was supposed to be with no labels???
I told her my mobile app for groupon does not show the fine print, so they should let ppl know and she proceeded to argue with me. 
I hate when ppl have smart mouths in any capacity that involves me paying....I'm paying for this food.....respect please?
Bottom Line: Food delicious, one "rude-ish" waitress. Yummy food....but a bit pricier than I expected (sans groupon). PS the coconut soup with seafood. OMG. I might go again for that alone and just get take out lolReally liked their food - very tasty, and the servers were able to change our orders a bit due to some dietary restrictions that we have. Great place, and we'll definitely be back! :-)Pretty decent food. I got the lunch special with the pork dumplings and the red curry and both dishes were okay. I am going to try it for dinner to see if it is better. Service was great.I had to update my review for Erawan because I just wrote a review for Tamarind and I don't want to contradict myself. Erawan (THIS Erawan, not the other one) is a real treat. I always get the red curry with seitan and/or tofu. And when I come here, I am always blown away. I leave here wanting more. It's so good I have considered ordering two of the same dish. To me, they have the best recipe and method.
Even though I love Erawan slightly more, I go to Tamarind more often. This is honestly mostly due to proximity from my apartment. When I am jonesing for red curry, which is several times a week, it's just easier to get to Tamarind. And if Erawan is a 10, Tamarind is not much lower.
Here are the key differences between my two favorite red curry joints as I see it:
- Tamarind is slightly spicier by default (not a problem, as I can tell Erawan a little hotter than normal, although I really like Erawan's default.)
- Erawan is slightly more flavorful than Tamarind. They really nail it.
- The rice at Erawan is better. It's sticky Jasmine rice cooked perfectly. Not sure what Tamarind uses.
- Tamarind's portion is slightly bigger. I've left Erawan wanting more, which I think adds to my sense of preference. I'd rather leave lusting after my next experience than totally full, so it's not a big deal.
- I don't need to make any vegetable substitutions at Tamarind (At Erawan I have to say hold the eggplant and add broccoli. This is the default at Tamarind.)
- Tamarind has more vegan appetizer selections, and overall those selections are better, but I don't feel the need for an appetizer at Tamarind. At Erawan I really feel like I need something else. But like a good lover, you want more.
- Tamarind is 4 blocks closer to my apartment.
So overall, I end up at Tamarind a bit more frequently. But if I could have the recipe for what either one of these restaurants serve me, I'd choose Erawan's.This is one of those oft sought out moderately priced, but supremely delicious joints. The atmosphere is nothing special, but the service was attentive and polite. There was a misunderstanding about the serving of our orders. My friends had ordered appetizers as their main course, but the servers brought out their food as a first course and waited to serve everyone else until we asked about the rest of the food. It was an understandable mistake and the servers had been keeping their eyes on the table, waiting for us to finish the "appetizers." I'd definitely recommend the place and would return.Why is it that when there are more than one location for a restaurant that they can't both be good? Maybe once upon a time, Erawan was good but as of late, it is dark, dead and cold. The service isn't terrible but the food could use a pick me up. Depend on what you order, some items are better than others. My first time here, I ordered Pai Thai. I don't know why I keep ordering Pad Thai at Thai places and hope they would be amazing. Of course, the Pad Thai ended up a disappointment as the noodles tastes like straight up peanut butter sauce and not the light lime, fish sauce that Thai cuisine is known for. (For the best Pad Thai go to Circles Contemporary Asian 1516 Tasker St or Jane G). Anyhow, on my latest visit this year, the seafood salad I ordered was terrible. It wasn't cold or warm but somewhere in between making you feel bleh. Also didn't taste fresh and the sauce was lacking. Overall, the location has potential. However, with new places popping up daily, you have to really consider if it is worth it.I went here on a saturday night at around 7:30, the place wasn't that crowded. We waited about 40 minutes and the food still wasn't here. We complained to the waiter and finally recieved our food 15 long minutes later. The food was subpar at best. With the service slow, I WOULD NOT recommend this place.I got delivery from this place when I was in Philly a few weeks ago. I wasn't expecting much, but what I got was shockingly good. I still think about the soup with the coconut milk. So creamy and mild. I don't know if I can find that soup back home. :(I am always seeking out places that work for a large group to BYO on a weekend. Banana Leaf is my go-to, but sometimes you need to spice it up. I am happy that Erawan's new location can be added to that list. The space is very cute and the staff is attentive and put up with us staying after closing. And they deserve credit for totally tricking us and saying it was too late to order dessert and then bringing out coconut ice cream with a candle for the bday boy.
The flavor in my spicy been salad was great though some of the pieces were too chewy. Entrees are very big. I liked the drunken noodles and their curry was even better. They also make a good Thai Iced Tea. Take your group here!Mango chicken was delicious.
Veggie tempura was on point.
Thai fried rice was poppin'The Thai tea was amazing, I think that's the only compliment that I will be able to give. was craving Thai but the food was bland. I asked for extra spicy and was very disappointed. don't think i will be ordering from here againThis place never disappoints, always serving up standard Thai food in a quiet atmosphere with spot-on service. I only give it three stars because it doesn't exactly make your toes curl with excitement. It's a great curry fix when you're in the mood because Chinatown doesn't have a lot to offer in the way of authentic Thai food. Also, they do provide more spice if you ask for it, which is nice. 
Lunch prices are great for the amount of food you get (App, Salad/Soup, Entree). The restaurant is good for large groups- especially if there are folks in the group who are less-adventurous but want to try Thai cuisine.Here from Florida, stopped in China Town for some Thai food. Healthy portions and the cabbage salad was tasty. The service was good despite minor language barriers and the restaurant was clean. 
The prices were reasonableI was craving thai food (especially mango sticky rice), but was pretty disappointed with this place.  We came here during lunch and it was a $9-11 set lunch price (depending on which type of meat/seafood you got).  We ordered a pork pad thai and a pork drunken noodles with shui mai and lemon grass soup.  Everything was a tinge too sour!!  It made me have a little bit of heart burn.  When the entrees came out, they were descent sized portions for lunch, but the food was pretty bland.
When it finally was dessert time, I was only looking forward to the mango sticky rice.  However, the waiter came back later after taking our order, and said that they were out.  I probably won't be back here, even if it was for a BYO because other places like Banana Leaf definitely has better tasting food.I ordered steamed veggie dumplings and pad-see-ew to go.  Dumplings were great.  Not too doughy.  I'm not quite sure what the filling was, but it was not just a bunch of cabbage, which can often be the case with veggie dumplings, so I was happy.  My pad-see-we noodles were really wide and thin, which I like.  The sauce was not too sweet.  It was a nice deep brown, not goopey or thick.  
I really think Philly is lacking in good Thai food so I was happy to find this place and will certainly go back when I need a good quick Thai food fix.My boyfriend and I went here for an early Valentine's Day dinner.  We made reservations but it turns out we didn't need them.  There was practically no one there when we arrived, except for another couple.  More on them later.  The food was excellent - some of the best Thai food we've had (not that we're connoisseurs or anything, we just like yummy Thai food.)  I got the duck fresh rolls and pork drunken noodles, and my boyfriend got fried calamari and pad see ew.  We enjoyed it all.  He even tried the duck (not too adventurous is he.)   
My biggest beef was the set up of the room.  We were seated so close to the only other couple in the restaurant that we felt like we were on their awkward second date with them.   They were definitely talking alot, and talking loudly.  I tried giving them the side eye, but to not avail.  Next time we'll just ask for a different table.  And there will be a next time, unless we can find a way to have them deliver to Manayunk.Great food.  Great service.  Fire Ice Cream is BOMB!  The Golden Bags are awesome as well.  Deep Fried Bags get all crispy to perfection.  But watch out how hot you ask for things.  Had the Wild Boar and asked for "pretty hot" and it was very very hot.  Not unmanageable, but definitely hotter than expected.  Still tasted great, just wicked hot!  Seafood extravaganza is delicious.  We made reservations but absolutely didn't need to.  They were very attentive to us.The environment is great. The food are well-decorated. I hope they have bigger portion but I have my fill with Thai Tea. Overall, the place is great. I am just disappointed with a mosquito stuck on the plate. It is mildly disgusting.One of the best kept secrets of Chinatown? I found this restaurant to be highly satisfactory on all levels for lunch. First, they do a lunch special menu, about $11 which includes small lettuce salad, starter (I got the 2 veggie spring rolls), and entree (Panang curry with tofu). I liked the curry, which had several very fresh vegetables in it, not at all over cooked. The curry itself was spicy, but not too much, and had a nice lightness to it. Not at all heavy. Note: they also serve brown rice ($1 extra), so I was pleased they don't serve only white rice. The staff was incredibly nice, and the food arrived at our table promptly. I'll be back.Service was OK. The drunken noodles was OK, but not at all spicy.Erawan has consistently great food and friendly stuff. I think there're price are good too.Oh god I'm getting hungry again can't wait to go back.