Good quality ingredients! Poke bowl was a huge portion.
After some questionable poke in Montreal this week, I was starting to get worried that good poke was only a West Coast thing. Fortunately, I was wrong. This was not exactly a traditional poke bowl (kind of a lot of carrots and corn), but the ingredients were fresh and high-quality, and the portion size was very generous. I think their $16 poke bowl was literally twice as large as a $13 poke bowl would be in Seattle, and these are airport prices!
Service was not super speedy, especially since I was there in the early afternoon when there was a staff changeover, and it seemed like they usually have fewer customers at that time of day but today it was pretty busy. If you're in a hurry, you can order anything off the menu to go (or there are premade sushi containers in a fridge, whose quality I can't vouch for).Got this in Terminal E- best airport food out there.  Not even a hint of food poisoning!  I asked, and it wa a possible to substitute salmon for kani.  Wonderful rolls with wonderful service.  Not world class.  Definitely airport world class!Great service and food was good too. Ready made salad was wilted and they made me a new one. Also friendly and very helpful staff.There is no other place to eat when you are at the airport! Fantastic Sushi and the pork ramen is incredible. There are two sit down locations at this airport and a food court option. They have an incredible selection of Sake as well.Food was delicious, and the BEST service I've ever had at an airport. Lucy was a great conversation partner, and I had a terrific experience all around. Would recommend!Amazing service.  Amazing food. Airport prices but it's sushi, so it actually makes sense.   Anytime I'm @ philly airport I hope to go here.Despite of all other 9 reviews with 5 stars, maybe I am only an unlucky one. I just had a miso ramen and it wasn't good at all. I am giving 3 stars just because staffs were very nice and friendly. I saw a gentleman next to me having a special roll amd it looked just alright.I ordered the Miso Ramen and vegetable Goyza. Both were very very good. I didn't like the dipping sauce that came with goyza. Everything lease was wonderful. Bar seating in high top chairs. The service was great & the free water tasted filtered. Great choice Leigh, great choice! (Patting myself on the back)The best! I always order the triple delight and pork Ramen and sake... It's the only place I stop when flying in Philly!Wow, what a terrible dining experience, I should have seen the red flags before committing to eating here. The staff seemed completely incompetent on my visit; it took about 45 minutes to get our food; the staff had to confirm twice why we had ordered and STILL got it wrong; we were in a rush and ended up just paying the overcharged amount. On tip of that, my Chirachi bowl had no rice, and was just tuna and salmon with cooked shrimp. I seriously cannot believe all the good reviews here...Amazing Ramen and Sushi! Definitely worth a try! Staff and service incredible. Food was amazing.Awesome place while stopping by omw back down south. Variety and quality of the soft shell crab is truly a hit with me.Ordered ramen and chicken teriyaki bowl. The teriyaki had a,little too much vinegar taste to it. The ramen was substandard. It was suppose to be miso tasting, but it smelled and taste bad with very soft noodles. Go into philadelphia or Chinatown and get a great bowl or ramen or even chicken teriyaki.Excellent quality food, beautiful presentation, very friendly knowledgeable and helpful. staff. The owner was very kind and treated us to dessert. Thanks!Not impressed, the dry ramen has little pork and cold canned mushrooms. I had to go back and ask for the cucumber and green onion topping. I usually carry a dried ramen or instant soup with me and I really wish I had this time. $13 and a .99 pack is better.I'm on connecting flights and I stopped on this sushi bar because I'm an addict when it comes to sushi, it is nothing what I've tasted in my life. BEST SUSHI EVERmost amazing to have decent food in an airport!!  i needed a bowl of noodle soup...and they had a good one!! with tonkatsu....mmmm!! savory goodness to warm my stomach!!.....really wide selection of sushi and other noodle bowls and soups.....will totally recommend this place for philly travelers!!I never thought I would give a airport restaurant five stars! I stumbled across Gachi when stuck in the Philadelphia airport. There were several flights delayed and the airport was bustling from 9pm to 2am when the last flight left. Even though the airport was full, big name restaurants in the airport were giving last call on food and beverages, but not Gachi. 
I was pleasantly surprised to find out they severed wine and they had delicious, fresh seafood. I had the franklin, which consisted of salmon, spicy tuna, avocado, and seaweed salad. The sushi was well priced, plentiful, and delicious. There is very limited seating in this spot but the staff also offered to take the food and beverage to go! I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone traveling though the E terminal at Philadelphia airport!Decent sushi by any standard. Nice to have available in the airport! Service was just fine, but the prices were reasonable. Also had some of the ramen. Dining partner calls it yummy and pleasant.Wonderful food, freshly made in front of you. Lucy is very friendly. Highly recommend GachiI am a frequent traveler and have just finished THE BEST airport food EVER! Entire time I am thinking how could this sushi be better than even my regular spot back home. Will no longer eat anywhere else at PHL. I am hooked! Service was also equally as great. My server Lucy was awesome! Check out the pic of my entree, amazing! Loved it!Best eats at PHL.  Recently opened this sushi and noodle shop has excellent food and even better service with a friendly smile.  Sushi, noodles, bento boxes and more made with care, speed and personal preference.  I had the bento box with Gyoza, salmon teriyaki and California roll with miso soup and salad included for $18.  Very fresh and tasty.
Chef Lucy cares and is very friendly along with the rest of the staff.  Fast service gets you in and out in time for your flight.  Located in A West around the corner.  Try it!Got to the airport early and was surprised to see that there is not much to eat in this A West terminal other than a handful of takeout places. GACHI appeared like a mirage. Excellent presentation and super fresh amazing food! As good as anything similar I've eaten at highly touted restaurants in LA.For airport food, you really don't get better than this!  Tonkatsu Ramen was really solid. As good as what you will get at a really good ramen place in CA.Got to the airport early and was surprised to see that there is not much to eat in this A West terminaother than a handful of takeout places. GACHI appeared like a mirage. Excellent presentation and super fresh amazing food! As good as anything similar I've eaten at highly touted restaurants in LA.It is a nice sushi place in the airport. It is nice and quiet. Lucy was very friendly. I tried the triple delight and it was delicious! I also promised her that if I ever have a chance to come back, I will try the Ramen as well. I will definitely recommend this to my friends.Best Sushi I had in Philadelphia! Definitely give it a try! Great Service always helps!! I highly recommend the Imperial Roll!!Tried this based on the good reviews. I ordered the takoyaki and triple delight. The portions are generous for the price but I found several pieces of bone in my fish. 
Takoyaki wasn't bad, but I don't expect perfection at the airport. 
I will try the ramen next time!Pleasant surprise to see a Ramen place at PHL!  Good ramen, may be better than one in Chinatown!  Staff is super friend. Sushi looks fresh. Nice gem!Amazingly giving this Japanese place in the airport 5 stars! I had the miso ramen which was actually really good. Not the best ramen I've ever had in my entire life but really quite good and way better than the one at the other ramen place in PHL (Noobar-- seriously don't go there). It comes with roasted corn, bamboo shoots and two really tasty pan seared dumplings. It's also veg/vegan which is great. Def my new go to at PHL!
The service is very nice and they have a few seats at the bar with access to electrical sockets.No, just no. We tried 3 separate places and this side of Terminal has no decent foods.
We tried California rolls and salmon teriyaki. Came out of a pre-made package. California rolls were cold and slightly dry. Salmon teriyaki rice bowl was average - not freshly made and on the slightly cold side.
Better off eating a bag of chips or trial mix.Great food, friendly staff. I've tried several different things and it's all delicious. Very accommodating for my gluten-free diet. Highly recommend.Stopped at the Gachi in the food court at Terminal B/C in the early afternoon of 6/4/2019 and ordered the tonkotsu ramen with pork (chashu) for $14. What I got was nothing like the picture shown above the counter. There was no ramen egg (ajitsuke tamago) as shown in the picture. The broth was definitely NOT tonkotsu (pork bone) broth.  It was canned chicken broth.  The chashu portions were decent, but there were no other ingredients except for a little corn, a little seaweed, and a very skimpy portion of noodles.  I left hungry and angry that I had been cheated out of $14 for a fake, falsely advertised bowl of glorified chicken broth.  If you're ever thinking of stopping here on your way through PHL, just don't.Very good and quick. I got the Miso Soup--standard. The Southwest roll includes shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, avocado, jalapeño, tobiko, and house spicy sauce was beyond good! This roll is higher than 5/5 stars! Very flavorful and just the right amount of spice. It was a great airport meal and I don't say that often. The sushi roll was very detailed, and it was appreciated.I placed a to go Sushi order today at 4:53pm, at 5:00pm was told my order was almost ready, by 5:15pm the order was not ready. Been that my flight was leaving from the gate a across and as a crew member I had time constraints. I spoke to one of the servers and she agreed to take my food across and drop it at the gate for the agents to give it to me. By my departure time at 5:50pm the food had not arrived and now I have no way of getting a refund as they do not answer their number...Really impressed with Gachi Sushi! The rolls were fresh and delicious and the service was great. I'm always amazed when you get great service in an airport since they may never see you again... we enjoyed our dinner.This place  is amazing!  Airport food
aside it's true Asian excellence and Lucy is a great host. I totally recommend this place and the Southwest roll we just had is a home run!!  Do it!!Excellent!  Best meal I've had at the Philly airport.  Fresh, delicious and great customer service.  Staff are all friendly and helpful.  I asked for a recommendation and the chef did not steer me wrong.  He even gave me samples of sushi to try.  I went with the deluxe sushi bowl... Definitely recommend!Got a Chicken Teriyaki bowl for $11.23 (incl. Tax). Was SUPPOSED to come with edamame and cucumber. I asked to have a few pieces of lettuce added since this restaurant has NO VEGETABLES.
It came with 3 leaves of lettuce, NO edamame and 4 half slices of cucumber, and about a cup of white rice, and about a teaspoon of sauce. Enough chicken.
Soo NOT worth $11.23.
Please bring back.Panda Express.This places was quick and had excellent customer service!! And loved the Phillies roll!This may sound crazy but...... best pork tonkotsu ramen I ever had. And I seek out ramen in every city! It was really good.I had veggie miso ramen. 3 stars because it was good for airport ramen but not great. Service was good, food was expensiveNice service, they offer cleaner and fresher food. I wouldn't eat D graded sushi at the airport but the Tonkastu ramen wasn't bad at all.Food not bad but employees totally unwilling to make changes or customize an order. Would not repeat.was TOTALLY surprised by how good the bento box was. its like what youd find at a traditional sit down japanese place. 
the bento box isn't on the menu but you can ask for it. i saw it on their website. 
i swapped out the california roll for another roll.
you also get miso soup which has tons of tofu in it as well. 
so surprised by how complete and good this was.
chicken was tender and juicy too.
ORDER: at counter
its in that big food court in the middle of the airport, not the side by temrinal FEarly flight and was a little surprised they were open at 6 am. What can I say I ordered Beto box and was pleasantly surprised!! Fresh, and everything was spot on. If u r interested in Japanese or sushi in am.. this is your place!I got the miso ramen with pork and honestly it was the worst ramen ive ever eaten in my life. I was craving something soupy before my flight and found this place in the food court. The cashier lady wasnt friendly and the wait was really fast (probably about 5 mins). I knew right away after i got my miso ramen that it was gonna be bad and i was right. I couldnt even finish my food cuz it was really really bad.Worst bowl of ramen I've ever had in a restaurant.  Wow it's bad! This place would go bankrupt in SF, Toronto, LA, Vancouver... Maybe people in Philly think ramen should remind them of the stuff you get at a supermarket?We are lovers of ramen and we're in search of it near our terminal in the international hall. Long and behold, we met the nicest staff and chef at Gachi, and we had a delicious and soothing ramen soup :) their ramen is vegetarian by the way! No bonito flakes.The first few times I had the Triple Delight I was blown away (about a year ago). So much so that I go out of my way (to Terminal A) to get it nearly every time I fly. The next several times were good, tho not quite the same, but the most recent time was by far the most disappointing. There was way too much rice (easily half the roll) and way too little fish and not enough sauce. Now it's just another OK but nothing special sushi place.
Might give it one or two more tries to see if it improves before switching back to Legal for pre-flight meals.