I love this place. Been three times for their chicken drunken noodles. Came once with a friend who likes his pad Thai and...something else. Their lychee iced tea is good!! Sometimes they have fresh baby coconut that you drink from and then scrape the meat out of--SO GOOD. It's run by a really nice, friendly family.Favorite Thai in the neighborhood! Great for takeout with excellent and diverse offerings. Love ending the meal with the peanut pancake, so glad to have found this spot and the curries are rich and thick (green is my favorite) filled with more types of veggies than one usually finds. Heads and shoulders above any of the Asian spots on the South St corridor.I prefer this place over Banana Leaf or Penang in the Chinatown area. Food tastes good, good vegetarian options. I just like fusion places like this featuring food from a particular region in Asia. 
Good first impression when I came with a friend. Definitely will be back to try out more dishes.Just ordered delivery from this nice pan-Asian restaurant. The food came quickly and the staff was extreme nice. Both the basil duck dish as well the kimchee dish were delicious. Diverse, different menu featuring less-common but very delicious Burmese, Malaysian, and Thai cuisines. 
A great addition to the neighborhood!They deliver, which is good because I've noticed I've gotten fat and lazy over the years. I ordered from Golden Triangle last night but I can't remember the details because of the fat and the lazy. 
I think I ordered roti cani, but I can't be sure. Definitely some sort of Indian chili chicken which was delish -- the sauce was a fascinating blend of red curry, brown sugar and about 15 other spices I can't put my finger on.
I eschewed a side dish in favor of 2 desserts -- the peanut pancakes, which look and taste exactly as you'd imagine and the falooda/faluda, one of the single most delicious, creatively concocted beverages a have ever had the pleasure of slurping down in 40 seconds. This thing is traditionally made from mixing rose syrup, vermicelli, sweet basil (sabza/takmaria) seeds, and pieces of jelly with milk, often topped off with a scoop of ice cream.
Sounds bizarre. Google it and see. It's okay, I'll wait.
Well that took you long enough! See what I mean? Crazy, right? I cannot recommend it highly enough.
Bonus: You can grab some scene cred just by eating a few of these Malaysian things no one has ever heard of.
***** Would faluda again.In reality this is some of the best food I have ever had.  I have had Mylassian before, and we frequent Penang which is also Great, but this place is way better. Just off of 5th and South. South Street is also making a comeback with many great eclectic restaurants and Shops. I have to give this place to thumbs up.  The best kept secret in Philly.Great lunch specials for $6 or $7, entree soup and rice. Lots of variety for dinner with most entrees under $12. The food is excellent. Service is attentive. The restaurant is clean, modern, very pleasant. Enthusiastically recommended.Best Thai food around! You won't be disappointed. The Tom Yum Noodle Soup is delicious. I'm addicted. Warning - not for people who can't do spicy. The Pad Thai is so good as well.It's not your typical thai food as far as flavor goes. But it was still good. 
Roti Canai -- Delicious. My favorite appetizer here 
Samosas -- a little bit greasier since it has a spring roll style wrapping but still good if dipped in the Roti Canai
Fried Burmese Tofu -- weird. This is coming from a vegetarian of 23 years, I've never seen tofu like that. It looked more like cooked egg yolk and tasted interesting. Would pass on this one. 
Pad Kee Mao -- Delicious, but could use more sauce to
Cover all the noodles
Pad Thai -- had a weird ketchup taste when you got to the saucier parts. Turned me off of it completely, but my boyfriend liked it. 
Mango Sticky Rice -- AMAZING. but small, so definitely don't plan to share it. 
Delivery was on time and warm, but they forgot napkins and silverware which was a bummer. 
To be honest, I probably won't order from here again, there are just so many other options in the area. But if I did re-order I'd get the roti Canai and mango sticky rice for sure.Fantastic value! Great food and service with reasonable prices. I wish there were more restaurants like this in the world. I had the green curry and it was a filling and tasty meal.This place was excellent! The food was delicious and incredibly inexpensive!  I went with four other people, and we shared three appetizers and four main courses. Everything was amazingVery good! Had take out from there tonight and everything was on point. Changes from usual asian spots; great flavor combos! Highly recommended!I ordered delivery tonight and it showed up in about 30 minutes, super hot. The pan fried dumplings were really good although the sauce they came with was a little weird. The fried pearl noodles come with shrimp and chicken and are only $10! I asked for it to have medium spice and it wasn't spicy at all, but it was still flavorful and I enjoyed the dish overall. I will definitely try some more dishes from this restaurant.Lunch...had the $6 eggplant Thai Basil with seaweed soup.  Outstanding value and taste!  Will be back for dinner.  Excellent service, too.I ordered to go for lunch and was expecting more from all the yelp reviews but it was just ok.  The roti was good, but not thicker than normal broth.  And I got the char kway teow, which wasn't overly spicy at all, it was rather dry with only three small shrimps and a few pieces of calamari. Their portions were small and probably would not order again with other places in chinatown that can make the same meal for less.Fantastic, fragrant, fresh. Stumbled upon this place at 9 pm on a Wednesday and the was only1 other couple there. I had ma ma yellow noodles w shrimp, my first Burmese food. My mom had lemongrass chicken. Great level of spice and wonderfully presented. 
Super low--key, excellent food. 
Great price, generous portion.Red curry is AMAZING! Fresh ingredients. They cater to vegetarians and vegans. My go-to Thai delivery place! Excellent prices for food quality and portions.I order delivery from here all the time and it is always delicious, quick, and affordable. I love the pad Thai, Roti canai, and beef skewer. The food is always great, never any complaints! The delivery is always quick and the guy who delivers it is super friendly and nice. I have nothing but praise for this place. I've never eaten in the restaurant itself, so I can't speak on that, but the delivery and take out food is great!Great service, decent price, and BYOB. Their Thai dishes are excellent.  But their other Asian dishes doesn't seem to have the same flavor.  
This place won't disappoint, you just have to know what to order.  Considering the limited Asian restaurants in the area, this is a must try for quality Asian food.The roti canai is bangin. Very friendly staff and for the most part the food is great. Also very fairly priced.One of my favorite little places in the city. The Tom Yum soup is just absolutely delicious, their appetizers are so fresh. Also, generous portions and great service.Great little restaurant for Malaysian foods. We've ordered Nasi Lemak and mango chicken. Both of those dishes were great taste and good portion size. At the end, I've added the tea leaves salad which was not good at all. We took one bite and left it there (wasted $6). Customer service was great even though the waiter wasn't too upbeat. Don't know if I'm going back though.I loved this place the food is excellent and the service was perfect. Everything I had I liked. My family and I came here on a slow night and ordered all the aps and shared. We had a great time.Eat here. Trust me. I live down the street. Just tried for the first time and will be going back many times over. Had Pad Thai, roti canai, and sesame chicken. So fresh. Fast (like 5 minute wait), and the flavors are incredible. The people are nice. Cheap too. Do yourself a favor and stop looking for other options. 
(I'd add photos but we destroyed our food....)This place is the bomb! Veggie green curry and Thai iced is my usual order but everything is delicious. The curry is surprisingly spicy and rich in flavor. The guys working the counter are super friendly and the food is always ready, hot, and delicious.. a must if you're in queen village area!This is our go-to in the area. We have never had a bad meal from them on delivery and they are possibly the nicest people I have ever dealt with at a takeout place. They are so upbeat EVERY time we call and I swear I'm cracking up after I hang up because it's almost comical how nice they are! Whenever we order they always tell us 45-50 minutes and it typically comes within 20-30 minutes. Also, the roti canai is beyond amazing - but honestly all the food is so good!Great addition to the neighborhood!  I tried the tea leaf salad which was crisp and refreshing and the beef Rendang was very tender in a rich sauce. 
The menu is pretty comprehensive and includes favorites like roti canai, Hainanese chicken rice, nasi lemak, etc. On top of that the service is pleasant and attentive. Looking forward to my next visit.This place had the worst drunken noodles I've ever had. It tasted like they just cooked the noodles in chili sauce. In addition, the noodles were all stuck together and resulted in them not having much flavor at all. I'm not sure why other people like this place, I wouldn't come here again.Excellent addition to the neighborhood. Could up their game a bit.
I was excited to have this come into the neighborhood. Have eaten there or taken out 3 times. As others have said, the roti canai is excellent. However, in some ways it seems like they are trying to offer too many cuisines at once and some of the sauces end up muddy. Mind you, this is very good. But, a slight sharpening of tastes by the chef could easily take this to a new level.Overall, we were satisfied with the meal. 
The dishes were flavorful, everything was fresh, it was prepared to order, and they made accommodations for various tastes. 
The restaurant was very clean, and the price point was reasonable. 
There wasn't really a downside; it was pretty much what we expected. And so the stars reflect that - not terrific but not bad at all.Order Delivery and I couldn't believe they delivered to Fishtown. I'm sick so all I wanted was soup.  But there's a $15 min for Delivery so I ordered Wonton Soup, Seaweed Tofu soup with Vegetable, and Basil Fried Rice.  The wonton soup was BOMB DIGGITY!!! Get it. And you can probably get it delivered!Basil fried rice is bomb. Everything looks delicious. I'll be picking up from here frequentlyGreat meal for 3 under $50 with tip. Everything was great. Get all the appetizers: tofu  spring rolls, dumplings, satey, wontons, noodle dishes were amazing. Curries rock!Hidden gem alert!
My friends and I enjoyed an absolutely delicious dinner at Golden Triangle last night. The selection was an extensive array of Malaysian, Burmese, and Thai foods. We started by splitting the roti and Burmese salad; both were very flavorful and delicious. Each of us LOVED our entrees. The green curry was one of the best curries I've had! To top it off, the deep-fried ice cream was quite a treat! The waitstaff was very attentive and made us feel like we were guests in their home. It was an all-around wonderful experience. I highly recommend Golden Triangle and can't wait to go again soon!The service was very attentive and friendly. The food was delicious with just the right amount of spice. The only down side was there was a musty smell in the restaurant.My boyfriend and I went there Saturday night for dinner. The restaurant is very clean and the service was excellent, the waiter being very attentive. 
I had the chicken pad thai and my boyfriend had the beef with black pepper sauce. The presentation of the meals was excellent and the food was of excellent quality. 
This place is definitely a keeper !!Used takeout from EAT24. 
Ordered:
Roti Canai: really enjoyed this, compared to places like Banana Leaf or Penang. It's much thicker, and the curry has bits of chicken and large chunks of potatoes. This for sure is a must order. 
Popia (Summer Rolls): never had this before. It's got a really light and gelatinous outside, and the inside tastes mostly of bean sprouts. Did not really like this. Sauce was tasty.  
Beef Chow Fun: good amount of spice and nice tasty slices of beef. Solid, and tasted better than most generic Chinese places. 
Green curry: I liked how many vegetables were crammed in this, it was chunky and less liquidy compared to most places. Good spice and good balance with coconut milk.
Will definitely have to stop by in person.Ordered by phone for pick up, staff were very friendly and courteous. There was a little delay, but they were very apologetic and made sure we were comfortable- offered us chairs and brought us water while we waited. Food was delicious, I rarely enjoy any Asian takeout, but this was probably the best take out I've had.
Roti with curry appetizer was delicious!!
Mango salad was so refreshing! Entres were excellent as well. Great place to try a different twist to Asian take out. Highly recommend.I'd understand the place getting an order wrong, but they just falsely advertised what is in their food. Tofu pad Thai came with 0 pieces of tofu. Coconut rice was just plain white rice. Not flavor.I live in Queen Village- just down the street from this hidden gem. I am so happy that Golden Triangle is now a part of our neighborhood. Cute place, excellent food and service. You can't beat the price either. I hope that Golden Triangle continues to be successful. It's a great neighborhood staple!Yummmmmm. So many authentic flavors. Been in several times and the food is consistently delicious. Family run. I love working my way through the menu. My favorites are the Lar Nah and Mee Shan. Never had any dishes quite like them before.  Seriously good. This is a staple for the neighborhood.The food here is excellent and delivery is always prompt.  They beat their time estimates by a lot most of the time.  They have a lot of dishes you won't find elsewhere.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia.  The food comes out fast, it is inexpensive, and I like the diversity of the cuisines they offer.  At this point I have eaten about eight different dishes here, and nothing was bad.  The roti canai appetizer is absolutely delicious and can actually serve as an entree for those who are not big eaters.  I also really like the Malaysian and Indian chili chicken, as well as most of the Burmese options.The food is outstanding! The best Pad Thai I've ever had. Everything we have ordered has been great.Have eaten here several times and gotten take out. Food is good quality and delicious! For your local asian go-to you could not find better.I didn't eat at this place for too long, but I tried their Roti Canai. As a Malaysian, I can say will much pride that this is one of the only places that makes Roti Canai the way Malaysians make it. Other restaurants tend to make it overly crispy, and in much smaller servings. 
Golden Triangle has a better sense of how it's originally made, and has a much larger serving, well worth the price!Upon all of the recommendations from other comments, I got the roti canai and it was definitely good! The pad thai was also great! The Thai iced coffee was good, but just a bit too sweet and creamy for my taste. Its a nice little place on South Street. I would definitely go back!Must Try:Pork Chop..,One in a while, I went to Philadelphia and a friend of mine recommend to try for Pork Chop. The best Pork Chop every I had.The food is great and as a Malaysian, I can vouch for the authentic tasty nasi lemak. Service is prompt and attentive. I enjoyed my experience here.I don't even want to write a review of this place, because I'm scared it will be invaded, but it is the best secret in PHL.  Best roti canai of my life, excellent tom yum, perfect spice on the noodle dishes.  Everything is prepared with care.