My absolute favorite cafe in the city. Their black and white latte is probably the best I've ever had (not too sweet and just the right amount of foam), soups are always really good (even for non-soup people) and there's just a lot of space to do work. The noise level is perfect, the music is at a perfect level, and I always enjoy when patrons bring their dogs. I'll keep giving them my business for as long as I can.Great vegetarian and organic menu, friendly and helpful staff and delicious coffee! I'm definitely coming backDecent place to study, work and what have you. Awesome, friendly and smiley staff. Moderately priced cafe fare. Ample tables and outlets. Hands down one of my fav cafes in Philly.This was the first coffee shop I visited in Philly (trying to branch out from Starbucks) and I wasn't disappointed!
The atmosphere is my favorite! There is plenty of room and plenty of tables to sip your coffee or pull out books to study (they offer free wifi). The shrubbery at the front of the door adds to the charm and makes you feel like it is a secret spot (haha). As a plus, the bathrooms are also very nice and clean!
The staff is super great ! Quick to take orders and whip them up.  I saw them walking around cleaning multiple times.
I ordered a pumpkin spice latte with almond milk.  It was very good! It didn't have a strong pumpkin flavor with lots of spice which some people don't like. A little pricey in my opinion around $5 for a small but that's usually how much lattes are anyways elsewhere.  
All in all, I really enjoyed Good Karma and can't wait to go back, grab a coffee and study!No loud college-bro music. Good food and coffee. These guys get it.  I only wish the floor in the back area was quieter, but they do everything else great.Good coffee, lovely space, friendly employees and open at 7 am on a Sunday!  Couldn't have asked for more.We love this spot for a great cup of coffee or a specialty drink. It's got a casual and inviting atmosphere and is great to meet friends or hang out and read. I've had a few business meetings here too. They take attention with little details like having a cup at the service station to pour off that extra coffee when you want more cream (how many times do you see people pour coffee in the trash at Starbucks!?) this attention to detail and service carries through the shop. And the shop is so spacious you don't feel crowded like at some places. 
Definitely worth checking out if you haven't.I've only been here once so far, but I enjoyed it!  It was packed when we were here but we were able to sit outside (which was preferable anyway, since the weather was beautiful!).  I took the crowds as a sign that the coffee was good, and I was right (way to go, Carissa!).
I find that many places that have fancy coffee make it look and taste way too dark.  The iced caramel coffee here was noticeably caffeinated, but didn't taste too strong and acidic, so that was a real treat.  I also appreciated the offering of vegan options in food and drinks.  
Really nothing negative to say here!  Someday I shall try some other foods/drinks, but for now at least, I'm a fan.This is a great place to study or read the paper, but especially on weekends you have to get there by 9 or 10 AM at the latest if you want to actually get a spot. There are large tables to spread your things out on, plenty of outlets, and good wireless. They're also open until 10, which is very, very late for a neighborhood coffee shop and much appreciated.  It's NOT a great place to have a casual conversation because most of its patrons seem to think it's a public library and will shoot you dirty looks.  The coffee and food are decent--not great--and reasonably priced, and the staff is friendly.At the top of my Christmas list this year is that someone would open a huge, friendly coffeehouse near my house with WiFi and plenty of outlets and a lot of room. It hasn't happened yet but someone opened one up in Washington West which is totally not fair since Good Karma is an easy walk from the awesomeness of Chapterhouse.
I'll forestall my bitterness for now and just be glad that I can stop walking a whole two blocks than before if I really must be at a coffeehouse that much sooner. Good Karma is BIG and bright and has a lot of outlets and WiFi. There's a large selection of baked good and drinks other than coffee and tea. That's cool. They have two nice bathrooms, too, and no one bothers you and they're open late. Could this be coffeehouse love?
The downsides are the food's not great. There's a sign telling you not to bring food from elsewhere which I must respect but I must admit to being a little sad inside when I have to bite into one of their moist, overly eggy scones knowing there are great ones out there made by our own Metropolitan Bakery. The coffee's fine, as far as a brew is concerned but as a fellow Yelper said, the lattes leave much to be desired. They're confused as to what makes a latte and what makes a cappuccino. I ordered one once and none since. 
But what can I say. I'll take the bad scones and indifferent coffee drinks for the genuine friendliness of the place and my face is as green as their mugs when I think about how spoiled that neighborhood is while my part of town is totally bereft of coffeehouse awesomeness.
Oh, cash only though there's an expensive ATM on the premises.This is one of my favorite coffee shops to get work done at. They have free wifi, plenty of seating, and play indie music on low volume. Good Karma also has an outdoor oasis in the back which it seems not many know about. Wouldn't say this is the place for coffee connoisseurs because I don't think they roast or brew their own coffee. However drinks are solidly delicious and unique. And ambiance is very chill.I'll start by saying that I'm not a coffee buff, but I certainly enjoy a nice cup of coffee. I have to say that I wasn't wowed by the cafe mocha or the Americano that I've had from there, but I'd still go back to grab & go, because it's in my neighborhood.
Grab and go is the way to go, in my opinion. Last time I stopped in, there were at least two dogs sitting obediently by their owners, who were on their laptops. And it was pretty full. I was never really the type to linger in a coffee shop alone, though.
I noticed the set of rules posted by the milk and sugar - they really made me feel welcome. Very inviting set of rules. Appreciative of their customers they are.First: This place is a solid place to get some work done. Big tables allow you to spread out and the internet connection is good despite the place being full. I also like how spacious it is. 
Second: The service is good...when you're there. There was one Saturday morning when I called hoping to just order a grab and go before a morning tee time and the girl who picked up said they don't do takeout orders on the weekends. Before I could ask if she meant over the phone or at all (walking there and ordering was still an option for me), she had already hung up. Didn't even say bye so I kind of just kept talking until the line went dead (oops). 
Third: The food is serviceable, I guess. I don't think most people go here for dinner plans but eat when they're hungry in the middle of getting some work done. For that reason, it's a solid food place. I typically have the bagel and lox, though, hard to screw that up. The fiance had a salad with chicken and it was below average, if not poor and the food did take awhile. Two or three parties who ordered after us got their food before us.
Points for: Good place to get work done: big tables, a lot of room to work. Coffee
No points: SaladsThis review is for the newly opened second location on Pine Street between 9th and 10th street.  i stopped in this morning to check out the coffee here.  The cafe options for good coffee are sparse between the Washington Square neighborhood and center city (and I had grown tired of looking at the empty Ethnics space), the Good Karma Cafe is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  
I ordered an iced coffee - its good to know they come in two sizes - 16 and 20 oz, along with a shot of espresso (at no additional charge), and that they also carry soy milk.  I decided to sit down with a magazine and my coffee and take in the atmosphere of the new space- its very open and still feels a bit empty- somewhat lacking the cozy atmosphere that makes a cafe seem so inviting.  I went to take a seat in the side room towards the back of the space, but the air felt a bit stuffy there so moved towards the front.  The music added a nice chilled out vibe, and the large paintings added some color to the otherwise white walls.  
The space up front near the counter is a bit barren, with the exception of two not-so-pretty drink coolers- it would be nice to see more tables here, or a counter with some stools.  There is also an atm inside, nice I suppose if you need a bit of extra cash (not sure if the cafe takes cards)...however, it would be nicer if the sound on the machine could be turned off- it beeps loudly every time a button is pressed- kind of distracting if you are reading or studying. Additionally, with the size of the space, before they opened, I was expecting more of a cafe- the kind that serves soups and sandwiches, in addition to coffee, tea etc., maybe this will happen eventually?  It would really be nice to have a quick sandwich/snack option in the neighborhood.
All things aside, I know they've only been open for about a week and a half and are still getting used to the new space, so I'll definitely return.One of my favorites. I used to love coming here to get work done or even read. Big windows, lots of tables, annd outlets galore. The coffee was good. The drinks Ive tried have always been delicious. The ambiance - just perfect. Loved sitting here at night - bright lights, big tables, just the right background music. Open till 10 pm. Plus less crowded in the evening hours.
 I love my coffee shops and this is def one of them.This is the perfect place to study! There are tons of tables, and some outlets (come with devices charged just in case you can't sit by one!) Good Karma always has seasonal specials like the iced lavender latte I have had twice this week. They also now take credit cards, so I will be coming back even more.Hands down one of my favorite places to sit and do work. Good coffee and friendly baristas, large space with plenty of tables and outdoor seating.  $3 bottomless coffee is worth it during finals week when you need a place to study all day! There's always great artwork and the atmosphere is just right.Good Karma is a nice spot, and conveniently located (on the way to PATCO for me), so I stop by frequently. The coffee is good, if not great, but you get a lot of customization options to make something you'll definitely enjoy. Though most of the baked goods here are the pre-packaged variety, Good Karma definitely gets points on the food front for its bagels, which you can order with anything from hummus to salmon to eggs. 
The other selling point of the location is its spaciousness. The layout of tables makes it a near certainty that you'll find a spot to sit, so if you're looking for a place to read or check your email, Good Karma has you covered.
The final point in favor is the underused backyard seating. I had one particular breakfast back there on a beautiful day that was very memorable.I've been to Good Karma twice and I've had a great experience both times. Great coffee and plenty of seating... it's the perfect spot to study or get work done because it's typically pretty quiet.I never realized how close I am to this amazing spot!
I wandered in one morning and discovered what I've been missing. Cheap, tasty bagel sandwiches; good coffee & lots of tables. (If you're going to eat in check that there's a spot open before you pay, because I was lucky to find a table!)
Good, quiet & calm atmosphere for studying/reading and everyone I encountered seemed friendly!
I will definitely be back!Hands down my favorite cafe in Philly. There is lots of natural light, free wifi, good table sizes, plenty of outlets, and $3 bottomless cups of coffee (and free soy milk!). It's the perfect work / study, and I'm always super productive when I come here.
The iced sundew green tea is delicious and refreshing -- perfect summer drink. Their soups are very good, as are the bagel sandwiches. I can't help but be in a good mood whenever I come to Good Karma cafe :)Pleasant way for me to spend time in the morning if I have room to kill before getting into work. A small coffee is $2.16 including tax and is strong and hot.
I like the set up with an ample area for people to customize their drinks with whatever milk preference they have.  Strong wifi - password info is located in the area with the straws and milk.
Plenty of tables for people to sit and relax. I love that they keep a dog bowl on the steps outside for our furry friends.Awesome staff, good vibe. They all work hard and at a fast place i can't complain and its pet friendly!Simply the best hot chocolate I have ever had! Relaxed atmosphere.  Perfect spot to chat with a friend and share warm drinks on a cold day.This cafe was one of the reasons I moved to Philly. Cozy, great coffee, stellar sandwiches and soups - really friendly staff. Plus: later than your average-cup-of-joe-place hours! Anything coconut is excellent. Colonel Mustard (sandwich) is a must try. I've also gone on date here before so, you know, it's a good meeting place tooI love this place, plenty of seating, good food and drinks and wi-fi!!!Great neighborhood coffee spot. There are a few locations in the city. Takes a little while to get your drinks and food so if you're in a rush, be warned. Everything I've had here is really good though and it's a fun little environment. Get there early if you're looking for a table. It's stacked with people on their laptops on the weekends though. I wish they would section off a spot for 'working folks', otherwise plan on getting it to go or sit outside if it's nice.i pass by here every day on my way to work, and i try to stop in as much as i can, but there's one problem: i almost never carry cash.
yes, Good Karma is a great coffee house. the coffee is pleasant (though a little on the expensive side - a small is $2, i'm used to closer to $1.50 for drip), not Starbucks burnt, and the baked goods are sometimes vegan and always yummy. the staff is low key and really friendly. the interior itself is huge - several rooms - which means that you're not wanting for table space. they also have a nice outdoor seating area and a dog bowl of water for thirsty pups. 
but there is one drawback: cash only. it is the one factor that has me going to the Starbucks three blocks away more often than not because of that. i get why a business would be cash only - i'm sure there are many factors - but c'mon, it's 2011. no one really carries cash any more.I love this place for its delicious specialty coffee, music, and bright lighting.Nice place to refuel and soak up some good karma on the walk from the Italian Market to the Reading Terminal Market. Saturday morning adventures. This is not a chain, it doesn't look like anywhere else! we sat outside in back and listened to the sound of the fountain. Pretty nice and good coffeeWe ordered hot chocolate and the one of the current seasonal drinks, apple cider. The apple cider was absolutely amazing! We went back for a second one.I really wanted to like this place, but when you hand my a soy cappucino (litterally ALL FOAM) when I order a latte, we have a seriously problem here. Did I mention the fact that the espresso was literally ON FIRE hot? oh I didn't? well it was. and that made me quite sad. I have always been curious about the good karma up on 22nd, passing it constantly when driving over to see the West Philly folks. I've never had reason to stop because I was always headed somewhere, however, when this one opening up so close to my house, it was clear I could take it in for consideration. 
I stopped by on a walk with my dog and bf. They let me bring the dog in- massive props. The space is really lovely. It's got great high ceilings, lots of sitting room, (but all tables and chairs like a cafeteria, no cushy seating) They are open late, which is nice, but still, it's just not quite what I'm looking for. If I leave my house and walk south instead of north, I end up at Chapterhouse, and while GK is certainly nice, I also need my beverage to be on par with the aesthetics of the place, and at least at my first visit, it was not. It burnt my mouth and was 3/4 foam and 1/4 espresso and not a latte in any form of the word. 
I'm sure we'll try it again and at that point, I'll give it a second chance and second review, but for right now it would be my last choice for a coffee fix. Sorry guys.This place is really nice and they have two small tables outside, which is nice. We ordered a latte and lox bagel sandwich. Latte was really good, but lox sandwich had two small pieces of smoked salmon and invaded by tomatoes, which is not the way it should be. Thats why 3 stars.Awesome space with a cool vibe, friendly service, wide selection and reasonable prices? I'll take it. My frappuccino had WAY too much sugar and they have few savory snacks(why?), but everything else is fine. Will come back. :-)
Check out the back area with the minifountain and the peach tree. Def worth a try. Love the art on the walls. Hurray for a GREAT coffee spot.Open late, tons of tables, good food & coffee, they take credit cards, have an ATM...It's the prefect coffee shop. Wish they had one here in south Philly just like itI'm SO excited about their new vegan items. Good Karma now offers food made by Vegan Commissary including cookies, muffins scones, salads, and tofu scramble. The tofu scramble is really really good. They also now offer two flavors of Tofutti cream cheese; plain and herb. I will definitely be spending a lot more time here.As far as I'm concerned, this is one of the best cafés in Philly. Plenty of space to work, great coffee, great food, and a really chill atmosphere. Even though I live on the other side of town I come out here all the time to work or just hang out. My favorite is the Lavender Latté!This cafe is a great place to study or get some work done. First of all, you can buy a $3 bottomless cup of coffee which is great if you're going to stick around for a while. I only get the dark roast, and it is tasty. I've also had the espresso drinks which are also great. Last summer they had lavender lemonade which was amazing! Next time I go (when I'm not in desperate need of caffeine like I usually am), I'll see if they have it again this year.
It has a nice outdoor area in the back that I didn't discover until a couple months ago. The few tables out there that get some nice sun during the day. There's ample room to sit indoors, too, and a decent number of outlets. This location is much bigger than the Good Karma by Rittenhouse, so if you want to go to one of them on the weekend, you're more likely to find a seat here. Overall a great place!Keeping up with the good karma, I come here to enjoy a daily cup of coffee with my girlfriend. Its a great little spot you can sit down and have a hot cup of joe. The service is quick, and the coffee is awesome.They allow dogs in line (just not to stay) so it's a win in my book! Good coffee and nice staff.It's open late!! (Well, relative to other Philly cafes.) That alone is worth two stars.
And there are a ton of tables to work at.
And it's a calm, lovely environment that's nice and spacious. I prefer the decor/feel of the 22nd St location a bit more (it's more homey, cozy), but this one does the job. Now if only I lived closer to this cafe.I really like this place. The staff is always super friendly and helpful. It's nice that you can bring dogs in there, too. Four star dishes, different exotic fishes (in their awesome salt water tank).Hard to rate a place like this.  It's PERFECT for what it is: a place to caffeinate, keep your energy and focus high, and get your work done.  They're not trying to be a cozy corner coffee shop where people gather in cushioned chairs and chat for hours.  This is a place of business. 
Many coffee shops don't have enough table space for laptops, coffee, and books.  Many coffee shops don't have enough outlets to conveniently plug in.  Good Karma covers all of those bases AND plays good music.  
I just wish they had a few more food options so I never have to leave.  :-)This place treats me like I'm homeless.  I came into the cafe to meet my mom for breakfast. She met me at my table and we were exchanging mail and discussing what to get.  One of the workers came over and informed us that we'd have to order something, that tables are only for paying customers.  Ummm yes, can we take our coats off? 
Their coffee is ok-not great.  But they have lots of tables and plenty of room to spread out and study which is a huge plus.  I also like that they're open until 10.While I have my go-to in the neighborhood for coffee and baked goods, I decided to try Good Karma since I had heard so many great things about it and wanted to see if it lived up to its rave reviews.  It sure did.  I settled on a blueberry muffin and pumpkin spice latte--they are the only coffee shop I have been to thus far who offers pumpkin spice flavoring all year round, so they get major props in my book!  What's more, for the entirety of the time I was there, I felt as if I were surrounded by good karma, especially since, Julius, one of the friendly baristas, made conversation with me!  I assured him that I would make it a point to come back for an upcoming live music performance, and I really hope I can!Great place to study. There is a ton of space and many tables of different sizes. The coffee is good although seems expensive for the quality. Downfall is that it is cash only.I love this place. This is one of my go-to coffee shops to get work done even though it is almost a mile walk from home and there are plenty of other coffee shops that are closer to me. There are plenty of tables (square tables so good for laptops), free WiFi, and lots of people on laptops -- my kind of place. A lot of med students and people on laptops camp out here all day, which can be kind of annoying when trying to find a seat at a busy time, but I'm one of those people too (I stay for 2 hours tops) so I can't complain. The coffee is great and there are a ton of non-coffee items to choose from if you're not into caffeine. They also have a pretty good and inexpensive food menu as well, but I have only eaten here a couple of times so I can't say much about the food.Good Karma cafe is one of my favorite coffee shops in Philadelphia. They have multiple locations and all have delicious, carefully sourced coffee. They usually serve a light medium and dark roast! Most locations have lots of seating and have no problems if you want to sit for a while and work. They also have a good selection of bagels and pastries. Highly recommend.I've been coming here for years.  There are so many things about this coffee shop that keep me coming back that it's tough to pin point it's best feature.   I typically wander in the doors on weekend mornings to get a few hours of studying in, but I have been during the week and it seems to be much more busy.   The customers range from small book clubs, normal people grabbin a quick coffee to Jeff med students grinding away.  
I typically sit at a large table in the back although sometimes it's too busy and I'm stuck at a small table (I like to spread things out).  The highlight of coming to good karma is that they have bottomless coffee for just $3.87 with tax.  you're tellin me that I'm able to slam about 5 cups in 5 hours for just under $4?  Sold.  The rest of the stuff on the menu looks really good although it's a little pricey for what it is.  
2 complaints I have are that the fish tank has new members every time I go in...  Like one day Nemo had been found swimming freely and the next day there's a couple shrimp chillin on his rock bottom carcass.  They clearly can't run a tank.  The other one being that in the summer sometimes they just open the doors and windows and it's like 85 degrees in there. That plus my steaming coffee give me the hot flash feeling that God never intended for me to experience.   
Regardless of my small pet peeves being violated, Good Karma is good and I hope the fish tank karma doesn't catch up to them.Oh Philly, I miss you and your indifferent baristas. I promised my niece that we'd go out for coffee when I was visiting, and we decided to hit the city. This place is open late on weekends, so we grabbed some cookies and coffee and settled in to talk about college and internships. It wasn't crowded--just a few folks with laptops. 
The space is pretty big, with plenty of room to work or socialize. The coffee is fine. The pastries are fine. And that's really all there is to say.