My go-to spot on a Saturday night! I was real bummed that lucys closed, but was pleasantly surprised by this bar just across the street!
Their food is better than expected. I always get wings and fries. (be careful of the wtf sauce though) Sometimes it takes a real long time to get the bartenders attention, but the place is usually packed. And if you're lucky the always sunny crew will pop in!This place has a few good things going for it: 
1. REALLY good gravy fries...seriously, if you haven't had them yet - you haven't lived
2. The staff here is friendly and entertaining! Don't let it alarm you if a waitress and a member of the kitchen staff randomly have a lover's quarrel...its all part of the character of the place! lol!
3. It is the perfect bar to watch ANY Philly sports team...but especially the Phillies. 
4. Pretty good beer selection, too!To sum it up, it's an average bar with ties to a very well-known TV show - but that fact doesn't make the food or much else better. When I went they had $4 White Rascal's and on top of that I had the normal gravy fries. $11 for fries, steep to say the least. They were steak fries, covered in gravy and mozzarella cheese and while pretty damn good, I would be hesitant to say that they're worth the price. Service was good, sometimes a little slow, but still friendly.Good beer selection. Not the best. Chill atmosphere, partially owned by the cast of it's always sunny.I came on Saturday in the afternoon and enjoyed my time there. The staff was friendly and willing to chat with you. They have a decent draft and bottle list. I ordered the Dante Piccante burger and it was spicy, but delicious! I will come back for a bite and beer!I finally made it to Mac's on a Wednesday night for Quizzo.  I'm a huge Always Sunny fan so this place was pretty much guaranteed two stars.  Some of my friends are regulars so they know the bartenders.  The servers were really helpful in setting up our oversized quizzo team table.  I only stayed though the first round, but the questions were decent.  Only problem is that its really hard to hear the questions in the back.  I definitely think this needs a spot in the UYE Cross-City Shuffle.Went there for my birthday this summer because I'm a huge Sunny fan.  I ordered Hummus so that I didn't get drunk too fast.  It was so good, I got some to go at 2am.  If you don't get the Hummus at Mac's then I just feel bad for you.  It's so good it's almost criminal.  Trust me, I'm chubby.  I know food  :PGood beer menu and great food options.  The chicken fingers are killer, especially with the Mac's House gravy fries.  If you see the Sweet D's Sausage & P's on the special's menu pounce on that.We went here because we found a Groupon and because of the owners, who star on It's Always Sunny. It was pretty loud and my food was lackluster. It tries to be upscale tavern food, but that type of food nearly always fails. They are strict about no substitutions which is annoying. They did have a good beer selection with some I've never heard of which is always good. I'm not sure I'd go here for the food, though the Groupon made it better. Also kind of slow service and kind of cramped since the bar crowd stated filling up the restaurant area. I would go for the beer selection.Hidden gem in olde city. Fun bar that has some really good sweet potato fries! The fries are on steroids and come with some honey horseradish sauce that are a dream come true. I devoured those bad boys like they were my last meal. Believe the hype!
Our party sat by the jukebox right by the bathrooms, but the music was way too loud for a casual Sunday evening. I have to work tomorrow, and I need my voice! I don't need to shout over to a friend right across for me. If they can fix that, then I'll be a happy woman. I just won't share my fries.Delicious crab cakes, both the appetizer and the sandwich! Happy hour until 6:30 means all appetizers are just $6, so I couldn't pass them up! Bar staff were friendly, and kept my glasses full.So I'm still not sure how I feel about Mac's Tavern, I've been here like 3 times, and I've had the food. and drinks. and had good service once, shitty awful service once and okay service once. What does this mean? well I don't know. I enjoy their fries and they have a decent beer list. But when a waitress ignores me and there are literally 2 other patrons in the bar- we have something wrong here. 
I will definitely give it a try in the future, but it certainly has major competition what with so many always winning bars in olde city.I'm an out of tower and walked by this place at least twice looking for a place to grab dinner. This place was the perfect amount of busy, service was great and beer and food was on point. I'm from Texas and their chili (with Guac and pico, can't go wrong) promised to be spicy. It was and was delicious. The bartenders know their local beer, which is all I can ask for. Anyone can serve a Budlight, but I really appreciate them touting the local brews. I highly recommend. With that said, I dined and drank solo, and didn't use the bathrooms, so no comment on that aspect.Short and sweet. I loved the food. The potion sizes are more than enough. I ordered the grilled chicken wrap. The chicken was well seasoned and very flavorful. The fries are delicious!I'm giving this place 2 stars, only because I've been here before and I know its potential.  I tell everyone to come here because it's the only Notre Dame bar in the city and it's usually a great time.  Last night, this was not the case.  My roommates and I came here for the ND/MSU game and I'm sad to say, we probably won't be back.
We ordered some food and were somewhat disappointed.  Buffalo chicken cheesesteak was decent, grilled chicken wrap was as to be expected, and the chicken tenders....crunchy, possibly re-fried and on a bed of lettuce...$13 for 3 chicken tenders, one of which was so damn tiny, it shouldn't even be counted as a chicken tender.  We also had to track down a waitress to ask for forks and napkins.  When we were finished, our plates sat there until I finally decided to move them to an empty end of the bar table we were at.
After our first round, I waited at least 20 minutes at the bar before a bartender even made eye contact with me.  I'm not sure where the 2nd bartender was, but she seemed to be having some sort of personal issue, as she was in and out on her cell phone the whole time.
All in all, they just seemed short-staffed and overwhelmed last night.  I'm disappointed because I really do love this place and have good memories here.  Sad to say, I'll have to find a new favorite place.I can't believe I never reviewed this...
I love "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" so naturally, I HAD to come here.  AWESOME "Mac & cheese" but didn't like the "It's Always Sunny" beer.  Still a great place to hang out with friends though.  Now, crossing my fingers in hopes to see Rob" McElhenney  and Kaitlin Olson...We had so much fun at this place! Lisa, Erika and and Sean  were phenomenal bartenders and really made our Saturday night the best. We will be bringing all our friends here to watch eagles games. Very friendly and makes you feel like home!Mac's is my favorite bar in Old City thus far. The place is nice without being too stuffy, has a great draft selection, and runs specials during games. They have a good social media presence, which I appreciate - it's the only place I've been able to find Oberon in Philly, and I discovered they carried it via Twitter. (Not going to lie, I was thinking 4 stars until I remembered their awesome rotating drafts.) The staff is great and although I've been in too late to personally want food, the food I've seen served looks and smells great. If you're looking for a great laid back bar in the area, this is it.Stopped in here Sunday nite with my family after a long day at the Franklin Institute. There were six of us and there were tables for six in the rear of the place, all with reserved signs on them. What's with that? We might have walked out if someone hadn't wandered over. We sat at the middle table which was a mistake as water from the AC vent above was dripping on my daughter, so we moved to the side table. The bartender came right over and we ordered drinks. Lots of nice craft beers on their list. The waiter finally came over and took our orders. Skip the chicken wings as they were very tiny and overdone, but the calamari was super tender and delicious.
I ordered their half pound burger which was very good. They could work on the fries to get them more crispy. Everyone liked their food and we would go back. Service was friendly, attentive but somewhat pokey, but after reading some reviews, we expected that and it was not a problem. Neat place!I'm not usually so inclined to write a review, but here goes.
Mac's is a great Old City bar with great food, great selection of craft brews, and a friendly atmosphere. Also a great staff and management, who are passionate about retaining their regulars and attracting new ones.
With that said, they don't take any crap from the cheap and/or skeezy and/or idiot population of the surrounding area. They have taken flack on the social media sites for defending themselves against thieves and morons who try and defraud this wonderful business. Three cheers to you guys for posting pictures of thieves and the like, as its not only your business who loses money from these vermin. 
Per the 1-star reviews below, this is the type of a ss-hattery you would expect from local South Philly trash who occasionally escapes his meager existence for a night on the town, going to a non-sports bar to watch a garbage TNF game when there is a new episode of Always Sunny on. Go to a different bar, and stay off of Yelp if you are that miserable and pathetic. Honestly, who has time to put pubes in a drink? Doesn't happen here.Mac's is a great place for many things.  They have lots of TV's so its great to watch games, etc. Large beer selection .  Really delicious bar-fare.  They have outside seating which is great for watching the people stroll by and friendly staff!  It's a welcoming place overall.While my boyfriend was getting a cheesesteak at Sonny's next door, I browsed the restaurant's menu to see if anything looked appealing. I thought several things did and went inside to ask that if both my boyfriend and I could sit outside together-- with my order and his cheesesteak. They told me no, which is understandable, so I ordered "to go" and sat at the bar to wait. I drank a diet coke, which turned out to be RC cola. When my chicken finally came, it had very little on the plate aside from chicken, despite the advertisement saying otherwise. The chicken, however, was pretty good, and the ambiance was neat. 
I also thought it was also a little expensive. I think I paid $12 for chicken, which seems like a lot at a pub, especially considering there wasn't else.Had to stop here considering Mac from Its Always Sunny owns it. Nice place. Good spot to watch a game or just chill. Didn't try the food though. Beer selection was pretty good.Last summer my now fiancé and I had a couple nights in Philly and couldn't decide where to go. We love finding local bars to have dinner. We found Mac's through one of our phone apps and decided to come here. My fiancé loves the show its always sunny and so we figured why not! I loved their selection of beer on tap, love trying something new when traveling! We ate dinner and it was delicious. 
We happened to be here for trivia night so we decided to play! Even though we may not have done so well, it was fun! 
We loved this place so much. We came back here on the end of our trip when we were back in Philly!Awesome food, good beer selection. My only complaint is they should really rename the Mac's macs to Mac's Famous Mac and Cheese. I think Dennis would appreciate it.So I, like most people, stumbled in due to the lore of the show. Actually, we made a trip across town to stumble in, but regardless, we made it. Yes, it is just a sports bar, and there isn't much hype or dazzle, but we were expecting a LITTLE bit better in the service department. We waited over 10 minutes (yes, I was timing) for someone to even acknowledge my girlfriend and I, then another 5 before our draught beers were brought out. After that, we had a couple friends join us and our server had practically disappeared. We had to flag down another server multiple times to place another drink order, which I figured would be getting shoveled our way. 
One thing that really struck me as odd was one of my friends ordered a whiskey on the rocks. 6 bucks, not bad... until we saw there was an addt'l charge of 1.50 for "rocks". Yes, seriously. A buck fifty for ice. Now, I know this is Philadelphia and it's my first time to the north east, but crap like that makes it want to be my last. On top of all of that, our server (who wasn't around, and it shows) actually gave us someone else's drinks on our table's bill. Had it not been for the keen eye of one of our friends, we would have started a nice date we didn't intend to finish.
The food was mediocre. The breading on the calamari was thick, almost like nothing I've had on seafood before. The wings were good, standard bar wings. That's it for food.
Overall, it was about a 2.5, but closer to the 2 stars rating. I'll probably give it another go if I'm back in town and see if the service has picked up at all.WINE IN A CAN- NO ONE WILL EVER KNOW. I CAN GESTURE AND NOT SPILL IT EVERYWHERE.
I love Mac's Tavern- and not only because I am a huge Always Sunny fan.
This place was like being at Paddy's Pub but it was cleaner, bigger and had tvs!
They had great food. I suggest trying the fish tacos on the app. menu. They are filling enough for a meal and cheap!
Good beer selection, nice looking crowd and the bartenders were great too!
Cheap pbr tall boys during Phillies game. This is a great addition to Olde CityFood is consistently good and tasty.  Quizzo on Wednesday nights is typically a fun time too.My wife and I were visiting Philly and we both wanted to check out this place since we are huge "Sunny" fans. It is safe to say that when we visit again we will definitely be stopping back! 
First off, the atmosphere is great. The scene is so chill and the music was fantastic. 
Secondly (and most importantly), the food. Chipotle-lime aioli dip for your fresh-cut fries?! I wish I could shower in that stuff forever! The food came in huge portions. I got Sweet D's Turkey BLT and it was awesome. My wife got a grilled chicken wrap and that was fantastic! Everything was amazing here. You definitely have to hit this place whether you're a fan of the show or not. Great food!Came here because my friend is a big It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia fan but it also turned out to have great food. The Red & White Chicken cutlet sandwich was excellent and the daily special and the serving ideal. My friends that had the short stack rib burger said it was among the best they've had. Excellent beer and drink choices and brilliant friendly service. Great place.Had to come here on my vacation to Philly - huge Always Sunny fan!! I loved that there were pictures of 'the gang' around the bar!
I didn't eat any food here because they didn't really have any gluten free options, but they did have gluten free beer and gluten free cider, so we had some drinks. Cool place to hang out and watch a game.This place sucks. And when I say sucks I mean BIG DONKEY BALLS sucks! I think that yelp owes me a start just for taking the time to write this. The bartenders think there doing me a favor by getting me a drink and "letting" me tip them. And they know nothing of the beer that there serving. Completely incompetent! Oh and the kitchen? Nuff said! People dont waste your time. I think Mac has some serious management/ownership issues. I guess with all that money you can afford to have a slezzy place!As a fan of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, I had to pay a visit to Mac's Tavern.  The service from the start, was similar to what I'd expect from Paddy's Pub in fact, like in Paddy's Pub there were hardly any patrons when I went.  The bartenders/wait staff looked over me didn't provide any service and I had to ask for everything a menu, first round of drinks etc.  Once service was provided and my order taken, it was very good and the staff was friendly. The staff informed me of various specials including a drink special for when the Phillies play which I took advantage of.  For food, I ordered Mac's Keilbasa which was a delicious kielbasa topped with mango chutney. The chutney I thought tasted like a McDonald's apple pie filling and I was shocked to find that the mix of kielbasa and the "apple pie" taste went great.  Other than the hick up in service at the beginning, I enjoyed my experience at Mac's and I recommend going.  If you're a fan of the show though there isn't much It's Always Sunny memorabilia.Mac's had to work very, very hard to earn that 3-star rating, and had to claw its way back up from a much lower one, at that.  While there is nothing really wrong going on here, something was just off .
Mac's prides itself on its large beer list which, while it is long, is not really that impressive if you know your beer.  Nothing on there is very unique, and the list is thinned out by the long section of humdrum domestics.  What microbrews they do have are not very impressive either.  While they do have a few hard to find beers, like the Old Speckled Hen, it's mostly made up of the larger, easily available beers.  Honestly, you can go almost anywhere these days for a Bells, Dogfishhead, or a Rogue.  Really, there is nothing WRONG with their section, but its nothing very clever, either.  Their large chalkboard beer list on the wall could use some updating as well.  Many of the choices were no longer available, and it sounds like they may have been gone for a while. 
I also wasn't terribly impressed with the waitstaff, but I did come around on this.  When we first sat down, our guy was a little odd, and gave off an attitude like he had much, much better things to do than listen to my questions about beers that he couldn't answer anyway.  For a weekday, and not a very busy one, either, he was very hard to get a hold of, and probably made it a point to avert his gaze when he walked by.  He did come around a little at the end.  When I was a little unsure on what to order, he gave me three very different samples of some of their best sellers to help me make my mind up.
So, if you're in the area, Mac's might not be a bad choice for the convenience.  The prices aren't outrageous for the types of beer they offer or the neighborhood in which they're selling them, and the food that my friends ordered looked pretty fantastic.  They seemed to enjoy it, and the sweet potato fries I snatched were pretty good.  Unless you got yourself a Groupon, like I did, it's not really worth the trip across town.  You could do better, but you could also do much, much worse.I'm a big fan of "It's Always Sunny" so naturally I had to go. I got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich which I would highly reccomend. I wish there was more memorabilia from the show but food and beer selection was great.Food and brews were excellent, wait staff friendly and interesting. I really like how this place runs in a part of town that can be pricey/snobby.Sadly ill be changing my review of this place to 2.5 stars....
Crab cake sandwich people.How do you mess up an It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia bar? Doesn't look like Paddy's Pub at all, and just has a few token photos of the cast on the wall. Are you kidding me? One of the saddest fan experiences I've ever had. What a scam! Rob McElhenney should be ashamed of himself.It's too cold to go out bare-chested. I get up and I put on my new blue merino wool hoodie that I have purchased from the Gap. It is new and it is perfect. It flows comfortably over my body and keeps me warmer than any blue merino wool hoodie has ever kept anyone warm before. I fawn over it in a way that can only be described as the love that hand model, Ellen Sirot, expressed for her hands to Katie Couric. Like Ellen and her hands, we are inseparable. 
Oh, we are good. The hoodie was on sale but together we are spectacular. We sit on the train to the city together and we walk to Mac's Tavern, padding and shunning the cold wind. We sit in the back of the bar and raise a hand to make a drinking gesture to the waiter that, in a different context, could land us in the back of a cop car. We make the gesture with such accuracy, and with such ridiculous beauty that the server surely knows to bring over a Jack and Coke without ever hearing a single word.
We await the arrival of our drink, in such an astounding fashion that my drinking buddies share the anguish and dire thirst. They wait too, looking around the room for the server to return. When he does, he douses the blue hoodie in Jack Daniels, stripping it of its perfect nature. The drink is too strong and garnished with a lemon. 
He does not look like a professional, like he never saw the inside of a bar prior to that moment. Patrons stop and stare at the spill. He walks away without ever saying a word. Later, he bumps into me and gets ketchup on the back of the tarnished hoodie. After continually ignoring my perfect requests for another drink and telling me to wait, he finally brings a second Jack and Coke. This one is devoid of liquor. He spills it on my hoodie, pants, and hand. Again, he walks away without ever saying a word. I sit and shake my head, gasping. No one has ever seen anything quite like it.
*Please don't sue me, David Eggers, for blatantly ripping you off.What a great find!
I stopped in for lunch. Nice selection on the menu. 
I ordered the Turkey BLT sandwich. Generous portions of turkey piled high on a bun. It came with a side of fresh cut fries. 
Quick and friendly service.This place blows. I took an out of town guest here. After 10 minutes of no bar service we left. The place was not crowded either. Judging by the clientele I'd say it gets a fairly high douche rating as wellSuch an awesome place to hang out. Went on Wednesday for trivia night, a blast. definitely recommend itAs a fan of It's Always Sunny, I had to come check out Mac's Tavern. It was a pretty standard bar with decent food, and everything was just a-ok.
We were seated but our waitress was not the friendliest, just enough to get the orders and job done. Perhaps it was because there seemed to be only 2 waitresses and quite a few customers. 
Drinks: meh, maybe we didn't get the best recommendations.. However, they were in full pint glasses, so that seemed to be a plus. Not very strong though
- Harvest Fizz: it basically tasted like an organic, herbal tea with bubbles. It was ok
- Chocolate Shake: tasted like a spiked chocolate milk. It was nice in the beginning but you get over it.
Food: portions were pretty big, and the food tasted good, too.
- Crabcakes: pretty decent. We got this since it was $2 off appetizers for weekend happy hour. It came with 3 pieces and several sauces. Good to share between 2 people.
- Coconut curry jerk chicken: I've been cutting on my carbs, so this was a good choice. The sauce was a bit sweet (as expected, I guess). The chicken was very juicy! I think there were like 4 pieces, so I couldn't finish it. I had the leftover the next day, and it was still pretty nice.
- Bourboner Steak Sandwich: my friend ordered this but I got to taste it. Meat was very sweet, but the sandwich was really loaded. I had the meat/cheese/mushroom/onion leftovers the next day, too, and still tasted good.Excellent service and the food, while a tavern, is fantastic. A great place to hit when heading toward or from Penn's Landing (about a block and a half away). We had a Caesar Salad to start. This was one of the best salads I think I've ever had, and the Burgers for the main course. Cooked to perfection, the choice of cheeses was an unexpected added touch. If your in the area and get that growl in the pit of your gut, you'd be a fool to pass up Mac's. My compliments to the Chef.OK, I've been here once and I think I'm going to love this place!  Stopped by just before happy hour and sat at the bar.  I perused the amazing variety of beers.  The bartender was pleasant and knowledgeable.  The only thing better would be if he was the opposite sex and gorgeous.  But hey, you can't have everything!
The place was just starting to fill up.  It was an interesting mix of blue collar, white collar, and the occasional tourist.  There was even a couple sitting at a table with a beautiful Labrador retriever at their feet. 
Although I was at the bar, I was watching the wait staff work.  They appeared to be friendly and efficient.  Always a good thing.  
My beers were great.  Yelpers have commented on the fries so I ordered a plate.  I urge you to do the same.  They are really excellent.  The small size was a meal for me.  They have a large.  It scares me to think about it!
I can't wait to come back for more great beer and to try some of the food.After multiple lunch visits, I must increase my rating and add another star. The place is great; sandwiches are awesome (try the veggie burger with bacon--that's no typo!). They've also started having a "specials" menu. We had some spicy, super tasty gazpacho last week. 
Service is always prompt and attentive, they are always playing great tunes from the 90s. I would love to spend the whole afternoon there, but alas...there's work to be done.Usually go for quizzo on Wednesday nights. Great specials, good food. The hot wings are delicious. Pat the quizzo host always does a great job with questions that typically pertain to music, sports and movies. My only complaint is that it is a nightmare trying to get a table for a large group. They are not very accommodating and will not put tables together. The waiter wouldn't even move a chair over to seat 5 people at a 4 person table. Besides that, the  great beer specials and tasty food keep me coming back.Stopped in for a beer and lunch while playing tourist in Philadelphia for the weekend. Had the sausage and peppers special that was alright, but nothing to write home about. They offer poutine as an appetizer, and when I asked for gravy on the fries that accompanied my sandwich I was outright refused. The fries were not that good plain and the service was pretty bad until the shift change. I'll not be stopping back next time I'm in the historic district.I bought my sister to Mac's Tavern when she visited Philadelphia and the whole experience was great. Drinks we served fast, fairly priced, and each of the beers were in the appropriate glasses, which is not a must, but deserves high marks for the attention to detail. 
Also, if you are a fan of Always Sunny in Philadelphia, it is the best place to watch each episode EVERY Thursday. LOVE IT!the skinny bartender is the rudest and slowest guy in the city. I dont even know why this guy is a bartender since it seems like he hates his job, He's either on the phone half the time or staring into space. Food is good and the chubbier older bartender is cool. They need to get rid of skinner lamer replace him with a pretty girl or someone more friendly.