hmm deep fried balls. This was my first venture with takoyaki and I love Japanese food of any kind, so needless to say I was excited. I ordered the original and was served 6 deep fried balls of goodness. They were tasty, albeit doughy, but left a greasy aching not so fresh feeling. I needed to be drunk to really appreciate the grease. Since it was my first venture I'll say its worth a try, but buyer beware they're super heavy for being small balls of dough. 
The curry chicken I had was a bit disappointing. I scarfed it down thanks to my near state of starvation, but found the roux too rich for my taste. Its worth another trip for japanese fast food- one of my faves and sorely lacking in the city, but its certainly not the best I've had...The dancing bonito flakes are a lovely effect as the sizzling takoyaki make them sway. Take a second to soak in the presentation. No but really take a second. Don't be like impatient me who bites into molten takoyaki, disregarding all warnings and good sense! I knew better, but I do these things constantly with pizza slices, and with delicious Japanese street food snacks, evidently.
I am a fan of Maru's savory ping pong-ball-sized pancakes, filled with pickled red ginger, scallions and octopus. Takoyaki, handmade while you wait, eight of them are served up nice and hot... A golden steamin plate of takoyaki, covered in shavings of dried bonito, nori, a drizzle of tonkatsu sauce. It's a really great snack, and you know I love a little nosh to share "on the way" here or there. I need incentives and rewards for everything. The spicy octopus variety with a little shichimi mayo fits the bill quite nicely.
Also, after peering at the Maru ball cooking process, I am sure that I now really want a nice cast iron takoyaki pan for my very own, to add to my stockpile of kitchen paraphernalia. In addition, just want to note that I love Maru Global's red lanterns with the cute octopus fella on em... My house needs some of those too, because I can't stop hanging decorations from my ceiling. I can not stop.
A really nice couple run this very tiny shop of wonderful authentic Japanese bites. I'll be back and back and back.Yummy takoyaki! Finally I found a Japanese restaurant in Philadelphia area that isn't a sushi / tempura joint!
Went there last Saturday, ordered 2 type of tako balls. Original and BBQ flavor. Both in octopus.. since the real takoyaki supposed to be only using octopus as its' meat. But they have other choices of meat in case you don't eat octopus. Like chicken, beef and such.
1 order of takoyaki consist of 6 balls, cost around $5. Both are very yummy, though I like the original more.
I will definitely go back for more and try on their Yakisoba.
Make sure you put one hour on your parking meter if you order more than just one kind. It took 20 minutes for 2 orders of different flavor takoyaki.
I didn't see the problem with super heavy dough or some sort which encountered by other yelpers though. I think everything just perfect!Service: outstanding (five stars).  We were there on a quiet day for lunch.
Price: very reasonable (five stars)
Food: pretty darn good. (four stars) I loved all the bonito on top of my spicy order, and while other reviewers say they're gummy/doughy, I really didn't mind them that way.  This was my first experience, though, so maybe they're less gummy elsewhere?
Atmosphere: meh.  There's not much to the place.
Presentation: two stars.  We had lunch there, and my soup came out in a to-go container on a plate meant to stay in the restaurant.  My takoyaki came out in a styrofoam take-out container, even though we had clearly said we were eating here.  I get that most of their food is probably to go, but is it that hard to keep a handful of bowls and plates around for the food being consumed within the establishment?I love takoyaki (octopus balls) and okonomiyaki (Japanese pancake) and almost always jump at the chance to order these when I can.  Sadly, Maru Global doesn't know how to make either.  
I came here for dinner a while back and when I left, the remains of a half-eaten okonomiyaki lay on the table.  I am a beastly pig, and this for me, is kind of unheard of.  They aren't terribly well staffed here (at least when I came with a group of about 7), so if you order all at once in a large group, it takes quite a while for people to get to eat.  
But on the food side, I ordered an okonomiyaki, and what I got was a pancake with a grainy, doughy texture, that was incredibly oversalted.  The consistency of the takoyaki was similarly off although I can't put my finger on what exactly was wrong.  Anyway, suffice it to say that I've had plenty of great octopus balls and Japanese pancakes elsewhere (like in New York, you can find this in the East Village in the form of Yakitori Taisho or, my fav, Otafuku, or in Philly there's Yakitori Boy).  This place just doesn't cut it, and I'm certain I won't be coming back.Philly's only Takoyaki source is great. So as long as you don't mind eating Japanese food cooked by a Japanese man because his wife is American like Jane, then you will love Maru. It's cheap and BYOB. Definitely try their dessert  ballsTakoyakis are traditionally cheap Japanese street food, they are pretty much soft dough balls with a piece of octopus in the middle. It's fun, cute and chewy. One would think that it's hard for a specialty eatery like Maru Global to get by, I mean let's face it, Americans are not know for trying stuff that they are not familiar with and how can you really sustain a shop that only specializes in one thing? Though, Maru Global succeeded in breaching the gap between the familiar with the unknown. 
Other than offering the traditional takoyaki, they expanded the concept by offering the choice of chicken and beef in addition to octopus. They also offer pizza balls, cheesesteak balls, spicy shrimp balls, crabcake balls, as well as dessert ones like chocolate banana balls. Other than balls, they also offer curry fries/rice/burritos, yakisobas, miso soup, salad and other little Japanese food and drinks.
The decor is clean, the air conditioning can be upgraded. The portions are a little small. The food itself tastes ok but it's nothing stellar. I keep on wishing there's some kind of okonomiyaki or yakitoris that would make the meal more substantial. Of all the balls, I enjoy the traditional one the best. Their presence is a welcome change for the food scene for sure but I'm not sure a snack food place would work in the States when the motto here is the bigger the better. 
I wish them the best.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!! Their food is delicious, fresh, and cheap. Also, they give a 20% discount to Jeff students if you pay in cash.
The place is run by a husband and wife, Nicole and Ryo, who are sweet and amazing cooks. I've been averaging 2 lunches a week here, and I don't see that changing anytime soon. Make sure to stop by and support this great family-owned business!!
Yakisobi, the "balls", the noodles, everything is yummmy.The Boyfriend and I are huge fans of burritos and Japanese curry separately, but when we found that Maru Global makes a Japanese curry burrito, the opportunity was too irresistible to pass up.
The beef curry burrito was amazing to bite into -- a nice creamy, spiced curry with carrot and potato.  Who would've known a combination of burrito and Japanese curry was so delicious?  Apparently the chef here at Maru Global whom we had a chance to meet as he was flattered when we took photos of his work.
Completely ignoring how full we were, we also tried its namesake takoyaki.  The spicy shrimp tasted so good and completely melted in your mouth it almost seemed sinful.This place had great tako yaki. My friend recommended it and I had some.  It was really good. This place needs a little more polish with service and needs to be a little more unique. Its a little like Tampopo but it's not necessarily a bad thing. Once this improves and shapes up a little, it would be a little betterThe takoyaki balls were one of my food adventures for the summer.  I first tried them in June and I loved them.  Went back in July with my wife and I continued to love them.  Went back a few days ago and probably had the best takoyaki in 3 visits.  I liked them all.  The octupus, spicey shrimp and the sweet and sour were my favorites.  The crab c ake and the barbecue were also done well.  I think the chef- owner works hard to please his customers.  His wife is very friendly, easy going and aims to please.
We also tried the yakosobi noodles, which were good.  The Japanese potato salad was very good.
I think it is an interesting place, small and quaint.  The food is very different from any other restaurant.  
Be adventuresome and take a trip to the streets of Japan.Maru Global is apparently an average starting point for those who have never experienced takoyaki- however I admit that I've gotten a few raw ones on occassion.
Also the food is not exactly cheap, the decor sucks and size of the place leave a lot to be desired.Such a tremendous value for lunch. $5 for veggie curry, miso soup, and a beverage. That deal can't be beat, even at McDonalds. And this is better than McDonalds. 
I also LOVE the grain salad.
They have changed their menu a number of times since opening, and it could still use some simplification, but they seem to be getting closer and closer to the right mix of items. I'm excited to try the sandwiches.When I heard that a takoyaki place was opening up in Philly, I was ecstatic to see what they tasted like outside of my freezer burt version I get from H Mart. But I think the word "aight" is more appropriate in this case than "A-OK". I ordered the Japanese burrito bento, and the Philly cheesesteak Maru Balls.
I'm not sure what was supposed to be in that burrito, but it tasted like a whole lot of rice with a helping of salty paste stuffed in the corner. The bento also came with your standard salad w/ ginger dressing, and a MASSIVE helping of [rather mediocre] potato salad, of all things. The dessert takoyaki was dough with chocolate sauce inside it, I might have liked it better if it had some kind of frosting or sweet dip to balance out the bitterness, but that's just personal preference. I did appreciate the 2 pieces of Hi-Chew though. :)
I was more pleased with the cheesesteak. Another dish that's "aight" on it's own, but once I drizzled some ketchup over them they were perfect. I still want to try their take on traditional takoyaki, but I'm not in any hurry to get another one of those bentos. If you need a larger meal for lunch, get a larger order of the Maru Balls.
Also, I was almost shocked when I saw what I saw upon entering, this place needs a serious dose of feng shui!!My takoyaki balls were woefully inadequate: it was an undercooked, doughy gelatinous mass with exactly two minuscule pieces of octopus randomly hidden in two of the twelve balls in my order.  What was in the rest of the balls? Nothing but the undercooked, doughy gelatinous mass.
The gyudon rice bowl?  It looked like canned cat food over a haphazard pile of rice.  It was slightly more edible than the "Maru ball."
Finally a comment on nomenclature - there is nothing global about the offerings here.  In fact it represents a niche subclass of Japanese street fare.  As the sole representative of this genre of food in Philly, I wish it could have made a better showing.aww c'mon guys!  I can only compare to what i have enjoyed in manhattan at Otafuku, so I'd say Maru Global is pretty spot on, at least with the traditional octopus option.  The people are really very nice too.  Here's a pointer...done bite down right away!  Let them sit for a good minute, and the residual heat keep working..hence, no doughy interior.
anyways, i wish them the best of luck, and once in a while im gonna stop in and get myself an order while i'm on a walkJust had my first order of takoyaki...ordered a big mess of different types (original shrimp, cheesesteak, and sweet n' sour miso beef) all of which were fantastic. I'm actually sad that they're gone right now - if I had known they were this good, I would have gotten more or savored the experience longer.
I only got it delivered, so I can't comment on the in-restaurant experience, though I plan on changing that soon. Wait was probably 25-30 minutes after 8 PM on a weekday night. But worth the wait, for sure. Highly recommended, and I look forward to trying more from Maru in the near future.First of all, I'm not dissappointed; but i searched for a sushi bar nearby and got this from yelp. They do not serve sushi.
But the unique japanese dishes are awesome. I recommend the tofu salad and the french fries are awesome!Maru Global for lunch - we had Octopus Takoyaki and Japanese Curry Rice and Yakisoba. The portions were generous and the flavors were interesting and delicious. The presentation of the food was great as well. HOWEVER, the whole atmosphere of the restaurant isn't that great for a dine-in. The chairs were rocking....we didn't have water (didn't know if we had to go get it on our own or if they were serving it)... and we didn't have the menu until 10 minutes after we sat down because they were just printing it out. I understand since they were just opening for the lunch hour but still. We were just sitting there, starving, with no water and no menu to look at. 
It's a cool Japanese restaurant to try - there are more to Japanese food than just sushi/sashimi ;)This is a review for delivery service only.
Or rather, lack thereof.
Last night, we placed a $40 order for various goodies at approximately 6:30pm. Their website stated that Maru was open until 9pm on Wednesdays, and that they deliver within a 3 mile radius (we're in Center City and well within that range).
7:30 rolls around. 8pm rolls around. We finally call--and the phone rings, rings, and finally goes to an answering machine, which helpfully confirms their hours (and that they should be open). We call about six or seven times in the next half our, in the blind hope they're just really busy.
Not so much.
By 8:30 we gave up hope, and ordered from our local Chinese place. The icing on the cake will be if they charge our card (they don't open--if they open at all--until 11am today, purportedly).Finally! I have been waiting for Maru to open and serve me so I could get in on Philly's version of takoyaki- dough balls filled with octopus. This is legitimately one of my favorite foods. I have been so frustrated every day this week, stopping in and finding them still not open. Somehow they are not serving octopus yet... tried the spicy shrimp, I can't complain, I love this stuff so much, but it could have used a bit more grill time. Still 6 balls for 3.25 is a great price for a snack. Get it together guys, I will be your biggest fan!I eat here 2 to 4 times each week.  The octopus salad, octopus maru balls, and the yakisoba are great.  They make for great lunches - I do the yakisoba and one of the others and it's about 10 bucks.  
All that said, I have been underwhelmed by the curry burrito and the don mono.  
Note that delivery can take well over an hour at lunch times.  
As for the interior, get over it.  The guy is cooking street food and the vast majority of people do takeout or delivery.  Most importantly, the place is very clean.I ordered take out from here last night for the first time.  I had seen this place on NBC a while ago and read a few of the reviews, so I decided to give it a shot. I ordered the traditional octopus and the traditional shrimp balls as well as the chocolate chip desert balls to complete the meal.  I thought everything tasted fantastic!  Of the two savory, I enjoyed the shrimp ones the most.  They had a lot of flavor and really fun to eat!  By the photos I saw here I thought the balls themselves would be bigger, but just as the guy at the counter described, they are the size of a ping pong ball.  Very fun to eat and since they are smaller you can try lots of different kinds.  The chocolate chip ones were amazing too.  He tossed them in powdered sugar and were served with an icing on the side to dip them in.  It was warm, chocolaty, and delicious! While I was waiting they let me sample the special red bean dessert ones as well.  They were amazing!  I think I will order them next time if they are still on special.  I am a big fan of red beans for dessert and with the powdered sugar on top just made them perfect!  The people who work there are super friendly and very helpful for a first-timer like myself.  I will certainly be back to check out the other flavors!I had these Gooey Japanese Balls of delight and they were delicious.  You will have to stick with that description because I forget what they are called.  And the man running the counter was very helpful.  
One problem with this place - the menu looks like it was designed by someone with no graphics skills.  The menu is all over the place.   I just gave up and asked the young man at the counter to order for me.  
If you are going to market or sell something - take the guess work out of ordering.  I could not make any sense out of the menu.   
Go for it and have fun!TAKOYAKI!!  It's carbo-octo-riffic!
Maru does a decent job at takoyaki.  It's one of the better places I've tried outside of Japan.  The chef also likes to reinterpret Japanese street foods, delivering unique dishes like curry fries with Japanese style curry (yum) or Philly cheesesteak takoyaki (can't say I've tried that one). The crab cake balls are addictive:  delicious, succulent lump crab in a crispy bite-sized package. 
One tip: Takoyaki is best eaten fresh and piping hot, so plan to either dine in or carry your tasty treats over to the Jefferson lawn (10th & Locust) for a picnic.Like everyone else, I was impressed and surprised at Maru Global entering the Philly food fray- takoyaki isn't the best-known snack, and Philly can be hard on speciality places. But these guys have truly got the goods: great food and great prices, a friendly attitude, and creativity! There are already plenty of spots to grab a greasy cheesesteak, so this place is a welcome (and delicious) change of pace.
I've ordered delivery several times, but went in yesterday for a sit-down meal. Between three people, we got an order of the Sweet & Sour Miso balls, an order of the Spicy Shrimp, and a classic takoyaki. We also settled on the curry fries (SO GOOD) and ended up splitting the dessert special of the day- Snickerdoodle balls, with a side of whipped cream and chocolate sauce! In total, it was about 22 bucks and totally filled us up. First, I have to remark on the presentation- a lot of care is put into those little takoyaki! The food is cute and nicely arranged, with sauce, scallions, and bonito carefully laid over top. Their texture (a little crisp on the outside, doughy on the inside) is delightful, especially when they're fresh and hot. The curry fries were topped with onions and smelled heavenly- they tasted even better. Their curry is definitely slow-simmered and has a rich, beefy flavor, lots of carrots and potatoes. Dessert was also terrific; the melting chocolate chips inside the Snickerdoodles, wow!
It's a small location but very clean, bright, and cheerful. You can find green tea, iced tea and lots of other drinks in the back cooler, plus a second small cooler full of fresh salads and other snacks. Their daily specials mix things up a bit, and everything is basically under ten bucks. I've tried their take-out lunches as well: for around eight bucks, you can grab a rice bowl with curry or chicken, beef, etc., plus a salad, miso soup, and a drink. Can't beat that- everyone at work was jealous of my gorgeous lunch when it showed up!
This place is also well-located to grab a quick round of takoyaki after you've been up the street having a beer. I wish Maru Global a bright future in this town, because my cravings for takoyaki are not going to go away anytime soon.***MARU GLOBAL IS NOW TOKIO GLOBAL AND HAS MOVED NEXT TO HEAD HOUSE CAFE. SAME GREAT FOOD!***
I've been to Maru Global a bunch of times- at first, when they just opened, their menu was limited and seemingly dependent on their "balls", which aren't terrible but are a little heavy for lunches. Now, they have seriously expanded their menu and include the balls options, which I recommend all of the dessert ones, the crab balls are also amazing.
I usually get the Chicken Yakisoba lunch special, which is $5 and also comes with a water or tea and soup or salad- a great deal! I originally ordered the Beef Curry Burrito, but then I walked by the grill and saw the yakisoba cooking and immediately changed my order to include some of that deliciousness- stir fried ramen noodles with cabbage, onion, carrot, bean sprouts, ao nori and red ginger in a tonkatsu sauce! For only $5 I got my chicken yakisoba, miso soup and a water, plus the laid back atmosphere, chill music, and friendly owner/chef made it easy to want to go back. My friend got the beef curry fries and was also very happy. 
I think I'll try dinner next- panko crusted wild harame or katsu curry? Maybe one of each with a glass of wine...I think I read they had free wine, which I totally believe cause last time I was there I got a free apricot-infused mojito for free. Apparently the female owner who also works tirelessly was a bartender and so she likes to mix free drinks for customers (they are a BYOB). Every time I go here, I like it more and more and everyone I bring here agrees it's a great noodle fix and interesting find! I gave it another star in this updated version of my review cause they won it fair and square!Disclaimer: this was for carryout
I can only blame myself for wanting to eat gyudon on a Saturday night, and leaving no choice but Maru Global.  There is a 1% chance I'll be back.
Good(s):
Regular Takoyaki - It was okay, but I give it the benefit of the doubt because it's my first time with takoyaki
Chocolate chip balls - If not for these delicious little desserts, 
Bad(s):
Chicken Katsu - Thick, dry, disappointing.
Miso Soup - meh
Crab cake balls - Don't get these, you'll regret it.  
Shrimp balls - Bland, mushy, meh
Gyudon - Bland, dry beef.  Average quality rice.
Don't you hate when you really want to like some place and they just come up short?  I really really do.
But if somehow they start making really good Japanese street food, someone please let me know.  I've nowhere to go to fulfill those needs.It was my first time here and I got takoyaki, beef curry, korokke, original okonomiyaki, and also free choco balls since I ordered over $25. 
Takoyaki - I liked it! It was good and flavorful, and there were actual substantial chunks of octopus inside of it (unlike Yakitori Boy where there was barely any octopus inside of their takoyaki).
Beef Curry - I decided to order it without the katsu this time to save money, but oh gosh. This was my favorite dish. It was SO GOOD! Exactly how I like my Japanese curry. It had a very deep flavor (not sure how to explain it in English), with a slight smoky sweet BBQ-like taste. It tastes somewhat similar in style to the curry at GoGo Curry in NYC. I ordered a small for $6, and it is definitely enough for one meal, especially if you decide to order other things with it. This dish is wonderful, I highly recommend it if you are a person that likes curry. It is hard to get curry like this in Philadelphia, and I'm glad I found this place.
Korokke - Essentially they are potato croquettes, and they provide tonkatsu dipping sauce. The korokke themselves were pretty alright. The crunchy exterior was very good, the inside of potatoes, beef (very little beef, mind you), and onions was decent but not extraordinary. Could potentially be better if the potatoes were more aromatic and flavorful. I found that tonkatsu sauce incredibly salty, so I barely dipped the korokke with it. This is my first time having tonkatsu sauce, so I'm not sure if that's really how it's supposed to be like.
Octopus okonomiyaki - I ordered this for take out. It was not terrible, but they forgot to put the sauces on top of mine... so it was a little bland. Also it tasted a little too gingery for my liking. Hopefully next time they don't forget the sauce and it might taste better?
Chocolate balls - The balls themselves are pretty average, essentially like unsweetened dough cooked with bits of chocolate and then rolled in chocolate powder of some sort.  But they serve it to you with whip cream dipping, and that makes them really good to eat!
Sadly the place is mainly more focused on take-out than sit-in since there is very little seating in the restaurant. I think there were about 4-6 small tables that fit 2 people each, and at the time I went all tables except one were taken by a group doing a BYO. 
Overall my experience here was quite good, except for the fact that they forgot to put the sauces on top of my okonomiyaki. Food for the most part is good, and the closest to authentic Japanese food you can get from almost any other Philly Japanese restaurant. (The restaurant is actually owned by a real Japanese person, rather than most other "Japanese" food places in Philly.) The couple staff they have working the place are also really nice and pleasant. I REALLY loved the curry and will be going back for it and some of their other interesting eats as well.Never had takoyaki before, but saw lots of videos on YouTube, so when my persistent googling of "tacoyaki" resulted in Maru Global, I was thrilled.  Salivating for fried squid ball goodness, I ordered up a batch.  Fresh off the griddle, I had to wait until the little guys were cool enough to eat (hee, hee, "little guys").  The first bite proved mushy to the point of undercooked and somewhat devoid of flavor..  Frownie face.  My hopes dashed, I hought maybe this is the way its supposed to be, but judging from comments by folks here who've had other experiences, it seems that tthis place just don't make a good ball.
Maybe the griddle is too hot or the batter recipe needs adjustment?  Hope they improve.If you believe street food is the essential expression of a culture -- or "Truth in Street Carts" -- then you have to hit up Maru Global.  Their takoyaki, which are tiny spheres of crepe batter stuffed with octopus, shrimp, cheesesteak, tofu, etc., have never before been seen in Philadelphia, and I only know of one place in NYC that griddles them up.
My fave here is the spicy octopus version, topped with spicy Kewpie mayo and bonito flakes that dance and sway atop the molten Maru balls. Like pancakes, french fries and crepes, these do not travel well -- I'd recommend snagging one of the little tables and eating in.  You can also pick up fun Japanese candies when you're done your meal, but the dessert chocolate Maru balls doused in whipped cream are a more decadent bet. 
Not much atmosphere here -- but come on, it's street food!  Don't put des cartes before the horse.Along with a small mob of people, I waited/killed time outside Maru Global for about 40 mins past when the sign on the front said it was going to open today for its grand opening.  My friend and I were extremely excited to try the takoyaki balls and other Japanese street foods that beckoned to us from behind the glass.  
We ordered the yakisoba noodles, a large order of original takoyaki balls to split, and the Japanese curry burrito.  While the noodles came out piping hot and fresh, but actually a little too salty, the takoyaki balls were luke warm once they got to our table, which greatly took away from their delicious potential.  Pleasantly, the flavors of the crepe-y batter, octopus, ginger, sauce, and bonito flakes were in savory harmony in my mouth, that only wished the temperature and slight crisp were still there.  My friend got the Japanese curry burrito, and basically said that it was mostly white rice with little curry.  I would say just get the Beef curry Don mono (rice bowl) instead, because it's probably the same thing without a tortilla wrapping.
They also serve everything in to-go style containers, and though I know the food is Japanese street food inspired, if you are not taking the food to go, it would be nice to eat off a real plate with a real fork. 
I'll cut some slack cause it seemed like an extremely hectic opening day-- we got our meal with an I.O.U (and the promise we would return) because the credit card machine was not working. 
The prices are good especially for a quick lunch or snack. I will be back, to pay the I.O.U, and hopefully, to try the balls again and more offerings when they are in the groove of things! (and my rating will change accordingly!)
EDIT: I came by here again today trying to get lunch at around 12:30, when the sign on the front said they were open. I waited outside again for a few minutes watching all the people hustling around inside and not acknowledging the bunch of people waiting outside. HELLO? They need to get their act together. Our group left and went to the new Shinju Sushi, Fat Salmon, which is so nice btw!This is my spot for on the go noodles.  They can make them spicy, delicious and fast.  A lot of the menu flair is soups, rice, and noodle dishes and they are portioned appropriately for one person to leave full but not in pain.  
I really like how they can add enough siracha and other spices to give the meal zing - you'll also get pink ginger strips with your dish to clean your pallate.  I love how their dishes don't leave that "we never clean our grill or wok" residue in your mouth.  
Last time I stopped in for a cup of noodles to go, it took me back a to a Tokyo visit, walking through the city on a dreary, rainy day, enjoying spicy noodles as I strolled down concrete sidewalks with an interchange of city smells on my way to work.  Just right.This review is solely for the takoyaki.  It is pretty good here.  For about $7, you get 8 of these small japanese griddled delicacies.  The most authentic ones are the squid ones.  There was a fair amount of octopus in it, and the other flakes on top reminds me how much i love japanese street food. 
My minor gripe is that it little annoying that they charge extra for japanese mayo. i mean its only $.50 but i guess its the principle? My favorite takoyaki place in nyc (otafuku) generously puts on all the sauces!  But given that we are in philly and there aren't many other alternatives, this place is solid.  I'd really recommend any takoyaki (or japanese street food) lovers to come try this place out.
Oh, if you eat it within minutes of receiving your order, be careful. they  come out piping hot, especially the insides!  Also, they make them on the spot so pre-ordering will save you about 15 minutes, which is how long I waited.tried them out for the first time at the night market last night...wanted to do the takoyaki but the line was wayyyy tooo long for that..so I ordered the curry burrito...wow not good at all...will give them another shot in the future.Came here to try the takoyaki. Got the bbq octopus and original shrimp. Ordered pumpkin curry with rice, which came out first. Bad idea! The curry was really good and filling (would love to try and make this at home kind of yummy) that I hardly had room left for the takoyaki. The texture of the takoyaki was not what I expected. It was kinda too mushy to my liking, but flavor was good. Also tried to panko-crusted wild harame. Tasted good with the spicy mayo dipping sauce. Fries were extra large and tasty. Homemade green tea is always a plus :)
Would def return to this family run joint. Lady that took our order was very helpful. Excited try out the other goodies on the menuSince my first review, which was written when they first opened, my view of Maru Global has changed for the better! I work at Jefferson and have lunch at Maru Global at least once a month. This is really the only thing I come here for...
Their lunch specials are pretty sweet, coming with a drink, entree and salad or soup for only $5 (and change depending on which entree). The entrees are also made to order, very quickly, right in front of your eyes.
I usually get the chicken Yakisoba, basically a Japanese lo mein dish; the noodles are fresh, they use free range chicken and they have really perfected the balance of flavors. Love the salty pickled ginger served alongside.
The house made iced green tea is also a highlight of lunches here.
The salad is standard, but always fresh.
As far as lunch deals in center city go, I couldn't recommend Maru Global more!When I read about this takoyaki place, I had to give it a try, hoping to have a comparable Otafuku in NYC right here in Philly. It hardly compares, sadly. Maru Global is going to have to work harder on making takoyaki taste more than soft flour balls drizzled in Japanese bbq sauce (they missed out of the Jap mayo). I was not too keen on the Philly Cheesesteak Maru Balls. Still, it is a good start for Philly . . . 
If you have not tried Otafuku in NYC, I recommend that you do. It is a hole in the wall, only 3 standing room to make your order. They have a limited menu - takoyaki, okonomiyaki or yakisoba - all perfected. You get your order on paper plates to go or eat standing outside.Dirty, slow, and under-staffed (though friendly).  Food's ok, nothing to write home about.Very interesting and affordable menu. The balls are delicious and I haven't come across other places that offer them. Highly recommend the octopus balls.Went there for a quick dinner. They did not have the veggie curry, so they offered me the meat kind! It was really great. I really enjoyed the Japanese style curry and the set up of the restaurant (open kitchen) it smelled great in there! We also had the chicken teryiaki was great. All the little sauces were great.Have you ever made zucchini or pumpkin bread that looked really great until you cut into it and discovered the center was a dense glob of undercooked dough? Unfortunately, that's the best way to describe the consistency of the takoyaki we were served the second day they were open. A week later nothing had changed.
Adding to my disappointment was the long wait we experienced to receive such a lackluster final product. For a place that's serving Japanese street food waiting twenty to thirty minutes to get your food just doesn't work. 
I really do hope they can get their act together. Takoyaki would be a great addition to the Philadelphia food scene. If you've survived for another month I'll give you another try.Reading some of the reviews on here is why I've been using yelp less and less to decide where to go.  I actually saw someone who admittedly does not like Japanese street food giving a place that serves Japanese street food a low rating.  I'm not seeing the sense in this.  If you don't like a particular type of food, or you don't know how it is supposed to be and is not what you expect, that does not make a place that serves that type food a poor establishment.   But so goes the world these days....
Maru Global sells a mix of Japanese street food (yakisoba, Japanese curry, etc), but their highlight is Takoyaki.   They serve not just the traditional octopus and trad. sauce, but also do a bit of Takoyaki-fusion (I'm assuming this is the "global" in their name).  I have had the spicy shrimp, traditional octopus, miso with tofu, and the bbq, also with shrimp.  I have had a few dessert balls as well, the red bean and the chocolate.  Everything was very good, my only holdup was the bbq.  The sauce dominated the flavor too much.  The traditional took me back to Osaka, but I think the miso was my favorite.  They also have vegan options, and they have crabcake, cheesesteak and pizza varieties which I have not tried.
A bit about the balls themselves... contrary to what some reviews on here suggest, the balls ARE NOT UNDERCOOKED.  They are made with Yamaimo in the batter, a staple Japanese ingredient that is gelatious... it's very good, though unfortunately is strange at first for many American palates.  
I have had the Yakisoba, which was excellent, and they have a few salads which I am going to try.  There is not a whole lot of seating inside, and it can be cramped, but I've never had a time where I didn't get a seat.  The prices are also reasonable.  Overall, Maru Global is a good representative of Takoyaki in Philadelphia.  Just wonder what took so long to get one here!Had takoyaki before many times (Otufuku in East Village NYC, also in Hong Kong and China) so I knew what to expect.
Solid octopus, I think I had tofu as well.  Tasty treats.What attracted me to this restaurant was their cheap lunch specials. Soup or salad with the entree and an included drink all for about 6 bucks. Good deal but as for the food it was only okay to me. I ordered their special pumpkin curry rice. It was okay but maybe im not used to that type of curry.  It was thick and thought it could of used more veggies in it. They have brown rice as an option as well which is awesome! But maybe it was the day I went - it was a little overcooked. Would I go back here again to try their other entrees? Probably. Their other stuff looks good.I've been three times. Had the burrito, the spicy balls in a bento box, and one more thing, I forget. Went on a friday night and by chance learned they had free wine and it was lit up so nicely. Dont forget to get your chocolate balls before you leave!It was a rare Monday I was in the office and not traveling to someplace where Asian food means Chinese.  I thought about trying Jay's Sushi as the reviews are good, but Jamie S. had liked Maru, and I pretty much trust her food opinion above most others. 
Well unfortunately I don't share the same opinion on Maru Global.  I decided to try a few dishes -- Sesame vinaigrette on salad?  Sounds great -- and the salad itself was the highlight of the meal.  But a vinaigrette by definition should emulsify, and not just be a loose combination of sesame oil and vinegar.  Oh well.  
Beef curry looked promising -- but was completely oversalted.  Now I like salty food and I found this really difficult to eat.  Even bites of beef, while very tender, reminded me of that unfortunate taste of Dead Sea water. 
So two orders of Takoyaki.  I decided to go far from classic -- after my Falafel Factory experience, I realized I need to be open to the unexpected.  Pizza? Worth a shot.  And with vegan cheese???  Well this was a mistake as the soggy dough was completely devoid of flavor.  Had the balls had a bit of a crisp, I might have forgiven them, but alas...no.   The Chicken cheesesteak balls were promising, what with a little bit of hoisin(?) and a really good cotjia cheese.  And a couple of them were REALLY good.  And a couple of them had no flavor -- not enough cheese and no sauce.  While I am craving the two really good ones, the four not-so-good balls made me concerned about the consistency of Maru.
I really wanted to like Maru, but alas, this was not a match meant to be...i was superexcited about maru global's entry presence on the philly food scene; japanese street food - woohooo yes! i like that it's casual decor/seating and you can actually see the cooks frying up the takoyaki balls, and the service was great, but i still didn't love this place.  
i guess what surprised me was that their takoyaki was mostly just okay, even though their other dining options seemed to taste a lot better. i mean, if your signature dish is takoyaki.... shouldn't that be really memorable and tasty? i'm just saying.  
WHAT WE ATE
*octopus takoyaki
i found the octopus takoyaki to be a bit too mushy and really found myself wishing that they had used larger pieces of octopus, but still - a pretty good option. i would say, though, that i prefer the takoyaki at yakitori boy even though these at maru global are certainly more authentic. what can i say - i really dislike mushy dough? 
*crabcake balls 
i could have done without. they weren't anything special at all, just standard crabcakes, but the fries that accompanied them were pretty stellar. definitely skip these because even from a basic crabcake standpoint, they weren't memorable.
*beef curry burrito
This was definitely the best of the dinner items we had. the curry was smoky and beef was tender and it had just enough rice to be filling and balance out the saltiness of the meat/sauce. PH claims he would get this at least once every three weeks if it were closer to him. i don't know about that frequency, but i'd definitely order this again.
*almond chocolate takoyaki
we knew the dessert takoyaki were supposed to be great, but i was surprised by how much i enjoyed these almond chocolate ones. they come with fresh whipped cream on the side, which i abstained from (bleh) but PH spooned up enough to more than make up for it. we need to go back for the chocolate chip dessert takoyaki. honestly, i couldn't really taste the chocolate in them, but they were still pretty awesome.
so definitely get the curry burrito and dessert. the octopus takoyaki are worth a try if you really need to decide for yourself. Plus, they have ben open for a few months now... perhaps they have improved their batter/fry technique ...?They were really nice and the food was very good.
Picture this, you're out at a street fair and you're hungry and need to use the bathroom.  In you walk into Maru Global to accomplish both of these goals.  You end up meeting some really nice people and finding some delicious food.
What I just described above was my introduction to Maru.  I ordered the  octopus dumplings and watched as they were expertly made right in front of me.  They cost all of 6 bucks and completely hit the spot for street food.  It was incredibly appropriate since I was outside, spending time on the street.  I took the dumplings, chop sticks and a spicy mayo and had a grand old time.
I'll definitely be back here.  This place has the food, the service and the prices to make it a really attractive spot to grab a quick bite.Maru Global was my first tako yaki experience, so I'll admit that I don't have much to compare to in terms of what they're "supposed" to be like.  
I ordered the octopus salad and the original tako yaki.  The salad was dry and blah..  nothing really memorable about it.  I didn't really taste any sort of dressing on it, but again I wasn't sure if it was supposed to be that way or not.  The tako yaki themselves were undercooked for my taste - the center was mushy batter so that was a bit off putting.  My friend said that it depends on where you go.. some places are more crispy than others.  
Highlights of the meal were the fries (go figure) with spicy mayo and the chocolate tako yaki.  I'll go back to try some of other dishes, but I was a bit disappointed the first time around.