Tried this place because Pho 75 was closed at the time.  A nice suprise. Very clean and the menu was huge.  Im not a pho expert but it was a decent inexpensive meal.ommmmmmg love love love.  Pho+summer rolls with peanut sauce+pear sake=best meal ever.  Great service, casual atmosphere, the best prices.  Food was very fresh and well made, I eat on the regular! Might go eat some right now, actually.... :D Bit of advice: order a small bowl of pho...its still huge. If you have leftover pho, ask them to put the noddle in a separate container as they will get soggy before second helpings.decent Pho.  Nothing really special.  I can't imagine ever going back to this place when Pho 75 is way way better and right next door...  Only plus of this place is they have  a huge menuPho is delicious!  Adding meatballs is a must.  They are so good. Fast and cheap with a $15 minimum for credit cards. All the phos are good but I especially like the seafood one.  Even though I've been many times, It's hard to go past the first page 
p.s. if you're new to pho, add the basil leaves and lime to the broth.  if you want it spicier add some hot sauce.  Pho Hoa gives you a delicious base broth, but that doesn't mean you can't play with it.This Pho Hoa is just like the one I go to in California, except it's a lot cleaner, bigger, and generally nicer. When you open the menu, the first two pages comprise the entire menu at the Cali location I've been to. However, this place tacks on a whole extra menu about the size of a small dictionary. 
The food is tasty and cheap, too. Some of the better Vietnamese I've had in South Philly.I've been to a lot of Pho Restaurant but this is the worst one.... 
I've been to this restaurant 2 times.... 
First experience, I would like to try the new place after porkie the Korean BBQ closed.....and they over charged the bill.....The bubble drink is supposed to be $3.50 but they add an extra $3.....When I asked why they said Oh it's because we put the tapioca.....The drink itself already serve w/ the tapioca; therefore I do not understand why the extra charge is necessary..... 
The second time, I gave another try......I went with 11 people and ordered their pho......I found out that the flanks were shining green.....which was clear to me that the meat quality is bad....it has FUNGI....they're ROTTEN!!!! 
The worst thing was that it was not only my bowls but also others....So we asked the server NICELY if we could just changed all to the rice dishes instead and pay the extra.....but the first thing they did, flew to the kitchen and brought us the rare flank and argue that the meat was fine.....Like duhhhh one bowl is ok but it's like all 8 BOWLS WITH ROTTEN MEAT!!!! 
Then the other server said, Oh I'm in charge and we couldn't change the food because it's already in the system....Excuse me, but I'm not there to eat for free and I said I'M GOING TO PAY FOR THE EXTRA CHARGES..... 
We dealt with this for more than 20 minutes....just want to proof that they were right.......clearly they had no idea how to dealt with their customers....NO APOLOGIZE...NOTHING AND JUST KEPT ARGUING.....
Definitely the worst dinner ever.....and WOULD NOT RECOMMEND this place at all to anybody.....I believe that you do not want to pay for rotten meat.....
Better go to Viet Huong or Nam Phuong across from them....it's way better with the same price, better food quality and better service!After sampling many pho places in Philadelphia, this is my second most favorite so far. Broth is strong but not salty. Meats are good and not too fatty but enough to keep it interesting. They have three ben bo hue. Very spicy broth, but not enough pigs feet. But they do have shrimp paste and shredded cabbage to go with this soup noodle.Great Pho and excellent crispy tofu.  They have a large menu, a bar, great food, low prices, and they take credit cards.  What's not to love!
But the mung bean pennywort smoothie tastes like a lima bean slurpee.  Not sure why others seem to be enthralled with it.Authentic Philly pho. Some of the best food in general. I could eat this every day especially with that huge variety of food and drink. If you're the owner and reading this, open up a restaurant in NYC. Better yet, let's partner up. We'll take it all the way to the bank!Pros:
* Private karaoke lounge upstairs has excellent sound system and selection of songs. Lots of current hits have the actual music videos, which is pretty unusual in my karaoke experience. The songs that have fake music videos are inadvertently hysterical. 
* We had a huge party with lots of people arriving at different times and drinking lots. Our waiter did a good job of keeping up with us and getting us food/drinks promptly. 
Cons: 
* You cannot order pho in the karaoke lounge. So sad!
* They ran out of vodka. (But our waiter gets bonus points for suggesting we switch to tequila instead. I like the way you think!)
* Going through the restaurant to get to the karaoke lounge feels a little sketchy.This is probably one of my favorite places to eat in the city. My husband and I go here maybe twice a month. They know us by name. They know my parents by name....
I love the pork spring rolls. Not quite as good as my best friend's mom's but still delish. The chicken ones are okay but not amazing. 
I LOVE the Pho. I have only been to 3 places for Pho but this one is by far my fave. 
Iced coffee.... ooh I am getting thirsty....YUM!
It used to be a BYOB and we could go in there with a six pack and walk out having had dinner for $25 for the 2 of us... now they sell beer, but it's still pretty cheap. 
Might have to go for dinner tonight because I LOOOOOOOVE it here.I was once a regular at Pho Hoa in South Philly until I moved to the North East. This restaurant is probably one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants to eat at. They make their pho quickly and send it out to you asap. The servers are on point when you need anything at all and a few remember me and what I usually order. I also recommend trying the bubble tea here as well. Great place.I had my first Pho experience today, well my first Vietnamese food experience in general. After reading some yelps about the local restaurants, I decided that Pho Hoa would be a safe introduction into the world of Pho. I checked out their online menu and then I went down and got some take-out. The women at the counter were super friendly. 
I got home and opened the bag and delicious aromas filled my kitchen. My honey loved his chicken Pho soup. He has a cold and it was just what he needed. He loaded in the jalapenos and made it really spicy. 
Me, on the other hand....I really wanted to love my seafood Pho soup, but I just didn't. The shrimp were bland, it had imitation crab meat which I loathe, and some other form of tasteless white mystery seafood. 
I don't know, either I am just not as adventurous as I'd like to be, or I just ordered the wrong thing. I love Chinese, Japanese, and Thai food...  I mistakenly thought I would love Vietnamese food just as much. But, I guess I'd be willing to give it another shot.Came back here to try a few more dishes & was pleased.
Pho with different kinds of meat (steak, tendon, tripe, fatty flank): the broth was very flavourful.  Noodles were slightly undercooked for me -- they weren't uncooked in general but just not soft enough for how I like my pho.  I didn't get as much variety of herbs as I would have liked, but the bowl was nice & comforting, all in all.
Lemongrass beef slices: very tasty, great flavour, well-grilled, fragrant with scallions on top.  The menu described the dish as having "Fresh Vegetables" but it was just some shreds of lettuce at the bottom of the plate.  Kind of annoying, because I wanted veggies, but I'll just have to come back next time & ask for more info while ordering.
Service is efficient.
3+ starsPros: Photos of nearly every menu offering and various levels of pho based on how adventurous you are feeling (a choose your own pho-venture)
Cons: Their large should be called slightly larger than a regular anywhere else and their regular should be called small.Their egg rolls are the best!
Pho is really good and fast
decent prices =)Ok, after a month in Philly, this is my favorite pho place. Pho Hoa is part of an international chain, which mostly sucks, so I've been surprised. They have also changed their menu from the generic Pho Hoa menu (they have the logo with the woman with noodle hair) to what seems like their own, and one that is much more extensive and like a typical Vietnamese do it all restaurant. (Maybe they left the franchise and went off on their own?). In any case, their pho is consistently good, and, for a Vietnamese place, their service is consistently good as well.
One time I was eating there an older white man came in. When the manager came to take his order, he said he couldn't, that he needed help from his favorite waiter who always chose for him. This guy had gone out to the grocery store to pick up some ingredients. The manager said he would be back in a few. When he got back, sure enough, he picked out a dish for the guy (eggplant) and the guy was happy. It was a kinda surreal moment because it reminded me of being in Thailand or Vietnam, where it's not so uncommon for the older white man to have a boy do simple things for him...On a recent visit to the Phil, I did a little pho crawl. The following is a transcription of scribbles on a napkin.
Pho Hoa
Late dinner (why is this the only place open at 10?). Weird menu. Pho organized by recommendations based on experience level - wtf? Broth should be hotter. beefy enough but lacking depth and sufficient spicing. msg overuse. can't taste anise, cinnamon. rare beef is very nice. paucity of tripe. tendon too thin and not tender enough. basil slightly wilted. there's some ngo gai, as well as a long strand of hair within the sprouts. skipped the sprouts. generic noodles but cooked appropriately enough. mediocre bowl overall, but probably better than most in nyc. msg taste still lingeriing 30 minutes on. msg weirdies an hour later. glutamate toxicity. not good. avoid. need to sleep it off.Pho Hoa says they are for the "Health Conscious."
I say: 
JUST EAT LESS, YOU HEALTH SEEKERS, AND TO-GO THEM CALORIES HOME!
Overall, this place gets your pho out lightening fast. However, its dishes are generally pricier than other places because they have found health-saavy yet less pho-experienced customers who will eat the advertising up. (That would not be me.)
For several more quarters, you get above-average pho restaurant aesthetic appeal (fancier LOOKING menus, TVs that each play different channels so that Beyonce, gun shots from a horror movie,  and poignant orchestral music for Adopt-A-Puppy commercials will compliment your dining experience). And you get the mental satisfaction that comes from a  "Health Conscious Food" motto plastered on their menus. Plus more a more spacious, less hectic, cleaner dining experience.  
But here's the bugger: Pho is already health saavy, and this place does not enlighten the food triangle anymore than Nam Phuong or its store front on 5th St. I will admit that they reduce the amount of starch and carbs... 
...by serving you fewer noodles in your pho and shrinking the size of your Vietnamese crepe...
...for prices that are higher than other places. 
and they skimped on my meatballs!
$15 credit card minimum, bee tee dubs.I love the food here. Everything taste good on the menu especially the new item they have which is the hot pot. The fried fish they have is also very crispy and not oily at all like some other places. Also their appetizer with the raw beef and shrimp chips is delicious....would recommend all my friends to go there.
I posted pics of the food with watermark Jerry NguyenI have eaten at most of the Pho joints in the city, and also nearby in Marlton, Cherry Hill... Pho Hoa is my favorite, (even though it is a chain) because the broth is the most flavorful. They also are generous with the lime, which makes a difference. Service is friendly and fast, and the Pho is very hot. I give it five stars with Pho 75 in Chinatown coming in 2nd.very solid fare.  definitely feels like a chain though. delicious food, but i would go elsewhere if you want ambiance.the pho was excellent and the restaurant clean
who knew this was a franchise.  i could not notice any franchise type shortcuts hereWORST MANAGER EVER!!!
I've been here quite often and made this place one of my fave places to go. However since they changed the manager a while ago, I dont think its a good place to eat at no more. I had dinner with my family and my sis left an empty container on the table. It was EMPTY, it had no smell or disgusting leftovers inside. When we were about to get into the car (coincidentally we parked our car right in front of the rest.) sudennly the manager (even tough I dont think its appropriate to put a manager title to such an ignorant man like him) came out holding the container and asked us whether its our belongings (with a high tone and rude impression on his face). I said no thats just trash, and he said it out loud (again with the rudest face I've ever seen in my whole life) that I cannot leave my trash there. To cut the story short, I came back in to the rest and asked about it, and he argued with high tone. Right after I said to him that he needs to watch his attitude, he right away pointed his middle finger to me! Okay, my patience's gone. I didnt think I deserved any crap like this. Whats the big deal of leaving a container on the table??? Its just irrational and super crazy for a "manager" to make such a hassle about it! A true manager would've just shut up. He even still arguing and kept pointing his finger at me while we were walking out from the rest. He kept on yelling to leave the place and never come back no more.  Not enough for that, as we're getting into our car, he AGAIN pointed his middle finger and shook his ass!!! He then made a gesture like he was about to f**k me! At that time my bro was so mad and approached him, telling him to go back into the rest if he didnt want to get hurt. WTF! Hellll what kind of manager is that! Such an ignorant, uneducated, and snobbish person like him doesnt deserve to work in any fields especially being a manager!!! 
I will never ever come back to that place and ooohhhh its not gonna surprise me if the restaurant will crash one day with the attitude of "THEIR GREAT MANAGER." People pay not only for food but also for its SERVICE!My wife and I eat at Pho Hoa quite often. The food is great and it has a very nice atmosphere. This is a definite place to grab an inexpensive, filling meal.Fast, friendly, consistent, convenient, DELICIOUS. Simple as that.
Have had better spring rolls, but the pho is spot on as well as the best hangover cure (depending on how much sriracha you can stomach, that is). Not to mention the unusual and entertaining conglomerate of patrons ranging from elderly Vietnamese couples to tough looking crowds of young Asian teens to marathon eaters to hipsters.
Overall - LOVE.The McDonald's of Pho. It's a chain so bc of that I only have a few expectations.
I expect it to be consistently good. 
I expect it to stay cheap. 
I expect the service to be mediocre.
I expect the food to come out quickly.Look for Thien the friendliest dude here...the staff are courteous and there beside you on a wave of a hand. They have great Pho compared to Pho 75 and have a great new menu that really makes them more than just a Pho place. The Fried Rice is the best its a meal in itself and the spring rolls never fail to delight your glum summer day. The Pho Hoa soups and noodles are there to refresh you and indeed cleans your system. Yes the restrooms  have that newly cleaned scent to it . order a YANG CHOW fried rice a  Number 24 and the Number 5 or 6 and get a coconut juice to wash it down the hatch.yayy. I go here on a semi-regular basis with my bf. Their service is always fast and impeccable, pho is hot and filled with delicious noodles and goodies, and we always have a wonderful selection of hot things to add to the pho.  The prices are also quite reasonable.Great Pho with good service. Plenty of options on the menu.I've only been here once so I can't write much but it was a nice change to the Chinese noddle soups I am so used to. [Pagoda anyone?]
The waiter was super friendly and they even made me a bowl with tofu, which I didn't notice on the menu. Free tea and two bowls of Pho cost us only eleven dollars or so and we were full 'till the next day.
It's a fun place with a mixed environment of locals and college students looking for a cheap meal.
Can't wait to go back so I can write more.
________________________________________________
Update:
So after a day of feeling not-so-well we headed to Pho Ha on our way home from work for something  filling and that would settle my stomach. 
I had the intention of ordering some soup but found the rice noodle bowls more appealing to my senses. I surprised myself by ordering meat for a change and I was in no way disappointed. The spring roll appetizer with shrimp and mint was even more of a delight, especially paired with my fresh limeade soda from the juice bar. Divine! There's nothing like a homemade soda on a hot afternoon. 
The portions as usual were enormous for my tiny stomach so I would up taking a plate home for the evening, a plate I wound up sharing with our dog and one of our kittens who kept ogling the tender strips of pork. No worries, though, there was plenty to go around!I come here for hang over cures with big groups of friends. The service is great, as is the pho. Parking is a little difficult (but we always park in that little viet plaza across the street, shhh), but totally worth it! It's cheap, it's the epitome of the typical pho place, and it's great. I'm always satisfied.this is our go-to spot in philly when we've got a craving for simple vietnamese food.  1 order of pho, 1 order of the bun w/ pork/eggroll, 1 lemonade, 1 pink jelly drink.  DIVINE!!  cheap and delicious, that's how we like it.  the grilled pork is super flavorful, i def recommend.What I expect when I go get Pho:
1) huge portions
2) fast service
3) lotsa noodles but also a good balance of other soup ingredients
4) ridiculous amount of choices
5) cheap
Pho Hoa hits all these points. It took us a little long to actually get a waiter to come to us-- I think they were confused because our party staggered in at stages so I don't think they knew when everybody was there so giving them the benefit of the doubt. But they have an extensive menu and they let me order what I always like to order in my Pho-- shrimp and tofu and veggies. And it was delish. We were confused if this was a BYOB since they had drinks on their menu. So I don't think it is.
I paid $10 for Pho and an appetizer. That's including tip. Life is good.
Oh and there were huge flat screen TVs so we could eat silently and watch the game. Exactly how I like to spend time with my guy friends.I guess I was really expecting an amazing experience because my friends eat here all the time and have hyped it up so much. I wasn't really super thrilled with Pho Hoa any more than I was let down. I ordered a big bowl of the chicken noodle Pho (which for those not in the know is a noodle soup.) I guess what let me down the most was how SPARSE the dish was: literally just some sliced chicken, noodles, scallions and broth. They do provide a plate of bean sprouts and basil for the table to break up and add to their dishes, but I guess I was just hoping for more. It was tasty but kind of boring.
Ironically my biggest gripe is the small selection of choices, especially starters; but my favourite part of the meal was my own starter, a fried tofu encrusted with cheese. Totally delish!Hands down the best pho in Philly.  I find myself making excuses to come back days in a row, sometimes meals.  The staff is no nonsense, you order soup, you get soup in less than 5 minutes.  The broth is rich, soulful, and exotic.  Every part of their pho, unlike its competition, is perfect, and most importantly, consistent.  Fully recommend going out of your way to get down on this pho.Ok so now there is serious contention for my favorite pho place.
I've been to Pho Hoa (note the extra o) a couple times in the past two weeks.  This spot is very large, and very clean.  They have a very extensive menu and their service is spot on.
I know it's a chain, but I think it's every bit as good as Pho Ha.  The pho selections are very similar and they serve beer and wine.
We've eaten and taken out from this spot and been very happy with the prices, service and quality of the food.  
Aces.Love their pho.  I've only ordered take-out and get the same thing (no. 9 with extra meat), but it is so awesome!  I like how they put everything (even the plastic tub/lid) in a tied bag so it won't spill out in the car or the way home.  And they are fast!  Healthier then chinese take-out.
It is a fun project to create your own version of pho.  You get enough soup, meat, veg and basil to fill one of my big baking bowls.  
The things I would recommend is that they don't have the workers all up in the front of the restaurant near the door (never seen anyone sitting at these tables) making basil bundles.  Well, that is why I wash them really well when I get home.I thought this place was okaaaaay...  I've had a lot of good pho in my life, and I wouldn't put this in that category.  On the other hand, it's apparently better than most other pho places around here, soo if you're *really* craving pho this is the place to go.  
They have great TVs if you like to watch TV while you eat.
There was something off about the flavor of the broth, but I couldn't put my finger on it... but like I said, still better than other places around.pho hoa is this nuts chain that i've seen a lot in california before but this particular location was huge! the other one's i've been to only had a limited selection on the menu but this philly location could do it all. I had hu tieu and the broth was a little thick for my liking but it wasn't bad.What stood out in the pho for me was the firmness/texture of the noodles, I felt like I was eating high quality ramen something I have never experience in a bowl of pho before!A good noodle house.  Tried the staple steak Pho.  I recommend getting the sprouts steamed so it doesn't make your soup cold when you throw them in.  The basil and limes were fresh, and the 33 beer was just what I needed after walking down on a hot day.  The staff was friendly, I was lucky that I went with two native speakers so I'm not sure if my experience would have been different but I doubt it.  
P.S.  I didn't see any mice.As pho goes, the stuff at this place is pretty darn good. I admit, I'm a bit of a picky eater so I ordered mine dressed down, but the broth was still warm and flavorful and the thinly-sliced steak perfectly pink in the center when the huge bowl arrived at our table. My girlfriend ordered shrimp and crab rolls that looked so good I helped myself to one. Packed with seafood and few pesky veggies (I hate the green stuff) and fried to a golden crisp, they were the perfect accompaniment to the slithery rice noodles. The hostess saw I was struggling to eat the noodles with chopsticks and hurried over with a fork, saving me the embarrassment of asking for one. (I do know how to use chopsticks, but just can't seem to master the art of eating slippery pho noodles with 'em.)  My favorite part of the meal was the mango bubble tea. At least, I ordered mango bubble tea. What I got was more like a smoothie, thick and creamy and obviously freshly made. Though it had chewy tapioca balls in the bottom, I wouldn't call this bubble tea. I would, however, call it delicious. If Pho Hoa was open in the morning, I'd get one on the way to work for breakfast every day.had a small pho and some tofu summer rolls. the summer rolls were fine, the soup was not - the broth was mediocre and the meat tasted as bad as it looked (and it looked pretty bad). 
I spent the next six hours or so feeling like total crap from the megadose of msg, something I have never experienced before as a frequent pho eater. 
Ive been there before and had a perfectly fine meal, but after this I wont risk a repeat experience.Tried the Bun (Vermicelli).  It's not bad.  Solid.  But I prefer thicker noodles -- they use thinner vermicelli, and I'm not impressed with the iceberg lettuce they throw in there.  Even green leaf or romaine, maybe, but iceberg?  More herbs would have been nice.
Beef wrapped in grape leaves was interesting -- first time I've had Vietnamese grape leaves!  Tasty but they don't fit into my Bun experience that well.  
Pork and Shrimp were nicely chargrilled with that chargrilled flavour, but the pork seemed a bit overcooked.  
They have 2 hot chili sauces on the table (besides Srirachi).  One is roasted, the other is fresh.  The fresh red one is really nice, flavourful, and has a lot of kick -- if I needed chili sauce with my food, I'd definitely come here for that.  (I don't really need it for Bun.)
3+ stars*** vegan review ***
i got probably the worst tofu dish i've ever had at pho hoa. it was basically fried salty spicy tofu and some green peppers, no other veggies. really bad. look elsewhere in this hood for vegan fare.Pho Hoa is my default place for pho, bubble tea, spring rolls, etc. Pho Hoa successfully expands beyond the pho horizons to offer a delicious, and at times overwhelming, choice of Vietnamese food.
When I stray from my normal Pho Tai, I like to sample their variety of rice and vermicelli bowls. Should I get grilled pork? Maybe spring rolls? Or how about beef wrapped in grape leaves? No matter which one you decide on, they will all leave you with a smile on your face.
The bubble tea selection is ridiculous, and they have a flavor for everyone! I am currently obsessed with the Iced Thai Tea, which is almost like a dessert! It's sweet and refreshing, and cuts through the saltiness of the pho.
My only complaint is that sometimes the meat in the pho is sometimes a little "off", in the chewy sense. But it's still good!Ate there today but I was surprised that the food wasn't as good as the other times I've been there. The good thing about the place is at least the waiters try to get the food orders right. I've had Pho there a couple times, but today it just looked and tasted as if well, it wasn't to good today. The Pho soup was very dark brown and it just didn't taste as good as my regular visits. I also ordered the broken rice with pork chop special to share and usually the pork chops are really flavorful with lemongrass but it was dry and there was no flavor. 
Overall, If your ready for a quick bite and hate waiting, its a OK place to go. 
They have TVs for you to watch and its a pretty casual place to eat. 
The servers are good because at least, they do try and get the order right.Had the chicken pho - it was good, my husband enjoyed that way more than i did.  Smelled really good though, and had some light spices we couldn't quite figure out.  
I had the chicken fried rice (I'm so adventurous!).  It was probably the best chicken fried rice I've had in quite a while.
It's worth a trip.Pho Hoa is a block away from my house so I find myself eating here pretty often. 
 The offerings are pretty good, with the Pho being good but not quite as good as Pho Ha down the street.  The steak and broth were noticeably better there.  I do like that their menu is pretty extensive, so you can have something other than pho, vermicelli, or broken rice dishes.
I also love the smoothies! A must try is the avocado- delicious!!  Sometimes I'll stop by just to get one to-go.
The service is pretty good here- actually friendly and attentive, unlike a lot of places on Washington...
Overall, as the stars suggest, I'm a fan!