I was very excited about their brunch as i saw many good reviews. But my chicken and waffle was a little bit disappointing to me. Chicken is just deep fried wings and drumsticks with no flavors. Waffles taste very dense and dry. The condensed milk is not enough at all. In all, the whole dish is very dry. It was also a long wait for food. My husband and I waited for around 40 mins to get our food.This is a great dining experience, especially during the pandemic. They have a variety of seating with heat, as well as indoors. The food tastes better than it looks. The wait (wasn't terribly long) for the food was worth it. They have fun drinks, like the mimosa tower, which is huge enough to share between 4 people. Brunch was a great experience will be back for dinner.I visited during happy hour with my boyfriend and we got 2 frozen margaritas and the SET Loaded Tots.
The drink menu here is decent, and the frozen margaritas were definitely super strong! While I do love getting my bang for my buck for drinks, all I could taste was straight dark liquor in every sip. The waitress kindly added more juice mix for me to make it a little more fruity for me! So appreciative of that. 
The loaded tots hit the spot for us! I'm a huge fan of fusion food because of how flavorful it is and the loaded tots are the epitome of that! The cheese, meat, onions - literally everything in that appetizer was a beautiful blend of flavors in every bite! I highly recommend if you're a fan of your savory snacks!
My one and only complaint about this establishment is simply a side note: The parking situation is horrendous here! During happy hour especially -- the northern liberties area is a huge mix of establishments and residential townhouses so it's incredibly difficult to find parking during peak hours! I had to circle around the neighborhood for roughly 30 minutes before finding a spot!Me and my boyfriend went here for Sunday brunch from our friends' overflowing recommendations. Everything was fine, we ordered our food, an iced tea & a single mojito to share (one of us was driving & we're super lightweight at that lol.) Initially, i ordered the chicken and waffles, but changed my mind to the breakfast tacos whereas my boyfriend ordered their burger. From here things get crappy:
1. Mojito tasted virgin (emphasis again that we are lightweight, meaning with two sips one of us was going to be slightly red - asian glow baby ! But nope. It just tasted like club soda, mint and fruit flavoring) 
2. Boyfriends burger buns were burnt
3. They gave me the chicken and waffles even though i told the waitress in the beginning i wanted the breakfast tacos instead . 
4. Both the chicken and waffles were BURNT and flavorless. 
5. Never got my iced tea.
I didnt voice anything out because i was already so agitated with this first time experience. Maybe night staff has their system together opposed to their daytime/brunch staff because a lot of my friends talk big about this place & theyve only gone during the evening. Ill pass.This place is so cute in NoLibs! Outdoor seating is spacious with picnic tables under big umbrellas. We went for brunch on a Saturday. The brunch menu is awesome and you have the option for $15 plates! My favorite part is that you have the option for waffle fries, breakfast potatoes or tots.  Potato lovers rejoice! My only complaint was that there was no coffee or brunch cocktails, but I am sure that will change in the future. Looking forward to having dinner and drinks the next time we visit!Amazing food. All the staff were so friendly and helpful. Would definitely recommend for a fun night out with great drinks to go with it. Megan, Kat, Nick and Johnny the manager are amazing people who always go the extra mile.The brunch was amazing! Def worth your buck. The steak was so well seasoned and tasty!This place has fish and shrimp tacos that will leave you wanting more tacos. The frozen margs are the best you'll find this summer! If you're looking for a frose, Set's is perfect - not too sweet and the right amount of tart. The outside seating to accommodate COVID regulations is charming with enough space to fit your group while still social distancing. The service is phenomenal - the staff is friendly, helpful, and make the dining experience a 10/10. You're gonna wanna hit up this joint.Wanted to love this place as the photos of food + drinks looked appetizing. Unfortunately, we were asked by the hostess to wrap up dinner before our food even came to the table as they had a reservation who needed this specific table. Very unorganized. I ordered clams and received oysters. We didn't receive utensils until an hour after we were seated. Drink glasses remained empty for quite a while. Server was not attentive. This establishment has a lot of potential but unfortunately, I will not be back.*WOULD RECOMMEND*
If you're looking for a nice, casual brunch with good food and drinks, definitely check out this place. The restaurant is located at the heart of Northern Liberties with both indoor and outdoor dining. They did a good job of separating tables with wall shield in between. Their brunch menu has a good amount of brunch classics as well as unique Asian, Mexican inspired dishes. They have quite an extensive drinks menu if you want to have a good time. The food were well presented and well portioned for the price. I ordered the SET STEAK & EGGS SKILLET which was Asian inspired and it was well seasoned and not too chewy. I also had their mango bellini which was a nice light drink for the afternoon.
*VERDICT*
Yes, I would go back again. Want to try their champagne towerSet has been and continues to be an incredible addition to the neighborhood. The service is always awesome and I can always expect to be happy and satisfied when I leave. I always say to my wife that I'm happy to have a place like Set in the neighborhood and she and I will continue to eat here and recommend Set to our friends across the city. 5 stars!The hubby and I went here for our pre Valentines brunch. We had made reservations several weeks ago which I highly suggest. The line was pretty steady with a 6 hour wait. They have a cute set up for outside dining with little Fire pit type heating on the tables it was very cute. We however dined inside. They had each table spaced a good distance apart with plastic dividers which is good for covid safety precautions..KUDOS!!!!! The front end staff as well as our waitress Nadia was very nice and friendly. She helped with any questions we had, considering it was our first time dining and it was her first day. She did a great job! The atmosphere was chill with good music and cool scenery on the walls. We ordered our meals. We both got the Set 4 -bulgogi burger with home fries and the breakfast wonton appetizer! I also ordered a Mango frozen margarita. Both the meal and app were absolutely amazing!!! We highly recommend. My drink was delicious! They offer a mimosa tower. I WILL get that the next time. We had a good time chatting across the dividers with other couples and diners and had an enjoyable experience! I highly recommend checking this place out!Great service & experience!! Ciara was an exceptional server that took great care of us and ensured that we had a wonderful time. And the mimosa tower is a must!!! We had an awesome brunch!This is one of my favorite spots for brunch. Their food and drinks are delicious. And the server Emily is sweet and super attentive. You have to come here!Amazing service! Our server Kiara (apologize if I misspelled) was amazing, they were so kind and attentive to my friend and I while dining. I got the steak and eggs--really tasteful, the steak literally melts in your mouth and the home fries were so flavorful. The entire dish was honestly. Highly recommend!Came during Happy Hour and it was definitely a Vibe! You have to book your spot for them online w/Open Table, but it's worth it so you don't have a crazy wait time. The people were out this particular day I went and they still handled it well, having me seated in 2 mins if that. Now them drinks! Yup, I kept the frozen margaritas coming. Next time I will try the margarita tower they offer. The wings and fries are very good to. Happy hour specials are really good. Definitely coming here more often.Came here on a Saturday evening and it was crowded. We hot seated immediately and were informed that in future reservations are preferred. Due to Covid, seatingbwas outside and the place was well lit.  The music was good but was coming from neighbor restaurant.
We started off with Jalepeno popper and Lichitini with loaded tator tots. The drinks were a bit watered down. Lichitini was good well flavored drink but Jalepeno popper was ice and Jalepenos. Our server recommended a side shot along with syrup that would help improve the taste. After the shot it was better. But shot was $10. A bit pricey. We ordered cheeky tiki and mango mojito. Again, it was like drinking fruit juice. So, having shots added helps. The mix match sliders were good. We did complaint to the server about the watered down drinks and looks like they were standard pours.  So, I recommend accounting for a side of shot. It was a bit surprising since these were they special drinks.
Overall, we liked the food but drinks not so much.What a great spot! Tacos and taters and burgers, oh my! Since I'm a huge fan of the NYC branch, I had to see if the NoLibs restaurant matched my expectations. It sure did! I love the indoor decor. My favorite cocktail this time around was, hands down, the Out Of Office. The twist of lemon made it super refreshing and easy to drink (which - I can see how that can be a problem lol). The taters were so CRUNCHY and flavorful - everything a fried lil potato should be! I shall be back.Avoid at all costs! Got terrible stomach issues the next morning. The menu sounded good but execution was severely poor. The service was awful. Our server had a really bad attitude and everything took forever to come out. We had a party of 11 people and the food came out at all different times so half the group got food and the other half got food like 25 minutes or more later which was not great. They gave a margarita to a 14 year old which she drank thinking it was juice. Then at the end of the service while we were all trying to figure out the bill, someone from the restaurant who was not our server came up to the 14 year old in our group (not any of the 10 adults at the table) and said that we FAR exceeded the 90 minute limit, that I saw no signs for so it may not even exist and that another group had been waiting a long time and that we had to go. We dropped almost $800 to celebrate a graduation on shitty food and terrible service.  Told them they were unprofessional and that the 11 of us will never step foot in that restaurant ever again nor everyone we know! Thanks for ruining a special event! BYE!!!!Amazing tacos and appetizers to share. I ordered takeout from here twice during Covid and the service was exceptional and the food was great. The tempura shrimp tacos were my favorite and my boyfriend loves the cheesesteak tacos. Looks like it would be a really nice bar with small plates. Totally recommend!!Three friends and I came to celebrate Cinco de Mayo. We circled the block (s) several times trying to find parking; that alone made us reluctant to come back. We had a reservation so seating was fine and there was no wait time. There were t.v.s with sports channels on that made it seem more like a sports bar. Our waitress, Dee, was nice and accommodating but it seemed that she may also be fairly new as she had to ask other employees questions.  The mojitos that we ordered were not flavorful and they were definitely missing something. We loved the charbroiled oysters which is what made us want to come but the pork belly skewers were nothing but fat therefore inedible.Made reservations just to ensure we had seating and happy we did. It was a beautiful day out and the place was packed. 
*Parking is a struggle in this area*
Our server was on top of things. Even helped us select the better tequila shot. 
The food was good and we were all happy with our experience. This was a great spot for a group to meet up, enjoy the weather, have good food and drinks with some great people.Went here for a birthday brunch. We had to keep looking for our server. She would pass our table and wouldn't ask if we needed refills or another drink which would've been nice since the food took forever. It was not busy maybe 3 tables inside a few outside so we couldn't understand the delay. Apps took forever then I had to ask the server to take the empty plates and clear the table because she kept floating by with nothing to do. They bought out everything but one persons food, and then we had to flag down the server to remind her our friend still has not gotten his food. The food was cold and hash browns hard. Everything else food wise was basic nothing special about the menu. The margarita flight was nasty, 1 of out the four drinks on the flight was good, they tasted like fake sugar syrup and fake fruit flavors. Go elsewhere there is better food and service all over Philly.Set is awesome. Great owners, great food, great service. Even during Covid we had a safe and sanitary experience and enjoyed every bit of it. Will be back for more!Came here for a girls brunch and SET did not disappoint! From the drinks, to the food, to the service, everything was fabulous. We got 2 orders of the 30 day dry aged burger with tots, 2 orders of the breakfast tacos with tots, the drunken tots and countless bottles of champagne and orange juice. Everything was SOOOO good. Will definitely be coming back here!A really fun bar with good drinks and even better food. The servers and bartenders are some of the nicest in the city. Do not sleep on set!Pretty good place. The atmosphere is great and seems like it would be a good time for brunch! I had the charbroiled oysters and the waffle fries. The oysters were okay, the sauce wasn't great. The fries were decent but very salty. The old fashioned was made very well. My girls and I did have a great time there though. Staff was extremely nice and helpful. I'd probably have to try other foods but I would definitely return for brunch and the vibe.Went here for brunch on a Saturday at 1:30pm. After being seated and reviewing the menu for 10-15min, when it came time to order drinks, we were informed by our server that alcohol would not be served until 4pm. This information was not told to us upon making the reservation, is not on their website, and was not explained when we arrived, despite the alcoholic drink menus that were on display at the entrance of the establishment at our time of arrival. My second choice was a Thai iced tea. The waiter informed me that they were out of coffee and could not make the Thai iced tea. I did not realize coffee was needed for Thai iced tea as the usual ingredients are tea, milk, and sugar.  On to my 3rd choice, mint lemonade. When the glass arrived, you could see straight through the beverage as if it were purely water. The taste only validated the appearance, as this beverage tasted like water with hint of lemon squeezed in, in addition to a mint leaf or two. Did not stick around for food, but I can only imagine how disappointing that would have been. We were also asked for a card to "hold" for the tab and were told we would not be charged. Surprised! We were charged within minutes of handing over the card. Horrible experience. Do not come here. Would give 0 (or negative) stars if possible.I have seen this spot on IG looked good to try out. The food is really good. I went for brunch on Saturday, ordered the Vietnamese steak with home fries and eggs. So good highly recommended plate and my friends ordered alcohol drinks they liked it.Amazing service, really good food. Heard they just introduced a lunch menu with vegan options??? Sign me UP. Amazing hot toddies for when it's chilly. Love this spot!!!!!I had a pretty good experience here! We came for a weekend brunch, and there were good options to choose from. The burger was delicious, and the waffle fries were great too. The atmosphere is really nice, and their dinner menu looks great too. I'd definitely come back again.Be aware!! . I went there to celebrate my new job with my friend. The food was amazing but the service was trash. Can y'all believe that they started playing "get out of here" song towards the end of evening. I wish that they would've just say "hey, we are getting ready to close so you have to wrap it up within the next 10 mins or so". That would've been a better response then them playing the two "get out of here song"Definitely not worth the 2 month wait to get the reservation.   We were promptly seated at 12 party of 4 we were inside which was ok especially since the restaurant is heading the 50 percent warning.   
     We started with 3 drinks one classic margarita , one pomegranate margarita and a strawberry Bellini .   The standard marg was not good tasted like cheap tequila and had no sweetness to it.    Wasn't impressed.   We went to order from the menu code but were disappointed to learn that you can only order brunch menu on Saturday and Sunday .   Very limited menu for brunch.   2 people orders the breakfast wontons as an appetizer with tater tots.   One ordered the la Frieda burger.   One ordered set number 3 which was sausage and egg tacos.    The burger I had was dry and flavorless.   I was expecting more and let down.   The wontons had little to no identifiable bacon.   The tots were standard frozen variety deep fried.   Had high hopes and was let down.   All in 160.00 for 4 people only three had 1 drink.We had Ciara as our waitress. Service was amazing!!! We got the beer tower and it was perfect for our group. Thank you Ciara!!!!Fun atmosphere when my friend and I walked in :) 
We had a reservation at 6 and we're a bit early but the staff didn't mind and had our table ready for us already!
The menu consist of sets of food (sandwich + skewer + fries) or you can choose a set of tacos, sandwiches, skewers and appetizers.
I decided to go with set #3 which came with a banh mi butter steak sandwich, sweet Italian sausage skewer and Cajun fries. I also wanted to try the garlic Cajun shrimp skewer too. 
My friend who is vegan was excited for her options. Unfortunately the vegan cheese steak egg rolls were out that night but she enjoyed her veggie tacos, vegan chicken nuggets and veggie skewer.
We got two drinks while waiting and they were both pretty good and strong! We were jealous of the towers of cocktails at tables near us. Food was pretty good. Thought it was a bit pricey but you get a decent amount of it. It was a fun experience! Def. Want to come back and try their brunch menuOne of my favorite brunch spots. The staff is super friendly and gives great recommendations. The food and vibe are great for any occasionThis place was the best- my cousin and I stopped in for brunch and had a fantastic experience. I highly recommend the breakfast. The real MVPs are the staff. They were fun, friendly and attentive. It's a great atmosphere and all COVID requirements are in place- dividers, masks, social distancing... I can't wait to come back!!Average brunch spot in a super gentrified part of town. That pretty much sums it up. Went here for brunch and had the Korean brunch burger and a few mimosas. The burger was okay at best but the drinks were good. 
I'm not super cheap but that $16 burger was a letdown.   
I'm not saying the food was awful but it's 100% overpriced for what you get and I'm probably going to bunch elsewhere next time I'm in NoLibs.beer tower was fantastic. ciara was amazing! our group had the best time thanks to our waitress thanks so much ciara!PSA: Went here today for the first time. My first tip is to definitely plan if you want brunch or dinner first. If you want dinner, make your reservation for 4:15 or later. Our reservation was at 3:45 and the dinner menu was not available until 4:30. We were not allowed to wait for the dinner menu to be available because there is a 90 minute table time so our only option was brunch. 
While this was a tiny inconvenience, the service, food, and drinks made up for it. For drinks I shared a beer tower, and also ordered their Hot and Spicy which was a hot apple cider drink with cinnamon and whiskey. This was incredible. For my meal I ordered the Bulgogi Breakfast Burger. This was definitely something that I would order again if I came for brunch. Our service was incredible the whole time and constantly had staff circulation the restaurant to see if anyone needed anything. Overall, I would definitely come back here.Tried SET the other night.  The chicken 'skewer' was more of a kabob with raw chicken and vegetables.  The Mexican corn salad could have been good but the corn was flavorless, probably used canned corn.  The wings were ok, but not worth a repeat.  I liked the fries and drinks were decent.Well, to say the least they have some work to do. Let me start out by saying the entire tables comes from the industry, and we all try to be understanding of the circumstances that surround eating out during COVID.
The server was very sweet and we could tell he was trying his best. He disclosed this was his first shift (first time serving I think) so we knew to give him some leeway and we were fine with that as we had all been in his position before.
We got drinks in a timely fashion, which was good. However we were not approached again to order food for about 20 minutes. 
Being quite hungry at that point we order apps (just 2) so we had something quickly and ordered our food at the same time since we had plenty of time to make those decisions.
We did grow concerned when we hadn't seen our apps after a half hour of waiting, but we figured the kitchen was busy and covid, etc. however we also had empty drinks and waters, and were not approached until we asked to order more drinks. 
After about an hour and 20 minutes I finally approached the host stand to kindly prod. I asked her if she could check on our food as it has been a really long time and the server had on stopped back once to say "they're working on it I think".
The food came out about 3 minutes after I approached the hostess. Appetizers came with the meal. Not sure if this was just a misunderstanding, but it was definitely disappointing and we had a pregnant friend at the table that was starting to eat her hands at this point. 
The food was overall decent. I wouldn't rave and rant about it but it did the job. A big thing that bothered us is that a few of the dishes listed on the menu did not match what came out on our plates. There we quite a few but for instance, the avocado toast "set" lists the meal and 2 toasts with sautéed cherry tomatoes, pickled onions, & balsamic vinaigrette. The set actually only came with 1 toast, mine had why I believe to be feta on it, some haphazardly cut tomatoes (not sautéed), no onions, no vinaigrette, while my friend next to me who ordered the same thing had the onions on it. She was a little upset it did not come with two as described, and she also unfortunately cannot have cheese (she wishes!) so she did not eat her meal. She was not asked if she wanted something else.
The whole thing was just very messy. No consistency, mediocre food, and a long wait. They took off my friends avocado toast, and gave a 15% discount. (Don't worry, we made sure we didn't screw over the waiter) 
Please work on consistency, timing, employee training and communication! If you told us there was a problem or kept us updated or made sure we had drinks or an appetizer to hold us over, things might have been better. There is a laundry list of things that could have improved or saved our experience that unfortunately just didn't happen. We will not return :(Absolutely LOVE this spot! Can't believe how delicious the food and drinks were. And this is just their soft opening! So excited to see what's on the full menu. Our waitress was so sweet. We were also greeted by the manager or owner we believe and got free shots on the house. Such a great atmosphere. Cute paintings of all things Philly inside. Very nice bar. Cutest outdoor eating. Now my favorite taco spot. HIGHLY RECOMMENDEverything here on the menu tastes great and you can't go wrong and it's perfect for outing because there are serval bars around after you finish eating to bar hopMEG IS THE BEST SERVER EVER!!! 
What a fun person, she came here from Ireland and spreads the best of that culture. Also her service is great and we had the best time.The brunch at Set No Libs was pretty great. I do like a lot of options in a menu(double knot is a prime example), however to have a small menu with really quality options makes it even more specials. We started with the chicken and waffles which are salt and pepper jalapeño chicken, waffles, whipped scallion garlic butter and condensed milk syrup. I didn't really taste the jalapeño factor in the chicken but it was still crispy and yummy. The waffles were sooo good, soft, fluffy and I loved the scallion garlic butter. My entree was steak and egg skillet. I got it with tater tots instead of the sriracha garlic home fries because my inner school girl cannot pass on tots. I always think of that scene from Napoleon Dynamite with the tater tots in his pocket. My friend got the breakfast tacos which is one of their four "sets". Tacos have sausage, eggs, bacon pieces, caramelized onions, tots and chipotle Mayo. They are loaded but hella good. We had to pack up food to go because the mimosa tower seriously conquered us. I recommend having at least 3 people, trust me even were hardcore badass and we were like full to capacity. I will tell you now it is hard to get a brunch reservation unless you go late in the afternoon. They do have happy hour too I really wanna try. I think their brunch is what they're really known for however. I never grade a place on just brunch but I will leave it and say I highly recommend.The staff here is wonderful; so friendly and the service is on point! Kaitlyn and Kyle are beyond awesome and I can't wait to see them again. Will definitely be returning ASAP for the delicious sliders and tacos.Best burger in Philly! I HIGHLY recommend the brunch burger with the sunny side egg on top. Seriously perfection  when I crave a burger I will dream of this one. Also very impressed that they opened during Covid and could still provide an excellent experience!Pretty nice place with great outdoor seating in the heart of No libs! The menu is pretty versatile and your vegetarian/vegan friends would be delighted to know that there are options for them! They have different specials each night which is great!This place was awesome went with a friend had a few drinks and apps and Cat the server was so nice. Can't wait to go again