I ordered a BLT from here and it came with bacon crumbles on my sandwich. It was also made with shredded lettuce. So the sandwich was just falling out all over the place. I mean who makes a BLT with crumbled bacon? I would have never ordered that if they told me before. I returned the sandwich and didnt order any further food. Wont order from here. Ever again.Branched out passed manayunk and roxborough to East Falls for some pizza.  Got the family special of large pizza, buffalo chicken cheesesteak and wings with a 2 liter.
The pizza itself was better than average.  There was a good amount of cheese on the pie.  The sauce was tasty and well seasoned.  It seemed like it had a hint of anchovies in the sauce.  Either that or garlic.  The wings were excellent top notch.  Very hot even though it was take out which was hard to do.  With several flavors to choose from we got the naked honey BBQ.  Thy were meaty and massive.  I def would return for the wings.  A good sign upon walking in were the empty boxes of liscios rolls outside.  The roll of course was fresh and soft while the chicken was chopped breast meat with a spicy hot sauce and Gorgonzola.  Good sandwhich but not overfilling.Good deal if you get the large order for like 35 dollars. Definitely worth splitting among your friendsFound out about Slices a few weeks ago and it is now my go to late-night pizza spot. Cheap, quality slices. I think I got 4 for $9. Open till 3 am Friday and Saturday which is always a plus.EAT HERE ON TUESDAY: the special is phenomenal. Call and order a large plain for pickup. Starting at 6pm, you will be charged the same amount as the time you called. Call in at 6:30pm, you get a large plain pizza for $6.30. Hard to beat. Pizza is quite good.We travel 20 minutes from our home in East Germantown to get pizza and wing dings from Slices. Both my husband and I are not Philadelphia natives, and we find most Philly pizza appalling, but Slices gets the job done! They also make delicious buffalo chicken cheesesteaks! Yum Yum!Very tasty pizza, delivered quickly and hot on a rainy Saturday night.  Very generous with toppings!Pizza is pretty good, prices are reasonable, portions are decent, and they're open late on the weekends. Location is pretty convenient too - especially coming from one of the local bars. I think Frank's has better pizza, but they close much earlier.Nothing but late night food. The pizza literally has no sauce, but think doughy and I can barely get it down when Im hammered. Can barely eat when I drunk, def not coming here when Im sober. 4 stars... my assI really don't have too much to say about this place other than ALL their food is deliciously amazing. it's where I order from every time I order. Delivery is not that long of a wait either.My go-to spot for a buffalo chicken slice.  Always consistent, excellent meat and flavor on their pizzas too.  Their salads and wraps are a little bit on the expensive side, but also good.  Overall, highly recommended.  Definitely the best takeout spot in East Falls.This is the closest where I live, but I am not here that often. The Pizza is OK, not terrible but  even one of the 4 star reviews mention, there are better pizza joints in Philly.  So, if I don't feel like getting in my car to drive there and walking over, I'll come over here. Not to mention they are open way late, so if other pizza joints are closed, I'll come here. 
I met the owners, who are nice people and I never had a bad experience with the service and sometimes there are lunch specials for 2 slices and a soda.  But the biggest  problem is there are many pizza joints in Philly, its a competitive market and if there are better slices out there, I am going to go there.I ordered the Italian hoagie and old bay fries with cheese wiz sauce on the side.  The food was very good!  The staff was extremely pleasant when I called to place my order and the delivery man was also very nice.  I will definitely order from here again.Good pizza and great delivery.  Right on time.  I liked the eggplant parm pizza a lot.  The pepperoni was OK.  I'll definitely order from there again.So my wife and I have lived in this area for a little over a year now and Slices is the spot for quality food. They make most of the stuff from hand. It is not NYC pizza but is its own "Philly pizza" the best you will find in the area. The subs and clubs are awesome. The Apps are always done correct and condiments provided. The only thing that would make it better would be a dessert menu. Out of 12+ times ordering we only had 1-2 mistakes that were taken care of, and 1 order that was just bad.Awesome Pizza! Large pie,wings,and a 2 liter very reasonable , delivered to our hotel . Had the Neopolitan. Fast delivery even on NYEOrdered from here a few times at my old job. Didn't take any longer than a half to 45. Food is very good & definitely fresh and portion sizes are decent. 
Only complaint is that if you don't request it, they won't put seasoning or sauce on anything. Not even send packets over.Slices is by far the best pizza in East Falls. They never disappoint, they are always great quality and they are the nicest people. We've eaten here the past two nights and multiple times before that and they have legit made our day. You guys are awesome!Usually pretty good but just ordered 2 large plain for the Manic Monday special and specified well done. Delivery just showed up and both pies are undercooked. Not regular, undercooked. Wonder what would've happened if I didn't ask for well done...I've had a turkey sub (ok, i guess you philadelphians call it a hoagie...) and their salad with chicken, black beans, corn, etc (I don't remember what it's called). Both were so good and well-priced ($7 for a foot long sub). The guy who's been behind the counter the past two times i've been there has been nice and accommodating and the service is quick.Delicious! Another year of great service and a lot of satisfied customers who earned their slices by helping to pack Broad Street Run runners' bags.My girlfriend and I have ordered from Slices a few times over the past couple months.  Typically the food is good and arrives (delivery) within 40-60 minutes max.  This is fine.  Two weeks ago our experience was to this level, though the fries seemed to be bottom of the frier (literally) as we received mainly "bits" of fries, most of which were hard and only shells.  We also attribute this to being Friday night, as our other orders were during the week.  Today (Monday), I got home from work and my g/f and I were rather hungry.  Instead of running to the grocery store and cooking, we decided to order from Slices.  This was at 7:40pm.  It's now 9:20pm and we're both still hungry.  I had to call them and they could not tell me if our food has left, but said it would be "20 minutes" 'til we receive the food.  This is quite ridiculous as their estimate on delivery time was only 50 minutes when we placed the order.
The food arrived at 9:25pm.  It was not exactly as ordered, but tasted decent.  Still, this was far too long to wait.Friendly staff, delicious food, easy parking (free two hour in front). I think $9 for a salad is a bit pricey, but I'm cheap . The Oriental Express salad is really good, it's got candied walnuts and tangerine slices in it.Updating my previous review.  We learned a lot in the months we have lived in East Falls.  Slices is absolutely hands down the best pizza.  While we have ordered other things from there (club sandwich, fries, wings, cheesesteaks) we will stick with the pizza.  It is so good.  Such unique choices.  Reasonable prices.  Our go to for pizza.This is our favorite local pizza place to order from.
Love the margarita pizza, cheese fries and East Falls salad!
Love that you can order online.
Don't like the hoagie rolls. Don't like that they don't serve pasta with the eggplant.
The owner and staff are really nice!One of the BEST cheesesteak hoagies around. Their naked wings are also some of the best wings I've ever had. Also, their mega fries are very very tasty. Just don't order their cheese pizza or wraps. Pizza is blah (cheesesteak pizza is pretty good tho) and their wraps are nothing but the wrap and a couple of slices of deli meat. You get a free pizza with eight orders over $15 tho! They give you a magnet and when you collect 8, they'll give you a free pie!Visiting from Indianapolis, stopped in here for some pizza. Great little spot, friendly & great customer service. Would definitely recommendThis isn't artisanal pizza, but as a late night or quick option, it's fresh, flavorful and efficient. Good east coast style pizza.I ordered delivery from here. It arrived promptly, and the delivery guy was nice. I had wings and fries. The wings were great. The fries were just good. This will definitely be one of my go-to spots for delivery.Let me start by saying I'm in my home and I am able to check-in through yelp because I am close enough. So, I called this restaurant for delivery and the guy who answered the phone was so RUDE!  I said I was calling for delivery and he told me my address "must be wrong." And kept yelling that he couldn't hear me but was talking to the person next him more so than me. Then when he finally understood my address, he told me they don't deliver to the "ghetto side of Wissahickon ave."  Even though their competitor (Golden Crust) will deliver to me!  I am like 2 blocks from Wissahickon ave.  Too bad because I have a few roommates and run a small B&B where they would probably have an order from my house at least 3-5 times a week.  I mapped it out and I am exactly 2 miles away!Slices in Washington Twp. Is amazing don't know if they are affiliated, but if you are ever in Jersey, Slices is Amazing! Never disappoint!!Their customer service is terrible. I'm aware that it's just a pizza shop.    Just a pizza shop.One of my favorite place to grab a quick slice! Excellent buffalo/hot sauce that makes for great wings a sub or pizza! Great staff with a strong family vibe. A place that always makes you feel welcomed!Slices is the go-to place for my boyfriend and I when both of us are too tired from the day to cook. The food is great and its a good quality too. Its also not all junk for, there are some great salads (huge portions, sometimes just the side is enough) so if I feel like eating healthier I have options. The prices are extremely reasonable so I can get my rabbit food (as my boyfriend calls it) and he can get a great cheese steak or Stromboli. Also you can order online, which is a huge plus.The pizza is amazing! Pleasant staff, quick service only thing is pizza a little more expensive than regular pizza places. My new regular pizza spot!I like slices, but everyone likes a different pie. I would stop in and see for yourself.  Not my favorite pizza but it isn't anything to sneeze at.My primary reason for liking Slices is that it's literally 3 minutes from my apartment. I also like that they aren't very expensive. That being said, the pizza isn't amazing. It's good when I don't want to cook, and it's definitely the best one within walking distance. The cheese fries are outstanding, so usually I bring home pizza from center city when I come home from school and just pick up the fries at Slices. Their deals are good, and so far the staff seems friendly.Stopped in for a slice because it was on the way to where I was going. The guys working the register were young and nice, and got my order going pretty quickly. I chose just a cheese slice and it was average. The cheese tasted kind of cheap, but the crust was good and crisp. They had about 4 pizzas for slice selection. Not bad if you need something quick, but there are a lot of other choices!We come here EVERY Friday night for our pizza. 
Pizza is good and service is good. We have tried other local places but we like Slices the best! When we show up to pick up our pizza they always know who we are. One year they even gave us a free pizza for the holiday. How awesome is that?I've ordered from here three times. The first time was good I ordered a cheese steak. The second time was good as well I ordered a pizza. But the third time was absolutely amazing. They legit have the best stromblis I've ever had! The guys who work there are really friendly and when I ordered my pizza that second time the delivery was so fast I couldn't believe it! I plan on ordering from here on a consistent basis.Eat here once or twice a month normally pretty good. Excellent when you pick up your food or have the pizza delivered. But when I order a toasted club sandwich  and fries and have it delivered the fries are always cold and soggy.
 The delivery is hit or miss. Sometimes food is delivered in 20 minutes and other times it's delivered after over an hour. I do live fairly close and would pick up my food if there were parking, but since there isnt I am kind of stuck with delivery. Hopefully the slow delivery isn't because of where I live.
The staff is always awesome and friendly, the food is great, but would recommend not getting fries or anything hot and crunchy delivered. 
Totally recommend the family special.As far as the pizza, it is a solid B+...However, everything else is amazing. Rock solid Chick Parm sandwich, cheese fries are the best, good cheese steak (could use just a touch more meat). Stromboli is a little on the greasy side but great at 2am. 
Overall, the prices are good and the food is solid. Def better pizza in Philly but the sandwiches are great. They get fresh Liscio rolls (seeded soft rolls - amazing) and they are open way late on the weekends.Ordered a B.L.T deluxe with mayonnaise, it was $7.50 and came with no mayonnaise, or tomatoes. I haven't tried the pizza, but I do not recommend the sandwiches.Good service despite 10 minutes til closing time upon arrival. My friend and i were allowed and welcomed to stay when our order was intended to be a take out order and ultimately became a "sit in". 
We both ordered plain cheese which only came out to $5 something. 
im not usually a fan of thin(ner) crispy crust; but i was a fan of this one!
The cheese to sauce ratio was *nearly* spot on, yes im being dramatic but this deserves it because it was unexpected! A bit minimal on the cheese but it didnt matter because the freshness and awesome taste of the sauce made up for it. 
However i did miss the "pull" of the cheese but overall the pizza and this place was pretty great! 10/10 do recommend
I'll be back !Favorite pizza of all time- perfect ratio of sauce and cheese. Crust isn't too thick and not too thin. Not too greasy. Best wings I've ever had-so meaty! Only 2nd time I've had it but we will be frequent flyers  if you ever visit east falls make sure to get food from here. Can't wait to try more things!I wasn't expecting much from this place but I have to say that their cheesesteaks are actually really good, they're delivery is fast, and their prices are great.
It's our go to pizza/steak delivery placePlaced order for a pizza and got the wrong one. Staffs did not apologize for their mistake. They just asked me if I want to take it or not. Pizza was average. I called another time and they told me they are closing early and just hung up on me.I've ordered from here multiple times and the food is always good. Pizza, Cheesesteaks, and Wings are all good choices, especially the breaded wings.Husband and I are new to the area and tried Slices for the first time last nite.  We did pick up via GrubHub.  We ordered the Chicken Bacon Ranch pizza which was SOOO delicious.  We also ordered 8 naked buffalo wings.   They were ok.  I prefer wings more well-done, but they were decent.  I also ordered the Caprese salad with chicken.  I was disappointed in the salad.  I was expecting more for $10.  There were only 3 pieces of mozzarella.  It was just really basic.  Probably just not the best place to get salads...We would definitely order from here again for pizza and perhaps try the cheesesteaks or burgers too.  We loved the free 2L with a $25 purchase.  Now with that cost of soda that is very rare!This is my go to pizza spot, both for pick up and delivery. I like the wheat crust, and they even have a really solid salad! Overall  the pizza is good but not amazing, but it is consistent. Plus they deliver late on weekends. Service is always friendly. 
Side note: Usually my husband tries to dissuade me from ordering a salad ("Not a good value because you're better off making it yourself" bla bla). Even he loves the French Connection salad. Yeah, I capitalized it, because it deserves a bit of respect. Clean fresh spinach, generous toppings, consistent overall size and quality, reasonable price. Everything I want from a salad. Sometimes I just order the salad by itself... for pick up... from a pizza place... because I'm that hooked.