Wawa is like a beacon in a cold, dark world.  I grew up around Sheetz locations, but I have to admit that I prefer Wawa.  The sandwiches are really good, and they have the typical snacks/drinks you would expect from a convenience store.  This particular location is not quite as friendly as the one I go to near the office, but whatever.  I can still walk out with all of my snacking requirements.10/23/2015 at 7:45am Friday TICKET NUMBER 624
One white guy making sandwiches alone. There are two other black female team members was standing around talking about how they got paid today. Not doing a damm thing while he takes all the tickets. The shorter one of the two get's my ticket and mumbles my number and then takes on other orders that have been backing up. They ran out of sauté onions so for 10 mins I stand there watching others after me get their order. She did a piss poor job of correcting the issue. She needs to be retrained on the rule of FIRST IN FIRST OUT. Help out team members on a BUSY FRIDAY MORNING. I will no longer place corporate orders for ANY of our events here at the University because of this incident. She made no effort to correct the problem or respect my busy time. WHY WAS ONE MAN DOING ALL THE TICKETS ON A FRIDAY MORNING! I was lucky enough to have her pick up me as the first ticket to be skipped. I will skip this WAWA from now on.Cheap but good, convenient, and the coffee's just $1 right now - not much to complain about. A variety of fresh, bottled dairy in the coffee section too, not your crappy preserved creamers. The sizzli breakfast sandwiches (particularly the french toast) and donuts are tasty, and it's pretty convenient that sandwiches are ordered via the automated kiosks. The place suits all my grab and go food needs without compromising on quality, so I can definitely see why people around here love Wawa's. Much better than gas station fare and other comparable fast joints.Oh how I miss you, Wawa!
This was the Wawa that I visited frequently for lunch when I worked in Philly.  Now that I work near Au Bon Pain, Sebastian's and Cosi in Cambridge, MA and can no longer afford as many lunches, my heart yearns for thee.
Two staples that made me fat and happy:
Breakfast sandwiches and corn chowder
Their soups are delicious.  They check you out super fast.  Free ATM machines in the back.  Sandwiches are yummy and cheap, and their baked goods were always fresh.
*Sigh*
Well, at least there's now less of me mourning you.3604 Chestnut Wawa, you've really worked on your game. I dunno if I caught you in a bad couple of years last time I reviewed, but you are now my Wawa of choice for when I've had six too many and want my Italian with everything on it, plus pepperoni.
Good on you.They are pretty fast making my sandwich when you think it will be slow considering their crazy crowdness.Sandwich Service is very slow. Sandwiches are not consistent, always different when ordering the same thing. They always have one cashier during rush hours. This Wawa is very busy, why not have more employees working sandwiches and cashier?!I have a subconscious thing against wawa. But they're unfortunately good.
Their sandwiches- amazing!
BUT- the machines to order sandwiches really confuse me sometimes. holy crap.
Their variety of Ben and Jerry's- unrivaled in exoticness.
Reasonably priced considering it's a convenience store.
Coffee more than well-priced.
Some things are expensive, like convenience store novelties- jerkey, chocolate, Pirate Booty.
But the main reason for this review:
A.MAZ.ING. EGG NOG. Catch it in season.Place is great.Just Andrea seems confused at best when doing cashier work.Wawa overall is pretty good, but this location leaves a lot to be desired.  If you are there at night and are hoping to get a stuffed pretzel, forget it.  This Wawa only ever stocks the heated tray items twice per day: Breakfast an Lunch.  The Deli almost always forgets an item for your sandwich, and the workers are not theist friedly people.
Besides those two quibbles, this is a typical Wawa.Can't say I was impressed by my sandwich here at all.  The cheesesteak meat left my roll soggy.  The mac and cheese was average, but it was all a little 'gas station' and a little overpriced too.  Maybe a different Wawa would be better, but I expected more from this little store, it had been talked-up to me a LOT!This is a decent place.  The customized sandwich station is great.  Also their pretzels are quiet tasty.  Though it could be cleaner, the staff could be friendlier and they could carry a wider variety of food-stuffsA very respectable Wawa. Occasionally crowded, but recently renovated (it was worth the wait) and very clean.On one hand I was baffled at how long it took to get our soup given that it wasn't very crowded here.  On the other hand I love the salted caramel coffee drink and that they have packets of honey to take.  Despite taking longish to get it, the soup was piping hot and hit the spot - I really like Wawa's soups!  The staff was friendly.  Not a bad location in a pleasant, walkable area.This Wawa is located in a busy area but the staff seems to handle the pressure well. I dislike the selection of coffee, too much regular. I'm a fan of dark roast but it's usually not available. My advice brew different flavors of coffee and keep it hot.Wawa is a good stop for a quick bite. Their sandwiches and wraps are actually pretty good, as are their hash browns (you can't beat 99 cents!). Even though the lines look long, they go by quickly, even during the noon lunch hour. 
Thank goodness this place is across the street from work!There were long lines for food and check out at lunchtime on a Sunday. Only 1 cashier was working! She was friendly though and trying to keep things moving as best she could. The coffee bar area was messy with a lot of trash and spilled cream everywhere. It seemed like they were just understaffed at the time. 
The breakfast panini I got was delicious, the bread was crispy grilled and buttery and topped with a thick slab of scrambled eggs. I ordered veggies and I just got some baby spinach, i was expecting roasted peppers or something. Coffee was fresh. They have a pumpkin spice blend for fall, which is one of my guilty pleasures -love it!I just love wawa. My go to meal is the macaroni and cheese with mashed potatoes and chicken strips. It's a great place to pick up a quick breakfast. Unbelievable hash browns. Service is usually nice, the food comes out in reasonable time. Warm and fairly priced. 
Best day is free coffee day though. Any size. Self service.It really pains me to see such bad customer service at wawa because being a philly native I grew up loving wawa and last night was the biggest turn off I have ever had. I ordered two chicken cheesesteaks complete my order and being to wait for my number to be called it is a normal size line for 2am I figure it might take 8-12 min and I'm fine with that 10mins pass and they call my number, but only to tell me they are out of chicken at this point I'm disappointed but fine I will take steak but my girlfriend doesn't eat beef so I asked for a veggie hoagie and asked if we could get maybe something extra exchange for not getting the beef (soup,Mac n chz, Cinnabon) anything a she rudely replys no, then advices me that if I don't like her response to my question I can take it up with her manager "Taylor" so I step out of line to talk to Taylor and she is even ruder than the other girl she's like "I can reimburse me your and you can take your money elsewhere" but this is the whole reason I came to wawa because they are reliable and I really like them since I've been going here since my whole life so after being insulted I returned the sand which window maybe 5-7min later still no sandwich. We ended up waiting 22min for something we didn't want and got insulted in the process not coming here again thank you again though.A pretty standard Wawa, good-sized for a city Wawa, but small compared to non-city Wawas.  This place is a zoo during the Monday-Friday lunch hours, and you might get caught waiting a decent amount of time if you ordered a sandwich.  So that's not really cool.  The people who work here are pretty friendly, even when it is super busy.  So that's pretty cool.  ATM doesn't have a silly service charge.  That's Wawa standard and that is great.  I recommend going to use their ATM and then buying a Tollhouse Chipwich and a newspaper.I come here more than I should. 
It's always packed during lunchtime, but the cashiers are friendly and the lines move quickly.
Salads and sandwiches are reasonably priced and acceptably edible.
I confess....I really enjoy the Turkey Bowl. 
Thanksgiving, wawa style.
I hang my head in shame. 
Oh yes, free ATMs. Joy!This is a prime location and super convenient. It does tend to get pretty packed for breakfast and lunch times. The wait can sometimes be long depending on what time of day you go in. The service is OK but the selection of snacks and drinks is great. My food always has what I ordered in it but I can't say much about presentation and neatness. 
Wawa will always be bae lol 
Candy selection is amazing, drink selection is vast. For breakfast they always have breakfast sandwiches and hashbrowns by the registers; lunch time you'll find bagel sandwiches and a variety of chicken things. Coffee is always fresh, the coffee station is always fully packed. For breakfast I'm usually getting a breakfast burrito, it's very tasty.Oh Wawa - good, cheap, ever-reliable munchie heaven... Twenty-four-seven. Makes for the ultimate love-hate relationship, especially if you live right near it like I do.
The sandwiches are really the central offering here, but I've made a few other deadly discoveries: the iced coffee and milkshakes. I'm used to having a barista prepare my iced coffee, as opposed to a massive grumbling chunk of machinery, but this stuff is GOOD. It's pre-sweetened, pre-lactated (poor word choice? I think yes), super yummy, and delightfully refreshing!! It somehow strikes the perfect level of coldness (and look ma, no ice cubes!!). 
You can also "make" your own milkshake by taking a cup (basically filled with ice cream) and sticking it in another machine, which will then proceed to slash away at the ice cream with a couple of blades until it reaches your desired thickness. I always complain about runny milkshakes, but should you select the "thick milkshake" option (yeah baby), you won't be having that problem here - trust.I used to pop in here almost every day for breakfast or lunch during one summer where I worked just next door. There's always a line in the morning and at lunchtime from all the university staff and students in the area, but the service is swift and the food is pretty tolerable. Prices aren't horrible, either, for being in University City.
Favorite drink from here has always been the Wawa Green Iced Tea... could drink that in the half-gallons it came in! Mac and beef is always a good option, and the thick homestyle chicken noodle was good, too.
The hot sandwiches under the heat lamps... avoid those. Get your sandwiches freshly done. I liked the ability to order your custom sandwiches and soups, etc. at the touch screens. And they're fairly generous with portions.  Fresh Philly soft pretzels in the morning, too.This Wawa location is very busy in the morning, but the staff handles the volume very well. You can really see them acting as a team, and one of the ladies at the cash register is like the store mom. Service is with a smile, and I am in, out, and on my way in a matter of minutes. 
The workers seem happy despite the hustle. The coffee is fresh, and the usual selection of Wawa goods is available. As a native to the area, I love Wawa, and this location is no exception.This place is pretty well-run - it's always clean, they throw salt down outside when it's snowing, there's always plenty of coffee (only 79 cents for a refill if you bring your own mug), and the staff is friendly.  It's a nice option for breakfast or lunch in a part of University City when you're tired of the food trucks on Market between 36th and 34th.This is the worst wawa I've ever been to. I've been here multiple times and ordered food and almost every time they get the order wrong.It's a Wawa so by virtue of its very existence, it already has my favor.  This one is located right across the street from Vance, which gives yours truly reassurance that coffee and sandwiches will be in plentiful supply for the next 2 years - even without a company-provided Alterra brewer and Birdbath Bakery.  Overall, it's your standard Wawa with decent service and all of the usual offerings.  I do love the chicken salad and am very glad to see that I can now order it in platter form, with my selection of veggie toppings and condiments.  Plus, Hoagiefest is now in full force!  I can imagine that it is packed during the academic year but hopefully the undergrads will be back in the dining halls?  Maybe...When I went to Penn, this was THE Wawa - complete with the welcoming comittee of "usual" homeless guys - the same ones day after day.
They do alot of business at this well-travelled location.
\Smokes, coffee, junk food, sandwiches, ice cream - everything a college kid might need at the last minute.Apparently throwing a bag of Mac n cheese in the warmer is too difficult a task for this place to comprehend. After I waited twenty minutes the girl behind the counter stared flipping shit when she called my number and I walked up to get my food because they were "out of warm food so I have to get a refund". I'll make sure my laser vision/telekinesis so I can see though counter tops and read your mind is on point next time.This is one of the busiest Wawas that I have seen. On many occasions, the bar with the condiments for the coffee has been totally disgusting. There seems to be only one cashier for all of the people in line waiting to pay. I have to go there since there are not many Wawas in the area.A clean Wawa in a very convenient location. They have the usual convenience store foods and drinks, plus other things such as freshly made sandwiches, quesadillas, Mac N cheese (which I got), donuts, milkshakes, and flurries. They also have decently priced good quality bananas and other fruit. 
The mac and cheese is decent for late night cravings, but it definitely tasted like the cheese was made from a powder. The milkshake was thick and smooth, and a good buy.I'm a Wawa fan, generally, but this particular location is not getting it done, especially the sandwich counter. The Wawa veggie sub is mediocre at best. At this location, my sub has usually been made with the sort of love and care generally afforded a Manson family victim. Just because it's a sub doesn't mean it should be soaking wet. WTS?I'm basing this review largely on one incident that was partly my fault but still left a bad taste in my mouth.
I came to this location after my work shift so it's a little after midnight and regardless, this Wawa was packed. I only wanted a hot latte so after putting in my order I braved myself to stand in the line, which only had one cashier and was at least 12 people deep because everyone had to buy their cigarettes. That could be a whole different review, but the cigarette buying process is an endeavor in itself.
My latte was made fairly quickly and the line had not budged so....whatever, I leave my place in line to pick up my drink and go back and wait. The surly drink maker looked at me like I had roaches coming out my eyes when I went up to her and asked if this were my latte, can I just have it while I wait in line, so nobody mistakes it for theirs and takes it?
I know the Wawa rules but it wasn't like I was gonna book it out the door as soon as I got my $3 coffee. Instead, this lady does not give me the coffee and rudely tells me "why don't you go back and wait in line" with such a nasty attitude it took all my might not to tell her to f off. 
So I waited in the long time. While I was waiting, a guy went up to the coffee counter, looking a little confused, and took my latte off the counter.
I'm not dealing with this. I left the line and went over to the 38th street Wawa. Had my coffee and out the door within 5 minutes. 
Anyway like I said, I knew the rules and "broke them" but really, I don't look like a thief. This place just ain't great with customer service and the lines are always long.Everyone loves Wawa. That's a fact. That's science.
Which makes it all the more surprising that this Wawa has a lowly 3.5 star rating... Even more surprising yet is the fact that a couple of the 3 star reviews actually seem fairly laudatory. Are these reviewers comparing this University City oasis to some suburban Wawa ideal? The world may never know...
I find that there is very little not to like about this Wawa. Yeah, they could stock a few more cereals and I really wish they carried Double Stuf Oreos, but they can't have everything... Because then they'd be a grocery store. 
I also wish that I didn't order gross sandwiches while drunk so often, but that's not exactly their fault... Though perhaps they should consider adding a confirmation page that asks, "Are you sure, dummy?" when you order something greasy and gross between midnight and 4am.
Those minor quasi-complaints aside, I love this Wawa. It's always open, it's clean and brightly lit, and it has an excellent selection of Ben & Jerry's.36th and Chestnut Wawa, why must you keep your tampons in a locked glass case? Do you know how embarrassing it is to ask a sales associate to open the case, then have the sales associate yell across to the store to a co-worker to bring him the key, then stand by and WATCH as I pick out my box of tampons? Are these particular tampons made of gold, or perhaps the rarest cotton in Mozambique? It eludes me.Hoagiefest!
6 inch 2.99 subs can't be beat.
The ordering system for the hoagies may take the uninitiated by surprise at first but it is fairly intuitive.  The coffee at Wawa is also extremely underrated, especially the mocha iced coffee. 
Wawa is the king in Philly and Southern Jersey for comfort food on the go.This Wawa is packed because of its location, and thusly a little slow. I do find the staff a little rude and inefficient. Takes forever to get a hoagie in this place.
However, they are the only Wawa I've encountered that offered mac and beef as a side. MAC AND BEEF. I drove around to a bunch of other Wawas on other days to try and find it, but to no avail. Even this Wawa, it seems, only had it for that one day.
BRING BACK THE MAC AND BEEF.Okay, Wawa is actually really good. The sandwiches are better than most chain shops like JJs, Subway, etc. and excellently toasted. They are also pretty cheap and don't forget about free coffee day and all the other deals they have.
The oreo flurricane is on another level. If you have ever been disappointed in a Mcflurry as I have, this is the order for you. The flurricane is everything a Mcflurry ever wanted to be. Loaded with oreos and well-mixed, Mcflurries can only dream of becoming flurricanes. They are also huge- while they cost about as much as a Mcflurry, they are over twice the size I want to say. 
Overall: Break up with your partner? Flurricane. Rough exam? Flurricane. Want an ice cream dessert? Flurricane. Dissapointed by Mcds? Flurricane. The only thing the flurricane cannot do is bring my grandparents back.Wawa is what got me through first year of law school.  The hoagies are large and cheap, they make em fast, there's always a ton of chips and snacks selection, and they give you a discount if you bring your own mug for coffee.  People love the free ATM here and there's plenty of ice cream and other terrible foods to get you through a hellish night or week of studying.  Their flatbreads are quite good too!  I like the chicken and the pepperoni.Convenient location, but overcrowded most of the time. Coffee is always fresh and snacks seem well stocked.
Sometimes feels understaffed, especially at checkout. Lines can take a while when there's only 1 cashier open.I recently went to Philly because I wanted a good cheesesteak.  Tony Luke's was alright but  I think Wawa was a lot better value for the money.  We don't have Wawa in NY so I really wanted to see if the hoagies were as good as I read about.  This particular Wawa in the UPenn area was pretty nondescript.  Inside it looked like a bigger and better version of 7-11.  
I ended up getting an Italian hero because it seemed pretty basic and a good baseline for the Wawa experience.  I got it with a little bit of oil and vinegar.  It was the 10 inch version and the total came out to $7.01.  I was blown away by the price because I don't think you can find a full Italian hero in NY for less than like $10 minimum.  Of course you can't compare Wawa to a genuine Italian hero but still.  
I took the hoagie to a nearby Panera Bread and ate it there.  The hoagie wasn't the biggest sub ever, but it was decently sized.  I believe they put ham and salami in there along with lettuce, onions, and provolone.  
The experience of eating this thing was pretty interesting.  Because there is nothing really special about the hoagie and it's far from the best sandwich ever.  However, it was just so solid for the price.  There was nothing spectacular about the hoagie, but also nothing glaringly offensive about it either.  All in all, it was a really enjoyable eat.  The bread was fairly chewy.  The cold cuts were pretty tasty.  The provolone went well with the cold cuts.  The hoagie was just so easy to continue biting into.  After I finished it I had a bigass smile on my face.  
I was so happy with my Wawa hoagie that I stopped off at another Wawa on my way home and got a 6 inch Meatball hoagie ($4.89 total).  That was also pretty solid too.  I also got a medium coffee ($1.65) and 2 kit kats for $2.  I'm definitely a huge fan of Wawa now.Wawa is the best convenience store on this side of the Atlantic*, but this particular location is a bit lacking.  I don't know if they cut a no-competition deal with Cereality or what, but their cereal offerings are limited to a single box of Cheerios hidden away on a bottom shelf.  WTF, Wawa?  Don't you know that cereal is one of the four student food groups?  I had to trek all the way up to Fresh Grocer just to get some freaking Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
*except Famima!!, which doesn't fully count as American anywayThis is not a review of Wawas in general inasmuch as a review of this particular location. I lived near Penn's other Wawa on Spruce and it is leagues above this one. Friendly staff, clean milkshake dispensers, speedy food...the simple things in life.
Unfortunately, this location is not as great... I don't think I've ever been here in the last 6 mo without 5-6 people in front of me (compare to Spruce's average 2-3) and an average food wait time noticeably longer. Finally, the last two times I've gotten coffee here, it tasted weird...I thought Wawa had just changed its formula but I went to the Spruce Wawa, and nope, the Caffeine Wake Up Mocha tasted great in the other location. I only write this review because I live nearby and I want this to be the best Wawa on Penn's campus!!Weird layout which makes lunch time a struggle! Outdated machines so scanning gift cards on my cell phone is impossible, so I hold up the line having to type it in. My BLT was made poorly, with ingredients falling out and spread unevenly, but the tomatoes and lettuce are fresh so there's that. The chicken noodle soup has a good flavor, but the pasta in it is pretty bland and not a great texture, plus the chicken breast has a weird texture. Wawa has been slipping, or maybe I'm just growing out of it!Another great Wawa. Wawa is known for its above '& beyond abilities to serve people better than another gas station. Wawa is more than that. The store is clean and well kept. Products are where they're supposed to be on the shelves. Wawa has great subs too. You're able to customize what you want on the sandwiches and if you want them hot or cold. Great place.Ordered beef burrito bowl with extra salsa and avocado. Instead of extra, I got specifically NO salsa or avocado. I assume they either don't know what the word "extra" means or were deliberately trying to annoy me.if not for Wawa, I'm not quite sure I would have survived my first year of college.
HOAGIES!  Being able to walk into Wawa at 4 am during finals week and grabbing food to go is definitely a check-plus in my book! Yum...I could do with some food right now.  The other sandwich counter food is worth checking out as well!
Okay, so there have been a few iffy moments.  There was the time where the sandwich counter didn't have lettuce for a while. (What? That's like, essential!)  Then there's the lack of drink and milkshake tops, which is annoying no matter what time of day.  The workers are a tad bit on the lazy side... 
Wawa is one of those things that college has addicted me to.  It's right up there next to caffeine.  But seriously, those milkshakes have pulled me through hard times!
Viva la Wawa!This place is amazing. It's very clean and the service is fast. The ingredients are always fresh and I can rely on this place for a breakfast, lunch, or dinner on the go. There's a lot of variety and it's in a great location.Hello. We purchased our meals last night from the 36th & Chestnut location. Ticket number 485. My wife makes amazing meals but we decided to stop there after our Kelly Drive walk. Imagine our surprise after longing for chicken quesadillas oozing with gooey goodness only to find goo. The tortillas were uncooked/untoasted, the chicken was undone and the bacon was soggy. Wife tried to salvage hers bug putting it in the toaster oven but then she just felt sick and lie faint in the middle of the living room floor. We love Wawa. The lemon muffin with the perfect dollop of cream ever so tastefully placed in the center...the sweet cream cheese of a warm stuffed pretzel...We just wanted that same sensation last night. Something enjoyable, which we did not receive.