I needed a few ingredients for fish tacos and was happy to see that 12th Street Cantina had an area devoted to canned goods, tortillas, and fresh salsa, kind of awesome. So why the two stars?
The person behind the counter had no clue what he was doing.  When I asked if they had chipotle in adobo sauce, he had no clue what that was. Ok. Can I also please have some chihuahua (cheese)? I had to point out where it was in the case. I also got some tortillas. This came to $9.59. Sweet. But no, he wouldn't let me use my credit card due to a $10 minimum.
As an FYI, there is no legal minimum allowed for a credit card. Stores do this so that they are making enough off of the sale to pay for the transaction cost, which is fine, I understand. But for $0.41 cents you're going to put the sale in jeopardy? 
I ended up getting some fresh salsa (which, honestly wasn't very good) as well to put me over the limit, but you can assume I will not be returning here for future purchases.
Good customer service is worth much more than $0.41, 12th St. Cantina.Don't waste your time, seriously. Ive visited a couple times recently, bringing family from out of town on one occasion. The food was undercooked. The staff is extremely disrespectful. And there are many other places in Philadelphia selling delicious tacos without the hassle. Check out Dos Tacos instead.This place seemed to have such a mix of reviews, I had to try it for myself to see where I fell on the like-dislike spectrum. 
Got in line around lunch time, but felt like this line could have definitely moved faster. I was kind of surprised how slow it was given both the number of employees and the volume. I ordered the chicken mole burrito, which I found to be on the bland side, unfortunately. I think the only thing in the burrito that was well seasoned was the rice. I can't say that I was a fan of the burrito in general. The cherry on top was how the guacamole is put on using an ice cream scooper. Can't they just use a large serving spoon instead?! I do like how their POS system is iPad based unlike the majority, if not, all of RTM. I would much rather go to Chipotle.I've been here before love the food 
The service is better on Saturdays
I stood right in front of the guy & he never asked what I wanted but after I asked someone else where to make my order he noticed me
"At least notice to customer in front of you"Guess you could say that celebrating National Burrito Day a day late is better than not celebrating this very special day at all. Following a joyous dismissal from jury duty on Friday, I made a beeline to the RTM's 12th Street Cantina with a mission to pre-spend my juror bucks check on a burrito. The chicken burrito--loaded with every optional ingredient possible--was large and delicious. The behind-the-counter staff were upbeat and friendly. A joyous jury duty dismissal morphed into a joyous National Burrito Day celebration!
Lesson for the day, excerpted from the National Day Calendar: National Burrito Day is observed annually on the first Thursday in April. The word burrito first appeared in the Dictionary of Mexicanisms in 1895. It is the term used in the Guanajuato region and means little donkey in Spanish. It is possible that it stems from the appearance of the packs and bedrolls donkeys used to carry. In other regions of Mexico, similar types of food are known as flauta.How could you not visit Reading Terminal Market when visiting Philly?  Of course you have to go.  I just wished that I picked a different lunch option other than 12th Street Cantina.  It looked appealing and mouth watery but in the end -- it was nothing special.  I ordered a salad with grilled chicken.  The salad ingredients were not well proportioned, they do not give much chicken and it's pretty bland.  Definitely much better Mexican spots in the area.This location is a counter in Reading Terminal Market.  There's a small dedicated seating section, or you can find a table in the Market's  central seating area.  Service is quick, and the line never gets outrageous.
The chicken mole is good; a little more sweet and smoky than it is spicy.  The quesadillas are pretty good, but maybe cost a little more for the amount of food you get than most of the other things on the menu.  The rice and beans that make meals a "platter" are not as interesting as the main items, so I would advise people who want more food to go a la carte and add one of the smaller main items to your order.  There's fresh(ish) limeade and some kind of fruit shake.
I haven't tried the baked goods, yet, but they look good--although not really Mexican in any way (cake, brownies, etc.).I had two pork soft tacos with guacamole! I have not had that good of tacos in years. Manager was super friendly and proud of his tacos! Highly recommend!In Reading Terminal Market the only option you have for "Mexican" food is 12th Street Cantina and the management/employees are definitely aware of this fact. The food is really hit or miss, I've had great meals there and I've had abysmal meals, it really is just luck of the draw. When I worked in the market I would stop by about once or twice a month to pick up lunch so I was able to sample pretty much everything on their menu, as well as most of their "take home goods" such as tortillas, cheeses, and salsas, and I can honestly say that out of all their products my favorites are their quesadillas and salsa verde and my least favorites are their nachos and black bean burritos.
First, the good. The counter personnel are very nice and they keep the line moving at a quick pace, plus they know all about their products which is a big plus. They also have a dedicated seating area for their customers which is a great thing to have in a crowded place like Reading Terminal and because of this it makes eating your meal a munch more relaxing endeavor than if you had to find a seat somewhere else in the market. The salsa tastes fresh and they have a wide variety of flavors (mild, hot, pico de gallo, verde, etc...) to choose from, plus they don't mind if you want to mix more than one variety. The serving sizes are very generous, especially the burritos which are so packed full of ingredients that they usually fall apart within 30 seconds of getting them (I guess this is sort of a bad thing as well though). Their quesadillas are just as big and they have no problem stuffing them with whatever ingredients you request (try the pinto beans with chicken, salsa verde, and cheese with guac on top!).
Now for the not so good. 12th Street's nachos are legitimately the exact same kind you made at home as a kid for an after school snack. A plate piled with chips, topped with cheese, and nuked in the microwave before being topped with salsa and lettuce before being served. I really wish they would melt the cheese in a way that didn't involve a microwave but it is what it is I guess. As for the burritos, they are very filling which is a plus, but that's only because they add a tremendous amount of filler such as beans and sour cream. As I mentioned before they never stay wrapped for more than 30 seconds, seriously I've never eaten one their that has stayed together, ever. The beans also taste like they came straight out of a can bought from Sysco and at times they are unevenly heated (half steaming hot/half barely luke warm) which isn't how I expect my beans to taste when I get Mexican cuisine.
All in all 12th Street Cantina is an "OK" place to eat, but better options definitely exist within Reading Terminal. Give it a try and see what you think for yourself, if you like it, great, if not just head to another eatery in the market next time and chalk it up to a learning experience.This is one of my favorite places to eat in Reading Terminal, mainly because I am a sucker for fish tacos. I get them almost every time I come, except once and a while I will opt for the burrito bowl with chicken, which I also enjoy. Everything is very fresh and the staff has always been friendly. Its also nice that they have their own seating, as it can be hard to come by anywhere else in the market.Update
Nothing changes.  Walked by and checked counters out on Sept 11, 2018.  Filthy.Mediocre food, surly service, prices high for what you get. Oh, and if you have a bright yellow sticker on your shirt that says "Juror" don't expect to get the 10% juror discount without asking for it. The Terminal deserves betterI live in Maryland and travel to Philadelphia quite often.  I've eaten here for 20+ years and have never had a bad meal!  Yesterday I tried the Fish Tacos and they were amazing!  The ingredients are fresh, the service wonderful and the ambiance of the 'market' just adds to a great experience!  Love this place, always have and will always go back again!!Overall it was a disappointing visit.
The major positive: the employees were super positive and friendly. 
The kinda positive: The steak taco was pretty good. The pork taco was not great. It was an underwhelming meal.
Again on the plus side, they have seating available next to their booth, which in the busy Reading Terminal Market is a major plus.
But overall I wish I had chosen to eat somewhere else.One of our group absolutely loved the fish tacos she got here. We ended up sitting here with our food from various booths in the market. Towards the end of our meal, I went up to the counter to buy another drink. I was waiting in line, small-talking with another customer in line. When it was my time to order, the employee gave me my drink for FREE after I had waited in line for a bit longer than I should have without ordering any of their food. He apologized for the long wait and the run-around of having me stand in the food line. GREAT service and friendly staff, not just this guy. Would definitely come back.Rude Employees always make you feel like an inconvenience- but pretty good MexicanI got their steak burrito and it was delicious! Friendly staff and delicious food - I will definitely be back!Was starving and didn't have a lot of time to commit to waiting in line at any of the other over-crowded vendors at RTM, so I grabbed a quick taco to hold me over until an actual meal later in the day. I got chicken, the green salsa, lettuce and cheese and hooooly moly was he a spicy one. Pleasant surprise! The chicken was really fresh and the service was friendly. Would for sure come here again in a similar circumstance.This is still my go-to place for simple Mexican food around City Hall.  I stick to the basics: chicken mole or fish taco platters with rice and beans - topped with a mix of hot green and mild red salsas.  It's a filling - if potentially messy - and tasty meal, all for about seven bucks (sans drink).  The staff is consistently friendly.  And they have their own seating space, which is kinda key at the Reading Terminal Market during any midday.  If you prefer your meals gargantuan, get one of the burrito platters, which will fill up all but the most monstrous of tummies.This was my second time coming here. First round was fish tacos I wasn't impressed with but the service was good. This time the service given by I'm guessing to be the manager was good minus the cashier who had an attitude. I'm not sure if it was too early in the day for her to be interacting with people or she needed coffee. Didn't appreciate the eye rolling sobbing attitude. She acted like it was an inconvenience to ring me up. The burrito was okay. Tasted like it was missing ingredients.I can two chicken tacos which I enjoyed! Definitely could've had more flavor but overall the tortillas were soft and the chicken was tasty. The staff was visibly annoyed by the presence of people (not a long line by any means) and weren't really communicating with each other which led to a lot of confusion. I never knew they had private seating so that was a nice bonus!
Food - Good
Service - MehNo more tamales this time :( 
But I had a delicious chicken quesadilla this time around and still loved it! Their spicy pork is also really good and works very well in a bowl. 
My quesadilla came with a side of chips and sour cream and salsa. I ordered a side of guac to go with my meal and it was perfection. I was really full after I finished my quesadilla. 
The guys behind the counter were super nice and got me my meal very quickly.Bland flavors, half-assed execution, overpriced, and generally not very good.  I've had several lunches here, including burritos, tacos, and taco salads.  Every visit has been a disappointment.  
It should be hard to mess up the basic ingredients of Mexican food but  12th Street Cantina somehow manages.   The beans are flavorless, the salsa is runny and has no kick, and the guacamole might as well  be green spackle.
The cantina's recipes are completely uninspired, too.  The vegetarian burrito has beans, cheese, guacamole, salsa - but no rice, and conspicuously, no actual veggies.    The taco salad has - you guessed it - nachos, meat, cheese, lettuce and salsa.   Even Taco Bell will mix it up some, throw in some different flavors; these guys just do the bare minimum to get by. 
Combine the lackluster food with hefty prices - $8 for a burrito, for example - and 12th Street Cantina is actually worse than Taco Bell.  Seriously, save your money and go to Taco Bell - at least your disappointment will be cheap.Portions are huge, ingredients are fresh, and service is friendly. 
I've been avoiding this cantina for years after having a couple bad experiences with poor customer service and mediocre food. But I decided to give them a second chance after noticing they went through some recent renovations. They not only updated their look, but brought in a more efficient & friendlier staff, and improved their menu.  
I got the chicken mole naked burrit which is very similar to the burrito bowl at Chipotle. It came with a huge portion of chicken mole, guacamole, fresh salsa, cheese, & sour cream over rice & beans. The ingredients all looked fresh and the flavors were all very good but the chicken was a bit overcooked & dry. For such a huge bowl at $8, I really can't complain. This isn't the most authentic Mexican food but it will certainly do in a pinch.Okay...can we say own seating area!! This was an added plus when I ventured to the market on a busy Saturday afternoon! 
I chose to order two Flank Steak Tacos and one Chicken Taco. The flank steak was not seasoned like I expected it to be which left a sad feeling  on my palate. That is until I bit into the chicken taco. Their chicken is flavorful..just how I expect a Mexican dish to be. My Line Sister had the Naked Burrito bowl and raved about, it so it had to be good!
 I can say I will come again I just will be sure I stick to the chicken taco! Also, one random thing I noticed were their black beans were a little dry and lifeless so I steered clear...hopefully they breathe some live into those beans soon! lol!oh, thank god I finally found a decent place to get burritos at lunch time.  I've only eaten here once since my initial discovery last week but I plan on going back many, many times.  the food isn't authentic but I really don't care about that as long as it's good, which it is.  and reasonably priced too!  and they have a cute little seating area where you can people watch and wonder things like where the Amish people who work at the Reading Terminal sleep.I"m surprised at all the mediocre reviews this place is getting.  They provide quick service and decent food.  Ok, maybe it's not the most authentic mexican food, but it is made fresh and they are generous with their portions...what more could you ask for?  My favorite is the chicken mole platter where you have 2 choices of either salad, rice or beans.  Whenever I order that the guys yells "Soft Taco!" and it always cracks me up.   The best part is that they have their own private seating which provides you with a little more privacy from the hustle and bustle of the market around it.  They also have an area designated as a market where you can purchase some of the ingredients used in their dishes.  I like their tortilla chips and fresh salsa.  They also have desserts that look very tasty, but by the time I'm finished eating I have no room for dessert.  This is a great place for a quick and filling lunch.Stopped by the market for something yummy for lunch. Saw someone get a burrito from this joint and noticed how huge it was. Ordered the veggie burrito and got refried beans, pico, lettuce, ya know the works. I loved the size of it and that there was plenty of seating. Tortilla was nice and soft. Sadly, I wasn't a big fan of the guac... it was pretty chunky (more like sliced avocado in the burrito). Veggies weren't anything special but overall, it filled me up. Things got messy, too, when eating and I couldn't find any napkins--maybe that was on me. I recommend this spot if you have meat as the base and say no to the guac.Walked by the unit for years.  This week I stopped and bought food.  I can't tell you what it was like as I threw it away!
Difficult to get served at 10.30am, cooks busy in the rear and I was ignored.  No other customers in the vicinity. Eventually served by a lackluster employee.
After paying I realized how filthy   the counters, cash register etc were.
I asked to speak with the manager who eventually was found.  He promised to 'have it seen to'.  That was Wednesday, Aug 15, 2018.
Made a special 'slide' by today-Friday, Aug 17,  2018. @ 10.30am.
After a full 48 hrs the place remained untouched.
Nasty.
I'll look next week too.Tucked in the middle spot of Reading Terminal Market. They had some tamales on display. Since my friend wanted to eat some Mexican, she did her order here for a tamales plate. All I wanted is to try one, so I went a single order of pork tamales.
Pork Tamales: It was alright, a little heavy on the masa. Its not one of those ones that you can just eat by itself. It definitely presented well though. Only drawback is that you have to drown it in salsa for it so it wouldn't suck all the moisture out of your mouth. 
The location is pretty good, plus all of their employees are super nice. The place is definitely clean and they even have their own dining space. Aside from all that, I had a pleasant experience here.
Thank you for reading my review. I hope all that stuff helps. Enjoy your awesome yelptastic day!!just not good. The reading terminal market is supposed to be a collection of the best of Philly, oh and this place, apparently. My quesadilla was somehow crunchy, and not in a good way, after a mile walk back to my office. I was worried that it would be soggy. In addition to the inappropriate sogginess, the portion was meager and just not that great. Avoid, avoid avoid.The only Mexican food I can eat without regret. The naked burritos are revolutionary. And you must get their home made chips.I haven't actually tried the food and hereby delcare that I'm falling into the familiar Yelp trope of canning a place based on a bad service experience. Yes, cliche, but I think it needs to be said, particularly as other Yelpers are voicing their concerns about the treatment suffered on customers of 12th Street Cantina
Pros
-Lots of authentic Mexican food ingredients.
Cons
-Service - Sunday hours posted online and in compliance with Reading Terminal writ large are 9-5. Yesterday, I was getting set to plate some fish tacos at home for dinner and arrived at RT at 4:30pm on the nose. First stop: 12th Street Cantina for fresh-made flour tortillas. Instead I got tortilla-fail with a side of 'tude from the cash-register lady who was already busy closing her register. I asked with best sad face, whether it was too late to get some tortillas and she kinda glanced over her shoulder at the tortillas in the fridge, and then back at me, mulling it over before saying, no, I've already closed my register. That's bad business.
-Price - the going rate for a little bottle of Cholula Hot Sauce is $3.95 pretty much as a given. 12th Street Cantina jobbed me to the tune of $4.99 (are you out of your mind?).The burritos here are the size of small babies. I had the bean, rice and cheese burrito and for 6 bucks it filled me up for at least 8 hours! They've got great side sauces at the condiment bar (go for the green one).THE SERVICE HERE IS TERRIBLE!  I just got back from RTM, on a sunday afternoon.  Normally this is always a great time, because it is not Saturday afternoon ( which is Wicked busy as we all know ).  The cook and the register man / server moved as if they would die if they took more than one step a minute.    Do not go back on Sundays.  
Also, the food is not great - beans were dry, tortilla was dry and tasteless, chicken was not even worth ordering it.   
Visiting this place almost ruined my day.  
Terrible.I used to treat myself every Friday to a fantastic plate of simple yet delicious nachos when I worked in the city.  I came into town for the flower show and couldn't wait for those nachos and that is where the one star comes in to play.  The worker was spooning 'cheese sauce' on the chips (see picture)!!  Hello?  Where is the chihuahua?  They explained that they didn't have enough cheese so during the flower show they were using sauce - which btw was horrible!  Bye bye cantina - never again...Fresh tasty ingredients and food made with care and love evident when I ordered two chicken hard shell tacos.  Tortillas were heated and braised to perfection.  Fresh cilantro and guac were amazing.  Just a joy.I really hate to give anything a bad review, much less a restaurant. I can appreciate how hard they work.  I am always in the Reading Terminal and wanted to try this place. I love Mexican and Southwestern food and thought this might be a regular place for me.  I thought I would start slow by getting the salsa to go with the tacos I made at home.  I was so disappointed with this salsa.  It was old, tasteless, and really horrible.  It was really my fault for not making my own but I thought this place would at least have good salsa.  I mean, even Chipotle has good salsa and that's a chain! It should at least be fresh.  I am so glad I did not get anything else.  I will never go there again.  Very, very disappointed.The food was pretty generic.  This would be OK with me if my burrito and rice did not cost nearly 10 dollars.
I could have went to a real Mexican dive and gotten better food for about five dollars.
Also, the wait is unbearable for this type of food at this price. A plus is that the quantity of food is pretty good.I've been coming here since I've been 10 and I'm now 33.   My father used to bring me when I was a kid, then I passed the tradition onto my nephew.  Over the past 6 months things have changed, you have a woman who works at the register and she is flat out mean, rude and argumentative with everyone from what I see when I'm in line.   
The magnetic strip on my card wouldn't scan on your machine and she was enraged that she had to put it in manually.   
The other thing I overheard was one of the young men who was helping make the food tell his co worker how much he hated working at 12th street cantina.   
I remember when the owner Michelle would work the counter and she always remembered everyone's name and always have service with a smile.    
I came the other day and the friendly staff worked told me I should come in on Sunday thru Tuesday, that's when you will get friendly service.    It's sad that after all of these years that I've been coming service has changed.   The food is also not as fresh as well, but I'm still a loyal customer with the hopes that service will one day be what it used to be.Not quite sure why there are such mixed reviews on this place. I actually really liked it! 
First of all, they have tamales. Not most Mexican taco places have tamales. I love tamales but it's so hard to get them in places! 
Second, they make tacos the way I like it. The ground beef is just that - plain ground beef. None of that fancy, frilly stuff some taco places like to add into the meat here in NYC. I literally got everything I liked on tacos - ground beef, cheese, guac, sour cream and a mild sauce. And it really, really hit the spot. 
I wish there was more places like this in NYC for when you just want a plain, down-to-earth taco without all the frills.Came here for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. I didn't know what to make of it based off the Yelp reviews but gave it a shot anyways. 
I ordered a burrito with grilled chicken, rice, refried beans, lettuce, queso fresco, verde salsa, and jalapenos. It tasted fresh and the jalapenos made it a bit spicier than I was expecting but overall, enjoyable. I was full and for ~7 bucks, it was worth my money.Not bad, but not great. Price is not bad compared to other stores in the market, but I don't see myself coming back here when there is so much more to choose from in that building.I can honestly say this is the worst burrito I have ever eaten. I ordered the chicken and black bean burrito and asked for sour cream inside. What I got was a runny mess of black bean puree with sour cream, a few dry pieces of chicken and a few green peppers (which I hate). No salsa, no flavor... I was really hungry when I got there and I threw half of it away. I seriously wanted a food do-over so I could pick anything else in the entire Reading Terminal market. Not to mention that the counter people we're completely unfriendly. A real downer of a lunch.Food was amazing, and service was fine...definitely not as bad as some reviews have been saying. I got their new taco salad bowl and it was amazing! The beef was seasoned to perfection, and the guacamole is phenomenal. Also got the nachos supreme, amazing as well! Nothing to complain about.Stopped by there when spending the day at the Convention Center at the Flower Show. I don't  know which place was more crowded, Reading Market or the Flower Show. 12th Street Cantina had the shortest line while we were walking through and my friend and I were having  a hankering for some Mexican food. We both had the quesadillas and fresh lemon/lime Ade which was the highlight of the meal.What the heck, 12th Street Cantina? Today was the second occasion when all that I wanted from you was a chicken mole burrito and was told that you were all out! Granted, it's the Monday after a holiday weekend. I understand that unforeseen circumstances can lead to something being out of stock. Sometimes these things just happen...  But as I said, this is not the first time that it's happened to me there. Overall, the food that you can get here is decent and fresh. But I have to rate them down a peg for this.Wanted something small to hold me over between meals, so I thought a taco was a good option. I got a chicken taco here, with some spicy green salsa, lettuce, and tomato. It was around $4. Not anything amazing, but it was good. The green salsa was very spicy! Not sure if I will be back with all of the other amazing options in the market, but it wasn't horrible.TL;DR - Solid and consistent, if unspectacular Mexican food
My go-to is the "naked burrito". I vary up the meats, usually adding black beans, cheese, pico de gallo and guacamole. All of the ingredients are pretty standard, but I really appreciate not paying extra for the guac. 
Service is so-so, but the line is usually short. Even though there's better food at the Terminal, I often find myself getting lunch here during work because it's quick, reliable, affordable and I can at least pretend I'm eating healthy. Closer to 3.5 stars if I could.We spent a decent chunk of money here for lunch today, especially for a grab and go lunch in the RTM, but the food was decent despite the price.  Very simple, no frills Mexican food.  I had the pork and rice burrito and I have to say, the pork was greasy and delicious, exactly what I want in a pork burrito.  Add a little salsa verde and it was pretty good, but couple bucks at a dive good, not almost $10 good.  My husband had very lackluster nachos and the spicy marinated grilled chicken.  We also got some salsa verde to bring home.  Their guac is good, not great.  All in all it's perfect food for what and where it is, but not really for how much it is.  It won't be hard to try somewhere different next trip.The easy one-stop shop for:
* Big huge flour tortillas for making burritos
* Smaller wheat/white flour
* Corn masa tortillas
* Really nice and fresh Chihuahua Cheese, the best for quesadillas
Great selection of binned dried various peppers and beans if you need themI LOVE the fish tacos! I tried them on a reccomendation from my sister and they are definitely the best fish tacos I have had in the city. They are not too pricey and taste really authentic in my opinion. 
The staff has not always been the friendliest or most up beat the times I have been there, but I can overlook that as long as they don't skimp on the quality of the food!Yummy place, they hooked it up for me. My burrito was so big people are walking by to compliment me. Like there are people with babies around me that are cute AF but my burrito was getting more compliments than them!
It is not the most legit Mexican place but good bang for your buck in the market. Also, having a dedicated seating area is amazing. Not many places here offer that. 
My advice is if you like a particular topping or sauce, make sure you let them know you want extra. They don't charge more and you can really flavor your burrito how you like.I paid 8-something for Nachos Jose Grande because it sounded soooo good - meat, sour cream, and guacamole. The portion was HUGE but sadly, it was terrible. HAD NO TASTE WHATSOEVER. THE BLANDEST SOUR CREAM & GUACAMOLE EVER. I mean, you can't go wrong with nachos, but this place failed.This place was ok. It was the place with the shortest line in RTM which should have been a tip off, but I was in a hurry. Given three employees and no line, I still stood there and waited. I got a chicken burrito. It was pretty bland and boring.I wandered into the Reading Terminal Market for lunch and wanted a burrito. I ordered the chicken mole burrito and it was excellent. The service was friendly and fast. The person taking food orders and making the food was nice to the other customers who could not decide on what to order.This is quite possibly the absolute WORST Mexican food I have ever had. I was wondering around RTM searching for something different to try. BIG MISTAKE. I ordered the enchiladas platter which came with a side of rice and beans. First of all, my food was COLD (this is something that really grosses me out). Secondly the rice was a combination of overcooked and undercooked rice. I was seriously chomping down on HARD pieces of rice. The enchiladas lacked any flavor. It was a huge disappointment and a complete waste of money. Not worth giving this place a second look.I went here with a friend for lunch. If you're going to go here, get a burrito. It seemed a bit pricey at seven dollars, but it was giant. Like I couldn't even fit both my hands around it or bite it because it was so big. I got a Chicken Mole Burrito with slammin' refried beans. My friend got two tacos and mentioned that she thought Chipotle was better when it came to tacos.
There's seating at the location in a little nook; its nice to get away from all the noise and commotions of Reading Terminal.I love when my fingers get taco stank. This place has one of the best takes on Chicken Mole I've tasted. I tried the fish taco too. Both very tasty. I guess its reasonably priced  (by philly standards), but I had no problem doling out 11 bucks for my 3 awesome tacos and a soda.
If I go back I am only ordering the chicken mole taco. Maybe I'll get it in burrito form. It was so good I may have to go back tomorrow.My favorite, for years, at Reading Terminal Market. Quality is always excellent. Staff pleasant. It is great that there is a place to sit right there.  WIsh I was in the neighborhood more often to come and eat here.I paid $6.50 for a burrito with nothing but beans, guac, and a little salsa on it. sort of disappointed. The ingredients tasted fresh, but I think I could have gotten something much better at a chain restuarant like Qdoba. The guy who helped me seemed like he was confused when he was looking around for the ingredients to start making it. It's one of the only Mexican places I know of in that area of the city, so I guess if you're really in the mood, it's worth it. But it's definitely not going to be somewhere I go back to anytime soon. 
I mean, it was good.
Just not good enough.Had I read the reviews, I would not have stopped here, but the line at Dinic's was too long and I was hungry.  I ordered the chicken mole burrito, which was a little on the dry side, but tasty and huge for $7.  Refried beans were good and they have real coke although I opted for the Strawberry Jarrito's.  Service was friendly and quick with none of the snarkiness noted in other reviews.  It was nothing to write home about, but a decent, reasonably-priced lunch.It tasted no better than Taco Bell. Actually I think Taco bell is better. I did not even see cilantro, lemon, sour cream. That was odd. The bean taste like from cans.People raved about the size of the dish. well, I doubt they tried any Salad store.Second time here. Got veggie burrito with refried beans and +guac. So yummy! Added sriracha at home. This place is great because it has it's own seating area which on a busy day at Reading Terminal is much appreciated.I got a chicken mole quesadilla. It was decent. Was a bit disappointed that it was only half a quesadilla (one tortilla folded in half), but I guess I should've expected that. The flavor was fine but not memorable. I do appreciate that they let you fill up little containers of salsa and hot sauce to take with you. Also, the staff was friendly.i love this place - it's pretty small, tucked away in the bustle that is Reading Terminal Market. There are pinatas hanging up, the daily specials are always good and the staff's friendly and attentive. It's not particularly authentic, it's reminds me more of a slightly upscale Taco Bell, or dare I say, a Chi-Chi's, but obviously for better. They are really good about customizing your order and getting it to you quickly, and if you feel like making a mess of your own kitchen instead, they have an additional grocery-style counter.
I second this place as having masterful hangover food. I should also mention that they know me there as "Zelda" because I refuse to give my real name whenever any place asks for it, like Starbucks, 'cause that's just how I roll. However, after the first time of dropping the Z bomb on them, they remembered it and now I have to use it every time. And the food's so good and the location so convenient that I end up there more than I probably should.Great place to get some amazing Tex-Mex / Mex-a-Cali foods and ingredients.  You can buy lunch here which consists of a variety of burritos or enchiladas, rice and beans, and a salad for a nominal cost.  And it's prepared rather quickly.  They're one of the few places to eat in the terminal that actually has it's own seating area, so that's an added bonus!
You can also buy an assortment of items to take home and reheat at your leisure, so definitely peruse the glass cold case.  There are usually four or five kinds of enchiladas that change daily, but usually feature chicken, beef, or vegetables.  There are usually two or three kinds of huge burritos.  And occasionally you can find sweet corn tamales - my all time favorite!!  
And if you want a good selection of freshly made salsas, tortillas, and moles to create your own Mexican inspired dishes they can help you out!  They have a ton of different items, including whole wheat tortillas and in the summer papaya salsa!  Check them out, they're so worth it!Somewhere between authentic and gourmet, this is one fantasic place for good (and cheap!) food. One of my favorites for the Market.Pretty standard non-authentic Mexican fare that's a little overpriced.  Good for when you're hungry and don't feel like waiting in lines elsewhere in Reading Terminal, but not a place I'd likely revisit anytime soon.  
The menu is weird and the prices are not clear, a huge pet peeve of mine.  Like instead of a standard 2 or 3 taco dish, you order them 1 at a time.  Kind of set up like Chipotle where you say which toppings you want as they assemble it, but a very small, awkward space in the aisle to do this.  If you order steak tacos (like I did), you awkwardly wait by the toppings area while you wait for the steak to be cooked and the tortillas to be fried.  I like that it's fresh made, but it still is a lengthy lunch process.
For 2 steak tacos on flour tortillas (no choice for corn?) topped with cheese, sour cream, guacamole, pico de gallo and the verde salsa, plus a lime Jarrito, it came close to $12, which isn't terrible but not ideal either.
The steak tacos were good, not great.  The steak was seasoned and grilled well, but there were only two tiny pieces on each taco - the rest was an overwhelming amount of the toppings, especially the guac and sour cream.
My cousin got 1 traditional ground beef taco and a side guacamole salad, which is essentially a bed of iceberg lettuce topped with shredded cheese, pico, sour cream and a load of guac.  Very fresh, crisp and delicious.
The verde salsa was EFFIN' HOT - like "I need milk" hot.  Which I don't mind, I enjoy spicy.  But there was no indication on the menu (nor from the disinterested staff) of the high heat level.
Plus side is the decent sized seating area where you can actually sit down, eat and rest for a moment.Getting a disappointing meal at RTM is especially disappointing. You're surrounded by so much incredible food that you suddenly feel envious of everyone around you. It's like going to an amusement park and watching everyone around you on the tallest, fastest roller coasters in the world as you sit fastened in your little tea cup. 
This place was my tea cup. An adobe pork taco was OK, but didn't do much for me. Slow roasted pork is almost an automatic winner, but this, while certainly not dry, wasn't squealing with life outside the cheese. The beans and rice were fine, if unmemorable. The chips were OK, but weren't as crunchy as they shouldve been.
The salsas didn't offer any help. Good salsas are the ultimate lifeline. They can make up for any weaknesses in a dish and cover up any flaws. Good salsas--or sauces, for that matter--are like phoning Stephen Hawking as your mobile shout out on Cash Cab: don't worry that things are looking bleak, they've got you covered (Inappropriate irony: Stephen Hawking as a *mobile* shout out. Sorry). The verde was all heat and no flavor and the red had a worrisome note of ketchup. They do have the service down: genuinely friendly without being overbearing.
But I'd spend my time in line somewhere else.I don't go to Reading Terminal nearly enough. I just got off the chinatown bus and would you believe it, but I missed the 48. I hadn't eaten lunch, so why not stop in.
This time I went to 12th St. because I was in the mood for fish tacos and the line was short. It was quite tasty, and the fish was very filling and the portion was not bad (it was one taco, but it was over stuffed, and needed a fork.) I opted for the guac salad which was refreshing, but appeared in a color that was borderline inedible--though it tasty fine.
Back in '07 when I had jury duty, I remember having eaten here. It was good then, too. If the hot sauces are filled, I recommend the green ones. Otherwise, the Tapatio is always a fave.Got in close to closing. Man at counter was very pleasant and polite, I believe he was the manager. We had chicken tacos the all white breast was seasoned and tender the toppings and chips were excellent.First, my food was excellent! I ordered an enchilada platter (1 sweet potato black bean and 1 mushroom and cheese with rice and beans). Quality ingredients and time taken to put together the food well.
Second, the service was even better. I had never been so I had a number of questions. The cashier took the time to explain everything and even included sample sized containers of the toppings I wasn't sure about for free. You can tell that the employees care.
Third, the price point was fair enough for me. I paid $8 for a meal that was delicious and filling.A friend who lives here recommended that I stop by Reading Terminal Market in the one day I had for Philly sightseeing. He neglected to recommend anything specific. Wandering around, I was overwhelmed by options. Do I go for a Philly cheesesteak, slice of pizza, bagel dog sold by a Pennsylvania Dutch group? 
I was having major choice issues so I went with almost a non-choice - mexican food. You can take the girl out of California but you can't take her away from burritos I guess. I had a chicken mole burrito. It was fine. No incredible mole flavor but not terrible. I left so full that I had no room to try anything at any other stall, making me regret wimping out on trying for a more quintessential Philadelphia experience.
I would say I had the 'indifferent' flavor of service here rather than 'angry' that others have spoken about. But I don't have a problem with indifference from someone handing me a burrito in exchange for $7.Easily the worst chicken mole enchiladas I've ever had. I remember actually liking this place when it was in the Bellevue years ago but what I just experienced was complete garbage. The two enchiladas, refried beans, and rice were about as bland and dry as you can get which makes me wonder when they were actually made. It also didn't help that the two guys working there seemed absolutely clueless as to what they were supposed to be doing. If you're in Reading Terminal go absolutely anywhere else because everything there is better than 12th Street Cantina.12st cantina was just ok. I ordered a grilled veggie taco platter with refried beans and salad.
I thought the taco platter would have more than 1 taco on it. The roasted vegetables were good but the taco was too floppy to pick up. The refried beans and guacamole were good. 
The side salad was just lettuce, which didn't make sense considering they had fresh cut ingredients right near the lettuce, they should throw some corn salsa and a cucumber slice or two on the "salad"
The place wasn't bad if you really wanted some mexican food and you worked or were near the reading terminal. Compared to the awesome and cheapv taquerias located about 1.5 miles south I wouldn't come here againThe burritos from 12th Street Cantina are freakin' huge!  I really like the chicken mole.  But this is definitely gringo food.  They have salads in fried tortilla shells, burritos that could feed a family of four, lots of stuff with refried beans, black beans and ground beef.  Their salsa is pretty good though.  I like salsa fresca, personally.  I would definitely eat here if I had a hangover to kill and wanted some filling, fairly greasy food.  It's definitely not healthy, though. Or authentic.Was in town for just one day with the kids and made it to the famed Reading Terminal Market.  Our two kids ordered from here while my wife and I got cheese steak sandwiches nearby - when in Rome...  Not only where my kids devouring the food they got my daughter said that was the best burrito she's ever had.  We were then totally taken aback when the gentleman from behind the counter asked me if the kids would like cookies.  He had stepped out to buy two extra cookies from another merchant during our dinner to give to the kids.  What a nice gesture and one which helped leave a very positive experience while visiting Philadelphia!
Also, after eating then walking around the market, we realized they were one of the few merchants to have their own seating.My wife just told me today they're closed down she was in there today and the place is stripped down like it was never there.....  I was just there Wednesday ...sad it was one of my favorite places in the reading terminal hope it comes back.I was surprised by the mix of reviews after our stop here....we were tasting lots of things and my other half caught a whiff of the tacos so in we go for one soft and one crispy..one chicken and one pork.   They were topped with lettuce, tomato and guacamole.  
The guacamole was fresh and quite good but could have used a bit more of a spicy bite.   I like the fact that the hot ingredients were hot and the toppings were cold.  Service was good too and they have their own seating area which was great.