I can't recall the day I went but it was a memorial resturant experience.  I was greeted by an incredibly nice cashier. After a hard decision I ordered a Devils delight and the girl giggled ( of course I was confused) She explained it was Dev's Delight and named after her because it was her idea for a burger and me calling it Devils delight was a bit funny because her friends call her Devil Dev ( hard to believe such a nice girl could aquire such a nickname but cute). After she took my thorough of a medium burger, and truffle fires i didn't have to wait very long. Even before I ate the burger the smell it self had my mouth watering.  The burger was cooked to perfection and what was on the burger was amazing!  This burger was a standard beef foundation with mozzarella cheese tomato basil and a portobello mushroom, what great idea for a burger! For a mushroom lover this with a side of the delicious truffle fries is perfect. Excellent quality and service,  a bit expensive but worth every penny. No question about it I will be a return customer!Spot on!
I got "the veg" and the spicy fries.  "The veg" is a portabella burger, with grilled mozzarella, picked veg, arugula, and gauc.  Wholly non-cow is this thing spectacular for a bella burger!  The bella is on bottom, then the mozzarella is directly fused on top of that.  I actually thought the cheese was halloumi at first because it wasn't super melted (a good thing). The gauc and pickled veg are slightly citrusy and vinegary, but are contrasted by the bitterness of the arugula.  There's a nice bun to contents ratio, and for bonus points it's a potato bun.
Wasn't sure what to expect with the spicy fries going in - are they hot sauce fries, etc?  Turns out they are of the crab-fries variety with some subtle other spices added in.  Nice portion - not too big.
The atmosphere kind of reminds me of a dive bar - I think that's the best way to describe it.  It's pretty small, so I wouldn't choose to ever eat in most likely.Despite being a spin-off at the burgers from Rouge, I actually think that the burgers here are, dare I say it, better then flagship restaurants.
Over the last year they keep expanding their burger and toppings options by editing the little placard next to the registers, instead of changing their giant menuboard every time  they decide to add a new cheese or vegetable you can put on the burger.
I've been here a few times, trying the 500 (lettuce, bacon, cheddar, special sauce) delicious, and also making my own combos with their Kobe Beef burger (I think its worth the extra few bucks). I like it with truffle cheese and grilled onions. The brioche bun also really makes these burgers something special.
Their fries are also extremely delicious. As a huge fan of truffle oil, I can never resist getting their truffle oil fries. When they come warm out of the fryer, coated in truffle oil, there is just no better taste known to man.
Most important of all, they are open late on weekends.It was first time visiting. and I didn't know what or how should I order my burger. but the cashier  didn't help me at all. She was so unkind and rude. I will never come back here again!!Found myself here after last call. It was super crowded, but the staff was great and the food hit the spot. My burger was a little rarer than medium rare, but I was into it. Fries were good. Crowd was annoying, drunk and rude but the cook was CUTE, so no complaints!I almost always get Combo 5, with the juicy delicious 500 burger, truffle fries, and refreshing birch beer.
Love the truffle fries.  
I used to get food here at least once every two weeks, but the prices have gone up, especially for the fries. It's amazing how a $2 increase can change my eating pattern.
It's still one of the better burger places in Center City with a relatively reasonable price. If you haven't tried 500 Degrees yet, you should... before the price goes up again.Ordered a Kobe burger with wild boar bacon and cheddar. The burger was good but not cooked correctly. I ordered the burger rare but it was raw. It could have used another 3 minutes on the grill. 
The truffle fries were very well flavored with truffle oil but were a little soggy/under cooked. 
The place was very busy and they got the food out quickly but I would have waited another 5 minutes to correct the problems above. 
Also, the floor was wet and very slippery. Walk with caution. Since it was the end of the night the place was a little dirty. The tables and floor could have been wiped down.I LOVE coming here after work. It's honestly the only burger place I approve of thats in the city. Its way better and way bigger burgers than shake shack. I absolutely recommend the up side burger it's definitely worth the money and if you have spare change absolutely get original fries and a fountain soda. They have berch beer !!!  and orange cream !!For a casual burger place, 500 degrees delivers on taste, quality, service and speed. You can get a 5 star burger in a 3 star amount of time. It's so impressive.
Their selection is truly outstanding. You have your choice of patties, cheeses, toppings and condiments to build whatever burger your heart desires. I believe there are some suggestions as well if you're not feeling particularly creative that day. 
The last time we were there, my boyfriend got the Kobe beef burger, thick cut applewood smoked bacon, a fried egg and Vermont cheddar cheese. He was knocked to the floor, and has been telling everyone about it ever since. I got a simple beef patty with cheese and BBQ sauce. Maybe I need to be a bit more adventurous next time! Nonetheless, I still loved my burger.
Another great thing about 500 Degrees is the option to get your fries with truffle oil. It's just a little extra flavor added to already spectacular crispy French fries. 
I've always had stellar service here. I loved joking around with the woman who served us last time about coming through hell and high water for an as yet undetermined burger since we had come in out of a torrential downpour and it took me 10 minutes to decide what I wanted off of the menu. I blame it on the rain brain.
My only gripe about 500 Degrees is that it can get a little pricey. For burgers, fries and drinks for 2, we paid about $28. That included one Kobe beef patty, but even without it, you're going to pay a sit-down price for what is really a take-out burger. The quality justifies this in many ways, so we'll definitely be back. Save your pennies and splurge!I ordered a turkey burger twice from here! And twice it was raw in the inside! And the messed up my order of fries every time I'm there.I used to think this place was amazing. During office hours the place is fantastic but grabbing food during a night out? Don't even do it . All the workers assume every patron who comes at night is a drunk. So asking simple questions is automatically a reason to yell and refuse service. Customer Service is absolutely horrible. I WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN. there patties have shrunk and price has remained the same. This place has definitely taken a dive from what it used to be.Yum. I love everything about these burgers...except the price. They aren't horribly expensive but they are expensive enough for me to only go if I absolutely cannot settle for anything else for lunch. I also hate how they charge $0.5 - $1.00 for every extra topping you want on it. An extra dollar for tomato and lettuce, seriously?
But they are really great burgers and the fries and milkshakes are amazing. The buns are delicious and they cook their juicy patties exactly how you want it.
The other thing I dislike is the noise level. It is really hard to hear when they call your order.
But I still come here for lunch simply because it is delicious.The food - fantastic. Can't knock their burgers or fries, the topping selection, the taste or quality. Everything else? I've stopped going here. The people who work there are rude, indifferent, and sullen. I've had experienced where I've waited several minutes at the register for the cashiers to stop texting or checking Facebook before they ask me for my order. It takes forever to make your food. The quantity does not match the price (I swear every order of fries gets smaller and smaller). With the hundreds of other places, dozens of them within blocks of here, to get an equally, or arguably better, burger for less, faster, and with better service, the only reason to eat here is if you have no other options.I have yet to be disappointed by the food here.  I've been back a few times, good burger, fries, milk shake.  The inconsistency happens when getting my order.  I'd bump it up a star if I actually got what I ordered, but the last two times that didn't happen.Burgers are the true ambassadors of all things USA. They are the first thing I mention when I am asked about what I find great about this country, and I insist that they are better here than anywhere else. A good foodie city must also have good burgers, and Philadelphia does not disappoint.
We came to 500 Degrees because it is close to the Kimmel Center (Rattle was pretty awesome tonight) and because it is a place that pops up when asked about burgers in Philly. Besides, Bobby's Burger Palace was disappointing lately so we were craving for something new.
500 Degrees is surprisingly lowly ranked on Yelp, but similar to Bobby's Burger Palace I have the impression that it's actually due to its popularity. BBP has weaknesses - inconsistent burgers, occasionally horrible service and unpleasant atmosphere when it's packed. 500 Degrees also has its fair share of weaknesses. I thought their sauces was rather bad (especially the ketchup!) and while I appreciate their open kitchen, I didn't really want to see how their fries are taken out of the freezer instead of being freshly cut. On the other hand, their burger totally makes up for it. We got a "500" and a classic with guacamole, both medium rare, along with truffle fries and sweet potato fries. The burgers were cooked exactly the way we would have expected "medium rare" to be, they were juicy and both their cheddar and provolone went well with the burger. I should also mention that I especially liked the slight sweetness of the buns.
Despite being taken out of the freezer, the truffle fries are actually well-made because they spray truffle oil at the end, keeping the fries nicely crispy. Finally, the sweet potato fries were delicious but not overwhelming.
With 12.50 for a burger, truffle fries and a fountain drink, I thought the prices were pretty good. Cheaper than Bobby's Burger Palace at least. All in all, this is a place I would enjoy to come back to, because their burgers and the big choices of toppings come at a good price.Great burger spot!
My first order was their sunny side up burger with an egg and applewood bacon. I was hooked. From that point, I have tried most of their menu of burgers and made a few of my own. Its is a lot of fun to go their after a night of partying and challenge your friends to an old-fashion game of burger builder.I had a cheeseburger and fries. The burger wasn't seasoned and the fries were sooo salty. Wont be going back definitely have had better burgers elsewhere like Axis pizza in uni city.Amidst a long, exciting day of shopping, my friend and I worked up quite an appetite, so at her suggestion, we headed over to 500 Degrees.  She had been there a number of times before and had great things to say about their food, and since I'm always up for trying new places (more recently independent burger joints), I happily obliged.  I settled on a cheeseburger combo with sweet potato fries and was on the fence about getting a milkshake, but opted for a lemonade instead (which hit the spot just as well).  The burger was incredible, as were the fries; not too greasy, very flavorful, and cooked just right!  I will stop in again, and next time I will get a milkshake!I've gone here a few times and tried the regular and Kobe beef burgers. I would say it's better than five guys or Shake Shack in terms of meat quality, plus they have some interesting sauces....if they actually give them to you.
If you customize your own burger make sure you check that you got the toppings and sauce you wanted, A couple of times I came home with my burger only to find that I was missing those key ingredients that make the burger. At which point I was too lazy to put my pants back on and go outside, leaving me no choice but to begrudgingly eat said burger sauceless. 
I've gotten a different person every time I ordered, one thing they did have in common is that they had no idea what any of their own sauces or toppings were. If the staff had a little training and cared about getting your order right this place would be great. As it is, I think I'll save myself a dollar or two and go somewhere else for a quick bite.Awful awful awful. The chef got in a fight with a patron and we waited 45 min and still didn't get food. The chef literally threw a tomato at a patron that he was in an argument with over his bulls hat. The bathroom had urine on the floor. This place isn't even sanitary and should be closed! Wish I could give it 0 starsI absolutely LOVE the food here (their speciality fries are all amazing!) But, you should expect to be waiting at Least 35-40 minutes if their busy. Having only two cooks, one grill, and tons of orders is a recipe for irritable customers and not a great place to stop on your lunch break in the city due to that.I was somewhat disappointed by the burgers at 500 Degrees, not the taste but the size. The burger was exceptionally small and I would have had to eaten two to be 'full'. 
I did have a chance to sample the truffle fries which were pretty solid but overall for the price of the food it was not worth the trip.After eating here a few more times, it certainly deserves better than the original "meh" I gave it.  I'll go with 4 stars, as the burgers are indeed pretty good, and the place continues to be clean, friendly, and rarely crowded.The burger and fries were amazing! I had the 'turbo' with the spicy fries and would recommend it to others as well. The service was decent enough and didn't have to wait long whatsoever. I've noticed that others have had problems with the service looking at the reviews, but the guys who helped us got our orders correct and were helpful.I'll give it a 3.5  but I rounded up because it wasn't a bad experience, service was good and fast.
The burger was good but not great, maybe a little bit too salty . I wish it was a little more pink for a medium-rare that I ordered. I liked the truffle fries, but it was nothing special. The hamburger bun is pretty good I thought. They have a pretty nice selection of fountain drinks... but that's really not that important ha. When compared to Five Guys.. I would say this is way better and less messy, but a little bit more expensive for how small the burger is. I would still take a burger from Village Whiskey any day and pay the extra premium.Went about 30 minutes before their closing time, & it was fairly empty. Ordered 2 #5's (500 burgers & fries & drink) got 1 spicy & 1 non spicy fries, a black/white milkshake & a strawberry milkshake. The milkshakes were so tasty. Made with local Bassett's  ice cream, they hit the spot immediately. 
Had asked for the burgers to be cooked medium, ended up with an almost well done burger. The burger wasn't dry at all, sauce was good but not anything special. The burger looked pretty small, but it ended up being very filling. Fries were okay. The spicy fries tasted like Herr's hot chips. Food was better than expected, but on the pricier side for burgers. $27 for 2 burgers, fries & milkshakes. 
In all it was a good experience, pretty solid burger place. Good for a quick bite.I survived opening day at 500 Degrees and came out very satisfied with our new addition to 15th and Sansom.
Burgers - 5.5oz burger on a tall brioche bun made to order (medium rare was juicy and delicious!)  It's not as good as the burger at Village Whiskey but it's about as good as the aged beef burger at Marathon Grill.  I was concerned about the size but between that and the plain fries (these truffle fries were overrated) I was wiping the plate and feeling great.
Goodbye Five Guys, Hello 500 Degrees.Meh. The truffle fries were on point.
I ordered the 500 burger. The sauce, I wasn't a big fan of. It was overly salty. I ordered the burger medium rare, and it came out medium well. Maybe they mixed it up with my friend who ordered the medium and his was kind of pink. Either way, it was dry and the sauce kind of sucked. The bread was good. The iced tea was good. The burger left me meh, especially for a $7 burger.Two words - Truffle....fries! They are really good! A pile of skinny fries spritzed with truffle oil and salt equals awesomeness. I also enjoy their sauces. I would like to end my review there, but I guess I should write more. With the order of fries, you do get a good amount to share with friends. The basket of fries are about $4. They are also open late on weekends after the bars close. I have not yet had a burger, but my friends have had their milkshakes and they come highly recommended.Delicious burgers and truffle fries, and they have a neat soda selection. Reasonable price. I usually spend about $12. Burger lovers should definitely try this place.UPDATE - I am giving them a star back because it appears the owner keeps up with yelp comments and genuinely cares about reviews and customer satisfaction. This has impressed me enough to go back for another try (plus a craving for truffle fries that will not go away), hopefully, after my next visit i will be able to bump it up another star or two.  500, I will see you soon. Fellow yelpers, I will keep you posted.This place is good, it's not great. Service is fast, efficient and friendly for sure but the overall experience is lacking....something but I can't place it. I ordered a cheeseburger med-rare with truffle fries and a black & white milkshake. Since all of these combined is pretty much my favorite thing I ever I was more than willing to hand over the $12 for the opportunity. Okay, now the food:
1) The burger. It's not like the burger isn't good, because it is. It's just not...I find myself saying "Five Guys". I admit I don't have the most refined of palettes so take that with a grain of salt. It came out more medium than medium rare and it's somewhat small. I can tell that it's quality meat but I like my burgers juicy and this one just isn't quite. The bun is also a huge factor for me in a burger and I just don't like this style. (Id dock Good Dog for the same reason. Love the meat but the bun just doesn't cut it for me). 
2) The truffle fries. Omfg. The best part of the meal. The fries are amazing. I'd probably just pop in and buy them on their own. And at this price I don't see myself ordering truffle fries from any other establishment ever again.
3) The milkshake. Boy do I love me a Black & White. This one was just too chocolate-y for my liking. It tasted much more like just a regular chocolate milkshake which in and of itself isn't such a bad thing except for when what you really want is the holy, blended harmony of rich heavy chocolate and light as air and sweet as pie vanilla. 
All in all, the proximity to my workplace and the fact that it is, well, actually good belies that there will surely be more 500 Degrees in my future. I might tweak a few things like ordering the burger rare and can you get extra cheese? ;) I wouldn't be surprised to see this spot updated even before the next work week is out.This place seems to have worked out most of the kinks that plagued their opening, such as closing in the middle of lunch prime time because they ran out of meat.  Now, months later, I finally made another visit due to an extreme burger craving.  The burger definitely hit the spot, but the experience was almost ruined by the fries.  Not sure why I'm reading so many rave reviews for the truffle fries because mine were so greasy and salty that I needed my milkshake constantly.  I still ate the fries, mind you, but I feel I may regret it later.  I was trying to give them their due because of the rave about them and I'd never had truffle fries before, but the salt and oil made it too hard to distinguish any significant difference from regular fries.  I think the shake could've used a bit more strawberry also, because it often tasted plain with just hints of strawberry, although that may have been the result of the salty-ass fries.  Oh, and $12.50 plus tax for a cheddar cheeseburger, truffle fries and a shake?  I dunno... it's really just a step above typical fast food, maybe two steps actually, so the price is about right for the location.   While I'm not an aficionado, I do get the occasional craving and have had my share of good burgers.  I didn't expect it to be as pink as it was inside when I ordered medium but it was juicy and tasty.  I may go back to give them another chance to get the fries right, but the burger was on point.  The portions were just right too.  Just the right amount of fries, over a quarter pound of meat and a good size shake (maybe 16oz?).  If you don't get the combo, the burger alone might be a bit underwhelming at glance but I think American portions are too big anyways generally.  I'm 6 feet tall, 190lbs and I was full after the combo, without getting the "itis."
Bottom line:  a decent burger joint.Let me start off by saying I am not a burger aficionado nor to I pretend to be by any means.  I received an email from Thrillist announcing FREE burgers on 500 Degrees' opening day....it's a couple of doors down from the dance studio...I need to eat before class so let me give it a whirl!
There was no line when I arrived.  I liked the setup of communal tables and for those of you afraid to share a meal with a stranger you can grab a stool at a counter facing a wall.  After already researching the spot before I stepped in the door I knew I wanted a Combo 5 (500 Burger Medium Well - Truffle Fries - Diet Coke).  The burger was smaller than I thought it would be but it was a perfect size for me.  The brioche was a bit dry and not really flavorful and I ended up taking the top part off (too much bread).  The patty was juicy with just the right amount of pink.  Alas, I couldn't taste any of the house sauce on the burger and it was quite bland.  
The Truffle Fries...well that's another story....it was an orgasmic delight to my tongue!  I've never tasted ANYTHING like this before!  I was literally licking my fingers!  Just the right amount of salt and the dipping sauces (mayo based) were good....but just interfered with the essence of truffle slathered on the fries.  Next time, I'd skip the dipping sauces (which were included in my order).
The other thing that impressed me (besides the fries) was the employee they had cleaning cleaning CLEANING!  That's all she did was wipe down the tables and she was QUICK - picking up dropped napkins (people can be SO rude) - checking the bathroom after each customer to give a quick wipe down etc.  She was phenomenal!  
I can see this joint being a hot spot for the Boozed Up At Two AM Need A Place To Grub Crowd.  The burgers will taste delummy after a night of drinking.  I would return for the fries and did recommend that everyone I know go just for the fries!Just ate a burger from there about 15 minutes ago. Had the 500 burger, ordered it medium. Got home and was about to take a bite and I look at the patty and the thing is pretty much raw. Now I can understand it being a bit undercooked but this thing was no where near medium. Very disappointing. Had to cook it up and dirty a pan at home. Didn't taste any seasonings. 
Had the truffle fries as well. While the flavor was great but there was nothing but beat up fries in my bag. boooooo.
I'll prob go back and give them one more shot but the first impression is not very good.These burgers were great - juicy and flavorful! My only major complaint was the amount of grilled onions and mushrooms I got - the smallest portion I've ever gotten/seen on a burger. I could barely taste them! The truffle fries were nothing special...I wouldn't get them again. But the prices are reasonable, the employees are nice and friendly, and the quality of the burgers is good.Checked out this place after seeing a post on uwishunu.com
Went with the 500 burger (lettuce, tomato, cheddar, bacon & special house sauce), truffle fries and a vanilla milkshake. I was starving by the time I'd gotten out of that line, almost a hour wait due to promos they were running with it being grand opening day and all, so I tasted a few of the fries as I walked back to the office, soooooo good! Wish I knew what the plain tasted like to compare not sure if I'm just in love with the truffle oil or if the fries as a whole are just that good either way the prices remain the same rather plain spicy or truffle. 
Then get back to my office and took a bite of the 500, it has bacon, real bacon on it!! Crispy salty in the right places chewy in the right places bacon. I don't know why but I have a hard time buying a good burger sandwich etc that has bacon on it and actually liking it so I was pleased. My burger was well done, and well seasoned, all around good burger. They did give me the wrong cheese however that may have been due to some order confusion so I let that slide and was still good. 
Lastly and my only real complaint is the milkshake. Very Very good no complaints there, the girl who made it however only filled my cup halfway and when I showed it to her, asking why it wasn't filled up she said because they don't have their correct cups yet so that is the actual serving. It looked like a serving for a kids meal so didn't sit right with me. Wasn't satisfied with that but walked away because I was hungry and needed to eat my food but saw that the guy in front of me was eating in and also ordered a milkshake so I asked to see his and there was a very small bit of space left at the very top, went back to let milkshake girl know this and asked the young lady next to me, also with a milkshake to be my witness LOL. She took my cup and put more in and don't think she was too happy about it but I got my reasonably portioned milkshake and it was goooood. And trust me I'm not that knit picky but  for money at that portion wasn't flying with me. Oh also with the milkshake it was more soupy than thick. I didn't mind that about it those that like shakes you need a spoon to actually eat not drink may not feel the same. 
They still get 5 stars from me for now because in the hustle of taking care of so many people, she may not have gotten a good look at my portion and she made up for it. AND they've filled a major burger void I'd been having so they're my new best friends right about now.Really quite good for the price. Get the Truffle fries and don't be afraid to order it rare if that's what you like (some of the other reviews make it seem a little scary to do so).OPEN TIL 3 AM for those late night hunger crawls! BUT be willing to throw some bows because this small little fast food joint is PACKED in the wee hours of the night
it's an extra $2 for specialty fries
---garlic parmesan: SKIP so soggy after being tossed in olive oil & cheese..gross
---truffle fries: nice & crispy, the winner of the night!
you can choose your sauces for dipping the fries.. i liked the spicy fry sauce much more than the white "house" sauce.. i think those are the 2 most popular ones
i wouldn't go out of my way to try 500 degrees in phili but IF you're craving fries after a night at the bars, might as wellExcellent Burgers - High Quality Beef, Cheese, and Buns.  Fries are tasty as well.Really really great! I had a cheeseburger and my brother had the 500 burger both were spectacular.They are very filling despite looking smaller and the quality beats all other burger joints. It wa 20 bucks for two of us to eat, yes its more than wendys but still on par with 5guys.They have milkshakes too! GO!So, being a employee at a burger joint, I wanted to try 500 degrees. I've been hearing rave reviews about their burgers and food. Going in for the first time, I was amazed by the many options the menu held. I went in for a Bacon cheeseburger, with jalapenos. I was greeted by a not so friendly cashier, who seemed to also be the manger. Being my first time I thought he would have helped me understand their system of ordering better, but he was sarcastic and rude. 
Other than the lack of hospitality, I will say the food was okay. The fries, banana shake and the cola w/ cane sugar was AMAZING. The burger on the other hand was very dry, and lacked any type of flavor that I would expect from a burger. First looking at it, I thought it might be a great homemade burger, but boy was I wrong. 
Overall: Don't expect amazing hospitality from them, if you do order a burger, make sure you add some type of sauce. Everything else was pretty good, and I like that they have plenty of options to choose from. 
I'm giving 500 degree 2 stars, just for the lack of hospitality and acknowledging the fact that I was a 1st time guest. Also, for the dryness of the burger, the main attraction of a burger joint.My husband LOVES a good burger.  I could be a girl and get a salad and be "so full."   
We opened our wrappers after a quick moment at the register.  A little smaller than expected.  Then, Hubby bit into his 500 burger and said, "Oh, wow!"   I bit into mine and thought, this is just great.  I really liked the eggy, brioche bun (sign says they bake 2x's a day).   The grill guys are hand forming the burger balls while we eat.  Nothing frozen here.
The original Rouge burger is now something like $15 and you have to deal with the bizarre crowd who hangs there (It used to be $9 and a great deal).  So, I would definitely take the 500 burger any day.
So, where does this range: Mojo burger, Village Whiskey, In and Out, Ted's Montana, The Breslin....  Pretty high up there.If I'm going to pay $9 for a burger, it better be good.  My last venture to 500 was a waste of my money.  I got the Turbo burger because I love spice and pickled jalapenos. The fries were great- crispy with the nice earthy tang of truffle- but the burger was seriously disappointing.  I ordered it medium rare and it came out well done and the cheese wasn't even melted. The person who rung me up was sullen and gruff. I had to ask twice to get my cup for water. Really the only good part was the fries. I won't be back.I'm a fan. They offer some nice designer burgers as well as a build your own option, and of course a variety of toppings and sides like fries. You can go for a plain burger or prime organic grassfed beef. You place your order at the counter and then they call your name when it's ready. 
I chose a buffalo blue burger off their specialty menu. You're asked how you want your burger cooked, which usually makes me nervous. If an establishment asks for temp preference, they had better nail it. Lucky for me, my burger came out perfectly medium and my fellow diners were also pleased with their orders. 
The first thing that impressed me about the burger was the SLAB of blue cheese sitting atop the sizeable, mouthwatering patty and the nice drizzle of buffalo sauce encompassing everything. No blue cheese crumbles here - this cheese chunk was like a deck of cards in size! No complaints from me about this burger!
I snuck a few fries from my friends - truffle fries were nice and light and crispy. Sweet potato fries were also good. 
The only downside of this place is the cluttered and small seating area. We went during lunch rush on a Friday so this is to be expected in any center city spots, but the large wooden high tops and stools were laid out in a really inefficient patten. It was like a game of Jenga to try to work yourself into a seat (which luckily we found). 
Burgers are around $9. Price with a drink and fries was about $15.
Verdict: I would definitely return.i love this place. spicy fries are a plus. there burgers are so amazing. nothing better then a good old fashion joint.Absolutely delicious. The burgers are top notch and the truffle fries are stellar.My coworkers and I were on our way to Five Guys at lunch when we remembered that this place had just opened, so we rerouted and queued up in its slightly out the door line. The line around 12:15 was considerable, it probably took 15 to 20 minutes before we exited with our food (to go). So how was it? My experience was slightly tainted by an order mixup... when I got back to my office I found that although I ordered The 500 burger, I was missing lettuce and tomato. The bacon, however present, was pretty chewy; I'd prefer it much crispier. The burger itself was cooked to order and the combination of burger, brioche, roll, and cheddar really came together nicely. I inhaled it. I also accompanied this small wonder with the truffle fries. They were delicious, the truffle taste came through in every bite, but they were incredibly salty. For the rest of the day I staggered back and forth to the water cooler to quench my thirst, like a man walking through a desert that also has a water cooler in it. This place has some potential and I'd definitely try it again, but I'm not sure if I'd eat here any more than once a month. For those looking for a miniature version of the fabled Rouge burger, there is one distinction: The Rouge burger is topped with divine gruyère cheese while the 500 burger is only available with swiss, provolone, cheddar, or American. Other than that, the burger is pretty much the same, except about 1/4 the size or less. Brioche buns are key!500 Degrees is my favorite place to get a burger, still. Burgers are cooked to order and the menu continues to grow with ingredients to top. You can add a variety of different cheeses (regular or gourmet) and sauces, two types of bacon, or even an egg fried to your liking. The fries are greatly improved since I first went. Plenty crispier. There's truffle and new (for me at least) garlic parm fries. Drinks are refillable with flavors like cherry soda and sweetened black tea.Oh, your food is good, but not great enough to get a receipt thrown in my face.
I normally come during lunch when I'm at work and service is fantastic, but this time, I wanted to bring my husband to try the burgers and came at night. I was so excited, but then it turned into a disaster.
I ordered the Turbo burger again for the husband and I to split along with some fries. Paid with LevelUp and then she gave me the receipt. Upon looking at the receipt, I noticed that she charged me for a burger that doesn't even exist. Even the cooks questioned it. She was like "oh, i charged you the wrong burger" and prepared the refund process of the overpayment. She only gives me a receipt with no money back! I asked her where's the refund. She stated it was going to go back on levelup. WRONG! I have paid with levelup tons of times to know that your computer system and levelup are not connected to one another. Whatever you ring up on the computer, you must also do on the payment syetem. She stood there arguing with me then took money out of her drawer and the receipt I gave back to her and threw it in our faces and yelled saying now her drawer is going to be short. I requested for the manager and she stated she was the manager. Husband was furious that he said to cancel the whole order and refund our money. Again, refused to give money back for it, but then eventually did.
BTW...I still have not received a credit back on levelup! I'm still charged!!!! If I do receive the credit, I'll be more than happy to go back and give cash back to her.
Service is a big part in my dining out (esp bc I've been a server before I started my career for over 7 years), so this one really took the cake. Ugh! She needs retraining...After a friend told me how great this place was and I went to Sketch in fishtown I decided to stop here for dinner to compare which burger place is better and I definitely say sketch is way better. Came on a weeknight and wax a bit crowded. Order a burger and truffle fries. I order lettuce and tomato on my burger and they forget to give me that. I ordered with the rest of my friends and they were 1/2 way done before my burger came. Then my fries were burnt. I had to request for them to remake me a order as they became extra crunchy which I don't really care for. The second batch they gave me was definitely better but I don't see what's the hype all about.Uh-huhhhh. That is good stuff.  The staff is also really GREAT, and someone has exceedingly good taste in music...other than mi mi mi mi.  
Burgers: consistently delicious
Fries: Zing
Soda: really? Pa Dutch Birch and Cherry soda.
Milkshake: great ingredients, but could use some thickening.  I LOVE vanilla milkshakes
Prices: a little steep
Thank you, that is all.
P.s....a little selective liquor might be a nice addition. Maybe three beers a season or something.I ordered the turbo medium and it was the best burger I had ever had in a while. it was juicy and the jalapeños gave it a good kick. I had sweet potato fries and it they were a great compliment. seating was nice and the tables were very clean. would go back in a heart beat. try them if you're into burgers and want to be happyi lurve the truffle fries.
the burger itself was moist (probably because i asked them to cook it medium rare).  although it was big, i couldn't stop eating it.  it was delicious...i don't remember exactly the experience because my mind was in heaven mode.
must try if you're around philly.Burger & Shake was amazing.  The burger was pretty huge - I got a cheeseburger which was delicious but I could barely finish it.  The place is pretty small and gets packed on the weekends so you may want to get your order to-go!BANGIN'. Only reason for 4 stars is because it was hotter than hell and the floor was crazy wet. The burger was retardedly good.This place is generally hit or miss. When it's on it's game, it's awesome, but when it's a miss it's all kinds of frustrating.
A big part of the quality is how many people are staffed and who is cooking the burgers. When there's more than one person behind the counter the service is generally prompt and at least courteous, and when the cook makes your burger the way you want it the food is spot on. Their fries are always amazing, especially the Truffle Fries.
Things get problematic when there's only one person there to do register and cook, or when your burger comes out overdone. I've gone in several times to find no one behind the counter and had to wait for several minutes before someone emerged from the back to take my order and make my food. Once the guy who came out was on his phone, and continued his conversation while ringing me out and then cooking my burger. 
Additionally, the burgers are overdone one out of every three times. They have very specific descriptions of what you'll get when you order your burger a specific way but they don't seem to adhere to that particularly well. I always order rare and I'm not always happy with what I get from the grill.
Overall I like this place and I'll keep going back, but they need to step up their game.First experience, WOW the truffle burger and truffle fries, rule! Truffle overload! Second experience, this place is good, I enjoy all the options. The wait is a little long when busy but that's normal. 
Latest review: NEVER COMING BACK. The cashier is an unfriendly and very unsympathetic when he NEVER rang up our order and we waited over 20 minutes watching as the 3 people who ordered AFTER us received their burgers. No refund, no freebies, just a simple "sorry for the wait" and that was it. 
The place could benefit from better customer service if you're going to screw up. The burger is nothing to brag about when you still have Shake Shack and other restaurants who could build a burger and still treat you like a paying customer.I stopped in here while strolling in Center City. Hungry, but not sure what I was craving, the sleek decor and attractive menu board drew me in off Sansom.
After a quick deliberation, I settled on a cheeseburger combo. Never have I ever been given so many options after ordering- how would I like the burger don? What kind of cheese? What kind of fries? All the customization was worth it, though. My burger was cooked to a perfect medium and topped with delicious mushrooms.
The burger cook was really nice, too, and offered me a few different sauces on the side. One of which was a fry sauce, which was solid. The worcestershire-based "500 Degrees sauce" was excellent, though. It went great with the fries, of which they gave me a very generous portion. I'll be back next time I'm jonesing for a burger in Center City.If I was in Los Angeles and I got the equivalent to a 500 degree burger, truffle fries, and a soda (all made by local distributors) it would have cost me at least 20 bucks. This place is great, open late, and pure quality. The patties are succulent and they have a pretty wide variety of specialty burgers; kim chee burgers, bacon infused patty burger, and many more. Definitely going to make this one of my go to spots in PhillyWant a fast food greasy burger? This is the place. It's definitely on the pricer side of gourmet fast food. But there's speciality burgers and they got those skinny cut truffle fries. Burgers are made to order. Also got the banana milkshake and it was good. None of that gross artificial banana flavor. Go here if you're hungry. Next to Rumor. Yay.Are you serious the burgers are the size of a half dollar .Come on give people what they pay for .i wont even waste any more time writing .Today was opening day and after a panicky scramble to find myself a partner in crime to share my buy one get one free burger deal & after waiting 45min in the rain next to a pair of cigar smoking self-proclaimed "thugz" who found it appropriate to yell at every passerby on the street with some sort of derogatory expletive...
I finally was rewarded with the deliciously greasy but gourmet 500 burger experience!
I got the 500 burger and I was not disappointed. It's a sexy looking burger - a little tall, plump with promise & bright with color.  While it looks small it is thick and dense. The meat is juicy and flavorful (aka there was a fair amount of grease/juice running out of each my bites). It comes on a brioche bun which was a bit dry... 
The 500 also comes with bacon and well you can't really go wrong with bacon ... ;) 
The special sauce was decent but nothing special. I would have liked to see some hot sauce offerings. 
Three types of fries - plain, spicy and truffle... Say No More! Truffle fries?! Yes please. 
They have milkshakes which I did not get to try but it's made with Bassett's so... again can't really go that wrong.... 
It's a small space with a few benches and bar stools to eat at. You go up to the counter, place your order and when your number gets called you pick up your goodies and chow! 
I hear this place is going to be operating some late night kitchen hours to rescue us from the late night, drunk munchies... But this is a rumor yet to be confirmed!
All in all, good burger and worth the wait. I'll be back soon... tomorrow I think...Consistently amazing burgers. Their fries are incredible too. I highly recommend all of their burgers (even the basic 500 burger is delicious) and getting a side of the truffle fries. I usually order my burger medium rare and it's always nice an juicy. I have always wanted to try their milkshakes but haven't had a chance yet. 
Personally, this is my absolute favorite place to come slightly buzzed after hitting up a few bars. I crave 500 degrees and when I do, nothing else will do.Wow, this is crazy, indulgent, greasy, hangover-approved food. I think I got the Humpty Dumpty burger, which was literally loaded with everything and anything, including a drippy egg on top. It was good, but the simple burger with lettuce and tomato that my boyfriend had was nothing special. It was especially disappointing because of the pretty penny he paid for it. 
In conclusion, it seems like the "special" burgers are the way to go to get a good deal at 500 degrees. I wouldn't even bother with the fries since they are around $4 each and super overseasoned, IMO.Good for a quick bite that will fill you up.  I knocked off a star because it's very pricey for burgers and fries but it's so tasty that I'll definitely be going back at some point.   The atmosphere here is industrial but clean and bright, but there's not a ton of room so I'd avoid coming with a huge group for the best experience.  House sauce was really good, my only complaint about the burger was that the bun fell apart really easily.  Staff was nice, too.When I went to get a burger I was starving. Looked at reviews and figured I could not go wrong. Too bad that was not the case, I got in and waited 5 min to order because there was no one at the register. Once I ordered I had to wait 10 min for a burger and fries. Overall, the truffle burger was way over done and dry, way too done for a medium burger which had no pink. The fries were greasy and did not have any flavor. I have had some great food in Philly, this was not one of them.I have to say this is one of my favorite burger joints in Philly. I have watched this place grow so much from the day of it's conception. The menu has expanded over time, which is great and the burgers have gotten larger since they opened at first they were almost sliders lol. There are two reasons why this place did not get 5 stars from me: #1 they do not handle crowds well at ALL! BE WARNED if you think you are going to enter after the clubs let out prepare to WAIT and wait you will. Also since they have a large crowd of mostly drunken patrons at that time ordering your burger temp is in vein it will come well done. #2 I am a snob when it come to my burger being served to me just how I like it which is MEDIUM!! So if you  get your burger to go  YOU BETTER CHECK IT BEFORE YOU LEAVE or when you get home it well be well done cause some of the cooks don't give a flying F*%K if they see it's to go.
TIP: Go for the Humpty Burger!!Wasn't good today. We came In and the place reeked like someone just smoked weed. Homeless people looking for food and bothering, even checking the trash can. This place hasn't been busy lately, the owner should wonder what their employees are doing and why it's not busy vStaff - incredibly rude, the day we went it seemed the lady taking our order was getting into it with the cook & she wasn't all that interested in taking anyone's order.  She was rude & unfriendly, very crass in her tone as well.  
Wait time - yeah I understand they cook your burger while you wait, it seemed that on a pretty busy night they didn't have proper staff.
Food - the food was good, burger quite greasy, if that's for you then you'll enjoy.  Me? Not so much
Building - At times while we were sitting down eating, we smelled something that smelled similar to propane gas fumes, it was enough to give us a headache & make us a little nauseous so we kept opening the door hoping that the smell would escape.  That my friends, makes it a bit difficult to really enjoy your dinner. 
Overall I was disappointed, I had been told that their fries were AWESOME; highly disappointed I was & the fact that the service sucked has pretty much turned me away from visiting 500 Degrees again.Love this place.  One of the few burger joints that actually has a turkey option.  All of their burgers appear to be freshly made and they have tons of addin options.  There is a standard menu to choose from and they also have "specials" which include a veggie option 
I usually get the 500 with turkey and an order of truffle fries, delicious! The buns are pretty standard buttered buns.  Nothing special, nothing to write home about.  The toppings are fresh and very tasty! The meat of the taste comes from... well the meat.  I've never done the beef patty but the turkey is very moist and not dry like it usually can be.  Haven't tried their milkshakes but that is next on the list!This place is often cited as having one of the best burgers in Philadelphia and while their burger is certainly good I've had better at a few other places. That being said it is a high quality burger. The real star for me is their truffle fries which are sprayed with some kind of magic crack sauce that make it impossible to stop eating. Also they serve up a great shake. I went twice. Once was during midday and they were not very busy and the burger was great. The second time I went was after the bars closed and they were crowded. The second time the burger wasn't as good as when they had time to put attention into it. But no doubt it's the best burger you're going to get after 2am in PhillyOverall an excellent burger place. 
I first visited this place over the summer on the recommendation from a friend and returned today before going to a concert. Both times were just plain amazing!
The environment is pretty informal, and I would recommend this place as a casual get-together-with-friends restaurant, certainly not for a date.
There is pretty limited seating, with room for a grand total of about 25-30 people max (and that's after sharing the 2-3 large tables in the middle with 5-6 other people!)
Environment: 4/5
But, you don't come here for the environment - you come for the EPIC TRUFFLE FRIES!!
Truffle fries are normal fries cooked in a special truffle oil, and they taste quite different (in a good way!) from typical ones. It's difficult to describe, but there is a unique aromatic taste that comes out in each bite, and I seriously just want to sit there eating them all day after taking the first bite. 
The burger, on the other hand, while pretty good, definitely isn't at the level of amazingness as the fries. I got the 500 Burger, which came with lettuce/tomato, bacon, and a special house sauce. The meat just didn't feel like it had as much flavor and chewy texture as I had expected and found at other burger joints. Also, the meat seemed a bit small relative to the size of the bun.
Burger: 3.5/5
Truffle fries: 5/5 (first time rating anything 5/5, so you know this is good!!)I'm stuck between 3 and 4 stars. Its a 5oz burger, and for 6 bucks, you can get more meat elsewhere, but what's really going for them are their ingredients. Beautiful roll, letuce tomato, and especially the meat. Like a good steak, the first bite had that blood red greese dripping onto the parchment (not too greesey overall). It's pretty much a classic all-american burger joint with minimal offerings of shakes and fries. 
This is definitely a lunch place but as good as the burgers are, I can't afford a $10 lunch most days. A good tip a friend gave me was that an order of fries are quite ample. So go with a friend, get two burgers and a fry to share.
I wish it blew my mind, but it didn't. It's a solid hamburger though...Great burgers, fries and shakes. They use high quality beef (with options to upgrade to Kobe - read Wagyu-or grass fed). Nicely cooked with great toppings and interesting combos and a very good bun. The burgers are accompanied by thin, crisp fries that taste of potato. I had a Kobe truffle burger, topped with truffled mushrooms and truffle cheese, that was very decadent. Added truffle fries and it was truffle heaven. Add it all up and you've got one great burger joint!If you are looking for a challenge in burger kingdom this is the place to go! Order the truffle fries and the black and white chocolate shake to finish it off! And enjoy the food coma that comes after this monstrous meal. :)Definitely on my list of places to eat. Quality and cleaniness. As Jules once said, "Hmm Huhumm. This is a tasty burger!"Really good burgers. Tasty, crunchy fries, creamy milkshakes made with Bassett's ice cream. Hits the spot after happy hour. I wish they had more space & the prices for burgers can be a bit steep, but it's so good, I often forget those complaints. The 500 Burger is my favorite - lettuce, tomato, cheddar, bacon, and special sauce. Cooked medium rare it's the perfect burger. The fry sauce and spicy fries are awesome.The only thing worth getting 2stars were the sweet potatoe fries.  I don't know but I would think if all you do are burgers then you could get the temperature right.  I ask for a Prime burger med. rare and it came out well done.  Also the bottom of my bun was over toasted so it started to fall apart....NOT a good experience!500 degrees is a great way to end a night out. You can definitely prevent a horrible hangover by soaking up any alcohol with a burger and fries here. You might also end up being one of the annoying/drunk people here that makes this place a mess after 1am. We all have those nights on occasion, so bring yourself here.
I'm obsessed with truffle anything, so the truffle fries were a must have. I ate them so fast and wanted more. The burger was so juicy and cooked perfectly (medium for me), and it was so huge I couldn't finish it. I got the build your own cheeseburger with grilled onions and jalapenos. This place is comparable to Shake Shack, but I actually like the burger and fries much better here. My friends ordered the veggie burger and the turkey burger, and they were equally raving about theirs, so it's not just the beef burger that's delicious here! It's a little bit of a wait, especially when the late night crowds start searching for food.