Smooth, warm, and potent the wildfire cocktail is the perfect antidote to these chilly fall/ winter nights. Add to that stellar cocktail one of the best people-watching perches in the city and a.bar is a-ok in my book.
I've often walked by and scoffed at how dark the space looks from the outside, longing for Kiehl's to return. How wrong I was! The dimly lit space is intimate & sultry. A great place for pre-dinner drinks or HH (all oysters, not just several types, are on the HH specials), I'm glad a.bar is just around the corner.Its a quite and nice bar in a good location, interior is nice and clean, just the appetizer aren't that greatYes, it was restaurant week.  There are only so many places you can try in a week or two, right?  Without breaking the bank or needing to add hours to the exercise regime!  So, we headed for lunch at a.bar, and were NOT disappointed.  I don't mind dining alone, but isn't it more fun with two?  Then you can share!  More to taste!  The Sea Bass Ceviche and Scallop Ceviche were delicious - I especially enjoyed the grapefruit tangy-ness in the scallop bowl.  The Soft Shell Crab sandwich was delicate and perfectly crunchy inside the soft roll - I like the contrast in textures.  Then, oh, the branzino filet - charred on the outside and meltingly soft on the inside.  I don't think we'll wait for another restaurant week to see what Chef Eli Kulp comes up with next...a. bar is a.mazing! I went for cocktails recently and can't wait to go back. The way that the bartenders mix drinks is an art form. Each cocktail is carefully crafted and so delicious!  There is also a raw seafood bar that looked great but I had already eaten dinner before stopping in so I didn't try any of the food. The oysters looked great so I'll be back for them soon as well as their homemade Ice Cream. 
Drinks that I tried in the order that I liked them: 
Newcomer 2.0 - so good that I ordered a second! Has a citrus flavor and is served in a martini glass 
Honey, I Dew - very good light and refreshing cocktail for the summer but oddly was served with a cantaloupe ball instead of a honeydew as a garnish. 
Six toed cat - this was my least favorite. It was a little too sweet for me but still delicious.Good cocktails but Bartender was very unfriendly.
She did become friendlier towards tip time.The drinks were great and the limited bar menu was very good, but the service was abysmal. I was there with two girlfriends. There were two bartenders and a server, but they ignored our table throughout our stay. Our second order of fries and our request for more flatbread took over half an hour. After they ignored us for the meal, they began asking us every two minutes to ask if we were done yet. When we complained, they comped us for the second order of furies and for the extra flatbread which -- you are warned -- otherwise would have cost $3.00. When our redone bill came our separate bills did not reflect the $9.00 discount and the sever went away and came back saying that the total was extra tax. We pointed out to him that the tax had already been charged. Not really apologetic, he went away with bills that were finally correct. Never again!A sibling to a.kitchen and the aka Rittenhouse Square hotel next door, a.bar occupies a prime, modern cornerfront venue at 18th and Walnut. Tables against the windows offer great views of the streetscape and action at Rittenhouse Square across the street, while a counter inside wraps around all the action at the bar.
In addition to the bartenders, there was a courteous, friendly server, David, working the entire venue and taking orders from everyone. The drinks were expertly crafted and didn't disappoint, whether the Perception Check (yogurt washed rum, mango cardamom shrub, cocchi rosa, cinque, becherovka) or the Margot (tequila, mezcal, yellow chartreuse, lemon, orange, ginger, chamomile, egg white). 
While I was there too late to sample the food menu, it's composed of similar fare as that offered by a.kitchen next door. Overall, a sophisticated - but not snotty or stuffy - venue for a quality drink.Stopped in while visiting from out of town. All I can say is that I loved the vibe in this place. It is a chic neighborhood bar where the bartenders and servers were hip, welcoming, and helpful. I enjoyed a fine martini made with a delicious local gin and a dry as bone rose wine. For nibbles, I slurpped down six sweet and salty Atlantic oysters on a half shell and devoured a small tin of their wonderful fries. If you are in the Rittenhouse area, stop in to this place!Amazing cocktail bar with great staff! I came here to try out the cocktails and it was definitely a great experience! I had two cocktails both were bourbon base and I loved both! Great selection of cocktails and staff is very knowledgable and friendly!After our lovely v-day meal, we stopped into a.bar for a quick drink.  Even though the place was packed, seats magically opened up for us and we had a lovely time.
I began with a rye Manhattan, one of my go-tos.  It was perfectly made.  My wife joined me on my whiskey adventure with a bourbon and seven.  Thankfully they had Buffalo Trace and she really enjoyed this simple drink as well.
Later on during our time, I asked the bartender if she could make me something with mezcal that was not on the menu.  I only saw one mezcal cocktail and I didn't like the sound of it.  She suggested a mezcal old fashioned and I was instantly curious.  What followed was a lovely, smokey yet well balanced cocktail that I won't soon forget the likes of.  I was very impressed.
The crowd in here was stylish and lively and being that they are practically on the park, their prices reflect their location and sense of style.  While it's not cheap by any means, I do feel you are getting what you pay for here.
This experience was excellent and we will return at some point.Stopped here for drinks before dinner last night.  The place is small and was fairly crowded, but we managed to snag two spots at the bar with no problem.  I thought the beer and wine lists were diverse and interesting, and the cocktail list was incredibly extensive. My wife loved her cocktail, and the two bartenders were both incredibly knowledgable, friendly, and put in a clear effort to make sure that we ended up with drinks that we enjoyed. 
The people-watching opportunities around the park are a huge plus. This may become a regular pre-dinner stop for us in Rittenhouse.As many reviewers have noted, the space is chic, but very small.  
No one in my party ate but we had several drinks. All of the specialty cocktails we tried were very, very good, and worth their hefty price tags. We particularly enjoyed the rye-based drink, the Red Hook.
Last, many reviewers have noted this place is incredibly pretentious; while our server was truly delightful, friendly and helpful, we found the patrons to be pretty....well, pretentious and generally hostile. Thus, I'm the fence about this place; I would like to come back but I'm not sure I'm ready to be sneered at by millennials in skinny jeans while I'm spending lots of money. In sum: four yelps for the drinks service, one yelp reduction for the "atmosphere."Definitely have The Thinking Machine...you won't regret it. Had the oysters too which made for a good combination.Following the Yelp event over at the Icon boo and I felt like it would be a shame to call it a night after we'd spent so much time getting ready so we decided to hop over to a.bar to. I'd had a hankering for a martini all night and this seemed like as good a place to satisfy my thirst as any. 
We got the last two seats at the bar and I promptly ordered a Bluecoat. I was a little disappointed that I hadn't specified dirty, it came with a lemon peel in it. I felt like it was way too watered down and was pretty disappointed. I rushed through it and promptly ordered a Hendricks martini dirty. This one was better but still tasted watered down. 
I was tempted to give this place 2 stars but the service was attentive and friendly and the atmosphere is definitely awesome. I wouldn't have a problem going back but with all the options right there it may be awhile.I would give this place 0 stars if I could. Never have I experienced such rude snooty Bartenders in my life. The staff was completely rude and stuck up with their noses so high in the air they couldn't see straight. They were more worried about eating behind the bar and high fiving each other. The bartender with the big beard was the worst, rolling his eyes and acting annoyed at customers. I will NEVER come back to this place and I have already made sure to tell people how unworthy of your business this place is. They need to get a grip and get their heads out of their asses. I'll take my money to one of 1,000 of bars around it.Went here for lunch today. It was a ray of sunshine on a snowy cold day. The wine selection was amazing. Oysters were fresh and large. We both had the a.burger cooked to perfection. I can't wait to come back and try the cocktails. A women was raving about a pisco sour and I must return to try it.I live near by.  I am new to the area.  I always wanted to stop in.  Whenever I looked in the window, the bar was full.  Tonight, i saw my opportunity!   
After a particularly long day at work (walking home at 9), I peeked in the window!  Yes!  Time for one before I go home. 
Well, one became two... The bartender, Paul, was so engaging, friendly, and knowledgeable. He knew which guests wanted company and which ones wanted to be left alone.  A trait I respect in a bartender. 
On to me... I wanted one drink... I good, flavorful, flavors layered, time-to-get-sleep drink.  After asking me about my preferences, we decided "Derivative" was it.  And, I'm so glad we did.  Complex flavors layered, yet, upfront for you to know it's genuine. 
Side note:  Nicole, the server for tables, is delightful, engaging, and diligent.  
So, after talking with Paul about a myriad of things, I decided to have a nightcap- his choice. Although I prefer the Derivative, I am glad I had one more of Paul's masterpieces.
Definitely will be back!Unfriendly waiter during the holidays. Loud, uncouth customers in the next booth - bragging incessantly.  Teeny tiny drinks. Forget it. Go ANYwhere else.Lindsay, Jessica, and Tyler pegged it. There is simply nothing remarkable about this place except for their high prices. I LOVE oysters but found their 1.50 Happy Hour oysters to be less remarkable than most I've had in Colorado. I wouldn't say this place is bad but I will not be returning.My fiancé and I popped in here one afternoon for a drink and a snack before we had to be somewhere. I had been to a.kitchen before, but never to a.bar, so it was interesting to see the differences. We grabbed two seats and the bar and got plenty of attention from our bartender. 
The negroni I had was definitely well crafted, as the bartenders take a careful amount of time to prepare each drink. For me it was a little too gin heavy and needy and bigger punch of Campari, but it was good nonetheless. My fiances cocktail, while I can't remember exactly what it was was good as well. They definitely take pride in making quaility beverages. We needed a little snack to hold us over, so we ordered the old bay fries with local ketchup. These were very on point as well. While I thought they could have used a lot more old bay to really rectify the old bay fries name, they were a tasty bar snack nonetheless. The fries were piping hot and super crispy and dressed up nicely when being dipped into the ketchup.
It's a teeny tiny little bar, but swanky and cool for sure. I'd definitely return for a nice cocktail and some snacks.I really like everything about this place except for the prices.  We went during happy hour for the $1.50 oysters.  All of the oysters are on sale so it's a nice way to try a mix of oysters you wouldn't normally get.  We had a mix of west coast and east coast.  Our bartender was super nice, although when a friend asked him to make her something refreshing it turned out to be a $15 cocktail, lesson learned.  There are no drink specials during happy hour.  The cheapest glass of wine is around $11, with cocktails starting a little higher than that.  The cocktails were tasty and had nice ingredients but the cocktails at Hop Sing are cheaper than most of the drinks at a.bar.  The space was really nice, and I could totally see myself hanging out there, but the amount I spent on happy hour is more than I typically spend for a nice dinner so you really have to watch what you order.Where are you going? a.bar. A bar? Yea. Oh, Bar? No, A.bar. Ahh, ok see you there. Meeting friends at a.bar can be tricky, but I'm really glad I did, because it's a great little spot.
The crowd ranged from a group of women who looked like they might be on their way to a Real Housewives of New Jersey audition, to an awkward first date, to a bunch of suits who looked like they just got out of a conference, to a loner old man in a hat who is probably secretly a one hit wonder rock star. Eclectic to say the least, but made for some great people watching (not to mention the tinted glass makes for great people watching outside the bar as well).
We sat at the bar and service was attentive but not overbearing. I had the Pamplemousse Spritz, which was delicious. Next up, upon the recommendation of my friend, I was interested in trying a Fernet-based drink, since I'd never had it and she was raving about it (apparently it's a West-Coast thing, and just starting to hit the Philly drink scene) but didn't see any on the menu, and wasn't quite ready for a straight glass. The bartender was happy to craft a cocktail, and it was wonderful. We also tried the Fluke , which was delicious and had a super interesting flavor with the almond milk.
Great spot for a drink, but I wouldn't be able to have more than a few here because that bill adds up fast! I think it's more of an intimate group thing, too, I wouldn't go with more than 3 people as you'll have a hard time getting seated and will likely feel crowded.Went here for drinks and a light dish. The drinks were delicious and they had a nice selection of worldly wine. We ordered the homemade fries and the octopus. The octopus was delicious. Perfectly cooked and seasoned just so. No over powered not too salty. Delicious!!Came here last night for a nightcap. Reminded me of a great bar back in NYC. Friendly and knowledgeable staff, delicious and strong drinks, and good ambiance. Will definitely be back!Ummm, I'm on the fence about this place. 
I went on a Monday with some friends to indulge in some cocktails and their happy hour special of 1.50 oysters. I have to say, I was surprised that there were no drink specials but I managed. 
The inside was nice. Its very small and dark. Almost too dark. I guess I might love the darkness at 11pm on a fall night more than in the summer but I still was not that impressed with the inside. I was expecting to love it more. 
What really threw me was when we got the bill. I had 3 drinks and 6 1.50 oysters and my portion of the bill was over $50 with tip. Sort of insane. I mean yes, the drinks with delicious but I can get an even more delicious cocktail at Hop Sing for less.Nice little place.  Extensive cocktail and wine list.  Staff was very friendly and helpful. Its decorated nicely but the space is a little tight.  Good if you want grab a drink with a friend but I'd avoid large groups.Such a nice bar. Small but crisp with good music and great mixologists. They know their stuff and will not steer you wrong with the cocktails. I'm not a big fan of seafood but the old bay fries were nice and crispy and salty. Perfect with my drink. What a great place to just get a drink early in the afternoon by people who know how to make one. Expensive but cocktails usually are. Tria is just a couple of blocks away if you want wine. Staff is friendly.This place seems like it would be very touristy but I was pleasantly surprised. I've been here a few times for drinks or some appetizers and I've never been disappointed. It's a nice upscale bar where you can enjoy your drink in a trendy atmosphere. Definitely recommend for early evening drinksa.bar is a little intimidating from the outside and completely different once you are inside.  The space is really cool and the bartender, Amy is just fabulous!  She is very knowledgeable, friendly, warm and welcoming.  She was a breathe of fresh air!  Not to mention, the food and wine pairings she offered were just as great.  Looking forward to going back again soon!Their wine selection is astounding.  Unusual picks from all over the world, stuff you definitely will not find elsewhere.  the staff is knowledgeable and if you aren't in a wine mood they make great cocktails.  They have a happy hour at 3, which is pretty early but it's buck a shuck oysters.A great place to stop on the way home for a drink.  The bartenders are excellent, Dan is a master craftsman.  The place has a great vibe, but is not so loud you can't have a conversation with the attractive person sitting next to you.I wouldn't eat here again I figure I try the place since it's restaurant week the staff treated me differently because I'm black .the waiter never checked on my food I had to ask 3 times 4 ice water with lime .the seating inside is odd never againGreat intimate corner bar to grab a quiet cocktail. Drinks are well made, service is good, seating is first come first serve.We're from New York where there's nothing but crowds. Very clean here and calm. Excellent cocktails and service.Cool little spot right near Rittenhouse park. If I could give the drinks a 5 star rating and the food a 3 I would...
The bartender and the drinks were great. Made strong but well balanced- I enjoyed a few different cocktails and each was made well and with attention to detail.
Friends shared fries, pickle plate, and a cheese plate. All was good but nothing to rave about. I was really disappointed with the yellow fin tuna melt. At the price point I was expecting a thinly sliced seared piece of yellow fin. What I got was a sort of yellow fin tuna salad (couldnt tell if it was canned or they cooked it there) with some chips on the side.
Go for drinks and maybe some small plates. Skip the yellow fin meltSolely based off cocktails as we didn't eat; this place kills it. We were massive fans of Society Hill Society drinks and wondered where those bartenders went upon its closure when we stumbled into a.bar and found our favourite one! Paul is a master mixologist and his drinks knowledge and flair for ingredients is amazing. Delighted we can now get our mezcal fix a few blocks from home and by an expert. Don't focus on the menu, simply tell him what type of drinks you like and he'll nail it. You won't be disappointed!Nice place with really great service. The food was good and drinks are ok. Nothing out of the ordinary and a little pricey. Certainly wouldn't mind coming back for the food.Really expensive. I went here for happy hour with my friends and we barely got a space at the bar because there was an event there taking up 75% of the rest of the restaurant. Since we arrived a few minutes after happy hour ended, we had to pay full price. For my two friends and I, we bought a few oysters, three small plates, and three drinks and spent close to $100. For that price we could have gone somewhere and gotten full meals, dessert, and drinks. We were still hungry after so we ended up going to the pizza place around the corner and buying a whole pie (for only $15, might I add.) Great ambiance in here and a good place to get a drink.Shmee.
What kind of happy hour doesn't have drink specials?  No half priced wine? No somewhat reasonably priced cocktails?  No $3 draft?  Nothing?  Anything?  Please?
Okay, so there are $1.50 oysters, I'll give them that, but I can get equally delicious, if not more delicious oysters at Oyster House a few blocks away.  And they're only $1 on happy hour.
Not crazy about the vibe here either.  While it's always looked fab and fancy when I've walked by, when inside it feels cold and impersonal.  There was something off about the service when I went too.
Overall, you won't have a horrible experience here, but it wouldn't be one of my top recommendations for an after work adult beverage and snack.
a.bar?  closer to c+.bar.We came here one night when Franklin Mortgage was "busy" and I'm glad we stopped in.  Besides the killer playlist, the bartender was fantastic!  She gave me a classier version of a seven and seven (an upscale bourbon and seven instead) and she made my husband the perfect Manhattan.  She was very well-versed regarding mezcal, too.  They don't have a huge beer list, but come on...this is a cocktail spot.  It was a little tight in here, but I dug the vibe and the mature, yet vibrant crowd.The service is outstanding inside this cozy, urban bar. Want to try something new and different, ask and you shall receive...amazing mixologists!Stopped by on Sunday before dinner at a.kitchen and  just loved a.bar. This place had happy hour oysters, handcrafted cocktails, a unique wine list and Matt, the bartender was knowledgeable and helpful.
We will definitely be coming back.Get the money printing press going if you're coming here for a drink. They recently changed their stemware which includes smaller glasses but with drinks at the same price. For $16 I expect a martini to be more than three sips. Totally disappointed. You may be in the high rent district but walk one block west to Smith & Wollenskys and get a real pour for the same money. In fact, walk one block in any direction and you'll get a decent drink for a decent price. If you want sissy stemware for undersized, over priced drinks you've found the right place. If not, pull out your smart phone and look for any other bar within one block in any direction and satisfy your libations with a much better place than a.Bar.I came here with six friends for New Year's Eve barhopping around 10pm. We were lucky that seats opened up at the bar soon after we walked in. I got the Orange Catholic from the seasonal cocktail menu and a bartender's choice. Both drinks were good but a bit on the pricey side, about $35 total with tax and tip. The bartender was nice and joked with us. There were three bartenders and all were quick with getting orders outI didn't want to wait to get into my usual spot, Franklin Mortgage & Investment Co., so I checked this place out.  My bartender was highly knowledgeable and so attentive and kind. She recommended a drink based on the info I gave her and it was absolutely perfect and just what I was in the mood for. I didn't order food, but 5 stars for cocktails and service.A PLUS PLUS PLUS..!!
This place is excellent all around! The cocktail list is amazing and changes with the season. The cocktail menu is vast and is broken down into 4 categories with about six different drinks in each so there is a broad selection for all palates. The menu has creative to classic cocktails and all variations in between.
The bartenders are very knowledgeable about the cocktails.  They use fine tasting liquors and ingredients in the drinks which comes across in every sip.
The prices are actually not much more than cocktails at other rittenhouse cocktail bars and I think they are BY FAR the best TASTING and best PRESENTATIONS at a.bar.
Also - keep in mind the location - the location is prime - and all the bars on the square: rouge, parc, etc charge about the same perhaps a tad less but the cocktails are not that great.
The inside is sleek and sexy but still a fun chill atmosphere.
The staff is extremely friendly and funny and a great group of people.This is my favorite place for cocktails in rittenhouse / CC. 
YUM..!{Sigh}. To live in Philly again and have bars like this. I loved it here last night. This is an intimate, well-stocked bar with extremely knowledgeable and talented bartenders. Paul in particular really won us over. Try the "Left Hand" (bourbon, Campari, vermouth and chocolate bitters) - it tasted like grown-up dessert in a glass. At first I questioned whether they should add more bourbon to their selection, but Paul made a good point - this is a cocktail bar, so you're more likely to find unique liquors like Cynar than your favorite rocks or neat brand spirit. Go with it, trust the bartender, and enjoy!I was here for restaurant week and it was all subpar. The two appetizers I ordered were sea bass cerviche and the soft shell shrimp. The cerviche was sort of coconutty with a whole bunch of flavorless and the shoft shell shrimp was seasoned well but with little meat. It could've used more of the sauce.
The main course was a soft shell crab sandwich that came on what seemed to be a store bought potato roll. The crab was actually pretty good, but it was on some plain ass lettuce with some mayo. This would've been better served on a longer roll of some sort.
Dessert was a pretzel sundae. It was good.. for a diner. It came in a tiny cheese ice cream cup with some chocolate soft serve, fudge and pretzels UNDER it, with a splattering of salt or something on top. It wasn't great for what I'd expect from a restaurant in rittenhouse unless it was one of those random diners.Bottomline: Quite possibly the best cocktail bar of the moment (2017) in Philly, elevating Philadelphia's nonexistent Hotel Bar Scene. Definitely worth a visit and revisit in its own right.
TASK: Hotel bars have a tough task of balancing an itinerant clientele in need of food, drink, and coffee. Hours become extended, staff gets worn, quality gets exchanged for that which is generic and appeals to the masses. Enter boutique hotels and all that they offer. Here, it's about character and crafting an individual experience from the staff to the patrons.
EXECUTION: The wine list is one of the best curated (and priced) in the city. The cocktails are made by bartenders with a passion to create rather than a generic list handed down from management. The drinks are edgy, inventive, and well-balanced. I've yet to mention the food! A fantastic raw bar competes with a myriad of enticing appetizers anchored by solid locally-sourced burgers and other mains.
FUTURE: Like Kimpton Hotels, aka Hotels have created a strong boutique brand. aka has a smaller reach at this time and from what can be seen, each property is unique. Character is what makes this Hotel Bar a destination and saves it from being just another generic hotel bar.My Favorite bar. Great drinks but the size of a drink can increase and the price can decrease a bit :PI'm not sure what Benjamin B. was talking about... a local bartender recommended we come here, and it did not disappoint. Kevin was amazing, talked shop about the bourbon selection and even gave us a taste of a rare rye they had in stock. Excellent cocktails (I recommend the Toronto) and solid craft beer list (NB: I'm not a wine drinker). Overall great vibe and design to the place, friendly servers and bartenders, and truly inventive and original cocktail list (even their "classics" were new to me).This is a quaint and cozy place to enjoy a relaxing lunch. The venue is rather small, but comfy. The ambiance is cool & ecclectic. The staff was friendly and attentive. You can either eat at the bar or sit in one of the few booths available. 
I went wanting to try the fried chicken, but it is only served with dark meat. Instead of the fried chicken I settled on the tuna melt. The tuna melt delicious. The tuna was perfectly seasoned and the rye bread was frezh. I had the cabbage slaw to accompany my tuna melt. The cabbage slaw was very tasty. 
I will definitely return here again, the entire experience was enjoyable.Ok. I don't expect to walk into a bar and be bowed to (although that wouldn't be the worst thing in the world), but the stiffs at a.bar have stiff backs; as in, their noses are so high in the air that they don't see you, which explains why my friend and I had to ask for water 3-4 times, before the bartenders deigned to bring us glasses. Also, when I'm blowing 60-70$ for drinks and oysters/person, I expect a little conversation from the bartender about what I'm drinking, instead of ignoring us completely before turning to the teeny boppers seated next to us and pouring them generous free drinks. I have to admit, albeit grudgingly, that the wine selection and oysters are pretty good, but bad bar service left a bad taste.Hands down the most pretentious bar I've ever been to in Philly. You can get the same ambiance at a much more friendly place. I'm all for the intimate atmosphere, but indiscriminate service should not be compromised. From the moment I stepped in there I felt like the staff was not going to appreciate my patronage. 
We waited several minutes before we were asked for our drink order and the bartender was chilly at best. Having said that, this place offers excellent cocktails and their preparation is true craftsmanship. I thought the wine list was great too, and enjoyed a happy hour special on oysters. 
The takeaway is if you'd like to be treated well, feel welcome and spend far less money, go elsewhere.Can't wait to go back for food selection. Need to make some extra $$ tho. Not cheap. Not for everyone. The trend seems to be small tapas plates these days. 
I like the vibe even tho I agree with another yelp reviewer that it's full of self important people with their cell phones on the bar and yacking about where to buy the latest greatest Prada.....
I like to sit back, observe and get a kick out of all of it! People are very entertaining.
The menu is simple, mostly raw, refined, great for sharing, healthy. Try the ceviche, hamachi, summer squash salad. So delicious. Happy hour is fun. It's a  little spot in the middle of all the action on a great corner that is open all day. I loved it even if I cannot afford Prada dah'ling.Great happy hour treats!
We got a dozen oysters, the peel and eat shrimp, the raw taster, the fries, and the poke. It was all yummy!zzzzzzzzz.  That's a pretty accurate feeling I get when I think of this place.  The drinks were ok and the waitress did not know how to describe the specialty cocktail I inquired about.  She babbled for a little bit and then closed with "it's good".  Oh well in that case, I'll definitely get it because I'm 100% sure we have the exact same taste in everything!  Sigh.  She was also kind of rude and took forever to give us our check.  I hate when my fellow yelpers talk shit on an establishment but don't say what places are better.  A couple places who are winning at making specialty cocktails and don't have bitchy servers:
in no apparent order
Lemon Hill
Ranstead Room
XIX
Hop Sing Laundromat
1 Tippling Place
Franklin Mortgage
I did see Mike Jerrick and said hello when I was cocktailing there so I gave a.bar a.star through affiliation.Great place for after work drinks. Fun windows right into RH and an impressive wine list. Also, a great oyster HH special.Nice location, and the woman that helped with my reservation was great as we were a large group. I will say the menu reflects the location... Prices are more. I do wish for wine week they would have had a twist to the selection, but overall the wine was good and grilled octopus a must try.Cozy, great space, had phenomenal brunch with creative and very well made and presented cocktails and food. Excellent and friendly service.Happy hour isn't as happy as it could be. Bartender wasn't as happy as he could be. Not sure I'll be sprinting back.A nice small spot, quieter than you would expect being right off of Rittenhouse. The cocktails are trying hard to be interesting, but not quite successful.Servers were unwelcoming and slow. We ordered an appetizer that never came and was not acknowledged. There was only one other group at bar other than us with 2 bartenders . When my husband had his empty wine glass sitting there for 20 minutes the bartender said are you ok in a condescending tone . Ummm maybe ask he if wants another drink since it's a bar! I would never go back hereThis is the worst bar I have ever been in Philly. Bartender Lessie refused to serve me a drink after I had only one before. Forget that I was waiting 30 min to get her attention and to hear that I can't have another one. Couple next to me said same thing. They stopped serving them as well. Gentelman who sat on the other side said same thing that they refuse making drinks all the time here. After reading some of the reviews I see that it happens there all the time. Cocktails are expensive if you want to go out and have few drinks make sure you have 100$ to spend. If Lessie or kevin or other bartender will even feel like to make you another drink. Stuff was very rude and unprofessional. For a bar on Rittenhouse square I would expect to be classy. But not that bar. There were only 10 people on Saturday night around the bar. I guess there is a clear reason right here why this bar is not crowded. I will never go there ever again or recommend this place to anyone. I would give zero stars if I could.Sad to see employees in this area treat customers like second class citizens. Would not recommend to anyone outside of Philly. Plenty of places up the street to enjoy with better staff and service!WARNING - BIG CHANGES AS OF 11/28/14!
No longer the place to go for amazing cocktails.  Menu is stripped bare and now looks like every other hotel bar in the city. 
A.bar had established itself as (IMHO) the top places to go to in Philly for an ever changing list of finely crafted cocktails - without gimmick.  This was my go-to place for a good drink.  Clients from out of town were always brought here to finish off the night.
Maybe they'll see the error of their ways and bring it back.  Until then, this place doesn't really have anything to offer.
It will be greatly missed.  A true loss indeed.Good drinks but the rudest servers. Drinks were plopped down then tab placed on the table without any"thank you".This place is small and intimate. It isn't loud like most bars so having a conversation without screaming is possible. 
I came here because I was visiting and someone recommended it. I didn't have the cocktails but ordered a glass of wine since I was feeling under the weather. The waiter was friendly and attentive.
Overall, it's a nice vibe and will visit again.This place fits in perfectly in its central location across the street from Rittenhouse Square on one of the busiest blocks in Center City. Picture business casual, well dressed 30-something adults with their iPhones out drinking expensive cocktails and/or munching on a plate of raw oysters in a dark, small, minimally decorated bar. The bar is packed at happy hour. Conversation ranges from "OH my god your Prada shoes are SO fabulous" to "Ugh I NEED this martini after the day I've had at the office!" 
It's not that there's anything wrong with this scene, per se. While I did enjoy my well made Martini (slightly difficult to mes that up), my man did not enjoy his cocktail which was one of their signature ones off the menu. There are a lot of options on there, but beware they are way, way overpriced. In the realm of craft cocktails, this place easily charges $2-4 more per drink compared to their nearby competition (Franklin Mortgage, Ranstead Room, 1 Tippling Place). And honestly, I think their competition, for the most part, makes them better.
The raw bar menu looked good-my man had a plate of their happy hour special oysters. $1.50 per for happy hour 4pm-6pm. We also sampled the spiced olives. There were a few things on the menu that I'd have liked to try, seafood being my thing, but again were going with the theme of being overpriced. Not going to spend $15 on an appetizer plate during happy hour. Nope.
Really, it's just too stuffy in here to be my scene. When I'm looking to have a nice cocktail for happy hour, I'd much rather go somewhere not as crowded or pretentious. I'm sorry-it just has that vibe. Not my thing, I won't be back because of this.Truly AMAZING experience! Daniela is a coffee drink genius! We asked for a Bailey's & coffee but they didn't have Bailey's- and we're so glad they didn't. She mixed her take on the coffee drink, paired it with her own whipped cream concoction and nailed it! We enjoyed it with the chocolate tart and together it was truly awesome! This is a must stop when you're in Philly!This my first review and I made a yelp account just to leave it. I just had a really disappointing experience here. I went in after a long shift at work (I'm a nurse) because I wanted a good glass of wine (which I know they have ), and a burger (also knew they had that). The service was so sad. I was alone, and sat for quite some time before someone helped me, then after he asked my order he proceeded to make 3 cocktails for the party sitting next to me before pouring my glass of wine (these are intense cocktails-- they take a long time). I think this was accentuated by the fact that I was alone and clearly wasn't part of the party who he was making his special drinks for.  Finally, his partner bar tender asked what I had ordered and poured me my glass of wine.  It was quite nice. Then, my burger came-- not good at all. I wasn't expecting the burger to be amazing but I was expecting it to be on par with philly standards, definitely not the case. The bread was hard and the meat charred. AND they don't have any kind of mayonnaise for fries (3 year olds dip fries in ketchup, adults dip fries in mayonnaise--preferably a home made one). Then, it was time to ask for my check. I asked the woman who had so kindly gotten my wine when I had been neglected-- right after I asked her,though, she disappeared. For a long time. So I asked the bartender who had originally forgotten about me. My bill came, $37. The wine was worth all $12 but the burger (which is $18) wasn't worth $4. Normally, I'm quite open to paying this much at a nice bar, but I would think the servers and bar tenders would at least be friendly (and, truthfully, when I'm alone that's kind of what I'm paying for) I will not be going back which is a shame bc they have nice wines and (apparently) amazing cocktails.We always go to a.bar when in Philadelphia.  Sean was our bartender the last 2 times.  Had the pate..cheese platte .. steak tartar.. amazing as usual.  Plus Sean hooked us up with awesome champagne.I love the idea of a no frills, no exceptions oyster driven happy hour.  They're all $1.50 and they have a great rotating selection of incredibly fresh and properly shucked mollusks.  They had two varieties I've never had before, and one variety was so big and creamy that I had to force myself to remember it was an oyster.  
Even after a wonderful oyster experience, you have to prepare for the breathtakingly expensive drink list.  It's an incredible selection with creative cocktails, but it's so pricey that we couldn't bring ourselves to order any of the $13+ bar creations.  We settled for a $7 Sage Saison, and my jaw hit the bar again when he reached for miniature pint glass.  Regardless of the price, the beverage was delicious.  If they'd just throw a cocktail and a beer on the happy hour menu, this place would be an easy five-star happy hour.
The clientele was very interesting with a smattering of younger urbanites, upper crust Rittenhouse couples, and a few window watching groups of younger girls trying to make a scene for themselves.  The service was excellent, and the space is very well designed.  It has a cozy, intimate feel, which is hard to believe, because there's so much metal, glass and cool paint tones.  
When you have a serious craving for a wide variety of Oysters, this is a good spot.Best craft cocktail bar in town. Ask for a whiteLady or Pisco sour. Graham and Matt are two of the best drink specialist in rittenhouse, they can make you any cocktail of your choice, even drinks not on the menu. Do try the honey custard from dessert menu and the charred octopus from starter, it is simply delicious.I've only been here for lunch. During lunch it's a nice quiet spot for a drink and a good meal. The burger is a nice juicy perfectly cooked to order patty that ranks right up there with Philly's best. The open faced tuna sandwich is yummy as well. Great spot for people watching if you grab a seat by the window. I'll definitely go back for a Happy Hour at some point.Excellent fresh ingredients with perfect seasoning. A place to slow down and enjoy flavors. The "when doves cry" summer cocktail was amazing. And of course all good restaurants have impeccable service. Nice lunch watching Rittenhouse Square.This review is 5 stars as the bartender working on Monday night was outstanding. It was one of the best bar experiences we have had specifically because the lady making the drinks was so attentive, informative, helpful, and allowed us to sample things we would never have tried otherwise. The experience was why we will return.Atmosphere was great. The charcuterie board was good and even though we ordered right as the kitchen was closing they went ahead and let us place the order. Appreciated the service from the bartender and overall enjoyed the drinks, the food, and the service.Top notch location, mood and drinks. But what truly distinguishes this place in a city of exceptional bars is the incredible service.  Graham knows what you need before you do.  My man doesn't just serve drinks, he delivers memories.Stopped in for a drink before dinner. Packed bar, cool vine, (overly) sweet bourbon drink. It was "Merely A Line," and ot be honest, I didn't recognize all of the additions to it. Really, just saw bourbon and went with it. It was sweet, but expertly crafted after further review. I need to visit again for a more serious write-up. But so far so good.