Back in the good old days, my buddies and I would occasionally order food from Abner's when we were taking it easy. The place itself isn't anything great - there are tables and a couple of booths, but otherwise it's not somewhere you're going to take someone on a date. Aside from that, the food itself was reasonable, if not a bit greasy - eating a cheesesteak was an adventure in and of itself. The food was generic and average; I would say the steak was okay but nothing terribly special, and the same goes for the wings, chicken tenders, and fries as well. It'd also be a stop for us because they sold 40s at a decent price, and, well, who can resist a well-priced bottle of Old English? It is what it is, which is a decent place to get a steak at (probably one of the better stops on campus), as well as other fried, greasy foods.Best cheesesteak that I've had so far! The waffle fries are YUMMY! Also, service and delivery are pretty fast. It's a great place to eat in U-City.Average cheesesteaks and wings. The employees were nice. The business is heavily relied on the university environment. If you would like to experience great cheesesteaks, you might want to consider the vendor at Reading terminals marketA staple during my college years at Drexel. I ordered a cheesesteak today, about 10 years since my last visit and it's just as good as I recall!Abner's is everything a cheesesteak should be. Soft bread, tasty meat, perfectly cooked onions and gooey cheese. I have heard friends rave about other places but when I take them to Abner's, they all agree that they are good. I have been going to Abner's for over 10 years and have never been disappointed. The cheesesteaks are consistently good. I look forward to my next trip to Philly and introducing my son to Abner's.One of the best in Philly.  These steaks, and waffle fries, have been around since the 80s and they are still amazing. Worth the trip!!Solid cheesesteaks but everything else was unimpressive. Restaurant was old, empty, and dirty. If your looking for a solid cheesesteak for a decent price it's a good choice. If your looking for a "spot" keep looking.My first cheesesteak ever, and I wasn't sure how I would like the cheese whiz (not usually something I would eat) but I have to say I'm a fan. That was amazing! The sandwich melts in your mouth, I couldn't put it down.I ended up visiting here twice during my short visit to Philadelphia - once, because it was close to my hotel and someone said that Abner's had the best cheesesteaks, and a second time, because a colleague who had graduated from UPenn 20 years ago wanted to come visit an old college haunt while we were in town. I guess this place restaurant has been around for a while. According to her, the campus has changed considerably since then, so much that she barely recognizes the area anymore... but there's still Abner's.
Coming off a less than thrilling visit to Pat's the day before, I decided to try my luck again with a Philly cheesesteak in Philadelphia... I'm not a cheez whiz fan, so I ordered with provolone, and onions. I thought it was slightly meh, but decidedly greasier, tastier and overall a better experience than my visit to Pat's. I'm guessing that I'm not really a fan of cheesesteaks after all. I quit.
When my colleagues decided to visit later in the week, I came anyway, but decided... no more cheesesteaks! So I ordered a steak stromboli... which is filled with cheesesteak ingredients. Hah. And it tasted so much better! I have no idea what a stromboli really is supposed to be, but the cheesesteak/stromboli hybrid tasted so much more delicious to me. I thought it was quite good. It was also unexpectedly enormous; I had expected something that looked like a Hot Pocket, but was instead presented with an enormous, greasy monstrosity over a foot long (Los Angeles readers: it reminded me of the portion sizes of burritos at El Tepeyac). It's best split among two people!
I found the service to be hospitable and friendly. One of my colleagues asked for a cheesesteak with half whiz and half provolone (which we joked was the "tourist special") and they happily obliged. There's also none of the attitude that seems prevalent at those other two famous rival cheesesteak joints. It seems kinda like a dive locale. Our group was able to sit, eat, drink, watch a basketball game and converse freely for a couple hours into the late night. Prices are cheap and reasonable as well.I finally found the best cheesesteak and/or fast delivery in University City. The ONLY reason I am not giving 5 stars is due to the fact when I call, as a regular customer, the service is nothingggg but attitude. I tried ordering online but my order gets messed up every time so I was hoping the customer service improved via phone but alas...it has not. Best cheesesteak in UCity with the worst customer service.Probably the best steak in Univ. City.  My experiences have varied, though.  Sometimes the roll is fresh, the meat is tender, the onions are fully cooked, and the cheese is plentiful.  Other times the meat is overcooked, the cheese is sparse, the roll is hard, and the onions are half-raw.  
It's cheap and good eats for the area.  If you go to Penn you've prob. been there a few times.  They also deliver to Drexel.Good cheesesteak. I enjoyed one with waffle fries. My tapeworm loved it. Had one from Geno's and Pat's. I liked this one better. I would recommend if you are near here to stop in and grab one.classic cheesesteaks at Penn.
fries wit'
post palestra, the place to be.
tremendous cheesesteaks, hoagies, fries, any  sort of food.  
as good as Jims or Genos.  
signed autographs of the greats in the walls.OMG. Wanda was awesome making our cheese steak.   We polite and funny.  Food was definaltely a 10.  Will recommend highly.Ordered delivery at HUP. Delivery was fast and efficient. The food was hot and was ready to eat. I ordered cheesesteak with mega fries. The cheesesteak was good, but could have used more salt. The fries were hot and very good. This is a great place to order if you are at HUP.Anyone who hasn't visited Abner's during their college days or after a local sporting event must not be from this planet.  
Abner's tastes best after a night of drinking but the sandwiches are full of meat and very generous with the cheese on a tasty roll. Condiments are on offer as well. 
One of the highlights is the basin in which to clean your hands after the juice runs over your fingers! 
The staff is nice considering the shadies that come into the place during late night binges.  Stop in and try a sandwich.  I don't think you will be disappointed.I can't help but feel that inspite of it's flaws, Abner's fits perfectly with it's west Philadelphia location. It may be a little grimy and rough around the edges, but it makes up for this where it counts. They make good cheese steaks, and that's the bottom line. It really feels like a neighborhood fixture, as they have more personality in a few faded photographs than the Chilies next store no matter how much goofy stuff they put on the walls. 
Additionally, the prices won't hurt your wallet, as you can expect to pay half what you would down at Geno's or Pats. The staff is friendly and the food is good. You won't loose any weight eating here but that's why it's good. If you want to double your temptation, they have a decent beer selection and sell by the bottle or the case. 
Overall, Abner's is a fine place to hang out with some college friends and catch some highlights on ESPN, satisfy that late night cheese steak craving, or exchange your basketball tickets for a free soda to wind down the evening.I went to this place to have a cheese steak while I visited upenn campus. The food here was great! I also had onion rings and it was just okay.I was in the city for business and a convenient parking spot around the "lunch hour" led me to Abner's.  Some glowing reviews on Yelp! did not hurt either.
The decor is very 1980s ish.  They have a ton of sports pictures covering the wall of the dining room.  Most of them are hanging somewhat crooked but hey, I guess you can say that adds character.  They also have a banner hanging inside the restaurant stating that when the Drexel Dragons score over 100 points, free cheesesteaks.
The place was fairly empty for noon on a Tuesday afternoon in the city. I did not take this as a sign of positivity.  To compliment the vacancy, the service was also very slow.  The woman working the grill and the cashier were not very welcoming either.
On to the food, I went cheesesteak with fried onions and mushrooms.  For me this was an average cheesesteak, nothing special.  I did enjoy the fresh pickles and banana peppers that were available from the condiments bar.
The place started to pick-up as I was finishing.  PennDot must have blown the lunch siren.  Most grabbed steaks but I saw one very unflattering looking slice of pizza come out as well.  The gentleman who had the slice was also enjoying a 40 oz Coors Light.  So maybe that balanced things out a bit.
As you can probably gather, I am in no hurry to come back and a little disappointed that I whiffed on lunch, while in the city.  There are so many great dining options.  A convenient location won out this time around.  I also remain a little perplexed by the amount of 4-5 star reviews.Overall about what you would expect. Stopped here on the way to a meeting for work, so I felt a bit out of place in a suit and tie. The vibe is definitely on the dirty, late-night drunk food side.I wouldn't knock the quality of the cheesesteak too much, but I have certainly had better.Its not bad, but it also is not good. The meat needs flavor or seasoning, the bread was average at best same for size.  I would say the local pizza place has better steak.
As for staff and decor well its a cheesesteak place, wait in like, order, put your own toppings onOrdered a medium pizza and wings for pickup. Both were still very hot by the time I got home. The pizza was delicious, my only gripe would be that it is more like a small pizza than a medium. However, for $6.50 it is still well priced. Next time I would probably get a large for only $3 more to see the size of it. 
The wings are amazing! Ordered the Xtra hot, which was really good. They're definitely hot though, so I wouldn't recommend them if you don't like wings too spicy. The meat on the wings was nice and tender and there was a good amount of meat on all the wings.Been here 3 times now. I was surprised to see so many negative reviews of Abner's. Sure, the grill master may not smile so much. Sure, the atmosphere is dated and a little grungy. But c'mon, we are talking about Philly cheesesteaks... Bread is solid, definitely not over-doughy like Tony Luke's (IMO). Meat is grilled to each order with your choice of toppings and cheese. My go-to is with grilled onions and American cheese. To date, I have yet to taste a cheesesteak as good as Dalessandro's, but hey, that's a bit of a trek and time investment. Until proven otherwise, I will gladly frequent Abner's as my late night quick spot over Jim's or Steve's any day.When I tell people that I'm temporarily living in Philadelphia, the two cheesesteak giants, Pat's and Geno (occasionally Jim's), usually get brought up. If you ask me, I can't taste the difference - enough to rank them at least. What I can tell you is that Abner's also make a solid cheesesteak. They are not widely acclaimed like the other sandwich honchos, but we don't have to only eat what the Food Network tells us, do we?As a Philly native I have to step in and give this place some kudos. Pat's and Geno's are for tourists and/or South Philadelphians. LoL. Abner's makes one heck of a chicken cheesesteak. I miss the guy that used to work the grill but the woman there now still does a good job. I can only speak on the chicken but my family likes the beef.We ordered two regular cheesesteaks to go.   Never had one before I guess it was good because everyone else say so. A little bit bland for me but you can add pepper and sauce. The onions in it made a blah.I loved Abners when I was a college student in Philadelphia.  I liked it better than Pat and Gino's because it was much greasier.  That's how a cheesesteak should be in my opinion because it goes down the throat easier that way.  I'm normally a slow eater, but I can inhale these cheesesteaks.I had a great meal here with my family. We had Philly Cheese steaks, and the Abner's special steak, Chicken parm over pasta and a burger. Everything was hot good and oh my goodness reasonably priced. I was shocked as to how reasonable. Great. I would go back and would recommend to a friend.Here you will find your standard Philly cheesesteaks. They prepare it pretty quick which i love because you don't have to wait long for it. They also, have a good variety of beers. The fries are amazing! There's nothing i like more than french fries with my cheesesteak and beer. 
Side note: i kind of wished the staff was a little bit nicer. It was a big group of us ordering from here and they were kind of annoyed.I hate to be a dissenting voice, but the cheesesteak at Abner's when I had it was soggy and the roll lacked that crispness that makes a great Philly samwich. I'll have to try it again, maybe it was just a bad day.This Vintage (e.g. Hasn't been updated in a while) pizza and cheesesteak place in University City is really good. I ordered my cheesesteak (yes I don't usually eat meat but decided to cheat today) and paid quickly. There is a lady whose sole job is to man the cheesesteak grill, and she asks you how you would like it (salt, pepper, type of cheese, mushrooms, onions, etc) and quickly makes it as you wait. In 3-4 minutes, I had an average-sized, sizzling hot, custom made sandwich. 
The roll is really good- legit. The meat was of good quality, and the amount of cheese, mushrooms, and onions in my steak was absolutely perfect. I've heard their fries are really good (and they smell great) but didn't try them on this visit. 
They support Penn and Drexel basketball, and if either scores 100+ points in a game, you get a free cheesesteak. 
This has the feel of a small, neighborhood hole in the wall that has been here since the 30s because of quality. The decor is dated, yes, but if you're going out for a slice or a cheesesteak, you probably aren't looking for a 5 star dining experience. 
I will definitely be back to try their pizza... And the next time that I cheat.Horrible service! Cashier and cook were not friendly. Both the meat and bread of my cheesesteak sandwich was cold and dry. I had Sonny's Famous Cheesesteaks yesterday and I should've taken the drive and gone today. This place doesn't  even come close!Where are these bad reviews coming from.  All of you Philly people are going to hate me after this review, but this is the second best cheesesteak I've had outside of Philly's Best in Chicago.  I lived in Philly for two years and I tried out the Cheesesteak diet, which didn't work as well as the Subway diet.  I loved this place!!! The meat was always fresh and the service was always great.  Pat's and Geno's are decent, but I would much rather have an Abner's steak with whiz any day over those.  If you are in Chicago give Philly's Best a try and let me know what you think of it.I like this place better than Geno's and Pat's. The cheesesteaks and the other sandwiches are worth the ride.I'll come here after a long drive from NY to Grab a bite for dinner. Some days i crave a cheesesteak, somedaysI crave two. 
Their portions are very generous. The cook looks at me like "why are you looking at me cook". He does an amazing job though. I love it. Other than the cheesesteaks, Ive had their chicken tenders and fries and those werent great at all. They were deep fried in old oil and made me feel like a chicken nugget after.For what it is, this place is good.  They don't claim to be the best cheesesteak spot in Philly or anything else silly or obnoxious, it's a decent place to grab a greasy lunch or dinner if you're hungover or want your occasional splurge meal.  The burgers are not that good and I don't like their fries, but the cheesesteak is decent and they have "cheez whiz", lots of meat and they give you sauteed onions if you want.  Th emenu is pretty extensive but I don't feel safe ordering anything else.  You see lots of Penn undergrads and security people come in here for a quick bite.  Plenty of tables and chairs and right next to a strip club, yay!Love this place, Wanda the main cook is great and probably the reason this is the best place around!Having just moved into my dorm, I headed over to Abner's with my dad and brother for my first cheesesteak in Philadelphia. The place was empty, and it kinda has a grimy feel about it. Our sandwiches were quickly assembled with meat that was already cooked and sitting on the flat top griddle. The self-serve condiments station had hot peppers, which was a nice touch. I ordered my cheesesteak with Provolone cheese and onions, and while it tasted fine, it was a bit on the oily and greasy side. Yeah, a cheesesteak is going to be a bit greasy, but the cheesesteak from Abner's left huge pools of oil - not very appetizing. Overall, Abner's is a decent choice for a cheesesteak fix if you are in the area, but it's not a place that I would go out of my way to get to.The two words that sums up my experience would be "rude service". The girls who worked here were unpleasant and it felt like you were bothering them by ordering anything and not to mention they were constantly gossiping. The lady making the cheese steaks also had the same attitude because once she was done making the cheese steak she just went out to where the customers were sitting to talk with some of her friends. The manager was the nicest person there but he was in the back for what seemed like forever. The actual cheese steak was blah for the seven bucks I paid; even the lunch carts at my school have better ones for a lot cheaper. The negatives of the cheese steak would have to be that they give you a tiny bit of cheese, dry meat, and the rolls aren't the freshest. The positives of the cheese steak would have to be that the fried onions on it were pretty decent. My sister got the chicken and she said it was pretty good and that's why I gave it two stars instead of one. Overall if you want a cheese steak do yourself a favor and find some other place to go unless you want a slightly less than mediocre overpriced sandwich and believe me I know good cheese steaks after living in Philadelphia for my whole life. Try Tony Luke's, Geno's, or Falone's  you'll be happy you did.The place is pretty old and showing its age but they do they 2 flat screens on the ceiling showing ESPN. They maintain it pretty well though. It's large enough to hold about 80 people.
I just got a cheese steak ($7.88 incl. tax) with onions and provolone. It was about 10-12" and the taste was good. It wasn't breathtaking but a cheese steak is a cheese steak. 
The service was the bad thing. The girl working the front was slightly rude and seems uninterested in working. The man I'm assuming is the owner was friendly though.
Overall, it's not a bad option if you really need to eat.Pretty decent cheesesteak at a good price. The cheesesteak is about a foot long and not something I can finish by myself (although I could if I wanted to). I can't believe people eat the entire thing @____@ . The meat was seasoned a bit, but could use more flavor. The bread could also be a bit more toasty!
We got the yellow canned cheese but I wish I got the sliced cheese instead.
Bathrooms are clean.A local friend of mine took us here for our first stop and I was more than pleased with the service, the casual but efficient feel, the quality of the chicken cheesesteaks (I've only had regular cheesesteaks before) and most of all, the availability of beer (and porter at that). Next time I'll try their regular cheesesteak.First time in Philadelphia and Abners was the closest cheesesteak place within walking distance. 
Being my first experience having a Philly cheesesteak it was great. 7.50 for a plain cheesesteak with onions and your choice of cheese. I think it's additional 70 cents for tomato, lettuce and sauce. I opted for provolone cheese and it was delicious. The bread was nice and soft and the steak itself was juicy and flavorful. Their condiment table also includes a bunch of free stuff like pickles and peppers so that was a nice bonus
The staff was courteous so overall I had a good experience. I would have gotten another one to go but that day it was raining like crazy so no sense waking back with drenched food. If I'm ever in the area I would gladly go again.Ordered delivery last night and got two cheesesteaks, one wiz wit and the other with provolone, and an order of fried shrimp with fries. Both steaks were extremely dry and bland. Not much cheese on either one. The fried shrimp still had the shells on the tails and were just ok. All in all, wouldn't order from here again. This was my first real philly cheesesteak in Philadelphia and I had much higher hopes to say the least.Parking, seating, reasonable prices.  Great food.  Would come back again.  No air conditioning hat I could tell, but the food is worth the heat.Abner's was right around the corner from my apartment my second year of college. So I ate here about once every three months. 
The steaks were good some days, not so great others. It depended a lot on who was making them. Some of the workers were sketchy, as was the manager (that interaction marked my last visit). I remember the steaks being a bit watery, ew.Will definitely go back to Abners after enjoying my first real Philly cheesesteak.  The portions were generous even though I housed the whole sub in seconds, it was that good.  Looking forward to trying other items on the menu in the near future.  Even though I got the order to go, the inside of Abners was very clean and the cashier was extremely quick and efficient.  Also would recommend the online ordering as the order was ready to go right as I got there to pick it up, no wait needed.Excellent cheesesteak!  Made in front of you to order, very good bread with the right amount of chew.  They are a generous size, even so, you can't atop eating them. 
There is a little friction around the flow of ordering and paying (you tell the chef how you want your sandwich, then you tell the cashier what you just told the chef, she confirms it with him, sometimes there are follow up questions which affect the price and have to be communicated back to the chef, along with sorting out who is in the party paying together, etc).  Fortunately when I went it was not very busy because as a first-time customer I had trouble knowing how to order.  And I could tell I was not the only one. Still the service was brisk and friendly. 
The hoagie was a disappointment, there were no hots, no mustard or mayo or italian dressing and I don't know what the cheese was but it was very bland. They have pickles and pickled peppers at the condiment bar but that didn't improve it for me. Stick with the cheesesteak sandwich.  And the lovely crispy crinkle fries!
They have beer as well as some bottled sodas and pepsi fountain drinks including unsweetened tea. 
The ambiance is a little sad. I feel like I was at this shop when I was in philly many years ago and there was a line around the wall to the door...this time it was kind of empty. Maybe the decor could be more welcoming?  Lots of hard surfaces...Still it is a cheesesteak I am here for--it doesn't need to be fancy!Ordered delivery yesterday, and it took quite a while. Yelp24 estimated it at 45-60 minutes, it arrived 75 minutes later. Order was for mozzarella sticks, wings, turkey sandwich and buffalo chicken cheesesteak. Mozzies were good. The wings were okay, a little bit low quality in my opinion and the sauce was only OK
The turkey sandwich was pretty massive, quality was OK. the buffalo chix cheesesteak was good.
Overall an OK spot, but nothing too special. I've had better experiences at some of my other go-to delivery spots.It's always a hit or miss . They're hoagies are always fresh but they charge extra for some of the toppings. Some of the fried breaded foods are hard at times . But I love the jalapeño poppers.I needed a cheesesteak, a real cheesesteak. Everyone said "don't go to the 'big two'!". I had to find the perfect Philly cheesesteak. Thankfully someone suggested Abner's. Awesome, perfect and just what I was looking for!! I know why someone said that the best cheesesteaks come from Abner's!All around just average..  The cheesesteaks are on the smaller side.. The waffle fries were pretty good.An average neighborhood cheesesteak place, with an above average history and cool employees.
The steaks and hoagies at Abner's fall into that gray area, where they'll never compete for Best of Philly, but they're still better than Pat's. I really like the criss cut fries, which you may recognize from such fast food places as Chick Fil-A. I think that the criss cut fry is, in general, a much under-appreciated fry, and the crispiness of Abner's version earns big points over the competition. 
Abner's has a pretty extensive menu, too, for a cheesesteak place. I don't know how I feel about this. I usually like to see a place do a few dishes and do them very well. Unimpressive salads and dishes like mozzarella sticks and chicken nuggets (which, I'm pretty sure, come ready made in a big bag) certainly don't help the business's integrity.Wow - What a cheesesteak!
I met up with a friend near UPenn and we walked to Abner's for lunch. Just when I thought I had tried some of the best, I hadn't eaten here yet.
I thought the waffle fries are awesome too, especially when you cover them with WIZ!
Will be back soon, thanks Abners!This place was one of the first places I've tried for Philly cheesesteaks.
I wouldn't say it's bad, it was ok and it came with waffle fries for the meal which was decent.
However, I don't think I would be craving to come back here to eat another one of these in the near future.
It's great that it's near the campus so that anyone craving a cheesesteak can get some here since it's relatively cheap n affordable. But other than that, not a place I would be dying to try or go back to again.This place was great!  We considered Pat's and Geno's but decided to go a little more local, less tourist.  We did good!  The cheesesteaks were excellent.  Moist, cheesy, good bread, hot, and delicious.  But the waffle fries were the BEST FRIES I HAVE EVER HAD!  They were crunchy, hot, seasoned well and just plain GOOD.  We were there on a Sunday afternoon and the place was not crowded.  On our next trip to Philly, we will be eating there again.About $7 for the philly cheese steak. Greasy. Flavorful. Greasy. Pretty delicious but I have to knock a star down because of the pool of cheese and grease that collected on my plate.Grabbed some late night cheesesteaks with my people when we were in town for the Made in America Festival. The place was packed at 11:30pm on a Sunday, which is not a testament to how delicious the food is but rather, everyone's low standards at that time of night. Food was fine-- nothing to write home about. Service was lacking, but that is to be expected for a late night spot on a college campus.For the price, Abner's is good. It's not over-the-top awesome but it was a hot sandwich with meat and cheese. Prices are quite reasonable at less than $7 for about a foot-long sandwich. The turkey hoagie we shared was also good. The turkey was better than the turkey I had at the Jersey Mike's in Long Beach, for a random comparison. If I was staying longer in Philly I might give Abner's a second run.My friend and I came here for lunch. Abner's is great because there is parking . Although we have a Chevy suburban which was very difficult to park for such a tight lot. The service is average, but pleasant. Prices are very reasonable for what you get. I got a steak and whiz. I think they put too much whiz on but you can tell them less . I'd probably go for a provolone next time. The rolls are fresh and the steak portion is very generous. This is an old establishment but has an awesome atmosphere and locals. Overall, pretty good place.In the cheese steak debates of the 215, leave Abner's out. While this place, and their penchant for UPenn/Drexel mens & womens' basketball has kept it relevant, it's about the last place you want to get your grease.
I've always found their service to be mirrored after Pat's/Geno's, and yet there ISN'T a line likely to be behind you, so the rudeness is purely for aesthetics. Equally, the food is easily forgettable - provided you don't have a bad experience. The ambiance is crappy '80s Philly sports memorabilia,  blaring TVs with ESPN, and slippery floors and tables. 
I'd order off of a truck any day before wasting my time or cash here.HUGE SERVING SIZES
My Stromboli could have fed 3 people. The cheesesteaks are pretty big too. The food is good but not great. Pretty average.I've heard about this place but never had the opportunity to actually try them out today I did.  One friend raves about this plCe do I had very high expectations.
Friday afternoon maybe one in the afternoon and the place was empty.  That was suspect. 
I ordered a cheesesteak fried onions with provolone  the woman at the grille was friendly and attentive.  The roll was amoroso which is popular in philly and a good roll but I prefer some of the south jersey bakeries.
The sandwich was tasty but did not have a ton of steak on it and I thought it was very similar to Genos or pats which is not a bad thing but I don't consider them high on the cheesesteak list.  The sandwich was not greasy which was great.
They have a condiment bar with pickles and peppers which was rather good. I thought the price for lettuce and tomato added was outrageous and overall for the size of the sandwich it seemed pricey
Will I go back? If I'm in the neighborhood and need a place to stop sure but I would not make it a destination, there are far better places to patronize on both sides of the bridgeWalked in looking for something aside from a Cheese steak. Walked out with the best Italian Combo I've had in awhile. Made proper with oil, hot peppers, and vinegar instead of mayo. Great size, reasonable price.Best place to go for a Cheesesteak around UPenn!  On a quieter street near the campus, I was impressed with the the size of the sandwich (had a cheesesteak with onions and Whiz) and the meat had good flavor, and it had just the right amount of onions.  I took mine to go, and they did a very nice job of double wrapping it so it would stay hot in transport, and perhaps the best extra was that they also sell beer in singles or six packs...bonus!!  I didn't have time to dine in, but it looked as if it would be a great place for late night; lots of character and a relaxed atmosphere.  Excellent customer service, and I would definitely go back.For visitors I always recommend Jim's on South Street as the best cheesesteak, but for convenience and my boyfriend who comes to Philly to visit all the time, we opt for Abner's because it's so close and just as good (and also a bit cheaper).
Perfect cheesesteaks (gotta get it with whiz and onions) with just the right amount of filling and the waffle fries are good too!
Never too busy so you can always get it quick.Came here on my last day in Philly to try a cheesesteak! Just got a plain cheesesteak, no extras. It was a solid sandwich, but nothing special. Nevertheless, service was great, and it seems like it would be a great place to hang out with friends and watch a game.I dunno about any of the other reviews, but I've always had a good cheesesteak here. I remember going here when I was 15 or 16 and it was the cool thing, because we would get a beer with our cheesesteaks.This jawn shut down yo!
http://www.philly.com/philly/health/special_reports/clean-plates/20160708_Phila__eateries_shut_for_rodents__lack_of_food_safety_smarts.html?mobi=trueFirst time experience to taste the Philly Cheesesteaks. Actually, it's not bad. But what's the difference between other places?  Maybe I just expect too much for the well-known food.Extremely average cheesesteak. Pretty sad for Philadelphia standards. Would recommend avoiding if you want to find a high quality cheesesteak.Cheesesteak was solid - the fries and onion rings come frozen from a bag and are pretty generic. But man, that service was as apathetic as it gets. Apparently, you order your cheesesteak from the lady who makes them, but you pay the cashier, who stands about 5 feet away from the cook. Really? She can't pass on my order? That's what they did for phone orders. It also took a while to get any service - they knew I was there, but never even greeted me until about 8 minutes in even though there was only 1 other customer when we walked in. I wouldn't have minded waiting (after all, my sandwich was still being made), but this was just awkward. Star off for that and another star off for the sticky tables. The cheesesteak was good enough to lift this to a 2.5 star, so they'll get a rounded up 3 star review.This was truly a tasty experience! I called in my order as the Yelp app wouldn't allow an online order after 11pm despite the restaurant being open until 2am. Nevertheless, I called in my order and was given a time of 20 mins. I lived 10 blocks away so even with driving to pick up the order I paced out about 30 minutes. Once arriving, parking was a little tricky if you don't have someone to babysit the vehicle while you double park! Once inside since I wasn't asked my name during the order taking, I just repeated back my order at the register. Expecting my order to be ready and waiting after 40 minutes, I still needed to wait an additional 15 minuets for my order. BUT with all that said the food was absolutely FABULOUS!!!! The criss cross cut fries never made it back home as I ate  them driving! The cheesesteak hoagie I ordered was EPIC! My daughter order the classic cheesesteak with Whiz, she loved it! Paired with 2 grape sodas that tasted like they had just been manufactured, we were satisfied beyond belief!! I can only give 4 stars, because of the waiting and parking but hands down the taste was Supreme and well worth the cost!I have been in and out of Philly for a couple of weeks now and have eaten at several different places but have not had a single cheese steak. I am ashamed of myself that it took this long. Abner's was right down the street from where I was staying so it was very convenient to get to. 
Atmosphere: It was a cheese steak place, if you are expecting Le Bec Fin you probably wouldn't want a cheese steak anyway.
Selection: Exactly what you would expect, hoagies(it hurts me to say that), cheese steaks and pizza. They also have 50 cent wings that I did not try. Also, they have beer which is a nice addition to some wings and a couple of cheese steaks.
Service: Since this is not a full service restaurant I would not usually rate the service but I am because the service was exceptional and the employees were great.
Food: I got waffle fries, which were great, a cheese steak for me and a chicken cheese steak for the wife. My cheese steak was great, it is not the sliced steak many people are accustomed to but chopped steak. I got it with cheese whiz and onions. When I got it back to my place the roll was nice and soggy with the juice from the steak. My wife enjoyed her BBQ chicken cheese steak as well, although she does not appreciated the soggy roll as much as I do.
Overall: Great place and will return if in the area.Had to get a cheesesteak on a weekend trip to Philly....when in Rome right?
Abner's is a nice, no-fuss alternative to the packed tourist spots, where your food is made-to-order rather than rushed through a busy line a la Pat's or Geno's. Plus there's seating!
You also have the options of a calzone, chicken, pizza, etc. if you're not in the mood for whiz and onions.Abner's is right where it should be, in a collage town.
It's the kind of place that's not great, but good enough, and cheap enough. And, they have a menu fit for collage students.
I got a cheesesteak and it was what it should be. Greasy and tasty. It's no Pats or Ginos or Jimmy's, not what you think of when you think of a great Philly cheesesteak. It is, however, what you think of as a good cheesesteak in Anytown, USA.
So, if you want something quick, cheap, and good enough, check out Abner's, because it is just that.Maybe I'm not used to the taste of a cheese steak...
Don't judge me for this. I ain't Aretha Franklin, but I have to give RESPECT to any business that has been around for decades. That being said, I would have to go back a few more times to find something that will make me sing to the heavens. From what I read from the internet (I solemnly believe everything I read) this place does a bang up job with a philly cheese (hands down) of course I had to find out if the stories were true so off we went. 
The staff is great, they are wonderful, fun, and generous. The building has a charm to it that includes wooden benches, and pictures along the back wall boasting the history through black and whites.. I honestly had the most fun ordering my food, as I didn't realize cheese wiz may be the secret ingredient.
Taking the first bite, I imagined something more moist and flavorful. The beef was literally just that, it didn't have too much flavor so I added salt and pepper.. then pickles...banana pepper... hot peppers, and finally ranch and ketchup. *still no judging!* 
I know (in my heart of hearts) this is a really great sandwich, personally I can't get down with dry beef ;) 
However, you don't have years and years of clientele that are exactly alike, and still manage to remain consistent with what you serve. People change, but here the products do not and that in itself is amazing. Abner's leaves me feeling like there is something for everyone! 
What more is there to truly ask for in the city of Brotherly Love...This place is awful! Worst cheesesteak I have ever head. I ordered a cheesesteak and boy it was just thrown together. The cheese wasn't melted, my steak was cold and they slopped a ton of ketchup on top! Yuck yuck yuckOk so here's my 12th review... and I'm writing reviews so people like me (who enjoy good food, good atmosphere, good times, and a good bargain- on occasion) can find reliable reviews for the hot and not so hot places around Philadelphia.  All that said lets start the review.
I had Abner's cheesesteak for the 1st time last night.  I passed on some of the other cheesesteak kings in Philly (Geno's, Pats..) deciding that convience was my top priority.
I ordered in person for takeout and although the place was packed and there was a line it moved really quickly.  That's a plus!
The staff was friendly and the hangout was clean.  Plus!
The food was average and nothing stood out as being anything more than standard.  I got a cheesesteak (whiz and fried mushrooms and onions) and waffle fries with a side of whiz.  Many yelp reviewers rave about the waffle fries but they were alright and nothing special.
I'd probably return when in a crunch and just looking to get something that's good and quick but I don't hold the place up there in the ranks of some other good, quick sandwich shops.So, Abner's is a cheesesteak place tucked convenently near Penn and Drexel in University City in west Philadelphia. So you would automatically think it's a place that caters to tourists and college kids who don't know a good cheesesteak from something they get at some south philly tourist trap. 
But you would be wrong. Abner's offers some of the best cheesesteaks outside of roxborough. 
Their menu offers things other than cheesesteaks, but that's not going to be relevant here. If you are one of those people people who orders a salad at a cheesesteak place, shut up. This review is not for you. Go show off your sense of faux superiority elsewhere. 
A bit about cheesesteak theory: a cheesesteak is often defined by what it is not. Here, they are not greasy, they don't skimp, and they don't overcharge. 
The sandwiches at Abner's are quality. Both the meat and the roll. The meat isn't dry, and they cook each sandwich individually. And that shows up in the end product. Toppings are to order, and the final sandwich is always consistent. The rolls are soft, and they are able to contain the meat, so you don't have a sloppy experience. 
You should try Abner's. The experience is worth it.