Try the falafel wrap! The falafel is baked, which is way better than fried. The sandwich is spicy, especially with the orange sauce. And a handful! Grab a few extra napkins. Don't forget a couple bottles of tea. I had the mint and a green blend. Fabulous!I had to choose between this place and another place and honestly only chose this one because of the design and atmosphere. Once I ordered and ate my food I was ECSTATIC with the choice. Delicious, fresh and fulfilling food. Happy I stumbled into this place and will definitely be back and recommend to my vegan and non-vegan friends :)We came near 8pm and they were out of all bases except salad, but the server was generous with the other ingredients. Flavors are great, but I think there were little bone pieces in the steak, so be careful.I've been here twice and have gotten a bowl with rice at the bottom and various veggies on top (cabbage, mixed veggies, artichokes, etc) and it was delicious, best Mediterranean food I've had. Filling option for vegetarians too!My star scale for this place (which at one point would have been an easy 4) has consistently gone done with the frequency of my eating there (it's just too close to work and too fast to ignore). Don't get me wrong, I've enjoyed pretty much everything that I've ever gotten there, with the exception of the lamb meatballs, which were so-so at best, but that's the problem.. this place lacks any semblance of variety and it only takes a few meals there to have already exhausted the options. (note: I refuse to get Falafel from this restaurant with Mama's Vegetarian being only a few blocks away, so I have limited myself in that regard.) All that said, the food quality is consistently tasty. My biggest issues with this place are simple... YOU PAY TOO MUCH FOR WHAT YOU GET. It seems the portion size continues to shrink and the cost isn't going down, so if you are in anyway looking to get some bang for your buck, this is absolutely NOT the place for you. If you are the type of person who overpays to be hungry again in an hour and a half, by all means take up residence in this place...
In summation, I'd suggest eating there ONCE, then move on.Really cool little create-your-own healthy food joint. I'm glad I tried - I'll be back!Agno Grill is AMAZING!  I like to come here as often as I can for a delicious, fresh, healthy, and filling meal.
My go-to is the salad base.  I usually get either chicken or steak as my protein.  However, ever so often I will get any of the other choices to mix things up.  The steak is probably my favorite!  Super flavorful and tender!  The chicken is right up there with the steak, fresh, flavorful and never dry.  Absolutely delicious!!  
My toppings vary, I love the minted carrots, roasted cauliflower, and pickled beets.  I will usually get one of those three as my big topping and then get feta cheese and olives to go with it.
Finally the sauces.  I really enjoy the spicy harissa and lemon tahini or the tzatziki.  The harisa has a kick and the tahini or tzatziki cools everything down.  They compliment each other perfectly! I like to switch between the tahini and the tzatziki to change up flavor.  Every so often I will also go for the hummus or the balsamic, both are also awesome.  I have yet to try the others, but I am sure I will soon, this place is certainly becoming a staple in my life!
I have personally found that I get  a lot of food for my money and I almost always end up saving some of my salad for my next meal.  I find that I get more than enough.  Plus the ingredients are so fresh and high quality, I do not mind the cost. I hope to try a wrap or bowl soon, I just cant get enough of the salads!I used to come here often because of the big bowls of black rice or salad combos. The servings were generous and heaping, and always allowed me to save a little bit for the next day. I haven't been there in a few months and tonight, I ordered the same dish and was disappointed at the dramatic change in serving sizes. The bowls are gone and have been replaced by rectangular boxes that were at best, half full. Maybe it was the server, but my friend and I compared our meals to the posted pictures on Yelp from previous entries--it was not our hungry imagination. The food itself was the same in quality, but the portions have noticeably decreased, and each entree felt more of an appetizer than a full meal.Ask the staff for the right combination of fillings - they can be quite tasty!Agno Grill is a nice fast-casual restaurant with fresh healthly food selections.  Tonight, I ordered a platter with rice, felafel, cauliflower and carrots.  While the felafel wasn't the best I've ever had, the entire plate was quite flavorful and nice.  I tried the lemon sauce and the the tahini sauce, and I enjoyed both of them.   
It is a BYOB and it is open until 10PM, so it is a great spot for cheap, healthy, nice meal, even when you want a drink!  
The staff were inconsistently friendly.  When we were first ordering, the lady who took our order and made our meals was very nice and knowledgeable about what flavors went well together.  However, one person in our party was served a very soggy pita, and when she went to inquire about the poor quality, a second lady gave her a bit of an attitude before making her another, more fresh, pita.  
Overall, we enjoyed our meal, and we'll be back!LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!!! The portions could be a little bigger for the prices of some options but luckily I don't need huge portions to be happy. The food is delicious, very flavorful, well seasoned and temperature appropriate. I dream of the radicchio--mmmm! I have been telling all my coworkers to go eat here and each one loves it just as much as I do. It gets busy during lunch but the line moves quickly as they have several people behind the counter helping put together your order.
P.S. Sesame tahini cookies at register are tasty!I love this place. It's like a make your own salad place, but instead of a thousand options of basically interchangeable raw salad ingredients, there is a careful selection of much more hearty and better prepared toppings. Top quality ingredients, very fast and nice service. 
My only qualms are: (1) their drink selection. They only have organic juices. Get sodas and waters like everyone else---although they will give you a cup or water for free which is a nice touch. (2) Their regular prices are a little high. You can currently get a 10% discount every day with the Spotluck app (don't need to spin for it, it's always available). With a 10% discount, I think Agno is a a very solid, good value.I have a lot of mixed feelings about Agno, and I really wish I could give it 3.5 stars.  I've been here tons of times, and I'll certainly keep going back, but there are definitely places where Agno misses the mark.
As others have said, the great things about Agno are that it's fast, convenient, healthy, and has a wide variety of options.  It's a Chipotle-style restaurant where you select a base (bowl, wrap, salad), a protein, a couple add-ons, and a sauce.  I always get the falafel, and my favorite add-ons are the mint carrots, roasted cauliflower, and garlic kale.  The falafel is baked, so it's healthier than normal falafel but not as tasty.  It's crumbly and a little mushy rather than crispy, but it's not bad.  Overall it's a really nice, balanced meal that you feel good about eating.  It's quick and easy to get to go, but also a pretty nice space to stay and eat in.
Now for the bad.  First, and most important, is the taste:  basically, it's just okay.  All of the add-on options are pretty good, but no single thing is stellar.  It's all a bit bland.  As a couple other reviewers have noted, I think the portion sizes have recently shrunk significantly (or perhaps they're just inconsistent).  Finally, a couple times I've tried to go only to find that they were closed, despite their online hours saying they're open.  I wish I remembered the details so I could correct it, but I think the hours listed on Yelp are incorrect.  
I love Agno as a concept, but wish it was a bit better executed!Agno Grill in Philadelphia Pa is a Mediterranean restaurant that allows you to create your own bowl using a mix of bases proteins, toppings, and dressings. Everything is gluten free. There are a lot of options for how you can customize your meal to your liking, so there will be something for everyone. See more at http://www.foodtestnetwork.com/gluten_free_restaurants_storesprices don't add up to the amount of food...also thought the falafel would be warm, not refrigerator temperatureI got a bowl with chicken, chickpeas and spinach, roasted cauliflower, feta cheese, and tzatziki sauce based on reading other Yelp reviews. All in all, it was an okay meal. It tasted a bit too bland for my liking and I think the employees are too skimpy with the sauces. Nothing great though the menu and what I'd heard about the place through Yelp reviews and other friends had my expectations set a little high. 
I think Agno would be great for vegetarians who can pick and choose from a variety of fresh ingredients. Personally, I left feeling a bit unsatisfied and still hungry so I don't think I'll be coming back at all.My husband and I are huge fans of Agno Grill!  We get take out from there at least once a week, sometimes 2 or more.  Everything is always fresh and delicious and service is usually very fast & friendly.  Their tzatziki and lemon oregano dressings are unbelievable.  
If you like Mediterranean food, this place is a must try!!!I'm a big fan of Cava so I came here hoping it was similar and it is. Same concept and set up where you can order your own bowl/salad/wrap. All priced around $10 too. The ingredients were all very healthy. My only suggestion would be for the owner to not charge extra for things like extra quinoa or extra sauce because those components of the meal are inexpensive for the business, but can go a long way in making sure the customer is full and satisfied. The bowl I got was very good though. I'll be back and would recommend to other Cava fans as a good substituteVery solid make-your-own bowl cafe with a good selection of toppings as well a a black rice base option.  I really liked the roasted beets, roasted cauliflower, and sauteed greens toppings, which is a nice change from the typical raw vegetables.  The chickpea salad and chicken are great as well.  You definitely get bigger toppings portions here than at sweetgreens, and I personally think that they are more flavorful here.  You get 3 toppings and a protein, as well as a sauce.  Try the lemon tahini sauce!  Most entrees will be about $10, depending on your protein selection and if you get additional toppings (each will cost you $.75).  Service is great and I actually like the wooden bench seating, which gives it a semi-hipster vibe.Delicious, fresh & healthy food! Everything in their store is gluten-free, which includes the pita chips, wraps & cookies! It's pretty self explanatory, choose a base (black rice, spinach salad or wrap), choose a 'protein' (grilled veggies, chicken, steak, falafel or tuna),  choose up to three toppings & two sauces. I actually had four toppings, which was $.75 additional (no biggie). I chose black rice, falafel, beets, cauliflower, feta & cucumber/tomato salad, with tzatziki & lemon tahini sauces (plus a side of hummus & pita chips). I'm not one to usually go for healthy & gluten-free, but I'm really glad I came here. Everything I ate was delicious!
My only 'negative' comment is I'm disappointed in their lack of a drink selection. They have a variety of unsweetened iced teas & lemonade, and the menu says they sell homemade sodas, however I didn't see any in the drink cooler behind the counter, nor was I offered any when asking about drinks. Not sure if they just were sold out of their sodas, or were trying to sell their iced teas. Although they did have a water cooler with small cups (for free water) on the window counter by the entrance.
Overall, a great place for lunch & I will definitely be back (just maybe with my own beverage to drink)!After this place opened up nearby, I was really excited to try it out and upon hearing the reviews I just had to go there for lunch.  I started with the salad.  I picked the spinage (you can get spinage, black rice, or wrap).  Then you pick a protein, I added the falafel.  For my toppings I got the olives, white beans, and roasted cauliflower.  For the dressings I got balsamic and then lemon tahini on top of the falafel.
Boy was I was pleasantly surprised on the quality of the food. It was excellent!  All the ingrediants tasted extremely fresh and all the flavors worked well together.  It was not spicy at all and I thought each topping on it's own were very appetizing.  I will definitely be going back! Pricing is average - I paid $8 for my salad.Love the healthy options and a great alternative to other healthy fast-casual chains if you get tired of them (aka Sweetgreen, Honeygrow, etc). The ingredients are high-quality and healthy, and the sauces are unique, tasty, and light. 
I chose "Create Your Own Bowl" with salmon, minted carrots, chickpeas & spinach, pickled beets and lemon tahini sauce. Very healthy and wholesome, but my only complaint is that even with the sauce it was a bit bland. Maybe deliberate to be light on the salt? Anyways I did takeout via Grubhub and ended up adding a lot of my own sriracha to flavor/spice it up a bit, and I have a pretty tame flavor/salt threshold - not a big deal though. 
I would definitely go more often, but as with other healthy fast-casual places, this will be a bit on the pricey side. I do like that compared to a salad from Sweetgreen for example, it's slightly cheaper and more satisfying.This place is my new 'go to' low carb lunch option!.  I've gone twice and both times got the salad and falafel ($8) as a base (i love that the falafel is baked - for fried falafel in the same area there's no place like Mama's) and the food was really fresh.  With the 3 sides (highly recommend roasted carrots and the quinoa), I find it to be a very filling lunch.  As for the 2 sauces you're allowed, I love the lemon tahini sauce as a salad dressing, which I got both times, once with the eggplant (great dipper for the falafel) the other time with hummus (used that as a spread for an afternoon snack with some pretzels i had at work).  HIghly recommend this very fast and filling lunch spot.We went to Agno Grill because the entire restaurant is gluten free and they are vegan friendly.  
We were totally underwhelmed by this restaurant. The food is rather tasteless, and the portions small for what you pay.  My teenage son added two extra toppings and one extra protein to his order and was still hungry. Once you add all those extras, his meal was ridiculously expensive.  
Their falafel fell apart and were tasteless.  This was the most disappointing part of eating here because I love falafel and so few restaurants make them gluten free.  
We ended up spending far too much money on a very pedestrian meal.This place was disappointing. The place itself is nice and clean but the food lacks flavor. Basically, its boring. Very boring.  Also the pita chips and hummus is a ripoff. You get the tiniest bag of pita chips for $4! It probably only had 5 chips in it. And the hummus wasn't that good.  Personally I like my healthy meals to have some flavor and this place doesn't. Sorry Agno....So I had just had my first Agno Grill experience for lunch today and it certainly did not disappoint! My boss had walked into the office earlier today with a visually pleasing, fresh strawberry lemonade. I was intrigued and had asked where he had gotten it from and it was from Agno. Once I had mentioned that I didn't even know what that was, he was appalled and claimed it was "right up my alley", so I decided to give it a try! Upon entering, I was blown away by the interior decor and overall ambiance. How did I not know this was here!? I took some time to look over the menu and everything looked great to me. The super polite gentleman behind the counter had asked if I had been here before and suggested that I try the special which was a lamb meatball Greek wrap. The thought of the wrap scared me for a second because I had noticed that it was gluten free. I am not gluten intolerant by any means and honestly feel my experiences with gluten free products have been pretty disappointing, but I decided to go with the wrap regardless. The guy helping me did mention that because it's more fragile than most other wraps, to make sure I eat it wrapped up and peel back the paper as needed. Thank goodness he warned me! Once I got back to the office, I dove right in and it was incredibly delicious. The ingredients were SO fresh and everything was so flavorful. The wrap itself was even great! I had also gotten a fresh strawberry lemonade and it was awesome. I wish I could've gotten a larger size! I will definitely be working Agno into my lunchtime weekly rotation.GLUTARDS UNITE! At Agno. I somehow ended up here without even realizing that everything was gluten free. We got take out and my girlfriend got the wrap, and I watched her jealously as she ate it until she told me it somehow wasn't made of bread which I didn't believe until I did some research online. Wtf. It's true. Their wraps are gluten free. This place is kind of heaven, and I think even people without kinky eating restrictions would probably love it too. Very delicious.Just delicious and perfect for healthy and/or veggie of that's what you're into (don't worry, if it's not they have chicken and beef too!). 
This place reminds me of a local healthy veggie style chipotle, sans Mexican. 
There's a counter where you order, you can have a bowl or a wrap and you are able to add all the fixins of your choice plus delicious dressings to top it off! The bowls are about $8 and is a very filling lunch or a light dinner. 
Love trying all the different combos here!I love the build your entree design.  Fresh and tasty choices, great selections, and green packaging.  I did the black rice, chicken, quinoa, cucumber and tomato salad, and the roasted carrots.  I will definitely be returning!Thank you Agno Grill, for labeling the menu items as dairy-containing or not. I'm lactose-intolerant but not vegan, and love how I can choose from an array of veggies, meats, and dressings and not worry about a thing. Think of Agno as the Chipotle for all the vegan, gluten-intolerant, and lactose-intolerant foodies! Even if you don't have dietary restrictions, you won't even miss gluten or dairy after a bite of their lamb meatballs or quinoa tabouli. :)My wife and I went to sparsely populated Agno late on Saturday night around 9pm.  It has a nice atmosphere - I don't know why people were not eating there.   I ordered the suggested gluten free falafel wrap and my ordered the suggested meat plate option.  Everything had a tasty strong flavor.  I especially enjoyed the beets and cauliflower.  Agno's falafel is not as good as some food trucks (which I think 16th and JFK makes the best in the city), but I'm sure it was probably healthier.  I was grateful they had a cold herbal ice tea without caffeine.  I found the staff more than helpful.  Also, I tried the baklava and it has a twist.  It's made on shortbread with plenty of pistachio power!  You can taste the nuts - yum!  It's worth the $3 for it's interesting twist on traditional baklava.Grabbed takeout here last week and was super impressed. It's gluten free heaven with incredible options and amazingly friendly staff. Can get a bit pricey depending on how much you put into your bowl but other than that, the ingredients are so fresh and the salads are very unique. Love this place.I got a salad and just didn't find the food worth the price. It was a lovely salad topped with quinoa, cauliflower, carrots and lemon tahini. However, the portion size was so small I was starving after and had to make myself a second lunch. Each topping that you get is a small spoonful. With a price tag of $10, it just doesn't seem worth it.FINALLY! FINALLY! FINALLY Philly has another healthy restaurant - I think I could count them all on one hand (as long as you don't consider Whole Foods a restaurant - I think that tips the scale ;).  I've been there three times in the last ten days and anticipate many many more delicious dining experiences.  The food is delicious, uses top quality, hormone/antibiotic free meats and organic veggies.  I really like the collard greens wrap with grilled steak.  The set up is amazing- choose your base, choose your protein, choose your "filling," choose your sauce - and voila!  Mediterranean gluten-free goodness!!!  My only suggestion to improve... maybe offer more vegetarian options??? I'm a meat eater myself but in consideration of my veggie-friends, I think it would be amazing if they offered seitan, tempeh, or tofu - current offerings are "veggies" or falafel.  Just sayin'....Solid, healthy, well seasoned Mediterranean favorites.  Don't love the pasty gluten-free wrap, but if you have an allergy I'm sure it will substitute sufficiently for you. Lovely tender steak, perfect fluffy falafel, great veggies, nice daily changing menu of category additions.  Quick and easy.  Wish there were a couple more options, both for the base and for the veggies... Like a potato hash or onion marmalade or fried Brussels sprouts something?  Can see it getting boring... But upped rating to four rather than three stars because to trust you're getting organic veggies or meats these days it is difficult, and I applaud Agno for sticking to their morals.REALLY friendly staff and interacted with 3 of them. Made me feel very special and valued while being patient as I asked for recommendations.  I had the chicken with black rice bowl/roasted cauliflower/feta/beets, and very tasty. Definitely go backA decently priced, decently tasty, and decently healthy option. Chipotle of Greek/Mediterranean food. Most things were dry, which is why it gets 3 instead of 4.Me (have no groceries and wanted to go out for lunch with my gluten free friend):Want to go to Agno for lunch? I ate too much this weekend/last night and need to feel healthy. Friend: What's that? Me: Basically healthy, Mediterranean Chipotle. 
Well, now we can only ever go here now for lunch because she's basically obsessed with it. Sidenote: I still don't know how to pronounce the name of this place: Ag-no, or An-yo?
I've been here a bunch of times for lunch and although it's a little on the pricey side, I've decided there's really nowhere I will feel satisfied for under $9 in a 4 block radius from my office, so I may as well eat something healthy and delicious.
Every time I come here I have a mini panic attack because I want everything, so here's your guide to my favorites:
BASE: Spinach, black rice, the wrap. I usually go for the spinach.
PROTEIN: I like the baked falafel, I had the lamb meatballs and thought they were a bit dry, the meat is not the standout for me.
TOPPINGS: Big fan of the beets, the quinoa tabbouli, cucumber tomato salad, and the artichokes, which they often have as a special. These for me are the best part.
SAUCE: I usually go for the tzatziki or lemon tahini, sometimes switch it up with the hummus. Second best part.
The pita chips are really great too if you feel like cheating a little!
They have limited drink offerings but you can ask for water, which they'll give you in a tiny cup. They take credit card (via ipad thingy) and I usually get my receipt emailed. Seating is casual, some large tables, some spots by the window, and some outdoor seating. It can get pretty crowded around lunch time.
RECAP: Overall a solid 3.5 lunch spot, and I know I'll be coming more in the summer. Just wish it was a touch cheaper. I do like that they have the nutrition facts on their website.A little pricey to hit up as a daily lunch option, but otherwise great. One of the few healthy AND tasty lunch options in the area - fresh ingredients, and good variety (except for the times they don't have a seasonal item). I wish they had some type of loyalty program, because I'd definitely go more often if every 10th meal were free or something.Fresh, fast, healthy, and delicious! Like the Chipotle of Mediterranean, but much, much better.Why even bother eating here? Other than the fact that it is"healthy." The food is bland at best. The portions are not great. I work 1 block away and wish it was worth going here... But I say skip it.Solid place to grab some quick and quality vegetarian food and enjoy it in a pleasant environment. I chose spinach as my base with falafel, three veggie sides (including DELICIOUS braised radicchio) and two sauces. The woman helping me was super knowledgeable and friendly and recommended the date/chocolate treat for dessert that was spectacular. I will definitely come back here!I can't hear you!  Fresh items - that's better than so many other places.   What did you say?  Good choices, wait - say that again.  Nice drink options; but it's too damn loud.  Music playing was fine - but there was so much reverb from the bass, it was ruinedI  had a falafel bowl from Agno a week ago and it was overall pretty good. I really enjoyed the carrots - they were by far my favorite. The black rice was excellent. The tabbouleh was eh for me as were the chickpeas. As for the falafel, it just wasn't for me. I know the idea is that it isn't fried to keep it healthy which I totally get but I just felt it was too dry. I could only enjoy it if I was taking a sip of my drink at the same time. I will obviously stay away from the falafel in the future. 
Hope to have better luck with the chicken or beef!Agno Grill is delicious.  I enjoy their fresh, tasty, healthy fare.  However, it is quite pricey for the portions they serve.  More than once, they served just a tablespoon or two of rice in a bowl.  When I asked for some more, they said they'd have to charge (even)  more.  I understand the ingredients are high quality, but the portions are still much too small.  Otherwise, a great experience each time I have gone.Like other reviewers have mentioned, Agno Grill is a basically a mediterranean Chipotle.  Choose your vehicle, choose your protein, then pick some veggies and sauces and you have just created a healthy, delicious blend of flavors and textures.  The quantity could use a little boost, but the price is fair.This place is a must go for the healthy food hunter in this food filled city. It's following the wave of the future of serving fresh food both fresh and healthy by having a "chiptole" type set up of ordering, except with Mediterranean food instead. My bowl consisted of black rice, chicken, and cauliflower, spinach and chickpea blend, feta cheese with tzatziki sauce. If anything, I would have gotten the wrap which is made from brown rice along with the spicy sauce. The wrap had the perfect amount of chew and blended well with the rest of the wrap. For all you veggie head, the falafel is pretty awesome here and is a must try. The restaurant also had this warm environment with wooden tables and the right lighting that made eating here very enjoyable. This is a must have if you're looking for that healthy Mediterranean fill.Great addition to the restaurant scene in this area. I usually get the black rice with chicken and/or felafel, cucumber tomato salad, quinoa, chick peas, lemon pesto sauce and spicy harissa sauce. Fresh ingredients and very tasty. 
Agno should consider increasing portion sizes, I'm alway still hungry after a meal.Like Pure Fare, this restaurant offers excellent ingredients with rather lackluster preparation.  Think Subway with legitimate ingredients.
Great if you don't mind overpaying for delicious but poorly constructed wraps.  If you're the type to be annoyed by a 20 dollar tab for a salad and wrap full of veggies, then look elsewhere.I was at an event that had catering from Agno Grill. 
In general, the food was solid, clean, whole food. The spread looked good and healthy, though it was mostly rather bland. On average, food was not bad but not great, about 3 stars.
Here are ratings for individual items. I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars.
**** chickpeas with sauce: quite tasty, nice comfort food
**** kale with garlic: very nice, this was a fave
*** grilled zucchini: bland but texture was fine
*** black rice: fine 
**^ cauliflower: bland, a bit undercooked 
**^ couscous salad: just okay
** grilled chicken: overcooked, bland, not flavourful 
* grilled carrots: very undercooked, too raw to go well with the rest of the dinner
There were also tahini and harissa sauces, which weren't flavourful enough to overcome the food's blandness.If only Agno's environmental practices matched up to the quality of the food they serve. I ate a delicious salad out of a compostable dish (but there was nowhere to compost it afterwards), was given two dressing containers (both plastic), served water out of a small plastic dixie cup, not mention the plastic utensils. After I ate everything I had no choice but to throw it all away, just like the countless people whom I watched do the same.  Just container after container discarded as people walked out the door. Agno would be much better served if they provided eat-in customers with proper glassware. The amount of plastic and waste generated from Agno is truly maddening and does not seem to coincide with a 'healthy eating' perspective.Seamless here is fast.  Perfect lunch portion. Great food.  -1 star for C rating on 3/9/2016 Food Facility Inspection Report.  -1 star for charging for tap water.The staff are extremely friendly and helpful.  I am a regular, and have yet to be disappointed by the quality or consistency of the food.  I typically get a salad with either falafel or veggies and varied toppings; everything is consistently fresh, with a solid set of healthy Mediterranean options and particularly fantastic sauces.I freaking love this place so yummy! I had a grilled chicken, pickled beets, cucumbers and onions and roasted cauliflower in the super soft wrap. I love he concept but wonder at times the calories... But who cares when the food taste healthy and filling. Also I love the space and it's byob! 
I can see myself coming here after work and yoga! My new fav spot!Any place that offers incredibly healthy food that still tastes great gets five full stars in my book. Bravo!While living in temp housing for 30 days, my dining options are take-out or frozen dinners. I am a little tired of the microwave and was in search of a salad on a Saturday evening. I came across Agno on Yelp and based on the reviews, I walked over there. It did not disappoint. The only disappointing thing was that I eventually finished the salad and would have wanted a second one. Staff was friendly, they would tell it was my first time, they were helpful and the food was delicious. 
Would easily go back while I live in the city and would probably make a special trip from the 'burbs.Ordered a spinach bowl with falafel, tomato cucumber salad, spinach and chickpeas and quinoa tabouli with balsamic dressing. I also ordered the pita and hummus and an "Arnold Palmer". I wanted to like this place, honest. However, the extremely long delivery time (over an hour on a Sunday at 3pm) was just the beginning of my disappointment. What I can say is that the vegetables were fresh and the bowl I think was a very good size despite other reviewer complaints. The "Arnold Palmer" was not actually Arnold Palmer, it was some kind of housemade version I guess? Tasty but extremely small and not worth the $2.75. The hummus was good but a little spicy, the pita chips were chewy which wasn't great. The baked falafel didn't do it for me: Extremely dry, oddly spicy, mostly unpleasant. The salad was extremely over seasoned. They all, including the bed of spinach, were extremely overrun with herbs. What's worse is I couldn't even pinpoint what I was tasting. Some kind of mint tarragon mix? Not sure but it was overpowering and made my food inedible. Even the balsamic dressing wasn't even to mask the taste. So, in conclusion, I like what agno is trying to do but I think they fall short. The food, despite being fresh, is subpar at best. I wish I could get my $20 back.Yummy! I love mediterranean food and this place is like the chipolte for mediterranean style bowls/wraps.  I got a bowl with lamb meatballs, roasted cauliflower, black rice, beets, and chickpeas with spicy harissa and lemon tahini. I also tried a sample of the carrots (with fresh mint) which were flavorful and intersting but not really my speed for lunch.  The sauces were delish.
My bowl was fresh and wonderful.  However, for the price of the lamb meatballs- I felt the portion size was a bit small (only three small balls per order). 
I'd go back but this place didnt leave me begging for more.A small neighborhood joint perfect for a quick healthy meal and a great place to grab food on the go. 
I like the customization options available here. Think Chipotle except healthy and with far more vegetarian options. Choose a base of spinach, rice or wrap and add to it your choice of meats, veggies, other toppings and sauces.
I went for a spinach salad with grilled veggies and roasted eggplant and hummus as the "sauces". It was definitely a gourmet salad at only half the price!
However, since I don't get full off salads, I didn't leave with my stomach feeling fully satisfied, so 3 stars for now until I get a chance to try the other options!So reasonably priced and so delicious for what it is. I'll never love healthy mediterranean food, but this place is definitely as good as it gets. Great staff, such fast service, and you really get to build your own meal, which I love. Very consistent and very delicious.It's wedding week and we needed fast and healthy take-out. Agno is a few blocks away from my barre studio, so I headed on over after class. Got two black rice bowls, one with chicken and one with falafel. Overall, they were pretty good. I wasn't super impressed by the black rice - I thought it'd be more flavorful than it was. The chicken was also disappointing...just wasn't great. But the falafel was delicious (spicy though, which was great for me but not spice haters). The sauces were tasty, but the containers super small (much smaller than the photos on Yelp) so I would've liked more sauce. The ingredients were all very fresh. I paid $20 for two bowls, so it's not terribly pricey, but a bit more expensive than that I'd pay for lunch. It's nice to have a healthy, quick spot with lots of options! And the eating space was really cool, if you want to dine-in!Very tasty and healthy place. I had a wrap the other day and feel satisfied. It will be awesome if they have whole wheat wrap. I will try salad next timeA gluten free diner's paradise! They serve tasty, fresh, seasonal dishes that are 100% gluten free. I can't get enough of their wrap. Kudos to them for making it easy to find a quick, delicious healthy meal. I visit whenever I'm in Philly.I love that this place is a Mediterranean version of chipotle! It's so tasty and had a variety of customizable options, but its also incredibly healthy! Everything is organic and made fresh daily and in house. Expensive when compared to fast food, but cheap when you realize what you pay for, real honest organic ingredients. The portions are big too, I could barely finish a bowl!Went here last night and ughhhh.  So I walk-in and the place has 1 other customer who is being helped.  So I am waiting.  A woman walks out from back and just stands behind the counter.  While directly in front of me... she sends several text messages.  After about 5-7 minutes she says "can I help you?" about as rudely as the phrase could be said.  This place is like Chipotle style in that you build your meal as you go down the line.  At each station I was greeted with more of a feeling of what seemed to be annoyance with the fact that I was there.  That is until she flipped the IPad around for me to pay and tip... ROFL ROFL ROFL.  Now that that is out of the way.... now the food (I hate when people review the service and not the food... the food is why you are there).  Its was cold and had almost a grossness to it.  It was incorrectly proportioned.  I got a wrap and it was awful.  The meat was cold and the salads and sauces which are supposed to be cold were room temp.  There was sauce dripping off it and if you enjoy Mediterranean food you know that should not be the case.  This food lives and dies on freshness and Agno gets that but only in their marketing department.  I have had worst experiences but am truly disappointed in this because  I love this food so much.First off - Don't get the falafel. It is extremely crumbly and dry - a bit like eating somewhat tasty sand that is inexplicably spicy. I think it's probably baked and not fried, which is part of the problem. 
The rest was good - I got a salad, and was pleased that the lemony dressing was quite lemony! Nice mix of items to put on the salad or bowl too (they have wraps, but I really don't see the point of grain-free wrap). The price was more or less what you would expect - no complaints there.Nothing I had at Agno Grill was so tasty or amazing that it made me crave more, but it's a solid option when you're in the area & needing some good, clean, simple food.
Tried a black rice bowl with lamb meatballs, pickled beets, artichokes, and roasted cauliflower. The meatballs with tomato cumin sauce were fairly tasty.
Also tried a shredded steak wrap with artichokes, cauliflower, kale and harissa sauce, which also tasted fine.
Meals were about $10 each.Grilled chicke salad with hummus, roasted carrots, roasted cauliflower and beans is amazing. Everything tastes very fresh and healthy.  I will be back!Eh, nothing special. Overpriced and the food is just so so. Go to Whole Foods food bar. Probably better. $2.75 for a very small lemonade.  Yikes! Plus, I didn't think they were too nice. How about some smile with the minimal service? Don't act pained and put out if a paying customer asks a question.I agree with a previous reviewer regarding the falafel. It was dry and a dough like ball and I won't get that next time.However all the rest was special and fresh. 
We both had rice, a protein and 3 veggies. 
We both enjoyed our meal. Just be forewarned anything extra is fairly pricey considering it lacks wait service and its cafeteria like seating( communal) . And everyone seemed to be ordering extras so it adds up. Lunch for 2 people with water and iced tea was over $30. Their beverages are home made. 
This was our second time driving in and parking and we enjoyed it enough to return.This place is just OK - I'm surprised by the overwhelmingly positive reviews!   I recently moved nearby, so was excited that - on paper - this place sounds like it would be right up my health conscious and mediterranean palate-obsessed self's alley.  It may be because I ordered the falafel (don't), but I was unimpressed overall. Prices were high, portions were small, and the food looks less than appetizing on the counter (kind of like it had been sitting out too long - but it was prime time lunch time on a Wednesday..).  Like others have said, the falafel was dismal - cold, dry, extremely crumbly so that it fell apart into a million pieces when my fork touched it.
I would maybe try it again, but would avoid the falafel.  
As far as service goes, the staff was very friendly and quick to help me, but I was also the only person in the store (to my earlier point, at lunch time on a Wednesday...maybe that is speaking louder than the reviews..)I'll give the owners the benefit of the doubt that they haven't updated their website rather than assume they were being deceptive, but the website for this restaurant claims that "All poultry, meat and produce is certified organic," and it's not.
I went to this place specifically to choose from a menu featuring organic meats.  The menu stated that the meats were local and hormone and antibiotic free.  A sign displayed the farms where the meats were sourced.  However, a quick check of the poultry supplier confirmed that they are not certified organic.  Yes, it's great to be locally-sourced, hormone and antibiotic free, but genetically-modified soy and corn can be and is used in conventional poultry farming.
I opted for a vegetarian dish, and the food was tasty enough, but if you are looking for an organic restaurant, keep looking.Agno is awesome! Their fresh, healthy meals are great to pick up for lunch, or dinner if I'm feeling lazy and don't want to cook. Even my husband is a fan, which surprised me since he's usually against paying for something that I could make at home. But the quality of ingredients speaks for itself, and their prices aren't that bad all things considered. You start with a base (be it grains or greens), add the veggies and protein you want, a sauce for some flavor, and boom! Instant, healthy, yummy meal. Can't go wrong with that!
Even better - they've partnered with Unite Fitness to offer weekly meal services! Now I can order in advance, have them delivered to Unite for me to pick up at the beginning of each week, and then I'm on track to keeping healthy!I haven't been to Agno in awhile & I was dreaming about a chicken-rice bowl with all the goodies for lunch today. Mainly the chicken part because it's so good. I get to Agno ask for Chicken and the rice base and look down to grab my phone before it falls when I look back up I'm asked for my toppings and we continue through to the register. I get back to my office and open it ready to devour the deliciousness that is Agno's Chicken-Rice Bowl  when I come to a horrifying realization: there's no chicken in my bowl. I have a meeting and can't run back to Agno to politely ask for a generous portion of chicken so I'm the saddest person ever. After that long story - they still get a solid four. It's so good.Food is good, healthy, lots of vegetarian options. Portions are so variable that I hesitate to come back here. I've been here once and gotten an okay portion; then a second time, with a friend, where my friend got a reasonable portion and I got a subpar portion that left me hungry by the end of it. We compared bowls before eating and were even laughing at the difference. I thought about saying something as the bowl was being made, but figured the owner/worker (pretty sure it was the owner) would know what they were doing.Agno Grill now has a permanent place in my delivery arsenal (especially for lunch).  It's health, fresh and super vegan-friendly.  I love the make your own bowl option.  The black rice is really good and the veggies are excellent.  The lemon tahini sauce is very tasty and the harissa is spicy and wonderful.  Other comments have claimed the food is bland -- the sauces are where to turn!  Yes, the falafels are not quite traditional, but the lack of fried-ness is what reduces the calorie count. 
All in all, healthy and good.  A welcome addition to faster food options in CC.Very good place offering fair prices for high quality good. I often come here for lunch and never leaving bloated like with a lot of other places.
Guilt free.Wow.
What a phenomenal lunch.
I went into Agno with a little doubt. I've seen similar concepts executed poorly leaving me 'hangry'.
Agno was an enjoyable experience from the moment I walked in up to right this second as I contemplate going back for another rice pudding.
It's a basic concept, make your own salad/rice bowl/wrap. Like a non-chain Mediterranean Chipotle. Their ingredients are healthy, fresh and unique. I got the steak (which was the consistency of brisket- just a heads up). 
The best way to describe the flavor of every thing is thoughtful. Each component to the salad tasted like it was prepared as a small batch. I'm really impressed. I will be back to try more. Soon!My son recommended this mostly GF place. I got the salad with feta, artichoke hearts and roasted cauliflower.  That part was really good. Unfortunately I chose falafel for my protein. They were extremely dry and crumbly with a so so taste and unpleasant texture. 
I will try chicken if I ever go back.Agno Grill is the healthier version of Chipotle with better customer experience. Just like Chipotle, you can pick your base, protein, and 3 toppings with a wide variety of sauces. The amount of food you receive with an order is enough for two meals and provides you with your daily intake of protein, vegetable, and carbs. I definitely will be coming back when I'm in Philly!