I have been here a few times now, and have been extremely pleased with a lot of their menu items. The chicken kabob is excellent (honeslty, though, I am a sucker for a charcoal grill) and the hummus is tasty.  The only thing I was disappointed in was the chicken shawarma.  It was just kind of dry and blah-tasting.  But overall, I can't complain., and they deliver, too!Really delicious deluxe falafel sandwiches and salmon salad! Will definitely return!
Update: continue to love this place. Had the fries and the sampler appetizer. Grape leaves were on point and the foul was pretty yum too. Highly recommend.LOVE THIS PLACE!!
Al Zaytouna is awesome. We always get the chicken kabob platter and a greek salad, and it's always delicious! Their hummus is the real deal and the rice is so good. I don't understand why more people don't give this place 5 stars!! Decor is peaceful and we even brough the baby in. 
Also, they deliver to South Philly.I've been here a few times so obviously I've enjoyed it. I feel that the ingredients are always fresh, great BYOB spot and the staff are friendly. They can really push a special for you to try to get you out of your comfort zone and it pays off. I was excited to actually try one of the special instead of just being so plain Jane that evening. I believe they offer a very solid Middle Eastern cuisine.During my visit to Philadelphia, I passed by this place and decided to give it a try and I'm glad I did!!! I got the appetizer platter and it was so freaking good!! The falafel were so delicious and way better than the standard falafel I'm used to get in here. My friends got the mixed berry juice and it was very tasty and refreshing! We got the merguez sandwich and the rib eye steak sandwich as entrees and they were AMAZING!! We had turkish coffee and baklava at the end and they were very very good !! I'm Middle Eastern and I can say with confidence that this place makes food that is equally good to what I'm used to back home. The service was excellent as well, very friendly and attentive.Ordered the falafel platter the other day and it was quite good. 
Quick delivery and decently priced. Haven't had the schwarma yet but I heard its amazing and delicious.My family visited me from New York and we decided to come here on Friday night because of the great ratings. It was 6 of us, 4 adults and 2 kids. Although no-one else was dining there, it was still open. We were greeted with a horrible attitude and felt a bad vibe right away. It felt like the staff was annoyed that we were there, especially the waitress/ hostess. We decided to give it a try anyway because we understand that people have their bad days.  
Nevertheless, we sat down and ordered. I gave up asking for lemon after the second time of asking with no result. About 30 minutes later, my sister showed us that they were spraying a cleaner all over the area where the food was being prepared. She said that it had been occurring for about 20 minutes. It was being sprayed literally on top of the food. So much so that we couldn't believe our eyes and she couldn't ignore it anymore. She asked them what the bottle contained. They told us that it was clorox or windex. 
So, after getting a nasty attitude, our food being poisoned with windex and not getting what we requested, we paid for the drinks we had and went to go eat somewhere else. 
Will NEVER go there again.This is probably my new favorite Middle Eastern place in town. The lamb kebab sandwich is fantastic. No iceberg lettuce and mealy tomatoes that taste like they were previously frozen. Everything is fresh, and some of the veggies are roasted, which really makes them pop. And a healthy portion of well-seasoned meat. If you want hot sauce, though, don't be a dummy like I was and ask for it after your sandwich arrives because it will just fall apart when you try to open it.
I'd probably give the place five stars, but the falafel wasn't very crisp. They don't have a fryer, and it looks like they just fry things in a cast iron dutch oven, so I'm sure it's hard to get the perfect temperature. They do, however, feature a falafel sandwich with french fries in it.
I'd definitely go back.The is my absolute favorite place to order from in the neighborhood, even surpassing all the Italian places in Italian Market. 
The chicken shawarma platter is amazing and gives you a taste of everything. The chicken is expertly seasoned and the rice a perfect compliment. It also comes with hummus (the best on this side of Broad St.) and a small salad. 
Other favorites are the grape leaves and the falafel. 
I would 100% recommend this to anyone in the area for eat-in, take out or delivery.I've ordered here a couple times and haven't been disappointed yet! I love their grilled chicken kabob platter that comes with a salad and hummus. I've also had their large garden salad and their homemade, simple dressing is phenomenal. Definitely will order from here again.I have never gone and eaten in the restaurant but I get delivery from here once every week or so. They have so many vegetarian options, hefty portions and the food is absolutely amazing. The delivery is super fast (they have never arrived late, in fact they're almost always early). The people are super friendly too. 
Only one thing I've ever found strange: I ordered from here last week and got a Mediterranean Wrap (Falafel, olives, veggies, greek yogurt) and they put like 30 packets of ketchup in the bag? Really strange.This is a great little neighborhood spot. I've only had take out but the restaurant is cute and cozy inside. The staff is friendly - they even gave me a free iced tea for my first visit. I had the chicken shawarma and babbaghanoush. The chicken shawarma does live up to its reviews. It comes with yellow rice, side salad and great hummus. The babbaghanoush was good not great (I'm a big babbaghanoush person ). I'd recommend this place overall!I live just down the street from Al Zaytouna but had never been in before today. I ordered the falafel platter to go, and the very kind and generous staff gave me a piece of baklava and some grape leaves on the house. I lived in Morocco and Egypt for several years, and the amazing food brought me back to my time there. Alf alf shukr li Al Zaytouna!!I've wanted to try this place, but hesitated because I am fairly new to Mediterranean cuisine.  So this review is based on poor lack of aquaintance. 
Locaed in the Italian market area, it was not for upscale dining.  But the place was clean and cozy with small open kitchen.  Interestingly, the kitchen was located right next to the entrance.  
I had Egyptian iced tea and mixed kebab (beef, chicken, lamb and kofta).  Meats were slightly overcooked and thus had tougher texture for me, but taste was on point (for my very limited exposure to kebab).  Iced tea had peppermint and chamomile flavors according to my less educated palate. 
Overall, it was very satisfying lunch, and maybe encouraged me to try more Mediterranean food.Fantastic food!  My boyfriend and I have ordered delivery from AL Zaytouna on numerous occasions, and we have yet to be disappointed.  Delivery is prompt, and service is great.  The ingredients are fresh, and the meals are flavorful and generous in their portion sizes (makes for great leftovers)!I've ordered delivery THREE nights in a row from Al Zaytouna. It's absolutely DELICIOUS. HIGHLY recommend the Lamb Chop Entree and Half Chicken Entree. Minus one star because the delivery package never comes with utensils, it's quite pricey ($28 plus tip for lamb entree when delivered) and the grilled veggies were a little oily for my taste.Great meal followed by a fantastic Turkish coffee ..... and I love middle eastern cuisine .... and I am also a vegetarian and this place is really very good with great prices .....very pleasant and enjoyable experience , all around ......I ordered takeout. A salad with chicken kebob on it. It arrived pre-dressed and the lettuce was slimy and drowning in oil. There were a only a couple cucumbers, tomatoes and red onions on the salad, so pretty boring and flavorless too on top of being warm (it was sitting on top of the hot food items). At least the chicken was cooked well.Philadelphia is the city of cheese steak and that's what we ordered, chicken cheese steak. I was barely a 5 out of 10. Clean place, nice workers but will not go back to eat.Awesome wraps.  Lunch is great.  Get the Chicken Shawerma "Sandwich", you won't be disappointed.The service was good and food was awesome! Their baklava  are awesome!! Would def come back here if i am craving Mediterranean.I went with a group of 8. We were the only people in the restaurant. The service was great! The food was wonderful. Decent portions for the price. BYOB. I would definitely eat there again.
Lesson learned: do not drive because parking is difficult to find. Take Uber or something and save yourself the time and headache.Chicken kabob platter was so delicious, as was the berry juice.  The platter was perfectly portioned, containing:  tender grilled chicken, delicious veggies (red pepper, onion, and zucchini), and that tasty bed of rice was abundant.  The platter also came with a tiny fresh salad (cucumber, mixed greens, tomatoes, and red onions), thin pita, and nice helping of perfectly spiced hummus.  
The meal as a whole was very cohesive in terms of spice and was absolutely satisfying.  
My one problem with the meal was the soup.  I ordered my meal via grub hub, and Al Zaytouna does state "call for soup of the day".  I figured it would probably be lentil soup of some kind, and decided not to call.  I got some kind of broth.  So, my bad for winging it, but I was still disappointed.
Overall my meal was really solid, so I highly recommend!  Thanks, for the 411 on this spot fellow yelpers.I love this place! The felafel are fab and the hoummas rocks. It is a great addition to the neighborhood.YUM! Wanted to switch our food order up from sandwiches and sushi..so happy we did! The service was fast, the food was fresh and the price was great for the amount of food we ordered! 
I am a hummus fanatic and good lord they did not disappoint. If anything every other hummus is ruined for me now. I ordered the hummus appetizer, which was a huge portion and came with warm pita. For entrees we got the chicken schwarma and grilled vegetable. Both came with hummus and salad, and both were oh so delicious. The veggies (eggplant, zucchini, onion and red pepper) were grilled perfectly and the chicken was super tender. Bonus : there was so much food we had lunch ready to go for the next day and extra hummus to last all week. Pretty ideal!! 
Will absolutely be ordering from here again!This is our go to place for its always 5 star there. The food is consistently fresh and so delicious!!!!  The service is over the top. Kobai is a most gracious host, Gianna is a delight, whole staff is so accommodating. We have had several birthday parties there. 
Being a byob keeps cost down, so our crowd loves going there. Enjoy.
Linda & YuriCame here for lunch on a Saturday and surprisingly no one was there at the time. We ordered the falafal appetizer, chicken kabob entree, and a large greek salad all to share amongst three of us. It was all super delicious and I can't wait to go back! I think the kabob entree was probably the best deal because it came with the chicken, vegetables, rice, side salad, and a generous portion of hummus and pita. The service was also good, which you would expect since we were the only ones in the restaurant at that time, but the staff was so friendly so it made everything even more pleasant.Excellent restaurant. I always enjoy my meals here. Must have the lamb kebab platter with the berry juice. The service is great and what's even better is the music that they play. They play  70's soul music and it is the best. Everything on the menu is tasty delicious and outstanding.Great service and fantastic food. They have the best grape leaves I've had outside the Middle East.I feel lucky to live so close to this restaurant. It has a lot of vegetarian options and the ingredients are very fresh.We wanted to get out of the heat and grab a quick lunch near the Italian Market so we stopped in for a light bite.  We shared the assorted appetizer plate which included hummus, baba, tabbouleh, grape leaves, and two felafal along with Tunisian style pita which is a cross between Israeli lavash and Greek Pita, thin and tasty.  The felafels were some of the best I have ever tasted.  Nicely seasoned, crisp on the outside and soft inside.  The Tabbouleh was also excellent.  The restaurant is very clean and the air conditioning was soooo nice.Found this place after running errands in South Philly and looking online for kabobs. 
Pros: the partitioned takeout containers that kept my hummus from my rice from my salad, the salad dressing, the hummus. 
Cons: the amount of food for the price
Blah: the chicken of the chicken kabobs 
Very, very nice people work here. If I were to return, I'd try something else on the menu.Good and fresh. Walked in on a whim and was pleasantly surprised. Enjoyed my lunch at my pace, took in the street view and left feeling satisfied and relaxed.Had a very good meal here recently. The place seems like they do more takeout/delivery, but they have seating and the service was pleasant and efficient. They're putting out some decent greek/middle eastern food. We'll be back!After ordering from here a few times, and never having actually been to the establishment, I must say I'm tempted to. 
Their falafel and chicken kabob platters are amazing. The chicken schwarma sandwich is very tasty as well. 
Usually, i'm thrilled by their grape leaves but sometimes they are unwrapped when delivered. 
So why not 5 stars? One order I placed here was terrible! Everything I ordered was coated in sand or some coarse pebbles -- it felt like my food was prepared on a beach or something. 
However,  considering that all my other experiences with them have been pleasurable,  I shrugged it off as an anomaly. 
Since then I haven't had a bad experience.Very authentic and delicious. I had the chicken shawerma  platter and my wife had the Kofta Kabob platter. The meat was  to die for. The hummus was very authentic. We had falafel for appetizers and it us the best falafel I had  in Philly. 
Ivy, the server, was wonderful. Very friendly and accommodating. 
Add the fact that they are a byob was an added bonus.I am always excited to see new places serving Middle Eastern fare pop up in South Philly so when I found out about this place I put my last $20 to good use and ordered delivery for a lazy afternoon before work. 
Apparently these people are the same geniuses that brought us Alyan's so I had pretty high expectations considering Alyan's cooks up some of the best Middle Eastern food in the city. Is Al Zaytouna comparable? Absolutely, in all of the best ways. 
The menu itself is extremely reasonable. There isn't a single item more expensive than $18, and that dish is seems like an epic platter of meats and other delectable treats. Me, being a vegetarian (again), went for the stuffed grape leaves and falafel sandwich. The grape leaves were really good, tangy, and served atop lettuce and what I think is an herbed lemon olive oil. You get six per order and again, while the flavor was really good I would've preferred them served warm. The falafel sandwich was of epic proportions and served on what I'm pretty sure was laffa bread (or maybe it's called taboon since it's Middle Eastern) as opposed to the pita that I was expecting. The sandwich is HUGE. Seriously. I regretted ordering the grape leaves because the sandwich was twice as big as I was expecting. It was filled with perfectly cooked falafel, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, hummus, tahini, and eggplant (which it does not traditionally come with but I added on). The laffa wrap made it so you get falafel in every bite as opposed to pita where it can be oddly displaced. I really enjoyed it but I have to admit, there were a few spices lacking. 
This place has some serious food, y'all. It definitely replaced Mazza in my heart for favorite Middle Eastern cuisine. 
OH but one thing to note: They don't like it when you order from GrubHub, as the delivery guy made sure to tell me when he dropped off my food. Uh, if you don't like it then maybeeee don't be on it.Come here if you want extra hair in your food.  Long, curly, thick ones! Yum!I was looking for fresh, healthy mediterranean food in Philly and found Al Zaytouna through Groupon. They had a $35 for $21 special so I decided to try it out. We had the hummus and baba ganoush to start - both delicious. The baba ganoush was probably the best I've had. Then I had the greek salad topped with chicken shwarma, which was so fresh and tasty. The chicken was prepared wonderfully. My boyfriend had the mixed kebob, which came with rice, a salad, and hummus for only $15. He loved his dinner as well. Even the pita came to us fresh and hot.
The owner, who served us, was polite and friendly. The restaurant is clean and spacious. Overall, I would definitely come back and I can't wait to order takeout as well!When ordering a "large" salad that cost over $10, I really expect to get my money's worth. Considering, it's a salad! Not the case at Al Zaytouna. Unfortunately it was by far the smallest salad I've ever had delivered. The actual salad was good but it definitely needed dressing on the side. For the price I could've gotten triple the amount of food from any pizza shop in the area and paid way less. I was extremely disappointed. On a side note, they didn't even bring my iced tea I ordered. : (Nice location near Italian market  Good food n service  We had a light lunch Hummus & Chicken Caesar salads  very good.  Nice atmosphere clean bathrooms.Ate here in person recently with a handful of friends. The food was great. I personally had the Chicken Shawarma while others in my party had various appetizing-looking dishes.If you like to plan ahead, it is BYOB (or wine) and the servers are especially helpful with uncorking the wine and providing ice to chill white wine on. 
The only gripe is that at one point in the night, we were the only patrons in the restaurant and it was still early. Having thought that they might have been closing early, we hurriedly ate the rest of our dishes before finding out that they are open another 3 hours.
All-in-all I would recommend Al Zaytouna as a place to grab some great greek food.I have ordered regularly from this restaurant for two years. Most recently, I placed an order for pick up and the total came to $9.89. I showed up with a credit card and the owner notified me of a $10 minimum for credit. I apologized for not having cash and they told me to take a hike. The owner placed a higher value on the $0.11 merchant processing fee than his loyal customer. For that, I will never order from here again.The food was good but nothing to rave about. I ordered the combo of chicken, lamb, beef over rice. It came out to $27 with delivery and gratuity for a 2 mile delivery.  For the price and food, it's average. For service, it's a 2 star at best. Would you think an hour and 29 minute wait reasonable?Ordered a falafel sandwich and side of hummus at 8:30 last night for delivery.  It got here within the hour and I was pleasantly surprised.  The sandwich was big and delicious.  Falafel was crunchy and warm and it was wrapped tightly and had the perfect proportion of everything.  The hummus and pita they sent was pretty good.  I threw the pita in my oven to crisp it up a little bit and added some sriracha to the hummus, but I am so pleased with my food.  I wish I didn't house the whole thing last night so that I could eat it this morning. :[Great place, delicious food and friendly atmosphere. I went there on a Monday for a late lunch. We were just looking for some simple food and were pleasantly surprised with how great the food was. Noomen, was extremely helpful and friendly.  The kabob and tilapia had a fresh taste and the home made berry juice was just a gem. I will definitely go back again.Greek Salad with lamb was amazing. Turkish coffe was really good too. My wife got a falafel sandwich and loved it. Food came out quickly and the prices were low.STILL LOVE THIS PLACE!
This is our "go to" restaurant for delivery. We crave it and order at least once/week.  Staff, drivers and owner are all very nice and food is fantastic! The ambiance is also very nice for eat-in.
I had to update my review to say the food is always consistantly good as others have mentioned.  This is huge! If I'm being lazy and buying take out I want to know it's going to be good.Ordered delivery. It came within it's time frame. $4 baklava is a 2x2x2.5 inch triangle. Unsatisfactory. Not very good. Chicken Schwarma sandwich was large but flavorless. Deep fried falafel was good. Lamb kebab was decent.We have ordered from Al Zaytouna a few times on GrubHub now, and they provide consistently good food, quickly. Last night our appetizer platter, chicken kebab salad, and baba ghanoush were all great! Fresh, hot pita, too. Delivery was 30 minutes early! One star down for cost - a little on the pricey side - and falafel was a tad dry. But currently our go-to middle eastern delivery place!We ate in their dining area...BYOB...The food was OK. Nothing special. We ordered hummus and it came with cut up pita bread. The hummus was ok, maybe needed some lemon or something...We also ordered 1 beef kabob wrap and 1 chicken kabob wrap. The beef was tough as tripe...seriously not good. The chicken one was just bland, and not very good.
The service was good, but the dining area is kind of creepy. They need to do a deep clean in that place. Along the baseboards is all dirty, they have a creep wall fountain...and flower boxes on the wall with fake flowers...WEIRD. 
Overall, Glad we tried it but not very good- We wont be going back.Fairly new joint that is already getting great reviews. My boyfriend and I set out on a Sunday night quest for falafel and decided on here based on other Yelp reviews. Convenient location in little Italy and warm welcome upon entry from the host/server and the cook. Simple carrout counter and grill station behind it followed by a narrow but clean, simple and warm dining area. 
Our eager host was quick to feature the whole barramundi special of the night but we stuck to our original craving of falafel pita sandwiches...and they didn't disappoint! 
Fresh pita rolled tightly around perfectly fried falafel, lettuce,tomato, onion and hummus. Pretty large sandwich and very reasonable price! The grape leaves we started with were awesome too. 
I've been searching for good falafel since I moved back from NYC and this place is it.
Can't wait to come back to try some other dishes. They are eager to showcase their food and I love that! BYOB on top...sold!!
P.S. Order the iced tea...very good. And let them talk you into the special fresh fruit pureed drink they offer. Vitamin C berry boost and so freaking good.Good quality food, tasty, and very quick delivery!
Recommendations: falafel sandwich, and grape leaves are heavenly!I've ordered from this restaurant a few times on grub hub. I haven't been disappointed as of yet. Great hummus, falafel, and kabob. Very fast delivery.Can't recall the entree I ordered (must have been lamb or chicken) but the HUMMUS was everything! Meat was kind of dry and chewy. Salad was fresh. 
Waiter was nice and attentive. No parking anywhere. 
I'll definitely be back for the hummus.The place is rather simple in its decor. The staff is rather average, but actually appropriate to the kind of place this is. The food tasted good, but then afterwards me and my friend didn't feel very good. I donno, it might have been a coincidence or maybe they fried the falafel in lard or other animal oil... We are both vegetarians and gluten free therefore we're definitely more sensitive to the quality of food.Favorite Mediterranean spot in restaurant and takeout! They have fresh ingredients and cater to vegetarians and vegans. I'm in love with the variety of appetizers, mishwia salad, falafel platter and grape leaves platter. Their falafel is perfect and not greasy at all. Grape leaves are delicious...everything I've had there just rocks my world.Such a find! I went here with some friends last night and really liked the food. The place is smaller but not cramped inside. I ordered the falafel entree which was really good. The falafel was deep fried and crispy without being greasy. The hummus was flavored with a coating of oil that still managed to taste fresh and delicious. And the side of mixed greens was dressed in an olive oil lemon dressing. It comes with warm pita bread so overall very filling!!! My entree was only around 10 bucks. We shared a piece of baklava which other reviewers noted was small for the price. I would have to agree with that assessment. And we ordered tiramisu to share that it was coming from a grocery store box. My recommendation is to go for dinner and unless you really like baklava, go somewhere else for dessert!Just moved into the neighborhood and glad I found this gem. Staff is super friendly and the food is delicious. Nothing fancy, just good food. Chicken shawarma sandwich is great and a great value. It's not the fake, greasy stuff. i have found all of my orders to be consistent too. They also have outdoor seating , which is nice. Definitely stop by and give it a try.Good place. The layout is a little odd, as is the dark wood wall, but I like the effort. The food is Mediterranean, but Tunisian to be exact. 
So any of my comments on 'flaws' might just be bc this is not like Greek/Lebanese/middle eastern foods I've had before
We order the 'Turkish iced tea',  but it tasted exactly like unsweetened Liptons. Maybe that's what they use in Turkey. ?!
The app platter of mixed goodies including grape leaves, humus, babaganoosh, etc was really good and came with pita. 
We also ordered French fries, which for some reason we're fantastic. Must've been fresh cut potatoes, good and salty. Actually great dipped in the humus. 
We both ordered 'wraps', a chicken shawarma and a spicy sausage pita. Tasty but very dry. The wrap parts are grilled after being wrapped, making it extra dry. Maybe that just how they roll, pun intended. But we asked for sauces- esp for the spicy one, they brought a tsaziki (cucumber) but it seemed just like sour cream, but it helped. For my chicken shawarma I used the salsa-ish thing that came with the app platter. But I suggest sauce choices being served with these sandwiches.
The prices were good, esp
With the groupon. 
Give this place a try!!So I found this on a whim, a total, I want something different and rarely do I get delivery.
I saw this place highly rated and gave it a try. Delivery did take what forever, about an hour. This was a bit longer than I would like. I ordered the chicken kabobs with the rice and the chicken shawarma (think that's how its spelled) with grilled vegiies and a side of the hummus. 
The kabob had very good taste, except one piece was tough, it wasn't cooked all the way, the rest of pieces were fine. The rice was good (average). The shawarma was the highlight, this was better than the kabob and the grilled veggies were very good. these dishes came with a side salad (very fresh) and side hummus. I know, I ordered a side hummus not realizing after I ordered that the entres came with hummus, Trust me this was NOT a mistake. This was some tasty hummus that I could eat more of. I'd definitely order again but I'd go in-person or pick-up as delivery was a long time.Excellent grape leaves, hummus and shawarma.I'm so glad this place has opened up in the neighborhood, sorely in need of tasty fresh middle eastern style food.  It's inexpensive, the food is delicious, and the service is friendly.  The baba ghanouj is the best I've had in a long time.  The finely chopped vegetable salad is delicious.  The foul is better than anything I had in Egypt.  The felafel and grape leaves were also excellent. 
It's curious that there were not more patrons, though I suppose it's a competitive neighborhood with a lot of very well established restaurants.
Give it a try.Love this place. Have gotten delivery from here numerous times and it's always delicious. My husband and I typically order 2 shawarma platters because the chicken is so delicious and we don't want to share. Falafel is great too. The sides that come with the platter (hummus, salad, rice and pita) make for a very filling meal. Am interested in trying other menu items, but it's hard to order anything else since the shawarma is so good! I should add that we haven't had any of the delivery issues mentioned in other reviews. As I'm typing this, we ordered exactly 16 minutes ago online, and our food just showed up! Awesome place.Yum, falafel and grilled meats in my 'hood? Yes please!
I was delighted to see a non-Italian place open up; we stopped in for dinner one night and had a delicious meal.  The owners/chefs (formerly of Alyans) are super friendly and will not hesitate to give you recommendations if you ask.
We settled on the Al Zaytouna combo platter for a measly 15.95, consisting of grilled salmon, kofta, kabob, chicken, lamb chops AND shish kabob, with a side of a tomato/cuke salad and rice.  The falafel platter was super crispy and not greasy, with the same sides.  The hummus was creamy and made me almost want to lick the plate clean.  We also shared a fruity berry drink concoction, I can't remember what it was called but it cold and refreshing.  Everything is authentic and would be great for a quick lunch, dinner, or takeout meal.
I made a note to definitely go back to sample the shawerma (seen through the front windows on the spit).  Next time you're at Sabrina's and don't want to wait an hour - head next door to Al Zaytouna and snack on some falafel and fruit juice.Reasonably good food. Prefer the Falafel sandwich from the south street Greek restaurant. The hummus and pita was also tasty. Prices were good and the delivery was on time. I Will certainly go back in the future.I stopped in here tonight. We had been handed a flyer by a guy on the street about a week before, letting us know they were opening. I was excited to try it, because we usually walk up to Alyans to get Middle Eastern food, or to Maoz to get falafel.
We ordered Greek salad and falafel platters. Both were excellent. The hummus was good, the falafel was perfectly cooked. Simple, flavorful and fresh. I also had their "berry juice", made in house, which was very fresh tasting, hints of different kinds of berries with a tart citrus flavor.
They have lots of indoor seating and 4 or 5 tables out front. The decor is simple, wood floors with old exposed wooden wall, unfinished ceilings, but the restaurant is clean, the bathroom was very clean, and the staff was really friendly.
This is another great spot for the 9th and Christian area, which has really become a great food spot...Lorenzo's for pizza, Sabrina's for the regular food, Monsu for Sicilian fine dining...this area is really shaping up, and Al-Zaytouna is a welcome addition. I'll definintely be going back here.Really hits the mediterranean spot, the food is super healthy and delicious and their hummus is really tasty, I'm a big fan.I went there with my mom/step-dad and fiancee'. The food is great. I think it's 4 star but gave it a 5 star because my mom/step-dad love it so much they bring all their friends and are willing to go a couple times a week (this coming from a couple that dislike most restaurants, and prefer to eat at home).
The food is fresh tasting and cooked right (I am mediterranian so know what is good and what is not when it comes to this).  They are friendly, and BYOB never hurts!Honestly I'm so confused as to how I gave this place 4 stars before. Food from here is robbery. I ordered the chicken "delight" and it was far from delightful. There was no flavor to this dish. The hummus tasted like it was from a can, nothing like what I had before. The food was also dry. Asked for sauce and got no sauce. I can get better food from a halal truck for half the price.First timer here and loved it. The kabobs were cooked just right and the hummus was not overpowering. Good variety of food and the portion was very satisfying. Well worth a visit.Food was absolutely delicious.  In Philly on business.  Ordered delivery to hotel.  Arrived on time and food was hot.  Ordered roasted veggies, falafel and tabouli.  Very flavorful and wonderfully presented.  Best falafel I've ever had.  Was so good, I ordered it two nights in a row!Just left the resteurant,  the food is not tasty and it is expensive... Very disappointed.  Service is good though (only us in the restaurant).  The salad is very sour, too much lemon juice I guess, the hummus is not as good as other reviews mentioned,  in general I don't recommend this place.Have always had a great and consistent experience here, whether dine-in or carry out.  Everything is delicious, with no complaints.  Love how smooth and tasty the hummus is.   Always love various sides and end up getting full before my entree comes, which is no problem because i do love leftovers for the next day.  
I usually end up with the chicken schwarma entree.    Wish they would carry lamb, but the guy claimed it would bring the price too high for that schwarma, and then people don't order it.  oh well.  
When dining in, don't forget to BYO!  It is a cozy and clean dining experience in the backI am so glad that we finally had a chance to eat at AZ.  It's walking distance to our house and to most of Center City. The food is spectacular. My husband had a deluxe falafel sandwich that one friend mentioned could be used as a missile (if it didn't taste good) because it was so large.  Fortunately for my hubby, it tasted good and he ate the missile filled with deep fried eggplant, french fries and falafel. I had the warm grape leaves and a delicious salad.  We bought enjoyed the Egyptian iced tea with gallons of water brought frequently to our table.
The server was really special. He paid a lot of attention to us, gave me suggestions for food based on my worry about too much spicy, and told us about the take out and delivery services.  
I always try to mention downsides when I write reviews. So, here goes (but only out of obligation).  The inside of the restaurant could use a softer touch. Maybe paint the one ceiling bump out with a bright orange or blue, and get another poster like the one of doors of Tunisia.  Finally, a plant or two?  (Owners, if you want some free help, I'll come and give you some ideas). 
Second, parking is a little difficult in the area (not the AZ's fault, of course) so think about walking or biking or having delivery.  But  if I were you, I'd run not walk, ride my bike at full speed ahead, and call AZ quickly. You can't go wrong with the food.Never eaten there but get take out all the time!
Fresh and healthy Meditteranean food at reasonable prices and ample servings.
Definitely recommend for a good take out offering !Service:  delivery took 1 hour and 20 mins to get somewhere less then one mile away. Terrible and got really hungry waiting.  We called the restaurant after an hour and the person on the other side said, "oh, that order went out a while back..." And hoped that the food would stay hot.
Food:  Cold.  We ordered two platters that is about 50% rice, 20% meat, and chopped salad and oil hummus. My kofta was so dry and tough, I couldn't eat it and hurt my jaw chewing it after a while.  For a $14 dollar platter full of rice, this place is a ripe off.  3 tiny piece of dried out meat, and the meat being cold doesn't help it.  I wanted to call them to complain, but they closed.  I guess since we ordered 1.5 hr before closing and the food took 1.5 hour to get here, quality is not a priority.  Maybe they ran out of the meat and decided to just fill the box with rice.
I will say, I cannot believe I spent $27 bucks on this crap. I do not recommend this place.  Who knows, maybe the 4 star reviews are family and friends trying to help them get more business. Don't trust unless they have more then 100 reviews.  Compete crap if you ever had Mediterranean before.Haven't actually been at the restaurant itself, but I have got delivery around 5 times so far.
Everything is delicious, and in generous portions.
Like the place so much, that it has really limited the delivery options in the area, since I always prefer to get the food from here first.
Edit: They've messed up my order twice so far. Both times fixed by Eat24, but I would rather have them get it right first time.They serve the best hummus in Philly! I love this place so much. It is great for take out or eating in. The setting is very quite so it's perfect to go and catch up with friends. Don't forget your wine because it is BYOB! 
Eating in is a relaxing experience because the service is friendly and the food is fresh out of the oven. 
My favorite dishes: 
Hummus! (of course!) 
Grape Leaves appetizer
Lamb Kabab platter
Greek Salad 
Falafel SandwichI ordered the mixed kebab with grilled veggies for delivery.  The delivery was timely and the food was delicious.  I was a little disappointed I only got one kofta because it was very good, but besides that it was good portions.  The meat and veggies came with a side of hummus and a little salad.  It's a little bit pricey but I'd say it was worth it.