This is some of the best food I've had in philly. I'm high on their hummus right now. I don't know what half the stuff is that I order and I don't care because EVERYTHING is good. I order delivery from them frequently and you can just tell by the way they present the dishes in the takeout containers that everything is made with care and pride in their food and not just thrown in a box. Seriously so good!I recently tried this place and was quite delighted. It is a beautifully decorated restaurant complete with very comfortable seating. There is a very friendly wait staff who are happy to explain any questions you may (will) have about the food. I came for dinner a night when it was empty, so it lacked the energy of a typical middle eastern restaurant. 
The food is mainly Jordanian, and while it is not my favorite,  it was very good. I prefer Lebanese or Syrian. I would recommend the sambusak. It was very tasty and cheesy.We found this restaurant by luck.  Some of the pluses are good parking, nice atmosphere, great service, very nice portions and just simply excellent food.  We had the mixed grill which was prepared to perfection.   The falafel plate was perfect ,crispy and perfectly seasoned.  This restaurant is only 3 months old.  
The real negative is that it isn't closer to home. Coming from Holland is a drive but we can honestly say this will be our go to middle eastern restaurant.Yelp has been steering me wrong lately! The last 4/5 star places have been very wrong. This place is one of those wrong places. The food is 3, but the service is 1. I went in for lunch and it was empty. Despite it being empty the service was slow and negligent. I had the mixed grill and the mixed cold app platter. Both were ok not exceptional.This place was great. The service were sweet. I order Kabob sandwich with french fries. Their French fries was a different story their fries is natural and they had really good season in fries. 
I also smoked hookah with orange bowl and their hookah is clean and i was able to taste flavor. This place open like 3 month and ill tell you if you ever went to philly and you went nice hookah lounge with middle eastern food try this place.
If a person dont like to smoke hookah they have special floor just for non hookah smoker.The worst experience ever! After reading the reviews on here me and my family decided to break our fast. We called the restaurant to make sure they were open and that they had the buffet promised on their website, they indeed confirmed that they had a buffed and etccc.. when we got their we had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated. Management is zero no welcoming, no apologizing for the wait. Mind you by this time it was past the time to breakfast, and there was nothing on the table not even water. After about 5 min they gave us a plastic shot cup with 4 dates. After about an hour they brought some very bad food. Hummus (pretty sure it's from the can), chicken nugget, under cooked rice, some lentils soup,  and for desert they put literally 3 strawberries and little grapes, 5 cookies. When we complained to the manager she ignored us. PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY AND TIME HERE! THIS RESTAURANT DOES  NOT REPRESENT MEDITERRANEAN FOOD OR IT PEOPLE.Loved this new restaurant. The staff was attentive, the atmosphere was fun and of course the food was amazing. Started with some great Turkish coffee. The hummus was incredibly fresh. Falafels were perfect. All the meat was seasoned to perfection. 
The staff was really excited about their restaurant, telling us about specials and menu items. When we left, they asked if we could take pictures in their photo corner. We put on some Middle Eastern clothes and they took a few pictures of us. It was a lot of fun.Food was exceptional! hummus silky and perfect. Rice delicious. Everything was perfect and tasted like home cooking.Food and service! Wonderful! Get hummus topped with lamb, and mixed grill! Connected to a vodka distillery! Unique, clean! BYOB!very good customer service alex gave me a discount the food was excellent ! lamb chops over fresh mixed vegetables ! ce check this pkace out ! womt go wrong !  turquish coffee is really strong,Great food, friendly people and great service. Portion size is unbelievable. You should go in really hungry!Great food , smooth hookah and warm hospitality
Reasonable prices
You Will enjoy the atmosphere
:-)Sitting here on a Saturday night. They bring our dishes out piecemeal. In fact my main course was delivered 25 minutes ago and my date's dish is yet to arrive. In all this time no one came out to explain the delay. I had to wave down the waitress. She made the excuse that there was this other large party. No apology. She is not rude. I think she is poorly trained. Finally, the young owner comes by and asks if everything is good? I tell him the place is disorganized and the staff poorly trained. He sincerely apologizes, comps the late dish, gives us free dessert and insists on sending us home with another complete lamb dish. I have to give him credit. He was sincere in his apology and showed it in his actions. Finally, the food is pretty good. The lamb in the lamb shush kabobs was perfectly done. Pink in the center and juicy.My fiancee and I dined at Alamodak last night and really enjoyed ourselves.  
Food:  Pita and hummus--hummus was garlicky and creamy, plentiful pita which they offered to refill
Fattosh Salad--Fresh veggies, generous portion, tasty dressing and beautiful presentation
Two beef shawarma sandwiches--so delicious, came with veggies and tahini in a pita wrap and serve with hot, crispy fries
The service was friendly and aimed to please, food was served at the perfect pace.  Manager was making rounds to check on diners and it was obvious they care about having happy customers.  Ambience is comfortable and decorated in a fun way.  Prices are SO reasonable and it's BYOB to top it off.  Such a wonderful addition to the neighborhood, we will definitely return soon!SO good!!! Super family friendly. Excited to have a new local Middle Eastern BYOB. Great food and attentive staff.this place is around the corner from my work and it's so bangin. the chicken shawarma saved me!!
also the falafel is incredible. i've been here three times and it's always super fresh and the folks who are working are super nice!!My friend and I have eaten here twice and look forward to many more meals at Alamodak. The great staff and the food at this restaurant make your visit a pleasure.   My friend and I start off with  salad, the Greek Salad, and and the Haloumi Salad  which are both delicious, with crisp vegetables, cheese and dressings that complement but don't overwhelm the other ingredients. My friend enjoyed the mixed grill, particularly the lamb chops.  I have shared the Platter for One that comes with the freshest hummus, an eggplant dip, tabbouleh and two pieces of lightly spiced falafel. It comes with the  paper thin flatbread served at the restaurant to mop up all the delicious stuff.  On my second visit I tried the Mixed Bakery Platter which turned out to be four crisp rolls with various fillings and, a spicy beef meat ball with a sauce for dipping.  I also had a bowl of the Foul. The beans in the dish were puréed and lightly spiced and were great with the bread and with the lamb chops my friend was eating.  
The restaurant is large and the seating comfortable. Both times there we were seated at the tables with the comfortable arm chairs and I didn't want to get back up.  Just keep the food coming.  Prices are reasonable and portions generous. They know what they are doing in the kitchen at this place.  Looking forward to another trip so I can try the dessert. Everything I was eating was so good that I forgot to leave room on the other visits.Al-Bustan Seeds of Culture is a non-profit organization that allows the expression of different cultures to be voiced.  We reached out to Alamodak and asked if they could supply food for our Neighborhood Forum at The U School. Not only were they excited to help, they were incredibly generous to DONATE 4 trays of appetizers!! We know that is no small task for a neighborhood restaurant, but Alamodak took on the challenge and we couldn't be happier with the results. 
Our students, faculty and community members were BLOWN AWAY by their amazing food! We had over 80 participants and they all loved the food, grabbed menus and couldn't wait to go to the restaurant. WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND Alamodak for their high quality food and phenomenal generosity.Food:
Kabob sandwich and falafel sandwich were very similar in filling. The filing was extremely good (creamy with fresh veggies). The falafel had a great spice to it that worked well with the filling. The kabob my husband ate and he is picky about fatty or grizzly pieces and said the meat was great. The "pita" is in the shape of a thin wrap which turns the sandwich into a longer sandwich and is easier to eat. The pita is a little toasted (I think) which kept the sandwich from getting mushy with the gap of time from picking it up to ordering it. AMAZING AMAZING! So excited to order from this place again. 
Place:
Great vibe. Spread out seating. We went during the heat wave and were greeted with bottles of water even though we were just picking up. Location is great since it's next to stateside (who doesn't like to eat and drink)!Food wasn't that good. The rice was very dry and the lamb chops were sweet and sour which I didn't expect from this place(not what I ordered for a Mediterranean place)  . Love the hookah but I won't be ordering food from here! Seemed like they just heated it up.So delicious - I had stuffed bell peppers which were amazing and hubby had kufta with tahini. So good and excellent serviceVegetarians beware! I understand it's common for restaurants to not have a separate grill for non-meat items, but this place clearly grilled my falafel wrap in lamb juice. It's not very good falafel to begin with, but this made it completely inedible. Avoid.Slow night, we were the only two people in the restaurant the whole half hour we were there. One to-go order was picked up during that same time. Our waitress was pleasant and the overall vibe of the restaurant was nice. Girlfriend ordered a salad and rice with vegetables, I ordered chicken shawarma over rice. We also got two lemonades, one with mint and one without which were great, but a little pricey for the serving size. For some reason the rice came out first on it's own, followed a few minutes later by the salad. Ten minutes after the rice first came out, the waitress brought my order, which was incorrect. I ended up with what I believe to be the chicken shawarma sandwich and fries, which I didn't make a fuss about and was admittedly pretty good, but nonetheless not what I ordered. The poor timing of the food getting to the table plus the fact that we were literally the only people there makes our experience even less acceptable. Don't think we'll be coming back, but I can't say the food itself was bad.I am also one of those people who would check yelp reviews before going to a restaurant. I mean why not, you trust all the 4.5 stars but it was not the case this time. We decided to make a family trip from NJ to PA and wanted to have a nice dinner at one of the local restaurants. We made a reservation to break our fast and wanted to try their ramadan buffet. The buffet only included a few items so we decided to order from the menu so we can try different things. We had to wait an hour and half to get our food. The appetizer came after the main course and the food was very dry & salty. After complaining about the salt to the manager, she basically ignored us completely. I had to go to the register and speak to her again. She told me the owner said that the food is not salty so we cant do anything. I was so mad at that point and asked her to try the food and then decide since you don't believe what a customer is telling you. Even though the owner ( Francisco) heard me talking but never came out to talk to me. After arguing for five minutes the manager took one of the entree off the cheque. Very pathetic customer service. Please don't waste your time and money at this place.This was my first time ordering from Alamodak and the food was delicious. Unfortunately, when I dug into my leftover kabobs, I was met with a large piece of plastic. Big bummer since we were planning on becoming frequent repeat customers.Really good food, I would recommend. The waitress was very cute and nice. I would go back again. I think they need to know their yelp deals a little better though if they are gunna offer them.Deliscious! Well priced, excellent service. The tomato kufta was amazing, we also had the mixed grill and appetizers. The vegetables were cooked and seasoned perfectly. Nice, clean space as well. Highly recommend!Major kudos to Francisco and his team for a fantastic evening of excellent food and service! I came here with a large group of (hungry) friends, and by the end of the evening we were all stuffed with delicious goodness of the Jordanian cuisine which Alamodak specializes. We had a number of vegetarian dishes, including the best hummus I've EVER had, the stuffed grape leaves, the Greek salad, the hot pink pickled turnip, an outrageously good quinoa-and-eggplant dish called maqdouse, the spicy foul medames dip, and falafel so fresh that the  steam burst right out when I cut one in half with my fork. Everything was ridiculously delicious, with fresh, high quality vegetables and spices. This is coming from a Greek girl; given the overlap between Middle Eastern and Greek cuisines (um, the Greek salad and dolmades we had) I've got high standards, and while the spice profile for many of the foods was unique, I was definitely able to appreciate the quality of the preparation of the different dishes. Next time I would definitely want to come back to try the grilled halloum cheese (if you've never had any, you don't know what you're missing) and the mamoneyah dessert sounds amazing too. Francisco, the owner, and his staff were wonderful about explaining all the details about all the dishes to my friends and me, and were very friendly and attentive to make sure that everyone was 100% happy with their experience here.
Alamodak is a BYO family restaurant downstairs, and the walls are decorated with the gorgeous portrait paintings done by Francisco's father, a really nice touch in a very comfortable, homey setting defined by elegant hardwood floors and furniture, and an open-window to the kitchen so that you can take a peek to watch as your food is being made. The full hookah lounge upstairs is filled with comfortable, plush couches, imported straight from Jordan, and the whole ambiance, further accented by more beautiful paintings and decorative touches, gives you the feeling of transported to the Middle East from within Old Kensington. On Saturday nights they have belly dancing performances, and probably the part I'm most excited about, international music for the patrons to dance to! AND I think they do karaoke on Friday nights! Thanks so much to my fellow Yelper friends Sari and Michelle for helping me discover what might now be my new favorite Philly restaurant!never again. service was the worst. we never got water until we asked twice and the staff never took our dirty plates off the table during our whole time there. food was extremely mediocre. we got the mixed grill and the french fries were the best thing on our plate. do not go here.I quite literally walked into the restaurant with five stars on my lips... I love being immersed in a middle eastern dining experience, I love the tea, I love the food, I had read the other reviews and was really excited! It lived up to my expectations in the olives, and the grilled houloomi cheese, which if you have never had it you must try. (A sidenote, the cheese was not actually grilled rather it was a deep-fried. Still exceptionally yummy). 
However the entrée failed to wow..... we ordered the large mixed grill to share, which advertises itself as having two steak kebabs, two steak cutlets, and three lamb chops. It actually had two chicken kebabs, two chop  steaks made from lamb, and two small lamb chops. The meat was fine actually, the small lamb chops were quite delicious. But it is strange to not get the plate you thought you had ordered.  You can either get fries or vegetables (we asked for both) and neither one was anything special, although not bad. its   just bizarre to me to not be able to get rice or couscous with kebabs at a middle eastern restaurant. So on the whole the entrée failed to deliver which was quite disappointing. 
At the end of the meal we did ask for the dessert --they have one specific dessert every day and it was lovely. However, I'm pretty sure the tea, although it came in a nice tea service, was brewed tea from a bag, like Lipton. 
One final note, the music is a little bit loud! The evening we were there we were the only ones in the restaurant and I found it a little offputting. 
I really wanted to love this place, I wanted to be blown away! Maybe that's coloring my review a little bit's. It was fine, it was a nice evening and we had a good time. Also my boyfriend did have an upset stomach when we got home.So. I drive by here a lot going to the gym. Thought to my self..self let's check the food out. Coming from a Lebanese and Syrian family, I was craving some good Middle Eastern food. In short, the food was really good. Great taste, hot and freshly made. Yeaaa home run. Wait!!! No exactly,  the witness was so incredibly disorganized and forgot every stage of my meal. LoL. And here is the kicker, I was the only table in there. 
Anyways, modestly priced. Good food. Really cool ambience as well. On my way out, I said good bye to some Pretty Middle Eastern young lady who looked at me like I was fucking nuts. So, I made sure to tell her to hVe. Great night. Still no reaction. I am sure she was upset about her horrible hair die job. Who knows. Try the place out. Why not.I am writing this review real time. We have been here for an hour. We asked three times for water. Twice for opening the wine bottles. They took 10 minutes to bring glasses for wine once it had been opened and we had to ask. They did not bring enough glasses. 
Two members of our party received and completed their entrees before anyone at the table got their appetizers. Four people have eaten their entire meals, three are missing apps.
We have now been here an hour and a half and two people have not received their meals at all. Hummus arrived after entrees and it arrived ice cold. 
The manager came, he gave excuses. He told us that they are very busy (there is one other table here). Lastly, he informed us that lamb takes very long to cook, that's why people are still missing their meals. Only two of those are lamb, and two other people have already eaten their lamb dishes.
We are waiting on the check and have been waiting 10 minutes. We were brought a free desert after we asked for the check. The desert came on a platter after  members of our party were standing up and putting their coats on.
This is absolutely unacceptable for any place of business. We made a reservation and arrived on time. This was very disappointing.The food is authentic and sooo good!!! Highly recommended. Good price and excellent serviceGreat BYO middle eastern spot near second and Cecile. Large portion sizes and delicious salads/ appetizers. Try em allThis place was amazing with a family restaurant on the lower level and a hookah lounge on the upper floor. The staff were fantastic and kind people. The shawarma was the best shawarma I've ever had, even better then I had in the middle east. Prices are good and you won't find a more friendly staff anywhere. If I lived in Philadelphia I'd be a regular. Keep up the good work!  I Look forward to coming again!Sad place tasteless food will never go back 
I went there for the food not the cancer causing smoke and it was sub parIf you consider Mediterranean food, dry kebabs on a bed of very salty fries that even the kids refuse to eat, and chicken adana also salty kebabs that come on a bed of soggy peppers and onion they call vegetables , enjoy it, we found management careless, appetizer took longer than dinner because they had to "make the chicken" for the hummus and the fries were salty because they use a "different type of salt" worst $70 dollars i have ever spent in my life, after waiting 75 mins for our food we left everything un-eaten, my guess is the reviews are forged , check very carefully! If you have had any kind of Mediterranean food even the bad kind don't go here! This place left the worst taste in my mouth both food wise and management wise, such a dump!Food was just okay. Nothing spectacular or worth going back to in this foodie neighborhoodThe food is delicious here, especially the hummus and other appetizers, platters, and gyros. I always crave the french fries which are a similar size and style to McDonalds fries but have delicious seasoning and taste much more fresh. The garlic sauce is my favorite to order on the side with the fries. I think the food is much more consistent during regular lunch and dinner times. I've gotten take out during unusual hours and noticed bit of a difference. Also with take out, make sure to be really clear with what you want to be included because a few times I assumed I would get pita and I didn't and had nothing to eat with my dips. It's a very relaxed restaurant in terms of service so you should make sure to call in advance with a large group.The food here is amazingly good.  They have many Middle Eastern dishes I have not seen in other Restaurants. I went on a Friday afternoon and after the luscious meal decided I had to come back that weekend to sample other dishes. The special was fresh Lebne with walnuts, pomegranate seeds, Zataar, olive oil and mint. My husband had the smoked meat sandwich. Both were delicious. 
I plan on inviting other people so we can share as many dishes as possible. The waitress was wonderful and very welcoming. The prices are more than reasonable.There is plenty of parking nearby.STAY AWAY , if u want good food go to liberty choice under the el on Berks, good food and good price.... 
Ima start off by saying thwhen it comes to food I have no problem what so every spending top $$ as long as it's worth it but this place is a joke... first off I order on the phone then when I get there I'm told they where extremely busy and it would take another 10 min (mind you only 2 people where inside since I was parked outside waiting majority of the time) I go to pay and the card machine just happens to be down and they conveniently had a ATM machine ...  I get my food and look in the bag and find $4.99 sad excuse of a knafa, when I said there isn't any cheese on here I was told they make it with yogurt and not cheese... ‍‍‍ that's like ordering a cheese cake and being told they use yogurt instead of cream cheese.... the server was extremely nice and apologetic , she was even taken by surprise when i notified her I was charged $4.99 for it , so much she went and grabbed me another piece...  at that moment I should of listened to my gut and asked for a refund but like a idiot I take the food and leave. When we get home and the food was just unbelievable these guys seem to try and cheap out on everything including the chickpea for the humas , I even tried to feed my dog the falafel so I wouldn't throw it in the trash and he would not eat it,  the babaganoosh was ok but the funny part is for all the food we got it looked like they took 1 slice of thin pita bread cut it into pieces rolled it into a ball then covered it with aluminum foil , out of everything the only thing that was actually really goodn was the chicken mandi.... other then that it was a horrible experience my whole thing is when it comes to food especially when it's a small business like this you should serve the food the same way you would expect to be served if you went out to eat , but this place just charges you an arm and a leg for food that's not worth the drive , wait or $2.50 atm fee for the restaurants card machine to be down. If this was my first experience with Arabic food I would never want to try it again.... in the picture the knafa looks 1000x better in the picture then in person, next to it i attached a real picture of knafa... I'm going to assume the page owner contested my post and it  was removed because I received an email that  they don't serve kanafa , I will attach photo proof that they actually in fact do serve it. My words to the business owner are if you don't want bad reviews then don't serve bad foodThis place is a must go!!!! great hookah... food is amazing and the staff was great. Lamb chops are really good!!Very laid back, hookah is on point, good food, Christina our server was friendly and did great service. Definitely recommend Almadoak restaurant!The customer service at Alamodak is great because there was only one person working and it took a little bit to get our hookahs out. But it was an enjoyable well worthwhile wait. They were able to make it up to us and had a great selection of music.Who knew we had authentic Jordanian cuisine right here in Philly? Thanks to Francisco and his kindness of welcoming a group of Yelpers into Alamodak for a tasting, now we know too. 
Alamodak is literally around the block as Fermentary Form and a hop skip and a jump from Evil Genius. They are BYOB so I see many Saturday brewery trips morphing into Jordanian dining trips after.
Jordanian cuisine is similar in concept to other Mediterranean/Middle Eastern styles. The spices are the biggest differentiators. Don't worry, spice haters- it's not too hot. Don't worry spice lovers, there's plenty of flavor.
We had a plethora of vegetarian appetizers including hummus, pickled veggies, grape leaves, Fattosh salad, Foul Madame and falafel.  
Not sure what some of that was? Neither did I until yesterday. The Fattosh salad was lettuce, cucumber, tomato, green pepper, onions, parsley, sumac, lemon olives oil and toasted bread. It was more cucumber, tomato and onion heavy versus anything else- which was a good thing. It was doused in the sumac, parsley and olive oil. It reminded me more of an Italian cucumber salad. A nice break from random stuff with letture. 
The Foul Madame is fava beans, olive oil, parsley, onion, garlic and lemon juice, and was HANDS DOWN my favorite. To steal wording from my non-actively Yelping husband, it was like a chili. We were able to dip it in bread, but I would've been fine with just a spoon. 
Our main course was this huge tray of rice and veggies. To be honest, I'm not sure exactly it is called. It's not on the online menu, and it was something you'd call in ahead of time. It's best split in a group since it is such a big size. The veggies were eggplant, onion and cauliflower and the rice was dense and filling. I couldn't pick out every flavor, but there was definitely a hint of cinnamon. 
Our tasting was all vegetarian, but there were meat dishes that absolutely piqued my interest for next time. The use of cheese, sauces and spices also seemed really interesting. The menu was quite intensive, so it'll take some time to get through everything if I don't always return in a big group. 
The restaurant was charming with authentic Jordanian decor and artwork by Francisco's father. There is a hookah lounge upstairs decorated similarly. It smelled lovely, had comfortable seats and a TV, which was currently playing soccer. I could imagine this being such a chill place for a game.
Francisco and his staff were truly accommodating, and welcomed us with open arms. They were happy to tell us Jordanian cuisine and the dishes. The atmosphere is warm and inviting- a place for friends to dine out for a night or families to have a nice meal. They are also on Grubhub; I envy those within delivery range.
I'm happy to have been introduced to Alamodak and can't agree more that it fits in well to the Philly food scene.I met some friends here for some hookah on a Saturday night, and when I arrived things were still pretty quiet. There was one other party in the main area, and I didn't really get a look at the extension to the room so hard to say there.
Following my entrance though, I and the people I was with just sat there waiting for service. After 15 minutes I waved a server over as she was passing to the room extension, which she had visited several times over the period, and finally ordered some hookah for our group. A friend ordered some pita and hummus, and a smoothie, and I seconded the latter. Another group member ordered some Shawarma.
At 15 minutes the Sharwarma arrived, which isn't bad, at 20 minutes the pita and hummus finally arrived, which, I hate to speak in absolutes, is unacceptable. Of course already using 'unacceptable' leaves me with a dearth of descriptors for the continuation of this review.
See, when the smoothies made it to us at minute 25, I had already affirmed with my companions "Hey, usually when we order hookah at a place we have it in like 5 minutes, right?" and indeed in that time we had seen parties that arrived after us receive their hookahs. I asked if our hookah order was still on and was told it was, just the coals were still heating up (our coals take longer to heat up?).
At minute 30 since our order, another group show up. They have three hookahs on their table by minute 35.
At 40 we get our first hookah, and the others finally follow inside of 5 minutes. On receipt of our hookah, my friend orders some more pita, which had gone quickly in the absence of our planned inhalations.
25 minutes after that, there is still no bread, so when the server makes a rare stop at our table to refresh our coals, my friend asks about it, and gets told something that none of us can really pin down about it still heating or something. At 45 minutes, still with no bread, she goes to the counter to inquire, and gets waved off in a similar fashion. At 60 minutes after ordering (I'm still not sure what to go with after expending 'unacceptable,' but this is definitely that) my friend returns to the counter asking to see a manager. The bread finally arrives, notably without manager, 5 minutes following, but my friend gets told they're sorry and will give her a free desert, which miraculously arrives in the following 10 minutes (though I suppose it was likely something frozen being heated).
Later, about a half hour after the point where my party would have asked for a check if anyone had stopped by, we went up to the counter to pay.
As we left, putting an evening of being treated with what felt like outright contempt given the comparison point of other parties in the establishment behind us (and having had the privilege of paying for it), I felt a sense of calm knowing I'd never have to have that experience again, since I would surely never return to Alamodak.I have never visited this restaurant (and never will) but my take out order experience has been horrible. The first time I ordered they called me and told me they were out of almost everything I ordered so I canceled. I gave it another shot and when I got my food it was the completely wrong order. When the driver came back he gave me another order and it was completely incorrect AGAIN. I called the restaurant and the woman told me her boss was going to deliver my correct order to me himself within 15-20 minutes. After an hour I called again and she told me if I wanted the food it was going to be another 45 minutes (as if our previous conversation never happened.) She also said she couldn't get in contact with me to tell me that and didn't have my number (even though I had called and placed an order...numerous times in one night.) Can't speak for dining in but if it's anything like ordering takeout I would 100% AVOID this place.Melissa was absolutely awesome! Super friendly and great service. Also, the food was really good with a great atmosphere. Highly recommend!Came here starving  after work on a latish Sunday night. Hummus app was great. Good lentil soup. Beautiful lamb kababs. Roasted veggies were delicious.Went out with friends and we had a blast! Dinner, hookah, drinks and karaoke. Lame with rice was tender and the hummus was delish!  Waitress was attentive and the food arrived hot and a big hit.  Will definitely return for round 2!Great middle eastern food. The best freshest I ever had in my life. Good service nice atmosphere too. Highly recommendI liked the food and I will be back with my family cause the cost is affordable and the waiter was very kind. The decoration was nice and is originally from Jordan.If i could give this place negative reviews i would.. came here to have a nice lunch.. the lentil soup was out of a can and my falafel was still frozen. I was in a rush so just swiped my card to pay the bill and left the server 8$ cash tip on the table and she was totally aware of that and still added a tip on my card without my permission.. when i called and asked for a refund they said okay and gave me one and then reversed it a week later like i would not notice.. be careful using your card here people this business is committing credit card fraud.... also they are buying good reviews on yelp by offering a free appetizer for writing them a good review!I ordered a bunch of dishes to get a nice variety and received some super questionable items! All the pieces of meat were either burnt or dry and it looked as those it was thrown in the containersAlamodak has the best hookah I've had thus far! The prices are reasonable and the food is great! Yum! Customer service can make or break a place, and I must say.... I have no complaints! CHRISTINA, CHRISTINA, CHRISTINA!! She has been our waitress a couple times and she is such a breath of fresh air... so sweet and accommodating! Thank you for always making our experience a lovely one!  You deserve recognition! I highly suggest this hookah lounge.Finally found a hookah lounge/Arabic restaurant that's super authentic. You have the food, middle eastern music, the whole Arabic vibe to it. I love it. 
The young lady who works there was very friendly and took a great care of us! Keep it up!Was in town for Wizard World Philly and craving Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food. Alamodak popped up in the list online, and after browsing the menu, took the plunge. Ordered the Alamodak falafel, Alamodak sandwich, large hummus, and Maqloobeh Cauilflawer special. 
I was not disappointed at all. The Maqloobeh Cauilflawer was, in a word, phenomenal. It came with essentially a 1/4 chicken that literally fell off the bone as I lifted it. Seasoned perfectly, super soft and not dry at all. I usually don't eat 1/4 chicken (have a thing about bones), but this was perfect. 
The Alamodak sandwich was just as good. Chose it over the burger, and the blend of flavors almost got us to order a second one just because. The pita was thin and toasted, which was perfect. 
Now there was one slip-up: while I had ordered hummus, I received labneh. I'd never had labneh before. And this was a most pleasant surprise, as the labneh complimented the rice in the special, worked perfectly as a dip for the sandwich, and tasted great just with pita itself. I would definitely order it again...in fact, I want to try it locally to me, to see if it's just as good. 
All in all, this place was worth the wait for dinner. Fantastic food. Fantastic flavor. And the delivery driver went above and beyond, calling to let me know when she left and where she was. Will definitely order from again next time I'm in Philly.Best hookah place in Philly! Matt made the best mint hookah I have ever had. Very attentive service and BYOB service is just perfect.We had a truly horrible experience here with a group of about 10-11 people. We had called ahead, made a reservation, and throughout our meal there were never more than 1-2 other tables (with no more than two or four people at any given time). After taking quite some time to take our order, the waiter brought out 1-2 items about every 20 minutes after doing so. In other words, a meal or appetizer for only one or two people would be brought out at a time while others had not yet received any food and were forced to just sit there. This continued on throughout the whole meal.  Several members in our party entirely finished their meals while others still had not yet received an appetizer or any part of their meals.  It was very odd and frustrating. We tried to be patient and polite, but after literally more than 1.5 hours of this, we complained with almost no apologies or concern shown by any of the wait staff or the on-duty male manager. It was very surprising to receive such a lack of concern in response as we tried to be a patient and polite as possible before feeling there was no choice, but to complain. In addition, we had to ask 2-3x for water then again several times for our BYO bottles of wine to be opened. In short, it was the worst dining experience I have had in Philadelphia and one of the worst experiences ever anywhere.
After the extremely long wait, the food was also extremely subpar; much of it was cold and almost flavorless (hummus) and my falafel seemed to be the quality of store-bought microwaved food. I had high hopes and wanted to like this place, but both the service and the food were extremely poor quality and it was so disappointing.  I am very surprised to see other positive ratings given how poor our experience was here. I would never return; the experience was so poor that I cannot see giving it another try especially given the very poor service and response received from both the staff and manager on duty. Definitely recommend steering clear and trying other options instead - there are PLENTY of other excellent Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food options in Philadelphia.Marvelous food and atmosphere. A very unusual dining experience, in all the best ways.Finally tried this place and I'm so impressed. I ordered two apps, an eggplant dip and a labneh dip and both were flavorful. Our table for the chicken schwarma Platter, gyro, Alamodak kebab and loved all three. The seasonings were perfect and everything was well cooked and moist. Food is awesome and authentic! BYOB and the waitress Melissa was very sweet and helpful!Ordered delivery from this restaurant on a Friday night. Delivery was quick, however the food was mediocre. Also, portion sizes were very small compared to what I have ordered from restaurants with similar cuisine in the same city. For the price, I would not order from again, especially because there are tastier options in the same city that provide larger portions.This is the best Mediterranean food I've ever had! The service is great and the food comes out fast! Trust me - this is a spot you need to check out.Amazing food and services, Christina was wonderful. A absolute hidden gem of Philly. Portion was generous and delicious. Highly recommend. We had the hummus and mixed grill. Mini golf next door that is byob and it is here as well which is perfect.Very chill and spacious. The hookahs are a good price but for every BYOB bottle you have the charge is $3 each bottle. The first time I went we took 4 beers with us and got charged $3 for each beer. But we learned our lesson and just took one bottle of wine the second time and cut our bill in half. I ordered the hummus which was good but the bread was a little soggy. My husband ordered the penne pasta and the dish was huge. Definitely a sharable size.I don't eat in not because the space isn't gorgeous but because I am a home body. I order food from this place all the time, I get the same things because it never disappoints. I love the lamb chops here and the hummus is always fresh. Not a disappointing menu either, I can't wait to dine in this Summer to let them know in person how much I like their food!The kinafe was so disgusting . The food wasn't all that . They didn't even have a plastic bag to give us for our leftover food . And the Arabic lady that fixes the hookah heads has a nasty attitude that makes a customer never want to come back !Hummus was great. Chicken was tasty. Huge amount for the price. Would recommend and eat again.I called and ordered right before closing they lock the door up and I thought I realize there was a mistake with my food I banged on the door they open back up I ended up being wrong in the situation and they still insisted on giving me more food even though I was wrong and I acknowledge that I was wrong. 
Great customer service wet and Bob and beyond when it was not necessary and the food was incredible would definitely go back and recommend to anyone who likes middle eastern food and falafel.This is one of our favorites for Hookah. They have a restaurant downstairs and a lounge upstairs for hookah. The best part is that the lounge is BYOB so you can carry your own beers and enjoy it with Hookah. The playlist is quiet basic on weekdays except Fridays when there is a dj playing songs for you and also take songs requests. It doesn't happen on every Friday so you should check with the restaurant before going in. Tried the french fries and pita bread with Hummus with drinks and it was delicious. It gives a perfect blend with hookah and also goes perfectly fine with a soft drink. They have a wide variety of hookah flavors and you can ask them to mix upto 3 flavors in same price. They have fruit heads for an extra $5. Sometimes the staff is really frustrated and the service is not what you might be expecting or maybe it was just for us so I have to take off one star for that. Otherwise its coolAmazing food great music selection and same goes for hookah flavors the staff is amazing and attentive. The hookah is open 12pm everyday and they don't charge for charcoal refills. Make sure you come and try the new Labnah they have its amazingPretty chill place my friends and I went there on a late night. The food was amazing the hookah was good but not as good as nyc hookah, but this place is still a nice place to hang out.I love the tabuli salad. And those cheese pies are probably going to kill me but they are like a mozzarella stick made love to a cheese dumpling and I love them. Especially dipped in that garlic aoli. 
The chicken is usually cooked just fine but can be a little fatty or tough. 
The hummus is good but could use more olive oil.The restaurant is beautiful and the people are super nice. The decor is gorgeous.Great place good food and fair prices!
Great lunch experience. Clean and not crowded.Hookah was AWFUL and they charged $85 for two hookahs. Completely overpriced for below average quality.This place is great.
We went for a bachelor party and the bachelor REALLY enjoyed himself
Im not the biggest hookah fan but they had good flavors and the hookah pulled well.
Food was great. We paid as a party so we had a buffet style spread.
This place is a 5 off the management alone. Very nice and welcoming. The owner even bought the groom a personal bottle of champagne. We've never met him before in our lives. That showed a-lot of characterThere are not a whole lot of reasons to visit this part of town, but Alamodak changes that. Connected to by the super hip Keystone Mini Golf and Stateside Distillery, Alamodak should not be overlooked. The food is infused with love, tradition, culture, and spices shipped directly from Jordan. You can get your Middle Eastern fix with a Jordanian twist on Hummus, Baba Ghanoug, Labneh, Chicken Schwarma, and....Penne Vodka?? You bet.
I came here with the Best Bite supper club and sampled some of the best food I've had in a minute. Everything was served fresh, and the flavors were INSANE! It was an incredible opportunity to indulge in a cuisine not commonly stumbled upon. Where else can you find spices directly from the source? The Jordanian family who owns and runs Alamodak is passionate about their craft, and it shows in the hand painted portraits that decorate the walls, and careful curation of delectable eats. 
I'd be hard pressed to pick a favorite dish. The Hummus with meal, Labneh, and Baba Ghanoug were all equally memorable in their texture and taste. I could easily make a meal of just those appetizers. The Magloobet Zahra, a dish of rice, fried cauliflower, potatoes, and some incredible sauce situation. Though non-traditional, the penne was very good, and the chicken scharwarma platter was delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. 
Undoubtedly the highlight, must-buy is their housemade Lemonade with Mint. It's INSANELY refreshing, enchanting, and smooth. Just trust me.
There's good street parking in the area, and there's a hookah lounge upstairs. If you're craving something different, I'd encourage a visit to Alamodak.Best Mediterranean food I've had in Philly. Way better than apricot stone which was my favorite until I found this place. Seriously total sleeper. Gyro is insane with crispy and soft warm pita. Alamodak kabob was insane and the chicken shawarma was like halal guys in NYC only way better.We love food and trying new places in general - but there is a special fondness that I have for Mediterranean and Middle Eastern foods - hummus, labneh, falafel, lamb kebabs, etc. are all things that I thoroughly enjoy and cannot seem to get enough of. 
We had seen Alamodak on Instagram and immediately wanted to give it a whirl. We are in the midst of this pandemic and don't have a car, so we opted for delivery. Not only did the food travel well, it was delicious - leaving me excited to try it again (and again and again). We went a little crazy with what we got - lamb kabab, labneh, hummus, a special labneh, some special dish, and more... so much stuff I cannot even remember everything. That said, nothing disappointed. Nothing at all. The lamb kebab was so good, I refused to share it... I know, selfish of me, but it was some of the best I have had in a long time. 
Engaging with the staff was easy, getting our food was easy, the food was great, and the prices were more than fair from where I sit. If you are craving some delish grub - I highly recommend you check Alamodak out!