I was excited about the rave reviews at Aldo Lamberti's and ordered a slice. The display was impressive with all sorts of interesting looking pies. 
I ended up picking the pesto, tomato and mozzarella pizza. It looked delicious on display, however on further inspection it was way too oily. Granted it was olive oil, but it was dripping off the pizza and made eating the slice a real pain at my gate.
It also made the crust somewhat soggy and took away from the texture of the pizza. It could have used a little more time reheating in the oven. Besides the oil issue, the ingredients were fresh and it still tasted good overall.
I guess my expectations were a bit inflated. I also probably picked the wrong pie. I definitely would return to give this place another chance.Ran all the way over from Terminal D to try this. It is all that they promised. Thank you, airport gods.Found this place via yelp, and the reviewers are correct.  Great customer service and their pizza is delicious, made from scratch.  Great to have a place like this in the airport.  Definitely check them out when you are around.Cute, friendly guys behind counter. Awesome pizza. Probably the best slice of buffalo chicken pizza I've come across in my life.The chicken pesto panini was delicious! It was ready in record time and tasted fresh to boot. Really hit the spot.I think this was a typical new York style pizza.  I haven't ever had new York style pizza before.  I was amazed at how thin it was. I prefer a crisper bottom crust, and I think new York style pizza isn't that way.  So I wasnt super thrilled with it.  The flavor was great.  I saw a very white cheese pizza and the guy said it had provolone and something else on it.  Little green basil sprinkles were on it too. It was mighty good.  I also ordered a plain cheese to compare it to,  and I wasn't thrilled over the flavor. So all in all,  I give it 3 stars.  The ppl love their job though. It really shows in their enthusiasm and heavy new York accents which might be fake ;)On the run to Puerto Rico and stopped by here to grab a quick bite. Their breakfast pizza was AWESOME!These guys actually care about making food. It's great to see a non-chain exist in an airport. The food was awesome and the selection was amazing. This place is a nice lil hidden gem.Been there. Ate that!
It was late last night, just changing flights, and Steve was still working. (He's always working.)
Thanks for a great slice of cheese pie! Good stuff!After a very disappointing flight cancellation on Sunday, I needed a quick bite to eat as I made plans for a hotel and new flight. This restaurant had delicious pizza and the sauce was incredible. I had a slice of sausage Margherita. Staff had a good sense of humor and service was quick.Such good pizza. Stop reading now and go buy some!!!
This place restores my faith in humanity.  Super nice and fast staff!Great food, friendly and very helpful service.  Margarita pizza was excellent and was the Cuban panini sandwich. A great find and sure to be a regular stop when traveling through PHL.Who would have thought that the best pizza would be in the airport? Pepperoni and sausage slice was so good!I'm not sure if all the 5 star reviews are warranted, and I'm certainly not prepared to state that "This is the best pizza I've had in 18 years" as one reviewer claimed, but I will say that, as far as airport pizzerias go, this place is pretty good, certainly better than the usual Sbarro.
I had a slice of mozzarella, tomato and pesto, along with a bottle of juice.  I got here at around 11:30 and it seemed the selection of pizza was a bit limited, perhaps because they are known for having decent food, or maybe I happened to get there just after a rush, but again, to me it seemed they didn't have much selection. Total price was just short of $9.00
This place works just like a handful of other express pizza places - The pies are all pre-made and pre-baked, when you arrive you simply tell them what you want and they heat it in the oven for a few moments.  
As one other reviewer mentioned, the slice I ordered was drizzled with olive oil, and thus, when I picked it up to eat it a chunk of the (fresh) tomato fell onto my lap, along with a big sloppy dollop of the olive oil.  Could've done without that.This is such a welcoming surprise and probably the best tasting restaurant I've ever had inside a domestic airport. The salciccia margarita pizza was really, really good. The ingredients tasted premium and the herbs are fresh enough that you can smell their scents. The crust had a great crunch. Seating area aren't the cleanest but reasonable. The guys behind the counter are always up for jokes.
Enjoy yourselves.Located roughly halfway down C concourse.  Best pizza at the airport, good quality food overall.  Salads and sandwiches are good as well.  30% discount for airport employees which is great.Fast & friendly service (thanks, Antimo!)
This is the best pizza ever. My slice had globs of ricotta, was loaded with cheese, and had the perfect amount of sauce. The dough was crispy AND doughy with just the right flavor. It's the best way to end my overindulgent trip. I went for another slice.If you are in terminal C, you need to stop and see these guys. Great food and great people.(4/1/2017) $4 per slice of pizza, quick, friendly and fresh. Pretty good for airport food! And no it's not an April Fool's joke :pThat was an AMAZING veggie pizza.  I mean, that thing was good. I'm looking up other locations in other cities. So damn good.Take the time to stop here!!   Family run business and it shows.  Fabulous pizza, tastes as good as it looks.  Staff warm, efficient, and wonderfully genuine.  The beautiful array of food lured me in amidst an arduous journey.  This simple experience turned my day around!  Grazie Mille !!
PixieCheese pizza! Loved it. I asked them to crisp my slice up a bit. This is one of those places that makes you forget you're eating airport food.Simply one of the worst airport restaurants I've  ever tried in my life. We had a panini, chicken caesar salad and a slice of pizza. The salad was simply disgusting and inedible, the pizza mediocre and the sandwich was boring. We threw most of it in the trash. It was ridiculously expensive to make matters worse. Would not eat there again if it was free. Try Caffe Famiglia if you are interested in decent Italian food at PHL. We ate there afterwards and it was pretty good.Best Pizza I have had in a LONG time! I may even just fly to Philly just to name the Margarita pizza!If you have to walk several terminals do it to get this pizza!  Just had the "white" cheese pizza. Would like to come back tomorrow for a panini - or have them open one if these in my Houston neighborhood!I just had myself the best slice of airport pizza ever. I was shocked but only for a moment as I began devouring my slice of cheesy goodness. The crust was perfect and the ingredients on my Haiwaiian was to die for.
This rivals even the best pizza restaurants around the country. I thought this to be a little bit hyped up due to the place being in an airport and usually airport food taste like crap but this is far from your average pizza. 
Order your pizza, sit down somewhere and enjoy this slice of heaven.
Well done Aldo, well done!Friendly service, solid food. I had a great panini & Caesar. Would happily come back next time I'm in the terminal.I'm sad it won't let me give more than 5 stars!!!!! 10/10!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
1. The pizza is to die for. The flavors are exceptional, the ingredients are fresh, and the portions are huge. My favorite is the pesto pizza with fresh tomatoes and mozzarella. 
2. The customer service is unlike anywhere else! I missed my connecting flight tonight and walked all the way across the airport to come get the specific pizza listed above. They didn't have it. I explained I missed my flight and I had time to spare, and his exact words were "I'm going to make your night, I'll have your pizza ready in about 10 minutes."  I got my pizza. 
Best. Night. Ever. 
I absolutely highly recommend this family owned joint, which is now my "forever eatery" when I'm in the Philadelphia airport/area.Good, greasy, and fattening east coast style pizza. That's right, you take that diet of yours and shove it because it's going down at this place. Most likely gonna be your last chance at good pizza before you get on a plane and head back to a place that probably doesn't do pizza well. 
Do it!Like everyone mentioned it was a pretty delicious pizza that was sold at an airport. I got a slice that filled me up for 5 dollars. What a steal! They have seating here.Definitely a 5 for airport food. Better than one of the expensive pizza places we just tried in Manhattan even. A bit pricey but worth it. The ricotta and spinach was good
But a bit too
Much spinach. Margarita was good too. Friendly people too.I'm a pizza lover. I don't care if it's genuine NY style- I love all pies based on their own merits.  But, I got a sausage, pepper, onion slice, which was super greasy and crust was way too floppy.  I would not go out of my way to return here, but I might stop there in a crunch and grab a margarita slice, which looked way less greasy.I wish they had a restaurant in CT! Best pizza and the cannoli is the best I ever had! Wish I flew through Philadelphia more oftenDelicious pizza, great service, decent airport prices. Crust is thin and crispy, flavors are exceptional and the guys behind the counter were efficient. Great pizza! Highly recommend when at PHL.I always have low expectations for airport food but this was surprisingly really good. Solid fresh slices and garlic knots. It's a bit pricey but pretty reasonable for an airport. Perfect quick bite when stopping through the Philadelphia airport.This place is solid. First thing I said was that it 'tastes like New York.' Can't speak to the quality of their other offerings, but the cheese pizza is dope. Staff is very friendly and the food is prepared quickly. Can't complain about pizza in a pitch. Strike that. Can't complain about pizza.Pros:
+ Convenient location
+ Fast food options
+ Healthy options as well
+ Service is great! - Friendly and quick for sure!
+ Delicious pizza - incredible options
Cons:
- Expensive for sure
- Tables can be a bit messy during crowded travel times
- limited seating and power outletsDid I just eat good food at an airport? Yes I did, and the service was extremely quick. Perfect for a quick bite between flights. The slices are big, but you still need at least two to fill a craving which can be a bit expensive (especially at airport prices). I really liked some of their specialty slices, and I'll definitely stop by here again the next time I'm connecting through PHL.Authentic. They use high quality ingredients and the crust on the pizza had a perfect balance of crunchy golden baked shell (not fried/greasy) with a doughy center.It's worth the walk even if you're not flying out of the C concourse.  PHL is studded with a lot of airport concession pitfalls if you succumb to tired feet or your growling stomach.  This is the only restaurant where I was greeted immediately by a friendly host who invited me to ask any questions should I have any.  The pizzas looked great, but heavy with cheese which I didn't want to risk before a long flight so I selected a Caprese sandwich.  A sign pronounces that each panini made fresh daily.  You can have it toasted, which I did, and then take it to go or sit at the nearby PHL provided Seating for Eating.  The bread is great.  Tomatoes are actually flavorful and they pack it full (but not overly so) with fresh mozzarella.  It can be a little messy so have a napkin handy.  I'll be back again when I'm there to work in PHL!Real Italian Philly pizza from guys who talk like they're straight out of the movie Grease and say "yo" and call girls "hun" and "babe" even when they aren't dating, that is the exception.... And only for breakfastThe pizza was absolutely fantastic. Warmed just enough. Had the four cheese and the margherita sausage. The cashier was so so polite even memorizing each customer's name. And the cannolli were equally delicious. Great spot for airport food.The guy talked me into the Big Mac pizza and it was awesome!!! I'll be stoping back here next time!!!5 stars for great service, excellent value, fast, helpful, highly enthusiastic and friendly staff, and the best pizza in America! Yes, I said it-- best in America. I've been looking for a pizza place comparable to how they make it in Italy and I found it finally in Philly!!! 
Pesto- thin and crispy crust topped with pesto, tomato sauce, mozzarella and fresh tomatoes. Amazing!!!! Must have for sure. 
Margherita with sausage (I lied, I forgot the name so I just made it up) - another amazing slice of pizza. It is like margherita with sausage. Although I can do without the sausage since it was a little bit salty but still tasty. The crust is just amazing and perfection!
Best airport food ever!!!Great selection of pizza and sandwiches available. Guy at the counter was friendly and gave great suggestions and service. Had the chicken teriyaki pizza, different but very tasty. Paid $9 for a slice and a water, kinda pricey but it is the airport!LOCALLY MADE pizza!!!  Phenomenal crust.  I had the sausage margarita pizza.  AMAZING.  Very friendly and nice staff - all locals and a ton of Philadelphia "brotherly" charm.   Cannot recommend highly enough.Definitely the best pizza I've had in an airport, and definitely in the running for best pizza I've had. Quick friendly service. Only downside is a small seating area that is shared with another restaurant.Really friendly people helping at both the pizza station as well as the panini and cold food section. 
Ordered a capresi panini - warmer up with a bit of balsamic glaze. Perfect food to take on the plane with you!! My friend ordered the salami panini - she said nice touch with the fresh bread!Some of the best pizza I've ever eaten, both times I've been here. Light, crispy crust with great flavor and a good crunch. Excellent quality ingredients, on both the standbys (cheese pizza; mushroom and pepperoni) as well as delicious alternatives (feta, pesto, and tomato; fig and goat cheese). 
Their paninis look great too, but I've always gotten the pizza. 
A fantastic find for an airport.This is the place to stop if you're traveling through the Philly airport.  I've been here a couple of times now and the paninis are excellent.  Also, if you have a sweet tooth like I do, don't miss the cannolis, one of the best cannolis I've had outside of Boston/New York.Mama Mia!  I used to hate this airport (food wise) but after eating at this place, I mean WOW!  The guys behind the counter were so nice, friendly, and super hot!  The Phili cheesesteak pizza and caprese salad were so yummy.  I eat out all the time and it's mostly pizza... By far this is the best pizza I've had in years.  Years!I found this place on Yelp and decided to try it, was so glad I did - it was definitely the best pizza I've had in an airport.  And it seemed relatively healthy!  I tried a slice of the margarita with sausage.  The slice size was decent, but it was so good that I wish I had gotten two slices.  A little pricy, but it was good!Walking down Terminal C, you are confronted with the normal bland food choices.  However, just past Gate C20, this Lamberti pizza counter shares a seating area with the Philly Steak & Gyro company.
Native Philadelphians will know the Lamberti name from their delicious namesake Italian restaurants.   But you don't need to be a native Philadelphian to know good pizza.
Lambertis tries really had with a wide variety of pies with exotic and unusual ingredients.   The quality is excellent,  the service is authentic,  and the prices are what you would expect for an airport.
Do yourself a favor and leave the Sbarro in the food court alone.   Lamberti is worth the stroll down the Terminal C concourse.Wow! Came through Philly after a week-long European vacation craving some authentic pizza. We were greeted by a charismatic gentleman, Raymond, who informed us that this is a family-run enterprise (unlike many of the other chains in the terminal) and they bake all their bread from scratch. The pizza by the slice selection ranges from an inventive bacon, ranch, banana pepper, sausage, tomato, cheese, to the authentic OG Margherita. To top it off, this man speaks fluent Italian! 
Airport food chains: take good notes here: the Lamberti secret isn't just in the pizza sauce, they care about every customer that walks up in need of Pizza before their long flight home.This is the best slice of pizza (Margarita) I have ever had in an airport. All the flavors came together very well. My only gripe is that the slice could have been a little hotter. Will definitely stop by again.I was lucky enough to notice this as I spent an hour in the airport.  I sure wish I could eat like this every day!   I am from NJ and live in CA and have tasted all kinds of pizza, I chose the pizza here because it was not fattening or greasy, though I read another reviewer found that here too.   This is healthy, tasty, and good for me and you and our planet.Not only the best airport food ever BUT the best pizza ever! I'm a Jersey girl so I know pizza. I was shocked at how delicious the bacon-cheeseburger slice was. (See photo) Like a gourmet Big Mac! The 3 gentleman working were also friendly & accommodating; welcoming every customer.since pros are already covered in rave reviews by other people i'll start with the cons :)
Cons:
- no tap water-only bottle water for $$. ridiculous.
- super slow
- don't get the parfait. it's pre-made, so even though the granola is sitting on top of the yogurt, it's been sitting there so long that it tastes stale-not at all crunchy. 
Pros:
- thank you yelp for suggesting an airport place that tastes good! when you eat there, you can tell they are one of the few airport dining options that realizes people will actually *eat* the food. in fact, this might be the best airport food i've ever eaten. it is ~$5 per very generous pizza slice with a crisp crust, cheese with a delicious saltiness, and mounds of fresh toppings (if you elect a topped pizza). we also got the chicken pesto sandwich, and the ingredients were fresh and flavorful. definitely setting the bar for all other "eateries" in airports!Absolutely delicious!!! Slice of pesto, ricotta, mozzarella was amazing. So fresh, made from scratch, and friendly!Good food in a clean restaurant served by people with coherent speech?  Give me another cup of coffee- this must be a jet-lag delusion!Best airport pizza I've ever had! Lots of fresh ingredients and super friendly owners/staff. I would definitely make it a point to stop here again on my way through PHL - highly recommend!Airport food is always hit or miss and overpriced. I found this place to be tasty and was happy with the value (at least relative to typical airport options). Was it the best and/or cheapest pizza I've ever had? Not quite, but it was really good. Great option and I would definitely go back. I had a huge slice of pizza and a chocolate cannoli. Delicious!I got a chicken pest sandwitch here before a flight once and it was much better than I expected. Will try again if I'm in the terminal.Best Airport Pizza I've every had.  Nothing like being served by the owners.   Great thin crust, fresh taste, great ingredients.   I've tried them all and I will journey over to Terminal C even if I have to come from Terminal F for a great slice and some of the other great food these folks have cooked up.In Terminal C at Philly airport, you could have another $10+ cheesesteak on your layover or a fresh, crisp salad with fresh roasted chicken for $10 from this family owned gem. Airport food is the worst but everything we tried here was surprisingly great. Cheese pizza was so yum I stole bites from my 2 year old. The cannoli was delish hours later on my flight with a cup of airline coffee. I prefer custard cannolis because I'm a snob and used to live in the North End neighborhood of Boston with access to amazing Italian food, but this was not bad at all.  I don't fly through Philly much, but if you do, this place is a big 2 thumbs up!!Either I had the pizza here on a off day or my fellow Yelpers are too travel fatigued to know what great NY pizza is. The pizza was certainly okay, with a good cheese to sauce ratio. But the crust, while thin, was too soft and the sauce lacked the spices and that slight tang that makes a remarkable slice. Still, it was a good enough slice in an airport and if I were here again and had  a pizza craving, I would certainly stop by. The location is right by the Philadelphia Marketplace in the airport at C terminal. Staff here is super sweet and friendly.Fresh ingredients and small menu (seasonal they say). Plus they don't rip you off. Loved my slice of pizza and panini.Absolutely delicious!! I'm visiting from San Francisco, first time in Philly! I Love pizza and happened to walk by this place around gate C 24 at the airport! I'm amazed by how many different choices they have and ready to go! Very cheesy and absolutely tasty! I wish I had taken a photo of my super delicious sliced pizza before finishing it in seconds! A slice is big but it's so good that I might get another one before hopping on the plane! Love Philly!The manager was so accommodating to our dietary restrictions. The food was hot and delicious. The bacon was thick! The portion size was great for the cost! Much appreciated!Amazing pizza & wings!! I had the bell pepper, sausage and onion slice of pizza and from the cheese to the crust it was fantastic! The baked  wings are beyond delicious! Bonus the men at the counter are so delightful and pleasant. The place to eat at Philadelphia International Airport.Terminal C.  This has to be the biggest breakfast in the airport for the money.  Scrambled egg platter with bacon is $10 and enough for two people.  Food is average in taste, but very generous which is why I added a star.This is probably the best food in the airport.  The pizza is unexpectedly good with a crisp crust, good cheese and a solid sauce!  You really can't go wrong with that.  Also, like the other reviews mentioned, the staff is pretty awesome.  Not your typical airport staff, they're actually friendly.  They convinced me to try the chocolate cannoli, it was totally worth it.  Huge and really fresh.  They don't make if till you order it, which really adds a great texture to the shell.  The cream wasn't the best I've had, but that doesn't change the fact that this is the best place you're going to eat at the Philly airport.Best airport pizza I have ever had. The crust was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The toppings tasted fresh, and the service was polite and very friendly.  The employees all seemed to be enjoying themselves.It's a slice of pizza.  It's better than sbarro, but so is an old shoe.  
Not sure why everyone is freaking out about it.  
Perhaps all the food options in PHL airport really suck.  
Had a slice of sausage, onion and pepper.  It was ok.  Crust was ok, toppings were ok, service was pleasant and it was quick.Very tasty and friendly of abrupt fast food. Excellent pizza if hard to eat without a fork!Best slice of pizza in 18 years.   Moved to the west from the east.   Oil dripping nice fold to eat.  No freaking knife and fork.  OyOne of the best places for airport food that I have experienced.  The food is excellent. It is one of the few places with breakfast at the airport. All panini bread for sandwiches is home made. Breakfast meals are excellent and large enough to share.  At the Philadelphia Airport, it is located right across from gate C24 in concourse C. 
I would have rated it a five star, but the employees were arguing with each other while preparing my sandwich. That was very unprofessional. They ended up putting cheese on my sandwich when I asked for no cheese. There is a seating area, but small. They also accept euro for those returning from a trip from Europe. 
We will be sure to return here when passing through the Philadelphia Airport in the future.Gorgeous pizzas. Mushroom slice very tasty. Some of the slices may be five star worthy but I didn't get to taste everything.Very efficient service; pizza is made daily on site and reheated at a moment's notice. It's not typical airport pizza and taste delicious. The margherita was greaseless, a thin mozzarella layer of cheese on the bottom, topped with mild tomato sauce and some some basil. Very fair for a generous slice at $4.50. 
It's worth going out of the way and even if you're in a rush, I watched them for 20 minutes as I ate, every order was fulfilled within 5 minutes of ordering. don't expect perfection, but this is so close to 5 stars.Used to be good. Food was cold (eggs) and I didn't even get my bagel they completely forgot about me yet when she handed my bag of food she said BAGEL IS IN THERE WITH EGGS. So disappointed I guess the employees don't really care.