The shame of it is, prior to their takeover by Urban Outfitters, this was one of the best places in the area. The food was amazing, drinks great, awesome atmosphere. Still a good drink place, but the food is horrible. 
As many have said on here, the wings are so-so. I've ordered them a few times and each time have gotten them in different states. None amazing, some average, and some underdone. 
The Mac and cheese was so-so and had fallen into the vain of way to many other ingredients than just mac and cheese. 
One of their amazing stapes used to be their honey glazed fried chicken. In the take over that was taken off the menu. Recently, fried chicken was added back on, but it was dry, not good, and something I'll steer clear from.
And the pasta, don't, just don't. 
As a place to go out to start the night for drinks. Perfect (thus the three stars). To hang out at, play pool, or just chill, it's still a good vibe to hang out at. But to go for dinner, way too many better options a stones throw away.
Originally I thought I was being overly critical when the change over happened because they changed the menu completely and even changed the format of the menu to something that was horribly confusing and tough to read. A few months later, they changed the menu back to the original format, and changed it up a tad bit. I get them going away from the high end gastropub vibe under the Vetri brand, but, even if you want to go in a different direction, see the quality of what your competitors are bringing to the table. Other gastropubs that don't have the amazing space you offer, the potential you bring. When the food was better, you couldn't keep me out of there, now, I try the food a few months hoping to get a semblance of what you brought to the table before. It's a great place with great potential still. Just get the food back to where it was. Please....We were a party of ten, which in my experience can mean the service is disjointed, not at Alla Spina, the service was excellent. Advise about ordering was very good and we were happy with the variety of small plates and entrees. The noise was a bit much, especially as it was self inflicted with music. We look forward to returning.as with Osteria,it didn't really work for me...Noisy room -OK, it's a brew pub-with strange,unappealing menu.Don't come here unless you really love meat.Everything I tried was over-salted...did I mention that a casual dinner for four ran well over $200-?I have been here a few times for just drinks.  Bartenders are always very friendly.  I recently attended the New Years Eve party.  They did a wonderful job.  It was a great crowd of people.  The food was amazing!  Everything was well hosted and organized.  I loved that Marc Vetri was there as well.  Best of all, right before midnight, I said to my friends, "It would be awesome if they brought out pizza right after midnight."  AND THEY DID!!  Happy new year to me!!  Thank you for a wonderful experience.  Happy 2016!!I really liked the atmosphere at Alla Spina but we might have been here on an off night and found the food to be a bit too salty.  The soft serve ice cream was delicious.
I'd try it again but would prefer return trips to Amis.Like the concept, like that it's filling North Broad with some life, like the food, and like the place.  I came in for a quick two beers and sandwich after being on the road for a bit, so was pretty tired and not in full review mode.  But everything seemed great, for just having opened.  Not the fairest of review, as I was still recovering from a head cold, so I couldn't taste all that much.  I'm not a mayonnaise fan, so if you aren't either, I'd tell them to hold the mayo on the veal Milanese hoagie.  Other than that, all decent stuff!  I'll definitely be back to give a more thorough review.The food here is delicious, and the decor is great. The craft beer selection is enough to please my boyfriend who is a definite beer snob and I enjoy the cocktails very much. The issues I have are portion size and pricing. The prices are outrageous considering how little food you get. To really fill up, you need to order at least two entrees per person, but the tiny little "entrees" are the price of what would be a full portion at other restaurants. We walked out having paid over $70 for dinner for two and were still hungry when we got home (granted, we each had one drink). I don't think I'll be back unless it is for happy hour.I've been waiting for the right moment to visit this place and it finally happened. What a GREAT spot! The menu is a welcome change for the whole "small plate" movement that's sweeping Philly. Favorites were- The Beer Cheese toast with Fried Egg & Bacon, Cucumber/Pepporcino salad, and the Potin (sp?) with Guinea Hen Ragu was freaking AMAZING!!! Was let down by the Veal Breast Milanese hoagie, it seemed to have been WANTING to be a really good Chicken Cutlet hoagie, but it was just wasn't happening. (Nothing beats a KILLER chicken cutlet). The Mortadella hot was surrounded by a claim of "It will be the BEST HOT DOG YOU EVER ATE" - sorry, but it's not. While the dog had a velvety, smooth taste, the condiments didn't "pop" like I expected. The beer list is very impressive and entirely over priced for the small pour. 
 Do NOT skip desert - The Choco Taco will BLOW YOUR MIND!!! The atmosphere is very cool, informal but not too informal. Our waitress (forget her name) was EXCELLENT!! I'll definitely be back to run through the rest of this very cool menu!Best bartender ever. He ran a block and a half after us to return a forgotten cell phone.I wen here for dinner with my husband. The beer selection was outstanding.  The food was also generally good.  Service was slow and just ok.  I will definitely return.If you are into shell fish order the prawns. Also the pretzel bread thing was pretty good.Live nearby and popped over for New Year's Day brunch. Needed a reservation but we called at 11:30am and got one for 12:15pm. Service was great, good ambiance, not insanely crowded.
Bloody Marys were very good: had a little kick but not too spicy, celery, lemon/lime, olives. I got the Testina Hash Poutine and it was great! Fries and mozz curds topped with two perfect sunny-side up eggs and soft, delicious pork. Perfect portion size too. Roomie got Polentu, which she's ordered a few times before with no complaints.
Prices are a little high for this to become a regular brunch spot (bloodys were $9, meals were $14-15) but you do pay for spectacular quality. Nice spot to come for special brunch occasions.Came here for happy hour on a weeknight.
Had $1 oysters/$1 chicken nuggets/pickled fried cauliflower-oysters were so fresh and tasty we ordered 2 more!
Cocktails were on point as well.
Service was friendly and timely.
Definitely coming back.I've been here a few times, and it's consistently decent. 
The service is always friendly- from hostesses to waiters, I've never had any issues. 
The atmosphere is on the hip side - it's in a big warehouse-style space. While it's cool, it's always pretty loud. Between the music and people in the space, it can be difficult to hear. 
They have an extensive drink menu and a lot of good beer (there's even a reserve menu). Mixed drink prices are around $11 or so. 
As far as the food goes, I've tried probably half the menu. 
The fried pickled cauliflower - tasty. Would recommend, and it's cheap during happy hour (until 6:30 pm). 
The pig tails and rib tips- meh. For $10, it's a small amount of meat, not worth it. Tastes okay- has a fruity accompaniment. 
The burgamo- pretty good, double party burger. 
The Reuben- underwhelming. Tends to be a messy, kind of sloppy take on a classic 
The pretzel bites - really yummy, only $3 with beer cheese during happy hour 
The bruschetta- tasty, but the bread to bruschetta ratio is off. It's a tiny amount of topping. 
As far as dessert, I've had their cannoli and their soft serve, both have been good.My husband was on the hunt for Italian food and somehow wanted to go here? I don't know about him sometimes. We took the kids here and I thought the restaurant looked very nice. Although the décor was nice, the lights were so dim! I don't know why these places keep it so dark during dinner. Little annoying. 
I was very underwhelmed by the menu. The burgers and sandwiches only came with a green salad or chips (bbq or salt/vingear). How odd! I asked for fries but had to buy them as a side instead. The four of us got some sandwiches, an order of fries, the pork ears, and polenta. My husband has a glass of wine and a beer. Total bill came out to just under $100. Talk about sticker shock. While my burger was delicious, I wouldn't come back due to how pricey it was. Maybe for happy hour but even the overall menu didn't interest me much.First off, the service here is impeccable. Came in for brunch a couple Sunday's ago (Mother's Day), and then again for a wedding this past Sunday. The food is amazing. Every time I come, no matter how full I am, the Choco taco is a MUST! It is a bit hard, but I wouldn't want ice cream to be "soft" per se. For brunch I ordered the carbonara burger and it was cooked perfectly (medium, which our server was sure to make us aware of). My friend had the avocado toast and she added egg to it. I was in awe. I stole the smallest bite and I could taste how fresh the avocado was. My mom had the pancakes because she's ordinary. Who knew plain pancakes could be so fluffy and full of perfection? And the donuts they give you with your water are mouthwatering. Our water glasses were always full. Always had a new drink, without having to ask for a refill. The hostess, I believe her name was Sharon?, was the sweetest thing. She got us a table outside right away even with the Mother's Day crowd and I made sure to compliment her outfit. Everyone, servers, workers, and even people dining, greeted us with a smile. Haven't felt a place as divine as this one in a while. Great job alla spina! We'll be back for sureCame here for happy hour with coworkers in November. Took advantage of the $2 draft beers and $3 pretzels. They have a solid beer menu and the pretzels were perfect for sharing. As for the rest of the menu, if you don't have an adventurous appetite, your options will definitely be limited. I was hungry and not in the mood to experiment with something new so I went halfsies on the beef tenderloin spiedini and maple glazed fried chicken. Both dishes were good, safe choices.What can I say? The Vetri Group nailed it. The ambiance was official. Not stuffy at all. There is graffiti on the walls and the beer selection was really good. I started with the homemade pretzels with the spicy beer cheese sauce on the side. The pretzels were really good. Fluffy and perfect mount of salt. The sauce was ridiculous. The spicy part was a little misleading as it wasn't spicy to me. Great flavor though. My girl had Prosciutto Cotto with poached pears and walnut pesto. It had great flavor and the cole slaw it came with was really good. That's coming from someone who doesn't eat cole slaw. For dinner I had the North Philly Sausage Cheesesteak. I crushed that sandwich. The sausage was chopped up and they put the same cheese sauce for the homemade pretzel on the hoagie. It had fried onions and it came on a homemade pretzel bread. Ridiculous. My girl had the pork cheek gnocchi which also was really good. The food overall was perfect. My girl had wine also but I am not a wine guy so I have no idea what she drank.We came for the marathon weekend and made reservations. The hostess was gracious and prompt, the beer and food delicious (Mac and Cheese A++). The general manager Ryan visited our table with genuine conversation and thank you. Fantastic experience!Ive been back for a really good meal.  I learned not to bring non-meat eating friends and the dishes I shared on my return were really good.  I had a chance to sit outside on a nice summer night and enjoyed that a lot more than the graffiti bar decor inside.I've never wrote a review before, but felt it was necessary for this restaurant.  We will NOT return....sub par food and costly for what you get.  We visited Alla Spina on the Friday of opening week.
My boyfriend and I are HUGE fans of Marc Vetri restaurants (Vetri, Amis) and thought the concept of an Italian gastropub was incredible.  While the concept is still incredible, the food is very lack luster.  We were not going there looking for food like Vetri or Amis, but expected better food than what was served....
Our table had the following dishes:
House made pretzel with beer cheese
Veal riblets
Pig pot pie
Swordfish BLT
Mortadella hot dog
Italian lasagna
Oysters
Aside from the amazing oysters and the swordfish BLT, the rest of the dishes were absent of flavor (except for the flavor of salt).  I've had better beer cheese at a no-name hole-in-the-wall pub.  The veal riblets had NO meat on them.  We were literally trying to pick strands of meat off the fatty bones.  My guess is there was approximately 1 teaspoon full of meat on the bones of the $14 dish.  The pig pot pie crust was good, but the filling was destroyed by an excessive use of salt.  We took a few bites of the lasagna and then noticed the meat looked very undercooked; needless to say, both of us were sick last night.  
The Italian beer selection is great, but seems a bit pricey when a 12 oz beer costs $10-14 on average. I would suggest having some kind of beer specials to help draw more people in, because I can tell you the food will not.   Our tab was $200+ and I still left there hungry.  
Our party of 4 all agreed that we would not return for the food, but might consider going back for a drink.2.5/5 Overall, we enjoyed the Alla Spina semi-outdoor space and found it perfect for a summer evening. We arrived around 5 and the bartender was a bit flustered, although there weren't many people in the restaurant. He spoke harshly and loudly to the kitchen staff, which was off-putting. It was unprofessional for customers to witness such discontent among the staff. The oysters were good and affordable. We were a bit confused as to what was included in the happy hour drink menu and ended up selecting full-priced drinks. The $14 wine was a bit underwhelming, but the mixed drink was well-crafted, although too bitter for me. We might give it another try.Our group was in Philly for a bachelorette party! We wanted a private party room or area for our group of 13 and some place that was casual with comfort food. Eileen was the party planner for the restaurant and she was super helpful. She helped pick the menu prior to the meal and we were able to customize the apps, entrees, and dessert. We made it so the first hour was open bar with beer and wine. Price per person with tip and tax was $65/person.
Our reservation was at 8pm and the private area was upstairs above the rest of the restaurant. Our waiter was Dominick and he was super attentive. He took our drink order and then started serving our meal. We had mini pretzels with cheese sauce, French fries and chicken tenders for an app. It was all served family style however there was enough for everyone to have more than one of everything. The pretzels were good however were not served with enough cheese sauce. We also wish there were more chicken tenders, but again we realize this was the app. For entree we had mini sliders, salad, Mac and cheese and chicken sandwiches. Dessert was the BEST with choco tacos and chocolate raviolis (which were filled with raspberry jam and served with cannoli dip). 
Overall, our meal was a success! The wait staff was amazing and the quantity of food was unreal. Dominick was awesome and boxed everything up so we could finish the rest after we returned from our drunk escapade. Being from NYC, I'm super critical and this place did a phenomenal job!On a Saturday Night this place is really hopping. I would suggest reservations.We arrived early on a Saturday and the bar was already filled to capacity, every table was filled. I noticed a lot of groups of seemingly single folks of both genders. I can surmise that this is a good place to meet potential mates. There was almost a singles bar vibe at the bar itself. The dinning area has a few large tables but mostly two seaters( this may have changed since I went in the summer)  so if there are large groups at the bar and smaller tables in the dinning area I can only assume people meet up and split into more intimate situations for dinner.
So, you fancy free kids, who are looking for a cool spot to meet someone new, this may be your spot.
None of this applies to me. I can say that I enjoyed all the foods i sampled. The fried chicken was up there with the best in the city. I liked the poutine a bunch but it is very salty. I suggest the peppered kale, especially with the poutine. they go together like, well... salt and pepper.
 I look forward to going back, maybe on a weeknight to see if there is a more chill vibe, cause on a Saturday night, " there ain't no stoppin the cretins from hoppin".Great food, excellent service and impeccable beer selection!
Fried pickled cauliflower, pig head bruschetta, crispy pig tails and shepherds pie were all excellent.I'm just ok with it.  I like the atmosphere and love the North Broad location. The prices are surprisingly reasonable and the beer selection is ample.  As for the food, it was ok.  The house made pickle was a stand out, as for the other options I sampled, I was underwhelmed.  The pretzel bites were good, but they are pretzel bites all the same.  The polenta balls were bland, the house chips were heavy and the veggie burger/pancake was overshadowed by the abundance of garnish.  
I'm just realizing now everything I had was vegetarian and I'm not a vegetarian.  Perhaps I'll revisit and focus my attention on the meat.  Expect a follow-up.Came here for dinner the night before the Philadelphia Marathon. We first tried Osteria down the street, but it was full and the hostess sent us to this sister restaurant. We could barely get the attention of our servers (different people took our orders, brought food, and got the check) and they were brusque and unfriendly. My dad got a tiny beef tenderloin salad drenched in oil ($19!) and my mom's pork chop was equally dripping with oil. Most of it was bone, definitely not worth $18. My $12 veggie burger was the best dish, but that's not rest saying much, as the patty just tasted like mashed beets. All in all, a very disappointing meal.This update is for last month's Iron Chef Throwback Thursday. The rigatoni with veal ragu and mustard greens was hands down the best thing I've ever had here! Makes sense since it was one of the dishes Vetri won Iron Chef with. Wish they had this more often and that I could've tried all three of the dishes.I've only been for happy hour, but I think it's great.  They have top notch beer for low notch prices.  It's 430-7pm, so you can really tie a load on, too.  We had the 1$ oysters, pretzel bites and hot dog.  Service was great, the bartender was super cool.  Nice to have a staff without the pretentious, Philly hipster attitude.  I don't need that shit, ever!  
I seriously can't think of any reason to NOT recommend this place for happy hour.Pretty good polenta and kale salad ! The mushroom and onion rings are to die ! Try this place out and is open late!!My boyfriend and I came her for dinner last week after hearing such great things about the restaurant. We can't disagree. Our food was delicious and the menu was great. Some of the appetizers were overpriced, but what do you expect in the city!Alla Spina is one of the top restaurants in Philadelphia.  The service, food, and ambiance are all top notch.  Don't hesitate to visit.Great vibe and music. Spectacular Pork---nose to tail, literally! Great and knowledgeable staff, The most affordable vetri establishment.I went here for Grand Opening and i recently went back about 5 months ago for the second time
both visits , i ordered the "swordfish "blt" with basil maionese and guanciale" because i'm in love with it lol 
the waitress i had was the same girl that took my orders on both visits, i forgot her name but she was very friendly and quick with my orders
my experience there was excellent and i would be coming back in the futureWe had the fried chicken and fish tacos- both awesome! The ambiance here is great, highly recommend.My boy and I went to the bar for happy hour two Fridays ago and had a fabulous time. I have tried oysters once or twice before and barely choked them down, but the oysters at Alla Spina were delicious.  With the accompanying sauces and the buck a shuck prices, I was in heaven.  We also got the lemon parmesan wings which were great; a unique, tangy, and tasty twist on traditional wings.  Finally, they gave us the pretzels and dip on the house (apparently my boyfriend knows everyone everywhere) and I couldn't keep my hands off those either.  Pair all of this with an awesome craft beer selection, and you're in HH heaven!  I definitely want to go back ASAP.Their happy hour is the best! Pig head bruschetta, oysters, pretzels, fries, and beer selection!!
For dinner, their fried chicken is good.
Service is always good- when pregnant they accommodated my dietary restrictions and now they accommodate the stroller i schlep in.Came here for dinner with family.  The menu is limited however the food was great. The pretzel goes great with your choices of beer.  I had the cheese steak which i enjoyed but the cheese was too salty for my taste. It must be the beer infused cheese.  I would recommand getting the pig head.  That dish is very unique and i don't see it being served anywhere.  If you are going to get the pig head make sure you call in advance because they will have have a couple for the weekend and it seems to go pretty fast. But of you let them know at the beginning of the week they will make sure you have it for your reservation.We were one of the first 10 tables of opening night. much anticipated, mainly because we are fans of Vetri's and had high expectations- but reasonable.  The menu is SO unique, that you can't find anything that you'd actually eat and stomach.  We ordered just about everything on the menu and sampled it all. Most of the food was greasy, heavy, and if it weren't for the sides (like the cheese for the pretzel bites) the food would be "meh".... I'd never say to my boyfriend, "Hey! Wanna go to Alla Spina for dinner??" My favs were (if I had to name a couple) Mortadello hotdog, tallegio grilled cheese, and stuffed pepper.  But again, there's a twist on every dish.  Underwhelmed with the food.
Positives: The staff and service are equal to Vetri's.. EXTREMELY accommodating and friendly and knowledgable!! The beer and cocktails are awesome! DEF a place I'd go for drinks. The atmosphere is awesome.
But, the food is a complete letdown and if I didn't already know, I'd have never believe Vetri was behind this place. Overall, check it out for the beer if nothing else.I really, really wanted to like this place, but I found everything extremely heavy without enough flavor to warrant the abuse on my body.  I was also disturbed by the ungrammatical (and sometimes misspelled) Italian that was used on the coasters, the servers shirts, and the menu -- it's like they stuck it in Google translate and said, "good enough!"
I was also annoyed by the envelopes our silverware came in - our server admitted that they are often used only once or twice: unnecessarily ungreen.  And then the napkins... They were dishrags (what my Sicilian grandmother would have called a "moppina") that, I hope, had been antiqued.  By the end of dinner, everyone had white fuzzies all over the place from the cheap napkins.
So, the food... one of my friends had the crudo di carne of the day, which was very good.  Someone else had the pretzel bites with beer-cheese, which was also good (but not a reason to go to a restaurant).  I had the "involtini del muratore" (which means "bricklayer's involtini" - literally, the food that belongs to the bricklayer and someone stole to put on my plate -- as opposed to "involtini AL muratore" - in the style of food a bricklayer might eat... but I digress).  This was recommended by the server, and consisted of cheese wrapped in mortadella, which was breaded and fried.  It wasn't greasy at all, which was great, but kind of just tasted like a mozzarella stick - I think another type of cheese would have made the flavor of the mortadella come out. 
I then had the "bolognese" poutine.  I have no idea what was supposed to be bolognese about it... it was just poutine - some French fries, nondescript gravy, and rubbery, flavorless mozzarella "curds."  On the top was a small amount of  ground meat, which was described as the incredibly pretentious sounding "guinea hen leg meat," but might as well have been ground pork.  Again, it was ok, but definitely not worth the calories.  
A fellow raved about the maple fried chicken, and my partner seemed to like his pork pot pie.  I tasted it, and it was ok, but I wouldn't want more than a bite.
Dessert was decent - I had what the menu called "fiordilatte" soft serve (instead of "fior di latte") "drowned" in a raspberry lambic.  Think an adult version of a root beer float.
All in all, I was underwhelmed and a little scared at how much weight I may have gained from dinner.  I'm not going to be rushing back to this place, but I won't avoid it, either.Been here three times now.  Love the pigs head, pretzels and cheese, and pork pot pie.  Fried chicken and banh mi are just okay.
This place has a great atmosphere, unique cocktails (I like the one with the lemon sherbet), and good service.  Last time we tried the homemade softserve - grape and fior di latte twist.  So delicious.  
As I'm writing this, I'm realizing I need to go back.  Soon.This is Marc Vetri's new restaurant for a younger, hipper crowd. When you walk in, the place has a modern feel to it, you can see a lot of metal decor with metal chairs. And I think the bright red and yellow colors are supposed to remind you of the happier days of Chuck E. Cheese. We walked in and there weren't many people eating there but as we dined, every table filled up. Our waittress was very helpful. She was very friendly and answered all of our questions knowledgeably.
We started off with the "schisola" polenta stuffed with taleggio cheese. Polenta is a type of cornmeal and lately, I've been seeing it used more and more as coating for deep fried foods. Taleggio is a mild Italian cheese which is good for Joe cuz he's not a big fan of stinky cheese like I am. Overall, this dish was a great starter. Joe and I were fighting over the last one. We decided to amicably split the last one.
Our next dish was potato gnocchi with gorgonzola fonduta.  I didn't expect any less than the quality gnocchi we got from Vetri! And the gorgonzola was perfect for me but a little too strong but Joe. The gnocchi was so soft and smooth and the gorgonzola had the perfect bite to it.
The special of the night was a roast pork. The meat was so juicy and tender. Joe was convinced that the marinade had asian influences aka soy sauce. We could barely lift our forks by the time we were done eating because we were so stuffed! The food tonight was amazing and we couldn't have done it without the waittress's great advice.Unfortunately I have to say it was just ok.  Thought there were some exciting dishes on the menu the only thing I loved were the appetizers we had.  The crudo was amazing.  The pasta wasn't very good.  In fact I couldn't even find the pasta in my pasta dish.  All cheese and sauce.  The milanese was less than I hoped for.  It has potential but it just didn't do it for me.  This is the first vetri restaurant that got 3 or less stars by me. :-(I came here with some of my family, to show them a bit of Philly, and I kind of wish I showed them somewhere else. I figured because it was so pricy, the food should be amazing, but everything we tried wasn't worth the money. We really liked their fries and that's pretty much it. We came on a Sunday afternoon, and was sad to find out that although it's supposed to be italian, that was all on their second menu, not available until 3. The reason why they deserve two stars is because of the service. The waiters were meh and it just took forever to get our food, even though we were just a party of four. Then when the food did come out, my frittata was not a part of the batch. About 20 mins later, my frittata plus a repeat of everyone else's meals came out because they messed up. So free food was nice, but I recommend just getting it right the first time.I was at Alla Spina for the FLX Wienery Pop Up during Philly Wine Week.  The event was awesome and the staff was great.  The restaurant was still really busy when I arrived around 10pm. 
We ordered half food off of the FLX menu and half off of Alla Spina's menu.  Everything was well executed and tasty.  The pretzel bites were are standout.  The beer list was really interesting and inventive.  It's tough to stand out with beer in Philly, but they did it!
The hospitality is what really brought it home.  Chef Julie and Beverage Director Steve Wildly were really great.  Both were very approachable.   It was clear that they have a passion for the business. 
Bravo.  I'll be back often.Dishes Sampled Include:
Sotto Aceit House Made Pickles - Peppers, Asparagus, Hearts of Palm
Oyster Mushrooms Trifolati
Housemade Pretzels with Spicy Beer Cheese
Schisola Polenta Stuffed with Taleggio Cheese
Testina Pig Sticks with Salsa Rossa
Poutine with Guinea Hen Leg Bolognese and Mozzarella Curd
Pork Rillette with Spring Onions and Rye Beer Bread
Pig Tails with Fennel Agrodolce
Crispy Sunchokes with Sea Salt
Mortadella hotdog with Spicy Pickles and Cabbage Relish with Vinegar Chips
Dark Chocolate Budino S'mores with Graham Cracker Cookie, Brulee Marshmallows
Donut Bread Pudding
Pistachio Meringata
La Colombe Coffee
Admittedly a fan of Marc Vetri and impressed by the food at all three of his previous restaurant there was little doubt I'd visit Alla Spina during my trip to Philadelphia for AACE 2012 and as it happened I actually visited twice - once after the Thrice show at the Electric Factory on 5/25 and once before dinner at Vetri's eponymous crown jewel on 5/26.  A large, open space with an industrial yet rustic aesthetic and a strong focus on snacks, bar food, and a bar program Alla Spina is without a doubt the most "casual" of the Vetri restaurants and yet the service, food, and overall experience remain distinct to the chef; a remarkable feat rarely accomplished to such high standards.  With Chef Vetri in the house both nights - sometimes cooking, sometimes chatting, and both times stopping by my table and those around me to chat the environment is energetic without being chaotic, the food "street" without being "grubby," and the service - both nights from a young lady named Allison - outstripping far longer established restaurants.  
From happy hour to after hours and from pickles to pork and even dessert my sampling of the menu during the two visits (one with a friend) ranged a number of items and save for some slightly greasy sunchokes and a bread pudding that would have been better with something to balance its intense sweetness every dish was excellent - particularly the well balanced poutine, Vetri Restaurant quality polenta, and showstopping meringata; one of the lightest and most flavorful desserts I tasted in 2012.Excellent beer list, especially some hard to find Italian beers. Had the pretzel bites with beer cheese......OMG!! Amazing is all I have to say.Rly disappointing... Pork rillette was my fav thing. Prawns weren't bad but i wouldnt get them again. Fries were good... Pretzels were ok... 
Watercress & asparagus salad was a total waste of money. 
The chocolate-covered bacon sundae that sounds phenomenal was the most disappointing dessert i've ever had... The soft serve tasted like nothing, pretzels tasted like croutons, choc. covered bacon was chewy instead of crispy... But the pistachio meringata was good. :/ 
Our desserts took just under 20 minutes & we received a half-ass apology from our server... Who was honestly the worst one I've ever had... I mean unforgivably bad. I've never seen anyone show how much they don't care.
On the way out I noticed there were about 12 tables so they werent slammed or anything. 
I wouldnt go back.
I wish there was a "nothing" check-box where it says "Good For:" in the additional tips on this business.A good mix of craft beer, fancy pub fare, affordability, and atmosphere. I bring visitors here when I want to share a few interesting beers, throw back a few appetizers, people watch, and have a well-prepared but not overly lavish meal for under $100.
Service is generally great, the crowd is a pleasant mix of young and old, and it isn't difficult to get a table.What are you looking for? The next local gastropub with shiny counters and slightly off taste cuisine, or something comparable to local favorites such as St. Stevens Green, the Green Room, and the Belgian. If your answer is the former I would say you came to a great spot. However, if your answer is the later, Id recommend staying back and returning to your local favorites.
Pros: great ambience, draft list, and oysters. Oh and the bathrooms!
Cons: impersonal staff, wait time, tiny glasses.Checked out Alla Spina with a bunch of friends Friday night. We had the best table in the house: it was on the second floor and overlooked the dining room! As one of my dining companions commented, "This does not feel like Philadelphia." And it certainly didn't. The lay-out of the restaurant is very open, very hip and very approachable. It was hopping on a rainy Friday, which I think says a lot. Most city-dwellers would need to take a cab to Alla Spina, but by the packed tables and bars, they clearly think it is worth it.
The menu was written by a man, for a man with a lot of meat, fried foods and cheese. That said, the girls at the table did not go hungry. Our table tried many different appetizers and a few entrees. Highlights included the grilled cheese, the prosciutto, the crispelle, the lasagna, the soft pretzels and the pot pie. The boys seemed to love the pig tail, the oysters and the fried chicken. 
Our server was really great, making sure that the 30-week preggo lady (me) had a constant supply of cranberry and seltzer and also checked on us constantly. You can also send the kitchen a six pack of beer for 10 dollars, which we did, and he let me ring the bell to signal this.
I think the ambience of Alla Spina is pretty great. If I go back, I am going to get a grilled cheese and not share.Alla Spina is a nice pork focused restaurant on North Broad.  The room is very nice although some of the tables can be right on top of each other.  The room is also pretty loud, so I wouldn't go here if you're looking for an intimate occasion.
Overall the food was solid, but it didn't blow me.  They had a decent drink list as well.  Parking can be a little tough in this area.I want this place to be great. I live down the street, they have great beer (most of the time), pool table, nice outdoor section, and a friendly staff.... Unfortunately, they seem to let you down every time. They haven't seemed to figure out a dish that makes you want to go there (except for their biscuit!). A whole lot of okay food (under cooked wings, undercooked fried chicken, salty everything... come on, just be better) but when I want to grab drinks with a friend, it comes down to, "Alla Spina?"... "No, I'm hungry- let's go somewhere else". 
2 stars are for the beer and the other goes to the staff.Choco-f#%king-taco, smoked duck Reuben, and get two orders of the sauerkraut fritters. Yum.Have been wanting to come here for a while since it's been on Philly's top 50 restaurants, and ended up here on a whim. Came with a party of 14 with no reservation, but they were still very accommodating. 
Here, they take your basic items, like reuben or cheesesteak, and put a nice twist on it. The reuben is made with duck, and the cheesesteak is made with pretzel instead of regular bread. I got their maple glaze fried chicken, which was probably the crispiest fried chicken I've ever had, even with the glaze. 
However, with the nice twist that sets these items apart comes the higher price tag. Sandwiches, which come with chips, ends up around ~$20 with tip and tax. However, they DO have happy hour, which I plan on returning then!I really enjoyed most aspects of my first Alla Spina experience. Dining partner and I came here on a Sunday around 6:30pm. We were moderately hungry and decided to split several small plates which included the pretzel bites with beer cheese; street corn with bbq maionese, Parmesan and parsley; crab and horseradish deviled eggs; and the baked Parmesan oysters. I've never had oysters prior to this but they looked so good I had to try them. I was not disappointed and I can't believe I've been missing out all these years. The deviled eggs again (like Percy Street BBQ) came out in 3 halves. It took two whole eggs to make three halves, where is the other half and why can't I eat it? I don't even remember how they tasted, because I was so perplexed at the serving portion. I ended up wiping a lot of the Parmesan off the street corn because it was a bit overpowering. The pretzels and cheese were good. For dessert we had the homemade choco taco and donut bread pudding, both good. Our server was very attentive in clearing plates as we finished each dish and refilling our drinks. While nothing other than the oysters really stood out, there are several other apps and entrees I'd like to try on the menu, so I'll be back!Round 2 at Alla Spina didn't impress quite as much as brunch did, but still offered unique, tasty animal-centric fare that can't really be found elsewhere. Service, as always, was excellent; our waitress was helpful and cool with letting us order at our leisure. The biggest miss of the evening unfortunately was the first dish that came out, the rabbit terrine. Though playfully served alongside some pickled carrots (wink), it lacked a distinctive taste and the portion was scant.
Things got better quickly though, all the plates thereafter ranged from decent to awesome. The hits included pillowy, creamy gnocchi delicately seared and served with corn (the best I've had) and shatteringly crisp, juicy fried chicken with a perfectly sweet maple glaze. The good but not excellent dishes comprised fried pig tails (tangy-sweet fennel agrodolce to cut the richness but difficult to eat) and poutine (pleasantly gamey guinea hen bolognese unfortunately paired with insipid curds and slightly limp fries).
The dinner crowd here is crazy loud, which restricted conversation somewhat. The unique cocktails are worth a try (especially the disgusting-sounding but puzzlingly tasty beer shakes), but most of the food pairs best with beer. Alla Spina's dinner fare didn't satisfy me as much as their excellent brunch, but still filled us up nicely without excessive expense (we were stuffed and tipsy at $40 a head). It's thus a fairly good option for a beer-focused dinner or an excellent option for brunch (see my previous review).Went here on a bar crawl. The staff was visibly upset, wasn't warm, and we left before we even ordered a single drink. Our presence seemed like a general annoyance. Bummer!Very unique cool craft selection. Food was ok but took a while to be delivered with a not so busy Tuesday evening.How is this place still in business. First of all the service is abysmal. Our server had the memory of a gold fish and couldn't fulfill simple requests for water, extra syrup, etc. The service was slow, infrequent and had a complete disregard for hospitality. However, the service was exceptional compared to culinary disaster they call food. I order the steak and eggs. I received terrible quality meat that was burnt on the outside and rare on the inside. Egg? What egg? No egg was served only egg residue over swiss chard! The worst part was this was how this dish was suppose to be prepared. It was an insult and a travesty to serve this item. Our party of 5, every dish was sub par and was not cooked to order. Have it your way is not something this establishment understands. This is also insulting to our collective intelligence that the chef knows more about how the dish should be prepared than the customer. The only redeeming quality was the Doughnut Misto that while dry and meager, was tasteful. I would rather get punched in the face, have my wallet stolen and be sodomized than to step foot in this hipster cesspool again. Avoid!Alla Spina is a great introduction to the Vetri experience, without the high price tag.  The tonnato stuffed bell peppers are a great opening bite.  The smooth tuna filling is rich but gets offset by the roasted peppers slight bite of texture and sweetness.  Caper berries top each pepper to add a hint of saltiness.  I opted for the sandwich route, with the new sausage cheesesteak served on a pretzel roll.  The sandwich is extremely cheesy and quite delicious, if not just a tad greasy.  I also had the swordfish "blt" with basil and guanciale.  The fish had a nice firm texture, but did get slightly lost with the rest of the ingredients.  Overall it was a delicious sandwich, but i wouldn't have known it was swordfish without the menu.  Stick with the salt and vinegar chips, they're amazing.  Alla Spina offers beer flights as well (half pours of a number of beers) which allows you to sample a nice variety.  They seem to group them by region (east coast flight and west coast flight) for a reasonable price ($13). I didn't try and of the sweets, but a few came past while i was eating and they looked fantastic.  Reservations were at 7:30, and the restaurant wasn't quite full, so it looks like Alla Spina might still be a hidden gem.Stopped in to eat and drink at the bar with my wife.
Diverse and original beer selection at a range of prices. Found the lamb poutine to be as comforting as standard poutine and then one better with the pulled lamb in the gravy.
Enjoyed the donut bread pudding and our server was kind enough to bring us frozen yogurt on the house. 
I concede that by comparison the portions are smaller than average, but in a world where every dish is gargantuan this was a truly minor offense. I shared both of these dishes and left feeling perfectly satisfied. Would certainly come again.this place kicked ass. i dont know how someone can go to a restaurant on opening night and bash it, especially coming from this family of restaurants. There are not many places where you can sit 5 feet away from the people cooking your food, then tip them with a six pack and talk to them. It makes the experience more interesting, and personally i would rather tip my linecooks every time rather than my waitress.
I went last night with a buddy and we sat at the bar right by the kitchen. All the food was spot on, service was great, and the beer selection was very extensive and can satisfy anyone, from what i could tell.
We had the pretzel bites, the pickles (which were awesome), and the crudo di pesce, which was a mackerel with a lemon dressing that was sushi quality and fantastically fresh. The bone marrow was on point, although i would have liked some more crostini to slather my cow paste on!
For the main course, I had the mortadella dog, which was flavorful, the slaw/pickle situation was a good match, and the mustard was just what it needed. My friend had the veal hoagie, which he said was the best hoagie he ever had. We split the poutine, and you can never go wrong with poutine.
Just go here, get some beers, and share a bunch of small plates in the true italian style! Tip your chefs!
And they have MATCHBOOKS!!!!Burgers were underdone and not tasty. Service was excellent. Food unappealing.  Location convenient.  Lively atmosphere. Would not return for food.phila mag named this #1 gastro pub. no. sorry. this place doesn't even touch south philly tap room. it didn't even feel like a gastro pub. the staff was wearing alla spina shirts. that made it feel like a chain. the food was very good, but the variety wasn't that wide spread. fried chicken was very good, but they needed more not so unhealthy options. and no cider???!!!!!?? rare for philly. have at least one. i dont feel like i need to go back.Food was delicious ambiance was great.  I will definitely go back my only complaint is the wait staff was way to eager to clear out plates when there was still food on them.  My biggest pet peeve is when a server clears one diners plate while other guests are still eating.  During our second course we had 3 different people try to clear our plates.  That was very irritating.  And don't pick up the check until after the guests have left the table another no no.Love this restaurant.  I have visited this establishment twice.  I have only sat at the bar.   The bartenders are very attentive.  This restaurant specializes in using pork  in their menu.  I ordered the BLT Swordfish and is amazing.Their menu is loaded up with pork right now. Everything is meat. It's not vegan/vegetarian friendly. And it's cool if they don't want to be. Culinary wise, it's very ambitious... and unique from most Philly spots. 
They have a great beer list and a nice wine list too. 
The music was just really good, some early Weezer, Franz Ferdinand, etc.
I had the pickled veggies and it was just too sour. I'm a HUGE pickled fan but this was just raw vinegar. 
They had a very nice soft serve twist with blood orange! So gorgeous.
I wouldn't go back. If I did, only for drinks.I went to Alla Spina last night as I've recently moved in the neighborhood and wanted to try the newest Vetri spot. 
The beer selection is extensive and it made my beer-loving boyfriend happy, and both Spritz and Prosecco were on the menu as well, which satisfied me as they are my favorites. 
It took us a while to figure out what we wanted to order as far as food since neither of us was expecting it to be mostly little sampler/appetizers.
We ended up trying a lot of different things: I had the crudo di carne which was good, he had the rustic pork terrine with apple sauce, which he didn't even finish as it didn't taste like much and didn't look very appetizing. We also had the polenta, which was oozing delicious cheese, and the zucchini which were recommended as the best vegetable dish by our server - they were OK. The pretzel bites were also good, but after all this we were still hungry so I ordered the stuffed peppers and my boyfriend had the hot dog. The peppers were very tiny and not that great, his hot dog was delicious.We ended the dinner with the nutella zup
Overall I am not in love with the place but, as someone else said, I won't avoid it either. It was simply BLAH. Most things were good, but nothing to write home about. I think I'll enjoy it more as a place to come and enjoy a few beers when the weather is warm, but as far as a good dinner... I'll likely be next door enjoying some seafood by Starr.Alla Spina has a lively atmosphere and a fabulously unusual menu. From the soft pretzels with beer cheese to the fennel sausage to the grilled calamari to the stuffed clams to the watercress and watermelon salad, every single bite was wonderful. My boyfriend and I ordered several small plates and couldn't come to a consensus on which one was our favorite. They were all amazing and creative. Staff was friendly, helpful and fun. The beer selection was impressive. And, the birthday soft serve they kindly presented to my boyfriend was a perfect end to a very enjoyable evening. We will happily return ...Disappointed with the update on the wings. The old wings were easier and much more enjoyable to eat. They now have the full wing with the elbow .   The wing sauce is amazing tho!
There is a large beer list and the wine list is pretty good. This place isn't very  gluten-free friendly tho.I hate to say this place was bad. Service was ok they never asked me how the food was (maybe they were afraid to) the food was flavorless. I got the soft pretzels with the spicy cheese sauce I make soft pretzels at home all the time ... Mine are better, wayyy better. The pretzels had no flavor no sugar no salt just a burned flavor. My salad had no passion ... Again I cook better than this at home! There's nothing inspiring or exciting about this place. If your a foodie and you cook moderately well at home, this will be a disappointment to you. Stay at home and enjoy your own cooking ... Or go to south instead!This was by far the most disappointing experience I have had a Vetri restaurant.  My wife and were here with two other couples and two children (an 18-month old and a 2-and-a-half year old) for a Sunday brunch.  We were seated at a table toward the back of the restaurant, which was actually ideal with two kids, as we wouldn't have to worry about them disturbing other people, even though the restaurant was pretty empty.  The waitress took some time to take our drink orders, which was no big deal since we weren't really in a rush, just strange since she didn't seem to have any other tables.  After we placed our meal orders is when the experience really started to go downhill.  Our waitress disappeared for at least half an hour, during which time none of our coffees were refilled, and we had to ask another waitress to bring a drink for one of the kids (which we had already ordered with the original waitress).  When our waitress reappeared with our food orders, quite a few of the dishes were wrong or incomplete.  The eggs with the Italian Breakfast were missing.  One of our friends planned to split the avocado toast with her son, and asked for the scrambled egg on the side since her son does not like avocado, but it came out mixed together.  When we pointed these mistakes out to the waitress she didn't offer an apology, and instead walked away saying she would find the eggs for the Italian Breakfast.  We had ordered the mixed fruit and yogurt for the 2-and-a-half year old, and as her Mom mixed it together for her, she noticed some plastic mixed in with the yogurt.  She realized that the plastic was the entire circular piece of plastic that comes on top of Greek yogurt.  When our waitress returned we pointed out the plastic in the child's yogurt, and how dangerous that could have been had she eaten it, and again there was no apology.  She grabbed the yogurt off the table and told us she would get a new one.  I know it wasn't her fault that the yogurt came out with plastic in it, but when a restaurant serves a child a meal that has a potential choking hazard in it, an apology is really the appropriate response at minimum.  The manager came over and offered a half-hearted apology for the yogurt, and offered to take it off of our bill, which was a nice gesture, but he didn't really seem too concerned that his kitchen had served a child a meal with plastic in it.  
Having dined at every other Vetri restaurant in the city, and enjoyed them all, this was an unexpected letdown.  We most likely won't be returning, which is a shame because we have enjoyed eating here in the past.  Tip to parents - If you order the yogurt and fruit for your children, inspect it first to make sure there isn't anything in there that shouldn't be.So the wait was a bit long and subsequently the service a bit chaotic. The baked oysters were very good. And the beers very interesting (and good). It was their first week, so perhaps worth a second shot. If you're in that neighborhood, I think Route 6 is better.My husband and I went there for the first time last night and thought it was excellent.  It is a true gastro pub with a funky sportsy bar feel.   
We had a watercress and asparagus salad, which was simple, yet lovely.  The oysters were some of the best we ever had (and we love our oysters).  For entrees we had the uber cheesy crespelle, which was naughty but tasty and the trout, which was simple, elegant and perfectly cooked.  The side of zucchini was wonderful as well.  
Overall, it was a really good meal!Alla Spina has one of the coolest environments I've experienced at a restaurant in the Fairmount/Spring Garden area. I've always passed by while running and finally got around to having a meal there. We originally sat outside which is a great spot right along Mount Vernon and Broad, until it started to rain. The staff was very attentive and seated us at another table indoors very promptly. The inside is visually appealing, especially the bar area which has a large ceramic pig hanging over top of it. There were a few TVs but that didn't take away from the original feel of the place.
The menu was a bit confusing for me, just because I hadn't heard of most of the things on the menu before, then again I do not consider myself overly cultured when it comes to food so those of you that are may love it. The beer and wine menu is robust. Great selection. 
The service was above average. Our food came out extremely fast and it was delicious. The waitress checked in periodically but knew when we were mid-conversation and never interrupted. 
The only complaint I had is the beer we ordered was kicked. I didn't expect it to be kicked at 7:30pm. Other than that I would definitely recommend this place for a relaxed but classy dinner, perfect for a casual/fun date.Nice thoughtful draft list (served in proper glassware ), overcooked burger and annoying quizzo. This place could be great...It's pretty good...pretty pretty pretty good...(for the last question of the night and the winner of our quizzo championship what show is that phrase from!!!) Yeah it's kind of like that.I've been here twice now.  And, it's just underwhelming.  
The first time was for happy hour - I had their fries, which were good.  They also have 1.50 oysters, which I would definitely jump on, if Route 6 (which is right next door) didn't have them for a dollar during their happy hour.
I also went there for Brunch where I ordered the Testina Hash Poutine - It had all my favorites, cheese, fries and pork.  However, the fries were cold and it was just a little too salty for me and when I asked for ketchup the waiter looked at me like I was crazy (don't appreciate that).
My friend had the Valtellina Frittata which looked yummy but heavy.  
I may try this place one more time but I won't go out of my way to visit it again.Went there with another couple last night for the first time.  Service was really good - our waitress helped us pick about 10 items from the menu for the 4 of us to share and the amount was perfect.  If you took a sip of water it seemed like they were right there to refill you.
Our favorites on the menu were probably the parsnip and potato cannelloni with short rib ragu, poutine and the kielbasa.  However, everything was soooo salty.  Way over salted.  Now I know why they kept the water flowing!  The pork belly was good, but probably the saltiest and borderline inedible (luckily it was one bite for each of us - if I had to eat the whole piece solo it would have been just too much salt).  If this were Chopped the four judges would definitely take points off for over salting.Excellent cuisine in an area of town that is just now starting to pop up on people's radars. I went on a Thursday afternoon and I was really surprised by how much this place was bumping. It was jam packed, and I wasn't sure if it was because of the fact that there are a lot of offices around, or because there aren't that many other places around.
Regardless, decor was a little heavy and confusing (hipster industrial retro vintage?) but the beer selection and food plates were all interesting, not your average plates, good sized, and well presented.
Overall, would certainly go back and try more of their cuisine!
Make a reservation though...