Excellent! We had high hopes for this place and it didn't disappoint. We started with oysters. I had the monkfish and my wife had scallops. Each dish was delicious and beautifully presented. We brought our two young kids and the kitchen made them plain pasta marinara. We also tried the roasted chicken. So happy to have a quality Italian byob in the neighborhood-we will return!I came to Philly for a conference and we really wanted some good east coast Italian food. We found this place on yelp and we were not disappointed! It stared with the nicest most accommodating service. The food was incredible from the fresh bread with olive oil and peppers to the appetizers and the main dish didn't disappoint. I had the Scallops and they were like butter melting in your mouth. Give it a try and bring your favorite bottle of wine, you won't be disappointed!Here's all one needs to read:  we'll be back!  The food was absolutely delicious. Four of us sampled a wide variety-- pasta, veal, fish, steak-- and found all of them first rate.  The pastas are a bit pricey but being. BYO softens the blow. We also shared several appetizers including calamari, octopus, and salads and these were also superb. The noise level is high but tolerable. We'll be back!!I came here with my girlfriend. It was super cute inside, not too crowded so that was nice. We ordered the shishito peppers, mussels, Scallops and the pasta special which consisted of crab meat, clams, peas, corn, I don't know, all types of goodies. Everything was really good, the scallops with pork belly was a little too salty for me. The waitress was nice and our waters were refilled each time we needed it without asking which is a huge plus for me. Overall, I did enjoy this place and would come back.We had a great Father's Day dinner here! All the appetizers were fabulous. I would definitely recommend the burrata and the octopus. We all enjoyed our dishes, two of us got pasta and two got seafood. The dishes were prepared well and were not overwhelming large like you find at some Italian restaurants. We had just enough room to enjoy the tiramisu and chocolate mousse cake. Divine!This place is awesome! We had the arugula salad and the burrata as apps, followed by the torteloni and the airline chicken. My husband could not get over the torteloni (it really was fabulous). Our server, Marta, was lovely, attentive, and helpful. The restaurant is also adorable inside. We will be back soon!!!Absolutely delicious! Dined there recently and wow...what a change from what was there before. Service was fantastic, decor top notch and the food was delicious! Octopus and calamari appetizers are not to be missed. All of our entrees were delicious! We went with a group of eight and were seated right on time. Fantastic to have a BYOB in Fitler Square. We will be back again!Such a great little BYOB, selfishly I almost do not want the secret to get out. Everything from the service to the food was awesome. I highly recommend the burrata and the papardelle. Can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu.Good food, horrible management. We walked in and we're immediately pushed out. Tried to have a glass of wine on a Saturday night and we're denied. Don't go if you're trying to have a nice night out.we are serious foodies! I travel the world and participate in the best dining! This is best food I have had in Philly! That says ALOT!! and the staff were friendly and gracious, which is often times rare in Philadelphia!Perhaps my new favorite Italian restaurant in Philly! 
A wonderful ambiance, particularly outdoors, on a quiet beautiful street. The burrata with the eggplant was the best I've ever had - the flavors meshed together beautifully. The on-the-house bread had a dip that was exquisite and goes far beyond the traditional olive oil. 
My main course was the main event though. The tortelloni, filled with mushroom and topped with a walnut cream sauce, was perhaps the best pasta I've had. It was scrumptious with a bit of crunch from real walnuts. My husband got a crispy gnocchi which has great flavor and an impeccable texture, but could have used a bit of sauce. If you dipped it in my pasta's sauce, that made up for it.  
Will go back again and again now that I know! Great service as well.This place is a hidden gem! My friend and I loved everything we had. For starters we had Grilled Octopus and Mussels. I liked the fact that the octopus that come with fingerling potatoes is big and not cut so you can actually tell what you're eating rather than getting a piece of food an you're not sure whether it's potatoes or octopus. Our main course was Salmon and Scallops and I have to say the scallops are to die for. They're a must! Please do yourself a favor and order them. The sauce they come in, the cauliflower and everything in this dish it amazing. Chocolate mousse was our dessert and needless to say that it was so light and creamy. Definitely worth a try! The fact that it is BYOB is a plus and the place inside is cozy and modern. We were hoping for a dinner outside but it was raining so we had to settle for a table inside. Loved the fact that it's an open kitchen as you can see the chefs preparing your food. Owner and chef are very attentive and welcoming. We will definitely be back and we will recommend to our friends!This place is a yummy hidden neighborhood place! The food is incredible, from appetizers to dessert (they have homemade Tiramisu)! The atmosphere is perfect for any occasion. The restaurant is small so I would avoid huge groups without a reservation. They have outdoor seating for when the weather is beautiful. This is one of my go-to restaurants for date night and when friends come to visit. Seriously one of the best in the neighborhood!A hidden gem! I didn't want to write a yelp review because I wanted to keep this place a neighbor secret. They have indoor and outdoor seating. The service is amazing. Every time I've been here they are super friendly and attentive and do not rush you out! 
The food is amazing! The cheese board is huge it's a meal in itself. I've have the short rib pasta, the fried gnocchi, the chicken Milanese, some of the specials and never been disappointed. The bread and oil is so die for, it's like a roasted tomato oil and is so flavorful. You will probably be to full for dessert but you need to try the tiramisu, it's homemade and amazing! It's also byob!
Overall I love this place, it's tucked into the neighborhood you can barely tell it's there. It has such an Italian restaurant vibe you really feel at home!Absolutely amazing, the octopus and fig/prosciutto/pistachio apps were so delicious, crispy gnocchi was amazing and short ribs melted in my mouth. The food came very soon after we ordered and hot, service was amazing. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!What a fantastic addition to the variety of restaurants in this center city neighborhood.  It's Italian but really has a varied menu that will appeal to all tastes. Four of us went Friday night (do reserve in advance) which was the hottest temperatures in Philly to date, so outside dining, which is always my preference was not an option for us. But the inside was comfortable even though it is small, you don't feel like you are sitting on top of other diners. That being said, as the restaurant filled up it became increasingly difficult to hear, which is one reason I couldn't go to full five stars. Not sure what kind of sound muffling things they can do, and maybe on a slower night it's not an issue at all. Now for the food, really creative and tasty. I enjoyed the pasta special with tiny clams and I forgot the other ingredient. My sister had the scallops which were cooked to perfection. My wife combined two apps, the Calamari which she loved and a Cucumber Gazpacho which she found a bit heavy on the Feta Cheese (she wouldn't have called it a Gazpacho.) overall a great meal, only critique which we shared with our server was that some in our party found some items a bit too salty. He suggested we make that known next visit as they will prepare to order. It's BYOB which made it a reasonable dining experience. I will go back in a heartbeat every time I'm in Philly.I agree with all the previous reviews. I had lunch there - the pasta and gelato were outstanding and our server very friendly and helpful. It was not crowded on a summer weekday, good for conversation. BYOB.Food was incredible!!!! We got the scallops and they were PERFECT.  Apparently they're stating brunch soon and we will definitely be coming!Delicious authentic Italian cuisine in the heart of Fitler Square. We just had a great dinner with older kids, parents, and grandparents. We started with the cheese plate (amazing olive truffle spread), salad, and app special; they also offer bread with a savory olive oil dip. They were so good, it was hard to save room for mains, but we were glad we did! Pastas were fresh and just the right texture- loved short rib and seafood. Plus, it's BYO! Our new favorite restaurant in Philly!New BYOB that I highly recommend trying! I went with a group of 5 other people so we were able to taste a large portion of the menu.. everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. My favorite was the burrata. I can't wait to go back!We dropped in maybe 1 week after opening and brought a bottle of wine with us. We met the manager and owner and really enjoyed food and great treatment/service. Try it out!Came here with my boyfriend for an early Saturday night dinner. We were able to make a rezzie quickly and were seated right away when we arrived.
I love how intimate it is inside, we were seated near the kitchen toward the back. Service was awesome, very attentive.
We had the octopus to start, it was delicious and HUGE. Perfectly cooked. I had a squid ink pasta, it was great. Love that its BYOB.
I will definitely be back! Great place.Amazing crispy gnocchi!!!! Must-have!! The burrata was also very good. Their bread starter was very nice. The mushroom tortellini had a tasty and rich filling. The pappardelle was ok...compared to all of the other pasta dishes. The service staff was attentive and accommodating. Cute close-knit seating. I like supporting local restaurants and this was a charm!Loved everything about this place. Cute, a little close but fine. Good prices, BYO and the food was fantastic. Service A+++ Can't wait to go back.This is arguably the perfect neighborhood restaurant. We had no reservation, but they found us a table quickly. It's BYOB, so bring your wine (we didn't know, or we would have. We left a super loud place and found this.) Attentive, quick but not hurried service. Moderate noise, but that's to be expected, and I noted they are taking some acoustical efforts to tamp it down. Every dish that came out had me wondering, and wishing, I knew what it was. We had a cold cucumber soup, redolent of dill, crepe fraiche, and yogurt. Wow. The bread basket was simple, not overwrought, garlicky and spicy, crunchy with a little baked in oil. Daughter had tagliatelle with rage, off the menu, perfectly fish, but not overly so, and not a tiny portion. I had the pasta special, with favs beans, crab, and many, many small clams in their shells. A superb, low key, thoroughly satisfying experience.This is my favorite Italian BYOB in the center city area. The service is always excellent. Their safety measures during covid-19 are great as well! The food is the best Italian food I've had in Philly! Their crispy gnocchi is a must with amazing complex flavors. Their Brussel sprouts salad was delicious and crispy. The tiramisu was amazing and not too heavy after 2 courses prior. Highly recommend if you live or are visiting the area!I cannot say enough great things about this place and the owner George.  Yesterday I hosted a surprise birthday party late lunch for my husband's 60th birthday. I had been to Ambrosia three times before and never disappointed -- always completely satisfied. George, his chef and servers were beyond incredible! The food was fantastic and 25 people left happy and full with an amazing 5-course meal expertly prepared. This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.  Great food and non-pretentious service from the owner and his staff. My advice? Go soon and go often!Came here Friday night on a date, food was good service was good I got the octopus, duck, lobster ravioli, and the ink pasta. They were all good but I wouldn't order them again except the lobster ravioli. For dessert I got the tiramisu, I thought it was ok, I wish the coffee taste was alittle stronger but over all 5 starI recently had lunch there a couple of times. The food is outstanding. My favorite is the ravioli stuffed with butternut squash. The service was excellent. I sat in a booth one time and a table one time. On a windy day, the booth was very warm. Each booth has its own small electric heater inside. The outside table in the shade was good on a warm day. This place does not deliver and does not take reservations for outdoors. You can get an outdoor reservation by phone.This place was spectacular! My wife and I ordered sauté calamari, fat belly tuna, and grilled octopus for appetizer. For entree we had the duck and the veal. The service was outstanding and the food was delicious.  Everything was just awesome!Excellent food, moderate portions and prices, excellent service. I recommend the grilled octopus. It was some of the most tender and well-prepared octopus I've had. Dining room is small and tables are tightly packed. So, it's noisy and gets cold every time the entrance door is opened.The food is good, but very typical American-Italian food - large portions, heavy food, acidic sauces...the service was fine, nothing to write home about but the waiter was attentive enough...it's a cute place in a small neighborhood but it didn't do anything to differentiate itself from the countless other BYOB Italian restaurants in Philadelphia.Impeccably DELICIOUS!!!!!! One of the best meals I've ever had in Philadelphia!! Eating outside was delightful and it was so nice to have an alfresco experience. The staff was super attentive and always checked on us, kept waters full, delivered requests promptly. But THE FOOD was stunning. Truffled crispy Brussel sprouts are a must. I got the Fava bean ravioli and it was too good to be believed!!! Lastly, they had a seven layer cake dessert special that sent me to heaven!! I'm sad I don't live in Philly because I'd love this quality of food often but I'll be making a pilgrimage here every time I visit!! Highly recommend!!!!We had a great time eating outdoors here in one of their little huts. The staff were great and quickly got our wine in an ice bath and kept the water glasses full. Our party ordered the Burrata & octopus to start, then for entrees had the crispy gnocchi, regular gnocchi, rigatoni with lamb sausage, and the squid ink spaghettini. All were so delicious and every plate was empty by the end. The crispy gnocchi was my favorite as it wasn't too dense/rich on a humid summer evening. They also deliver fresh focaccia before the food arrives and it is delicious.Our favorite to go to date night restaurant in Philly! The food is to die for...nothing on the menu disappoints and trust me I've tried the whole menu. If there is a special, I definitely recommend getting that. My all time favorite is the short rib pappardelle and salmon belly. The service is amazing and love that it's BYOB :) if you're looking for a cozy, delicious and   superb dinning experience in the city of Philadelphia then you must try Ambrosia!Outstanding Brunch
Awesome Squid Ink spaghetti with sumptuous tomato sauce with ample crabmeat and calamari rings. Crispy Gnocchi is a welcome change with its seared gnocchi & a light goat cheese sauce. My favorite is the Tortellini with its rich truffle sauce, with some crunchy nuts. Next time we'll come prepared with a bottle of wine.
For appetizer, we enjoyed the Grilled octopus which was tender and yummy. Burrata is light and refreshing.
Special dessert is this 7 layer chocolate cake, Torta Setteveli...very good closer for brunch.
Attentive, personal and friendly service...street parking is a bit tough, but we'll worth it...we will definitely be back!We were on our way home from NY, and decided to stop by Philly to grab lunch. We stumbled upon this restaurant since we found parking. It's AWESOME. We ordered risotto and crispy brussels sprouts. Both were delicious! We asked for plain arugula with risotto and it was the perfect pair.WOW. This place is incredible, from the service to the food. Immaculate. Outside booths are so nice & quaint. Entrees we're fantastic and the grilled octopus is to die for. You cannot go wrong. 10/10.Cant ever have enough of Ambrosia! Best spot in philly for a nice dinner great staff and most importantly, the FOOD! Very good vibe excellent staff, kudos to George and Fredi !Although the food was great, the management and wait staff made me feel incredibly uncomfortable. They rushed us the entire time.. a waiter came over every 2 minutes to take our plates away even though we were still eating. They hovered around our table until we felt too uncomfortable to stay and finish our dessert and drinks. I just.. appreciate a good atmosphere and I felt so rushed and uncomfortable the entire time.We ordered grilled octopus, crispy gnocchi, squid ink tagliatelle, and duck breast. The gnocchi and tagliatelle were exceptional. To our confusion, the duck breast was cooked to the perfect color, but it tasted very dry. We were not sure whether this was a particular style of cooking or by accident. 
The environment and service were great. Overall a very nice restaurant. I recommend it.This is my new favorite place. Small, elegant and clean! The serving staff, all of them and I mean all of them were fantastic and friendly. They really know how to treat the customer. And the food, the food....some of the best I've ever tasted. Fresh, flavorful and hot. The waitstaff brings the food out at the appropriate time so you're not still eating your apps while they're bringing out the entrée. Don't sleep on the oil and focaccia even if you have to cheat on your low carb day. Their desserts were rich and creamy try the tiramisu and the chocolate mousse yum. It's a BYOB and the prices are reasonable. Will be recommending this place to everyone, and I will be back.Did a double date and it was our first time here. Everything was so good. I had the salmon crudo , octopus, and pappardelle as my main. Everything was very good. I bought my unfinished half home and it was still good the next day. Would totally come back!This restaurant is really easy to miss because it's in a less traveled part of Center City. Glad I discovered it. Because the street it's on is so quiet, the outdoor dining experience felt very relaxing. Like a nice place to have a long, catch up lunch with a friend on a Sunday afternoon. 
Food wise, the complimentary focaccia and the dipping sauce it came in was really good. I got the squid spaghettini and they were surprisingly generous with the crab meat. 
Excited to return to this restaurant! Next time, with booze.Came in with my fiance ~6pm on Saturday night - recommend getting reservations in advance! An Italian BYOB spot with a casual vibe and open kitchen. 
Atmosphere: Not super intimate, and feels a bit loud - there's about 35-40 seats inside, but tables are placed quite close to each other. Generally brighter lights, which gives it a more casual vibe.
Food: Good portion sizes, and well-made gnocchi and squid ink tagliatelle dishes. I was impressed by one of the appetizers, in particular, which included blue cheese and beef on flatbread. I usually don't like blue cheese, but the combination was well balanced. The bread was delicious though - we had to ask for seconds. Nothing absolutely WOWed me about the pastas, but they're well-made and good for when you're craving Italian food. One of the highlights though was the chocolate mousse cake (5-layers in total, I remember) with a layer of pistachio as well - that was very unique and delicious!
Overall:  - I would like to come back and try other dishes! It's just a bit overcrowded and standard for Philly Italian food.This was my first time trying Ambrosia! I saw their adorable booths (wooden floor, glass sliding doors separating tables, roof to protect from the rain but open on one side with heat lamps) and decided I had to try it. The food was fantastic! We got the quinoa salad, grilled artichokes, homemade ravioli and raviola and the shortbread eggs benedict. All were scrumptious with well balanced flavors. Reasonably priced, great service. Will be back for sure!!!! Call for a table since I don't think they are on opentable.Made reservations here for a Sunday and was seated immediately. The outdoor section is super cute and intimate. The service was great. The food was also amazing! The arugula salad surprised me with how much I enjoyed it. My Benedict yolk could've been runnier but the short rib flavor was very on point.This place was great! The service was friendly and personable and one of the owners were there running the front of the house and did a great job of making everyone feel welcomed. Had the beef carpaccio and calamari, both were phenomenal. Had the papardelle short rib ragu, also phenomenal. Prices are extremely fair for quantity and quality of food. Highly recommend!I lived in Sicily for two months, and the experience I had there with the cuisine was what led me to what was going to be my standard for rating Italian cuisine in general, including mainland Italy. Of course, I found plenty opportunities there to savor such high standards. That also happened when I discovered Ambrosia Ristorante! The attention from the owners and the servers has been very good, also. I highly recommend this place!Nice addition to the center city restaurant scene, and a byob offering. We ordered the grilled octopus, papardelle and casarecce. All were fantastic. We also enjoyed the tiramasu. This restaurant is clean and nicely spaced out for COVID outdoor dining. This is a place I would certainly return to.Worth the hype. 
Small. Quaint. Service was excellent and food was even better! Our group of 5 had a nice variety of appetizers, pastas and entrees. Homemade pasta was on point! Desserts were tasty and hit the spot. Cute, cozy, trendy new restaurant that I am happy opened up in the city. And it's BYOB and open on a Monday night! Make reservations because it gets quite busy. Food is amazing. 
Thank you George for making my group feel like family, I will definitely be back!We went here on valentines and it was a delight! It's a BYOB and they have a great selection of foods. Miguel, our server, was incredible as well which really made the experience that much better! The food came out quickly and they offer complementary bread. We ordered the appetizer with artichoke which was delicious and then squid ink pasta and the gnocchi which were all amazing. They have great portion sizes and we were stuffed by the end. We ordered coffee for dessert and that was also delightful. The restaurant is a bit crammed which is my only complaint, but it was still a nice and clean atmosphere and the food made it worth it. I'm excited to go back!Cute neighborhood BYO. 
Apps: Scallop crudo was nice, artichokes toast are something you can make at home. 
Pasta: Really loved the crispy gnocchi.  The ravioli were a tiny bit underdone. 
They bring out bread and a delicious sun dried tomato oil to start. Good service. Look out, its tiny!We had a fantastic meal at Ambrosia! Everyone was very satisfied. The octopus and beef carpaccio apps are delicious. I had the pappardelle with short rib and it was truly delicious! We will be back.Booked a last minute reservation on open table thanks to previous Yelp reviews and they did not disappoint. Ambrosia is certainly small but manages to feel spacious and comfortable inside. We were indeed impressed by the attentive service, light and flavorful focaccia bread starter and the creative menu. Our appetizers-- grilled octopus, fig/gorgonzola special and grilled artichokes-- were all delicious. Although small, they were filling and we worried about having room for the other courses. My favorite entree with the pappardelle pasta which gives you the best of both with homemade pasta and the highly touted short rib. The crispy gnocchi was unique and tasty, although felt less like a pasta dish than I was craving. Finally, the pistachio Panna cotta was the perfect ending on the waiter's recommendation. 
Ambrosia is also located in the Gray's ferry area of Philadelphia near South Street which is beautiful enough to warrant its own trip and make any far parking woes worth it. For future trips, remember that the restaurant is BYO and probably would not accommodate large groups well.Great BYOB neighborhood Italian restaurant on a quiet street in Fitler square. It was a beautiful day so we opted for outdoor dining , the food good, and waitstaff were attentive. 
We started with the complimentary Focaccia and tomato sauce, Burrata, and Brussel Sprouts. The fried Brussel Sprouts were outstanding! It was a fairly large portion, but I couldn't stop eating it. The burrata was fresh, but I wasn't a huge fan of the eggplant.
Entrees we went with the Fried Gnocchi, Pesto Cassarecce, and side of fried potatoes. The Gnocchi stole the show and is a must get! The cassarecce was cooked perfectly and the pesto had a nice flavor profile. The side potatoes were simple but well executed. 
We finished it off with the tiramisu which was just ok, if not a little on the soggy side.
Overall:
BYOB 5/5
Focaccia 3/5
Burrata 3/5
Brussel Sprouts 5/5
Fried Gnocchi 5/5
Pesto Cassarecce 4/5
Fried Potatoes 4/5  
Tiramisu 3/5I had a really nice anniversary dinner here a few days ago. It's BYOB. Service was excellent and the food was very good. The roasted beets and mussels were AMAZING. The grilled octopus was good but I definitely had better. My husband enjoyed his squid ink spaghetti. I had the crispy gnocchi but was a bit disappointed. The gnocchi was dense and oily and everything in the dish was very heavy (pancetta, butter, goat cheese) so it wasn't the best way to end the meal since I didn't have room for dessert after this. I would definitely still go back to try the other items on the menu.Came here last weekend and oh my god.. we will be back. The homemade bread served at the table was so delicious. We had the calamari as an appetizer and the sauce was just incredible. For dinner, I got the tortelloni.. the flavors and sauce were out of this world. My boyfriend got the short rib pappardelle. For dessert, 7 layer cake. The place is BYOB too.. can't wait to go back!!This restaurant is delicious! The food came out very quickly. We made reservations for 4 on a Saturday night and the place was full. The pasta with sausage was delicious as was the free table bread, Brussels sprouts  and gelato.Okay, I rarely review a restaurant 3 plus times but I feel an obligation to on this occasion and will keep it short.
The sauce is God-like at this restaurant. I have had the Squink Ink Spaghettini for a second time tonight but must advise to choose their other main pasta dish with Rock shrimp accompanied by crabmeat as the sauce is legitimately the best part imagine that over that stellar seafood! Please come here and order the Carvessae I believe that is what it is called you will not regret it!!!The flavor of everything on the menu here deserves five stars, but my main reason for the star deduction is that every time I've eaten dinner here I leave feeling like I consumed a pound of butter. My husband and I had dinner at Ambrosia for our first anniversary and he was so tired and full after eating the gnocchi that he could not stay awake afterwards. Big bummer. We thought it was just a one time thing but we have the same experience every time. I have to give them credit though for some of the best desserts I have ever tasted. Another reason for the star deduction is that one of the waiters were extremely rude to my mother. She only wanted to use the bathroom when we were on a walk one day and nature called a emergency situation. She walked into the bathroom and a waiter literally ran after her, pounded loudly on the bathroom door, and announced for all to hear that she needed to get out if she wasn't a paying customer. Little did they know that we are very frequent paying customers. Honestly, it was appalling to see someone do that to an older woman. Put a very bad taste in my mouth about this restaurant and I would refuse in the future to be sat in this particular waiters section.Good, solid Italian BYOB.  Great service and good food.  Standouts are the beets and octopus.
Pastas are supposedly made in-house.  I think they are good, not great.
Been twice so far and will definitely be back.The food was excellent!  The place is cozy.  The service was excellent.  The meal was served really fast!  For all that I left a 30% tip.
But the four stars relates to my initial experience upon entering and being seated.  It's a cold night, in the upper 30's with a strong Arctic wind.  When you open the door there is a corner table for two right there.  Guests at that table are seated at a 90 degree angle rather than across from one another. The angle doesn't bother me but it was wedged right next to the door where it was obvious that a gust of cold air would arrive with each new party coming in.  Our reservation was for 5 pm and only three other individuals were in the place at the time so it was almost empty.  We asked for a table further from the door and were met by a long face by the hostess, like that was an inappropriate question.  She explained that they 'have a plan'.  We felt like we had violated their plan.  So I asked again if they couldn't work out a different table.  There was a huddle and eventually the manager seemed to be doing us a favor by separating a table for six who weren't scheduled to arrive for over an hour.  They had a plan.  I had a plan.  My plan was to enjoy the meal without a blast of cold air coming in with each new patron.
Again, the service throughout the meal was excellent and the staff was very pleasant.  It's open enough that you can thank the chef on the way out as well and he seemed really nice.  I would have easily have given 5 stars without the initial incident.  If I could have given 4.5 stars then I would have.  Hey folks, lighten up on 'the plan'.This is a really solid restaurant, great for a date. It's an intimate restaurant with an open kitchen--a nice place for a date but can be a bit loud at times. Highlights in terms of food were the octopus and the duck: the octopus had a good charred flavor without being overcooked, and the duck was a nice medium. Appetizer salads were nice, light, and well seasoned as well. 
The dishes that were a bit disappointing to me were actually the pastas, which were what got me excited about this restaurant in the first place. The pappardelle and squid ink tagliatelle were both quite salty (though the texture and cook of both pastas was great). The crispy gnocchi and ravioli were too oily for my taste, and quite a bit over-- the texture of the pasta changed to almost a crumbly/cracker. I happily ate the filling of the ravioli though.
Desserts: tiramisu was good, didn't stand out on any particular way. The pistachio panna cotta had a nice texture and I would definitely order again.Had a great dinner at Ambrosia on Saturday. We were lucky to get a table inside.  The brussel sprout appetizer was delicious, as well as the beef carpaccio! The fried gnocchi entree was good, but gnocchi were somewhat dry. The restaurant should put heaters outside for dining. It's too chilly to eat outside in the evening without heaters or fire tables...Best Italian I've had in Philly in awhile.
Crispy gnocchi = insane 
Crabmeat spaghetti with clams and white wine sauce = incredible  
Short rib = incredible 
Burrata = perfect 
Salmon crudo = Solid, not amazing but nice light dish
I'll be back.Love this place. I called the day before Valentine's looking to make a last minute reservation and they got me in ! Really good food, a bit pricey but definitely worth it in my opinion. The gnocchi is fantastic. Service was good.Went last night for first time with friends. It was pretty good overall. 
We started off with the grilled octopus (good) and burrata (small portion but good). I ordered the gnocchi but did not like the sauce, it tasted like straight tomato soup. My friend  got the papardelle and that was very good! 
Creme brûlée was great and staff was very friendly. I would recommend this place but NOT the gnocchi.The best Italian restaurant in Philly, hands down!! We got the scallops and the salmon and they were both cooked to perfection. You don't wanna miss their grilled octopus either!! Awesome place and awesome owners!!I was very excited to try Ambrosia and their in-house made pasta, but the service was very off putting. Our server mumbled a lot and we weren't fully able to understand the specials. Luckily we didn't have many questions about the menu. We ordered the mussels ($14) which was a generous portion along with the Squid Ink Spaghettini ($26) and Scallops ($29). The focaccia bread was served with this amazingly delicious tomato, garlic, olive oil dip and the mussels came out promptly. However, they brought out the scallops and Casarecce instead of our Squid Ink Spaghettini. I told them we didn't order it and they should take it back due to COVID19 so I don't breathe on it but they ran away to check with the waiter, manager and who knows who else. 5 minutes later, our waiter came back and apologized for the mistake and that the Spaghettini would be right out. We noticed the table next to us also had the same problem, with Casarecce coming out instead of their Spaghettini. During payment, we had an Opentable Gift Card that we wanted to use. The waiter didn't know how to input it even though the directions were literally written on the paper itself and a manager came out and told us we had to "activate it". I've used countless Opentable Gift Cards as rewards and know for a fact there is no activation necessary, as it is activated once you book your reservation. I pleasantly told the manager that it was already activated and he curtly continued to argue with me that he tried twice. We sat on the bill for a couple minutes, pretending to "activate the card" when in fact we didn't do anything and gave the bill back. Voila! Magically it worked. My biggest pet peeve is customer service in which waiters, managers, etc. automatically jump to the conclusion that you made the mistake and they have no part in it. It was a terrible way to end the dinner and left a really sour taste in our mouth. We still tipped generously for our waiter who was trying his best, but there is A LOT of room to improve. The Casarecce also had very little taste/flavor, the Spaghettini had a good bite, the Scallops were cooked well but only came with 4 scallops and 4 cauliflowers. I was hoping for a more elevated experience, but also feel like they were stretching themselves a little to thin, as there were 30 tables outside and only 1-2 waiters.Love this new addition to the neighborhood! Ambrosia is tucked away on a quiet and quaint street. There's outdoor seating on a beautiful summer day. The indoor seating is relatively spacious, but I've seen it fill up quickly during peak hours! I love the clean and modern yet homey feel with the open kitchen.
After recently coming back from a trip to Italy, I was looking for some authentic Italian food. Ambrosia may have been even better than some of the Italian restaurants I had in Rome! The pasta is homemade and stellar. I've been twice already and can't get enough of the papardelle with short rib ragu. It's simple, yet so well done. The crispy gnocchi is another fantastic dish - perfect if you love mushrooms. And who doesn't love something with "brown butter" as part of the ingredients?! I enjoyed the squid ink tagliatelle as well, though it was a touch on the saltier side. The grilled octopus was a perfect starter - perfectly chewy and not overcooked like a lot of octopus I've had previously at other places. 
Don't forget to save room for dessert here! The pistachio panna cotta was incredible. It's my personal favorite and a perfect choice if you like a relatively light, yet flavorful and satisfying dessert. The creme brule and pumpkin cheesecake were also winners.As an FYI, your reservations last 1.5 hours and they will make sure you know! My friends were 30 minutes late & ~3-5 people came to let me know. Make sure you are on time! 
Food was great - really filling. Got the fried gnocchi, would highly recommend!WOW. This place is incredible, from the service to the food. Immaculate. Outside booths are so nice & quaint. Entrees we're fantastic and the grilled octopus is to die for. You cannot go wrong. 10/10. Also wonderful that it is BYOB!This place is typically pretty busy on weeknights, so my wife and I went for lunch on a weekday as a special treat. The lunch menu is similar to the dinner menu, only a bit cheaper. The place wasn't terribly busy and the staff were very friendly and attentive.
We ordered the grilled octopus appetizer, the rigatoni pasta with lamb, the casarecce pasta, and tiramisu for dessert. The place is byob and we brought along a Bordeaux to drink. They also give you a complementary basket of garlic bread and dip. Everything was fabulous. The pasta was homemade and flavorful. We shared the tiramisu, which was a little small for two people but extremely good. The sponge was nicely soaked with coffee. 
Honestly, it's hard to find a good Italian place in Center City Philadelphia - my wife and I find most places overpriced for what they are. But Ambrosia was worth every penny. Highly recommend.
The only negative part of our meal was that they messed up our bill and added on an extra pasta by mistake, but they quickly corrected it.I recently went here in person for my first time and it definitely went to a 3.5 star experience. My salmon was over cooked and difficult to eat and the short rib was way too salty to really enjoy. Last time I went with pasta, so maybe that's where I went wrong this time - but I don't know if I'd return and try the same dishes I sampled during this recent visit.Lovely neighborhood fine Italian restaurant in Filter Square with all home made pasta.
Casarecce- rock shrimp, crabmeat, fava beans, white wine lemon sauce.  When I saw this on the menu I had to get it and didn't even entertain reading the rest of the menu. The dish had some breadcrumbs mixed over it which was a nice touch but the sauce was just brillant (white wine lemon sauce with just the right amount of garlic). The dish came with some foccachia garlic bread as well.
If you take friends or family here I really think everyone can easily find something they will like. There is a great family owned charm and the owner even thanked me for supporting the busy when I stopped in for a take out order. 
Can't wait to come back and try some of there homemade Italian desserts : )This place is awesome. I came here on a Saturday with my wife for her birthday. They had really nice outdoor seating areas so we sat outside. They only had three tables inside due to the pandemic, but I could imagine that the inside dining area would be nice in normal times. 
The service was great. The server knew the menu well and everything came out at the right pace. This place is BYOB (obviously) and they opened our wine bottle immediately. We got the crispy Brussels sprouts and octopus for appetizers. We loved the sprouts. The sauce was super delicious. The octopus was a bit tough and the sauce was just ok. 
For dinner, I got short rib ragu and my wife got the squid ink pasta. We loved our entrees. The pasta was homemade and cooked to perfection. The sauces were really good. The portions were just right. I was so full and very happy, and so was my wife. The prices were good too, especially since it is BYO! We cant wait to return.I felt like I was in Italy when I dined here. The food blew me away and I will definitely be coming back. The complimentary garlicky bread was soo good that was accompanied by a side of delicious salsa. We ordered the calamari and cheese plate as appetizers. Both very good as well. I had the crispy gnocchi as my main entree. I'm not a huge mushroom fan but the oyster mushrooms complimented the gnocchi very well along with the peas and pancetta. The flavors of the dish were perfect, I was very impressed. For dessert, we had the pistachio panna cotta and banana bread (with a scoop of hazelnut ice cream). The ice cream was amazing. I actually combined the ice cream with the panna cotta and it tasted delicious. Banana bread had raisins so I wasn't a fan. 
Overall, it's definitely a restaurant I highly recommend if you want to experience delicious flavors and leave the restaurant happy and satisfied.Update: Went back a second time in early March and it was just as amazing as the first. The second time we had the mussels appetizer. My boyfriend had the short rib which was so tender. I had the ravioli .. to die for. We topped it off with the pistachio dessert. I can't wait to go back!
Came here last weekend and oh my god.. we will be back. The homemade bread served at the table was so delicious. We had the calamari as an appetizer and the sauce was just incredible. For dinner, I got the tortelloni.. the flavors and sauce were out of this world. My boyfriend got the short rib pappardelle. For dessert, 7 layer cake. The place is BYOB toozI can't wait to go back!!This little BYO is tucked away on a quiet corner of center City West. So tucked away in fact that my husband and I didn't know about it until browsing open table on a Friday night looking for a last minute reservation. 
Luckily for us, Ambrosia had an opening. And boy are we happy we decided to try it out. When we got there we were seated immediately. We started with a very attentive server who was prompt with opening the wine we brought and making sure we had water and whatever else we wanted. 
For apps we got the grilled artichoke and the cheese plate. Both were delicious. I did appreciate that the cheese plate was served correctly (the cheeses were at the appropriate temperature for serving) and thier pairings were spot on. The grilled artichoke was served on toasted croustini that were delicious. 
Our entrees were the tortellini and the short ribs, both were excellent. The pasta was clearly homemade and fresh and perfectly Al dente. The filling was a decadent mushroom and creamy cheese topped with a cream sauce. The short ribs were amazingly tender and some of the best my husband has ever had. We were certainly wowed by the dinner. 
Finally dessert was tiramisu and creme brulee. The creme brulee had a perfect hard coating and soft but not soppy inside. Cooked perfectly. 
The restaurant is pretty similar to most BYOBs in the city, a single room - a little tight in terms of space - but well worth it. It is great for a party of 2-4, groups should probably just call ahead to make sure since the space isn't huge. 
We will certainly be back - I highly recommend you try this place ASAP