Just getting though at this overrated restaurant that's horrible service by the sever Cindy! We had the seafood platter that's 24.00 and it's so bland with no sauces served with it. We had some of the smallest oysters on the half shell that I've ever seen. We have asked for another drink twice. We waited on the check for awhile and now waiting with our credit card on the table while I write this review. We drove from Lancaster and we live in Texas and will never be tempted to ever eat here again. So Cindy if you don't know why I didn't leave a tip, you need to learn how to wait on your tables and that's your tip.Although the Mediterranean salad was good, it wasn't worth over $18. Advertised as a seafood (shrimp and crab) salad, I thought I was paying for more than 3 small pieces.I must say being from out of town I expected more! I had read the reviews, and it seemed like a great place to eat. Unfortunately it was quite the opposite! The food was mediocre, and that would have been fine except the service from Cindy was horrible! Every time I needed another drink I had to wait, to try to catch her attention for five minutes or more! At one point I even had to flag another waiter to get my drink! The place is extremely small, and waiting on no more tables than what she had should have been a breeze! She's not a personable waitress either. I tip well, but unfortunately Cindy must have thought my tip wouldn't be worth her trouble, so I made it match her service!!The phrase "looks can be deceiving" have never been truer for this place. I have to admit, looking at it from the outside I was VERY skeptical about buying my seafood from them.
My first and initial response was that they were expensive. I guess compared to a normal grocery store they were. I went ahead and got some shrimp, sea scallops and squid anyway and I have to say, it was probably the freshest seafood I had ever bought at a store. This is now on my go to store for all my seafood. 
Bottom line; Costs a little more than the grocery store, but the quality is FAR worth it! Do NOT go to the store one block over.I love this place! If you can handle the smell of eating at an actual fish market, you'll love the food!! I always get the clams in garlic (which are incredibly fresh and delicious-- loaded with garlic). I love the crab legs in the works-- the perfect mixture of spice and garlic. Also... the garlic bread is to die for!!
I honestly can't review the other goods!! I always get the same things because they are soooooo good! Never had a bad meal here!!  I can't wait to be back in Philly to eat here!!This review is for the restaurant portion of Anastasi.
I've driven by this place dozens of times but was always immediately turned off by the overabundant fishy smell from the market.  However, a friend told me that this is the best place to buy seafood because it's fresh and reasonably priced, so I decided to go in and check it out for dinner.
Once you walk into the small restaurant, the fishy smell disappears, so that's a definite plus.  There aren't many tables here, so if you're going on a weekend I would definitely recommend calling ahead to see if they take reservations (I'm honestly not sure if they do or not).  They also have outdoor seating.
FYI:  Happy Hour Monday through Friday from 3pm to 6pm with drink specials and buck-a-shuck for clams and oysters.   
We sat down immediately and the waitress was right over to get drink orders and give us the specials.  Based on some Yelp reviews I read earlier in the day, I already knew that the bacon and crab mac & cheese was a definite appetizer.  I also wanted to check out the oysters, so we got some of those, too.  Mac & cheese was amazing!!! Just the right amount of bacon and cheese with a heaping pile of crab meat on top.  Let me tell you, I will definitely be back sooner rather than later to experience that again (though I'm pretty bummed about the lack of sriracha here).   The oysters were also delicious and tasted EXTREMELY fresh!  I was more than impressed and we didn't even get to our entrees yet. 
For the entrees, my friend ordered the broiled trio (flounder with crab meat, shrimp and scallops) while I ordered the scallop and shrimp marsala.  Both were amazing!  We licked our plates clean!
Bottom line - this place is awesome!  Definitely check it out!  I know I'll be back!Best seafood in  Philadelphia. This place is so unique...a seafood market and restaurant combined with the most amazing waitstaff you'll ever find in Philly. Try the seafood bruschetta if they have it on special...it's divine. The Parmesan crusted halibut is also amazing. I haven't tried any of their fried platters yet but plan on it. Also this is a great place to go for lobster mmmm.Came here last week after a big oyster craving hit me. We biked down here as fast as possible to make it before the buck a shuck  happy hour ended at 6. These oysters were beautiful and so fresh.
My only complaint: the oysters were gritty. :( I soo wish this didn't happen because I wanted my oyster indulgence to be just perfect. I can look past it, but it left a bad taste in my mouth (and some sand).This the best place, great people,  good service,  the best dinners N luclnh n fresh fish products. here, Trybthe mussels In white wine so so good.dunk your fresh hot brebread in the sauce.  Cannoli  heavp en,  I love the owner, she a beautiful person. I do all my seafood here. And take outI had 3 bluecrabs only for 15 dollars which was a pretty good deal compared to other restaurants. Also, the shrimp and crab chowder is super delicious! Can't wait to come back and try other food!This is a interesting place. It is also a seafood market store but with dining. It is somewhat casual and fine dining but located in the "ghetto". It is part of the Italian market street or district. We sat outside at night with a perfect breeze. Our appetizer were mussels cooked in a red wine sauce. We then had a whole lobster and snow crab legs so I couldn't give you a review on the entree's. The lobster was fantastic and snow crab was okay but the "works" sauce made up for it. By date also had a cocktail but for $10 it could use more alcohol in it. 
I could understand some of the lower ratings and see how it could happen. We had a good night with what we ordered.Great seafood in a funky setting that reflects the urban charms of the Italian Market. we'll be back againThis place has become my favorite place for seafood. The exterior and the interior are not fancy but the seafood is so fresh. I ordered the lobster twice and the Chilean sea bass, which did not disappoint. The prices are very reasonable as well. Just don't come with a large party as there is limited seating inside and it is a small place.
This restaurant also has a seafood market which has deals and variety.  I only rated it four stars because of the limited seating and because it's a small place.AMAZING. 
Great, fresh food, better service. Things cost what they should.
Could not be happier with my experience here. 
Crab mac and cheese may be the best thing I've ever eaten. No joke. 
GO HERE NOW.Great service and food.....had raw oysters and sautéed soft shells - both were great.This was an experience where everything was right. I didn't leave work until 8:15 so I called to ensure that they would still be serving when we arrived 10 minutes later. Having gone to restaurants that close their kitchens 1/2 hour early(in Manayunk) this was a concern. Upon arrival we were greeted very pleasantly by Ryan with no hint of our somewhat late arrival. We had excellent calamari, lightly battered very delicate and crisp with an wonderful chunky roma tomato dipping sauce. Upon his recommendation I ordered a chilean sea bass which was really excellent and very flavorful. My husband ordered the broiled seafood platter which  made him very happy. Even near to closing time the chef was en point.  I also had a very perfect martini. About midway through our meal Ryan locked the front doors but made a point of coming over to our table to reassure us to take our time eating, and not to rush. This was said sincerely, it was not a ruse to hurry us. I am in the service industry as well, and for me a new bar was set. This level of customer service combined with great reasonably priced food is rare. I was always a fan of this restaurant but I will now come more often and recommend it to all of my clients as well.Very nice oysters were excellent, mussels were large and clean, wife had the broiled seafood platter which she loved. Bullit old fashioned was very good.  We will be back!My boyfriend and I went to Anastasi for dinner last night. We first started our evening with the Blue Crab Mac. It was delicious! I ordered 2 broiled jumbo lump crab cakes and my boyfriend had the mussels in red sauce. For dessert we had some kind of chocolate mousse cake. The ENTIRE meal from start to finish was phenomenal. The staff was super nice and helpful. We will definitely go back.Loved the place! Super friendly and great service. Been there for lunch two days ago. My boyfriend had the pescatore pasta, was delicious. The pasta was cooked properly (I like the pasta a bit more al dente but he loved it) and the white wine sauce was light and tasty. I had the whole red snapper, grilled. AMAZING! Tasty, cooked on point. Considering the quality of the food and the portion size the price was totally acceptableI love everything about this seafood spot. They have affordable live seafood from halibut to crabs and lobster. Not only do they cater to your needs, the happy hour specials are to die for. You can get  oysters and clams for $1 each. Order off the menu and get your seafood with the works sauce. Great service and Paula is an awesome bartender, checking on you constantly. Recommend for huge seafood lovers.Don't come here expecting super fancy, but come here wanting really good food and personable staff especially the owner's mom. They were almost completely full when we arrived very hungry for seafood. They got us the last table. It's a small seating area inside and a few outside tables with a fish market on one side. The whole establishment is family ran. I ordered the oysters Rockefeller with crab and cheese on top and they were divine! My two daughters ordered crab legs. They were cooked perfectly. And my husband ordered bacon wrapped scallops. His meal was delicious as well. We ordered a pitcher of sangria. Wasn't the best I've had, but wasn't terrible either. I would recommend this restaurant for yummy seafood at a good price.The search for lobster led us to Anastasi as the pics of whole lobster with the crab cake were very, very appealing. It was our first visit and we were very, very satisfied. The service was prompt, nice and very helpful. The lobster with crab cake was awesome. I rated this visit 5 stars. We were very happy!
The food was delicious! It was a nice day so we sat outside. Being familiar with Italian Market, you have to expect all the hustle and bustle of the weekend crowds and traffic. If you are visiting on the weekend, it is a lot harder to find parking. I have never sat inside, but there is a bar and the market inside. It isn't a fancy looking place.
Second visit, the wait for service was a little long at happy hour. Ordered the crab cake sliders ($4 each) and some cocktails. The Limoncello martini is very, very lemony. The mac and cheese was also very good. You get oyster crackers with horseradish and warm bread with butter until your order arrives. This visit was good, 3.5 stars. 
Anastasi still holds my vote for best seafood until I find another seafood restaurant that beats it.Service was attentive, fast, and extremely friendly. I don't remember the young lady's name but she was awesome and checked in with us everytime she passed us to attend to other customers. The older woman who checked us out was just as sweet. The oysters & clams on the halfshell were fresh and the sangria here is delicious! Clean, nice outdoor seating, and can't wait to be back!I came in for Happy Hour, here's what happen, they switch the bartender I had last time to another day I was a bit disappointed but moving on we got drinks, oysters (4stars) better than the last time size where more consistent and great HH deal. Then I order the crab cake sliders (which I have raved and recommended to friends) I was shock to see the crab cakes came on the most unappetizing buns (should have taken a pic) I have ever seen. But the couple next to me received theirs on perfect looking buns! What??!!! They had the audacity to served that to their customer, I had this several times before and it was served on a nice toasted bun! What happened?!! So I left the buns and told the bartender they were not edible, she was confused, really??!!! went and told the owner they acted like nothing happened and were confused why I was not happy with the buns??? Really??? Wow!!! Then I order scallops with fries, the bartender put in a different order of scallops which ended up being twice the price?!! It was good, but I felt ripped off, she apologized and admit that it was her mistake, but did not try to give us anything for it, she also mention it to the owner once again she couldn't care less. Big mistake on their part!!! It ashamed because we spend a good amount of money at this restaurant, and after the experience we had recently I'm sad to say that I won't be rushing back anytime soon especially on Thursday!!!Great fresh fish market. Friendly service, great selection, excellent quality and always fresh. 
I have not tried the restaurant.Anastasi Seafood is a South Philly icon. Be ready to  be charmed by a gracious welcome from Mrs. Anastasi, after parking easily in their lot. Yes, parking. Whether you are taking out fresh seafood, dining in, or sipping cocktails at the intimate bar, Frank Sinatra crooning , this is one of my favorite places.
The crab cakes are to die for, seafood chowder a must .The first time ,I ordered two whole steamed lobsters , seafood chowder and their pasta special for takeout. It was cracked , packed, fresh and succulent. 
The second time , we dined in.  Owner, Sal Anastasi, and our server Linda ,could not have been more accommodating.  We had lobster again, chowder , crab cakes and finished with canoli 's , that can only be found at Anastasi Seafood. 
This family owned , nostalgic fish market ,in the heart of South Philly, can not get any fresher,  or be more reasonably priced ! From the service to the food ,they earned my five stars. They now offer a delivery service , but going there is part of the Anastasi experience. Intimate, warm, cozy and great for any occasion . I can't wait to go there again !Went to buy some fresh whole fish and calamari on a Sunday a couple weeks back.  Was looking at the fish, which, as a whole, clearly weren't that fresh, but found a couple that were acceptable.  Lady washing the front door asks if I need help.  I said yes, and she comes around to the back of the counter, and with the same filthy gloves she is using to wash the door, picks up and bags the fish I selected.  Ok.  Gross.  I should have left then.  Again, same deal with the filthy gloves and calamari, and then she disappears.  She comes back and starts loading up the bag again with more calamari (I had asked for 2 pounds, I stopped her at 3 1/2), still with the filthy gloves on, and gives me attitude about how much I ordered.  I left without the fish, with her mouthing off behind me.  Fresh seafood?  Nope.  Safe food serving practices?  Nope.  Friendly, attentive staff?  Nope.  Overpriced old fish.  Yup.  Reason to come here?  Nope.What an epic disappointment this place has become. We went this evening to give them one more try as our last three visits have not been great. For example our waitress actually left to go get herself a slurpee while we were still waiting for our drinks and to place our food order. Tonight was no different. I know there has been a change in staff, which happens at many places. The new staff is inattentive at best.  (I'm being generous here.) Once we got home and reviewed our receipt, we also found we were overcharged. We live only a few blocks away and frequented the place pretty regularly to dine in and purchase seafood to cook at home. Never again. Sad to see it get this bad, but truly NEVER AGAIN.I moved out of the area more than 2 years ago - but recently stopped by again for their happy hour, "I was in the area", is that a good enough excuse...? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ but they were still as great as ever. My sister and I jumped right into three dozen cherrystone clams on the half shell. YUM YUM YUM. Beers on draught at decent prices, and apparently there's parking around the back. I looked for a dish I had before of mussels over a bed of linguine over a spicy sauce but didn't see it. It was a great visit and glad to see Anastasi hasn't let their quality slipped. Will definitely stop by whenever I'm back in the area.Awesome experience. Thank you for helping me with my first crab boil for Father's day! Bushel and a half of # 1's were kicking and screaming to the very last crab made it into the boil @ 10pm. Next time I'll grab seasonings the store offers! I WILL BE A REPEAT CUSTOMER!Most amazing and fresh seafood I have ever had. Juiciest soft shell crab and excellent oysters. First time trying a grilled romain salad- so good.I love this place!  Since moving into the neighborhood I've been buying fish here and never a bad experience.  Call in your order and they will have it ready for when you arrive.  They'll even clean the shrimp as to save you time before that big party!  Awesome!Though I use Yelp a lot, I have never wrote a review myself, but I was so impressed, I felt obligated to write this. My girlfriend and I went out for dinner to Anastasi (still not sure exactly how to pronounce it lol) before seeing a show at the TLA.  We both have years of experience working in fine dining restaurants. Every part of our dining experience was enjoyable. What looked like a normal fish market from the outside transforms into a white-linen restaurant with great ambiance, including a digital fireplace. The hostess was friendly and helpful. Our server, I think his name was Steve, was helpful and attentive the whole meal. My girlfriend said the guacamole with crabmeat was the best appitizer she has perhaps ever had. Our cocktails were refreshing and delicious. Our entrees (branzino and stuffed salmon) were amazing, and filling. We finished off the meal with some espresso and smiles on our faces. A woman, who I believe to be the owner, stopped by the table to check on us and crack some jokes. We will most certainly be back soon!Amazingly fresh seafood with a large variety. To chose from. They have raw filets and shellfish along with breaded items to be baked or fried. You can have meals prepared there as well. I have had the crab cake sandwich and it was delicious. Staff is knowledgeable about their product and different methods of preparation. Great establishment in the Italian market.They have liquor! Drink and food specials for Happy Hour. You can sit, take out, or buy stuff to cook at home. What more can you ask for? Everything I've eaten here has always been good. I especially love the soups.We ate here so hubby could have oysters. It is  a seafood market by day , restaurant by night. Such fresh seafood. We enjoyed the mussels, oysters c, soup , special shrimp and crab  bruschetta and cheese ravioli and crab. All were outstanding. Drinks were also superb.  Great attentive service. We will definitely come again.It doesn't need to be fine dining to rock. This place rocks. We get takeout here at least once a week. It's inexpensive and tasty. The people there are super nice too. What more can you ask for? 
Oh, you want to dine in? They can do that too!
Awesome fish market too..Soft Shell Crabs were some of the best I've had. Perfectly deep fried with only a minimum of coating. Crisp & succulent with a Lemon butter caper sauce! Live in the neighborhood, and never knew there was a restaurant hidden in the seafood shop!  
I'll be back.Okay so here we go. We went here for a drink to kill time until we went to the movies. My girlfreind shops here for seafood alot and also her mother did too. Well it all started when we walked into the place to wait to be seated or greeted. Hmmmm about 3 to 5 mins had passed and we are still waiting. The staff had been gathered at the hostess station during this time. Then they all just walked away with out even asking if we would like service. Okay am from Philly and there has always been issues with people of color in South Philly getting service. So needless to say we are people of color. And will never set foot nor buy anything from this place. I would have been a bit more pleasant if it had not been for the fact that a staff member came back to the station and then just walk by. You will not have to worryabout this couple ever coming back to your place.Ive been two this place twice now and each time I go it gets better and better. Everything on there menu is really good. The price is alittle high but its worth it.  I love seafood and this place does it right.  The people their are always nice and accommodating, I have no problem giving them my money for a good meal.  MUST try it out once if you love seafood.We went to Anastasi's after learning that it is run by the same family as Pescastore, one of our favorite restaurants in Bala Cynwyd. It is certainly a hidden treasure within the wonderful Italian markets. This is a no frills, just great food, sort of place. You can sit either outside or surrounded by the fish counters and a bar, and are served only the best quality fish. My favorite dish was by far the grilled oysters, which were so tasty and unlike anything I've ever had! Despite all of the good, I was still disappointed by the prices, which were quite extravagant for a place to grab a bite within a fish market. In fact, the prices were comparable to Pescatore. Nevertheless, if you're looking for some incredibly good food and are in the area, I say to give it a shot. Just know that you'll be getting top-notch restaurant quality food for restaurant prices in a very casual atmosphere.I came here during happy hour. 
I ordered a few sets of the clams and oysters which were all excellent. The sauce they bring with it was tasty. The crab cake sliders were good too.The beer tasted warm and not the proper temp. 
I sat for close to a half hour waiting for the other sets of sliders, which never arrived, so I went inside and closed out and left.
The warm beer aside, If I did not have to wait for so long for the sliders that never arrived this place would be 5 stars.i haven't eaten at the restaurant, but the seafood market is reasonably priced and the crab legs we got there were fresh and tasty.  unfortunately the italian market is no longer the place to find quality all around, but this place is a good one...stop by!Had the amazing jumbo crab cake with delicious seasoned fries. 
yelp.com happened to be there filming and they shot us slurping delicious raw oysters. Oh lord...
Limited seating, so don't come with more than 4-5 people.I never leave yelp reviews, but the scallop and shrimp creamy marsala was one of the best dishes I've ever eaten. You won't regret eating here.I have shopped here a few times for the non-vegetarian at my house and have been pleased with the selection and service. Everything tastes fresh (or so I am told) and the prices are right. The counter folks are helpful with answering my probably unusual questions which I appreciate.Excellent food, friendly waitstaff, great prices, an absolute must go while in Philly. Nothing fancy but i'll take substance over decoration any time.Resturant/Bar/FishMarket. Offers both inside and outside seating, which is nice, not much of a view but if you like to people watch you'll like it here, located on a busy block  but far enough away from the street.  I definitely recommend you bring someone else so you can share a lot of the food because the menu offers a lot of different choices and you will want to try more than one thing.
I really enjoy outside seating this time of year, accompanied by Oysters (they only offer one kind, Blue Points). The oysters were very good fresh and salty, which I paired with a Bloody Mary later we shared an Octopus Salad, cooked perfectly. I also recommend the Lobster over Linguine. My girlfriend had the Broiled Seafood Combination, both were great portions  and cooked well. 
*My favorite was the Muscles in White Wine Sauce!Interesting place for lunch... After about 10 minutes, you don't even realize the fishy smell of the market on the other side of the glassed in restaurant. The service is amazing and quick. I was disappointed that my crab cake sandwich did not come with fries, but I stole some from my partner's plate - I love old bay fries! He had the soft shell crab sandwich and said it was the best soft shell crab he ever had! It was a good place to eat, but it was a bit uncomfortable with the orange roughy, red snapper, and haddock starring at me from their ice packed display counters... Note to self - sit with your back to the fish, that way no guilty conscious!I love that this place is a couple blocks from my house. They have a wide variety of amazingly fresh fish and shellfish and at super reasonable prices. I've had dinner/happy hour a few times and the food and service is great! (Can't beat the buck a shuck deal at happy hour!) One time, they were super sweet and offered a treat to my dog as we were just waiting at the corner to cross Washington Ave. Great people and awesome seafood, definitely check  them out!Been here twice in the past month and it's one of the best seafood places you can find in Philly. The venue looks like nothing special, but the food, service and price are all awesome. You can get a whole fish served or they will filet it in the back. Pasta, fried platters and all appetizers we've had are great. I've had both the red snapper and bronzino and are some of the best dishes I've ever had at half the price of some other restaurants. Finally, the family that runs the place, makes sure to make it a great meal when you dine with them.We came here on a Friday night.  If you want to go, I highly suggest you make a reservation.  We waited approximately 45 minutes for a table.  However, if the weather is warm they do outside seating so there is more space.  Even though the wait was 45 minutes, the time went by incredibly fast as the other customers (many of whom are regulars from the neighborhood) are very friendly and good conversation flows as easily as the drinks and food. Once we were seated the tables are so close it is almost family style. You will have many good conversations and make friends with the people at the other tables. Now, for the best part.  The food is AMAZING. We started with the oysters (which come with homemade oyster crackers and horseradish), shrimp and blue crab chowder, crabcakes and salad.  The boys really enjoyed the oysters. They were fresh and very large. The shrimp and crab chowder is the stuff that dreams are made of.  Just creamy enough with large chunks of shrimp, crab and potato. Very well seasoned.  Not too heavy.  The crabcakes contain no filler.  It is all luscious, yummy crab meat with just the right amount of seasoning.  
The main course:
Snow crab leg clusters (steamed)
Salmon stuffed with crabmeat
Lobster pasta
Fried mini combo (Shrimp, scallops and crabcake)
We were all sharing food so everyone got try try a little bit of everything. The lobster pasta was a daily special so not sure if they have it everyday.  If you go and it is on the specials, do yourself a favor and have it.  It comes in a blush sauce and it is absolutely a party with your taste buds. Salmon stuffed with crabmeat was perfectly cooked and seasoned.   Snow crab was not only good at the restaurant, it was good later back at the hotel.  
Amazing family environment combined with amazing, mouthwatering food made this a memorable dinner.  
Also, our co-workers took half a dozen cannolis to go.  The cannolis did not get eaten until the next morning and were still phenomenal.  
Definitely make the stop here if you are in the area.  It is worth the trip.Anastasi was the first place I checked out in the Italian Market when I moved to Philly. About a year ago, I was walking down Washington and felt a magnetic pull to their little patio seating area and promise of fresh seafood (and Happy Hour drink specials). 
I remember the server laughing at me because I ordered a cup of clam chowder and one single oyster (I was on a budget). All of those things helped make for a wonderful, unexpected afternoon, as small in portion as they were. The oyster was fresh and the clam chowder had a wonderful consistency. If anyone is looking for a decent cow-dah experience, this is a pretty solid bet.
Even though I had a great meal there a year ago, I hadn't been back to Anastasi's until my boyfriend wanted to head over there for lunch yesterday afternoon. My oh my, THAT WAS GOOD. We started with 6 blue point oysters, which were a fresh as ever (and dare I say, larger than some other blue points I've encountered recently?). We each ordered sandwiches, his a shrimp po' boy, and mine, a lobster roll. 
With a trip up to Boston this past spring, I feel like I can speak about some lobster rolls, and my personal belief is that they can be done and number of ways and still be good. I don't become upset if it's hot, cold, dressed with butter, mayo, etc.: lobster is delicious, so, surprise me! And that Anastasi's did! For $12, and what has to be the most affordable lobster roll in the city, Anastasi's did it up right with a very fresh and crusty bread roll, nice choices of lobster meat, and tarter sauce. The tarter sauce was a first for me with a lobster roll, but it worked well with all the mentioned components in place, and was yummy in a homemade kind of a way all on it's own. As far as size is concerned, it wasn't a $25 submarine-sized roll from up north, but it was perfect for lunch!
Boyfriend loved his po'boy: we didn't speak much while these sandwiches were in front of us. We also ordered broccoli rabe and marinated peppers, which went wonderfully with out sandwiches. The service was attentive.
This is a wonderful place for lunch.  I'm fairly certain that we'll be back soon!Great Italian market institution that's been around for 80 years. Fresh, fat mussels. Sweet, rich seafood Marsala pasta is the best I've had. Tiramisu was light, fluffy, and cool on a summer night. Great happy hour specials. Dungeness crab in white wine garlic was slightly saltier than necessary, and the wait can be long on weekend evenings, even with a reservation. (I was seated at 8:45 for an 8:15 booking.) Definitely worth the wait, though! And you can pick up some fresh seafood to cook after dinner!  (The porgies are delicious and underrated).Oysters and clams are to die for. 
The oysters as well as the clams are large and fresh. I had the seafood chowder and raw shellfish. My bf had the king crab. Everything was very appetizing . Mrs. Anastasi came over to ask how our dinner was and to speak to us which I appreciated very much. The area is a bit intimate but that's okay as long as the food is goodSad to have to write this about Anastasi Seafood, a venerable institution that I've patronized for years but no more. I used to regularly get takeout from this establishment for the family, usually the same things, fried scallops, shrimp, and flounder filet. A while back they started salting and outting large amounts of black pepper on the fried flounder filets which I did not like, as it "drowned out" the delicious, subtle flavor of the fish. I complained about it and asked that it not be put on my fish. The last four times they put it on three times. When I called to complain (not to take it back but just to again register my displeasure, I was told I could go somewhere else and they didn't care about my opinion. They don't, maybe you do. But if you're going to add something after everything is done that the customer does not want, don't make your attitude the cherry on top of the fish.The mussels in the white wine and garlic sauce were of the white variety and were the most tender and flavorful I have ever ate. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who enjoys musselsBest place for seafood anywhere!  I would drive up from DC for dinner again just to hang out at Anastasi!  The seafood doesn't get any fresher, and best place to get crabs...Maryland who??  Lobster bisque should not be missed! Owner is the nicest lady you will ever meet.  Just a great place.the blue crab dishes are great.. whatever sauces they add to them should come in a bottle for selling.  outdoor seating was cool and shaded minus the peole so close walking by on the streetMy favorite seafood place in Philadelphia. Sad I don't get there nearly enough. Make sure to check for specials as they are amazing and grab a canoli to go.We ate here earlier today. Our server was nice but did not go out of her way. I don't know her name because she never introduced herself. I did like the atmosphere of the 9th st Italian market. We sat outside.
Ok, now on to the food. There was nothing I hated but there also wasn't anything that I particularly enjoyed. We ordered raw oysters and clams. I thought the clams were good but I thought the oysters were just ok (a little large and bland for my taste). I also wish they would offer red vinegar and couple other compliments with their raw items. My daughter ordered the shrimp and crab chowder. We all tried it and we all thought it could use some seasoning. The last item we ordered was the crab Mac-n-cheese. Again I thought it was bland and could have used more crab meat. My daughter didn't even ask for seconds and she loves Mac-n-cheese. She didn't even want to take any home. My daughter is young but has a refined palate (I think she gets it from her father lol).  Nothing to write home about and probably will not visit again.The crab and shrimp chowder is one of the best soups I've ever had. For $10 dollars it could be the best value for a meal I've ever had. I'll be eating this often.Called early in the morning for them to reserve a half bushel of crabs...showed up at the quoted time and they had plenty of nice sized crabs waiting for me! I also picked up some shrimp and Crawfish for a seafood boil I was having and everything was fresh. Great seafood and great customer serviceFun place, off the beaten path, not touristy. Wear or bring a jacket. It's a fish market and it's cold inside. 
Made a reservation 'cause reviews say it's always so busy but we were lucky. Not too busy. Table available really right away.  
Octopus was very good.  But it's mostly salad. 
Scallops over spinach with brown butter were HEAVENLY. 
House wine is fine. 
Cute, unpretentious place.First time eating at Anastasia's.  Will not be my last.  Excellent mussels in red sauce.  Mussels were ginormous; red sauce to die for.  Followed by Grilled calamari atop well-dressed salad.  My dining companion had tuna tartare special and Parmesan-crusted halibut.  A wonderful dinner in a cool Italian market restaurant.   Atmosphere + great food!  Could not ask for more.Only recently since my love affair with small markets began, have I even began to think about coming here.
It's not exactly on a posh street and the dingy-ness of it is a little off-putting, but we wandered in here anyway after a day of visiting butchers and buying different things.  Not a whole lot of seafood places in the area.. at least, the ones I saw had their goods outdoors and that's even more off-putting.  The mussels looked dead in everywhere else we went to.
Anyway, we came in here and picked up 3 lbs of P.E.I mussels.. the nice man sorted each one individually and threw away the ones that were obviously dead.  That's about 110 mussels, give or take, for roughly $7.   After we prepared them we found only 2 to have been dead and uneatable... awesome!!This review is for one drink only. Will update when I get food.
Came here last night to check out the menu and grab a drink before heading home. I live relatively close by and have passed it a few times, but never really went in. Now that summer is here (although I can eat seafood any time of year), I'll definitely be coming for dinner. I was trying to find their regular and happy hour menus online, but they didn't seem updated, so I took and posted a picture as of Summer 2017. 
Overall, the aperol spritz I got was very good. I ensured it was made with sparkling wine as well, because I know some places only use aperol and club soda, but was happy they use sparkling wine as well. My server, her name was Carol I believe, was very polite and understanding that I simply wanted a drink but didn't want to sit at the bar, but outside to get some fresh air and people watch. Some places get annoyed with that, but they didn't seem terribly busy. 
The prices seem reasonable and the happy hour specials, including buck shucks and crab cake sliders, will ensure my return. The dining area is a bit small, but there is outdoor seating. They have a fantastic beer selection and even sell wines by the bottles at very reasonable prices. Good to know if I'm ever stuck.
As far as the market goes, I had a chance to take a peek at the fish and they seemed fresh and delicious. I don't know much about fish pricing, so I can't speak to that, but the crabs (already cooked and seasoned with old bay) seemed a bit pricey for my liking. I'm a fan of buying live crabs and cooking them at home to save only money. The crabs they had (there were 2 options) were $2.50 and $3.00 each depending on the size and the soft shells were $6 each. I'll stick with cooking my own. 
Anyways, I'll definitely be back to try some food and keep you posed!Dining in- personally, I think it's overpriced and theres no need to pay that much for that food... the place itself is kind of mediocre and its not fancy at all so I dont understand why they are so expensive.
Fish market itself is pretty damn good. The guys behind the counter know their stuff... If i ever have a question about what kind of fish i need for a recipe they always have recommendations. its always fresh and reasonably priced. the fried food is good too, they can either deep fry it for you OR (amazing) you can take it home and prepare it yourself.
overall this place is pretty good if u want to make your own meal at home.I usually hate raviolis but their crab raviolis were to die for! 
Not much else to say this time around since I ordered out. Maybe ummmm.... nice containers, nice employees, decently priced?Stopped here on the way back from Ocean City, just a short detour from the Walt Whitman Bridge in the Italian Market area. Had a quick but fantastic lunch of soft shell crabs and fish and chips. The fresh seafood selection was better than anything in Ocean City with great prices. Live crabs, striped bass, red snapper, rainbow trout, sold whole or filleted.Well Anastasi's, you've lost us for good. Had reservations on Friday for 7:15, arrived at that time and was told it would be a few minutes. Once we were seated, we got the waitress who I was hoping we wouldn't get... according to the receipt her name is Cindy. Don't know for sure because she never introduced herself. We've been coming here for years, and all the wait staff has been so welcoming and attentive, except her. She seems to have an attitude, but I realized it's not with everyone. Saw her at other tables being polite, talking about specials, etc... Once she took our orders, and gave us our food, she didn't bother to ask how things were, which I saw her doing at other tables.
As for the food, the combo dinner, which used to be good was lukewarm, overcooked, and unseasoned. The seafood chowder was like milk. She bought us cold bread, an ice cold bottle of hot sauce with no lable, and gave other tables Tabasco.
I don't know what to think about this, and the only thing that comes to mind, I shudder to think....This is hands down my favorite place to eat in the entire city of Philadelphia.
A fantastic mix of Italian and seafood. Unreal blush sauce. The seafood is the most fresh seafood you could ever ask for. 
The servers are great. 
But most importantly, the owner is one of the nicest ladies to grace the earth. She is so sweet and accommodating. Stops by and does the professional table service to make sure you feel just at home.
Right in the center of the Italian market. Indoor and outdoor seating! A MUST!This place is a rare gem!!!!!! Quaint, charming and the food of course is beyond phenomenal!! The owner is super sweet as is the staff!! My new favorite seafood restaurantWhenever I'm in the mood for a great seafood meal, Anastasi is always my first choice. I love the mom and pop feel and the outside seating. I have yet to order anything from the fish market, but I plan to soon. 
We usually always get an order of oysters, which never disappoint. For my entree I've gotten the broiled seafood platter, which was okay or the mediterranean seafood salad which I think could come with a more generous helping of crab meat and shrimp or could be a bit better with an addition of some broiled scallops. 
The waitresses lack a little personality, but the owner is always so friendly and warm. I wish it was a BYOB and there wasn't a corking fee because we always bring wine.I heard about Anastasi's from my co-worker. He thought I should try it out. SO me and the family went out on a Friday night for some good ole seafood. I really enjoyed my meal.This place is awesome! I am an avid seafood lover and a foodie who has lived in Philly for over 20 years and I can assure you, this will be the best "play with your food" and "authentic seashore" experience in the heart of Italian Market in Philly. Thank you Anastasi!I love the concept of a nice seafood restaurant inside a fish market.  There are obvious synergies to the combination, and Anastasi leverages them pretty well.  It's a great neighborhood place, though I trekked quite a bit to get here (without regret).
What surprised me was how good the appetizers were.  I went with 2 other people, so we got 3 appetizers to share.  The crab and bacon mac and cheese?  Great.  The fried calamari?  Quite well executed with great ingredients.  The fried smelts?  I hated them, but I don't really like small salty fish to begin with, so take my opinion on those with a grain of salt...which it turns out is a heck of a lot less salt than you get in a fried smelt.  It's possible the fried smelts were excellent and I just don't like them.
Onto the entrees...pretty clearly the whole grilled fish is the specialty, as the mixed seafood entree contained various broiled items which were all just OK (according to anyone who tried any of them).  My whole grilled snapper on the other hand was pretty good.  And the whole grilled branzino was awesome (they were cooked similarly, so I'm guessing the branzino was just a better and/or fresher fish--I usually prefer snapper, but not this time).  The sides of broccoli, carrots, and potatoes were all good too, though I'm guessing I'd be scared if I knew how much butter went in and on those items.
The prices were reasonable, especially considering what you get, as we were way too full for dessert.
One final thing worth noting: they have a small parking lot, which for some people may be a huge bonus.the fish is the freshest you can buy on land.  i have bought red snapper here. i boiled some and broiled them and i was in culinary heaven.  the durados, from the meditteranean were fresh and meaty.  the fish case is fresh.  the fish come scaled and gutted, to reduce the smell.  please cook the fish whole and enjoy the tasty cheek morsels and other bits of the fish.  As a Greek person who loves seafood, I cannot say enough great things about this place.  The diver scallops were so plump and the taste after i fried them was amazing.  a little old bay and terragon and that is it.
cannot speak for dining in, but i enjoy cooking the food myself.
At $6 or $7 a pound for fish, a much better option than a big mac and fries or pizza and cokeNon only was the food delicious but the service was top notch making our overall experience truly enjoyable! It is at times hard to come by establishments that care about your dining experience. At Anastasi Seafood we were treated like family and well taken care of! Will definitely be back when we are back in town! 
Don't hesitate call and make a reservation!Went here for dinner tonight - started with  6 oysters and an order of the white mussels. Both were very good, although a few of the mussels were a little gritty. I ordered the broiled seafood combo for my entree, it was served with mashed sweet potatoes and string beans. The seafood was very fresh, and the mashed sweet potatoes were also very delicious; I would order this entree again on our next visit. We arrived around 7:30, and it was very busy, I think all but one table was occupied and the seating area is a little tight. Our server was nice, and the hostess who seated us also checked in on us multiple times too - she was very nice as well. Reasonable prices, delicious food in a convenient location. Definitely will return again soon.