Given the good reviews, I wanted to like this place, but the food left much to be desired.  
The food seemed to be generic Mediterranean foods rather than the Syrian/Armenian cuisine I was excited to sample.  We had an assortment of appetizers, but the dishes were bland (including a babaganoush that didn't seem have much eggplant at all).  There seemed to be a great dearth of garlic, salt, and pepper in the kitchen.  
The pita chips were my biggest complaint and were not a good accompaniment to the dishes; given that the chef comes from regions well-known for their bread, I was expecting some really good lavash.  Moreover, the chips were under-toasted!  I had many chips that were half-crunchy, half-limp.  It made for an unpleasant texture.  They tasted like store-bought pitas toasted without olive oil or seasoning. 
I don't think I'll be back, at least for some time.They have worked out the kinks and the food is fantastic. Well done med food. A great addition to the northern liberties food sceneBest authentic Armenian food ever!! I have been twice now for dinner and it is absolutely delicious! I can't wait to try their brunch.Tried this place for the first time and the only thing I was disappointed about was that I had not tried it sooner. This is the ultimate authentic, family owned,  cozy, byob, fresh Mediterranean/Armenian spot probably in all of Philly. 
The owner took care of us and helped us decide what to order, even convincing me to try the lamb which I never eat. I ordered the combo platter with chicken, lamb, and the beef stick (forget the term). All the meat was cooked so incredibly well, so juicy, so flavourful. Also ordered the Greek salad and babaganoush, which did not disappoint at all. Also got a side of the grape leaves (sooo good!) and the cheese puff (also forget the name lol). 
There are so many other dishes I want to try here. I'll definitely be back soon.Food OK - Chicken dry.  Prices above average.  Looks to be a new spot.The best stuffed grape leaves I have ever had. And such a cozy space.Great food and awesome service! 
I love Mediterranean food and this place did not disappoint. Everything was good, and the service was excellent.Amazing!!! My mom and I shared the sample platter and it was filling and delicious!!! Highly recommend!!!!I'm Armenian and this place makes me homesick.
The prices and portions are super reasonable, so it's very easy to try a bunch of the Armenian appetizers. This is the only place in Philly I've found lahmajoon (Armenian pizza), and you can never go wrong with boregs and dolma. The kabobs are among the best in the city! The service is really quick and super friendly.Cute place.. Great staff the food was really good. I like the choices of dips. The desserts was absolutely amazing I'm craving one now. The menu had good selections and the prices are good, also it's a Byob place always a plus. I will definitely come back!From the appetizers to the desserts, everything was delicious. Both the  lamb and chicken were tender, seasoned well and cooked to perfection. We had four platters and sampled different sides, all were great. The Apricot Stone is a wonderful, authentic Armenian restaurant. Philly is lucky it opened here.I was thinking to try this place for a long time! So decided to give a try via take out, I ordered a mix platter. When you order this platter you can mix how you like, we got chicken, beef and lulen kebab with eggplant salsa and babaganoush. Yes, I love eggplant in any way! Also when I said that I want to try their mujaddara(lentil and caramelized onions) I was offered to switch rice pilaf to that, which made my platter perfect! Overall it's very flavorful food but it's good flavor, I liked the flavor of the meat, how lentil was cooked, and of course, I enjoyed the eggplant sides. I can tell in our area this place one of the best Mediterranean place. Will be back for dinner!Diversity & Value: ApricotStone's "Plates" come with pita, rice pilaf, and choice of 5 different dips (e.g. babaganoush, hummus, etc.) and 5 different salads (e.g.: greek, tabouleh, etc.)  - but you can also sub the rice for a tasty mujaddara (lentils & caramelized onion). Grilled chicken kebab and veggies were great. Try the Armenian coffee - essentially a Turkish coffee. Nice atmosphere in a nice neighborhood and great value. Friendly, helpful staff.This place was so good! We had no problem getting a table for 6 outside around 6:30 (mind you it was a Tuesday night). The appetizer portions were just right for sharing and the entree was huge! Definitely enough for two people to share. Our waitress was also very poised especially with our demanding (but friendly!) group. It is BYOB which is nice, I wish they had an ice bucket for our white (but I didn't think to ask because it was opened so quickly). The outside filled up quickly by the end of the night. Overall very excited to have this place in the neighborhood. Will be back for sure!After hearing about apricotstone from friends for months, my boyfriend and I decided it would be the perfect "snow day" lunch spot. 
The dip trio - we selected hummus, jajukh and muhamara. Our taste buds were blown away. The hummus was creamy and flavorful but definitely not overpowered by tahini or lemon. The muhamara was my boyfriends favorite of the three and it was also his first time trying any kind of crushed walnut dip. I LOVED the jajukh with the chunky cucumber and fresh taste of mint. 
While I opted for a falafel platter, my boyfriend decided upon a chicken kebab sandwich (wrap). It was gone in 5 minutes and he said he could've eaten another because it was so tasty. 
While I'm normally not a rice pilaf person, the pilaf served with the falafel plate reminded me why most food tastes better when it's not dumped out of a box and into a pot of boiling water. The tabouleh was a standard staple side but the falafels took the prize. They were gigantic to start and neither dry nor soggy -- always a plus! More than enough to take home for leftovers.
We dined in for lunch and the service was prompt and pleasant. If we lived any closer, I'm sure it would be our standard go-to takeout place. But now that we've experienced just a few of the amazing apricotstone tastes, I'm sure we'll be back for more --- and soon! 
**added plus, BYO.
*** extra added plus, baklava.I had my Rehearsal dinner at Apricotstone at May 4. I could not asked for a better quality of food and great environment. The food was excellent and the staff were very friendly and they did a great job. Our guests enjoyed all the great appetizers and great food.Love this place!! I've been here 7-8 times already even though this place just opened pretty recently.  I go here once a week because I want to try everything!
The food tastes amazing and is always fresh and authentic.  The prices are decent and you get a lot of bang for your buck.  BYOB is always a plus as well.
The dips are all amazing! from the hummus to the baba ghanoush to the roasted red pepper walnut dip.  Love the tatziki cucumbers, the lentils with caramelized onions, grape leaves and falafel.   The israeli salad and eggplant salad are so fresh and flavorful as well. Love that they offer whole wheat pita!
I usually go with either the chicken kebab platter or chicken schwarma platter! And you gotta finish off with some of their homemade baklava as well mmmm!Delicious Armenian authentic food, great service, super cute and trendy décor! Definitely a top favorite on my list of restaurants!Was in Northern Liberties and stopped by for lunch.  Had the lamb kebab sandwich and it was excellent.  Meat was cooked perfectly, extremely tender and seasoned well.  Definitely a great value for lunch.  Also really enjoyed sitting outside in the patio. Highly recommend.Agree with all the 5 * reviews. Nothing to add  loved our waitress and overall service for our opinionated group of 6. Chosen by my 20-something daughter who lives nearby, we knew it was byob but were actively planning a dry night (till my cousin went and showed up with two bottles of wine )
The little strip/plaza where it is located is also especially cool. Just love all that is going on in Philly these days. Would def go back.Delicious! The interior decor and all of the food were all totally on point. We got a triple dip appetizer, a combination plate, and the Armenian pizza. I'd recommend everything. Their hummus and the red pepper dip were particularly outstanding, as well as the lamb.The food at this place was quite good and the service I experienced was excellent. The weather was great so the outside was packed and the place isn't particularly big but the owner/manager brought a table outside just so my girlfriend and I could sit out there. It made me feel special and I was impressed. I'm not even a big fan of Mediterranean food but I enjoyed myself never the less. I was shown hospitality lacking in many restaurants.I've been waiting for a place like this in northern liberties! Food is amazing!!! waitress/ hostess was on point and really friendly. We will be back!I'm a falafel FREAK so going to apricotstone has been on my Philadelphia bucket list almost since it opened. The space is right on Liberties Walk in Northern Liberties conveniently by the Piazza and a giant free parking lot. 
I met up with my favorite pair of yelpers for a casual dinner so we discuss our plans for a trip we are taking. The small dining room was great for facilitating a conversation without having to scream over anyone. We were seated pretty quickly for are reservation. Since it's BYOB, we brought beers to accompany our meals.
The menu is relatively small but offers plenty of options for meat eaters and vegan alike. As a vegetarian, I went with the falafel platter with jajukh, israeli salad, and a whole wheat pita. The platter also comes with rice pilaf with tiny delicious noodles. Once our meal came, we didn't get much planning done because we were all too busy chowing down! The creamy, cooling jajukh mixed perfectly with the crispy falafel while the freshness of the salad just upped the flavor. I put everything into the pita to make a sort-of-sandwich. I ate til I was stuffed and there was still an entire falafel ball which I took home for a late night snack. 
Definitely an awesome spot to hit up in due to it's deliciousness and huge portion size. I will definitely be back!It's only been a few days since I've been to apricot stone, but I'm already making plans to go back for round 2! The restaurant has a very cozy vibe and every dish is made and served with a very personal touch. It is, however, a small space so make sure you make a reservation on busy nights, even if it's just for two. 
In regards to the food, the platters are definitely the best option as you get to sample a little of everything: salad, dipping sauce, meat, rice, and pita bread. The chicken shawarma platter was served with a seasoned yogurt sauce that took the dish to the next level! Other favorites: Lebni and the Greek salad. For appetizer, the spanakopita and a cheese boreg (aka cheese puff pastry) were both very good. 
Delicious food and BYOB? *pinch me*Amazing meal at apricot stone! Very accommodating for gluten allergy! Babganouash was to die for! We'll definitely be back when we're in the neighborhood!Apricot Stone is amazing!  
They have the best tzatziki in Philadelphia and some of the BEST hummus!
Must try their muhamara!! And babganoush!  (Trio of dips for $9)
BYOB with no corkage fee!
Great location!
Everything was fresh and true authentic Armenian.  The owner is a woman who has been cooking her whole life, and started the business as a catering company out on the Main Line.  Their portions are generous, and prices are phenomenal.  The food was fresh, real ingredients.  My veggie sandwich ($7) had perfectly cooked orange peppers- not overly done, mushy or coated in too much oil as per any typical mediterranean place.
Their desserts were truly amazing.  Normally baklava tastes syrupy and is soggy to me, but this large tall slice had chopped walnuts you could actually taste.  My favorite was the baklava with cheese.  They go through their desserts so often that they are ALWAYS from a fresh batch.  
I will definitely go back!They just opened three weeks ago. They are open at 10 for Sunday brunch.  I like this place.  It's a byob. I went here with my nieces and boyfriend and a good friend.  They have a chef tasting menu. You select 4 ideas and they choose your dessert. They gave us all five desserts so we can sample the all the dessert.  You have a choose of two appetizer, bread, and you get to choose one out of the three chooses and a salad all for $20.  It's a great deal, because we all picked something different so we could try it.Both the service and food are great! Waitress was very pleasant and attentive. The lamb and fillet kabobs were excellent. It's a big portion that comes with rice pilaf, a dip, and salad. The price of each meal is good for the amount of food that you get.  I would definitely come back to this restaurant.Came here on a whim for a dinner date with some friends. Food was pretty good, but the restaurant was so hot that day, no AC and no air flow, and with 2 kids under 3yrs old, not a good combination. We ordered the triple dip to share and would have prefered pita bread over pita chips, but the tatzika dip was my fav of the 3. I ordered the chicken swarma which I really enjoyed. Their rice pilaf was really good. Other complaint is that our waiter seemed a bit overwhelmed, he also forgot to put in our friend's entree order. I would like to come back again and hopefully be able to edit my review.Five stars is simply not enough. I have always liked Mediterranean food, but this restaurant has officially pushed it to my favorite kind of food. When we first got there, we were asked if we had a reservation, so we were worried that we wouldn't be able to get a table, but we were seated very quickly. Their menu is on the smaller size, but it is by no means limiting. All of the food was freshly (and quickly) prepared. I had the chicken shawarma with pilaf, babaganoush, tabouleh, and a warm white pita. I ate several bites separately, but eventually ended up mixing many of the components and shoving inside the pita so I could shove it into my mouth faster. My boyfriend had a lamb kabob with fattoush, humans, and a wheat pita, and he was also very satisfied. Our bill was only $30, which is very reasonable for dinner in the city. This will definitely be on our to-do list the next time we come to Philly.Best food in Philadelphia.  The dip trio was outstanding, as was the spanakopita and falafel.  My entree was the Luleh kebab, which was perfect.  My husband ordered kebab tasting platter.  All the different kebabs were great.  I can't say enough.  Go here!!I've been putting off going here, even though it's in my neighborhood because my expectation was low. After all, hummus is hummus right? Every bite on my plate was phenomenal! I had the chicken kabob with hummus and a Greek salad. They were nice enough to substitute my rice for a lentil dish. Most kabobs I've had are flavorful but dry. These were moist and delicious. It seemed as if some sweet mother was cooking for her children. My suspicion was right! The owners mother was the cook! I'm so happy that this fantastic place opened in my neighborhood.Great little restaurant.  There seems to be a large free parking lot a block or so away (at least I hope it was free -will find out soon) 
Friendly owner, patient in explaining menu 
Food was outstanding with ample portions and good prices.Delicious Armenian food, great service, and great value.  Best kept secret in Northern Liberties.Ordered the Chicken Shawarma platter to go. Absolutely fantastic. The chicken was super flavorful, the tahini and hot sauce on the chicken really made it pop. The rice was seasoned perfectly. The babaganoush was also really great, perfect accompaniment to their lavash. I also opted for the eggplant salad with my platter, also great. 
Incredible amount of food for the price. I'm glad to have this option in the neighborhood.We do a different country theme every year for Christmas. This year we did Armenia. Apricot Stone knocked it out of the park! With limited knowledge of Armenian Christmas tradition, we put ourselves completely in their hands. Every recommendation was delicious--and they even supplied details on storing and reheating each item.  We will definitely be back to dine in. Highly recommended. Wonderful people. Delicious food.I hesitate to give this place a good review because I want it to remain a hidden gem. Bottom line: this place is awesome. If you live in the hood, go there. Get the lamb. I cannot pronounce much less spell most of the dishes but every single one I've had there makes me sad when it is finished. The staff is attentive and the chef is authentic. You will not be sorry you tried it.We came here with a dinner reservation on a Saturday night. A very small restaurant with a small outdoor seating area (under a tarp/tent). Our party of 6 was seated on time inside. Very nice service, seems like a mom-and-pop type of restaurant. We got appetizers to share: kibbeh kufteh, cheese boreg (highly recommend). I got the lamb platter, and with that you get rice pilaf and thin pita, and you pick: a dip and a salad. I loved my lamb. So juicy and tasty. I highly recommend! The pita and dip were OK.
The Pros:
BYOB!
Cute interior
Amazing lamb/food
The Cons:
Smaller spacePerfect spot for Middle Eastern/Armenian food in Northern Liberties! Owner and server were attentive and friendly. We ordered the chicken kabob and luleh platters and you could tell the food was made fresh with the best ingredients. The baklava was rich and sweet, perfect with a cup of coffee and ending to a good meal. 
Great addition to the area! Conveniently located and plenty of free parking on the street or in the Piazza dirt lot. I'm definitely going back!Whenever I visit my best friend in Philly, we always get takeout from here! The restaurant is definitely family operated and is very cute and cozy. Apparently they are always booked up because the restaurant is really small so I recommend making reservations. 
I always get the chicken kebab plate with babganoush and muhamara. The rice pilaf is very buttery so it tastes great but not good if you are trying to watch your diet! The hummus and pita are very delicious as well. If you dine in, you can bring your own bottle of wine!Was in tonight for the first time and we loved everything about apricotstone. We decided to go with the special which was a traditional Armenian Christmas dish. Also had hummus and mujaddara. Everything was absolutely delicious. We will definitely return! Friendly staff & cozy atmosphere as well. Grateful for this fantastic spot in our neighborhood!I live in Northern Liberties and I am part Armenian, so I might be a bit biased, but I love Apricot Stone. We tried a bunch of offerings and everything was delicious; the platters, salads, dips, pita, and lahmajun hit the spot and were fabulous as leftovers as well. And the baklava!! Never, never forget the baklava, as the Armenians make it best (told you I'm biased). Fresh, delicious food that reminds me of my grandparents; I couldn't ask for much more than that.The lamb platter was excellent. The amount of food was generous for the price, especially in the city. Their menu has all the bases covered: salads, apps, vegetarian, meat, dessert. My platter came with a choice of a salad and a dip, both of which were relatively healthy options. It's nice to see that rather than a side of potato chips or cole slaw.  The place had a very family friendly vibe. I took my food to go but am looking forward to sitting in next time.I usually take out here I have never dined in for lack of time. The food is always good and customer service is always cheerful, and friendly. I love the lamb kebob sandwich is one of my personal favorites along with the babaganoush, tabouleh, and baklava with walnuts. My only complaint is while the falafel is large it is just missing something for me its not as flavorful as I'd like it to be. Overall, I love this place go at least once a week, and recommend it to everyone.The lamb platter was fantastic along with the cheese boreg and stuffed grape leaves! I've been thinking all day about the fatoush salad! Can't wait to go back and try everything else I didn't!Why did it take me so long to get to Apricot Stone??  I love Middle Eastern food so when I first read about the opening, it was on my list to try. A year later and I finally made it and now I'm a little sad I don't live or work nearby!  If I did, I could see this being a regular spot for lunch or dinner. 
The space is very small so its best to make a reservation, especially if you have more than two in your party. Its a cute, bright and cheery spot that is good for casual dining.  While we were there, a birthday party gathering was also happening, but its not a formal place if that's what you desire. 
There are many options to choose from for appetizers, dips and salads. The grape leaves were good but different from any I've had before. The cheese boreg was a little pocket of delicious.  I only ordered one but wanted a second. I got the falafel platter, all the platters come with rice pilaf, a choice of a dip, a salad and pita.  There were four large pieces of falafel and the platter was a generous serving. So many vegetarian and vegan options that are color coded on the menu.  Why doesn't every restaurant do this?? Very flavorful meal that I want again very soon!We just had a family birthday party at the restaurant and it was absolutely wonderful!  We can't say enough good things about this byob restaurant.  The food was fantastic, and the quantities were enormous.  Amazing appetizers including one of the best pieces of food I've ever put into my mouth - their hot, flaky spinach spanikopita!  The salads, the humus, the chicken and beef kabobs, all great, and the amazing desserts - especially the cheese baklava!  The ambience was perfect - cozy and beautiful and festive for a party of about 23 people.  We were able to have the whole place to ourselves for several hours at a reasonable price.  Everyone there, from the owners to the servers, were so committed to making sure everything was perfect.  We can't wait to come back when the weather is warm, to sit outside.Apricotstone is another one of Philly's great spots that had a place on my radar. I finally got to check them out in a large group dining setting for Sari A.'s final goodbye dinner.
To be honest, I took my Yelper hat off for this meal and wasn't paying as much attention to the dining details as I normally would. With that being said, I enjoyed my food, service and company.
I ordered the falafel sandwich, which was tasty but should've gone for the falafel platter. For just a small price difference, it would've came with much more. The pita wrap almost overpowered everything on the inside.
As far as group dining is concerned, I didn't actually feel like we were treated as group dinners. The service was on top of their game the entire meal.
The BYOB setting amongst a great crew made it all the more enjoyable.
Another regret would be splitting the baklava with my husband. I should've gotten one (or five) for myself.
Without a doubt, I'll be a repeat eater. I can see why everyone likes this place so much.Down the alley off of 2nd Street, on the corner at the end of the block, Apricot Stone is a surprisingly good Mediterranean place. Menu has all the typical offerings. But each was done a little bit better than what we usually encounter. The pepper and walnut spread was yummy. Hummus ok. Tazkiki sauce w cukes was decent but dried mint on the top would have been improved if fresh mint was used. My lamb kabob was overdone. Chicken shawarma was terrific. We got 3 sandwiches, one platter, 3 dip appetizer plus rice appetizer. Tab came to $65. Very decent for 4.We came here with a large group a few months ago for a friends' birthday and had a great time!  it was super affordable and we loved that it was BYO.  The server explained everything really well about the menu and helped us order the right amount of apps for the table and give recommendations on entrees for everyone.  I can't wait to come back soon.I had the opportunity to return to Apricot Stone, marking what is my fifth visit. Happily, the restaurant keeps getting better. 
My dinner partner and I share a wonderful appetizer, called muhamara. Served in a pole with pita chips, muhamara is a mix of roasted red peppers and walnuts, made into a paste like substance. It was excellent, as were the chips. We also had lahmajoun, which is their version of an Armenian pizza with meat and vegetables, which one can roll up and eat as a sandwich, or tear off pieces one by one. We shared a third appetizer of kibbeh kufteh, similar to the kibbeh you find in other Middle Eastern countries, this version prepared with bulgar wheat shells and beef. These three shared appetisers, or mezze, along with our BYO wine made a meal in itself. However, since everything was so good, we decided to share an order of their Mix Platter, which includes a choice of three dishes; lamb kebab, falafel, chicken kebab, shawarma or luleh kabob, also a beef. At $21, it was an excellent meal, as it also included a dip such as babaganoush, hummus or one of numerous options, plus a salad and rice pilaf.
The meal was terrific and surely was enough, until the waitress described an Armenian dessert called Anoush Abur, a texture something like bread pudding, but made with barley wheat, apricot, raisins and almond pudding. Well worth the finale for the evening.
Seating is both outside, as well as inside, where in the event of inclimate weather, can make seating limited, as inside seating is limited.
A great value, authentic food and very friendly ambiance. I hope this review does not prevent me from being able to get seating due to long lines in the future.My favorite spot in No Libs, actually in all of Philly. Food is delicious and atmosphere is refreshing! 
I recommend everything and anything!Fantastic experience all around. I didn't realize that it was a BYOB place so I had to run to the wine and liquor store about a five minute walk away. The waiter was very knowledgeable about making sure we had gluten-free items and that there was no cross-contamination. I loaded up on hot appetizers while my girlfriend had the kebab tasting platter. The stuffed grape leaves were out of this world and getting a dip trio gives you the option of trying several cold appetizers. I would definitely come back to this place as they have some nice outdoor seating. Not only was the food and service great, but it all came at a very reasonable price.Authentic Armenian food....made with love, experience,  and plain delicious.  I go there regularly. ...Wow! What a perfect little gem to join the neighborhood. The service was friendly, the space was great but the real winner was the food. 
I came in with a group and that allowed us to taste and sample a few of the dips and appetizers with some delicious crispy bread, the most delicious fillo dough boreg with cheese that was just ouzzing out, so so good, and of course we got some kebabs. The lamb and chicken is what we tried but I suspect they're all equally amazing in taste. I also loved the presentation. The kebabs came in the actual skewers they were cooked with! 
It is BYOB- so you just can't go wrong in any way. There is outdoor seating as well and open space around so it's very nice on to dine outside as well. 
Overall, this is an absolute must try place and I'm sure it will become one of your favorites.I was charmed by the food and the service. Delicious food I remember and will return for. Caring and sensitive staff who looked out for my tastes; saw the look on my face and suggested a substitution when I didn't speak up and ask for one (I'm not a confrontational orderer). And this was on a busy night for them! Many grateful thanks for a wonderful night out; the first free night I've had in months. Highly recommended!!I wish it was kosher. Israeli food is delicious, but the spiced meats are greater.
More Israeli salads, as wellLove this place and depending on what you get it is 5 stars.  This is a BYOB spot and you can make reservations so highly recommend you do both since it is a small restaurant.  I would recommend you start with the cheese boreg.  I tried several entrees and my favorite was the beef kebab and lamb kebab.  The chicken schwarma and falafel were pretty good but not sure if I would order those.  I also really liked the sides of hummus, lebni, babaganoush, tabouleh, and israeli salad.  Finally, you must get the baklava with cheese.  The owner claims they make this the best and I believe it.  It is made fresh in house and sometimes they run out here but I would make sure to check when you get there and reserve a few of these.  I would come back here just to get this which was amazing.I've been here a handful of times since it opened. Always a great experience! Inside is a very comfortable, neighborhood vibe - huge windows, tight tables, and awesome staff that are friendly but still have a gritty Philly attitude that most new restaurants are missing. All vegan and vegetarian items are color coded on their menu. The baba ganoush is absolutely amazing and you can't go wrong with the falafel sandwich or a salad with falafel on top. BYOB and affordable food make this yet another Northern Liberties neighborhood staple.I'm very happy to say I have finally came to apricotstone all I hear is good things about it, and it is the best Armenian and Mediterranean food I have had.  The staff is customer friendly and educate you with type of food they have and what they are made from.  If anyone wants an amazing Mediterranean food I recommend apricot stone without thinking twice you will NOT be disappointedThis place is a gem. We've been several times and it is in our neighborhood. The food is incredible!!! The service is so warm and friendly-- it feels like you are with family. I highly recommend and usually eat in so everything is hot and fresh. BYOB!Love love love this place! 
I visit philly every month and this is the newest gem in the city.
I got the kabob tasting platter (got to choose from three meats) I got the luleh, beef & chicken ...loved all three especially the rice and sides it came with. 
Overall very pleased with this place ... this is exactly what Philly needed.. A cozy Mediterranean restaurant that takes me back home.Awesome. My new favorite in the city. Great food great service. Get the dip trio and the kebab trio. Can't miss. Will be back every chance I get.Food is made with lots of heart.  Great Armenian dishes coming out of this kitchen.  Plus BYOB... can't beat that.  Owners are great.  
This place is our go-to when we're out for date night.I have yet to be disappointed by this restaurant. They are consistent in quality, service, and their prices are reasonable. Shawarma, kabobs, and the walnut/red pepper dip are go to favorites for our family, but all dishes are great!We have passed by this place multiple times and finally thought of doing a take out to avoid parking hassles near the Piazza. We ordered lahmajoun, lamb sandwich and luleh kebab sandwich. Lahmajoun was oh so awesome. Perfect quantity of meat between folded thin pita. Lamb sandwich could have been cooked a little more well but that could be a personal preference too. I don't like medium cooked meats in middle eastern cuisine. Luleh kebab was very well marinated and cooked. It was juicy and tender. We were overall pretty impressed with this place and will definitely come back to try some shawarma.Such a yummy spot! And such attentive staff. BYOB - so bring drinks.Amazing restaurant! The food is fantastic and totally authentic Armenian- would recommend the dip trio, kufteh, and lamb kabob. The owners are also wonderful and make you feel like you are in their home. The outside dining area is perfect for a nice summer day. A must try!I came here for dessert because a fellow Yelp Eliter and friend asked me to bring back a cheese baklava for him lol. If the one thing he wanted me to bring back from Philly was this dessert... I HAD to try it. 
The ambiance was great, small cozy and friendly (but I highly recommend a reservation because of the size of the place and it seems to be really popular!) 
The food was delicious I liked the cheese baklava and the cheese boreg. I'll be back to try the lamp kabobs every other table had!!
The service was also amazing (we even had someone come out to tell us how to reheat the cheese baklava we got to go so it would be just as delicious at home. Talk about great service!)Been here a ton of times, and have a soft spot in my heart for it, as it was one of the first really fantastic places that we came across upon moving to Philly. Since we live just a few blocks away, we became immediate patrons, visiting at least once a week.
It's BYOB, and they accept reservations, but you have to call to make one. My advice is to go ahead and do so, especially if you're planning to go at a peak time, as there are only a few tables.
My go to order is one the "plates". Usually the tasting with falafel, lamb kebab, and chicken schwarma. The plates are awesome, you get a ton of food (meat, rice, salad, a dip, a pita) for one low price. One of these is more than enough to fill up the average joe, fo' sho. 
I've tried most of the menu, and my favorite things are the lamb kebab, the falafel, the chicken schwarma from the mains/meats, the eggplant salad, and the babaganoush. Also, pro tip: ask for mujaddara instead of rice pilaf. It's way more delicious and unique IMO.
Since we've been so many times, there have been a few disappointments, no place can be perfect all the time. Most of these have been surrounding personnel changes that led to some issues with the service as well as the food. However, it's a fantastic little place, and we've had many more positive visits than negative. 
Over time we've discovered more of the awesome food Philly has to offer, and our visits to "the stone", as we call it, have become less and less frequent, but our fond memories and feelings for it live on!Totally random Saturday night, my friends and I wanted some Mediterranean food. We called Kanella but there was a 1.5 hour wait. So we called Apricotstone, and luckily they could seat us right away! I was so thankful! And what is even better, is apricotstone is BYOB! This was perfect, so we could save some money on booze and still have a nice dinner. And speaking of saving money, the prices are so affordable! Especially for this trendy Northern Liberties neighborhood, where I think things are a tad overpriced, apricotstone had very cheap prices for the massive portions of food you get! A huge plate of K-bobs with rice, and 2 sides was only $15. My friend had half her plate leftover for lunch the next day! 
The place was tiny small, but a lot of outside seating which was cute. The food was pretty good.  Wasn't the best middle eastern food I've had, which is why I give 4 instead of 5, but overall still very good. The grape leaves were different, brown inside (I guess they use brown rice?), but still tasted very good. The hummus was good, not amazing like Zahav, but still very good. The best tasting item we ate was actually the greek yogurt dip... WOW. That yogurt dip, was amazing. I wanted to dip everything in it, but problem was it was on my friends plate so I kept sticking my fork in her food!  The other dips are also really good. The baba ghanoush had a really smoky charcoal flavor to it, which my friends didn't like, but I loved it. The tzatziki was great, and so was the BEEF k-bobs. The beef was the most tender, better than both the chicken and the lamb. Get the Beef, it was the best, and I don't even like to eat beef! 
Overall, very good meal, for excellent prices. I'd go again.Recently started feeling more of a craving for Greek food, this place did not disappoint. Went there Friday night and didn't realize until halfway there that it was BYOB, but not to worry- there was a liquor store 5 minutes walk from the restaurant. The platters were tasty! Both and SO and I got the combo plater with the 3 meats. I had the beef, luleh, and lamb with the eggplant salsa and greek salad. All the meats were tasty but my favorite by far was the luleh. It wasn't as hard as the other 2 meats and was so flavorful! I would go back just to have the luleh. I also enjoyed both the eggplant salsa and greek salad. Portion size was just right, perfect place between full and omg I need to unbutton my jeans. I would definitely come back!We came here on a Wednesday for dinner. The place is BYOB serving Middle Eastern food. We orderd Trio dips, meat platter and armenian pizza. We found dips n chips ok. Rest everything was gr8.  Would recommend this place for some good lamb n beef dishes.Delicious food and a good atmosphere.  The night we went there were limited servers and the wait to get seated and fed was very long, but tasty once the food arrived.As a take order, this was well portioned and prepared. We purchased the chicken shawarma plate and the chicken kebab. For 2 people this was enough food for some leftovers the following day. The rice is absolutely amazing as is the tabbouleh salad. Will definitely be going back for future take out orders and to dine in since the restaurant has such a nice and cozy vibe!This place is absolutely amazing. Came here on a business trip looking for delicious Mediterranean food and this place did not disappoint. The hummus was creamy, falafel had just the perfect amount of spice, and the chicken shawarma was just amazing. We got a TON of food for an extremely reasonable price. Will definitely come here again next time I'm in Philly.Great food like everyone has said. I ordered the kebab platter which was great. The atmosphere is casual. Great for hanging with friends or a date.Best!!! Best mediterranean food I've had in a long time. I found this this place while I was in Philly for work. I went there Friday, Saturday, and Sunday before my flight, cause every bite was delicious. If you like Mediterranean food trust in this review, and go there. You're welcomeWhat a wonderful addition to the neighborhood. I ordered takeout for lunch from here today and got the kebab tasting platter with beef, lamb, chicken, hummus, and tabouleh. I'll preface my review by mentioning I take meat eating pretty seriously and when I cook at home I make sure to probe whatever I'm cooking to make sure nothing is overcooked. As soon as I walked in to pickup my order I noticed the chef in the back had something on the stove-top probed. This was a good sign. Sure enough when I got home and ate I was pleasantly surprised by the level of expertise used when cooking my kebab platter. All of the meats were superbly cooked. The beef, lamb, and chicken were all moist, tender, and deliciously seasoned with beautiful grill markings. The pilaf is also a very nice touch and was not bland at all. Hummus and Pita were delicious as well. I will definitely be eating here again in the near future. Thank you apricotstone!