Beautiful restaurant, good place for wedding, etc. They also have plenty of parkings, but the food was terrible. Maybe I'm Vietnamese so I'm more picky when it comes to Viet food. To be honest, the food was terrible. Their menu was similar to Tai-Lake restaurant (in China Town). 
When my family came on Sunday night, there were few people inside. We got inexperience waitresses, they made me feel like that day was their 1st day at restaurant.   When we asked for lemonade which wasn't in the menu, a waitress said that they can make for us. However, their lemonade was undrinkable.So we had some ups and downs with our experience here, and since it's a new place I'll try to be detailed. 
What we loved: 
The decor is great, it's got a nice vibe and would be a good date location. 
The staff were friendly and welcoming 
The shrimp puffs that they give complimentary were very good
Crystal Shrimp Dumplings; delicious
Singapore Noodles- were stellar and super reasonably priced
What we didn't like 
First, it's BYOB and normally I would love this, it just wasn't advertised as such and doesn't say anywhere on the menu. (FYI the grocery across the street does sell wine now though) 
- The staff still seem to be getting their system down.  Food and drink were brought to the wrong tables or dropped at significantly different times.  My entree was dropped almost 15 minutes before my fiance's.  
- The menu was a bit confusing.  They have a lot of options but there are no descriptions of anything so you are left wondering what is in it or what to expect
- the Duck Hot pot was extremely disappointing.  It had good flavors but was 90% potato and what duck was in the dish was filled with bones. They also upcharge 2$ for a side of rice which is a bit ridiculous 
- The juice options sound fancy, but they literally dropped a plastic container of oj on my table- very out of place with the overall feel of the restaurant
Overall, we'll go back. We hope that a lot of these issues will be resolved as they get their feet under them.  They've only been open for a week and the menu has potential, some of the other things they need to figure out though.First and foremost, this place is beautiful. Love love love the atmosphere! The boss lady is very nice and welcoming. 
Finally shaking crab in South Philly. Flavor was good. It wasn't the best I had but I can say I don't mind returning for more. 
Pineapple ribs was really good. Flavoring was just right. Not too sweet and not too sour. The consistency of the sauce was perfect as well. Definitely will order that again. 
Salt and pepper silver fish, it was ok. I believe just a little more salt and pepper and it would be more tasty. 
Fried spring roll was probably the least favorite or our order. I really didn't like it. The cabbage over powered all the flavor. Didn't like the Baby shrimp that was in it. There was barely no flavor but the cabbage. 
Overall, I wouldn't mind returning again.My wife, son and I just returned from dinner at this South Philadelphia restaurant. What a delight! The food is fresh, delectable and elegantly presented; the waitstaff is as attentive and caring as any we've encountered; the decor is exquisite; and the owner, Estelle Nguyen, is amiable and gracious, and takes the time to stop at every table to greet her patrons. Oh, and the restaurant is spotless and the gleaming, marbled restrooms look like what you might see at a fine hotel. Great place. Thanks, Estelle. 
Vince KasperWe found this place when we were searching for late dinner on 12/28/16 after a long day of traveling and enjoying center city.  The place was empty when we arrived at 8:50 pm; it was tastefully decorated and the staff friendly.  We ordered hot and sour soup (my spouse's standard for evaluating Asian food) which was served quickly.  The broth was filled with veggies and pork and was very tasty.  We asked the server to clarify some dishes (glad we did since some of their recipes are different than the familiar-to-us way of serving some dishes).  We settled on Sauteed String Bean with ground pork and pickled veggies and Singapore noodles.  Both were delicious, an ample portion and garnished with attractive vegetable flowers.  We had a very nice meal with leftovers. A little pricey but the food was good enough to warrant the price - and the parking lot was a definite bonus!Bun bo hue taste awesome !! I eat here every weekend with my girlfriend and ended up getting fat togethet which is lovely and awesome at the same time. Definitely come back here again to get fatterGood service. Complimentary crackers. Lunch special comes with rice and spring roll. It is OK. My shrimp dumplings are pretty good. I will give this place another tryGreat place for lunch and it is decorated beautifully. Me and my coworker paid less than $8.00 for a complete meal which included soup, meat (I had sweet and sour chicken and my coworker had beef), rice, vegetables and a spring roll. It was just enough food for the right price. Highly recommended for lunchI have been this place three times since I tried it first time during past month. I really enjoy the atmosphere and vibe , deco , etc.  I don't think many people aware of this banquet dining in lower South. Price is premium price but it worth it, and probably the best Fine dining Chinese restaurant in Philly. If you are looking for family reunion, bday party or special event, please give it a try and no bother to trip to Chinatown .The restaurant is beautiful! the owners are very friendly. The foods are very good!  Very Highly recommended!!!This is the best place for wedding venue in Philadelphia! the food and service are very good, friendly staff, and the decor is very modern. The owner is quite creative with decor ideas, you will have plenty of options to choose from for your perfect wedding!Walked in and immediately thought I was in a fine dining restaurant in center city. This place is beautiful and the food is very light and fresh~! Since it was my first time there I ordered the staples.  Won ton soup was light and flavored perfectly. The spring rolls were generous with shrimp and light.  The shrimp fried rice was perfect, I can't get over the decor.  Its a BYOB and I thought the prices were low considering the freshness of the food. The waiter was kind and gave us a tour of the rooms and upstairs banquet hall. What a difference they made there.  I can't wait to go back and try other items !Went here for my friends wedding.  Food wasn't as great as china town but the atmosphere is amazing and not cramped up like other China town weddings & terrible parking.  At least there's plenty of parking here! Going to give it a 4 StarThe restaurant was beautiful and very very clean. Food was amazing and prices were great! Ample parking which is hard to find in south philly.Just had dinner here for Valentine's Day. Very pleased with the food and service. My boyfriend and I got wonton, steamed mixed dumplings, beef lo mein, general tsos, and shrimp fried rice. All of it was absolutely amazing!! Definitely recommend this place.Beautiful atmosphere. Bathrooms beautiful and clean. Always a determining factor w/me. If the  bathrooms are clean i can feel comfortable eating there because that shows they're conscious of cleanliness. 
Food Amazing!! My husband and  I ordered General Tsao Shrimp. The sauce very good. Jumbo Shrimp lightly beaded. My sister order Singapore Noodles (ordering next time)  
Service- fast, Very Friendly. 
I didnt like the jasmine tea so much but did like the green tea.Excellent food but portions are small as other reviewers have said. The service at lunch was quick both times I came here. Restaurant is beautifully decorated so a great place for events.So my mom and brother wanted to try this place out on opening day. When we got there, it was towards the end of the Night. It wasn't too business and we were greeted promptly. The interior was pretty nice, and the server that took us to our table was friendly.Excellent food, service, and atmosphere. Everything was delicious. Some of the best dumplings I've ever had, definitely recommend trying them. Will be coming here often for sure.Update: I came back here twice after the last time. Why? Well, Because of my friend birthday, and baby shower. They have really nice upstairs venue, and private room for events. Even though, I haven't change my opinion about their food, I gave the place 1 more star for the staffs and decoration.The place is very nice looking the food was tasty a little pricey for the portion size the service was subpar and confusing after being seated had to wait for menus this place needs servers that can explain the menu waiter seemed like he didn't really want to be there I order a beer and had to asked again after twenty minutes and the place was empty on a Friday night unless they improve on there wait staff I just don't see this place making it. Like I said nice place owner was nice wait staff needs improvingMy first time at this restaurant and it was great. The atmosphere was elegant, nice, and clean. Waiters were friendly and helpful. The food was good as well!Went there with a group of 8 on a weeknight to check it out. Service was good in my Opinion. The staff was quite attentive to our table. The decor is beautiful , however it does not make up for the mediocre food that was served to us. Our $25 sweet and sour fish soup was mostly bones , so if you don't like picking small bones out of your throat, don't waste your $ on this dish. We also ordered the jumbo walnut shrimp, which wasn't so jumbo to say the least. The only two food I found good were the cold jelly fish and the sizzling beef. However! One of my biggest pet peeve is when an Asian restaurant charges for individual small bowls of rice at $2 a pop. Com' man! What do they expect us to eat the entrees with?Pleasant surprised with the food selection, presentation and overall taste.  Food was very good and fresh.  Taste better than actual China town in local South Philly.  
Wasn't happy with paying an $8.00 fee to open a bottle of wine since it was BYOB.  Next time I will bring my own cork screw.  Hoping they get a liquor license.   Food was very tasty and our party of 5 were all impressed.  The qual was fabulous.  Really enjoyed the atmosphere and the quality
of food without having to drive to 9th & Race.     We will definitely come back.Great food, had the short ribs, the green beans with pork, H+S soup. Next time I will broaden things out. But going back soonThe Asian food is authentic and actually really really good. The waitress said this will be the best salty fish fried rice in South Philly and if it is then give her a good rating on yelp. So here's my review and rating. Pretty nice place.Let me first say the food was above average. Now the issues with this restaurant needs to improve.
Some orders at my table either came out extremely late or never came which made a few of my friends cancel their order because of the long wait. They need to fix how the orders get sent to the kitchen and should come out together.Place was terrible. Came here for Father's Day and not worth the time. Rice was under cooked, all the meat was extremely fatty, and the portions are not worth the pay. The price for just a soda was $2.50 and a water is $2. The staff barely paid any attention to us, barely got anything to drink because of the lack of service and overall the food was not good. Do not recommend this place!!!If you would like to try something different then the usual Chinese food . Then Asia Palace is the place for you . I believe you get what you pay for and have not been disappointed.I'll try this place again if and when they choose to be Chinese or Vietnamese. There's a shortage of good clean Chinese restaurants in South Philly as most are dark, dingy and dirty. Asian Palace looks good but food is mediocre. The wonton soup was tasteless, the dumplings soggy and the Szecxhuan looked more like Pho, which I do like.This space is amazing! Very clean and the food is both fresh and tasty. A friend of mine recommended this spot for their General Tso's chicken and it didn't disappoint. Look for more pictures on his Instagram @tastyjawnz
-EMy Fiance and I had our Bridal Reception here. We wanted to have a Bridal Reception to honor my side of the family and our cultural traditions. Estelle (Restaurant Manager) took care of us from the start to the end. We live out of state so she worked with my mom and me to communicate and was always available. The restaurant was beautifully decorated by her and her team. When we arrived, we were so happy with the elegant and modern decorations. The facility was also clean and well kept. 
We thought the food was fantastic and was so happy when we had some guests tell us it was the best banquet food they have had in a long time!
She gave great recommendations to other vendors we needed too.  Needless to say we had a wonderful time and could not have imagined it going this well anywhere else. THANK YOU!My husband and I recently had our wedding here the past weekend and what can I say, this place is absolutely amazing and modern!! From the greeting room, reception room, cake, and decorations, everything was magical, beautiful and just perfect. Our guests couldn't stop talking about how delicious the food was, how extravagant the place look and how much fun the wedding was! We would highly recommend this place to our friends and family who are planning anything, thank you, thank you for such a wonderful experience!!! Also, Estelle and her hyper, ecstatic personality makes wedding planning very fun!! She really takes care of you and decorates everything just the way you want it and more!!Is here an option for zero stars? We ordered take out from here. First off, the messed up my order. But that's not why I'm writing his review. I paid with my debit card. I did not tip because it was take out. Two days later when I checked my bank statement, there was an extra 20 dollars added on to the total as if I wrote on the receipt for 20$ tip (which I didn't). My total was 30.14 and the finalized total was 50.39. Very shady. Luckily I called my bank to have the charge disputed.I can't believe more people aren't coming here. The decor is absolutely beautiful. They have a second floor and a side room for large parties. The service here is great, which is something you can't get in Chinatown. This is going to be my new go to spot just so I can avoid going to Chinatown. Free and easy parking, great food and I don't have to go to a dirty bathroom! Just be sure to ask for the Asian menu, unless you prefer the American version. The Peking duck is better than the place on 9th (you know who). The salt and pepper seafood is great. They cut the heads off the shrimp, but I'm ok with that. Sizzling beef was also very good. I  don't remember seeing salt fish fried rice on the menu, but I know I had it at a party I attended on the second floor a while back. They don't have liquor yet, but I think you can bring your own. Stop fighting through the chaos of the city and enjoy great food and service here. I highly recommend!Wow wow that's all I can say, one how horrible the food and service was at this place. It's smelled like a basement in their to start off, the staff was rude and inconsiderate. They try to rush my family and I out of the restaurant. The cook in the back was smoking cigars wow making our food. The owner came over and smelled like alley cat and piss. The food tasted like dog meat, their was a litter box near the doorway to go into the kitchen. The tables where very dirty. We had to asked 3 times for them to clean them. We rejected to evening taking the food due to the rudeness we received. I would say by far the worst restaurant we have ever ate or attempt to eat at... F'ed this place..My wife and I had our wedding reception here this past weekend. Before we chose this place, we had visited other venues. This place was hands-down the best place for what we're looking for: location, elegance, modern and cleanliness, at a reasonable price.
Estelle was an absolute sweetheart and took us through every step of the process. There were other things that she gave us insight and advice on that we never thought of or considered before our big night. Believe me, these recommendations saved us a lot of headaches and frustration. My wife is the chill one in the relationship, and I'm usually the very skeptical person when it comes to things like this; I never once doubted that Estelle would be able to deliver what she had promised us. That's how at ease she made us feel.
Now to the big day, EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT!!! The tables were laid out elegantly; the lighting was fantastic; everything to the tinniest of things were in harmony. The truth is, if my wife was happy, I was going to be happy. She was beyond happy!!!
What about the most important thing, the food? How many times have you been to a wedding reception and there was either not enough food or too much of bad food? Well, we had the best of both worlds, WE HAD A LOT OF GREAT FOOD!!! We paid for the top course on the menu, and got exactly what we paid for. The seafood was fresh, the lobsters were meaty, the Peking duck was crispy (the bun was so soft and fluffy). There was so much food that I didn't see any table not packing some to go for lunch the next day. The guests raved about the food.
In summary, Estelle was a consummate professional and had our best interest at heart. Sure, she has a business to run, but I never had the feeling that she was all in it for the money. You can tell that she puts her heart in everything that she does. On behalf of Anni and I, thank you Estelle for making our most important day a memorable one and taking such good care of us!!!Amazing food & very nice ambience! The owner Estelle is very polite and attentive. I highly recommend this restaurant as my new neighborhood go to!!Came here last night with a group of 9 people total. This was my second visit. My first visit was about 3 weeks ago for my cousin birthday and the food tasted fine so decide to come here with my friends last night for dinner. Here's my overall experience based on last night's visit only. 
The food was very pricey and the portion was very small "individual serving" as we were told by the owner. I understand we have a large party but it's pretty bad when you have to cut a piece of squid or shrimp in 1/2 just so everyone can have a taste of the dish. We have to keep asking for water refill service definitely need some improvement. We ordered 9 dishes but everyone  left hungry, we all ended up going to Chinatown for round 2. We had to picked up buns from the bakery and wings from David's to fill us up.One star is for the food. Very tasty. However, we will never eat here again or use this venue. First, we were told that we can bring in our alcohol. The owner waited three hours before the party to say we can't and had to buy from the restaurant. Not nice and sneaky! We booked 8 tables at $450 each for a 10 course meal. We only received 8 dishes. I didn't realize this till I get home and spoke to my guests. I was busy hosting the party so had no idea that not all the food came out. At the end of the party, the owner charged us $8 for one liter soda. That's OUTRAGEOUS!! We had to pay $160 for 20 bottles of 1 liter of sodas! First, we didn't order the soda. There were 2 bottles of sodas at each table. We thought it was complimentary like ALL of the other chinese restaurants in Chinatown. VERY SNEAKY. Beware when booking this restaurant. Have everything in writing is my best advice to you.My Weekend devours walked with me to @asianpalacerestaurant ; located on the NW corner of 20th st and Oregon Ave. this is a very huge establishment hosting catering events such as weddings, graduation parties, and etc; while also hosting a full restaurant that's fully furnished and decorated with lovely flowers  and vines. The lighting it perfect for all dates and pictures. The server was very young and very nice and well educated about the two menus that were being served. She was very helpful throughout the night and continuously checked up on the status of the dinner . They had both a Asian menu and a full seafood  menu. Their drink menu is very diverse with over 10 cocktails and over 11 imported beers. All of the food was ordered from the seafood menu by which the front of the menu had its simple yet really affordable appetizers. On the back of the menu is where it got good . On the back of the menu what is the amount of steamed seafood you can order along with all of their signature sauces. They also serve three different combos of Seafood boil's. First order was the fried calamari that was served with spicy duck sauce, which was really good and tasty. However, the fried calamari didn't really hold any competition with the salt and pepper fried shrimp  that was ordered next. The salt and pepper shrimp were full size prawns  with the heads still attached on them. They were fried to perfection yet being fried with the shell still on them. Yet, That didn't matter nor did it stop me from devouring the whole prawn ‍. Next was steamed shrimp in they're very spicy Cajun sauce; and the Steamed Dungeness crab legs  served in their signature medium hot Cajun sauce. Both were very juicy and FULL of flavor. The bid and gloves served no justice AT ALL ‍. If you find yourself in the south Philadelphia area and wanting seafood that's not expensive and a really kool date/celebration spot! Go check out @asianpalacerestaurant and the delicious seafood creations that are served there! Oh yeah tell them Shimmydevours sent you! #celebration #asian #calamari  #shrimp #dungenesscrab #cajunfood #beer #bar #food #foodie #foodphotographyThis review is mostly about the current covid situation. As I've never been here before. The place looked beautiful and its my understanding they mostly host events. We were here for a wedding. The food was subpar but not worth writing a review about. My bigger concern was the management of the event and how they are protecting customers.
Bc of Covid they were doing food service differently. Which seemed to be only in the interest of the staff. From what I've heard about service before covid, the previous way sounds safer. For a party of 60, 4 at each table, they set up one 8 ft table for food service. The entire party people were in line right on top of the stage and each other to get food, everyone touching the same service spoons and having to make multiple trips b.c food came out in phases. The line wasn't distanced and many in the party are now freaked out b.c we've learned one person present has tested positive. Which means most everyone there was in line with her and touching things she had touched. The management of the staff serving food took up 90% of the allotted time for the event. The poor emcee had to cut some of his activities b.c we were simply out of time and the cake was available to cut only after half the guest had left bc it was so late. 
The staff also seemed bothered by having to interact with tables which left most of us without drinks for the entirety of dinner which was particularly troubling as I'm seven months pregnant. I asked several times for a drink and the staff seemed annoyed to help. Im so disappointed for this poor bride and groom, thankfully they seemed to have a great time. Just wanted to make sure people are aware.I pay for my son graduation family dinner for two tables it cost $358 per table and I brought cookies also 3 bottles One litter soda they charge me for $20 extra for the soda , they say their rule of their restaurant. All my family say they never and ever go there again. It's insane...!
Party or family dinner should included soda because it's $358 dollars per table. Most Chinatown they do most of restaurants,but we want to try the foods there. The manager gave us two glass of ice that they charge us. 20 people two glass of ice and  all other my kids they have to drink hot soda.  
On Sunday Father's Day June 16,2019 also they should give it to us free of charge because we didn't know their rule should give us warnings its okay too. 
 I just want to let the the owner knows We don't get poor or rich in $20 dollars,but it's just disappointed our family.
My first time there and I wanted to do my oldest son for temple graduation big party upstairs. Now no thank  you . We consider go to Ocean City restaurant at Chinatown better then you. The place is huge upstairs we try dim sums and dinner couple times at Ocean City Rest. The food  is good the owner and the servers are great friendly most importantly they come to talk to you or ask you what else do need .
Corkage fee for Alcohol not soda 1 litter of 3 bottles 20 people that we have for two tables that I bought with me. 
Thanks anyway and no thanks you never seen us again. 
The manager are rude too. The prices are too high also 
Nice place - bad services - bad attitude- bull shit service I ever seen in my life .
They charge nickels and dimes in that restaurant 
Good luck with your business and I hope you don't close the door soon. 1 star luckily no zero stars for me. I'm  the father of my son graduation party and Father's Day too. Disappointed
Look at my 2 tables nobody drink wine or alcohol 
My kids drink hot soda because they don't give us glass of ice. Does the owner knows what is Corkage meaning. They should google before they charge the customers. 
Never ever do any party or special events in Asian Palace . Not or never recommend this place  to anybody ...! Pieces shit ...!This place is consider new in town. The location is great with parking lots so u dont have to worry bout paying parking fee like in chinatown. 
The place is beautiful and it really great for party. I tried to have dinner with my husband and toddler son. It was Saturday night, but only me and another guess. I saw only 2 waitresses. The service was okay, I just dont agree that u clean the table while we're still sitting there. 
The menus are similar like u get in chinatown. We ordered dumplings, seafood and spinach soup, sweet and sour fish, crispy spicy beef. It tasted okay. Not so fabulous, but decent enough. I paid for 58 dolars. The price is higher than David's, but i like David's more. 
U can try to eat here if u need a beautiful place to eat. Or if u are too lazy to go to chinatown.Asian Palace helped my mom plan an amazing 50th bday bash! Phuong, the owner, was a great help throughout the entire process and the party was a huge success! The food has been consistently delicious (as remarked by my Vietnamese family as well), and we are so happy we chose this as our venue to celebrate my mom's special day. The venue is the most elegant and clean in comparison to the other Asian places I've been to in the Philly area, and the service by our three waiters was astounding. Any time a request was made, the waiter came back in less than 3 minutes and was friendly throughout the entire night. 3 waiters for 80 guests and extremely efficient.. that is impressive! Thank you Asian Palace, we will be back!!Food and service were great.  The chicest Asian restaurant I've seen.  Will host a party here very soon.Visually it's a beautiful venue to host an event. Despite the restaurant/venue being new the staff are quite new as well and have not been trained proper serving etiquettes. For this place to be named a premiere venue for events the owner and management are not accommodating at all. Employees were not aware of the schedule and had to wait for the owner/management. The owner prefers Wedding parties and considers it their primary source of event and will only offer Fridays or Sundays for non wedding events. To market that they can accommodate all types of events is a bit misleading and false advertising. They definitely started off on the wrong foot by declining non wedding events on Saturdays, not a way to start a business, you would assume corporate events and birthdays are just as special when trying to give your business exposure. Will definitely not recommend to family, friends or co-workers for this reason.If it was possible to give them a negative rating, I would totally do it.
The owner is so sweet in the beginning, "of course hunnay," but after she got the money, there comes issues here and there.
I had book this place for a wedding and made a deposit, after receiving the money, this is an up charge and we can't do this and that.  
I have heard many bad things about the owner and the restaurant afterwards. I should've asked around before making my decision.  However, in the end, it was too close to my wedding and she wanted to this and that extra. I ended cancelling and going to another restaurant. It was the best choice we've ever made!  
Avoid this place.We celebrated a birthday / retirement / family reunion here, and couldn't have asked for a better venue! Their service was impeccable and the food was excellent. The restaurant is very clean and classy, and everyone at the restaurant made our get together easy and enjoyable. We ordered off their best set menu, and I highly recommend it! Many thanks to Asian Palace for everything they did for us.What a GREEDY, UNPROFESSIONAL place this is!!!  My sister held a graduation party here for her son on Father's Day, two tables.  Now, this is our first time at this restaurant since we usually go to the same place when there is a celebration.  Food was good and the decor was nice.  BUT, we can't deal with the HORRIBLE service that was given to us that night.  We regret choosing to spend $1000 on this place!  As expensive as this place was ALREADY, it should have included at least a bottle of soda, but NO!  the Manager shook her head at us and charged $20 for CORKAGE FEE bc she saw us buy soda from outside.  Apparently, the fee came with glass and ice.   Well, there was NO ice provided, and to top it all off, they decided to tack on 20% tip without even telling us beforehand or ask for our damn permission!  What kind of restaurant does this?!  I was thinking about doing my daughters Baptism dinner here for 5 tables, but I WILL NEVER step foot in your restaurant ever again.  Your greediness cost you thousands in return.  Good job guys, you should know better than this.This place is awful. The food was limp and flavorless. The booth was covered in tiny gnats. And they're charging a 15% surcharge for the pleasure.Mixed feelings about this place - in many ways, the space and decor seems like an ideal place for hosting large events, especially if you want a festive Chinese feel to it. On the other hand, I think their pricing seems questionable, and I felt rather duped during my dining experience here. 
For starters, their food is meh. But what was worse is that for the dinner event being hosted at the Asian Palace, the meal was advertised as an 8-course meal (you think wow!) and then you find out it's really more like 4 large dishes that they bring out one at a time (what in the world). They included cut up oranges as part of their 8 courses for "dessert" (um, excuse me?). One of the "courses" was rice, and another "course" was rice crackers (o.o). Many of us at the table were definitely still hungry by the end of the meal. 
Oh another funny part of the story, dumplings were supposed to be served as part of the "course menu" and somehow it just got skipped. At the end of the meal, when our table asked why we had never got dumplings, they said sorry there isn't any left (I think maybe two or three other tables had gotten dumplings earlier on). We were not happy as we were still hungry, and then all of a sudden the server was like, "actually wait, let me check" and goes back to the kitchen. Literally 2 minutes later, they come out with multiple plates and plates of hot steaming dumplings for the different tables. Were they just lying to us before? Clearly they had cooked and ready but was just going to bypass it for some unbeknownst reason. 
I personally had a great evening with friends, as the dinner event was hosted through a school program, but the cost + food + service left much wanting in my opinion.Very clean food is ok I went here for my friends engagement party. 200 people is quite a partyFood was ok, service is terrible!!! we order bowl of soup for the table, they bring the soup without small bowls!!! hot tea, they charge $1.50/per person WTH!!! "mini" mayonnaise shrimp got too much breading and little sauce!!! The "reusable"  hot towel  is the same towel they have in the bathroom which is also "reusable" disgusting!!!Glad I finally tried this place. It is beautiful, fancy looking. Venue upstairs and party room downstairs that's separated from the dining room. They are BYOB however I believe there is a high corkage fee which I found pretty odd. Service isn't the quickest or most attentive, however, all you have to do is wave them down
Food : we got the shrimp mayo and fried squid tentacles which I found good. The batter on both isn't your typical fatty disgusting batter (cheap tasting) that you get at most Chinese food restaurants (at 4am after drinking all night), but instead it's lightly batter in what tasted like a mix of all purpose flour with a pinch of pastry flour, it was a hint of sweetness which was nice as opposed to the salty ones I've had. 
Nice place to come for a quick bite or dinner with your favorite sister (like I did)! I was told the venue upstairs is amazing for weddings and birthdays. I'm happy to have this addition to the other side of south philly and not have to travel to Chinatown or Washington Avenue for good Chinese food. I highly recommend !My family and I first tried this restaurant on Chinese New Year, and we thoroughly enjoyed all of the dishes. The customer service was superb, and the venue is quite beautiful and clean. This particular location caters to weddings and special events on the 2nd floor, so it is definitely recommended. Last night, my family and I tried snow pea tips, fried silken tofu stuffed with shrimp, seafood pan fried noodles, fish stomach braised in a clay pot, salt baked pork chops, and seafood mixed with lotus root. All of the dishes were well seasoned, well-prepared, and delicious. I especially recommend the crispy salt-baked pork chops. I am not quite sure what the other reviewer was complaining about in regards to the portion size, as they were comparable to any other restaurant in Chinatown. 
Yes, the location perhaps leave a bit to be desired, but at the same time, you cannot complain about free parking, a beautiful venue, authentic food, and great service. There really is no reason for my family to drive into Chinatown for a wonderful dinner anymore. I give wonderful props to Estelle and her team for a great dining experience.