I really liked a lot of things about this place. We got the fried green tomatoes in a yogurt sauce which was tasty. I got a burger and a side salad both really flavorful. My fiancé got the burger with steak fries and he really liked it. 
The vibe was awesome. They placed great music and can't go wrong with candlelight low lighting. So happy a decent place opened in the Fairmount area.The chef's take on adding new twists and flavors to food was breathtaking. The waiter was so friendly and contributed to the good environment. The sriracha buffalo wings and charred octopus are a go-to. For drinks, you can't get better than the Freshies. Would visit here often if I lived in the area.After 4 visits I can report it is regularly mediocre. The prices are high for marginal food, and excessive for drinks. There are far better options in the neighborhood, which is telling as we have so few good options in Fairmount.I am so happy Bad Brother has moved into Fairmount! It is an awesome spot. The owners are clearly invested in the business and make and effort to talk to everyone and get their feedback. Haven't tried the food yet so I'll be sure to update this review once I do that. The drinks were great, good beer list. Overall I'm excited for a new spot in the neighborhood!This place is awesome. The brothers are fantastic and personable, but also provide efficient service. The food is a huge step up from the typical bar/hub scene, and they have a great drink selection. This has become one of my go-to spots with friends in the neighborhood for football games and dinners!As good as it gets in Fairmount! Food is delicious and great vibes to share a drink with friends & distract yourself from how bad the Eagles are. Owners are good people and the bartender Mike is the homie! Will hook it up with some fire drinks & conversation. Can't recommend this place more - come check it out after you hit that eastern state penitentiary tourWow, this place is simply amazing. Talk about a hidden gem. The atmosphere is chill and welcoming but their food and drink selection feels like an upscale NYC restaurant. The owners, Nick and CJ, are excellent and accommodating hosts while the head chef, Justin, makes you feel like he's prepared your meal especially for you. 
For a bar that's made its name off of their lengthy local beer tap selection, they have a great selection of wine. If you're in or near the Philly area and you don't stop by this restaurant, you're only doing a disservice to yourself.My husband and I wondered in here while walking around Philly on vacation. I would definitely call it a locals spot, but they were very nice to us! Small menu.... but that's a good sign! Husband had the burger, while I had the chorizo roll!!! Sesame bun was toasted perfectly, and the flavor was smashing! Would recommend 100x over! Large portions, perfectly cooked, fresh & affordable!!!Can't believe it took so long to get here but now that we tried it we will be back often!! Stopped in for dinner tonight and had a delicious meal with awesome service at the bar. We had the pleasure of meeting one of the brothers, Michael, who was super friendly and helpful. They have a great chef and an awesome beer list. The bar has a super friendly atmosphere with two TVs in case you want to watch sports. 
Can't wait to come backCame in with my fiancé for a dinner date as we were celebrating our engagement. The beer was only 4.50 for a pint during happy hour and they had a crazy selection (not your usual basic bud light and Yuengling). We got some cheese and bread to start, which was delicious and $3 on happy hour. We then got the broccoli and cheddar ravioli and the burger and split both. The ravioli was amazing and the burger was one of the best in the city. The staff were super friendly and surprised us with a complimentary German Apple cake for dessert. We live in the area and are SO happy to have a small, homey restaurant that's focused on good food and good people. We can't wait to come back and couldn't recommend this place enough.Great more low key bar than others in the area. Cool music and atmosphere. Food was excellent! Good beer selection. One of my new favorite spots.Stopped in last night with a buddy of mine.  Place had a good crowd going.  Service was great, Kyle was able to make a smooth local version of one my fav classic cocktails.  Burger was really good, but I gotta talk about the fries. Super crispy on outside soft inside and had a good seasoning.  Definitely will be back!Quick update that I walked in last Saturday (2/29) in the late afternoon/early evening for happy hour with a few friends, and we had a fantastic time.  The tempura mushrooms on the current menu are among the best dishes I've eaten so far in 2020.Awesome place! Been there twice and both times the service was super friendly and the food was delicious. You can tell the kitchen knows what they're doing. The menu changes regularly to reflect seasonal ingredients and the flavor combos are interesting. There are also vegan and vegetarian options - the last time we were there we had a roasted carrot and hummus dish that was incredibly tasty, and the first time we went the waitress was very helpful in identifying dishes I could eat while avoiding dairy. Only complaint is that the fries that came with my husband's burger were too salty. Otherwise, will definitely be going back here and hope others in the neighborhood (and beyond) check it out!Stopped by for brunch today.  Had french toast with a peach topping, mascarpone cheese and walnuts.  So good!  Really enjoyed the two-piece light jazz combo. Nice ambience.  Can't wait to go back!This Fairmont neighborhood gem is so much more than just a bar. While visiting family here we had dinner Wednesday evening at Bad Brother. They were running specials on cheese and bottles of wine. The cheese plate was artfully presented and tasted as good as it looked. It came with an ample side of toasted bread. We also had the roasted carrots and humus and shared the sausage roll with a bottle of wine. The meal was exceptional as was the service which was efficient and friendly.  I highly recommend Bad Brother which is so much more than a bar serving food.Bad Brother is a treasure for many reasons - the quaint Fairmount location surrounded by colorful homes, the friendly staff and family atmosphere. But most importantly, something needs to be addressed: these are the best wings in Philadelphia. As a Certified Wing Specialist, I'm usually a dive bar purist. However, their Asian-inspired take is an experience so special I'd call it religious. The donuts are in a lane of their own, too. Protect Bad Brother at all costs.Loved the sausage rolls, the pear ricotta donuts, and the fries!
Bartenders were really friendly too. Definitely recommend.I've been here twice, since they opened up in the neighborhood. The food is definitely good and artsy. The menu is small and so they are able to really craft everything nicely. The service was good. I really miss Bridgid's, the previous restaurant so coming here bring back some memories. I often time come here to escape the crowded Black Taxi restaurant nearby. On my recent visit, I enjoyed the people who sat nearby on the bar.Delicious food, great staff. Each entree and app was exotic in its own way. looking forward to coming here again.This place is awesome. Such a gem. So few bars offer food of this quality, and the bartenders and owners know everything about every drink on the menu. I've been multiple times (and will go many more), and each time I've appreciated the excitement these guys have for what they do. The menu rotates (also awesome), but make sure to check out the chicken with peach and sweet potato before it comes off. Can't recommend this place enough! A new Fairmount staple.This place is fantastic. From the service to the food to the ambiance. Definitely check it out and support this amazing local hot spot.I really enjoyed the food and beverage here. Great selection of draft beer, and canned beers, if you are into brews. I enjoyed my meal, a cheeseburger hoagie, it was a good portion as well. My only complaint was the lack of vegetarian or just simply not meat-heavy options. I was looking for something a little bit lighter, and the cheese burger was the lightest option on the menu.I am back again for my 2nd five star review. A few weeks ago I wrote about how the winter salad is to date my favorite item from BB (still hoping they bring that back!). Ladies and gents, we have a new contender - the beet sandwich. I had it less than 48 hours ago and have probably told 15 people about it. I have not stopped thinking about it since Saturday night. I'm sure all the meat lovers are rolling their eyes, wondering why one would order a beet sandwich over the burger or the sausage roll.  Well, just trust me on this one. And if not, then there will be more beet sandwiches for me!Here's the backstory - i thought i had made a reservation for dinner, but, not the first time, Resy screwed it up and we ended up standing in the dining room on a fully booked Saturday night with no table and nowhere to eat.  The manager looked up  my name in Resy, and found our previous reservation along with a three star review i had posted on the Resy website after eating there when they first opened.  "Oh, you didn't like your meal here last time" he said, but still found us a table he didn't have to.  "Hope you have a better meal tonight".  Oops.  We were grateful for the table and placed our order.  In fairness, just seating us under the circumstances deserved a star on its own but the food was excellent.  We ordered the bread and ramp compound butter - pleasantly flavorful and thankfully not over salty (I'm supposed to avoid salt), the gem salad which was delicious, and the fish and chips with pea puree along with the ricotta spinach gnudi with mitaki mushrooms.  Both entrees were well cooked, well seasoned, and very flavorful.  Delicious.  Before Bad Brother took over the location,  Brigids was the go to neighborhood gastropub before the quality of the food declined to the point where they ended up closing.  We gave Bad Brother a mediocre review when they started up, and i think it was deserved.  Today, however, Bad Brother appears to have found its footing and we're excited both to return and to have a neighborhood go to spot once again.  Heartily recommended!I wanted to love this place as so many others in the neighborhood have but was underwhlemed. When we went they were out of one of the beers we requested and seemingly half of the menu items. The server was relatively unapologetic towards it. I found the menu sparse and expensive.I was disappointed with my yelp recommendation for breakfast so I was a bit hesitant with this place.  The outside is very unassuming and at first I thought it was just a bar with some food additions but the seating for food goes up to 3rd floor.  The food was exceptional for a bar and it was quiet a surprise.  It was great. I would come back again with a large group and all.  I ordered the potato soup, quinoa bowl and extra order of fries which is potato wedges.  I ate all vegetarian today even tho I am not but it was very good.Definitely my another go-to spot in the neighborhood. Its food is more than just regular bar food, which is my like. Glad we have another nice bar around.Awesome service. Staff is very attentive and super friendly. Great beer selection on tap too!This place is fire. Nice owners, friendly staff. I'd come here for a birds game or just a casual drink. I wouldn't say it's cheap, but it's fairly priced for the neighborhood it's in. It's Philly, after all.Menu is interesting and we decided on the classic combo: jumbo sausage sandwich, wings, and thick cut fries. When they say "jumbo" they MEAN IT. Somehow they managed to make the thick cut fries crispy and they came with a delicious dipping sauce. Amazing value for the price.Wow. Didn't really know what to expect and we're blown away. Zucchini and lamb tartare appetizers with awesome and nuanced and delicious. Tuna and hanger steak entrees were excellent. Very, very happy, will definitely be back!Small new restaurant in the fairmount neighborhood. I got the sausage roll and cheese burger. The sausage rolls was amazing and basically enough for two people- highly recommend. A spicy blend of sausage with queso on a bread roll. Cheese burger did not disappoint either. The staff was great as well. Definitely worth the visit.My boyfriend and I have been frequenting Bad Brother since we moved to Fairmount earlier in 2020 and have consistently been impressed with the quality of the food. We have recently been getting their takeout, which has remained excellent. I ordered their new scallop dish, with was served with lentils, sweet potato chips, and this amazing cauliflower puree. The scallops were cooked perfectly, and all of the flavors complimented each other well. My boyfriend had their cheeseburger (one of our favorites!) which is top-notch. We appreciate that they frequently change their menu but keep the favorites! Everyone who works there is so friendly, knowledgeable, and genuinely appreciative of your business. I would highly recommend supporting this local business, either through dining outside or ordering takeout or to-go drinks!Love their seasonal drink menu. Such a cute spot right in the neighborhood. The bartenders are so knowledgeable and friendly. Miss the days when we could sit inside but they've adapted well with a great outdoor setup during the COVID restrictions. For those not interested in sitting down, there's always to-go food and drinks. They have an excellent warm mulled cider right now.So grateful for this neighborhood gem in Fairmount. Super unique, chef-y cuisine that isn't too fancy for takeout! Awesome selection of drinks, too, served by a knowledgeable staff. We order here almost every week and can't wait to dine-in again soon!Our favorite neighborhood spot- Was super excited to hear they had opened for outdoor eating and have been back again and again since. My boyfriend and I agree, this place has great vibes, friendly staff and co-patrons, amazing beer selection and all around superb food. Recommend any of their sours, the cheeseburger hoagie, and the watermelon tomato salad. We love this place.Not only is the food incredible but the management and servers are super friendly and accommodating. I couldn't get a resy so I DMed them on Instagram and they told me they would reach out if anything opened up and nevertheless, they did! We were able to get a reservation for 6 adults and 2 kids on a Saturday night. Beer was great, wings were tasty and crispy, burger was juicy, the steak was to die for. It's not easy serving a larger table with 2 small kids, but our server did it with a smile and I thank them for that! Will definitely be back :) awesome neighborhood restaurant and bar.Bad Brother embodies everything a neighborhood bar should be. The menu is unique and versatile while producing high quality food above its price point. The sausage roll and wings are the best in Philly (try the wings with the sauce on the side and thank me later). The beer menu shines as it's thoughtfully sourced with local craft beer but the wine and cocktails also add to Bad Brother's charm. The staff are incredibly helpful with pairing your drinks to your taste and prove that there's something for everyone here (even if you don't love beer).
Between the high quality of the food and drinks, the welcoming ambience, and the outstanding service Bad Brother has established itself as a quintessential component of the Fairmount restaurant sceneI ordered  roast chicken for 2 last night and it was fabulous. Chicken was very tender and quite tasty. We had excellent sides of mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus. Dessert was equally wonderful grilled pound cake with macerated strawberries. They recommended the Vermonter a very pleasant cider that went quite well with our meal. Highly recommend!5 star all the way!
These guys are doing something special.  Even during COVID they managed to give us one of our best experiences in Philly.
If I lived here I would be at Bad Brother 3-4 times a week...or more!  
Food was fantastic.  Modern and Rustic.  Comfort food for people who know food.  Justin, the chef, takes classic items and makes them unique and special.  
Nick and CJ, the 2 brothers, are warm and hospitable. They bring in fantastic beers and their staff is very knowledgeable.  It's a true neighborhood spot.  Go and eat, drink and feel as if you are one of the family.
Great job guys.  See you next time we are in Philly!Highly recommend! The drink list is extensive and the menu is fabulous! They do not discriminate when it comes to the kids menu (kids young and old). Can't wait to order chicken nuggets the next time I'm there! The wagyu tartare is fabulous. Think a raw cheesesteak. The burger was wonderful and my boyfriend really enjoyed the short ribs. The dessert donuts were hands down the best I've had in a while. Not only was the food fabulous but the service was amazing. Make sure to make a reservation!This is the epitome of a fantastic neighborhood restaurant. The brothers are friendly and clearly passionate about serving excellent food as well as an impressive beer list. I thoroughly enjoyed the the sriracha wings as a starter and highly recommend the burger. I recommend this place to anyone looking for great food and drink in a friendly personal atmosphere.Super nice guys, and the meal we got was amazing. They're doing family style sandwiches, the chorizo and queso for 3 people (huge portion). 
Thank you guys for a great meal!Enchanting - the vibe is warm and inviting - love this place - dealing with covid and producing an outstanding dining experience. Love the food and the decor - four of us had great fresh beers on tap - the special sea bass and some staples on the menu. Can't wait to go back . Would be a regular if closer.Awesome addition to the neighborhood in Bad Brother. The food is very good especially the burger and wings. Bar is stocked with good beers you've never heard of, as well as, the ones you know and love. Bartenders and staff provide great service and I look forward to coming back again and again.I really like this place. It goes great as far as a neighborhood bar. It has a pretty standard vibe, but is also somewhat hidden - and you can easily walk by it without noticing. I came here with some coworkers for some drinks and everyone was friendly. The food was decent - we got the cheese plate, which was fine. This feels like a more secluded/hipster Bishop's Collar, which is another great option. This has more of a restaurant vibe so you can definitely order food. I'll definitely be back since its a few minutes away from me.I only ate at Bad Brother a couple times before things shut down (and loved it), so I am happy that they were able to continue operating with take-out service. They are hands-down one of the best spots in the neighborhood. The food is always quality and even presented well in the takeout containers. (I also appreciate that they use some paper containers...however it would be amazing if they didn't use any plastic...or any restaurants for that matter.) I truly hope they make it through this tough time, because I love having them around.There is nothing bad about Bad Brother. The food is amazing. The beer selection is diverse. The staff is nice. The space is cool. The experience is memorable.
The food menu is small, but everything on there is creative and full of flavor. The sausage roll is a must-try. Instead of using a whole sausage, the sausage is cut up and overflowing from the roll so that you are guaranteed sausage in every bite. The poblano gives it a subtle little kick, and the queso ties all of the components together. The roll is very filling, and I recommend splitting it been two people. Do not go for the jumbo version of the sausage roll unless you are sharing with a few people or are looking for a food challenge. 
The menu changes frequently, but there are a few signature items on there such as the sausage roll, Carangi rustic bread, and wings. The Carangi rustic bread with honey butter and sea salt is a great appetizer. The wings are delicious. They are meaty and perfectly fried with just the right amount of breading to give a nice crunch. I recommend getting the wings naked with all of the sauces on the side. The siracha sauce is the best, but it is nice to try all of the sauces. Regardless of what you order, you are bound to enjoy it. Everything is thoughtfully made and tastes delicious.
The drink menu is super long. There are so many beer options from so many different breweries. There are also some wines and cocktails too. If you like craft beer, you are getting the best of both world with good beer and great food. 
The restaurant is a small space. From the outside, it blends in with the homes in the area and is very easy to miss. The inside is a bar area on one side and a small dining area on the other side. It is an intimate space decorated with hip local artwork. With the location, ambiance, and how friendly and personable the staff are, it almost feels like you are coming over to a cool person's home for dinner.
Bad Brother is a restaurant that you need to put on your list to visit. There are plenty of great restaurants out there, but Bad Brother gives you a unique experience. There is so much creativity, and the food is thoughtfully executed in a way where all of the flavors and textures perfectly compliment each other. The vibe is hip, but it is unpretentious and welcoming. I have been to Bad Brother twice, and each time was great. I look forward to coming back again to get a sausage roll and to try whatever else is on the menu.Had a wonderful evening at Bad Brother!  My son and I sat outside, there are just a few outside tables so I was surprised to get such great service!  Our waiter was attentive,  gave excellent recommendations and knew the menu well!
My son had the sriracha wings, wedge fries and had the pork tenderloin special with cherry glaze.  Everything was delicious! The wings were spicy and also had good flavor.  The fries were prepared perfectly,  crisp outside,  creamy/ soft inside. 
That pork tenderloin!  Cooked to perfection,  cherry glaze was fabulous,  the tomatoes and sugar snap peas were tasty complements.   I have to admit, I avoided the mushrooms but I am sure if that is your kind of thing you would have enjoyed them too!
I had an old fashioned with sassafras,  delightful!
We finished with the donut of the day!  We left no crumbs!  Strawberry doughnuts,  orange cream on the side. They were warm and perfectly prepared.   I am thinking of when I can come back and try so more doughnuts!Does it get any better than this? No it doesn't. Bad Brother has left me speechless! The food was impeccable. We got the sriracha wings, the burger, and the award winning sausage roll. Not a single one disappointed. The quality of food is obviously held to a high standard and every bite was bursting with flavor. 
The service was also amazing (shout out Rebecca). I can't wait to come back!We finally made it here last nite. We both had the $15 burger and were disappointed. No taste and it was smashed into a pancake size. We both had to ask for more dressing and it also needed salt or something for taste. Plus, there was some dumb cartoon on the TV. Can't they at least get Netflix or something?Love having bad brother in fairmount! Have been a loyal eater since they opened and they never disappoint. To date, my favorite thing on the menu was the Winter Salad - hoping they bring that back this year!!Love it here! Not only is everyone friendly but the food is amazing too. Definitely worth the trip if even if you live outside of Fairmount. My latest favorites are the tempura mushrooms, cheese plate, sausage roll and house salad but everything is top notch and beautifully presented.Amazing food. We had the wings, burger, and soup--everything was high quality, came out piping hot, and was elevated bar food with unique twists. Great beer list and full bar. Friendly staff. Perfect neighborhood spot.Favorite place in Fairmont. The staff if excellent, personable and knowledgeable about the food, ingredients and drinks. They offer a seasonal menu which updates every several weeks. The rotating beer on tap (all local) is a great selection which changes weekly. The Sausage Roll and Burger are amazing. They offer $5 bites on Monday's, $1 oysters on Thursday's, and $.75 wings during every eagles game. This is what was surely missing in Fairmont.Bad Brother is an institution! This place has become my go-to spot in the Fairmount neighborhood! The rotating menu never fails to impress me and is definitely the type of place to impress your foodie friends. Had one of the best risottos I've ever tasted, and the sausage roll sandwich is literally the greatest sandwich I've ever had. I can't forget about their beer menu too, which is one of the best in the city. Tons of local options on tap and in cans. The service is incredible as well! I could go on for days about how much I adore this place. I can't recommend it enough!Even with takeout only due to COVID-19, the burger and potato wedge style fries were incredible. Easily one of the top restaurants in Fairmount and the service is always great.Absolutely loved our first experience here! 
As soon as we arrived, we were warmly greeted and assisted by the bartender. We were seated in the dining area downstairs, which is cozy and dimly lit. The all-around vibe is great... Loved the tunes they were playing that night (a lot of chill r&b). It's a pretty low-key bar setting with an unpretentious menu, but it's clear the kitchen staff seriously know what they're doing back there.
We ordered the cauliflower soup, squash croquettes, and the burger. I'd HIGHLY recommend them all! The soup and burger were especially exceptional... Seriously out of this world.
We can't wait to return. Really cool addition to the Fairmount neighborhood!Amazing spot in the neighborhood! Came here recently and sat outside. Great and unique beer list and the food was delicious. We started with the cheese board and for dinner I got the burger. I was for sure jealous of my friend's sausage sandwich on a seeded roll. My other pal got the wings which she loved! 
The service was great - friendly, speedy, no complaints. I'll be back and I recommend. Lovely experience.Friendly small neighborhood restaurant that is amazing.  Best piece of tuna I've ever had. Very friendly servers and just a happy place to
Here for the second time and another home run. Food is soooo good. Not what you expect from a bar menu. The chef here is excellent. Here with a large party so ordered a lot of different food to share. There wasn't one thing that wasnt delicious. This place rocks. Missy come here.Friendly small neighborhood restaurant that is amazing.  Best piece of tuna I've ever had. Very friendly servers and just a happy place to be. Will be backLoved this spot! Will come back. Excellent food and service. Best Caesar salad ever with outrageous croutons. Four of us all gave thumbs up and had a wide sampling of the menu.The service was awesome and the food was amazing. We had the swordfish and the Gnocchi. Delish and fresh. We will come againThis place is an absolute gem buried in the Fairmount area. The menu combines fine dining quality with neighborhood prices. The vibe is fantastic and this place hands down has the best beer list in the city. Will be coming back for sure.Went last night with my two sons (6yo & 7yo) and two good friends. From the moment we walked in the door to the moment we left nothing could have been done differently to make it a more remarkable experience. The little guys had food they loved (yet well made) and the 'adults' at the table feasted on things like perfectly grilled asparagus, a carefully curated local cheese board (to say this was a generous board is an understatement, especially for the price), the ubiquitous 'saucy roll', and a really well made Caesar salad that Caesar Cardini himself would be thrilled about. 
The service was attentive yet not overdone. The best service is the type where you don't notice it's happening yet the diners have zero wants and their needs are anticipated. They capture that here in spades. Genuine people from the bar, to the dining rooms, and translated through the food to clarify the kitchen is of the same ilk.
Unashamed of using flavor and personality, this spot embodies true Philly grit and the city itself in all its possible glory. Simple, yet high quality ingredients prepared with endearing bravado only found in the City of Brotherly Love. Exactly what this city needs and deserves. 
100/10 (not a typo). Would (DEFINITELY) recommend.This place is an excellent addition to the Fairmount restaurant scene. Massive sandwiches at moderate prices. Friendly waitstaff. Great artistic vibes. Only thing keeping it from a perfect score in my book is the cocktails - not bad, but not great.My fiancé and I checked out Bad Brother for the first time, and we had a fantastic experience! The beer menu was stellar and we shared the cheese plate, Sriacha wings and the tile fish they had on the menu. The wings had the perfect crisp and spice level was on point. The tile fish had a fabulous crispy skin and delicate flaky meat. The staff were all very attentive, professional, enthusiastic and personable. Traveling from the other side of the city was well worth it and we will definitely be back.Best in Fairmount. Food is consistently great, with a giant list of heady beers to boot. Try the bread - the honey butter is basically crack. The cheese plate was on par with the best I've ever had at any restaurant. Wings were incredible. Honestly everything I've gotten here has been amazing. The Fairmount food scene has so much mediocrity - and this place is so much better than everywhere else. Thank you, bad brother!!This is a great restaurant with great ambiance. I recommend the meat and cheese plate along with the oysters, by that point, Sriracha Buffalo wings and Sausage Roll were very tasty and so delicious, becomes very shareable. We had a great diner at Quality Italian that's why we went back. We had such a bad experience this time. The food was delicious and has a great portion. The service was absolutely great.Wonderful neighborhood spot. Great food, great service, great tap list (even better, all drafts $5 during happy hour) Excited to go back!Great food for brunch and dinner! Staff is very friendly which is a huge plus! Love the beer selections and unique brunch options. Will keep coming.We ordered Bad Brother for takeout as there were very limited reservations for dining in. Wow we were not disappointed with our takeout! The sausage roll and pork burger were both phenomenal. The extra details with the toppings on each sandwich made it extra special and the onion roll and hoagie roll were both perfect texture, flavor and firmness. We finished our meal with the donuts which were made even better with both dipping sauces. Next time maybe I will get a picture before we inhale all of our food.
I look forward to dining in at Bad Brother as their drinks and drafts look like they would be the perfect pairing to all of their delicious meals.
Pro Tip:
Check the menu often as they have rotating specials and additions to the menus from time to time. We missed out on a few items that got added Friday evening so I guess we will have to come back again soon!On the bar food side, the Sausage Roll Sandwich can't be beat. In fact, it has beaten me a few times! Bad Brother was really hitting its stride with a varied menu, great service, brothers who remembered you and really tried to make you feel like family. Then the pandemic hit. Rather than crumble and fold, Bad Brother reinvented itself as the best takeout in the neighborhood. Food that carries and in quantities that will feed your whole family (80 wings!) besides a kids' menu and 30 beers and cocktails to go, this really is the Fairmount place. 
Where else in the neighborhood can you call and ask for 4 sour cherries for the Manhattans you are going to make to toast your mother-in law as you scatter her ashes at sea? These Bad Brothers are the best.First time here - on a date night! The broccoli soup was so good I want to come back and eat it tomorrow. 
Date said top 5 burger of his life. Everything was delicious! Cute little intimate vibe too.Visited during a short trip to Philly with 19 yo, 14yo and 12 yo children.  After an exhausting trip to a nearby museum, needed a fine place for a late dinner and saw this place at Yelp.  What a gem!  Friendly and great service.  Everything was fresh packed with flavors. Chicken wings were magical.  We liked both naked and spicy.  The bread with honey butter was addictive. The atmosphere was cozy too.I'd say this is exactly what is meant when folks use the term "neighborhood gem." I was looking for a place with outdoor seating and decided to give Bad Brother. None of us had been before, so it was a shot in the dark. I made a reservation online to be sure we could sit outside.
I arrived and saw that it was small place with just 3 or 4 outside tables. I went inside to check in with the host and came upon an old-school, horsehoe-shaped bar with stools. Not what I was expecting based on their website, but it was cool.
Four of us sat at at a table on the little alley street outside. Cocktails were good, and I got a Basque-style cider that was great. 
We shared a cheese plate and bread, which were all delicious. The server walked us through the cheese plate so we knew what we were eating. That may seem like restaurant hospitality 101, but after seeing the super-casual bar inside I didn't expect such attentive service.
Food was great. I got a "Lancaster County stew" with wheatberries and fresh vegetables. The mushrooms in it were meaty and flavorful. I shared with my companions and we agreed it was the best dish of the night. Husband's fish and chips were good--especially the chips. Those were thick-cut wedges of fresh potato and were so, so good. The salad with beets was also excellent.
And, yes, we got dessert. We got one order of donuts to share. It was actually several donut "holes" filled with deliciousness: peach jam and ricotta. It was the perfect ending to a really, really good meal. 
I'd go back.Oh, what a great time we had!! The food is DELICIOUS. We tried quite a few dishes and can't complain about a single one. Also, to die for donuts with dipping sauces. The staff is very attentive and helpful. Needless to say, the nite was super enjoyableDo not miss this neighborhood favorite deep in Fairmount. I have walked by it many times without even knowing it was there. To the passerby, this place looks like a easily skipped dive bar but those two do stop in will be rewarded.
Although it was getting chilly, we decided to sit outside and I am glad we did. There isn't much sidewalk space but the foot traffic in this part of the nieghborhoof is light so it works well. This is a great place to spend time at all hours of the evening or night.
We started with their Carangi Rustic bread that comes with this awesome salted honey butter. It's only $5 and is a very amplified version of table bread. I also started with a Caesar Salad (off the kids menu) that would be enough for a meal if you add chicken. The dressing was great and the croutons were perfectly toasted. 
For dinner, I decided to go with the Siracha Wing that came with some sort of Cucumber/Dill Ranch. I had read reviews saying they were fried perfectly - crispy of the outside with meat that falls of the bones, I certainly found this to be true. I would recommend these if you are just eating here once. They are a must-try. My friend got the infamous $15 Sausage Sandwich that came with thick cut fries. I only tried a little, but from what I tasted it was unbelievable. For only $15 this is a ton of food.
I am happy Bad Brother survived Covid and I am thrilled to live so close to this place. Their menu appeared to have changed from just a few weeks ago and I am excited to see what they have in store. Our meal cost $57 before tip - which is not cheap but certainly reasonable considering but was dinner in the city. We also go two drinks.
Definitely do yourself a favor and make the trip (struggle to find parking) and try this place. They also do take out, which I hope to try soon. Well done, Bad Brother!5 stars, no question! Fantastic food, great ambiance, and even better staff! I had the hanger steak for myself, then the table shared a plate of the sriracha buffalo wings as well as another shared plate of the regular buffalo wings from the kid's menu. I almost always go for the steak option wherever I go out to eat and I was pleasantly surprised with the exceptionally balanced flavors, not to mention it was cooked perfect to order (medium rare, of course!). The presentation was phenomenal, and one of the "bad brothers" (owners) even pulled up a chair to chat and make sure everything was going well. The portion size of the steak was perfect, but that didn't stop anyone at the table from clearing both plates of wings. The wings are large and both flavors were wonderful. The sriracha buffalo sauce was very unique and quite addicting, while the classic buffalo was equally satisfying. The artwork around the venue and the music selection in the background make this restaurant an easy go-to option when heading out with friends or family. The beer and wine lists are extensive, and Kyle is one of the friendliest and knowledgeable bartenders in the area with plenty of concoctions up his sleeve. I would absolutely recommend Bad Brother to anyone, and I will definitely be going back to try the rest of the menu! Love it! 5 stars all around!