Yay!  A delicious family run restaurant.  BYOB.  Good food, very comfy and pleasant atmosphere.  
We tried two dishes, both with meat and you could tell it was superior quality.  Very uniquely seasoned, and most appreciated NOT salty.  It seems anytime I order meat dishes anymore all I can taste is salt, I was so happy for this not to be the case.
La Colombe coffee and baklava for dessert.I can't believe it has taken me so long to get to this place.  The nondescript exterior boasts only one clue : small print saying "balkan restaurant," so maybe I just never noticed it.  BYOB is a plus.  Cozy interior where the activity in the kitchen blends seamlessly into the liveliness of the dining area, like being in someone's home.  The owner and his wife are a delight; friendly, attentive, full of stories and life.  The pickled vegetables, olives, feta, and smoked meats were fantastic, as were the caseless sausages.  My pork skewers were very good.  That they were served with eggplant, which I hate, is nobody's fault.  My dining companions had what appeared to be incredibly savory stews.The house smoked meats were insanely good. Everything pork related was absolutely delicious. On top of delicious food, the owners are as nice as can be. I will go back again for sure, and have been recommending it to anyone who cares to listen to me.I absolutely LOVE this place. First and foremost, the owners are amazing people who actually take the time to converse with you and make you feel totally welcome in their restaurant. That is a huge starting point. Then, its the homemade food. Yes, I'll admit, its not the most flavorful, but it makes you just feel amazing and like you're visiting relatives when you eat it...and totally authentic. The salads are perfect, the bread is delicious. This is basically the place I take people to in Philly if I want a nice enjoyable meal, a reasonable price, oh and its BYOB, so you're not spending a fortune on drinks. Just give it a try!What a great place!!  I am new to the area after living in Moldova for 2 years, with some travel around the Balkans, and I felt like I was right at home here.  The Sataras is SO DELICIOUS - a must eat!  After our delicious meal, we started talking to the owners, Radovan and Wendy, who are two wonderful people and made the experience even better. Radovan even shared some of his home made slivovitz/plum brandy.  I will definitely be back here.I love the Balkan for brunch.  It's a family run place attached to the hardware store also owned by the family.
Affordable, simple food.  Really really well done.It was a pleasure to have eaten at Balkan express. The sarma (cabbage rolls) were delicious, with a good balance of meat and rice on the inside. The čevapćići (skinless small sausages) were well spiced, and the lepinje (bread that comes with the sausages) had the perfect amount of "doughy-ness." The owners were extremely kind and hospitable towards us, and I can't wait to go back! If you are familiar with the food of the Balkans, or would like a new culinary experience, I would strongly recommend a visit.The food is great!! I just found out that Jake does all of the cooking.  Delicious. We had the cucumber salad, stuffed cabbage and lamb steak. Everything was fresh and well seasoned. 
The group at the table next to us had the goulash, pork kabobs and a few vegetarian dishes.  They were a talkative bunch but once the food was served they dug in.  I heard a lot of complements.  Next time I have to try dessert4 star for the good Sarma, +1 because of the nice hostess!  Just like having a dinner at a friend's house.We have been wanting to get to this restaurant for a long time and now I'm sorry we haven't been here sooner.
The atmosphere is very warm and friendly. Wendy comes to ask if everything is OK and it's like a family friend making sure we are good.
My boyfriend and I shared the grilled meat dish and enjoyed everything. Dessert was especially enjoyable since everything is homemade.
We will be back!!Came for dinner on a  rainy Thursday night in November with a friend. We were the only ones in the restaurant the whole time - sounds like the beginning of a horror story but it was actually great.
Service: Is mixed in with the ambiance that others mention - simple, straightforward, warm, and homey. An extremely nice couple owns and runs the place. We chatted it up with them (they were prepping for a full restaurant event the next day and didn't seem to mind that business was slow). The wife was happy to give us order recommendations and kept our water glasses full. 
We ordered vegetarian - a tasty, steaming hot cabbage roll with walnut and rice filling and an assortment of their salads. The food was light (granted we ordered mainly veggies) and oozed of home-cooking at your aunt's where half the yummy factor might be that you didn't have to do anything. 
A great little find on a small street just off of South St. If you want a casual, simple, home-cooked Mediterranean meal, come here.Went to Balkan Express Saturday night with my girlfriend. I had read many good reviews here on Yelp, so it was on my to-do list. We arrived around 7, and were a little concerned because the place was empty. That's usually a bad sign. In this case, it wasn't. The food was delicious. We started out with a hearty, creamy bean soup (Pasulj), which had smoked meat in it. It tasted very homemade. 
My GF got the Muckalica, which was a spicy beef stew with tomatoes, peppers, onions and served with rice. Simple and very flavorful. Not at all hot. Just very well flavored. 
I had the Raznjici- grilled pork skewers served with peas and rice. Very simple, yet delicious. The meat was tender and perfectly seasoned. Very flavorful. The food there was all perfectly seasoned. Sometimes, chefs can overkill on things like salt, etc. Not here. He really knows how to flavor the food well. 
Very clean place, friendly service- it appears to be a husband and wife team. I would definitely go back.I love this place! The food is delicious, practically home-cooked and the service is superb. 
Advice: CALL BEFORE YOU GO TO MAKE SURE THEY'RE OPEN! I've had several experiences where I've either shown up to eat and they were just about to close or were already closed. I called just now and they told me they were closed for the night. I think that since it's a small restaurant and the owners are semi-retired, when business is slow, they just close up shop and go home!I just love the couple that run this restaurant. Go here for the at home ambiance and to chitchat with them. 
It was I nteresting trying Balkan food. Tasted really like home cooking and seemed pretty healthy. 
I got the cabbage wrapped ground beef and my friend a chicken dish. Turkish coffee is really good and comes with a little Turkish delight on the side. They also gave us some little round cookies to try. 
Fun and yum :)Where's the love? Visited on a Friday night and the place was empty. I'm not the first to say this, but this place is bomb. Super nice folks running the place. If you like food and are in the mood for something different, give this place a shot! The sarma (cabbage wrapped beef) appetizer was amazing, reminiscent of a bite of Korean kimchi jjigae + parsley infused beef. Tried the cucumber salad which had that Mediterranean feel to it with a touch of garlic. Then had the pork skewers and spicy beef dry stew, which were both extremely home-y, rustic, earthy, and mm delicious. BYO wine and enjoy!!!Tonight was our first time at Balkan Express Restaurant.  We had the three salad platter, stuffed cabbage, and chicken cubes with vegetables.  The bread served with the meal was light and tasty.  
We learned that many of the restaurant's dishes are made with vegetables fresh from the owners' garden. 
The restaurant's atmosphere is cozy and the owners are very friendly.  
We enjoyed our dinner with a bottle of wine from the nearby state store (just a few blocks away).  
We recommend Balkan Express Restaurant and will definitely return!  
(Cash only.)You will probably never meet more friendly owners than at the Balkan Express. The food is good but the service and friendliness are off the charts. This place has been in our rotation since we moved to Philadelphia and will continue for as long as we live here. Everything is good on the menu but the stew is what I find myself ordering over and over again.The food is fantastic and the owners are so charming, you feel like you are at a friend's house for dinner.  Was there the other night (late August) and our salad was fresh-picked that day from their garden, as were many of the ingredients in the Hungarian Fish Chowder, Vegetarian Sarma and Chicken Paprikash.  The flavors are not entirely familiar but straightforward and hearty, I felt truly nourished when we left.  The chef and waitress are the owners and always are interested in their guests, they want to find out who you are and how you heard about their restaurant, but they have such a warm and casual spirit you never feel like they are intruding, in fact it was difficult not to ask them to sit down and join us (we certainly ordered enough food to feed a few more people... but we wanted to taste several things and take the leftovers home, which I highly recommend doing).  They are a very interesting couple, but back to the food.  The chicken was so tender and rich-tasting, probably because it's slow-cooked in a home made broth (or gravy - lighter than most gravies though full of flavor which saturated both chicken and accompanying potatoes).  The Hungarian Fish Stew broth was also light and delicious.  I feel that too many restaurants rely on butter and heavy cream to make their dishes rich and flavorful, this place doesn't need those crutches - I don't think there was heavy cream in anything we ate.  My favorite was the Sarma (stuffed cabbage), made with home-cured sauerkraut leaves stuffed with a mouth-watering combo of vegetables (you can get it with beef as well, but I thought the vegetable version was scrumptious).  We were too full for desert but they brought us complimentary candy from Serbia.
Going to the Balkan Restaurant is a guaranteed pleasure - for your taste buds, your stomach and your mind.This restaurant is one of the treasures of my area. The food is great and well prepared. The owners are very accomodating and able to please. This eatery is definitely worthy of many return visitsStopped by here for an impromptu dinner with a friend recently.  There was a large party wrapping up when we arrived; seems this place would be a great place for a party.
We shared a couple of piscine appetizers, which came with a side of pretty decent bread, and a galline entree.  The food was good simple fare, and went well with the booze we brought (it's BYOB).  Service can seem a bit slow, especially if you're in a corner not in the line of sight of the kitchen, but the husband and wife who run this place are very friendly.     Note: cash only.Fabulous BYOB just off South Street.  The chef cooks with influences from Hungary, Austria, Greece, and Turkey.  The result is delicious.  The restaurant is small but comfortable, with craftsman touches in the lighting and decor.  The Serbian chef/owner and his wife were gracious and friendly.  
There were eight of us, and we all had something different.  We tried several appetizers.  The sausages were wonderful--they said that people often decide the quality of a restaurant by those sausages.  The smoked meat had a lot of other pickled things (sauerkraut, mushrooms, and more) that were interesting.
There was a pork dish that translated means "hanging meat," which had three types of pork and was excellent.  Sarma, a stuffed cabbage dish, was tasty.  The bean casserole was good as well.
We finished the meal with Turkish coffees which came with a piece of Turkish delight on the side.  The meals were presented well, and the evening felt elegant.  The prices are moderate, about $12-15 per entree.
Please visit this restaurant ASAP!  I can't wait to return.
UPDATE: I've gone back several times, and it's still fabulous.  The sausages, Cevipcici, are made fresh by the owner and are NOT to be missed.  The vegetable stew was delicious.  Just remember that it is a cash-only establishment.
At the end of the meal, they might offer you a shot of their own homemade plum brandy, a Serbian tradition.  After all that food, you won't get drunk from it, but you'll definitely feel it going down!First of all, know what you're getting yourself into when you visit the "BALKAN RESTAURANT".  This isn't French food or fine dining.  This is cabbage and sausage and all sorts of other heart-clogging goodness.   The place is a bit eclectic, and everyone eating there seemed to be related to the owner, but I guess that's part of the charm.   I was served a baklava-like dessert that was pretty good that I want to eat again.
For an interesting dining experience, definitely search out BALKAN RESTAURANT.I had dinner at this place once and absolutely loved it!! Unfortunately, we were short on cash and kind of in a rush, so I don't feel we got to have the full "Balkan" experience. But the food is very authentic and rich. We started with the stuffed cabbage which was AWESOME and then I had the stew which was just the right spicy, very hearty. There was a Turkish wedding party there while we were dining, which was loud but entertaining.
Definitely take a bottle of wine, great date place. The owner is very nice!Five stars because this place serves wonderful, homemade food, with great service.
 The husband and wife duo who run the place are so friendly and accommodating. 
Everything had simple but delicious, clean flavors. Eastern European comfort food without being too heavy. A nice break from high end BYOs, and an overall great dining experience with a very modest price point.It's not bad but not really that great of a place. They close for long stretches (vacation, I presume) and will also close randomly for a day, so call first. It's a nice, clean, cozy place off South Street. The owner is very nice but hangs around a little too much for my taste. The same couple staff the hardware store next door where I get my keys copied. The restaurant is probably about 20% too expensive. You can BYOB which makes up for it though. The sausages I had were great but the Sarma was nothing special. Then they gave us some moonshine after dinner. 
Overall, I just think the cost and the small portions outweigh the friendly owner and decent food. 
Cash only.I'm not sure what to think - after reading about this place on Yelp, expectations were pretty high.
We walked in and it smelled amazing, but it took almost 15 minutes for us to get our orders in, and we didn't get our water until our salad trio came out half an hour into our meal. The tomato salad was really delicious, and the cabbage was really good too.
My chicken skewer entree was really good, but I wanted maybe twice the amount of rice. My vegetarian wife ordered the vegetable stew but was given the beef stew instead - luckily it only took an extra ten minutes for her to get the entree she ordered.
While we were waiting for my wife's correct entree, I asked for some more bread. The lady said, "Okay, but that will be an extra, you know, some dollars." The bread was good so we agreed, but it was a little strange. 
The atmosphere just felt weird... I'm tempted to think that they were just having a really bad night, as the flavor of the food was actually top notch. Overpriced for what you get though - the vegetable stew was $15 for what was really a standard Mediterranean lathera around a small amount of rice. The prices for the meat dishes seems fair, but not so much for the vegetable stew. 
They didn't end up charging us for the second piece of bread though. I don't know, strange experience.Hidden little gem - Very cozy, welcoming, family environment! I once surprised my boyfriend (Hungarian) there. I had spoken with the restaurant owner a few days before and he made sure to have a Hungarian dish on the day of our visit. Delicious!
On another occasion we came with my boyfriend's grandmother. The owners went out of their way to make her feel at home. They even put Hungarian music on. She was so so happy!My friend and I went here one Saturday night.  We started with the pepper salad, which were red and green hot peppers marinated in oil.  It was quite good.  For dinner we shared the grilled meats for two with rice.  The selected meats were cooked perfectly.  While good, I definitely would like to try something more "exotic" next time.  I should mention there was an ample amount of hearty bread as well.  For dessert I had the baklava and he had Eastern European type crepes.  We both had Turkish coffee, which they serve with a piece of Turkish Delight.  At the end of the meal the owners shared with us a home made plum brandy.
The food was great.  The piece of candy with the coffee was a great touch.  The service was wonderful.  Both owners were very friendly.  My friend and I will definitely be back again.I don't know if this is authentic Balkan food, it's just authentically good.  Just damn good.  Incredibly fresh (they grow their own veggies!), great variety on the menu (especially the salads), great prices (especially considering how much food you get).  My boyfriend and I LOVE this place.  I don't throw out 5 star reviews often.  We love it.
We definitely recommend the salad platter.  It's $10 for three salads of your choice.  Also the smoked pork cutlet is divine.  I don't usually like the smokey flavor but this is delicious.  
Very nice, very personable.  They remembered us only the second time we went there.  They made it feel like home.  Nice and casual.  BYOB.  This will become a regular date spot for us.Good food and lovely hosts - this neighborhood spot is definitely worth a shot. We'll be back again soon. 
BYOB, cash onlyThe Balkan Express is a family restaurant in the true sense of the word - the father works in the kitchen (when not talking to appreciative guests) and mother and son wait on the tables of this sizable place.  Everyone is very friendly and the restaurant has a very "neighborhood" vibe - homey if not terribly efficient.
Of course one expects hearty, stick-to-your-ribs food when eating at a Serbian restaurant and most of the dishes we had on the special menu for Orthodox Christmas fell into that category - a mixed plate of appetizers with cured, smoked meats and pickled vegetables, a soup with boiled beef, sarma (stuffed cabbage), suckling pig with kraut and potatoes and lemony spinach, and finally a sour cherry strudel.  Still, I would have preferred a little bit more finesse with the different dishes.  The Sarma, served without the usual tomato sauce, was very salty and a saline exuberance affected also other dishes.  The sour cherry filling of the strudel tasted very good, too bad the Phyllo dough around it was limp and lackluster.  A home version of Sljivovica, served complimentary at meal's end, would have been much more appreciated if the shot glasses had not just come out of the dishwasher, piping hot and wreaking havoc with the already volatile alcohols of the plum brandy.Let me first say that the savory aroma that hits you as you walk in is enough reason to give it a shot...
Having moved from one side of Graduate Hospital to the other, we knew we would miss the close proximity to the byobs on the 1600 and 1700 blocks of South Street.  We love them, and will return, but the Balkan has stolen our hearts.
We had never tried Balkan food before, but that didn't matter.  The hostess and waitress (co-owner and wife of the chef) guided us through the short-but-sweet menu, adding in cultural references as she inquired about our preferences.  She also let us know that all the vegetables they serve are homegrown in their garden (off-site). A nice touch.
Let me set the scene a bit.  My fiancée and I doubled with another couple.  Only a few other tables were occupied, which was disappointing because the whole experience was great and people should be eating here, but also a blessing, because we felt like we were guests in the husband-and-wife owners' home.
On to the food.  Let me start by saying everything was wonderful.  We started with the Sarma and Cevapcici for the table. Both were very delicious.  I particularly liked the Sarma (skinless sausages) but the table was split on this. For the entrees we had two Vesalica, a Snapper, and I had the Muckalica.  Each entree was wonderful, I enjoyed mine to the last bite.  I think next time I will have the Vesalica.  All were large portions, you will not go home hungry.  We ended with Turkish coffees to wake up a bit after three bottles of wine, and a whole lot of food.  The coffees come with a little candy in one of four flavors.  Delightful!
To end our lovely experience, the chef (husband and co-owner) came out to chat about the food, the restaurant, and life in general.  The six of us stood around and chatted for fifteen minutes, then we left with big smiles and full stomachs.  Truly a great all-around dining experience.  Every morning when I walk by the Balkan on my way to work I anticipate the next time I am on the other side of the wall with friends or family.  
In conclusion, if small byobs with great food are your thing, try it, there is nothing not to like.Even though the lady who was serving food was extremely nice and accommodating, the food was pretty bad there. We got a salad combo and a 2 person meat platter which consisted of variety of meats and some rice. The salad was ok, nothing special. The meat platter contained very little rice, not proportional to the amount of meat and it had a funny taste to it. The pieces of meat, it seemed, were all different sizes. The levels of temperature of  the meat were also different, some pieces were well done and some were medium rare. When asked what type of meat we were served, the waitress said "Mostly beef, pork, and chicken". Where there any other meats there that she wasnt aware since it was mostly the 3 kinds she listed ? ;)
The taste of the meat was pretty bad. It seemed to me that it was the quality of the meat they purchased. It was just unappetizing at all. The chicken was ok.
If I do go back, which I doubt, i will certainly not be ordering the meat platter.Outstanding food and lovely owners - they actually took the time to talk with us and went out of their way to be welcoming and accommodating! 
The dishes were outstanding - absolutely amazing combination of flavors and aromas.I came here with my family after another restaurant we planned to go to was full, and we found this place on yelp.  I have never had Balkan food before, so it was interesting to try something new.  It is very earthy fare -- meat, potatoes, cabbage, beets, etc.
We had excellent service from the (presumably) husband and wife who run this restaurant.  It was really a family atmosphere and we felt very welcome.  One of the family members was also having his second birthday party, which was cute.  It was really like being invited into their home.
We ordered a bunch of different things to try, including smoked salmon, beet salad, cucumber salad, beef sausages, veggie stew, beef stew, pork skewers, and a burger.  Everything was pretty good, though admittedly, I am not really a "meat and potatoes" type.  I especially enjoyed the cucumber salad and the onions that came with some of the dishes.  The beef burger wasn't a ground beef hamburger, but rather it was more similar to the sausages, but in the form of a very large patty.  I also enjoyed the taste of the beef stew.  It was advertised as spicy, but it was more like the slight spicy tingle of paprika.  The pork was a bit tough but tasted fine.
Overall: 4 stars. Excellent service, great family atmosphere, good quality and flavorful food.  I like to support mom & pop places like this.What a lovely place!  I have traveled extensively in the former Yugoslavia multiple times, and this reminds me of meals prepared by my friends parents.  The owners are a wonderful couple who grow the vegetables in their own garden, smoke their own meats and fish, etc.  the tastes are as authentic as you will find this side of the Adriatic.  Plenty of vegetarian/vegan options as well.  Definitely a place I will be visiting on future trips to Philly!My husband went nuts over this place. It is rare to try this food genre in Philadelphia. He has been to this region of the world and said hat the food was very authentic!!! They cook the food right in front of you. A mom and pop place definitely check it out!!!It has been three years since my wife and I have been here.  I don't know why we waited so long. The skinless sausage wasn't on the menu then.  It's wonderful.  The beek stew my wife had was so good.  The smoked pork had a such flavor.  Balkan Express will be be one of our regular go to places.  Why did we wait so long?Definitely try Sarma and Cevapcici. Great place.Very friendly folks who own and run this restaurant...everything tasted so healthy and fresh and homemade.  The flavoring was unique with the regional spices, but familiar enough to almost be called comfort food.  The portion size was perfect and we enjoyed everything we selected.  The sarma and the cucumber salad were my favorites.  They were making fresh baklava so we didn't get to try any, but we will be back at a later date.Great food, friendly staff working there.  I think it's home owned.  Its like a fancier home cooked meal.  Everything was delicious.  We couldn't decide so we ended up with the meat sampler and the cucumber salad and spicy fish soup.. then to top things off they had baklava which was pretty good too :) 
overall great place to eat.After yet another fabulous meal here, I learned another cool thing about Balkan Express.  Many of the dishes feature produce from their garden.  My dish featured tomato and peppers that they'd grown.  
If they have a special, I recommend ordering it (despite what Anthony Bourdain might advise).   Specials like stroganoff are excellent; get them while you can. There aren't many specials in summer, save an occasional meatless dish.  The chef experiments with dishes on the menu, so you'll never get the same thing twice (those who crave consistency might be disappointed). You'll find food from across Eastern Europe on the menu and in the specials.
Summer is a slow time for them, so they have limited hours and take vacation. Call ahead. But whatever you do, please go soon!  Brunch is coming back, so look for that.My wife and I had dinner there on a Saturday, arriving at about 5:30.   We were the first diners that evening, but more arrived as the evening progressed,    The dining room is clean, neat, comfortable, and reasonably quiet.   The neighborhood has been gentrified over the past several years, with young families all around, enjoying a semi-suburban life style inside the city.   We echo the other four and five star comments.    Our fifth star was the need to bring cash and whatever alcoholic beverages I might have liked to drink.    We understood that the restaurant's friendly chef-owner prepares almost every dish to order, conversing with guests when he's not cooking, while his friendly, cheerful wife runs the dining room.
All the food is fresh and tasty, but the seasonings are those of the countries that make up the region called "the Balkans."   The chef uses his own preferences, which might not exactly be what a diner is familiar with from Grandmother's "old country" recipes.    Some familiarity with dishes from Balkan countries (as well as their names) could be helpful in making ordering choices.    One shouldn't hesitate to ask specifics about dishes; the host and his wife are good explainers.
While the fish soup was quite different from what my wife had eaten as a youth, she was most impressed by the quality and freshness of the fish used.    The three salads we had were very good, and the stuffed cabbage pleased us a lot despite being made without tomatoes or any sweetness.   The poppy seed cake was outstanding, as were the Baklava and the Turkish coffee.    
No longer having youthful capacities, we chose to defer entrees to a future visit.    I think a light red wine or a Czech Pilsener could go well with most dishes, plus a good brandy to finish the meal.   Our experience was delightful, and very gentle on our wallets.It was my first time trying Serbian food and I went with someone who knows the food, but we were both new to the restaurant. It was a quiet Thursday night (Eagles game) so we were the only ones in the restaurant. My friend chatted up the chef who was incredibly hospitable and friendly. We ordered several dishes, including the smoked meats, sausages and beef wrapped in cabbage. My favorite was the beef wrapped in cabbage; the juices from the beef was delicious. We finished our meal with Serbian baklava which was drowned in a very sweet syrup. They smoke the meat in the restaurant and grow all the vegetables (some come from their home garden!). It doesn't get any fresher than that. This place has to be the #1 restaurant for hospitality. Even though they are only open during certain days, they are willing to open for parties on other days as long as you make a reservation. Prices are as friendly as they are!Phenomenal place, authentic Balkan vibe and the food is top notch. If you're looking for an awesome meal in a quaint restaurant look no further. The owners are great hosts and add to the whole experience.Had a delicious new year's eve dinner here - the hosts were wonderful and the food was perfectly portioned and delicious. We were having a really hard time opening our champagne, but one of the owners came to the rescue. Would definitely recommend!I had a craving for something different and wanted something on the healthy side, so I decided to try Balkan Express.  They did not disappoint!  Here's what I had:
1.  Beet Salad - Refreshing and simple.  Had a vinegar/sour tinge which was delightful. Reminded me of the pickled beets that my Slovak Grandmother used to can back in SW Pennsylvania.
2.  Sarma - These are cabbage rolls. Again, reminded me of the classic SW PA version, but with a much more fragrant variety of spices and without the soak in tomato sauce. Different, but very good. Also contained some cubed potatoes.
3. Raznjici (chicken variety) - Excellent chicken skewers.  Grilled, juicy, and full of flavor.  I believe they used chicken thighs, which I always prefer over the breast.  They came with some tasty rice and a savory vegetable medley that seemed to have mashed-beans as a base.
I think this place has something for everyone, including the adventurous eater or the conservative diner.  I also met the couple who runs the place and they were super sweet.  Give this place a try...you'll love it!Made the trip out to eat some native comfort food -- but they were closed for the summer. So - save yourself a trip and visit them in the fall. 
Oddly, their website did not forewarn would-be customers about the summer closing. Ah, the Balkan ways.A fantastic place to visit and re-visit!
BYO, Balkan cuisine, and they use fresh vegetables from their garden. This restaurant is winning all over the place! The bread comes out warm, and very, very good. Our server, one of the co-owners, helped us choose the entrees. We ordered the Sarma (stuffed cabbage rolls), Piletina (grilled chicken with peppers and onions), and the Mućkalica (beef, pepper, tomato, onion "stew" over rice). The meal was delicious from start to finish. My favorite was the Mućkalica. It's not a soupy stew, but a hearty and flavorful dish. For the other entree, the chicken was very tender and juicy. 
I love the fact that everything was fresh, and the portions were great to share for two people. The atmosphere was warm and friendly. We were the only table on a Friday night. While that may seem to be a bad sign, it was good for us! We got to enjoy some conversation with the owners, and learn more about their family and culture. Not sure why more people aren't coming here, but hoping this review will change things around.{ International Wednesday Post }
I've been wanting to check out this place for quite some time. This cute little BYOB is extremely warm and friendly with some very interesting authentic food. We had the stuffed cabbage rolls, Ćevapići (skinless homemade sausages over onions),
A cold salad platter with marinated beets, cucumbers, and peppers, and 2 entrees. The entrees were good, but the appetizers were VERY good. Next time I think we will just order a bunch of appetizers, especially the homemade sausages with onions YUMMM!
The Serbian chef and his Filipino wife pretty much run the place and are extremely friendly and helpful. After dinner, the Chef came out and asked everyone what country their grandparents are from, and told us the story of how he came to America. It was so cool to have such authentic experience!This takes me back to Brasov, Romania...almost.  The sarma was amazing, but the other foods I tried were 'meh' at best, such as the spicy fish soup.  Perhaps I am spoiled because I have eaten at real deal eastern european restaurants and homes.  I wish I could write a review on Mimi's goose egg and polenta breakfast.
Definitely try the sarma, leave the rest to the tourists who don't know any better.
**One last note-considering the location and type of food, The Balkan is crazy expensive!  Food from this region is notoriously cheap, IMO.**Great food and friendly service. Reminded me of some of the dishes my mother made for me when I was a child. Give this place a try.This place is terrific - homey and friendly and a BYOB too! They took care of us like we were family (in fact, the owner noticed two other people dining alone and introduced them to each other - how nice is that?) and the food was quite good. 
We were a group of 7 and I apologize to the other diners who might have been trying to have a nice quiet dinner, as we were pretty raucous that night. Nonetheless, the appetizers were fantastic (we had the smoked meat, sausages and stuffed cabbage) and the dessert was awesome (the poppy seed cake was a particular standout).
The entrees, though, were decent but not mindblowing. I think it was probably due to the size of the party but my meat was a touch dry and tough and some of the side salads were a bit weirdly lukewarm. Hence only four stars.This place is great!!  Its run by who I assume are husband and wife, and they are so nice.  Eating there was like being welcomed to eat in a house of an old friend.  Everything is fresh and made to order.  All the vegetables come from their garden and you can taste the freshness.  My boyfriend and I shared the caseless meat sausages and he had the lamb dish and I had the vegetable stew. The bread is made fresh everyday and was awesome and they give you a dish of hot peppers that are really something.  
When we were leaving we gave them our email address because apparently they have nights with live music.  We will totally be back. Its our new special date night location.   
Its BYOB and cash only but still worth checking out.A low key, warm, and simple dining experience.  Eastern European comfort food by a friendly/interesting husband and wife team.  Can't vouch for authenticity because I wouldn't know, but can vouch for the quality and deliciousness of this food.  Large portions, reasonable prices, and BYOB.  Highly recommended.Balkan food, from my experience, is largely a 'meat and potatoes' cuisine, so not necessarily my preference, tho I have enjoyed the lighter fish or chicken dish options.  More importantly, tho, is the people. The owners, a husband-wife-son team, are out on the floor, warmly welcoming customers, and taking the time to explain dishes. For my vegetarian-sister's birthday, we called ahead and they made sure to have a veggie-friendly meal ready, and a delicious off-menu cake. And my dad, who is of Balkan decent, revels in attempting to pronounce the menu items and chatting about the husband's most recent visit back home.WOW! My family is Croatian and after moving here from New York, I was upset that I wasn't able to find an ethnic restaurant in Philadelphia that compared to home.
By random luck, my fiance (whose father is from Hungary) and I came across this restaurant on Yelp last night and read nothing but great reviews. We decided to try it out and I am SOOOO incredibly happy that I did. The owners, Radovan and Wendy, are so friendly and helpful, it truly is like you are dining in their home. The food is straightforward and simple - but high quality and packed with flavor. All the vegetables are organic and grown in their own garden. 
We had the Cevapcici and Hungarian fish soup to start. Cevapcici are like a cross between hamburgers and skinless sausages - they are paired with raw diced onions. I highly recommend asking for the Ajvar, a red pepper spread, to accompany them. It's how I grew up eating them and it's fantastic! My fiance said his Fish soup was nice and spicy and pretty spot on close to ones enjoyed in Budapest.
We followed that up with the Mixed Grilled Meat plate for two and a Cucumber salad on the side. The grilled meats were all great and offered a nice variety - chicken, pork, hamburger, beef, etc over rice - and there was so much food we couldn't finish it!
For dessert, we forced ourselves to order the almond cake, which was light, smooth and tasty. Afterwards, we stayed to chat with Radovan and Wendy for over an hour! We shared stories of travels throughout Europe and Radovan offered us two samples of homemade brandy - one grape, one plum. They were STRONG, but very good. The whole experience reminded me of summers at my uncle's house in Croatia and it was a very warm and friendly experience!
It's obviously not a familiar cuisine for most people, but if you're looking for something different, very reasonably priced, and a place that feels like home, I can't recommend it enough! In fact, although they are only open for regular business on Thursday - Saturday, if you have a group of 6 or more, they'll open especially for you and create a special menu for your group.Me and my similarly big-stomached friend came here last year, splitting the meat plate (I forget the name, but it was like 2 pounds of meat for $30).
The service was good and the food was quite enjoyable. As good as the smoked meat was, we actually liked the rice even more, and I wish there had been more rice (which is a surprising statement coming from me).Great restaurant! Owners very accomodating and friendly and food was delicious.Wow!! Do yourself a favor and come eat here.  Super fresh and authentic tasting food.  Everything we ate was delicious and tasted just outstanding. There is no other way to say it other than it tasted  like true, REAL, food.  Not the usual disguised crap food that comes in a gigantic container from some huge food vendor.  They gorw most of the veggies they serve at home in their garden.  Sevice was excellent, starting with clean silverware and  friendly unobtrusive service.  
We ate Civapcici, Sarma, as well as a beef stew and smoked pork dish with a grilled side.  Vegetarian options on the menu as well.  Fresh, home made Baklava for desert.   Just really a great  and delicious experience.Simply amazing!
From appetizers to the main course everything was wonderful. Fresh and locally sourced. Great presentation and relaxing atmosphere. Owners are wonderful and friendly. Coming back on my next visit to Philadelphia.  Try the serbian beans with smoked meat, you won't regret it!This is a special place- the food is good to great, and not just the same stuff you'd have every day.  The food is flavorful and fresh and traditional.  I like everything I've tried here, from the soup (bean soup w/ smoked meat is my favorite) to the appetizers (all good, but especially smoked meats and grilled peppers) to the main courses (the meats are great!) to baklava and Turkish coffee to finish.  But, the best part of all is the excellent service and friendliness of the owners, Radivan and Wendy.  They are great folks and wonderful to meet.  This is a great place, convenient to both center city and university city, BYOB with both beer and wine easy to buy near by.  The hours can vary sometimes, so it's good to call ahead (it's often closed in summer), but it's not to be missed.  Excellent.This is a fabulous authentic restaurant!!  My husband and his sister grew up in Serbia, and we enjoy going there frequently because it always reminds them of home.  We are always greeted by the owner, and enjoy the feeling of going somewhere where our business is appreciated  They are charming and incredibly helpful.  It is refreshing to go to a restaurant that is family owned and operated, such a change from the typical chain dining experience.  When going, approach with an open mind.  All of the salads are delicious (and most produce they grow themselves)  the raw beet salad, and cabbage salad are my favorite.  Our favorite entree there is pljeskavica, which is a delicious, high flavor hamburger.  It is usually served with a salad (ask for sour cream on the side).  This is a great and different dining experience..This was my first attempt at cuisine from the Balkan peninsula, and I feel as though it is safe to say that my initial foray was a successful one. 
If you are dining as a couple, you should absolutely go for the salad platter. The pickled cabbage, cucumber, and beet combination made for an excellent prelude to the main course.
We opted to share the stuffed cabbage, which was pickled, instead of just steamed, as well as the spicy beef stew. Everything came out exactly as was expected, which alone would call for four stars, but to top things off, the service was top class, and it is BYOB, sans corkage fee. 
Feel free to bring your own (and a date) and enjoy the homey goodness here.Overall: very authentic and charming warm place tucked into one of the rowhouses streets of Center City Philly across from the South Square market. It is owned by the South Square Hardware people and it is not open during the summer and some weeks but when it is open, seize the chance and try some good Balkan, Hungarian foods. Hosts are warm and will take the time to explain dishes to you. Spread the word b/c they are rarely open and so people don't know if it and it's often empty in there.
Food: I ordered a soup and salad for lunch. 7.50$ was my spicy fish Hungarian chowder and it came with a spinach salad (spinach in vinegrette and grilled pepper), toasted flat bread and ball of butter.
Spicy Fish Chowder: if you've had goulash this is similar- it is a tomato based vegetable broth with chunks of fish- spicy so make sure you ask for mild if you're not used to spiciness.I'm not sure why this place isn't better known. The food is delicious, the prices are very reasonable, the owners are incredibly friendly, and it's BYO. There aren't really any Balkan places in Philly, so you get something a little different here. 
The owners, a lovely couple, suggested that we get the family style option--which is great for groups and gives you a well-rounded introduction to the cuisine. They then took charge and paraded an awesome and seemingly endless meat feast.  Try the meat stew, which is quite tasty. 
We went with a big group of people after graduation with no reservation and didn't have to wait.  Most comparably good Philly restaurants make you reserve a table days in advance or squeeze you in at an awkward dining time. All in all, the place was good enough to actually make me sign up for a Yelp account just so I could post this review.This is a hidden gem! The food is incredible! It was like eating a home made meal! The chef and owner was hard at work preparing our meals while his wife served us and made sure we were happy and content! The menu is simple and that's what makes it so charming! It's also a BYOB and the cost of the meals were fabulous! The atmosphere of the restaurant was warm and cozy which made the experience an A+ for us!!One of these small gems hard to find. Husband and wife handle the cooking and the service.
Excellent food from the Balkans, Serbia / Bulgaria / Macedonia. You will not find it in many places and you need to be adventurous in term of culinary. If typically you look for local foods when you travel abroad, the Balkan restaurant is for you.
I gave 4 stars for the quality of the food, friendly service and price very affordable. And yes, it's BYOB, yes they will accommodate you if you are Gluten Free.An adorable little place super conveniently located in Grad Hospital.  Came here for a lovely dinner date and we were the first ones there for dinner service.  Owned by a really nice couple, the wife was our server and great about recommending things on the menu.  She doesn't try to get you to order extra food, in fact she was very skeptical that we would be able to handle the Mesano Meso, which is a platter of a variety of meats with rice.  My boyfriend and I are big eaters though, to say the least and she was pleasantly surprised when we finished off that plus a salad.  
The platter was excellent and the owners very warm and welcoming.  This is just a great place to have a cozy dinner for two.  Will definitely be coming back!Balkan Express is a cash-only, modestly-decorated, family-owned and operated restaurant. A restaurant with very limited business hours (per Yelp, the hours are Thurs to Sat 5-10pm, so yes, 15 hours per WEEK). In fact, I first tried to have dinner there one time in August, but they were closed because the chef (who I think is also the owner) was away for the summer. They asked that I try back again. And that I did! 
The smoked meat and pickled veggies platter was delightful. Smoked pork and beef were thinly cut and served around a bed of pickled cauliflower, tomatoes, carrots, olives, peppers.  Salty, sour, savory, and smoky -- it was all there. The sarma cabbage roll was so light and had incredible deep rich flavors. However, I feel it was slightly overpriced for the amount offered. We also tried the special of the night, chicken paprikash, which came on a bed of noodles. Chicken was tender and the sauce was very tasty and light, but perhaps lacking a small pinch of salt. 
If you're lucky and able to try them out, please do. You'd be hard-pressed to find about establishment in Philly that serves home-cooked, authentic Balkan cuisine.I so wanted this place to be good. The owners are nice couple, however the food was terrible. The food has no flavor. My husband and I couldn't finish 20 precent of the food that we ordered. We were hungry, but couldn't eat the food. The meats were flavorless and no seasoning. The restaurant was almost empty at 7pm on a Friday, and the owners were sitting on our table and we had a very good conversation with them. However, the whole time I just wanted to get out and grab something to eat.  I just wished I liked the food. Later found out many of our neighbors had the similar experience. I do not understand the review for this place.This place was awesome!  Came here on a double date. We tried the serbian appetizer (smoked meat and marinated vegetables), spicy hungarian fish chowder, pork cutlet and pork cubes, baklava and assorted small pastries, sarma (stuffed cabbage rolls), and chicken cubes on skewers.  All of it tasted delicious :)Ok, I am from the Balkans. I am glad you all think this is authentic food. Yes, the owners are friendly and nice, but among the Balkan community in Philly no one dines here as this is just plain bad. As a matter of fact, they do not have any Balkan customers, because this does not qualify as even mediocre Balkan food. I have tried to patronize this place for years, but always leave disappointed. The owner's wife cooks all the food, and the nice lady is Asian, so she has no clue what this is supposed to taste like, and no one can tell her either. So yes, the staff is super friendly, but please don't associate this with Balkan food.Do note that this restaurant is BYOB, cash-only, and has very limited operating hours, though they will open on other days and times to accommodate large groups (8 to 20+ - call ahead).
We very much enjoyed our dinner here. As other reviewers have mentioned, the proprietors are very welcoming - it's almost as if you were enjoying a meal at your favorite relative's home. Except that your relatives are Eastern European. They will gladly accommodate children and have children's books available.
We had the sarma (stuffed sauerkraut cabbage rolls), roasted red pepper salad with garlic, vesalica (smoked pork cutlet with pork cubes on a skewer), muchkalica (beef stew), lamb steak, and baklava for dessert.
Though all the dishes were well-executed, if I had to pick favorites, I'd say that the roasted red pepper salad and the muchkalica beef stew left an impression for also being unique (I cannot vouch for authenticity though). Also, the baklava was nutty and not overly sweet (as far as desserts go!).The owners are very, very nice and sweet. The dishes are super tasty, though I only had the stuffed cabbage, smoked meat, and the sausages.  I loved it and would definitely go back.