Cocktails review only.  So first off, while we didn't try any of the food, we saw a good bit of it walking by and it all looked delicious. Now to the good stuff. First, the drinks aren't cheap.  You're going to pay easily 12 bucks for a cocktail. But what a cocktail. The guys making these drinks aren't so much bartenders as they are artists. Their attention to detail is meticulous, their knowledge of their ingredients is boundless, and their execution is flawless.  Ryan in particular knows his stuff.  Fantastic mixologist all the way around. 
The bar is extremely well stocked with probably hundreds of different liquors. We didn't drink wine, but the menu suggested hundreds of choices there as well. I only briefly glanced at the beer selection but the choices were there as well.   A quick aside about beer. If you're in a bar of this quality, don't order a miller lite. Seriously. It's like going to a Morton's or Ruth's Chris and wanting an Oscar Meyer hot dog. Just... don't. 
Anyhow, the wife and I stayed across the street for a long weekend and found ourselves coming back to this same spot for after dinner drinks every night. Highly recommended.First off the space is gorgeous, live the decor and the service is nice and efficient. The stars are for the ridiculous portions of food. One dish was the spare ribs and it was literally ONE spare rib. Laughably small these portions were, especially for the prices which weren't cheap. The taste was also not worth it. While I appreciate what the place is trying to do and I could see it being a great place to go if they address this, our group left still hungry and irritated and no one is itching to go back for a meal.The food was excellent, especially the steak and bread pudding. My drink was great but I only got 1 because we barely saw the waiter and never got the fries we ordered. It was a friday night during restaurant week but they were significantly under-staffed.Got to hotel around 8pm. Wanted a light dinner, so choose a starter. Had a wonderful pasta ragu, and since it was a starter it was the perfect size. Staff friendly, food came out fast. Atmosphere is loud, seems to be a meeting place for whatever crowd is in the hotel. Food looked good around me, big portions and pricey.We went in on New Years Day around 3:30 PM. The bar was mostly empty, so we easily got a seat at the small bar in the lounge. Waited 5 minutes before we got greeted. We were starving, but only the small bar menu was being offered. We ordered drinks and an order of french fries. The bloody Mary's were mediocre (wasn't expecting them to be amazing, but could have been better). The fries however took 25 minutes to come out. We asked several times why they were taking so long and it was blamed on the food runner. When they finally arrived they were cold and greasy. We were planning on staying for dinner, but instead paid our bill and went elsewhere.When you want to have a nice meal, but still feel relaxed. Price point is reasonable and the menu is rather inventive. All of the appetizers are delicious: barrata, rosemary fries, cauliflower...you really cant go wrong. However, my roasted duck entree was a little sub-par and I was not won over by the flavors. There was a lot going on on the plate - many different sauces, fruits, textures. Needless to say it became a little busy. 
For dessert I sampled the mint chocolate sundae which was average, but the bourbon maple pie was TO DIE FOR. It tasted more like an apple cobbler and I couldn't detect any maple flavor but it was definitely my favorite part of the meal.Great service, great food, nice restaurant design. Jose was an attentive and friendly server! The biscuits with brunch were awesome! Also, get the bourbon donuts! Nice spot.OK--It's Thanksgiving.
You're at a manly-man's upscale restaurant in an impressive Center City landmark.
Even if they're serving hundreds of the same meal, that meal should be exceptional.
Our servers were attentive, pleasant, and informative.
The ham sampler was excellent.
The three "pierogies" were quarter-sized Panko-encrusted filo leaves stuffed with creamed spinach worthy of any good Greek taverna.
With the exception of the turkey dressing, everything on both our plates was cold, dry, and unencumbered by taste.
The mashed sweet potatoes were an artistic smear across the plate.
The pumpkin pie was strictly from Mrs. Smith, and soggy, at that.
If only the entire meal could have been as good as the pear cobbler.
We might be interested in trying this place again, but not on a holiday.
So MANY other good restaurants in town....Hotel prices, food was fine. The artichoke soup left something to be desired. The bartender Kevin was nice and helpful.My boyfriend and I came here last night for our two year anniversary and we were very impressed by the food and the service. We both agreed that it was the best steak we'd ever had in Philadelphia. Our server and the water pourer were very attentive and pleasant and our water glasses never stayed empty. My boyfriend owns a high-volume restaurant in Philadelphia and has been in the business for over 20 years and we can both easily say that we received the best service here than any other restaurant in the city. 
Also our server recommended the pork belly as a starter and we had the walnuty apple pie and chocolate cake for dessert, they were all delicious. As someone who doesn't like too much chocolate the cake was the best I've ever had from a restaurant. I think we've finally found a place we will look forward to going back to. 
I should also add that the hostess was so kind to offer to take our picture as many times as we wanted and in our choice of lighting. Overall we were very pleased. Thank you to everyone at Bank and Bourbon for making our night so wonderful and memorable.Let me say, first and foremost, that I was pretty excited to try this place. My girlfriend and I had both heard and read great things and we decided to stop by one Sunday morning to kick the long day ahead in the city off right. Well, it turned out to be a bad start to our day. First of all, we made a reservation on open table for 11:30, got there at 11:30. There was a group of three girls who came in after us waiting as well. The host greeted them first and asked what he could do for them, completely overlooking and ignoring my girlfriend and I who were clearly there first. They were nice enough to point this out, which led the unfriendly - at least towards us - host to fumble around for a minute or so before deciding to seat us right next to where he was standing. A woman comes up to us after about five minutes, asking if we'd like water or orange juice. Mind you, she didn't greet us or introduce herself as our waitress for the morning, she just asked what we'd be drinking. After about ten minutes, the same host who seated us came up and asked if we were ready to order. Once again, this man never greeted us or introduced himself, so we still have no clue who our waiter or waitress is. Neither of them went over the menu with us or asked if we'd like to try one of their speciality cocktails. After placing our order, I had to STOP him from rushing away from us to order a cocktail. The cocktail that I ordered didn't come our for another 30 minutes. My girlfriend was never asked if she wanted one. The food came out quick, but her eggs were cold as was our French Toast, which was hard as well. None of the food blew either of us away, nor did the absolutely dreadful service or lack thereof. The waitress/host never came by to check up on us, not once, outside of ensuring me that the drink was coming out shortly - ten minutes after I ordered it and twenty minutes before I actually got it. Bottomline, I will NOT being coming back to this place ever again. Over priced, uppity, terrible service - what's the appeal here?I rate this solely on the beverages as I feel like it would unfair for me to rate this together  with the food as I was looking forward to the drinks more then the actual food. The whiskey and bourbon selection is top notch and the fact that you can get a flight of whiskey is a plus. I had a taste of a 25 year old aged woodford reserve and the taste was very rich and I would have to say one of the best bourbons I have had. I also had their selection of knob creek, jack daniels, bookers bourbon 20 year aged and also the breakfast julep cocktail. They were a great selection for myself and I found no problems with the service and the experience of the drinks. Overall if you are in town for some good bourbon I would recommend coming hereCame here for restaurant week and 35 dollars for 3 course meal was amazing ! The service was outstanding. My friend had some leftovers to go and the waitress forgot to package it up for us and another waiter offered to make a completely new dish so that we can bring the little leftovers we had home. Even though if it was not restaurant week it would be a little pricey but the service was good during the deal so I would defintely come back.Wow - this place was a pleasant surprise. The food was very, very good. We had the oysters, charred corn and sugar snap pea salad, halibut, roasted chicken, grits, and asparagus/fava/fresh pea side dish. Everything was tasty, nicely portioned, and well seasoned. The standout for us were the veggies - so fresh and perfectly cooked to crisp tender. Oh, and the desserts were also very memorable - we had the goat cheese parfait and the strawberry rhubarb pie.
As others have mentioned, the service was disorienting as there were so many people coming to the table and not identifying themselves, which left us confused at times. First, someone came with water. Then someone else came with bread. Then someone else came and asked if we wanted bar drinks and walked away, but never identified himself as our server, so we thought he was just a bar guy. It finally became clear that this was indeed our server, but it never really felt like it. He would appear and disappear in very rapid, abrupt ways, sometimes not letting us finish our sentence. Sure, he was friendly, but we have just preferred a smoother, polished, more relaxed interaction with the server, instead of trying to engage with someone acting like he drank 10 Red Bulls.
We will definitely return because the food was terrific. Hopefully, the service will smooth out as time goes on.A great little bourbon bar.  We didn't stop for the food, but only to try two bourbons we've never had, so we went strictly with the recommendation of the bar tender.  I wish I could recall his name, but he was very knowledgeable.  Even more important is the fact I was buying and I didn't want to break my wallet and expressed it to the bar keep.  My buddy loves the sweeter bourbons, so I let him talk.  
So he recommended the "best bourbon for your buck!" He set us up with Calumet Farm ($18) - bottled from hand selected barrels, Calumet has a customary mash bill of corn, rye and malted barley that offers a sweet, flawless finish. Glowing with butterscotch and soft oak, Calumet's harmonious perfection of wood and caramel is admirably balanced with complex flavors of light brown sugar and soft white pepper.  
Damn straight it was exactly what we expressed to our barkeep that we were looking for!  At $18 a glass, it was excellent.  
This how good this barkeep was - I told him to recommend something that has a bit of sweet for my friend, while accommodating the "bite" I enjoy in a good bourbon.  He recommended Woodford Reserve Double Oaked ($20) and he delivered! Only hell Batman, it delivered a bite that I enjoy, but it settles into a sweet mellowness that relaxes the senses.  
Ok, so I only had two bourbons and no food, but given the atmosphere, the barkeeps knowledge and his willingness to be a part of our experience, making it about us more than anything else, coupled with attentiveness, I;m going 5-Ass Stars! 
We simply had a great night.Went for restaurant week. Small portions and overpriced. Some food was nicely seasoned and others options were not. Probably won't go back againMy wife and I stopped in on St Patrick's day for a late dinner last night.  I have been here before but had not reviewed the restaurant.
The service is great. The food is solid.  This is my third visit and the food is consistently fantastic.  I hesitate to give it one more star because it is a hotel restaurant, and as such, it tends to attract business travelers and people just looking for a quick meal.  The menu caters to that crowd.  Having said that, the food is carefully prepared and the drinks are crafted with care.  The bourbon, rye and whiskey list is extensive.  My wife splurged and had a hard-to-find glass of Whistle Pig Boss Hog that was as tasty as some of the best single malt or craft bourbons out there today (it hails from VT).
The steak was expertly cooked and the service was prompt and attentive.  The bar is long and seats many diners (we enjoy eating at the bar vs getting a table).  It can be loud (there were many convention attendees there) but not overwhelming (the space is large but not cold.  It's thoughtfully designed).
Overall, a good dining experience and an excellent place to grab a unique drink.Everything about Bank and Bourbon was amazing! Truly the best service I have had. The food was exceptional. I had the cheese platter and the salmon. My server Kirk was excellent. I cannot wait to return to Philadelphia just to eat here again.Business lunch.  Crispy chicken sandwich was ok and parmesan fries were delicious.  But the real winner was the blueberry pie!Really enjoyed my first time at Bank & Bourbon. The service was timely and friendly, and the food was pretty good. The atmosphere is nice; when we went  (6:30 PM on a Sat) it was a little empty although attendance picked up quickly throughout the evening. I really enjoyed the Taste of Ham appetizer. Additionally I tried the heirloom salad and chives roasted mushrooms, both of which were yummy but not my absolute favorite. I thought the dishes were a little too pricey for the quality but certainly not a large discrepancy. I will be going back at some point, if not for anything but the ham!With all that CC Philadelphia has to offer in terms of F&B, unless you are staying at the Loews and looking for a nightcap, the atmosphere is typical of a hotel, as are the prices. Although, for something spectacular, go to the top of the hotel for a beautiful view of the city!While there several good reviews on this restaurant my wife and I were sorely disappointed.  We started with a cocktail which were ok. My wife ordered the crispy meatballs that were less than ordinary and I ordered the butter salad and grilled octopus. It took 40 minutes for our main course to arrive. While the salad was good the octopus was over cooked and tough. I wanted to order a glass of wine but it took 15 minutes before we came across our waiter. I asked to see the wine list and he was gone for 10 minute and had no list. Rudely he said we have red and white. You've got to be kidding me - the rates up there with one of the worst restaurant experiences of my life, 2 parts for food 5 parts for serviceI came here with a few friends over the weekend and had a fantastic dinner. The staff was amazing, and the food was really flavorful! Definitely recommended for anyone living in or visiting Philly. Atmosphere is great, and so was the wine!We were just there and their oyster selection today is excellent. It's a must if you are into them. Cheese and ham plates outstanding also. Nice bourbon and whiskey selection also.My husband and I had the pleasure of dining at Bank & Bourbon a couple of Saturdays ago along with a group of friends and the meal was excellent.  The general manager, Alex Amato, was top notch, always making sure that our large group never wanted for anything.  The food was on par with some of the best in the city - inventive and delicious. Some of the standouts, in particular, were the pierogies, the cheese and charcuterie boards (goat butter -- delicious!), the pear salad, the lamb dish and the salmon.  My husband shared the Cowboy Steak for two with another friend and it was cooked to perfection.  The cookie platter was so large, we were able to take home treats to our children.  The decor of the restaurant was trendy and had a cool vibe -- definitely did not feel like you were in a hotel restaurant, which was a major plus.  I highly recommend this restaurant -- a very welcome addition to an otherwise uninspiring part of town.Best meal I've had all week! Start with the Taste of Ham - the tenderly thin slices melt in your mouth! Second course: Skuna Bay Salmon cooked to perfection (medium rare) with sweet potato purée. I like sweet and easy whiskeys so I went with the Angel's Envy - excellent recommendation by Greg, bartender extraordinaire! Great service, superb meal!I have this one star because the water was drinkable.
The eggs Benedict was cold and soggy. The coffee was abysmal.Came here for dinner for my birthday which also coincided with restaurant week.
For restaurant week it seems to be a value but I'm not sure that I would visit here otherwise.
I came on a Wednesday night and I felt a little out of place being almost surrounded by business people.  Not my scene but entertaining to a degree to people watch.  The service was great. So with the beverages flowing, I was very much allowed to.
THE APPETIZER: Tuna Tartare was quite delicious!  I always enjoy how people take on their tuna tartare and this did not disappoint.  I remember it being just a bit spicy though.  I enjoyed the contrast in textures from the crisps and the furikake.
THE ENTREE: Not a regular menu item.  I had trout that was accompanied by root vegetables.   Pretty traditional flavors.  The dish let the veggies speak for themselves.  I was surprised that I would enjoy this meal without any sort of comfort carb.
THE DESSERT: Chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream.  Pretty rich which I liked but definitely not something I could finish eating by myself.  My boyfriend didn't want any, so I somehow had to find a way to persevere.Service was good but the food was mediocre.  They ran out of food on a holiday weekend.  How do you run out of the tomahawk cut, strip steaks and porkchops? I was told that they ran out of my entree, then they come back and said yes they have it.  Then the manager tells me they don't have it and he was willing to pay my meal.  I appreciated the gesture but my steak was coming.  Once it arrived it wasn't cook to my liking or favored to it.  I did want to return  it because they don't have want I wanted to eat.  It was an expensive cut of meat that I could of made at home.  Other then that they have a good selection for kids menus. I should of ordered from  the kids menu.  Will I go back here, probably not.Great atmosphere and service! The cocktails were all delicious and very unique. I had the Secret Knock and the Oopsie Daisy and was definitely pleased! I highly suggest the Goat Cheese Parfait for dessert; I cannot stop day dreaming about it! Delish!The service was timely and polite. Food was delicious! The drinks strong. I highly recommend this restaurant for a casual fine dining experience.Wholly unimpressed with the hostess and reservation staff.  For such a trendy and expensive spot, they have amateurs running the hostess stand. 
I made a reservation weeks in advance for thanksgiving. We not only had trouble confirming the reservation but also encountered odd behavior and service upon arrival. 
Once we were seated we had great service and a fairly delicious meal. The food was definitely edging on trendy modern cuisine. I had prosciutto wrapped pirogues, salmon, and a fruit tart available on the $49 prefixed menu. 
Was the meal worth the $49? No. But the food was very good and the trendy southern chic decor didn't hurt.Located in America's first international style sky scraper, the Loew's Hotel is stacked above this lovely restaurant & bar. It's called "Bank" and Bourbon after its former life as Philadelphia Saving Fund Society, America's first savings bank. (It's Philadelphia, so, y'know--lots of firsts.) Breakfast is my favorite menu here--fantastic (really) omelettes & delicious pancakes. Lunch & dinner offer a solid array of full entrees and small plates that changes seasonally, as well as an insanely wide range of bourbon. Their servers know bourbon in depth and will describe it to you in a lively way, then help you choose a good one. Impressive.We stayed at the Loews and ventured down to bank and bourbon for dinner and drinks.  The staff seemed friendly and efficient. The drink menu  has a lot of whiskey and bourbon drinks but not a lot of other liquors. The signature drinks were very good, also not a lot to choose from. I had the oopsie daisy, it was a nice summery drink.  This is a new establishment so the drinks menu will probably grow over the summer time. However the food was very good we were all happy with our choices. The pork chop was tender and juicy alone it the half chicken dish. The salad I ate had a little spice kick with pecans so it was an interesting mix. The prices are on the high side but at least there was quality and quantity involved with the meals.Dropped in for lunch. Interior of restaurant is nice and service was very friendly. Tuna tartar for an appetizer had a great flavor. The tuna was a bit mushy, though. It should have been more firm. Main course was the dry aged burger. The presentation looked great. Nice thick burger with some Parmesan fries. I ordered the burger medium well; it looked to be cooked at that temp. The burger was a bit dry and had a slight iron after taste. Could have just been bad luck, because this build should have been delicious. The fries were very good. Crisp warm and seasoned perfect.There's no other restaurant in the city that can compete with the ambiance in Bank & Bourbon. Straightforward, enticing, and flavorful dishes prepared with an obvious attention to detail.  Menu changes a bit with the seasons, staff is friendly, and the drinks are always perfectly crafted! Keep it up!Ate breakfast here and was pleasantly surprised all around with my experience. The ambiance is clean, warm, and welcoming. The food is farm to table and healthy. I have been trying to stick to the ol' resolutions I made this New Year by eating better and eating more veggies. When I'm home, this means it's green smoothies in the morning for me. After being on the road for quite some time, I was desperate for a green smoothie and veggies. Although not on the menu, they were awesome enough to make one for me and even asked what vegetables I wanted and what I wanted to avoid. This was above and beyond and I'm just so appreciative to find a restaurant that will provide foods that are delicious, healthy, and actually good for you. In addition to the green smoothie I also ordered two eggs that were cooked perfectly and mixed fruit that was amazingly good...none of that pre sliced fruit that's been sitting in preservatives. A tasty, healthy option with a menu broad enough to accommodate those who also want meals that feel liked calorie splurges.Went here for a bachelorette dinner, what a great experience. They brought us complimentary champagne to start off with and toast the bride to be. The service was amazing, as was the food. Definitely recommend and will be back again.I had reservations at B&B on a Saturday night for my birthday. We arrived around 8pm, and were almost immediately seated, the table was near the door, and because there was a chilly draft coming in, the hostess accommodated us by re-seating us, which was really nice.
The restaurant was somewhat busy, but not a full house.  Someone came to offer us water and bread, but our waiter didnt come until about 10-15 minutes.  While we were mulling over the menu, we have him our appetizer and cocktail order.  After about 40 minutes, and no check in from the waiter, we asked him what was going on with our cocktail order? I mean, my husband ordered a scotch and I ordered a cosmo, it shouldnt have taken 40 minutes. The waiter then ran back to the bar and came back within 2 minutes, and apologized. Another 10 minutes passed, and we received my husbands 1st course order (i didnt have anything), and then about 30 minutes later we relieved our dinners. (an hour and 20 minutes after we were seated). We then ordered dessert, because hey it was my birthday! We didnt think it would take long, but that took at least 20 minutes to recieve. My husband was very disappointed as was I with the service time.  
on the some of the good stuff. The Ambiance, is really nice, and my steak was incredible. It was delicious, but thats the only good thing I have to say about the place. It took us 2 hours to get out from the time we sat down, to the time we received our check.
I understand sometimes restaurants get busy, but hey... don't let a customer wait 40 minutes for a drink. We would have order at least 2 more while we were there. The waiter did not comp anything... the birthday dessert nor the 40 minutes delayed drink, which were were not banking on, however, it would have been nice customer service, and probably would have had us come back again with a clean slate.
There are a lot of steak places in teh city which are great. Lolita, Del Friscos, Ocean Prime are among them, and with MUCH better service.So, I was unimpressed by Bank & Bourbon. I went here the Wednesday before Thanksgiving and they were out of the top two things that I wanted from the menu (the scallops looked incredible, so I may have to go back when they are back in stock and update the review). 
We had a nice dinner, with relatively inattentive service. After ordering drinks (The Afterthought cocktail should not be its namesake, don't hesitate to order that beauty), it took a while to get them and then an even longer time to get out waitress' attention to order. 
Ambience wise, this place is very trendy despite being inside a hotel. The restaurant is pretty dimly lit and there are a few types of tables with different seating options like couch loungers. It seems good for groups as well.
For dinner, I had the Bronzino with roasted vegetables. It's a whole fish, but you  have the option of removing the head when served, which I requested. It was really buttery and rich. I couldn't finish it because I am not used to that amount of butter. The roasted veggies were pretty oily as well. My friend had the ahi tuna appetizer and a Brussel sprout salad as her dinner and she liked it. 
All in all, there are very few options for vegetarians, and some of the fish items even have bacon grease, so it's even tough for pescatarians. I am not anxious to recommend.Went for brunch on a Sunday morning and was pleased with the selection. We ordered the Bourbon Doughnuts as an appetizer to split which I highly recommend. The egg white fritatta was average, but enjoyed the greens it came with. The blueberry sour cream pancakes were wonderfully fluffy and tasty. Cocktails were great- not too strong but getting your money's worth. Our waiter was very nice and attentive. Would definitely go back!Terrible value. Half-decent food, but it's clear you're paying prices of a hotel lobby's restaurant. Might be worth visiting if just for cocktails or if someone else pays. Spend your own money on better food.this review pertains to happy hour only, we didn't dine there, found this listed in a place of top Philly happy hours, Not. The only food offered was a piece of ham on bread for $6. Drink menu was interesting, but only four choices. They need to step it up, at least put some peanuts on the bar. Maybe that's why there were four people there on a Friday night at 5 pm!Got the cheese plate, fries, and a mule.  The cheese plate was ho-hum.  Fries were decent but it would have been nice to get more of the rosemary flavor throughout.  I make better mules at home.  Service was _extraordinarily_ slow.
Parking at the attached Loews garage was $10.  They told us we had a 2-hour limit and we were there for maybe 2.5 hours but had zero issues.I dined here tonight and was extremely disappointed with my experience especially since I dined here the previous evening and had a stellar experience. Our waiter was extremely rude and curt. While I have waited tables in my past and understand "being in the weeds", it is absolutely unacceptable to have a server snatch your entree from in front of you for bringing the wrong salad followed by a rude explanation. The manager was very kind to apologize and comp a few items off of our bill but as this hotel is slotted for our company travel it makes it very convenient to dine downstairs but needless to say, I will never dine in this establishment again and I am sure my colleagues also will not because after a long day of meetings this is not the service we would like to receive. I was shocked to receive this type of service. I will say that the hotel does have a great chicken salad that you can order from room service and avoid  the resturant.For a hotel restaurant, Bank and Bourbon was great. Our party didn't want to venture out too far near checkout time so we headed to this restaurant and had a solid breakfast. I ordered the corned beef hash and eggs which was less of corned beef hash and moreso diced potatoes with a few bits of diced corned beef. It was good but wasn't what I was expecting. I liked the decor and service here.A great dining experience. The food was excellent and the service fantastic. It is a beautiful restaurant and we intend to go there regularly.We had several meals at the restaurant the week of June 4th. Breakfast was good but nothing special and quite pricey. However the burger, crispy chicken sandwich and parmesan fries were all well done and priced. For dinner one night we had the ham board which was incredible. The cheese board was also good but not quite as remarkable. The seared duck breast was excellent as was the fillet mignon. Service was very good.
There are many good restaurants in walking distance but when time is short or when you are too tired to venture out, this is hotel restaurant is a step of most I've eaten at.Yummy midday meal! I came at the mid point between lunch and dinner so the menu was limited, especially for vegetarians. However, the menu items I ordered were superb! The butter lettuce salad was simple but inventive and delightfully yummy with rainbow radishes and creamy dressing. The cheese plate offered variety and perfect sides of figs, apples, pecans and jam. Wish I was going to be in town long enough to try the full menu.Stayed over night at the Lowes hotel. Went to the bar to have a drink and some apps. Bar was not crowded maybe 6 people. Took him 3 min to even acknowledge my wife and I. Weak.    When asked about apps gave some choices very half heartedly. Weak.  We got the ham plate and cheese plate. Good. Did not ask his they were. When we ordered my wife's drink he assumed I wanted the same thing even though I asked specifically about the whiskey. Maybe he was just having a bad afternoon buy we did not eat there again during our stay. Good luck. Hopefully the service is better in the restaurant.I'm normally not a fan of hotel bars, but I really like this one. They have a great selection of bourbons, including my fave, Koval (which can be hard to find). And the bartenders have always given me great service. My fave is Gabriel, who is charming as hell and makes great drinks, but others have been good as well (including Amanda and a bald guy whose name escapes me). Food quality varies -- some dishes are good, others ehhh. But I do love the bar. The main reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is that sometimes the crowd can be annoying since it is, after all, in a hotel. But kudos to the bar for good drinks and great serviceThis review is based on cocktails only.
They were delicious.
The end.
JK I have a little more. The restaurant itself is beautiful though I was partial to the bar area, not only because, duh, its the bar.. but because they had this cool, comfortable, seating area with couches and a big huge TV showing football.  I had a martini and my date had one of their fancy cocktails. Both were delightful. The service was great as well, despite a busy saturday night.  For whiskey & bourbon people: they have a huge collection and extensive tasting menu....So I got here late, kitchen closed. Bartender said he'd see what he could do regarding a full meal. Well the kitchen staff took take care of me. Great steak. Great bar. Would not have bothered me if they said they were closed but bartender was on it. Steak. Excellent.I really wanted to like this place. I tried really hard. I fell in love with the menu and pictures I saw online and decided to bring my boyfriend here for his birthday as a surprise. We arrived on time for our reservation (Thur, 7:15) to an almost empty restaurant, score. They showed us to the front, against the windows, smushed in between a 2 top of two LOUD businessmen and a 4 top of LOUD businessmen. There were about 15 empty tables around us, which remained empty the entire time we were there. Okay, that's alright, cocktails will help this.
Our waiter took our drink order and promptly brought them back before he rushed away. No biggie, I don't like to rush to order. 10 minutes goes by. 15. 20. 30. He didn't return for THIRTY FIVE minutes to take our dinner order. Now, I was a server. We had placed the menus off to the side 10 minutes after we initially sat down, the universal sign for HEY COME TAKE OUR ORDER PLZ. 35 minutes. We ended up skipping the appetizer we wanted in fear that it would take us 3 hours to get to our main course. We also scrambled to order a 2nd round of drinks before he could go AWOL again.
He ordered the filet, I had the salmon and both dishes were great. The waiter dropped them off and never returned until our plates were bare. And yet, we watched him visit the two tables on either side of us many times, never even LOOKING at ours. I guess our quiet conversation didn't scream WE'RE IMPORTANT AND RICH like those around us.
When it came time to paying the bill, he dropped the check and after I glanced at it and set it down, he rushed right over to take the book back even though I hadn't put anything in it yet. I'm sorry, are you in a hurry now?
I probably won't be back. Good food does not make up for terrible service, especially when you're dropping $200.We had dinner Thursday and I had the Halibut and my wife had the fillet. Both were cooked to perfection. The head chef Tom came out and I complemented him on both meals. The beef comes from a small farm in Kansas. Very tender and tasty. Our last night in town we decided to come back. Tom saw us and came out to say thank you for coming back. He highly suggested we try the cowboy steak for two. We were amazed how tasty this large steak was and was perfect. Our waitress was amazing, Madelene. Knowledge of menu and personality that made the dining experience over the top.The beer is great and the atmosphere is better!
I had the taste of Ham and it was AMAZING 
Really cool place and a must stop in!!!Meal ordered: Duroc pork chop, market salad, and ice cream sandwich.
Pros: 1) Service was excellent here. The waitstaff were attentive, but not overly so. 2) The starter salad was also excellent and flavorful. 3) The ice cream sandwich was by far the best part of the meal. Everything is homemade in the restaurant with the exception of the bread, but this vanilla ice cream was outrageously good, and the cookie along with the caramel both made this dish perfection. The ice cream sandwich was by far the best thing I ate in Philadelphia during my four-day trip.
Cons: 1) The pork chop was very dry. The greens and sauce were great, but couldn't make up for the fact that the chop was tough and chewy.
Summary: GO FOR THE DESSERTS!!!! THEY'LL BLOW YOUR MIND!!!We stopped in for a nightcap and dessert and ended up waiting out a thunderstorm. Great drink choices, and they were well crafted. The  peanut butter and jelly sundae tasted exactly like a PBJ sandwich. It was enjoyable yet odd at the same time.Fantastic new restaurant inside the Loews hotel. Delicious craft cocktails . The staff and management is very professional tooStayed at the Loews for two nights and had food and beverage credit so we had breakfast/brunch here for two days. 
The ambiance here is really rustic and cute, and the service was pleasant. During the course of our stay, we tried the following dishes:
- Blueberry sour cream pancakes
- Sharp cheddar cheese omelette
- Corned beef hash & eggs
- Steak & eggs
- Applewood smoked bacon
- Smoked pork loin
Our favorites were probably the pancakes and corned beef hash. A lot of restaurants will dice up your corned beef so that it turns into a mush with the hash, but bank and bourbon serves their corned beef in sizable chunks. I personally think that I like it better this way because I was able to actually taste the texture and quality of the corned beef and properly enjoy it with their amazing potatoes.
Yelp gives this restaurant three dollar signs ($$$), which might deter some people away but IMO I think their breakfast/brunch is in the $$ range. Definitely worth a visit!Newish restaurant replaces the old hotel lounge on the corner of Market.  Dinner selections were nice but entree prices were a bit on the high side.  Pate appetizer was delicious as was the ham trio.  Dinner wine selections are a bit limited.  Lunch was also nice and served quickly.  The complimentary bread was very tasty and the B&B Chicken Salad hit the spot.
Thumbs up for:  taste, service convenience, atmosphereA block south of the Reading Terminal Market, this place is classy and upscale. I can only review the bar, but my partner and I were quite pleased with the experience. Both of us loved the brews and the "fingerlings" appetizer, which is small potatoes fried in duck fat and slightly broken open when served. They were amazing!
The atmosphere is great -- spacious with the right amount of light and a good over floor plan. I would like to try it again for dinner when I bring an appetite.Good, quality food.  We had burger,  duck special and banana toffee something.  Everything tasted good.I just held a special event there for a brunch, exchanging emails with the event planner as to time, tables, and my husband picking up the check for 3 tables of 30 people. What s disaster! After all my emails and planning with the event planner, the handling of the brunch was unacceptable. When the first guests arrived they were told that the brunch was at 11:00, not  10:00. I had been sent sample limited menu with no prices, but there were some prices in the menus handed out. And one table was given a check and had to pay for their meals. It was later straightened out, but the way the whole thing was handled was very embarrassing. I would steer clear of this venue for special events!Very frustrating dinner experience. This is the first negative review that I've left, but I'd like to prevent other people from having the same experience that we did.
The food was great, but the service was the frustrating part. I took my fiancé there for his birthday on a Saturday night. We both have experience in the service industry and are some of the last people to complain at restaurants. Our server and the bartender or manager were the probably the main areas of concern. Our server didn't greet us until about 20 minutes after being seated, after we asked a busboy to flag him. My wine had a fly in it, which I don't particularly care that much. A manager/or bartender saw this and got me a new one. Our server gave my fiancé a drink menu on request after his drink had been finished for 20 minutes, and then stood in a corner talking to a table for about 20 minutes and never returned to take my fiancés drink order. When he finally returned we asked for the check. The fly wine wasn't comped. I explained that probably no one told him and he argued with me that I was given a new wine so what was the big deal. This is when I said it was our first dining experience there, and it was my fiancés birthday. He gave us a free piece of cake which was at least half decent. 
Expensive good food, but the service negates that.Beautiful building, exquisite service and tremendous food. Highly recommend! Burger and ahi tuna were delicious and satisfying without being overwhelming. This place is luxury without any pretentious hints.Located in a nicer hotel in center city. They have a lounge off the lobby and a restaurant and bar on the other side. Decent beer selection but pretty standard and a nice wine selection. Charcuterie and cheese board was decent. A little pricey for the amount of food you get. Might be a nice place for a pre-dinner cocktail.This place was horrible. I asked for a medium filet mignon and it was so dry. I had to ask for some time of sauce and even that couldn't hide the horrible dryness and lack of flavor. For dessert I had the toffee pudding. Sounds tasty right? Wrong. My friend described it best. It tasted and looked like a glazed muffin that had been left our 4-5 days. It was so dry and tasteless. It was cold so the ice cream didn't even melt. It's Philadelphia. Go anywhere but here. Overall very poor experienceThis meal started off strong with the delicious asparagus salad. But then the main course was a disaster. The filet mignon was a nice cut of beef but medium rare showed up as medium well. The veggies that came with it were inedible and burnt beyond recognition. And some kind of spinach puree was non-existent. Service also started out strong but also became non-existent when "important" persons showed up at the table next to me. Took forever to even get the check. Went out for gelato afterwards to get the taste of 'dinner' out of my mouth. Sorry, but never again. Next to Kabuki sushi, this ties for worst meal in Philly.Tyler the bartender was everything you'd want when trying out a new place.  He politely answered all of our questions and gave us in depth descriptions about our drink choices.  He was attentive and on point with all of his recommendations all while looking exceptionally dapper.  I highly suggest the Secret Knock and the Overnighter.  The atmosphere was perfect with a very rustic/classy feel.  We had the pleasure of meeting two other bartenders Ray and Deon who were also very friendly.  Will definitely return on my next trip to Philadelphia.Great specialty cocktail selection.  The bourbon list rivals some of the best bourbon bars in Kentucky.  Had the pork chop on my last visit.  It was a little overcooked, but still delicious.Carrots good but cold which was unexpected - the yogurt that accompanied was great. Also enjoyed the short rib starter, almost wished I wasn't splitting it. Displeased that both filet mignons at the table were served charred on the outside despite both asking for medium rare cook temp. For the price I find this unacceptable. 
The half chicken was massive I can't even imagine what the whole one is like! We enjoyed the apple pie for two and the coconut chocolate layer cake. Server was sweet but soft spoken in an irritating way. Attention to water refills was good and the sourdough bread for the table was fresh and tasty.I just had a fantastic dinner and couldn't be more pleased with my experience here. Everything was delicious, from the appetizers to the specialty cocktails. I had the lamb plate & loved everything on it, esp the perfectly crisp belly. The pea perogies were another highlight of our meal. The presentation of the food & drinks was also beautiful. Service was on point and prompt. Our server checked on us regularly without being too intrusive. Despite the upscale & posh look of the restaurant, the service was very friendly and laid back - not stuffy at all. I would definitely come back!Service never stopped...everyone was there to make your meal enjoyable.  Great atmosphere.  Had the Lancaster Chicken & it was awesome... Highly recommend!  Look forward to returning!Bank & Bourbon has been around a few years now and never made it to my must-go list. I recently ended up there for a group dinner and had a solid experience.
Why the three? The service was on the slower side. It took 20 minutes to get a server to put in drink orders, and she'd disappear a bit throughout the meal. She didn't ask me if I wanted another drink until halfway through the meal, even when I had finished my first after the appetizers.
She did make a great recommendation for the cocktail. The Overnighter allowed me to have a taste of bourbon without committing to a full pour of strong liquor. It was sweet but had an enjoyable punch to it.
We ordered several appetizers- oysters, meatballs, butternut squash pierogis, goat cheese and potato roulade and a cheese plate. Half were stellar and the other half were standard. The meatballs and pierogis were the standouts. There wasn't enough of a variety of cheese in the cheese plate. I don't eat oysters frequently so can't speak to them. The goat cheese and potato roulade had a beer salad base that seemed more like tomatoes. 
The hands down best part of my meal was the seared duck. It had a crispness to the outside, fantastic flavor and minimal fat, which is obviously clutch for duck. I enjoyed the spiced lentils however didn't care for the root vegetables. The carrots could've been cooked more.
In lieu of dessert I had the harvest Zinfandel as my after dinner drink.
There were definitely parts of this meal to brag about like the duck, the meatballs, pierogis and drinks. However, with the Philly dining scene as hot as it is, you need to be the overall package.One star for the decor. My husband and I walked in mid afternoon, the bartender told us to sit wherever we wanted...and that ended it. We sat for about 15 minutes. Three other customers were in the restaurant. The bartender appeared to be doing routine chores, another employee was looking at us on and off while he placed ice in containers, and two people were working in the kitchen. We received no service, not even "sorry  someone will be with you..." We moved on to another restaurant, gladly spent about $80 on food and good wine...elsewhere. We live and work in Center City, but will not return to Bank and Bourbon. Too many great options to tolerate no/poor service.Dined here for Saturday brunch. We were a little disappointed to find that at 12:00pm, they only had "brunch" available. Their brunch menu seems a bit out of balance between breakfast and lunch. It definitely seemed more breakfast than lunch. I would be more interested in their lunch menu next time. 
Food was tasty and service was overall good. I had the Sharp cheddar cheese omelette with potatoes. My meal was tasty although I could not finish it. My husband ordered the Dry Aged Burger but wasn't really a fan...he said it was "too dry." The place was empty when we arrived and was still empty when we left. The waiter was very attentive and very friendly.
I would come back to try lunch or dinner but probably not brunch.Sat at the beautiful brown marble bar so as not to take up a whole table. The interior is so timelessly glamorous that I was wistfully looking at the window seating.  I could imagine in decades past, the room would be filled smoke and snifter glasses.
Was handed the menu for restaurant week and the regular menu. $20 for a three course lunch for restaurant week. Tempting, but I was too curious about their burger. The bartender was very personable. I got the dry aged burger. Oh. My. A little smattering of chopped Poblano peppers, some finely grated cheese, a cute little bun, and the burger itself... The meat was just so full of flavor. I don't think I've ever had a dry aged burger. The bartender says that they do all sorts of dry age and wet age here. (I'd never heard of wet aging, he explained, sounds like marinating or brining for a couple of days to me) my only thing is that the bun was a weird texture, dry and airy. I guess you need something light to counter the meat, and dry but holds together to catch meat juices, but I wasn't a fan. The manager came around to ask about the food. I told her fabulous, but did mention the bun. She looked abashed, and offered to have the bun swapped out, but I think it was more of the type of bread rather than a stale bun, so declined.  The fries were seasoned and crispy.
Delicious. Am coming back before restaurant week is out.Wow. Waited forever for an awfully disappointing meal. Breakfast has to be the easiest meal to prepare which makes it all the more surprising when it's done so horribly. Omelette was puny. Sausage was over cooked and dry. Potatoes we practically raw.  No BuenoBrunch with daughter and son in law today. I walk past often, since I live in CC, I did not realize the interior was so huge and well appointed.  My daughter was staying at loews for the night, and she suggested it. I was so surprised when I saw the brunch menu.  I had eggs benedict with salmon, daughter had the steak breakfast, soninlaw blueberry pancakes with side of corned beef.  The portions were huge and the food and presentation reminded me of one of my favorite NY brunch spots.  I plan to put this on my list to revisit.  Can't believe I missed this spot.  The brunch menu is fairly priced.