Enjoyed our time here recently. We were greeted warmly and got a nice table by the window promptly. 
Service. 5 STARS ABSOLUTELY this is how you Do service. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and drinks. Made suggestions and brought samples. Checked up on us and was a delight. I'd give her 10 stars if I could. 
The boards are an absolute MUST. 
Great beers and cocktails. 
You really can't go wrong. The boards are up to you. Have all veg or all protein or mix it up. 
Everything we had was well presented. We had a mix of proteins and veg. Only thing was everything was really over salted. Lacked any other spices or herbs. Pepper would  have been nice. Hence the 4 star.  I missed any hint of an acid or sweetness. The breads and roasted baguette pieces were definitely on point.  In hindsight I would have ordered a salad too. 
Dessert. Disappointed that our first choice was sold out. As was our first choice in Beer. Sad. 
Tasty cake was a novel attempt.  A little heavy on the peanut butter but fun nonetheless. 
Cobbler was a nice ending and 5 stars for not being overly sickeningly sweet. Thank you for that! 
All in all very enjoyable considering so many other eating establishments in the area are at solid 3 stars. For a reason! 
We will definitely be back!Nice atmosphere, clean bathrooms and good strong drinks. We were only there for a short period of time but the cosmos definitely got us right before we were on our way. I didn't get the bartender's name but shout out to him & his heavy hand.fun local bar in the neighborhood. plenty of outdoor seating when the weather is nice. Food and drinks are exceptional as well. Meat and cheeseboard is always a good idea here! The chicken bites are also delicious to snack on. Menu changes but everything is delicious!I went here last Saturday with my girlfriend and my father, and I was absolutely blown away. 
I'll start with the drinks. One of the owners is an old friend of ours, and when we inquired about the beers (all brewed on-site!!) he brought us a sample of his 5 favorites. They were all fantastic, but my favorite was the House of Bitterness, a delicious IPA. I would have been very happy with all of the beers I tried. 
For food, we ordered a bunch of dishes and shared everything. In terms of highlights, the Hooked up Frites were just unbelievable. Brisket was very tender and flavorful. 
The mushroom and spaetzle was perfect. The large charred oyster mushrooms were a perfectl complement to the soft spaetzle. 
The chocolate chip cookies came out warm with the chocolate chips just beginning to melt. 
I can definitely see this place becoming hugely popular. They have a great selection of house-made beers, delicious new-American comfort food, and a super cozy atmosphere. Can't wait to go back and try more things.Bar Hygge was an experience that didn't disappoint in any way...food, service, ambiance, and value.  Further, the restaurant has an expansive selection of craft beers and wines that pair extraordinarily well with the menu.  I look forward to returning again in the near future to sample additional items!Hey now, this is just what Fairmount Ave. needed. This place has a great ambiance and the staff were wonderful. We came in around 6pm on a Wednesday and were seated quickly. I started with an Aperol Spritz (draft) and it was tasty! I split the waffle (chicken) wings with Dining Partner and a buddy. I've had a rendition of these in Upstate NY and these were comparably delicious. I highly recommend them!
All three of us ordered the burgers, two of which were charred much past the medium well we ordered, but it's understandable because they're just starting out. The waiter and food runner (manager maybe?) we very attentive and constantly asked how we liked our food. After we paid our bill, they didn't rush us out in fact they invited us to stay and hang out. Can't wait to come back for more!Nice staff, good food, calm decor, decent prices. Not much more you can ask for. I will be back.This place is awesome. Love the cocktails and the beers. However, the wine on draft is my favorite. I also love everything on their menu. You can order whatever and it's amazing. I love the boards! I love two blocks from this place and I tell all my friends about it. Great service as well.I've been here twice now and I can honestly say that I wish I had a better experience. It's new to the area, which made it exciting. 
Sadly, the beer list is mediocre and service is weird. I'd still come back, I guess but not any time soon. 
The most important part is that the food is awful in quality and portion. We got the cheese/meat/veggie board. There was nothing on there that was worth the price we paid. The food was so mediocre and I had to rip at the meat because the slices weren't laid out well, just slumped. I'm sad to say that the food and price doesn't meet the expectations held.Great food, atmosphere and crowd! We had Hygge Boards as appetizer which included beer tartar & house smoked brisket - all very tasty and perfect for sharing among 4 ppl. I had Grass-fed Beef Burger - medium rare - was delicious, juicy and just the right size. Excellent beer selection - RunnerUp Belgium-style pale was great with my burger.
We reached after 10 PM on Thursday night and stayed past their usual kitchen closing time but the staff was very accommodating and courteous.I really wanted to like this place, but the menu is lacking. Also, it's a bit pricey for the portions. My husband ordered a grass fed beef burger and I had the quinoa veggie sliders. Don't get me wrong the food wasn't bad, I just wasn't overall impressed for price and portions. Maybe if we go back again we'll try some different items. The place is super cute and cozy inside so bonus points for that!I really wanted to like this place.  I live pretty close, and I like the idea of a spot brewing their own beer on location.  For a few weeks, I window-shopped, as the Friday/Saturday crowds looked pretty solid, but as of late it's definitely died down. We stopped in on a Friday night around 7:00 and the place was 3/4 empty.  Not sure if this is a harbinger of things to come, but after experiencing the restaurant, I understand the drop off, and hope that some changes can be made.  Here's the deal:  
- Atmosphere:  The place looks cool.  Can't argue with that.  It has a very warm, wooden, pub feel with couches, etc.  No complaints about the service.  Did think it was kind of funny that everyone working there looked like a hipster straight from the west coast, but I think that's what they're going for.
- The food:  This is honestly the main problem.  The food is an afterthought here.  And a pretentious afterthought at that.  If you want tasty pub fare, you're in the wrong place.  They have a burger, which is solid, but after that you're looking at a board topped with acorn squash, 'unique' cheese, pork cheeks, etc.  They have pulled pork on the menu, but wait it's vegan and made with mushrooms.  You can pay 20 bucks for some cauliflower crusted in sunflower seeds, but (and I may be in the minority here) that's not what I'm looking for at a brewpub, even a new-age brewpub like this.  The chef obviously knows what he's doing, but the menu is holding this place back from becoming a neighborhood favorite.  Bottom line, you can be exciting and unique while still putting out food people actually crave.
- The beer: I like a range of beers.  I'd probably consider myself a Pale Ale or IPA guy, but I'll definitely drink a Guinness or lager if the mood strikes.  I tried a few.  First, the porter--this was advertised as w/balsamic. Yep, it was a heavy salad dressing.  The next beer I tried had juniper and birch tree bark in it.  And those flavors shone through.  Then I had something lighter, which basically tasted like nothing.  Making beer is cool.  Making unique beer is cool.  It is, I'm sure, very exciting to announce a beer that has been infused with this or that wild ingredient, but at the end of the day the enterprise should still be about flavor and not about your innovative practices as a brewer.  This is lost here.
For what this place costs, we probably won't be back.Bar Hygge was a stellar experience. I was definitely impressed how the owners made it distinctly different from Earth Bread, it's sister restaurant. 
The interior is a thoughtful blend of modern and rustic finishes. Seating abounds, and the room on the left features a great, casual drinking room.
Their beer is brewed in house, and it is on point! I had the IPA and it easily compares to the gold standards you might have. From a local perspective, this spot by far out does Tired Hands and other micro breweries. HOWEVER, the cocktails left no lasting impression, despite their enticing descriptions. 
For food, we did several of the charcuterie plates. The options, ranging from meatballs to ceviche, were smashing additions to what you might traditionally expect. The Brussels sprouts stole the show for me. A great value for $29.
Only complaint would be the almost intentional move from the waiter to leave glasses, plates, etc on our small table. It doesn't make sense to leave empty beer glasses and dirty plates when they are no longer in use. Since we had 9 people, this got to be a little much.
Overall though, I can't wait to go back and enjoy more of their food and beer.Unique, fresh, delicious beer- inventive, outstanding food selection. Can not wait to go back.The service was atrocious. Our waiter was fishing for tips. He even told us how another table gave him a bad tip in order to guilt us into giving him a better tip. I find that completely insulting as someone that has worked in the business and never give less than 20%. The food was okay, the wings were horribly soggy and not even fully coated with batter, which made them oily. The same waiter that was fishing for tips didn't even put the full order in so we had to wait for a third burger to be made with two already in front of us. Then the horrible waiter didn't even take it off the bill. Maybe I would go back to sit at the bar, but I'd never eat at a table because I wouldn't want to have that waiter again.Came here after visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary, which is just a few blocks away.  Cozy place to warm up and have a few drinks.  The food was above the average bar fare.  We had the Fried Buttermilk Chicken Bites (watch out for the spicy peppers) and Hygee Fries - Hook'd Up (the smoked brisket is a bit fatty but the house whiz and crispy onions is amazing).  They only serve house-made draft beers which were fun to try since we were just visiting but would have enjoyed some standard beers as well.Had my birthday brunch here last Saturday morning and it was fantastic! They were very accommodating with my 8 party group and with the "call ahead" option we had no wait time at all. Our waitress was very attentive and nice. The food was awesome. We ordered the blueberry cornbread for the table and it was the perfect size to share for everyone. 
Everyone enjoyed their drink as well. I got the Seasonal Punch which was splendid. Light and refreshing. The rim of the glass had crushed herbs on it and it was awesome.
For my meal I ordered the 2 eggs any style which came with home fries & house toast ($10). I added a side of pork roll for $2 extra. If theres one dish that helps you judge a place's brunch menu it's this. It was awesome. the bread was fresh, eggs perfectly cooked, happy Ashley.
honestly, everyone at the table loved their food. This establishment also offers outdoor seating which I will be doing the next time I come and the weather is nicer! thanks again!Excellent bar setup. This place is decorated so great. Don't come here if you're looking to watch a game, there are no TVs. We came for brunch and it was really good. I got the breakfast sandwich which came with home fries. The waitress recommended a specialty drink the hotty toddy. Very good. The bartender makes all the mixers from scratch.We started with a round of drinks, after trying a perplexing cucumber and salmon sandwich brought out from the kitchen (which tasted mostly like cream cheese).  Our group of four ordered the sour ale, the house lager, and a (small) glass of the draft Pinot Gris ($10).  Both ales were underwhelming, with the sour ale lacking any sourness at all.  We then ordered one of the 3-choice boards - the duck with tarragon, the pickled cauliflower, and the goat cheese.  This was maybe the highlight, as at least everything on the board was tasty.  
We then ordered our main courses.  My wife had the Quinoa sliders.  For $14 for a non-meat slider, it came out with 2 small sandwiches that came without the advertised cheese.  $14.  I had the cauliflower that was crusted in sunflower seeds.  It seemed hastily thrown together, and the vegetables underneath it, along with the cauliflower, were dry in spots and overcooked in others.  Our friends split the wagyu beef, which they enjoyed and the sauce was good.  We ended the night with another round of beers, the Phoebe and the house lager.  The Phoebe was again underwhelming.
While a nice idea in theory, Bar Hygge seems more concerned with appearances than the proper execution of its menu.   An ambitious menu that falls flat on many fronts.I went to this restaurant based on the reviews. Food was decent; however service was biased. After ordering one drink I was asked to show ID. I did, no problem. Then waiter then returned to ask for my ID again. I gave him my ID a second time. When my guest arrived and ordered a drink, he did not ask for her ID. I asked management about their ID policy and they could not explain what happened. I will not visit or recommend this establishment again.Nice beers, everything I had was above average.  Their Perkuno's Hammer Baltic Porter was the standout. I had a burger with bacon and a fried egg on it, served with homemade home fries, all were also well above average. Several families were there dining with young children, everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. 
Slight negatives, the bartenders all seemed to be somewhat "robotic", not overly chatty, but not annoying in any way, and you have to deal with street parking, which sometimes can be a hassle, but overall, I'm nitpicking and it's a very cool place. Fellow beer snobs should like it.What's not to like?  The best food and best staff on Fairmount Avenue, together with delightful brewery products.  Dog-friendly sidewalk tables with awnings.  We come for dinner and weekend brunch.    Try the small-plate "boards," especially the pork speck, and the stonefruit or kale salads.This is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. The food is SO DAMN GOOD. Everything is fresh and thoughtfully prepared. The service is friendly and quick and the owners are always on the floor and treat everyone like family. They just changed their menu for spring and it truly FEELS like springtime in every bite! 
I'm drinking the Citra Lemon IPA right now and can't recommend that highly enough. You can't go wrong with any of the cocktails. Also definitely try the Stone Fruit salad. Dang, I love this place.Great addition to the neighborhood.  Love the option to mix and match with the boards.  Also appreciate the different beers on tap especially the "grinding groves" because it has such an interesting flavor.  Can't wait to see what is on deck from the Brewers.  Hoping that a sour beer could be up soon.I want to give this place 4 stars but I can't. We loved this place but the main dishes weren't that good. I had the buttermilk chicken bites.  I don't typically order chicken when I go out to eat but really wanted the fried pickles that I thought would come with it.  I didn't really understand why the pickles were fried with the chicken bites.  It was a clump of fried chicken thighs and pickles which meant that not all of the batter was fried/crispy. It was fully cooked though! I was just expecting the fried pickles to be fried pickle chips completely separate from the chicken.  My boyfriend had the burger and it was ok but overcooked. The boards were phenomenal though! When we come back we will probably just get the boards and dessert. Flourless chocolate cake is one of my favorite desserts and Bar Hygge's version of it was delicious!! My boyfriend loved the green tea donuts. Blackberry sangria was really refreshing and my boyfriend enjoyed their beers they brew on site.Great Family restaurant! We love their brunch better than dinner but great neighborhood joint and they are great with kids!! 
Brunch- cinnamon bun special was amazing as well as the poached eggs!Had a wonderful time here last night with my sister's and niece. The food was as good as the presentation! And the service was excellent. Out server Liz was so sweet and the owner came over to check on everything! That doesn't happen very often these days. The decor is very comfortable and tasteful. We will be back!! Thank you!!My experience here stated off pretty badly with an offensive menu featuring a "Border Wall Sandwich"  sad to also report that the food didn't help either. They like to call onion rings "crispy fried onions" instead of onion rings and my Pan Seared Skirt Steak was cold and salty. I wouldn't try this place again but if I found my self forced I'd just have beer for dinner.Really impressed. Went on a Saturday, mid afternoon for drinks and an early dinner with my wife and a friend. Lovely vibe, very cool and chill. The beers, all brewed on premises, were all excellent. Different sizes, no complaints at all from us. Service was friendly and attentive, and the menu switched up mid visit. There was a limited almost snack menu between lunch service and dinner starting. So we started with the hooked up frites, which were absolutely tremendous. Fries were yummy, smothered in house made smoked brisket, home made whiz, and thin onion rings. Really original, really different. As we snacked, the dinner service began at 4:30pm and we ordered again. We had one of the boards, a delicious combo where we got to choose the crispy brussels, some delicious cheese and really yummy pork rillettes. The breads were great as well. They were a new addition to the menu and I'm glad we snagged them. Both my wife and I ordered the pan seared skirt steak under the recommendation of our server - really well prepped and delicious. The entrees took a little while, and our server was super sweet and brought us over some more bread and another order of the brussels and cheeses because she felt bad. Very unnecessary but a lovely touch. We enjoyed everything immensely, and will absolutely be back. Awesome new spot.This is a nice little gastropub break from the heavy-hitting restaurants in Philly. We showed up late in the evening without a reservation, but we were able to get seated in the lounge-couch area. We got a hygge board of 5 different tapas, including octopus, fall terraine, mole mushroom mousee, mac and cheese and pork speck. For main meal, we shared the hygge fries, the fried buttermilk chicken bites, the mussels, and cauliflower. The mole mushroom was definitely my favorite, as it was the most unique presentation of mushroom I've had so far in Philly. The mac and cheese was quite forgettable, and the mussels were too few to comment effectively. The chicken bites were...well, the cheapest protein options and weren't bad, but also not remarkably mindblowing. The hygge fries were actually quite delicious, especially since I haven't had thick cut fries in some time. My wife got the seasonal punch, which had enough sugar to bankrupt a hospital's supply of insulin for the year.
Overall, I was glad that the establishment accommodated us by seating us on the lounge chairs, but the overall presentation and spin of the food made the entire event a forgettably expensive experience.
Service: 3 stars (they kept on forgetting our meal request)
Food: 3 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
Price: 3 starsThis is the kind of place you hope opens up in your neighborhood.  It has an interesting and thoughtful menu, it's family friendly, and it makes considerable effort connecting with the neighborhood.  We've been only a few times, and the owners remember us every time we walk in.  Fairmount has had some misses over the last few years (as well as a handful of notable hits), and it really needed a welcoming, warm, consistent, restaurant/pub that caters to the Fairmount baby boom (and everyone else).
They also just recently stepped up their desserts.  Don't pass them up if you have any room in your belly after dinner.contrary to what i said before, i realized it's really good food and not so stellar beer. I realized the actual dishes (not the small plates) are great, but the beers just feel a bit meh... but still great service and friendly atmosphere.This place is excellent.  The food, service and ambience is 5 star.  The Reuben Duck Wings and Pan Seared Skirt Steak were excellent.  Definitely visiting again.With an ideal location and inviting space, I wish I could like Bar Hygge.  The menu doesn't reveal any tempting dishes and the small plates are surprisingly expensive.  I spent $25 on appetizers that fell flat and were more pretty than satisfying.  The bar has a wide selection, so I assume that is their strength.  But I think they will have to improve their kitchen if they hope to be a neighborhood retreat.Amazing service, food, drinks, and beer . They brew all their own in house beer. Our waitress was super sweet and they allow dogs to sit and join you while you eat at their outdoor seating tables, and they bring them fresh clean water bowls too . Their cheese boards are hugeeee the 3 item pick is enough for 2 people . I don't even think we got through it all. We had to take our burgers home without even taking a bite. We will deff come back here.Super cozy! Love how you can pick and choose multiple items for boards. Limited menu but decent food.I don't get some of the mediocre reviews. I am a super food and beer snob and I absolutely love this place. Beer is amazing, fresh and original! Some of the food is hit and miss but the vegetable boards are high-end quality restaurant at very reasonable prices. This is place is a gem!Awesome ambiance and beers. Just wish we lived closer so we could be regulars! Highly recommend just dropping in for great beers / drinks or doing a full on dinner ...A little pricy, but really good cocktails and cheese boards. It's a relaxed vibe but definitely cool enough to bring a date.Cool spot. Great beer on tap with a varied menu including small plates along with burgers and other interesting dishes. Highly recommended. Great HH spot from 5-6:30! Very reasonable prices with a friendly staff.Yesterday we drank and ate a bunch of things. In fact we had excellent service, a nice table and gastro pub food. The owners were on board, and quite helpful. As a Resturant it was hectic loud and friendly.
Two burger dishes, a Brussels dish, lentil salad, ice burg salad. A special little treat at the beginning. We drank, grinding grooves,ripsnorter, a light orange style, a Belgium sour and a local Chamberg wheat. It was nice to savor their own inspirational beers with other beer producers. The home brews compared with Tired Hands and Forest & Main were more comercial and not special . To predictable there was no wow factor. It tasted  much like a hipper Yards with well prepared food In the Fairmount section. it is a welcome new addition.Bar Hygee has an industrial meets brew pub vibe. It is welcoming and relaxed. We visited on a warm July Sunday night and were seated without a wait. 
We ordered the Hygge board with a choice of 5 items. We chose three proteins, one vegetarian and one cheese option. Everything was excellent and unique from the octopus to the chicken confit and the blue velvet goat cheese. We also ordered the muscles and kale salad. The muscles were in a very tasty beer broth with leeks. The kale salad included roasted golden beats which I really liked. I am not a huge beet fan but these were very good. We had a couple of beers with our food and these were also quite nice and reasonably priced.
For dessert we chose this blackberry-rhubarb tart thing with pistachio gelato. This was also excellent and not overly sweet. 
We really liked our meal at Bar Hygee and I am looking forward to going back and trying their brunch. Service was very good our whole time and our food came out pleasantly quick.
4 solid Yelp starsBrunch here was awesome! I got the monte cristo waffle strata - never ever had a dish like this before and it was delicious!  Who would have known turkey, prosciutto, gruyere cheese, maple dijon mustard, and seasonal jam all go together so well.  My husband got the burger and he raved about it.  
We came here before visiting the eastern state penitentiary.  Great spot to grab beer and some great food before seeing all the Philly spots.After some initial bad experiences with this place, I have really come to enjoy Bar Hygge. It has become a favorite part of going to yoga at Yoga Habit and then Hygge for dinner/drinks afterwards. 
They finally have a happy hour but it is just okay in my opinion. Not much to it or variety but at last they had a food option with it. I like their food boards (3 for $18, 5 for $28) and cocktail list. One day we were at the bar and got truffle popcorn to snack on. I think I ate ungodly amounts of that....reediculous. I don't drink much beer but it looks like they have a good selection. Love the variety of seating, too. Cool for a couple of people of larger groups.Pretty cool new bar opening up in Fairmount! Came here with some lady friends for happy hr and was pleased with some things and not for others.
Happy Things:
1) Waffle wings, all the cheeses we got, morrocan sweet potatoes, duck, the loaded fries (can't remember what they were called) 
2) The wait staff was INCREDIBLY attentive. And I mean it. I'd say every 5 - 10 minutes our waters were refilled and someone asked if we needed anything. Sometimes two people came within a minute of eachother. 
3) Such a cool ambience! Loved the decoration in there
Sad, but also kinda happy Things:
1) No happy hr
2) Their house made beers are pretty good, but most are miss than hit. The hit ones, however, they hit spot on. I tried the balsamic porter (no taste of balsamic, but damn a tasty porter). And I tried another one that was close to the top of their house brew, which was a lager and delicious. 
3) VERY expensive (at least for a gal making an average salary, but $14 for mac and cheese? No thanks..)
Overall, I'm glad I experienced it, but may not go there for a whileGreat atmosphere, friendly staff and delicious bites. Loved the cheeseburger! I don't drink beer or wine but they had pretty good cocktails.I really like this place.. The atmosphere is really cool and the food is great and high end for a bar..the first time I came here they had a smoked beer I loved so much and it hasn't been on the menu since. I really hope they bring it back..they do have a great beer selection. Nothing that wows you but really good. If your looking for a nice atmosphere w great foods and drinks w outdoor seating then def come here!Great vibe, a little pricy for regular dinner, but great place if you are looking for a weekend hang-out dinner. The menu is not bad, still feel like it's in the trail now. Dessert-bread pudding! Board-Brussel and squash!My group of 6 got here at 6:30 on a Friday and it was half full. By the time we left at 8ish it was packed!! Bar Hygee is in the ESP/Spring Garden area off Cowahill. 
The food we had was great but honestly it's a weird menu. Half of us got the burger, the other half got the pulled pork. We also tried the chicken app and squid ink pasta.
The desserts were good. My first tasty cake experience! Mixed drinks and beers were delicious. Apparently they make their own beer which is pretty cool. They also have growlers.
It was a cool experience but I wouldn't be a regular."Hoo-guh"
Techne Brewing brews on-site - the house beers were good and reasonably priced ($6 for a full serving whether pint or tulip depending on the brew). Definitely true microbrew style - not the best beers in the world, but all had something creative going-on - nothing ordinary out of the few that I tried. My favorite was the IZZI Brown Ale.
For food, I got one of the "boards" - the mix-and-match nature of the board items is pretty cool and goes well beyond typical cheese and charcuterie. I was dining solo and I got a three-item board - the portions were generous and it was more than enough for dinner. In particular, the Crispy Brussels were great.
There's nothing else quite like it on Fairmount Ave. at the moment. Out of the places I've visited in the neighborhood, it reminded me of Alla Spina in some ways, in terms of the extent of the menu (lots of "small plates" via the "boards", and a few larger dinner items), and the atmosphere in general - a upscale but still casual and comfortable with some rustic touches.
No TVs at the bar, which I suppose is part of their desired ambiance, but practically speaking, I'm sure they'll be missed on game days. Also, there is a single unisex bathroom on the main floor - the men's and women's rooms are remotely located in the basement - it wasn't an issue for happy hour, but I could see it seeming a bit inconvenient if posted-up there for a few hours on a weekend night.Very fatty food without the flavor to justify the stomach ache. Lighter vegetarian options were bland or just strange combinations that really didn't work together. Also, far too expensive for the quality/quantity. 
Our "board" had the pork belly (pretty dry), squash (weirdly paired with tomato sauce), and Brussels sprouts (nicely crispy, but swimming in grease). We also got the fried chicken bites (pretty good, but nothing to cut the grease except the greasy dipping sauces). The in-house bread was either stale or insufficiently toasted. 
Might be worth checking out again in a year or two, but at the moment this place doesn't live up to its pretense.We have lived in this area of Fairmount for a few years, and were very excited to hear about this place opening up.
It did not disappoint!
The food was truly fantastic and the beer was delicious as well.
Highly recommend!This was a great place. The service was quick and attentive. The food was really good and fresh tasting. I had the burger with an egg and it was great. I also had a beer "a man walks into a bar" it was so good. Love this place and the atmosphere!!They make their own beer here - it's affordable and really good. I had the Sourdough (sour ale, rye, Caraway) and it was awesome. Tasted a lil like an everything bagel...too cool. Definitely would recommendGreat neighborhood spot. I love the perfectly crafted beers and cocktails. The food is great too, but a little pricey!The vienna lager was pretty good, not my favorite, but definitely drinkable. The golden saison as pretty good as well.  Nothing really knocked my socks off for the beer, but I would drink it again if I was in the area. 
Grass-fed beef burger was tasty, even if it was a bit of a mess.  Cheddar, red onion sauce, mayo, and egg on mine.  I needed a couple of napkins to finish this sandwich off.  The fries were pretty good, and tasted even better when covered in egg from the sandwich.  
I liked the small sitting space to the left of the door.  It looked inviting and a nice place to hang out for a while.  
Staff was friendly and quick with service.I hope it continues, and I think it will... within their opening week they're firing on all cylinders: excellent service, excellent food, excellent beers and great atmosphere. As far as brewpubs go, with the exception of Earth Bread + Brewery in Mt. Airy I can't think of one in the area that I'd rather visit.We went at 1:30 for brunch on a Saturday and didn't have a wait. Our waitress was great and I had a hard time making a decision so she recommended the eggs Benedict which was delicious. It was very filling too. My boyfriend got the burger, he really enjoyed it although maybe the bun was a little heavy. We split the Dutch pancake and it was so so good! Sweet, crunchy exterior and soft inside. We will definitely be back to try the other brunch items!Was there last night for my buddy's birthday celebration. Food and service was awesome! Special thanks to Elizabeth for remembering everyone's name and their drink. Oh, and I was never thirsty!We live almost across the street and been here dozens of times- 
We love it here- Great apps- and drinks and ambiance-
The only complaint I guess is that sometimes the wait to get food can sometimes be longer than usual, and sometimes its also a tad bit too cold- Otherwise a fun nice sozy spot-This place has such a great atmosphere. Was driving around looking for a place to eat and stumbled upon here. The hostess was so friendly and was very accommodating to us. Our waiter was also very friendly and helpful when we were deciding on which beer we wanted. We started off with the fried buttermilk chicken bites which were amazing. Then had the grass fed beef burger with egg and bacon. The burger was cooked perfect and tasted amazing as well. Overall fantastic experience. Can't wait to go again.i met up with a friend here for happy hour. not knowing what the parking situation would be, i was hesitant whether to drive or take public trans or uber. well, i ended up driving straight there after work and after driving maybe two or three times around the block, i found one maybe a block away. it was free too so that was cool.
when i walked in, i was greeted by a friendly hostess. they have a nice bar and cute little intimate loungey area. not knowing whether my friend wanted to sit at the bar or at a table, i just waited at the front. we ended up asking for a table and got a really large roomy booth. also, cool. 
they have really cute and clever beer names and i believe they're all brewed there. i ended up having the portmandeau that was delicious. my friend had the ripsnorter, also very good. we each did a three item board where you choose from a menu of proteins, cheeses, and other snacks. i got the charred octopus, fried mac and cheese bites, and a smoky type of cheese. all very good. it also comes with some bread, a citrusy herby butter, and lovely jam. everything was very delicious. 
we both had plans after happy hour and had to rush out of there after but next time, i'd like to stay a little longer and enjoy more on their menu. 
oh, of course i have to also throw this in at the end...service was phenomenal. our server was informed, polite, and we were checked on several times from several different employees. they got super busy when we were leaving, so they were probably happy to get that large booth back lol. anyways, i'll for sure go back.Loved the food.  My husband enjoyed sampling their wide range of beers.  Our cheese/vegetable board was delicious.  I had the beet salad and added the duck confit (leg) which was exceptionally flavorful and crispy on the outside.  Service was friendly, prompt and professional. 
The atmosphere was fairly lively and loud so it might not be the place for a quiet conversation.
I would return.Pure awesomeness. Waiter was incredibly helpful in explaining all the beers. Apparently they never brew the same beer twice. If you're not feeling their in-house brews they have a decent list of other beers. Brussels sprouts were AMAZING.Meh.... we've been here several times and have had okay food. But today shall solidify us not returning. The "board" should focus on cheeses and meats. Like who wants corn pudding on thier board? They should focus more on putting better options into their appetizers and entrées versus having 15 Options for the board.  4 entrees and 3 sandwiches was beyond underwhelming.  $28 for a pork chop? Ummm no. My grilled peach salad was so bland: No flavor AT ALL. The whipped ricotta was far from whipped. It had the consistency of thinly grated Parmesan. My great "grilled peaches" were bite sized, hard, and bitter.  I was so disappointed. The plating was also subpar. The macaroni and cheese bites were the only winner. I would order those again.Very cool vibe in here with a nice selection of drinks you won't find at many bars in the area. They also have wine on tap, which is a plus also.
I was a little apprehensive about the food when looking at the menu at happy hour, but their boards are all really good. Give it a try because it tastes great and you can tell it's fresh. 
I've seen it fill up on Friday and Saturday nights. While crowded bars aren't usually my scene, very nice and laid-back happy hour."Are you ready for another round?"
"Hmm, yeah. I'm trying to find one I haven't tried yet."
"You've had them all, actually."
Now that I've powered through Hygge's entire beer list (and a chunk of their board selections...) during the span of three recent visits, I feel like it's safe to profess my love.
Bar Hygge is a superb addition to the city's brew scene, but more importantly, a huge advancement for Francisville. It's so exciting to have more activity in the neighborhood and to have them right down the street. They've filled Flying Carpet's void and added much more.
Prepare to walk into a warm, inviting and simple space. There are no TVs. One room has a splattering of chairs, couches and tables, like a communal living room. Then there's the bar area -- they have hooks! -- and a regular dining room with tables and wraparound booths. There's a single-stall toilet upstairs, but if that's occupied or if you want extra privacy, head downstairs to their super awesome, clean stalls.
As for the beer? They currently have six in-house brews via Brewery Techne and four guests from the likes of Alesmith, PBC, Half Acre, and Cigar City.
From the Techne choices, Alchemy, a Baltic porter, is my running favorite. I'd also have to recommend the Exaggerator, their brand new doppelbock. Fingerprint, a pale, is sure to be a crowd pleaser. Very easy drinking -- would be great in the warmer months.
Hygge also seems to have a thing going for the smokes. If you like bacon undertones in your brew, go for the Grinding Grooves or Doon the Watter. Also be sure to check out the ever-funky Izzy brown ale. It's a nice getaway from your typical brown without being too weird.
If you're not into the suds, you're also in luck. Hygge also has a bunch of wines and cocktails available. I haven't had any of them yet, so I can't speak to their quality.
Moving on to food! I love that they give you a little complimentary sample before your food arrives. It definitely amps up the anticipation and lets you try something totally new, like a spicy?? starfruit.
Boards are a little pricy, but they could also act as your dinner. Pick one, three or five. I prefer picking three for a solo binge. The boards generally come with bread, jams or mustards mixed in. I've had both cheddars (the porter cheddar is phenomenal!), as well as their brie, bacon (3 times...), and beef.
Their bacon is a must-try, as is the beef. One of our super nice bartenders let me know that their head chef was previously employed by DiBruno Bros, which has certainly benefitted this establishment!
Full meals are also an option. I once ordered the big-kid grilled cheese with healthy veggies in it (like cauliflower and kale), but I had to box the whole thing because the board filled me up!
It's also necessary to give a serious shout-out to the staff here. They have been incredible! Each time I've stopped in, they've all been crazy-nice, knowledgeable about the menu items, and efficient despite the incessant crowds. They even worked with our group as we tried to figure out our final headcount during a busy weekend evening.
I'm likely moving from the neighborhood in a few months, which now bums me out. But near or far, Bar Hygge excels at what they do. They should become a destination spot for beer drinkers everywhere.
Good luck, guys! See you again soon.Delicious! Worth the wait (45min, good service though, got a drink while waiting). Shared a 3item board with Brussels (incredible! A must try), very nice goat cheese, and slab bacon. My date had the salmon and I had the vegan sliders - both were excellent. Nice ambiance, lively. Good service. Nice drink selection.Decided to give this a second chance. The food was still atrocious. Plus it took 40 minutes for a single salad and order of fries. Fries were soggy and bland even though they were "loaded". The duck confit that was on the salad was a sad attempt at confit. Another soggy mess... At least our waiter wasn't fishing for tips this time. But then we were told a round of drinks would be taken off the bill because we waited so long for our simple order. It wasn't and we had to deal with that. It's a shame this place doesn't have better food because the beer and cocktails are simply unbelievable. They need to step up their game soon. But even if they did I am not giving it another chance for anything other than drinks.Great and inventive menu. Delicious. Cocktails were spectacular. Committed to sustainable practices. It's a gem.Great place to eat, drink and talk.  So many options for the space.  A cool and funky living room setting, bar, cafe, banquets, outside seating - which is fully available from April - Nov, (December with the side benefits of Climate Change).  
Music is not too loud - I'm Thinking S Starr and shouting across the table to your companions.
Food is great from their boards (a meal in of itself) to their entrees.   Menu is always changing, always original, as is their beer. 
Not a five Star restaurant but a great place with a four Star experience.Fantastic place. The food and fresh brewed beers are exceptional. We have been here twice, first time was great, this time better. They just have it, menu, food, drink and service and great ambiance. We live in the neighborhood, so it is really cool to have what we think is an exceptional bar/brewery/ restaurant in the area. We will certainly be regulars if it holds the course and all that work there are very nice and fun to deal with. A real 5 star!!5 star vibe - the decorations and feel make it unique. Wall and light fixtures made of old barrels, neat windows looking into the brewery section. No tvs which is welcome from time to time. All about cultivating that cozy hygge feeling.
5 star beers - constantly rotating in new offerings as soon as one kicks. I think I've had them all at this point (dozens). A couple of the pale ales fall flat for me but the rest make up for it. Brother's keeper is probably my favorite.
5 star people - the four owners are all awesome, as are the staff
4 star food - as some other people who have been here multiple times have stated, the food is good but perhaps a little overpriced. Bacon and steak buns are delish.
Add in their new happy hour and brunch offerings and it's my favorite place in the city.We decided to give this local bar a shot this afternoon & boy are we happy we did! Their brunch menu was so unique and we tried he Hygge Homefries & Waffle Monte Cristo. Both were absolutely AMAZING! The homefries were everything you would ever want in a comforting bite. Potatoes, cheese, bacon, crema, avocado and a poached egg! And the Monte Cristo was oh so savory sweet! I tied it all together with their housemade Bloody Mary! We will definitely be back!Love this place.  Great beer and food.  Amazing ambiance.  Great addition to the neighborhood.  It can be a bit crowded and difficult to get a seat at times.Our go to neighborhood restaurant! Service is always fantastic and the food is never disappointing. Hopefully as time goes by they will expand their entree selections (if you haven't tried the duck wings, you need to!)Great place for dinner, drinks, happy hour, or brunch.  The beers are on point and sometimes experimental; the boards are great and always feature local cheese; cinnamon rolls are amazing and decadent; staff are helpful and knowledgeable.  The boards are my favorite dinner option, but the salads and jerk tofu lettuce wraps are good healthy alternatives.  The menu changes frequently, so i haven't gotten tired of Hygge yet.This place looks lovely! That is until your server slops down to your table 10minutes after you get seated and asks what you want to drink. (Wasn't busy) 
He is either over worked or doesn't want to be here. 
It was kind of funny so honestly his service was not a big deal. 
Sitting in a both by the window and the amount of flys around us is so distracting! Flys fell into our wine and were buzzing around us. I think it's the dead plants they keep by the booths. Anyway we switched seats. 
Chicken bites were very delicious, duck wings had hardly any meat and weren't too bad, wouldn't order it again.
The cheese board was pretty pathetic but that's because we didn't realize you had the choice of ordering one, three or five cheeses. Of course our "amazing" server did not advise of that!! Two thin slices of cheese was what we got, worst $7 I ever spent. 
We decided to not order one more thing and leave. Came for dinner left only having app's 
Sorry,  please up the service! Chicken bites were very good tho...Always impressed with this place. The staff is top notch. The bartenders make the signature cocktails with love. And their knowledge of the ever rotating (amazing) beers is impeccable. This place is my go to for a 'treat yo self' night.Great new brewpub!! Very delicious food and great beers ! Very quick service as well which is a plus.