Wen't here on a date last night, the atmosphere was nice, we really liked the look of the bar area. We had a reservation and had hoped to sit outside, but when we got there we were told no outside seating was available even though I requested it. The food was good, but nothing spectacular, worth a visit if you are in the area but not a special trip.I like the atmosphere on this place. It's busy during the weekend. Gotta reserve ahead of time.
The bar tender made me something special and I really liked it. I'm a whiskey lover so I asked for something simple like whiskey w/ muddled fruits. It was very tasty!
The good is server tapas style. You can find meats, fish and options for Vegetarians and Vegans.Wonderful to eat here after visiting Spain and learning a little bit about "real" tapas and raciones. the choices here are varied and extremely well prepared with many interesting ingredients(lobster roe!). One caveat- some of the raciones were just tapa sized, the higher price reflecting the ingredient, duck, for example. Great space with interesting tile mosaics, service was impeccable.I love this place. The red sangria is just perfection, and the baked goat cheese is delicious. We always have great service as well, an amazing place for dinner and drinks.I really like this place.  They have a terrific wine selection, really good food and an interesting/cool decor.  My only drawbacks are that it can be noisy, but I am eating in public so big whoop, and it can be pricey for what you get.  Still, I don't mind paying it, because the food is really good; I just don't go there as often as I'd like.Five New Yorkers rolled down to Philly to visit a friend for the weekend and had a truly terrific gastronomic weekend.  The dinner at Bar Ferdinand was especially notable... not only because we ordered nearly everything on the menu, and duplicates of a handful of them.  No, our sideshow worthy prowess at putting food away aside, the food was FANTASTIC.  Having tasted nearly everything on the menu (seriously), the six of us agreed that the DÁTILES CON TOCINO empanadas (dates, bacon, cream cheese, honey, almonds) were our favorite.  Our second favorite was the CARNE A LA PARILLA (grilled skirt steak, lightly fried organic egg, truffle) which was also fantastic. But honestly, there wasn't a dish we DIDN'T like.  Really great meal.  Well done, Philly. Well done.I love this place.  It's my favorite spot to go out with one friend as you can just share a bunch of tapas (It may be a bit cramped for large parties to really partake in the tapas sharing experience.)  I've had just about everything on the menu and it's all good, but I try to stay away from anything that doesnt have cheese or some kind of animal in it because it can come out tasting a bit bland or just like olive oil.  My favorite dishes are the skewers with machengo cheese, apple foam, and walnut butter, the salad with grilled octopus (which was not the least bit rubbery), and the empanadas with dates, cream cheesse, and honey which I usually save for dessert.  
If you are looking for a full stick to your ribs meal, you may want to go elseware as that's not really what the fare here is meant for.  It's meant to taste a variety of flavors.  Usually when I plan on going to Bar Ferdinand I will cook a simple dinner at home and then hit this place up for tapas (read - drunk snacks) and sangria, and finish up with a sherry.  Service has been impersonal, but attentive.  REservations (made online) have always been kept.Stopped on a Sunday brunch and had the egg omelet with asparagus and crab, excellent. The $3 bloodiest and mimosa's are a nice plus. Server was attentive and was what we were looking for. A+Had the Tosta de Yema, and the Cana de Cabre = $18. The Tosta de Yema was an overpriced slice of grilled cheese, but the cana de cabre was pretty good. It was goat cheese with honey on top. Since this is a tapas place, they get a license to rip you off and you will leave hungry unless you spend $50. The service was good except for when the waiter threw a tantrum when we asked for separate checks (which we asked for before ordering).
Food Quality/Taste =  4 Star
Portion Size Given Price = 1 Star
Price = 1 Stars
Service = 4 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 4 StarsGreat Saturday Brunch!  My mom, two girlfriends and I came across a fairly empty restaurant at 3 pm on the Saturday of the nearby Art for the Cash Poor show at the Crane Building.  They were still serving Brunch and it was absolutely delightful.  We all enjoyed the pastries - goat cheese and fig was a winner as we're the churros.  My mother loved her poached egg over and unusual hash.  My husband who is terribly picky loved the Spanish version of French toast I brought home just for him.  We can't wait to go back, and I cannot understand why the restaurant was so quiet when we arrived.So, the dishes are hit or miss... Stick to the fig and goat cheese empanadas, almonds with sea salt, fried manchango, simple stuff... Good place for starters and Cava. Service is standard.The service was excellent. I called ahead for my girlfriend's birthday and they gave us a complimentary dessert as a surprise to herHad restaurant week dinner here with a friend. We sat outside because there were no tables eating inside. We had to ask if they were doing restaurant week in order to see the menu. We had the chickpea Fritas, mushroom and goat cheese flatbread, pan seared gnocchi, and chicken thigh. The food was good. All Spanish tapas style. Restaurant is very nice inside and service was friendly. They had a nice drink menu too.I have been to Bar Ferdinand a few times and have always enjoyed the meal.  Great ambiance and quiet.  Went with a party of 4 and ate well.  Sometimes I leave these places hungary, but we ordered well.  The final bill for 4 of us was over $300.00 but not bad I guess considering we ate well and drank well.  I would frequent again.Nice change of pace for big groups; the chef's  tasting menu is a lot of fun in that you get to sample flavors you may not choose off the standard menu. They're great about customizing the tasting menu based on dieters' restrictions. Love Amada, but Bar Ferdinand  is a solid tapas place (and it is much easier on your wallet).Bar Ferindand! What a fantastic place! Came here to have dinner with my friends a few weeks back on a trip from Boston. 
The atmosphere was bustling and exciting, the decorations were exquisite but the food here was out of this world!
Highly recommends:
- Manchego Frito: who knew that apple foam could be so intoxicating!?
- Patatas Bravas: perfectly seasoned and fried potatoes on top of a tomatoe base with an excellent drizzle of a mayo sauce.
- Their Crab Croqueta: lightly breaded crab cakes on on top of a savory lime sauce.
- The Chicken Liver skewers with a sauteed onion and bacon salad, a delicious choice for an adventurer willing to try something different, a bit gamey but none the less a delicious treat.
- Their Roasted Duck Breast sliders, succulent slices of duck breast with a delicious blue cheese sauce.
They also serve up some out of this world churros with a delicious dark chocolate dipping sauce. Yum!
Service was really friendly and we were greeted with a smile, cracked a few jokes here and there and really make the place inviting for us.
First time here and I'm really a big fan of this establishment, really looking forward to come back on my next trip in Philly! Way to go Bar Ferdinand!This would be a great date night spot.  I visited with a large party (11 people) and while we had a nice meal, I do think this spot is more of a small party type of place.
We inquired about a tasting menu (they don't offer one) but we were able to figure out a way to make tapas work for 11 people anyway.  There were a number of dishes that I tried and there wasn't a dish that I didn't like.  I will say, however, that I also wasn't really blown away by any one dish.  A couple of the highlights were the grilled octopus and the garlic shrimp, while the lobster deviled egg (it wasn't a deviled egg- it was a hardboiled egg puree that they served to be eaten with a fork.  weird) and the patatas bravas (tasted like home fries you'd get at a diner) were misses.
Service was just ok.  I sat there with an empty glass of water for a while and they kept bringing our table the wrong food.  It was annoying to keep having to be like "Hey, did anyone order this dish?  No... ?  Ummm.. ok".  Also, the waitress didn't really try to help accommodate our group in terms of offering suggestions on how to order to share.  Not that it was her fault--- we were the ones who rolled in with a big group-- but it should be taken into consideration if you are planning to come with a large party that Amada's prix fixe tasting menu may be a better option if you are in the mood for tapas in Philly.  
Speaking of Amada, I would say that I like the food and service at Amada better, but the atmosphere at Bar Ferdinand is a little more laid back and romantic (and the prices are more reasonable).  Don't come here expecting amazing food, but it would make a great spot to grab a few drinks and a few tapas with your sweetheart.We went to Bar Ferdinand as a recommendation from a co-worker. Our server was Jill (fabulous and enthusiastic) who gave us her personal choices which were spot-on. In fact, the entire service experience was terrific! For me, that's huge. The food was excellent and lots of cool tastes pop in your mouth. As others said, it's a tapas place so go in knowing you may still be a little hungry and the plates add up. Try the basked goat cheese with sage and a honey drizzle. I'm still dreaming.Love, love this restaurant. Beautiful place, gracious waiters. The food is excellent - highly recommend the Paella. One of Philadelphia's best restaurants.OH they have such tasty tapas here. A few of the items (if I were to go back) I will have to let them know to cook well done (i.e kabobs, duck hearts). I was with a group and we ordered several items..some were fails but overall they were tasty and interesting
What was disappointing was the sangria.We got the red AND white and they both left much to be desired. Not sure if it was just the bartender that day but we were disappointed with it.I have been going to Bar Ferdinand for awhile now and I must say that it is and has been nothing but exceptional. The food is inventive and continuously evolving, the ingredients are top notch, and the wine list keeps me entertained. 
My suggestion is to sit at the bar and order from the chef's specials page. I promise you won't be disappointed.I don't know why it's taken me so long to come to Bar Ferdinand since I am constantly at the Piazza.  I think it feels a little too fancy for my mood when I'm there. Luckily I was catching up with a girl friend that I hadn't seen for a while, so we decided on this spot. Lucky for us, sangria was plentiful and the food was absolutely delicious. 
We started out with oysters, beet salad, and octopus for our appetizers. The oysters we could have done without since it's not their specialty. (We were just craving because it was nice and summery out.) The octopus had a great char on it, which we loved but others could be not thrilled about. It went so well with the salsa verde plated with it. 
For entrees, we shared the mushroom flatbread and crispy pork belly. My friend heard rave reviews about the flatbread alone, so we couldn't skip the opportunity. Thank goodness. The dough is done right. I hate places that have super thin, crispy flatbread. You won't find that here. The crispy pork belly was slightly dry (as it often can be) but a little sherry sauce at the bottom more than made up for that. 
Now I can eat, so I'm willing to pay top dollar for good food. But I was only a little full when I left Bar Ferdinand though our bill would say otherwise. We each ended up spending over $70 for dinner and drinks. As much as I love it here, that will deter me from coming back as often as I'd like.Six of us ordered one or more of most of the tapas and all were delicious.  The service was helpful and the pacing was excellent.  We have to accept that most places these days will serve draft beer in quantities that vary with the alcoholic content, but the purveyors should state the ounces on the menu.  Some do and some, including Bar Ferdinand, do not.Although Bar Ferdinand is between two and three stars, I couldn't in good conscience give it three stars.  It just isn't there.  SO, I went to Bar Ferdinand for the first time last night because the surrounding restaurants all had a wait.  The ambiance is very nice and the place was not even half full so it was relatively quiet.  Without taking a look at the drink menu, I ordered a glass of chardonnay (staple) which, it turns out, they did not have.  Ok, so I told the waiter to surprise me.  Well he sure did, with a $12 glass of wine that he didn't bother telling me what it was.  Right.  My boyfriend ordered two beers:  a Walt Wit and Sierra Nevada's Celebration, which have a 4.2% abv and 6.8% abv respectively.  Both beers were $6 and put in a small snifter-type glass, which is usually reserved for high alcohol content beers.  Basically, you get half the beer for the full price.  
For dinner, we ordered the following:
Almond Crusted Eggplant:  $6, and you get three slim slices of eggplant (about the size of a roll of dimes) on a honey drizzled plate.  That's $2 per eggplant piece.  Seriously?  
Charred and Marinated Veggies w/ Goat Cheese Bread:  $10, Basically roasted veggies from the supermarket hot bar with 4 bruschetta style bread pieces.  Completely forgettable.
Scallops with Butternut Squash and Chorizo Vinaigrette: $16, three sizable scallops.  They were tasty BUT my life is not changed.
Seared Duck Breast with Dried Figs and Pistachios: $15, tasty but.... I'm still hungry.
New York Strip Steak with Organic Fried Egg and Truffles: $16, can you say it has truffles when it has two MINISCULE pieces of a truffle as garnish? 
Listen, if you love tapas, go to Chifa.  Not only will you get much more food for your money, but it tastes better and will leave a lasting memory.  I spent over $100 (with tip) here and was hungry again in two hours.  This place costs an arm and a leg for very forgettable food.  Even the bathroom wasn't that clean.I ate here after a huge lunch during a concert in the Piazza. The music piping in from the square was at a perfect volume for background noise, which totally added to the already good ambiance Bar Ferdinand exudes.
We weren't very hungry and tapas was the best choice, because we all got dishes just big enough for us. A friend ordered toasted almonds (yum!), which came in a tiny adorable skillet, the other ordered the chicken (which was a sizable chunk for tapas), and I ordered the branzino. We also ordered the churros, which came with chocolate on the side in a little teacup.
The branzino was perfectly cooked, with just enough char on the outside to add a good crust. The salad underneath was yummy (tomatoes and cilantro, anyone?), too. The churros were also tasty, with just enough chewiness to be really authentic. And of course I practically licked the extra chocolate out of the teacup.
The server was really friendly and helpful as well. I definitely recommend this place as a tapas bar.After experiencing amazing Spanish Tapas at Amada several times, I thought to give this place a try, considering it is very close to my house. I had heard mixed reviews, but was still itching to give it a try. I found it mediocre at best. The dishes weren't bursting with flavor, and were quite basic. Additionally, the drinks were watered down and our waiter was just OK. If I had to visit this place again, I would go again, but reluctantly, it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't great either.My experience with eggs at a restaurant tends to be a greasy, overdone mess--omelette, sunny side up, benedict, whatever--way too oily and bland. Definitely NOT so at Bar Ferdinand. 
We came here for a Sunday brunch and were not disappointed at all. The scrambled eggs were probably the BEST we've ever had at a a restaurant. Not to mention, the pulpo (octopus), olives and sardines (part of the cold tapas), and the shrimp sandwich we got were just perfect. The octopus is a bit steeper, but you WON'T regret it; the texture, temperature, and flavor was among the best I've ever had.
Considering that the house wine was the cheapest drink on the menu, it was extremely delicious, and I'll definitely stock up on it at home. Terrum pinot noir, for those who are taking notes.
Oh god, their Bloody Mary and carajillo (espresso with anise liqueur. THIS is what I recommend for caffeine addicts) gave us just the kickstart we needed to run errands on a dreary Sunday afternoon. Yup, nothing beats cocktails and wine on a Sunday afternoon.
Slightly slow service, but quite friendly, and the quality of food more than made up for it. I'd come back for happy hour.The food is perfectly executed!  So flavorful and creative.  Loved the manchengo skewers, chicken sandwich, stuffed dates, and green salad with fried artichoke hearts.  The only thing we didn't love was the chicken empanada.  I will be back for sure!I went here on a Sunday (3/13/11) for lunch (brunch) with three other people - since it was still cold the windows were all closed and the place felt a little small, I would like to go back in the warmer weather. Still the décor was nice and it wasn't crowded at all. The noise level was still high because of the music though. 
Between four of us we ordered 5 tapas and two sandwiches to split. Started off with the SURTIDO DE CARNES (Sliced Serrano ham, chorizos, cured pork loin) and PLATO DE QUESO (Assorted cheese plate, quince paste, olive tapenade, sangría jelly, candied Marcona almonds). The amount served looked small, but it went a VERY long way, we even had to ask for more bread to go around for our cheeses/meats. My favorite was the olive tapenade. 
Next we had Jamon croquettes which were delicious, but there were only 3 and there were four of us. Then came the PATATAS BRAVAS (Fried potato, spicy tomato sauce, aioli), a house specialty, and they were really wonderful! Basically bite sized fried potatoes chunks with a cheese sauce, very tasty, very garlicy. A really big serving size too!
The two sandwiches were also good, very flavorful, and I even like the veggie one despite my distaste for mushrooms and onions: PECHUGA DE POLLO AHUMADO (Seared chicken breast, San Simon cheese, chorizo bacon, swiss chard, smoked paprika aioli), VEGETARIANO (Wild mushroom, caramelized onion, sautéed spinach, Manchego cheese).
The last little flourish of a tapa was the CHORIZO AL VINO which was right on the money, very flavorful almost caramelized strips of chorizo in delicious sauce. However when you see the portion you might laugh. At this point we were all full so it was enough to taste.
All-in-all it was a nice lunch and we had more than enough food for the four of us. The presentation of the food was well done, everything was good, and the bill was very reasonable considering all that we ordered including drinks. I would definitely make a return trip!Went as a party of 4 this past Saturday evening and was very pleased with every aspect of this restaurant. The location is great in NoLibs. The restaurant decor is stunning. The servers were friendly, knowledgeable and very attentive. The food stole the show. When first reading the menu I was weary of the description of the various ingredients and combinations as I am not an adventurous diner, but my worries were dashed by the excellent tasty dishes. We tried about 12-15 of the tapas style plates and the red sangria and everything was awesome. We had the chickpea and tuna. The beet salad. Multiple orders of the chicken empanadas. The fillet. The skirt steak. Littleneck clams....mussels, crab filled pastries. I am probably leaving out a bunch but they were all exciting to eat and delicious. The only negative is that a bunch of little plates can add up to one big price. This is a great Philadelphia dining spot and enjoy.Damn you Bar Ferdinand...you ruined my last night in Philly! 
"We wasted the good surprise on you!" 
Stick to the cheese steaks and pretzels when your looking for something good to eat! Not that some of the tapas weren't tasty, but I'd rather spend my money on something filling. 
I understand the concept of Tapas...really, I do. But how bout you put a tad bit more on a plate for the price you're gonna charge? 8 bucks for 3 or 4 pieces of shrimp and a tiny sliver of bread to pick up the oil on the plate is pretty whack!
REALLY? That's what you're gonna bring me? 
The only thing cool about this place is the matches I jacked from the podium up in the front before I left! 
Sadly, we went to McDonald's afterwards to actually eat. My dear Philadelphians, if you ever make your way to Cali, make sure you stop by Viva Madrid in Claremont for some real Tapas!As a New Yorker, I'm a complete food snob.  Go ahead and hate, we're the culinary capital of the East Coast.  Visiting some peeps in Philly, I had to find a place to accommodate both my wife's vegan philosophy and our small dog...called ahead to Bar Ferdinand, and they gave the green light on both counts.  Sweet.
We proceeded to get lifted on moderately priced cocktails on a beautiful Sunday evening.  The food was damn good, but honestly, we were pretty drunk, so it could possibly have seemed better through out liquor goggles.  
We will definitely be back.Finally made it here for a quick lunch and would go back for dinner in the future.
The service was good, but the restaurant was only about 1/3 full , so service shouldn't be a problem. The tapas on a weekend are mainly tuned to brunch, but what we had was good. The chorizo was really good, not like you buy in the local grocery stores. The chorizo with fried egg sandwich has great taste and was plenty for lunch. The almond/honey/ fig tapa reminded me of baklava. The other sandwich with pork and veggies was also good. NIce bar area.Consistently consistent, This review comes after a minimum of 5 times dining here.
The most recent was just 01/17/15 for a brunch. We went with a large group of people (Around 20) and were given a set tasting menu for brunch.
As I have dined here several times, I was pretty sure that I would have had most of the items they were going to serve us, I was wrong. Brunch was great! They put together a great menu of truly brunch-based tapas. Also, the staff did a great job of keeping our glasses filled with sangria, bloody mary's and mimosa's.
If you come for dinner, you will pretty much find all of the same characteristics. One of my favorite dishes is the manchego frito with apple foam. But you can't go wrong with anythingMy food experience here is getting worse....
I have been here before for dinner a couple of times. They have satisfying selection of Vegeterian / Gluten Free dishes. This time one of the dishes was moved to brunch (the best one!) and the rest was severed in a little bit different dish set and was awfully grease. Every single thing we got was swimming in grease... Anytime I eat food so heavy I don't feel good and regret eating any of it. All I could taste was salt for hours after the dinner. 
I'm afraid we need to part ways Bar Ferdinand....Only good things to say about this place. Tapas are tasty and plentiful. The wine list has a variety of selections and the staff is well educationed on them. It is one of my favorite places in Philadelphia and will always remain special to me.Went here on a date night, and while the tapas aren't the level you would find in Spain (let's be realistic here), they are pretty good for a nice, unpretentious tapas place in philadelphia.
We had the cheeseboard, patatas bravas, and empanadas, alongside a glass of both white and red sangria. While the white sangria was nice and light with more tropical fruits the red sangria definitely won the competition, and was full bodied without being too sweet like most cheap sangria. Our waitress was knowledgable and attentive, explaining the origin of the cheeses and the pairings for each one, and the service was great without being overbearing- we were seated within seconds of entering.
Three plates and drinks were definitely enough for two of us, but if you like your meals large you will probably want to spring for more- they are small tapas plates after all. The patas bravas are a great deal- the pairing of spicy tomato and creamy aioli sauce is delicious, and the potatoes themselves are creamy and filling.Bar Ferdinand is hands down one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I've probably been there 30 times and have never had a bad experience. And as they are moving more towards local and sustainable food, I'm only growing in my appreciation for their work.
I find the inventiveness and quality of the food to be top-notch, and at surprisingly affordable prices. My boyfriend and I always know we want a few dishes before we even sit down: 
1) The manchego with apple foam- so simple and delicious. Who knew apple foam even existed? And the sauce is amazing.
2) The monkfish and pork belly. The fattiness of the pork belly and the meatiness of the monkfish play off of each other perfectly, and they are just deliciously seasoned. I salivate thinking about them
3) Any of the lamb dishes. Always tender and lovely.
If there are specials, we always jump on those as well. I recently had  a salmon special that was so fresh and well prepared it barely had anything but oil, salt and pepper and it was fantastic.
My best experiences there have been during the Thursday night chef's tasting. The first one we did was with a wine pairing, and we got to meet and talk with a rep from the Spanish vineyard and the local distributor during the meal. Each dish was paired well with a different variety of wine. One stand out from that meal was a carrot flan with black currants and a small salad. I though it sounded crazy, but it was amazing.
The most recent chef's tasting included a tomato salad that even though I don't like tomatoes much, I thought was delicious. Asparagus plancho- just asparagus and egg yolk- made me jealous that I could never make something so simple taste so good. We had rabbit for the first time there, and they did a stellar job. And halibut that was tender and flavorful. 
I'm also starting to really love the creativity of desserts. Recently they've had a special popsicle with chocolate and vanilla sea salt that even if I don't have the room, I have to eat in full. And the chef's tasting included a goat cheese panna cotta that I hope ends up on the regular menu- yum!
Bar Ferdinand really is the perfect spot for dinner if you love trying new, fun dishes without completely breaking the bank. The casual atmosphere also means you don't have to worry about jackets and ties to have a great night out. I love this place!wow.  second time back was not as good at all.  Both service and food were mediocre.    I'm being generous with a 3 because its philly and I had a good first experience.Okay. Lets get this out of the way
it was a saturday night, we're a party of four, we didn't have reservations.
we walked in and were told it was over an hour wait, plenty of empty tables (but probably reserved-fine-but weird sort of to have SO many empty tables) 
All this I get, it's my fault for thinking we'd be able to get a table right away. But it was pouring rain, we looked a little disheveled with the help of only one umbrella and the looks from the hostess and the server at the bar were just plain mean.
we decided to order all the empanadas and the serrano ham croquets and the kale and goat cheese croquets. It's not like we were cheap, we knew we looked like a mess because of the rain but we were ready to pony up for drinks and food.
The empanadas were terrible. Each one tasted like a hot pocket and was overly peppered (and i love pepper! but this was just bleh) It was just mush inside a pastry. I was with two people that live in NY so i was hoping to impress since philly is so often written off as a good food city.
What did I wind up doing? Headed down the street for just plain old honest to good food @ Dos Segundos, where the empanadas have texture and the tacos are authentic.  
I admit I had high hopes for Bar Ferdinand-I mean, they make you think that you should. I would like to try more stuff, but just the rude nature and bad food makes me not want to go back.We met friends for an exemplary meal.  Using the server's recommendations as a guide we ordered and were very pleased with everything.  The chicken liver tapa was delicious.  The chicken thigh was delicious.  The garlic shrimp was delicious.  The autumn roasted vegetables were delicious.  The mussels were delicious.  You get the idea!3.75 stars, it could have been 4 solid stars, except for one easy to adjust, but oft not, item.  THE FRIGGIN SALT!!!  Please taste what you are seasoning before you just throw in handfuls of salt.  Thank you in advance!
OK, now for the details...what a lovely find in Northern Libs, been bookmarked for a few months now and kicked to my attention by a recent article.  A very nice bottle and draught selection of brew.  Also, there was a nice Spanish wine by the glass selection, which with the assistance of the bar servers, one was chosen which added positively to the overall experience. 
Service was impeccable, I sat at the bar as I like to do, on a busy Saturday night.
The first small plate chosen was the marinated charred veggies served with goat cheese on bread.  The veggies included a to-die-for eggplant, (if I could make that eggplant, I would never leave home) , but I wish we had just two more slices of that bread, what was served did not do the entire amount of the dish justice.
Second, was a flatbread with a most tasty, delicious pancetta, garlic oil and baked egg, which the server broke the yolk and spread the yoke evenly over the flatbread.  This was absolutely delightful. 
We then split the paella, which we were told was large enough for 2, well it was large enough for 3.  This has to be among the top paella's I ever had, but keeping it from the top was the SALT.  The chorizo, the shell fish of shrimp, mussels and clams, all already added salt to the dish.  I would be extremely surprised and withdrawal my comment if I was told NO additional salt was added to the dish.  Served in a rustic, traditional paella pan, the rice, the flavors, the tender chicken leg and thigh, the richness, were decadent.  The flavors complimented each other well, and I ate until I could eat no more.  Therefore, there was no room for dessert. :-(
I really liked this place, I will return, and frequently I might add.I love how romantic Bar Ferdinand is!  We even stopped in to take a photos by the bar on our wedding day.  The photos are awesome especially because of the dried roses that hang from the ceiling by the bar that ended up framing the shot.  The manager was very accommodating to allow us to come in and photograph before our wedding cocktail hour.  
We returned on our anniversary to stop by the bar for a drink and appetizer.  Bar Ferdinand has an excellent menu and a good selection of wine, beer and cocktails. I tried their house white wine and it was great - not too sweet, dry or oaky - just a really nice white and I don't normally drink white wines.  We tried the goat cheese with lavender and it came with toasted bread for dipping.  David Ansill even swung by to tell us that we can eat the rind.  He is an interesting character which adds to the unique feeling of the restaurant.Fun place in Fishtown!  Went with a group and had a great time--unique atmosphere.  I do think that the portions were unusually small for tapas (we all had to eat a snack after), but they tasted great!  At around $50 per person, it was little pricey, but a fun place to go with friends.It's not a bad place for relatively affordable tapas.  Quality wise, probably not as good as the Garces places, but the environment is more laid back, the prices are fair, and the food is decent.  I loved it in Spain when I was there and the environment here gave me more of that vibe than any of the Garces places do.
As for the food, the Surtido de Carnes (selection of meats) was great, I wish they would've had more of a selection of cured meats but what they had was very delectable.  The octopus was also very good.  I am huge fan of Jamon so we got the jamon croquette and it was kind of a let down.  The filet mignon and fish/pork belly skewers were delicious.  The Gambas Al Ajillo (prawn) was also delicious and so was the Carne a la Parilla (steak).  We also got the Paella which like most places if they make it fresh, takes a while to come out, but it was worth the wait.  Not the best I've ever had (Barcelona and San Juan, I had amazing Paella) but definitely very good and I can't think of anywhere else in Philly that has better.  Of all the things we got, only one was kind of a disappointment but even that wasn't even bad so I have to say it was a great meal and I would definitely recommend it for anyone who loves Tapas and Spanish cuisine.Go and grab some pizza instead. I'm serious. You'll be happier for it. 
That way you may actually feel full. 
Or you could wait.  Have your waiter take your drink order and wait 15 minutes for it. Then order your tapas, like six or eight of them. If you're a child or hamster this maybe enough to hold off your appetite for eleven minutes.  
Don't forget that you'll get your tapas in ten minute intervals.  Take two chipmunk size bites, push your plates to the side then wait for six hundred "Mississippi"s . The waiter does this because he doesn't want to "overwhelm" you.  
Sure.
I should of ran out on the bill. Wouldn't want to "overwhelm" him by paying.My boyfriend and I loved this place! The food was fabulous and so was the service. We had two bottles of the Estrella Damm INEDIT, which was quite a treat! No one carries this beer and we didn't mind paying 30 bucks a bottle. Just about the only thing we minded was the paper napkin. Spending 200 dollars on dinner and drink, your customers really should have a cloth napkin!The plethora of open tables on OpenTable only 3 hours before your intended reservation should tell you something.
1. Very loud. Unable to have conversations or hear waitress.
2. Everything is very salty.
3. Spicy meatballs were not.
4. Of our 15 or so dishes, none "wowed" us.
5. With only 4 dessert items, you cannot "run out of churros." You are a Spanish restaurant.Bar Ferdinand has always been there for me when other establishments have fallen through.  Standard Tap and North Bowl not doing happy hour yet?  North Third and El Camino Real have too long of a wait?  No one in your dinner party wants to try someplace new?  Bar Ferdinand has been there for me.  
I think that if you haven't done tapas before, Bar Ferdinand is a good place to start out.  A little friendlier (in atmosphere and on the wallet) than Amada, this warm, sleek NoLibs spot has something for everyone.  The menu contains everything from blueberry ale and fried octopus for the food-curious to Miller Lite and fried potatoes for the less adventurous.  Everything is reasonably priced.  
I've been here a few times, and there are few misses among the hits.  Cons: some of the plates are awkwardly and sporadically spaced; some of the items on the menu were a bit "off" (a date- and cream cheese-stuffed pastry was just a little too cloying for me; a cold omelet wedge tasted a bit too much like, well, cold omelet).  Pros: the majority of the meals are delightful in the combination of tastes and textures.  My favorites, and staples for whenever I go there, include a perfectly assembled cheese plate, as well as these membrillo-manchego-apple foam-walnut sauce skewers.  
Bar Ferdinand should also be notable for being one of the few places in NoLibs a) that does not require yelling in order to be heard and b) has anything remotely resembling navigable space.Haven't been here since ansill took over as chef...he has trimmed down an overly loaded menu to half the size, giving you twice the deliciousness!  The charcuterie comes with a nice tasty selection of meats and pickled veggies, the hot goat cheese plate will leave you wanting more...oysters...yum! Crab croquette was just the right amount with what appeared to be fresh not frozen crab...shrimp with garlic...heavenly...and then I used the fried garlic and butter sauce with the above mentioned croquette, what a pleasure...David has taken a good restaurant and made it great...congratulations!
After the 2nd trip here the above review remains...add another 1/2star...foie gras with some sort of incredible berry jelly that was the perfect topping...calamari and Spanish octopus both excellent...baked goat cheese perfect...David is really hitting on all cylinders...bravo...please open another Ferdinand on south st or Passyunk ave!!!!Probably the first tapas restaurant I ever went to.  Bar Ferdinand has a stellar cold and hot plate menu and a couple items I still remember a few years later.  There was a seared skirt steak with a quail egg fried in truffle oil that I still bust out when entertaining it's such a strong dish and an herbed baby octopus dish that was baby octopus perfection- not at all rubbery!  Well worth the trip up to northern liberties.This review is straightly for their drinks only. I hope someday I will go back here to find out their food. 
We sat by the bar area, where they hang up dry roses around. It's a really nice touch. Goes well with the place. I was in the mood of some whiskey but didn't want to have it on its own. I tried Barcelona, which has bourbon, licor 43, bitters and some brandied cherries. It was so good and tasty! I only let myself have two glasses. It took a lot of will power, for sure. :-) And yes, make sure to eat the cherries. They will give you a little kick in a good way! ;-)a fun place to go with a bunch of friends - it's can be intimate or not and the music is not too loud. plus you can order more tapas! everything was pretty tasty...don't recommend the cured meat plate though - it was kinda dry and sad looking. loved the date empanadas and duck and lamb dishes were my favorites. get a pomegranate sangria - it's just fun!Authentic Spanish tapas restaurant. We ordered one-two tapas dishes at a time and they all came out quickly and hot as they were prepared. It was perfect! For five of us, we enjoyed probably a combination of ten mixed dishes and then followed with dessert. The staff was very nice and gave information for each dish as we ordered them. For example, which were so small that two would be better for our group...and they were spot on each time! One person in our group is currently on chemo and she wasn't quite feeling well. The restaurant only had one soup prepared in advance that she wouldn't be able to enjoy and the chef actually came out (not knowing about the chemo) to ask her what kind of soup she would like. She gave him a couple ingredients that would be good, that brothy was better than creamy, and he made her an amazing custom soup that was delicious! We will definitely go back!!!Every time I come back to Philly for a visit, I meet my friends here for dinner. It's in Northern Liberties, where parking is usually effortless and it's easy to get to, whether walking or driving.
It's a tapas restaurant, so you need to be ready to splurge to eat here...each dish ranges from $5 - $10, which adds up quickly. But it's worth it. The wine selection always impresses and never disappoints...some of the best Spanish wine I've ever tasted. And the decor...oh how beautifully ambient the lighting is! Be sure to check out the mosaic murals on the back wall of the restaurant. The rich, warm Spanish decor is very impressive and very well done!
There's outdoor seating, which is perfect for a warm summer night. Service is always with a smile, and I've never had a negative experience, no matter how busy they are. 
One of my favorite Philly restaurants that will always hold a special place in my heart.Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. 
I love this place so much I want to take everyone I know here. The food is absolutely incredible. There is so much variety on the menu, and the staff are super knowledgable about everything on the menu. 
We had a bit of an issue in the beginning, we were there for a group dinner celebrating a friends' birthday. We had a reservation for 8 but weren't seated until almost 9. The issue was that their biggest table was sitting around talking way after finishing their meal, so I guess it was out of their control. 
The food definitely made up for it. I have a shellfish allergy and have been trying to cut back on carbs, but even eliminating shellfish and bread, I had so much to choose from. 
I can see how people can rake up their bill as everything is small plates, but they're a lot more filling than you'd think. I'd suggest ordering 2-3 things at first, and then seeing how you feel. The wait staff is always coming around to suggest more things to try, so it's easy to order more. 
The atmosphere is top notch - the bar is decorated with thousands of dried roses and twinkle lights, it's very romantic. 
The sangria is amazing, and I'm not usually one to pick sangria over just general red wine. It helps that it's only $7 a glass, too. 
Definitely one of the best restaurants in Philly.I liked this place's tortilla espanola.  Liberties walk is still kinda a weird place, but it's a little better now at night especially with Deuce just fifteen feet across the walk.  The space heaters are a nice touch.  We'll still be able to sit outside and drink later in the fall.
The food is a lot cheaper than Amada.  It's a nice change of pace from our usual night out slummin' it at the Fire.Consistently delicious tapas restaurant in Northern Liberties. Have dined for dinner on a number of occasions and always leave satisfied. Some of my favorites are the paella, warm goat cheese with honey, and the flatbreads which are all pretty good. Everything is has great flavor and the romantic ambience of the establishment makes it a good date night spot. It can be pricey, as the case for most tapas restaurants.
Happy hour is a great deal in my opinion. $5 sangria and a bunch of small plates for $5 as well including meat & cheese board, mussels, $1 oysters. Their late night menu seems to be pretty good as well, although I haven't tried. Overall good restaurant in the area.Super Tapas!   
My husband and I went here with a few friends for dinner on Friday. WOW! We were so happy with our decision to try it!  Between the four of us, we ordered about 12-14 dishes and every single one was delicious. My top favs were the Langostines (special), the Date & Bacon Empanada (ordered two!), and the Pork Belly.  Additionally, they have an outdoor Paella cooking and it looked awesome. If we weren't so full, we would have gotten that too!
Our bartender/waitress Jill was honestly one of the best, most well-informed service staff we've had in the Philadelphia area. She knew the menu inside and out. When I asked for a drink recommendation, she told us that she created all the cocktails, so I just let her pour. The drinks were awesome. The wine suggestions were perfect. She really was a great server. 
I would recommend this to anyone. Groups, couples, etc. With such a wide variety of items to pick from, you can't go wrong.Went here forSunday Brunch 
Started off with the Mimosa "Sangrade" which were delicious.
Had the Sauteed Spinach and Piquillo Pepper Omelet with Crab which was an extra $3 dollars which is expected.  It was delicious and I enjoyed every bite. (make sure to ask for some Sriracha sauce).
Mainly giving this place 5 stars for the Date and Bacon Empanada, Honey, Almonds. OMG! This dish was so good.  Only two came because it is an appetizer but I had it with my meal.  But I wish 4 came with it they were so good! 
The service was also very good.  I guess our waiter lost one of our tickets in the back and so the rest of our food came out way before my friends meal.  So the waitress gave us complementary mimosas and the meal that was late was on the house.  
Will definitely be back to try more.We don't get here very often, because it is far from our South Philly home, but on the three occasions we've eaten here everything has been delicious. The wines and sangria are excellent, and the croquettes are just as good as the croquettes we had when in Barcelona. 
Don't miss the cheese boards, charcuterie, or empanadas. The baked goat cheese, the Moroccan rabbit, flatbreads, potatoes with aioli - in fact everything we and our dinner guests have had - are scrumptious. 
I read a review that bested Bar Ferdinand to Amada. I wouldn't go that far, but I would say it is just as good as Amada.It had been a while since i strolled the streets of Northern Liberties...cause back in the day when i lived in philly it was quite dangerous...not to mention there weren't very many (ok, there weren't ANY) hipster places to hang out. nowadays, it reminds me a bit of williamsburg in brooklyn...
while visiting philly this past weekend, some friends took me to Bar Ferdinand. i love tapas and wine, so i guess i loved the place before we even got there. it was a saturday late-night, and it wasn't crowded. we only ordered a few tapas, which were all yummy...smoked breaded calamari, patatas bravas and some kinda baked spanish cheese with garlic and toast. tapas=small plates, great for picking and sharing with groups.
the music was quite varied...from the latest radiohead (yay!), to justin timberlake, to fleetwood mac...all of which sparked conversations between us, but not all good ones. probably better if they had a playlist on random rather than playing the whole cd of any of them. just a thought. otherwise, great dim lighting and decor!The BF and I came here the other night after we bought a deal on Rue La La.  Most of the time, restaurants that use daily deals to lure us in have been lackluster, but Bar Ferdinand is the exception to the rule.  I was really impressed by the authentic menu, delicious food, and solid service.
The two of us split six dishes plus dessert: marinated olives, pixin con panceta (monkfish and pork belly skewers), plato de queso (cheese plate with homemade garnishes), patatas bravas, calamares en su tinto (squid in its own ink with sofrito and chorizo), fried lamb tongue over mashed chick peas. and helado de almendra (almond ice cream with almond brittle, olive oil torta, and mixed berry compote).  Everything tasted incredible and there were no bad dishes during our meal.  My personal favorite was the lamb tongue.  The outside was crispy and salty, but the tongue itself was moist, velvety, and incredibly savory.  It paired well with the chick peas and the sauce.  The patatas bravas were also great, even if it was just breakfast potatoes in a spicy (but so delicious) sauce.  The cheese plate, fish and pork belly skewers, and almond ice cream were also fantastic.
Aside from the food, our server was very attentive and helped us out in letting us know exactly how many dishes we should order for the two of us.  The menu not only boasts an extensive wine and beer list (featuring plenty of local and Spanish options), but also menu options that I've rarely seen on an American menu at a Spanish restauant (Bacalao, for example).  The atmosphere is great but the restaurant can get a bit noisy sometimes, which may make it better for groups as opposed to dates.  However, I really enjoyed our meal here and I would definitely come back to try more of the menu, a prix fixe, or maybe even brunch.Come on, people. Where is the love for Bar Ferdinand? This is one of the only Yelp average ratings that I disagree with highly. I am speaking up to defend my beloved tapas place. And I have been to Barcelona, Seville, and Madrid, and am making comparisons to the authentic cuisine. It is not often that a bar has delicious food, but I would eat here once a week if I could. It is because of Bar Ferdinand that I discovered my love of manchengo cheese - as its one of the key ingredients paired with an apple foam and walnut puree. And five bucks to boot. I dream of their fried serrano ham croquetas with a bready outside, patatas bravas (fried), and fried cinnamon churros with a chocolate dip.
Are you noticing a lot is fried? Don't worry - you won't need to be rolled home or anything because you sample bit by bit.:)
If you go late at night and sit outside on the weekend (like 9 PM), I've always thought that the service is attentive.Nice bar but those "tapas" are just undersized, overpriced appetizers.I've had a lot of great meals in my 20-something years of life and my most recent meal at Bar Ferdinand definitely ranked up there.  First, it was Monday, so bottles of wine were half-price.  If that doesn't begin an amazing meal I don't know what does.  We ordered two bottles and dug into the menu.  
- favorites
the manchego is their most popular dish according to our server and did not disappoint.  Our table of four ordered two servings of the calamares rellenos because it was to DIE for.  We also loved the smoked salmon croquette, the vegetariano sandwich, and my companions adored the short rib.  We also ordered every dessert offered that night : )
Honestly, every single morsel from start to finish that we put in our mouths we raved about.  The wine, the service (shout out to Lauren), and the food was incredible.  We dined in the true meaning of the word (as in lots of time, lots of great conversation, lots of fun) and I cannot wait to go back!!!  Our total bill with two bottles of wine (half off), food, desserts, coffee, and tip was around $200 and we were STUFFED.
Sadly I haven't tried Philadelphia's most famous spanish tapas place yet (Amada) but I suggest next time you want a fun night out, a great date night, or are just looking for a light dinner check out Bar Ferdinand.
side-note: my girlfriends and I love to go in here for a pitcher of Sangria at happy hour, it's an AWESOME deal at half-off.Had a rough day or have something to celebrate or just want to eat out. ...this is my destination place. Free  parking starts the experience and then the welcoming atmosphere. While I usually eat at the bar to interact with the staff and others, the dining room is equally welcoming. Each time I come the quality is high of both service and food. The set menu is good, the happy hour menu always has a good selection and I often pick something from the daily special.  It is good and often great! Go!I've been here before, but after going with a bunch of yelpers on a Friday night, I was kind of reminded why I don't go here that much.  The service was slowwww,  The cheese plate was kinda crappy.  
Our server  hooked us up to make sure we had enough of everything for group and the palella was actually pretty banging.Finally made it here to dinner, and overall, I was pleased. Brought two of my lady friends, and I guess we didn't get the memo that it was couples night.  (This place exudes romance and all those lovey-dovey feelings. I mean, there are hundreds of roses surrounding their gorgeous bar!) Nevertheless, our party of three enjoyed the evening.
Onto the food and wine! The pitcher of white wine sangria started us off, and I'm glad we chose it. Delightful, refreshing, and the pomegranate berries gave it a pop of color. I did hate the fact that the pitcher looked like it came from Toys 'R Us. Pitchers need to be bigger! Adult-size, please.
FLATBREADS. Get the flatbreads! Especially the pancetta with the baked egg. They give you a spoon so you can spread all that egg-y goodness. The slight crunch of the pancetta and oozy egg? YES. Then we got the other flatbread with the mushrooms and goat cheese. I didn't taste the truffle, or maybe it was because I ate it too fast!
Second round of tapas were 1) marinated veggies with goat cheese-smeared bread and 2)  the octopus with potato fingerlings. The veggie selection (baby carrot, roasted red pepper, mushrooms, and eggplant) was just ok, but the bread pieces could be a bit smaller since they took over the plate leaving no room for the veggies. Poor veggies. The octopus was nicely grilled, but for some reason, thought it needed some oomph. The pimenton (that reddish dust similar to paprika) didn't do much for me. It was a very lightly flavored dish. 
Instead of dessert, we opted for a bottle of albarino and some good conversation!
I'd come back for the flatbreads and try more of the tapas!This was my fourth or fifth trip to Bar Ferdinand and it never disappoints. I went with my sisters to commemorate the one-year anniversary of our Madrid, Spain vacation (really any reason justifies a trip to this restaurant). 
All the flavors and tapas we loved in Spain we got here that night. I have my favorites (the Baked Cabra Cheese) as do my sisters (Bacon and Date empanadas) and we loved the specials too. Arrived in time for Happy Hour - a great $4 house wine to go with our Paella and croquettes. 
And the meal would not have been complete without the amazing churros and chocolate. Wonderful meal to savor the memories of Madrid. We also had used a Daily Candy deal for $45 we got $75 worth of food (like getting out Paella for free!)
Manager also went out of his way to call me the next day to make sure no one in our group has lost our gloves on the banquette. That is amazing customer service. 
Will totally be back when the weather get warmer and you can dine outside!This place is ok. I usually don't write reviews unless I love or hate something, but after reading all the glowing reviews, I felt I had to temper the love-fest with a dose of reality. This place is an "eh" tapas joint. If you like tapas, and have had it all over the world, you'll realize that this place serves good but not-particularly-authentic food in a nice setting. Although authenticity isn't always the best measure of a restaurant, I want to feel like the chef has mastered the form before he starts messing with it. 
Bar Ferdinand is a totally decent place to take a date to, and for folks who aren't particularly experienced with tapas they'll have a great time. The food is good and high quality and some of the combinations are interesting. My biggest thing was that I was expecting to go to a tapas restuarant- a dark place with a big menu of sherries and ports, and lots of super-salty little dishes heavy on porcine products, olives and fish. This has more of that jazzed-up NYC-style of bullshittery that tries to sell "fusion" food to yuppies and people with more money than sense. Throwing apple foam on things excites a certain type of person (usually the same people who refer to themselves as "foodies"), but unfortunately that isn't me.Hmmm. I really wanted to like this place. Went here for a date and I have to say I love the decor and atmosphere. It was generally quiet and a very intimate location. The food to me? Just okay. Nothing more. The drinks? Even less special. I'm a big fan of Sangria and the sangria here was very disappointing. Servers are very quick and professional so that was a plus. Overall, I was with great company so I enjoyed myself but I can't imagine I'll be back.Used to be a great place for nice wine and good music. The have totally changed, and not for the best and the new current music makes you not want to come back. 
However the staff is great.What's the problem with Bar Ferdinand? It's not the decor, it's not the service, it's not the location, it's not even the food.
The problem is that it's not sure if it wants to be a restaurant serving Spanish style tapas, or a nightclub. This evening a very loud mix of heavy metal, mixed with southern rock overshadowed all aspects of the experience. The music should be the background not the foreground. And if it is the background, keep it in theme of the restaurant. Some nice traditional Spanish flamenco would be apropos. Not music you would hear at a trailer park BBQ! I'm pretty certain that Bar Ferdinand will be going the way of Darlings Diner soon.Good place for tapas !!!
****FOOD
duck hearts (freaky but yummy - when something is freaky, it is yummy)
GAMBAS AL AJILLO CON FIDEOS aka shrimp  
CANELORES CON COSTILLAS DEL BUEY aka short rib (they are not long but they are yummy)
POLLO RELLENO aka chicken breats
CHULETAS DE CORDERO aka lamb chops
VIERAS SALTEADAS aka octopus
****Drinks
great selections of beer (do try the ALHAMBRA)
great sangria and clericot
****Decor
Very nice warm atmosphere with rich yellow mustard and deep romantic red wall color.
The bar is decked out with selections of wine (by bottle) and dry roses are hung around the top which gives a little bitter-sweet vibe to the place. 
It can get expensive even though the prices of their tapas is a-ok but the portion is quiet small.  
It won't fill your tummy and empty your wallet if you don't pay attention to what you order.I used to love Bar Ferdinand, but they've shrunk their menu to two measly pages and it's just meh now. I don't understand how a tapas restaurant has such a small, subpar selection. The sangria is still quite tasty and the new chef kept a lot of the same items, but then also deleted over half of them. I found this out after I chose the restaurant for a fun get together with four other friends and was embarrassed to see the tiny new menu. I thought we would all go and order a ton of food and try lots of dishes, but instead we got less food for what seemed like more money. Service was still pretty good, and the ambience is nice. I was also irked that I wasn't able to book on Open Table for a party of five but got a reservation immediately when I called (for a Sunday night booking) and the place was practically empty. Very odd.Orgasmic food. I've never had a less-than-awesome meal here. It's a bit of a splurge, but so worth it.
The decor deserves its own review. It is GORGEOUS. Mosaics, tile, tufted leather, lace. Mmm. I want my apartment to look like that!I LOVE this place!! I've never been disappointed and there are a plentiful variety of dishes to keep you coming back to try more. The atmosphere is very dim-lit and romantic, perfect place for a date or just to eat great food and drink wine with the girls. It gets a little pricey because of the size of the plates (they are tapas, after all) and how much you have to order just to fill up, but I definitely think it's worth it for the quality of the food. I will definitely be returning, again and again!I went to Bar Ferninand not so long ago after hearing so many rave reviews about it...i have to say they were not exaggerated... This was one of the most delicious meals I've had in a long time.  
But do realize tapas bars are not for everyone.  The portions are small, but its a tapas bar they're supposed to be!  
-Come here with the realization that  you're going to spend a lot of money.  
-Look up the definition of tapas, here I'll do it for you Tapas: a snack or appetizer, typically served with wine or beer.
-Drink the sangria, its really good! 
-Take your time eating, you're supposed to enjoy and taste carefully what you're eating. 
-Make a reservation if you're going there on a weekend!!
-Ask the servers what they recommend, they know what they're talking about.
-Order at least 3 tapas per person and share amongst yourselves.
Seriously, this place rules.For an early Father's Day gift, my wife booked a paella class on Sunday, June 12.  We were the only diners to show for the class and we were afraid they'd cancel it or, worse yet, it wouldn't be fun since the chef and servers outnumbered us at least 2 to 1.  However, Chef Matt and his team were great.  Matt, Leah, Jill and the others were so friendly and professional and eager for us to enjoy our class.  The Paella was wonderful and so were the ciders that Leah provided. Within days we used the paella "kit" Matt provided us and we did a credible job reproducing his paella.
 I would recommend this class to anyone interested in Spanish cuisine.  Also, try the Catalonian Vermouth and a Pimm's Cup!  Great job, guys, thanks!