Thoroughly disappointed that Barcelona Wine Bar "lost" the reservation my mom made (party of 4) for 7PM yesterday evening. When we arrived the place was absolutely mobbed, and we were barely able to walk in the door which instantly gave me a bad feeling. 
The hostess was nice enough, at first, but as time passed it was obvious she was stressed/frazzled and couldn't handle the pressure/volume. Part of me felt bad for her the other part was so irritated. My mom and I tried helping the hostess look on the reservation sheet for our name however the penciled in writing was so haphazard and some even faded it was nearly impossible to read the names. The hostess offered to add us to the wait list which appeared to have several names already waiting, unfortunately she was "unable to quote us a wait time" which was insanely frustrating. I  previously worked in the food/beverage for quite some time, first as a hostess, as well as a server and bartender. Not once have I heard of not being able to quote your guests a wait time! Needless to say we left to eat elsewhere.
First they lose our reservation and the best they can do is put us on the wait list - without an estimated time? Totally bummed out, hopefully our next trip there (whenever that may be) will fare better. I advise calling at least a day or two in advance to confirm your reservation as they seem a bit unorganized.Nice fare - really enjoyed the cheese board, calamari, & bacon wrapped dates. Hanger steak was cooked perfectly. Portions were generous for tapas plating. The very reasonably priced full-bodied red blend we had was awesome & the dessert sherry our server suggested was excellent. Would recommend to anyone in town or visiting as a great experience all around.I went with friends here for dinner and we had a great time! The food was great, the wine was fantastic and the ambience was beautiful! Our waitress was friendly and took care of us on a super busy night! We were a group of six and ordered 5 different tapas which were portioned well. The ham croquettes were fantastic as was the butternut squash! We also did the chorizo with fig, the potatoes, and roasted carrots! They were all really good. We all had a hard time picking our favorite. We then shared the seafood paella which was flavorful!  We got there early enough to get one drink on the happy hour menu which I got the white sangria which I was very happy with. Everyone else enjoyed their drinks as well. We also shared a bottle of wine which our waitress helped us pick and it was perfect for our meal!   I most definitely will be returning when I'm home for visits!Had a 7:15 reservation, but when we arrived the host told us that the reservation got lost in their system. Waited at the bar for a half hr before checking back in with the host (who forgot who I was). Finally, 45min later we were able to get a table. Would've been better without the wait or if they had offered to comp something, since the error was on their end. Two stars because the swordfish was delicious!We went before dinner for cocktails and some appetizers. We will absolutely be coming back. A+ service, cocktails, and tapas! We had a cheese plate (with drunken goat & blue cheese), the swordfish, and the gnocchi with duck. Absolutely incredible!Service and food was amazing. We will def come back. But don't be in a rush. Things took their time.Loved this spot. After just visiting Barcelona in Spain and coming into this restaurant, I felt like I had returned with the atmosphere and all tapas. I recommend getting the pitcher of sangria about 3-4 glasses for a table of 3 couldn't get any better. We got the mussels, patatas bravas, pane con tomate all very delicious. This is definitely a must eat in Philly.This place is to Catalonian cuisine what the Olive Garden is to Tuscan cuisine (okay, it's not quite THAT bad, but it is a chain and with that comes some baggage).  We had heard a lot of great comments about this place, so we decided to check it out.  Our reservation was at 8:15 and when we arrived we were told that our table was not ready and that we should have a drink at the (extremely overcrowded) bar.  Because they have seating around the entirety of said (extremely overcrowded) bar, it was difficult to find a spot to actually order a drink, but after a few minutes I found an opening.  I ordered the Barcelona Gintonic and got the wife the Guns and Rosès.  Having had gintonics in Barcelona (the city) I had wrongfully assumed that they were going to serve me a similar style gintonic - a massive red wine glass of ice, gin, some tonic, and the remainder of the bottle of tonic served along side.  Instead it was a Barcelona the restaurant gintonic, which was served in a white wine glass about half full with a sprig of rosemary. Fine, not quite what I was hoping, but still a decent gin and tonic.  The wife's drink was much better.  It was lite and refreshing without being overly sweet.  We ended up having to wait an hour for our table, which i view as inexcusable if you have a reservation.  We ordered the croquettes, bacon wrapped dates, chorizo & figs, and pulpo tapas and the paella mariscos (which the waitress informed us would take 30 minutes).
Croquettes - again, I was expecting something more like the Spanish croquetas you get in Barcelona the city, but these were Barcelona the restaurant's version.  They were balls instead of the slightly more cylindrical shape I was expecting and the balance of the ham and cheese was off (needed more ham). They weren't great, but they were pretty good.
Chorizo and figs- interesting mix.  Again the balance seemed a bit off.  They could have scaled back a little on the figs and balsamic reduction.  Again, pretty good, but not great.
Bacon wrapped dates - it's hard to screw up bacon wrapped dates.  They were good, but I have had better. In Philly.
Pulpo - in Barcelona the city, this means "octopus".  In Barcelona the restaurant, this apparently means "potatoes".  This dish was a HUGE disappointment.  On the entire plate there were only a few tiny pieces of actual octopus compared to the remaining 95% which was potatoes.  Maybe in Barcelona the restaurant if you actually want octopus, you need to order the patatas bravas.  The table next to us had the same experience and I believe the ended up commenting to the waiter.
Paella- we ended up waiting an hour for the paella, not 30 minutes.  The seafood was plentiful, but it tasted sandy and did not seem particularly fresh.  In Barcelona the city if there are prawns in paella they are cooked to perfection and the shell practically falls off.  At Barcelona the restaurant the prawns are cooked in a clever manner that seems to fuse the shell to the prawn, ensuring that you get your hands good and messy trying to clean them.
My overall summary of Barcelona the restaurant is that if you are looking for a cool looking spot to hang out, socialize, and be seen, it is a great choice and probably the only place in this neighborhood fit for that purpose.  If you are looking for a place where you can get a table for 8 and try a bunch of different dishes, again, this is probably a good option.  If you want really good food, look elsewhere.  If you are looking for something on par with the restaurants in Barcelona the city, Barcelona the restaurant is NOT the place for you.Great atmosphere and great food. It was a 30 minute wait to get seated at our table ( we had a reservation) but other than that it was great! I recommend ordering a bunch of tapas and sharing them. The dulche de leche dessert was a amazing!Amazing lively ambience ..excellent service. Parking off the street (very difficult). Great food- veg paella needed some more veggies,spicy eggplant delicious but not spicy at all and cocktails  ..loved the different tapas plates. Has few taverns, shooping stores and other restaurants around it.Awesome place to go whether you're alone, or with a group of friends. Everything I ordered was delicious. Cocktails are great. Happy Hours are from 4pm-6pm. Friendly staff!After revisiting Barcelona, it seems like they addressed the issues we had with our last visits. The two-server team that we had this time was quite communicative and friendly and served dishes promptly and accurately. I also appreciated the main server's time in connecting with us as guests. Overall, everyone we dealt with at the restaurant this time around was pleasant and attentive, and the manager should be thanked for making those adjustments after our last visit. 
In terms of the food, it was as good as we had remembered it, and we really can't get enough of the delicious hanger steak.
As long as this type of service continues and the food remains consistent, we'll be glad to continue making return visits.What a fun place to go for dinner and drinks with amazing service. 
My date and I tried nearly everything on the menu, but had to put the dates and steak at  the top. 
Great wine list and really swanky atmosphere. 
More importantly the service was way above average. Abby the Manager, Erin the AGM and Kerry the area Director went out of their way to make us comfortable and accommodated us on a very busy Saturday night. 
I don't know the people personally, but how they handled a few situations was way above par. 
Can't wait to return and can't wait to have the amazing food and service again.Came here to meet up with friends for drinks.  The sangria was amazing!!  They also have a cute little outdoor area.  Loved the open space and open kitchen.   Servers were super efficient, friendly and nice.  Definitely coming back to try their dishes.Had a great meal here with a wine flight. Will definitely go back. I hope they have a happy hour soon. Also left with a token for a free drink at the next visitSo-so food. Excellent waitstaff and bartenders. Terribly disorganized. Been there twice with reservations and had to wait a combined hour for a table. Seemed like they treated pop-ins and reservations equally. 
They have the vibe of a local Passyunk restaurant, but not the attention to detail in regards to customer service as expected.The food was meh and the service was so slow I thought I was going to have a pressure ulcer on my butt from sitting on the hard bench seating for so long. More than one dish came out lukewarm-including the chorizo/figs and empanadas. If you're looking for a three hour meal consisting of sub par food and uncomfortable seating this chain restaurant is the place for you!Came here for my birthday and amazing service! We ordered 2-3 items a piece and were stuffed! The cocktails were pretty good too. Would definitely come back for a happy hourHad the BEST experience here last night. Great service, when they messed up our wine flights they let us keep the incorrect ones AND gave us the right ones on the house. Also, ask Adrian to create a flight for you or for suggestions if you're interested in trying something new. The tapas plates were all very good too and when food was a bit slow coming out they brought us a complementary plate to munch on while we waited. My favorites were the potato tortilla and the croquettes. Hanger steak was very good but i'm not a fan of truffle oil so i would've nixed the sauce. Seriously though, Adrian ROCKED my socks. can't wait to go back and try some new and interesting wines with her!!This place is seriously so so so AMAZING!! Was looking for a place to grab dinner last night and came across this in the "hot and new" section of yelp. I assumed it wouldn't be busy as it had just opened but clearly word travels fast!
When we arrived we were greeted by a host who warmly said "Welcome Friends"..so adorable! We decided to sit at the bar and luckily the people next to us moved down one so we could have two seats. The bartender promptly came over with the option of sparkling or flat water and menus. 
We were a little lost on the wine list so we told them what we like (dry un-oaked whites) and they brought over two options and let us taste to decide. We landed on the Evolution and it was phenomenal, then bread was brought to us. Practically half a loaf! We also ordered based on the bartenders recommendations. 
Potatos Bravas- Crispy cubes of potatoes in a cheese and tomato sauce..so amazing..probably the highlight of the meal!
Octopus- Super super tender in a chimichuri sauce
Prawns- I didn't expect them to be served cold, but they were huge obviously..we thought they were a little "fishy" tasting but we ate them anyway..
Mussels- awesome, served in a white wine sauce with plenty of garlic and chopped tomatoes. I would have liked for there to be more broth..like swimming in broth but thats really just a personal preference..I'll definitely order them again!
Everything on the menu sounded absolutely amazing and there are plenty of options. I can't wait to get a cheese plate there..such a deal! You get 3 choices for like $17.50?! I saw plenty of them brought out to other customers and they're certainly not stingy with the portions!
What really stood out though was the service. There were several bartenders, plenty of servers and the general manager was coming around to speak with everyone individually. It felt like we were at a party with the nicest and most caring hosts. 
I can't wait to go back, awesome location, service is phenomenal the menu is extensive and the atmosphere is beautiful! Oh and be prepared to eat once you order! This place was pretty busy and our food arrived in minutes!As a Connecticut resident familiar with the original locations, I had to visit! I absolutely love the decor, setting and great outdoor space. We enjoyed a cocktail each (both the gin options) as well as a cheese trio to start. The cheese portions are very generous and we had the meatballs - good but slightly too charred. Unfortunately our server was not very attentive and we missed out on a round of drinks and one of the food items we ordered. Because of that, we opted for the chocolate cake which was good but nothing extraordinary. Overall need to visit again and hopefully have better service, still would recommend and look forward to trying more of the menu.
Would love to see a happy hour option on menu too!Went here for my birthday dinner with a group of 12. We were promptly seated and had a wonderful location towards the back of the restaurant which was perfect for our big group. The happy hour menu was still going and it was filled with great drinks and dishes at even better prices! The whole dinner was great from the food to the service and all of my friends had a great time! This is definitely a place I would recommend to anyone who loves tapas and wine!beautiful space. friendly staff provides wonderful service. nice wine list. flavorful tapas. prices on the high end for this neighborhood.Chose Barcelona from the thrill oat.com best brunch in Philly list. It was #2 but should be #1 with a few spaces to #2. The Spanish tapas in description caught my eye and my GF and I were there.
Everyone is SUPER friendly and even got to speak to the chef regarding the spinach/chick pea canzuela - delicious.
Started with a pitcher of white wine sangria. But the pitcher if you are having 2 glasses because a couple will get three each and it goes down like fruit juice. 
Sat outside even though it was cool with impending rain. Desiree, and original server from their opening last July was just everything you want in a server:friendly, knows the menu inside and out, and just really good at making our stay the best experience we could have. The support staff is just as friendly and helpful.
Food - look at the pics! Bacon wrapped dates were the best I have ever had and a regular item for us when it is available. We ordered 6 tapas items and could have ordered the entire menu as we watched what we didn't order go to other tables.
Look out Amanda - big competition on Passyunk Ave and it is called Barcelona.I've been here 5 times and two times I've had problems with service. They've had problems remembering what we ordered and delivering what we ordered. I've had to complain about not getting dishes twice, so unfortunately despite how good some of the food is, it's not worth it to deal with waiting for food for a long time. I'd rather go to a place that respects its customers and their time.Hands down the best addition to passyunk Ave. The food is flavorful and the staff incredibly attentive and pleasant. I would recommend this restaurant for any time of occasion and especially best for a quick bite. The bread is highly addictive. My kids love this place and they are tough critics.I'm new in town and haven't been out to many places but for sure this one of my faves so far. The ambiance is everything, the food is delicious, and the sangria is to die for. I had a super tasty cheese marinated in herbs, seafood paella, and two tapas.  For sure worth checking out! Def gonna come back in the summer for a girls night!  Must see on Passyunk!!First time going last night for my birthday. The service was impeccable. The place was packed and even so every member of the staff was attentive and patient and seemed genuinely happy to be there. Our server Alan had great knowledge of the menu. The food was outstanding every dish was perfectly prepared and the Paella was to die for! And I thought I didn't like Paella! I cannot wait to go back to this place!The most amazing tapas I've ever had. Every plate is more delicious than the next. The cheese plates are to die for. There are so many selections and the prices are reasonable. Went for a lunch date but was satisfied enough to skip dinner. Service is top notch. Will definitely be frequenting this spot.Finally had the opportunity to try this place. Every time I pass by, which is often, the line is out the door. I called ahead to ask about the wait time and was told they had a table immediately. I was there 5 minutes later and they sat us 5 minutes after that! The table was in a great spot, close to the kitchen and bar, so it was very lively. The noise was a good level, so I didn't have to yell when I talked. Our server, John, did a great job all around. The food was good and came out very quickly. I had the calamari, jamon and manchego croquettes, pescado empanada, spiced beef empanada, manchego cheese with fig, mushrooms with an egg on top and swordfish with chimchurri. I had another dish, but I don't remember what it was. I'll say, all the dishes were good, the empanada pescado was great. The wine selection was excellent as well. I ended with the cheesecake, which was exactly what my server told me to expect, which was good, but the tawny port I paired it with really made the dessert better. Overall a good food experience, great service and a great atmosphere.Half of our food was overseasoned and the other half was bland with little taste. Some of the dishes were even inedible. On top of badly seasoned or completely bland food, half of our dishes came out cold... explain that to me? My husband and I both didn't care for anything we ordered and felt this place to be a HUGE waste of money. I wouldn't have even considered this place without some pretty good recommendations so I don't know if we came on an oddly bad night or what? On top of the food issues, I will say this place doesn't fit in with the neighborhood. With it's over the top (trying too hard to be... trendy?) to the point of being silly decor and then the music that didn't match a wine bar... or any type of place I'd want to be. You walk in and this place shouts I'M A CHAIN RESTAURANT. All of that being said, there are so many wonderful restaurants with outstanding food in the area for the same price and some spots in the area where the food is a million times better for HALF the price point. I will never think about coming here again. Gross.I really enjoyed my visit here! Great atmosphere that while modern and busy was quaint and intimate. The bar was busy but looked like a decent place to grab a drink or have happy hour.  I dined later in the eve for dinner with a friend. They also offer outdoor seating but we were seated at table inside behind the partition separating the bar. Music was loud but not overwhelming and quite enjoyable.
We tried several tapas selections and as a vegetarian there was plenty to choose from. My meat eating friend was also pleased. I really liked the potato tortilla, patatas bravas, and the charred eggplant. For dessert if you like chocolate get the hazelnut cake, this was really rich! The dulche de leche crepes were great but a portion big enough to share.  Leftovers were great the next day. 
Our server was friendly and helpful and staff seemed eager to please. Overall a great addition to the Passyunk dining scene.Outstanding for both brunch and dinner. Have also been to the DC location. Never disappoints!  Great wine list, cheese plates, delicious food overall, and the house made chorizo is a must.Went for Passyunk Rest. Week, so it was a good deal. It was mobbed though, hard to get a drink at the bar, and they were about 30 mins late seating us for our reservation. It felt very hectic in there. Servers were nice, but we were a little surprised at the their lack of basic knowledge on the wine list. Like, not even knowing if their wines on special were red or white :/ 
Food was good, not outstanding. However, the hanger steak was absolutely delicious. 3.5 starsReally nice experience.  Bar staff Adrian and Nicole was super.  Nicole made blue cheese stuffed olives for my drink on request and Adrian took the time to explain the menu and food options to a great eating experience.  Must try bacon wrapped Dates, Albongigas was really good, spiced Beef Empanadas and braised short ribs.  Really everything we had was wonderful.   Highly recommend.Such a fun night! The wait staff is friendly &  helpful. The food was amazing. The hanger steak is fantastic as previous reviewers have said. So happy we New Jerseyans happened upon this new & exciting place. We will be back to share this experience with others. Hats off to Mike, Devon & Erin.By far one of the best restaurants I have been to. I am brand new to the Passyunk area. Walking around the area checking out the local restaurants I stumble upon Barcelona and decided to sit at the bar one weekday for happy hour. I was pleasantly greeted by one of the owners Mike and the bartenders were more than willing to let me sample some wines before I found a really great glass of Montecastrillo. I ordered Jamon Mangalica which is baby pig from Segovia, Spain and it was amazing. The bread is delicious. 
I came back this past Saturday to try their tapas and again was very impressed. The servers and bartenders are excellent. I was with 2 friends and was able to try their pulpo which was incredible, the spiced meatballs, spicy eggplant, figs and chorizo, patatas bravas, and the tortilla. I really was surprised at how much I loved the tortilla and recommend that along with the pulpo. 
If you want great service, wine, tapas, meat and cheese, then do yourself a favor and come here. I will be definitely be a regular.The bar staff, the food, the vibe were all super cool, chill and sexy! The bar was inviting, friendly and the drinks simply perfection in a glass! Hell yes!!!!Staff was great. Very knowledgeable of the menu and bar.  Food was delicious. Pricing was high for tapas and drinks comparable to other tapas related restaurants except this location has parking issues.We loved it here.  First of all the staff is amazing.  Super friendly and helpful - from the person who sat us (may have been the manager) to our phenomenal server Chris - we had a great experience.  The atmosphere is nice and although we sat inside the outside patio looked very inviting.  There's truly something on the menu for everyone.  In desperate attempts to expand the food palate of my 8 year old Tapas is a great way to go.  Her favorites were the meatballs and shishito peppers (which were more spicy then not - which she loved).  She even attempted mussels for the first time - the sauce was a delicious tomato based sauce with a little bit of zip to it. We had a good mix of plates - my highlights were chorizo with figs (I love all things fig) and the pork tenderloin.  We also had the asparagus and empanadas.  Would recommend everything we ordered. Can't wait to go back again.Went here the other night without reservation , and they took us pretty quickly after a short trip to the well manicured bar. The staff from the floor managers to the wait staff were extremely attentive and seemed quite eager to please. The wine list was extensive with a variety of bottles to suit budgets and appetites alike. 
The tapas were quite tasty - all across the board, I suggest you budget two per person plus maybe some cheeses and cured meats to start, so as to achieve the full effect of this place.
Situated in the heart of the passyunk restaurant corridor, competition seems high but Barcelona seems up to the challenge , and fits a nice niche that isn't currently represented. 
Pro Tip: if you are super nice and sociable , you might get free chips for a future glass of wine or tapas.Small tapas with tons of flavors. This place was packed. Mostly women. Lol. Great drinks. All of the small plates were packed with flavor. 
Metered parking outside.Amazing! Highly recommended. Everything was delicious. After all the tapas we ordered we were expecting an outrageous bill. Not so. Don't need to Oder an entree, tapas will fill you up.I'm surprised this place does not show up on "top places to eat in philly" lists. The food here was amazing. 
Meal: dinner with a friend
The order: shisito peppers, eggplant carbonara, sheep's milk cheese, bacon wrapped dates, chorizo and fig, hummus, scallops
Tapas style
Disclaimer: i'm a very picky eater. This food was fantastic. Every dish we ordered tasted great. We did not order the dessert (was not in the mood for the available options). 
Service was also good. No complaints at that end.
Wine selection was good. We were given a solid recommendation for red wine! 
I will definitely be returning here soon!Dined here on a Thursday evening.  It became fairly full by 7pm; good sign for a new place! Make reservations.  Beautiful interior, with a neat bar scene.
Overall pleasant, but I felt like I was dining with a group, as the servers (at least 4 different ones) were at our table every 2 minutes, literally. It was like drop a menu, take drink order, fill water, bring drink, take food order, drop off each item individually, bring bread, ask how every item is, check back 2 mins later.... you get the idea.  It was well-intentioned, but too much service is not good service.
Pros: complimentary bread and EVOO,
 patatas bravas, broccolini
Cons: gintonic and grapefruit cocktails, fried eggplant
Will likely go back, try wine and other menu items, but sit at the bar.One of the best new additions to Philly! The food and staff are amazing. The endless bread and oil was so good I still think about it daily. Would recommend a reservation because it is typically packed.I visited Barcelona over the weekend for a 7:15pm reservation, and was not seated until 8:15pm. This was not just me, but it seemed like most parties were not seated until at least one hour after their reservation time. This was extremely frustrating and disappointing and detracted from my overall experience there. 
Food wise, Barcelona is average at best. The charcuterie options were fair, and most of their tapas met the same standard. I ordered the broccolini and meatballs and they were forgettable. On the other hand, the pork belly was very good, but not worth the $10 price tag for the meager amount that was served. I also ordered the salvaje paella and I thought it was incredibly overpriced for what it was. Again, the flavors were nothing special.
Given the borderline ridiculous amount of time that not only me, but tens of other parties with reservations had to wait for, I do not see myself returning to this establishment or recommending it to others. The staff tried their hardest to be accommodating, and they were great in that respect. The host, our waitress, and even the bartenders were extremely attentive. Unfortunately, not a place I'd remember when I'm on my deathbed.I've been to Spain twice and this is one of the most authentic Spanish restaurants in Philly! I adored this place the first time I visited. Everything was so delicious - the steak, octopus, patatas bravas, paella, pork belly, scallops.
My second visit was slightly disappointing, the way the octopus was cooked completely changed. Instead of the beautiful grilled octopus leg we got last time, it was served fried and drenched in aioli. The steak was also overcooked and not as flavorful. Those were my two favorite dishes from the first visit so I wasn't too ecstatic. Maybe a new chef?
I also came for brunch once and everything was delicious. Try the fideua - it's similar to paella but served with noodles instead of rice.
Great place for drinks as well! Very large and has outdoor seating.Cool place!  Great Ambiance, good food a great drinks.  A bit pricey for the portion sizes, but definitely worth a visit.Wow! Simply wonderful !!!  Super-awesome staff, great food, and I love the atmosphere.  Two thumbs up !!I don't really "rate" many restaurants but my experience last night left me compelled to write a review of Barcelona on Passyunk (or Passhyunk if you prefer).
The overall experience here was fantastic.  It was busy however we were able to chill at the bar til a table opened outdoors. The staff first and foremost was awesome and our server was very knowledgeable and was able to steer us in the direction of a perfect bottle of wine for the meal.   
Full disclosure, this was a date night so the two of us shared some tapas.  The Hanger Steak w/ truffle vinaigrette was delicious.  Also the Jamon & Manchego Croquetas were a favorite thing of ours.  
Again, overall a great place and a definite keeper.  Good for a date night or even a night out with a small group of friends as its a very "sessionable" place. Atmosphere is fantastic and again, the staff were all so friendly.  You should definitely go.Have you ever hoped for an amazing night out? Fantastic. Would recommend getting here as soon as you can before the rest of Philadelphia finds out! The sangria was delicious, the tapas presented and tasted amazing, the empanadas, the calamari a la plancha, and the hanger steak... the truffle vinaigrette I could have licked it off of the plate. It doesn't even stop there, the crepes for dessert we're out of this world with the dulce de leche ! Can't wait to come back!!Amazing restaurant. The energy is authentic. The food is unique and flavorful. The staff was friendly and ensured every patron was valued. Overall, a nice evening. Compliments to Chef Paras.We stopped by for drinks. The restaurant has a great vibe and the bar tenders are knowledgeable. Next time I'm in town I will definitely be checking out the food. I'm giving it 5 stars for the excellent service, great drinks and the ambiance.Was looking to explore Passyunk Ave this evening and had originally been hoping to try Fond or Noord, however, so many places are closed on Monday. Read something recently about Barcelona Wine Bar so decided to check it out. The place has only been open two weeks but if was almostly entirely full around 7pm for when we had our reservation. We had a great experience. The service was friendly, accommodating and knowledgeable. We had a baby and they were very helpful. We had the pulpo, croquettes, albondigas, patatas braves, chorizo w/ fig and littleneck clams. Everything was delicious including the wine. I had the pinot noir from Argentina. We never received our croquettes so they didn't charge us for them. Our waiter at the end of the meal noticed we didn't really eat much of the pulpo so he didn't charge us for it because we didn't like it. He was extremely attentive and helpful, best service I have had in a while. The atmosphere at Barcelona is also great. It is in a great spot on a corner of Passyunk with ample outdoor seating and a great environment indoors. Next time I would like to sit at the marble U shaped bar that overlooks the bar and kitchen. I will be coming here again and highly recommend going!I would have loved to give here a 5 Star. Claire was very personable and friendly. Food was delicious! It was a great experience. Our downfall was unfortunately Courtney.  She made our group feel very uncomfortable by the looks we were given by her very impersonal looks towards us l, making us feel extremely unwelcome. We will return according to the staff.This place is legit! Awesome menu, really knowledgeable & helpful staff, and food that is out of this world. I lived in Madrid, Spain a few years ago and can vouch for the authenticity of the food. It does get really crowded and wait times for a table can be quite long, so grab a glass of wine from the bar while you wait- it's soooo worth it.Delicious food and even better service. A word of advice, make a reservation because this place gets packed. The table bread is amazing and the drinks are amazing!Barcelona is a wonderful place to eat and drink  tapas are delicious and the wine  list is incredible, the staff are absolutely amazing and the wait is not to bad, they move quickly!!! A must try...OH the bread is to die for.....Amazing! One of the best restaurants ive been to in a really long time. Great trendy atmosphere with good music and good social scene. We had a reservation and had to wait awhile but the food was worth the wait. We were in a big group and ordered a ton of tapas and each one was delicious!I don't usually give out 5 star reviews, but anything less would be a lie for Barcelona
The restaurant is big and has several different seating formats. this creates a nice, vibrant vibe. The service was top notch, very professional but still friendly. Special shout out to the food runners. With the ammount of small plates going out to different tables, their accuracy is commendable. On to the food:
Like any tapas place, you want to get as wide a variety of things as possible. We ordered:
Tortilla: kind of like a potato omelet/quiche, nice, staple of spanish food, a good way to start.
Ham and Cheese Croquettes: its fried cheese and ham, what could go wrong?! delicious, and I think this was a favorite of the Mrs. 
Hanger Steak: served medium rare, three (small) pieces of steak with a zesty sauce. Very nice, but a bit small for the most expensive item on the tapas menu
Boquerones: Small fishies cooked in a tangy sauce. I LOVED these, although she wasn't too fond. Lots of flavor in the sauce.
Patatas Bravas: Think fries, but better.
Fried Calamari: fresh, clearly not frozen (nothing worse than frozen calamari), accompanied by a nice chipotle aoli we ended up putting on some other things
For drinks I had a wonderful Uruguayan white wine, and she had a white sangria, which got the thumbs up.
For dessert we had a Basque burnt cheesecake. Nice, but nothing crazy.
Overall, this was a good experience, the price wasn't outrageous, the food was tasty and the service great. Certainly would recommend.Totally cute place! We went Sun night and it was packed and so alive inside! Can't wait to go back. We only had cocktails (fresh and smooth) and flan which was perfect! Can't wait to go back and try dinner.We dined on the patio and had excellent service with Joshua B. The majority of the five dishes we tried was poor, and for the most part downright unimaginative with respect to its flavor profile. The Brussel sprouts were cooked with sherry. The sherry taste dominated in a very intrusive and unpleasant manner. It reminded me of an off-flavored balsamic vinegar. The asparagus was unbelievably oily and the fibrous ends were not trimmed! As I was cutting a spear of asparagus, it slipped, slammed into a shrimp, and sent the shrimp flying onto the floor! One lost shrimp out of five, but at least that dish had redeeming qualities. The Fish Plancha was drowning in a sea of olive oil and not much else to savor or remember. We made a hasty departure to avoid further assault to our taste buds.I recently dined at this location with a girlfriend. The service was amazing. Our server, Chris, was not only extremely friendly, but was very knowledgeable. He even went out of his way to accommodate my gluten issues, and my friend's tree nut allergy to the extent that he revised a menu for us with options that were safe for us to eat. Thank you, Barcelona, for a great experience and for hiring fantastic professionals that allowed us to have a safe, really enjoyable dinner. And, thank you, for being understanding when we almost lit a menu on fire because we were catching up as we first sat down and didn't pay attention to how close the lit candle was getting to our flammable paper menus!‍I came here for the first time with a group of 6 friends last night and we had a fabulous time.  We made a reservation here earlier in the week for 9pm and good thing we did because there was still an hour and a half wait when we arrived.  The atmosphere was young and trendy with some music playing.  Absolutely loved the decor, and the service was great.  Our waitress, Tiffany, was amazing at providing both drink and food recommendations.  Not to mention she was incredibly friendly and attentive to our needs!  
We tried 4 different bottles of wine - a pinot noir, a sauvignon blanc, a merlot, and a malbec.  All of them were on the cheaper side but were delicious and complimented our tapas well.  As for food, we tried many of the tapas so I will highlight a few.  The patatas bravas were absolutely delicious.  Salty and came with aioli on top.  We ended up ordering two plates of these for our group.  The red snapper crudo was delicate and light.  Perfect for a summer evening.  The monkfish was one of the favorites.  The semolina crust was to die for!  The hanger steak with the truffle vinaigrette was my absolute favorite.  Some of the more average dishes were the asparagus, the spicy eggplant, the meatballs, and the zucchini.  They were good, but we might try some different ones next time we come back.  For dessert, we tried the crepes, the indulgence ice cream, and the cheesecake.  The crepes were by far the best and would highly recommend.  
At the end of the night, one of the managers came to our table to talk to us about our experience and he ended up giving us all "tapas tokens" for our next visit, good for a free tapa or glass of wine!  I already cannot wait to come back and will be the go-to spot to take friends from out of town!Barcelona is less than a year old and a great addition to phillys food scene. Great cheeses, peppers,small plates and wine. authentic tapas. Great atmosphere. Will return since there is so much to tryOne of my absolute favorites. Servers are knowledgeable and friendly, drinks are on point, and the food is always fantastic!! I have never, ever had a bad or mediocre meal at Barcelona, they're always tasty, filling, simple yet more flavorful than places that try to be fancy. Sometimes letting the food speak for itself will give you the best meal. I'm always counting the time until I go back and discover what's new on the menu.Exceptional experience here.  Stopped here w my wife for dinner over the weekend and after a long ride we decided to sit at the bar for a drink prior to dinner. In no way were we rushed to be seated and were able to take our time and take in the drink menu which had an expansive selection of wines and a decent basic whiskey selection.  Once we were ready to be seated , we were greeted by no less that four different people in the first ten minutes to make sure everything was ok and to freshen up our drinks,bread, etc.  and discuss the apps and menu . We ordered two cheeses and two charcuterie selections and generous portions were literally enough for a table of four. The Iberico ham and Beef Bresola were fresh and delicious as was the blue cheese and sharp wedge w ordered. As far as the dinner selections we ordered lots of small plates which were fantastic and highly recommended the crispy calamari as well as the swordfish which was the most tender and delicious grilled swordfish I've ever eaten. Also recommend the hangar steak as a must try. We will definitely be coming back here with friends in the coming months. The staff was pleasant and on the ball and made many good recommendations of things to try. Highly recommend visiting here.Was there last night for the first time. And I have to say I had a great time. The service is great. The food was good ( a little off from what I normally eat.. but still good if you're open to trying things) At one point one of the mangers ( I think he said his make was Mike. Longer hair pulled back, beard)  just stopped by to say hi and see how things where going and if we where enjoying everything, that hardly ever happens any more. Overall the staff really impressed me as I am very new to the world of wine. I first tried a wine I new, then I asked the bartender Dennis I had liked the riesling, but wanted to try something similar but different and in less then 10 seconds I had a different wine in front of me, and it was a great pick. So as a former server/bartender I knew that meant he really new his stuff. So over all I was VERY impressed. Amazing service. and will definitely be back and bringing friends.Definitely a must go if you're in town! Great atmosphere, amazing wine selection, and great food! Our server was personable and so friendly. If Ben is still around, ask for him, you won't be disappointed.i'm well overdue for a barceelona 1-star review. the vibe of this place is just eek, me thinks not. walk in and the hipsters are snarl at you for not being as cool at them. don't even get me started on the rude wait staff.
anyway, the food wasn't anything to write home about, barely enough to yelp about. the music was too loud and they keep the worst hours in the city. also, it was super cold inside, and the food wasn't even cooked all the way!Had a great time here! Tried a lot of good tapas, the octopus, scallops, croquettes and flourless chocolate torte were the best items! It is a very nice atmosphere with lovely staff. The manager, Mike, was very accommodating! We would go back!This place does traditional Spanish tapas very well--at reasonable prices, as far as Philly tapas go. I've enjoyed the jamón croquetas, pulpo, hangar steak, scallop ceviche, spinach y garbanzo cazuela, pan con tomate, as well as their jamón serrano and manchego cheese. Barcelona also has a nice wine list, and just try not to eat all of the warm, crusty bread they offer you before your food arrives. Plenty of outdoor seating, which is great in nice weather.This place has a great atmosphere and is great to come with a group. I love tapas and small plates and their selection is huge. Everything I've had there is delicious and so is the wine! If you come with a group and order a bunch of small plates it won't be a quick dinner, but sometimes you want that! Will visit again.Visited this new spot on a Sunday evening for a birthday dinner and was very impressed! The atmosphere was really cool - I loved the open kitchen and wooden bar. They had an awesome outdoor patio we were able to eat on overlooking passyunk avenue. The service was excellent and Or waitress was very helpful with cheese and wine selection.
We started with sangria which was good but maybe a bit watered down to me. We then had a cheese place which was amazing. They have a variety of options to choose from and all that we ordered were fabulous. We shared multiple tapas but the highlights were the patatas bravas and the ham and cheese croquettas. I wish we saved room for desert but will be sure to return!I eat here almost every week and it never disappoints. The wine list it's quite extensive and good quality. We usually sit at the bar and they have very nice bartenders.I was always hesitant about this place, but my fiancé and I just had such a wonderful experience here. Courtney was everything you would want in a bartender and did such a great job. Food was excellent and my Guns & Rose was super good. It's a nice space. It is a good, big (for a change) addition to the neighborhood. We will def be back often... recommendEveryone loves a good tapas bar and fortunately Philadelphia has a few good ones.  I was visiting from the West Coast and found this gem in South Philadelphia and the property is located on a corner with a great outdoor and indoor layout.  This isn't really a place for kids, great for dates and meeting friends. Service is very good, staff is friendly and knows their dishes and can give great recommendations.  I would say the only downside is the bathrooms are small for a place this size.  For food, I ran down chef created originals, Spinach & Chickpea Cazuela, great dish, needs something like a pita chip or something sturdy to eat with. Spiced Beef Empanadas, nicely done, simple and great shell. Gambas Al Aijillo, probably one of the stars, just fantastic flavor with the guindilla pepper. Beets with pumpkin seeds and grapefruit, what a refreshing dish...wonderful.  I actually dropped in myself prior to a flight, but bring a friend, you won't be sorry.My husband and I were looking for a new fun restaurant and we wondered into this place. The Sangria was flavorful and had a robust flavor. We started with Social Hour tapas and the had bacon and fig and shrimp tapas. Amazing! Marissa and Randy were great servers. We will be back.This place is absolutely positively amazing. They are truly committed to customer service. Reminds me of the Capitol Grille when it was owed by Rare Hospitality and not Darden as far as service go.  The food is great on top of everything else.