The Finest. Came back a week later because it was so good. The beef tartare appetizer was outstanding. Loved the hint of mustard in it. The lobster bisque was fantastic as well. The ribeye is so tender and pairs great with the bernaise. I'd skip the horseradish creme. It took away from the taste of the steak. The spicy broccoli on special was the perfect light side. We also tried the potato gratin, but were underwhelmed. The warm cookie dessert, though!! Washed it all down with the Blueprint Shiraz. James was my waiter both times - he spent the perfect amount of time at the table. Wasn't there enough to be disruptive, but never let a glass so empty. Super knowledgeable about how to describe the foods on the menu. Also love how trendy the atmosphere is here.This place was absolutely amazing!!! The atmosphere was incredible- a fun blend of modern and retro with low tables and love seats/chairs to sit in. The entrees are all a la carte but the sides are big enough to share! The 18oz ribeye is by far the best- it had the most amazing flavor! The truffle whipped potatoes are also definitely a must have. And no meal is complete without dessert and I must say- the only way to go is with the S'mores cake. It's a deconstructed s'more basically with a decedent chocolate lava cake with marshmallow and chocolate filling, and toasted marshmallow on top, and graham cracker ice cream on the side ( yes I did say graham cracker ice cream!). Take a spoon full of each part and prepare to be taken away to dessert paradise. 
The restaurant also has some cool features, say a coed bathroom? Yes this place does in fact have a coed bathroom!! You walk in one door and there are a line of doors on the right-hand side labeled L and M.... pick your door and there you go. What an experience! Also when you're steak comes they bring out a tray of at least 8 different varieties of steak knives for you to choose from. What a fun way to make eating a steak an exciting experience! I will definitely have to go back!Quite simply the best meal I have ever had. From the service, atmosphere and ambience to the wine paired with the food by the server, and finally the selection of knives brought out to choose from to eat our steaks. This is hands down my favorite restaurant to date and their take on the Philly Cheesesteak with foie gras was a revelation. Easily the best tasting thing I've ever eaten.  This place is universal for satisfying all parties and occasions. Thank you for bestowing such awesomeness on the restaurant world, Stephen Starr.  Bravo, sir.Food was perfect and the service was great.  Had fun laughing and tasting different wines.  Fancy place but felt comfortable celebrating a 40th birthday and being a little loud at times. :)By far one of the GREATEST restaurant experiences I have had in my life. Barclay Prime had the best steak I have ever tasted. The meat literally melts in your mouth. The macaroni and cheese is out of this world and the Halibut with truffle oil was MAGNIFICENT. If you want to try a little piece of heaven, save room for the S'mores dessert - TO DIE FOR.I went to Barclay Prime on Saturday with my fiancee and his family. My thoughts:
Decor/ambiance: like all other Starr restaurants, the decor and atmosphere was nice. The tables were well-spaced and the pillows in the chairs made for a very comfortable and relaxing dining experience.
Service: The waiter didn't introduce himself by name so when my future father-in-law asked, he was a little caught off guard and came back a little snarky as if it was a weird question to ask... but the waiter was nice and attentive throughout the night. Food came out quickly. Water wasn't always full but I never had to ask for it.
Food: Here's why I'm giving the restaurant just 3 stars. I thought the popovers and salted butter were amazing to start. I also enjoyed the apps. I got the lobster bisque which was velvety and delicious. Fiancee got the tuna tartare which was also pretty good. The entrees, however, were the biggest downfall. I got the miso cod (I don't enjoy steak) and everything was just overly salty that it was almost unpalatable. Most of his family got steaks which they seemed to enjoy, however, my fiancee and his dad got the same cut of meat and ordered it medium rare. One came out a little too rare and one came out more on the medium-ish side. For an expensive steakhouse, they should be more consistent.
Overall experience was good but I'm not really itching to go back anytime soon....From the time I opened the door til it closed behind us, this restaurant became my favorite in Philadelphia.  When it comes to fine dining in Philadelphia, I've had some great experiences and I've had some extremely annoying experiences.  The best will obviously include attentive service, amazing cuisine while the latter usually involves sitting too close to other diners at a kindergarten table yelling over their incredibly assinine conversations.  
So the usual over priced finger food on small plates and euro trash tag alongs to the side were instantly transformed into a phenomenally cooked filet and incredibly prepared sides like creamed spinach and kobe beef marvels to start with.  The wine was perfect and I could actually hear what my girlfriend was saying during dinner, and I became a happy man.
For some restaurants in this town, giving me what I want seems to be an incredible hassle for them and I apologize in advance for the inconvenience.  Although remember....I am paying YOU afterall....what could I possibly be thinking. lolI took my son for his 18th birthday. He wanted to be ushered into manhood with some steak and swank. We dressed very nice since it said classy, but they don't enforce it...guys in baseball hats...sigh...so much for swank. We sat in the library which was very loud and the couch seating was uncomfortable.  As for the steaks, I got the porterhouse and my son got the bone in filet. Both steaks were cooked to perfection. However, they were way, way over salted... to me a good steak doesn't need anything on it. Why would you over-salt dry aged beef? The sides and starters (tots, whipped potatoes, lobster bisque and the bread were great). The service was good, as well. I just wouldn't go back, esp. for the cost... far better places in the area.If you're willing to drop some cash, Barclay Prime lives up to the billing. We had some massive amounts food including a huge hunk of steak that made my Uncle's eyes bulge and provided enough food for two meals. A non meat eater even raved about the sliders and the bevy of side dishes has something for every starch lover. You may leave with a lighter wallet but are well compensated by a full belly.This is the kind of place where Don Draper and Roger Sterling would go for an expensive two-martini lunch. Or perhaps Don would secretly meet here with a free-spirited brunette adultress before going home to Betty. It's all very masculine, dark, and sexy, like a library for dudes who like bourbon and expensive meat.  Don Draper would not bring Betty here.
The food was amazing. I had the Kobe and it was cooked to perfection. The Kobe beef sliders as an appetizer are an absolute must, and all the sides delivered as well. I remember some fingerling potatoes with garlic, shallots, and bacon (!?). The wine selection was one of those really long and overwhelming ones. Luckily we had a good waiter who suggested a bottle and he was right on. At least two people were taking care of our needs at all times without being overbearing.
When it came time to choose our own knives ,we were so excited by the selection that he let us keep and play with them all. Thanks, dude! 
Don Draper, I'll see you there.Pro: fantastic food. Great bread (popovers) and the meat is cooked deliciously and tastes so very fresh. The veal portion is enormous and so very tasty. Tuna tartare puts many sushi restaurants to the test. Mashed potato sides were good. 
Cons: price. Omg the price. It's nice to go with a large group because then you can get sides that only cost one or two more bucks each. However, keep in mind this place is $70+ and more if you like to drink!My favorite cuisine is STEAK. Thus I've been to so many steak houses that I know Barclay is a great place to go. it's classy but it's chill and thus is a great place to enjoy a meal. the appetizers we're pretty good but not amazing. then I ordered the 115 dollar Wagyu beef and had some pretty high expectations (given I've been to japan and countries in Europe that serve amazing Wagyu beef) but it did not meet my expectations. It was good but not worth the 115 dollars. however my boyfriend ordered the fillet mignon and that was amazing. one of the best I've ever had. thus I think it's good to go there for traditional steak but nothing imported such as the Wagyu steak. also, they're dessert was pretty good - try the creme brûlée !Appetizers and sides ruled my visit here.  
Kobe sliders were good.  Tuna tartar was fresh and delicious.  Lobster bisque was out of this world.  Salads were average, maybe even below average.  
Steaks were less-than-amazing, which surprised all of the people in my group.  None of us had been to BP before but we're all steakhouse "veterans."  The steaks were all absolutely charred on the outside while being correctly cooked on the inside for the most part.  The rub they slathered the steaks in was odd, as well.  I appreciated that the NY strip was grass fed organic, and that was apparent in the flavor of the meat, but the bitter charcoal exterior really detracted from the natural flavor of the meat.  This sentiment was echoed by all of my party.  
The more traditional steakhouse goers in the group did not appreciate the trendiness, feeling it tried putting an institition like American steakhouses into a prettied up, club-like atmosphere.  I didn't echo this as I enjoyed the wood walls and modern tables and chairs.  
The mushroom side was AMAZING.  I'd strongly recommend.  The tatertots were not that great.  The asparagus was fresh and perfectly cooked.  
The wine list, my favorite part, was standard for a steakhouse.  Lots of big cali cabs and little else of note (outside of the 82 first growths like Cheval Blanc for $7400).  We settled on a $250 bottle of Plumpjack Cab that was fantastic (if carrying the steakhouse standard 200% markup).  This was probably the best part of the meal.  
Interestingly, the women in our group liked this place far more than the men here.  They said they appreciated that it wasn't so manly.My husband and I were excited to go to Barclay Prime. It was very nice, very dark,(I actually used a candle to read the menu). We had to wait at least 5 minutes before a waiter took our drink order, we started off with excellent appetizers. It was very loud, this one woman was so obnoxiously loud and had way too much to drink (for the price you shouldn't have to experience that). We ordered the steaks, which were cooked perfectly, but way over salted , the sides were also way over salted and overcooked.  But of course I didn't say anything and payed the bill, we will not make that same mistake twice. My husband was also up all night with heartburn. It's a shameIf the Brady Bunch hit the jackpot and hired an interior designer, their house would resemble Barclay Prime. And that's a huge compliment in my book.
The two areas of the restaurant don't totally mesh, but they're both awesome. When you walk into the bar area, you'd think Barclay Prime takes itself fairly seriously--there is dark, rich wood and a library feel to it. The only nod to the whimsy of the dining room is the retro black and white floor (which I loved!)
Walking into the dining room almost feels like walking into a separate restaurant. It is light and airy, with comfy 60s/70s low olive green couches and chairs paired with more modern-looking marble tables and fancy crystal chandeliers. I'm used to being scrunched into tiny NYC restaurants, so the table felt spacious and roomy. 
But onto the food:
Raw Bar: We had a sampling of seafood, and all of it was pretty much the best ever. Tasty lobster, GIANT shrimp, and oysters that made me love oysters (I didn't love them previously).
Sides: Truffle mac and cheese was the clear winner. I could have eaten it as an entrée. Everything was delicious, but the other standouts were the whipped potatoes and the brussel sprouts. I wasn't as crazy about the creamed spinach as everyone else here seems to be.
Entrée: I had the Ahi Tuna, which was very, very good, but in retrospect, I wish I had chosen the crabcake.
Dessert: I tried a little bit of everything (don't judge--we were a big group!), and my favorite surprised me. I LOVED the warm cookie, which was actually sectioned into sugar cookie, chocolate chip, and oatmeal raisin. The seasonal cheesecake was topped with apple, which was a strange pairing. The Barclay was a hit at our table.
The service was generally impeccable, as you can imagine. The only flaw was that there seemed to be an oddly long lag time for wine, even though we ordered well in advance. We sat at the table at several points with nothing to drink. But other than that tiny blip, dinner was magnificent, and I hope I'm lucky enough to return!Downtown location with a nice mix of vintage and contemporary decor. Food is expensive, but very good. We came for the steaks and were not disappointed; the sides (sauteed mushrooms and truffle mashed potatoes) were delicious. The ability to choose your steak knife is a novel twist.
They forgot our oyster sampler appetizer, but made up for it by offering complimentary dessert. They got my wife's martini wrong twice, but immediately fixed it. Our server was very personable, and offered a great suggestion for brunch the next morning. Might have been five stars without the snafus, but the staff covered well.I came here when my mom came into town and wanted to take me out to dinner, as I probably wouldn't spend so much on a meal myself. But it was definitely worth it. The service was great and the food was very good. The complimentary popovers are AMAZING. As it's a steak house, the steak was obviously perfect, but what I would go back for is more of those popovers.Best steak ever. I really love Sullivan's but my steak - prime ribeye - was flavorful and soft. Again maybe the best steak I ever had. The man had Chilean sea bass and it was done perfectly. He even says maybe the best he ever had. Pop over rolls were delicious - eat while hot. Mac and cheese side was awesome. Tator tots are worth skipping.  The man does not like cauliflower but even HE enjoyed it there. Nice twist with the sauce and not over done. The artichoke side was also good. Waiter was awesome and very knowledgable. Atmosphere of being in a library was very funky. Unisex group bathroom was a little hard for the man to get used to (think Alley McBeal). The smores dessert and latte were awesome!!! Save room for that dessert if you can.My favorite steakhouse in Philly, and maybe on the whole east coast...
The ambiance is amazing - it feels like sitting in the library of a cool modern home. The food is out of the world - from popovers, to the creamed spinach side, to the steaks themselves. And finally, the service leaves nothing to be desired, while passing over all the pretentiousness you often see at NY steakhouses. 
Side note for female steakhouse-goers from my wife: this is not a steakhouse that will make you feel intimidated with a bunch of red-faced overweight men rambling on about 20-oz ribeye. I split a 12oz filet with my dining partner, and the staff was nothing but accommodating.In short: I expected much better for the price. 
Several people in my group had their steaks cooked incorrectly, which is pretty inexcusable considering what you're paying. The experience wasn't terrible, but it in no way lived up to the hype.Excellent local alternative to the standard steakhouses (Mortons, Ruth Chris, etc.). They have a $120 cheesesteak - best sandwich I've ever eaten. Also the Tomahawk Ribeye is amazing but note that it is meant for two people to share.Definitely pricey and the place is high on pretension but you can't argue with the results. Highlights: Rib eye, porterhouse, truffle mashed potatoes. Service is excellent, they even let you choose your own steak knife. If you really want to drop some serious coin, try the $100 kobe beef cheesesteak (which comes with a small bottle of champagne). If you're with large group, split 6 ways as an appetizer. For a cheaper taste of the kobe beef, go for the sliders.
But definitely focus on the rib eye and porterhouse for steaks. Don't be fooled. There is excellent food behind the trendy buzz.In Center City, within a five block radius, if you're looking for a meaty meal you've got your pick from roughly ten steakhouses. Some are good, some are not, but one is best.  In my opinion, none do it as well as Barclay Prime. 
If you've never been inside picture you're a pawn on the chessboard of a game being played in the study of a very rich, very mod book collector whose favorite colors are sunny yellow, pea green, and buttercream (evident by the leather upholstery), who hints at his eccentricity by dangling a half-dozen crystal chandeliers and throwing around a few zebra-printed rugs. 
The menu is not large, but it is mighty. Mighty good. Fat cuts of filet, marbleized ribeyes, over-sized succulent shrimp, lobsters as big as your head, salty pearls of Osetra caviar with mini blinis, chopped egg and house-made creme fraiche, garlicky greens, and creamy or crispy potatoes. And an impeccable staff to serve it all.Had no reservation, but was seated quickly. The most memorable part of dinner were the "Kobe" sliders and the tartare. The atmosphere was modern and classy. Perfect for impressing clients, albeit overpriced.I had my birthday dinner here. We had a round of appetizers consisting of scallop, calms and oysters. But the foie gras was definitely the star in the appetizers. It was so rich and buttery.
For entree,  I had the 28 day dry aged porterhouse steak. It was my first time having the dry aged steak and it was absolutely delicious. Dry aged steak has it own unique flavor. It had such a strong funky aroma and taste. It was cooked a bit med rare although I asked for rare but that's okay. We also ordered basically all the sides. And the tater tots was definitely the best. It had a dense and cheesy texture. 
The best part of the meal was the service. Our waitress was very attentive and entertaining! Definitely made the whole dining experience so much better.Has really changed. Waited 40 mins for a table when half the restaurant was empty. Service NOTHING like used to be. Really poor. Then had so many leftovers and only gave us steak and NONE Of the four sides we had. Really disappointing.Love the Kobe beef sliders.  They are so good.  I've only been for dinner twice because it is so pricey.  Thankfully you can order apps in the bar area so I can enjoy some of the more affordable items on the menu.My husband and I just went here for his birthday and it has been my favorite steakhouse in Philly so far. The food was delicious. We had beef tartar for the first time and I really liked it. We both had filet minion which had the perfect amount of salt and melted in your mouth. You get to choose your steak knife which I thought was a fun feature. The sides we had were the tater tots and truffle Mac and cheese. One of the best Mac and cheeses I have had. Creamy and earthy.
The service was outstanding! Melissa was our server and she was my favorite server I have ever had. So nice and very knowledgable! 
Overall an amazing experience.I'm not the kind of girl that would usually go to a Steven Starr restaurant, but when my friend offers to foot the bill, I'll give in to curiosity and check it out.
Barclay Prime is all hype.   I agree with Blake S. on the interior design - it's horrifically campy.  It tries far too hard to be edgy (if you've been to the bathrooms there, you know what I mean) and ends up just being mediocre and boring.
Why am I giving it one star?  Because not one but TWO of the steaks at my table had to be sent back.  I ordered mine Medium and recieved it  Well Done.  It was completely brown the whole way through.  My friend (the one who was paying) ordered his steak Rare and got it Medium.  My second steak came back as ordered, but his was basically a slab of raw meat--I'm talking beyond rare.  Like they put it in the pan for five seconds to sear the smallest outer layer and then gave it to him out of spite.  The third member of our party had a perfectly prepared kobe beef steak (medium), and we envied her all night.
This kind of screw-up is abominable at any steakhouse, but at a place where you're paying $75-100 per head, it's inexcusable.  
If you're going to go, definitely spend the extra $$ for the Kobe beef - it tastes exponentially better than their other steaks.  The sliders are a great appetizer, too.   - but you can get those at other restaurants in rittenhouse (like Alfa) and they taste just as good.I was not impressed. After reading all the reviews I was very excited to go. The Kobe Sliders and Lobster Bisque were incredible so I was very excited to get my Porterhouse which was highly recommended. I was very disappointed. It was like a salt lick and no taste to it. I have had much better. The $10 sides were mediocre at best. The amount of money you spend you should expect the best and I certainly did not get my money's worth. Our serves was no help at all. I would go back for appetizers but never for a main course again.As I continue my pattern of only coming here on other people's dimes, I can say with pride that Barclay Prime reeks of opulence. A comfortable and spacious lounge area immediately at the entrance provides a nice segue into the spacious main dining tavern. Luxury and comfort is not sacrificed in the pursuit of upscale: the couch style seating provides you with much needed support when hounding down copious amounts of meat and alcohol. In addition to your typical steak house fare, novelty items on the menu include a $100 wagyu and foie gras cheesesteak (not at all worth it). My only complaint with my night was the relatively empty scene on a Monday night. Maybe its the four years of living in New York, but its started to be discomforting to me when a place isnt veritably bursting at the seams...Picked Barclay Prime for our sole dinner on a quick trip to Philadelphia based on yelp reviews and we were not disappointed.
Grabbed a Saturday night reservation on opentable - lucked out and got one at a good time. Would recommend booking in advance as the place was pretty packed when we arrived.
Checked in 15 mins early and made ourselves comfortable at the bijou bar - barman was great, really quick service and within minutes I was sipping on something delish made with lemon, lavender & champagne...I was happy to see that the extensive wine list had some nice and unusual grapes on the menu as well as a decent by the glass selection (I like to hop around the wine list and not commit to one bottle).
Our table was ready bang on the reservation time and we were escorted through to the much brighter and more modern feeling dining room. Our 2 person table had a large enough surface area (hate it when there is no room for waters, bread, wines, flowers, candles, cutlery etc and the whole meal is like a game of chess) and whilst it was close to our neighbours we are used to an inch gap sometimes in NY so did not find this obtrusive.
Our server was right over dealing with our water option and providing wine lists and menus. We had picked the place for its steaks and whilst the bf was procrastinating about ordering the $100 cheesesteak I knew he was not serious - we did take a while discussing the merits of each of the steaks available.
Our server did not hurry us and instead took wine orders which were quickly filled and sent popovers our way - I had pre-warned him I don't eat carbs and he ensured that the bread guy did not try to tempt me. The bf did make lots of appreciative nods as he tried his.
For appetizers we both opted for the steak tartare as we are both fans and I am so pleased we did. The portion size was great, made up of small cuts of filet bathed in a rich dijon & egg yolk sauce with just enough sharp capers and red onion to cut through the richness. Some crispy onions and pea shoots on top complimented the dish. Easily in my top 3 of tartares....might even be #1.
For entrees we went steak all the way (although the fish options were tempting). The bf took a 16oz 28 day dry aged NY strip and I opted for the 12oz prime filet. I thought the 'pick your steak knife' selection was a nice touch - especially as the knife I chose was razor sharp (another pet peeve for me is dull knives). My steak came 'blue' as I ordered with a succulant and well seasoned crisp on the outside but with a cool and raw centre - it was a great peice of meat, perfectly seasoned and cooked just how I like it...sublime. The bf opted for a medium-rare cook and his steak came with a similar well seasoned crust but just cooked a little more allowing the fat to render and add heaps of delicious flavour.
We passed on the carby sides (knowing we wanted our appetites to be sated by the meat) and opted for creamed spinach and roasted brocolli. The spinach was nice but nothing special although I really liked that it was not swimming in cream or overly fatty but the real star was the roasted brocolli...it was super crispy and chared with just the right about of red chili flakes to pep it up but not kill the flavour. I was tempted to order a second serving.
Opted for coffees rather than deserts and were left alone by our servers to relax and enjoy our table for as long we wanted. 
The bill was not hideous - came out to about $300 all in, which I thought was fair given the quality of the food & drinks, great service and enjoyable atmosphere.This place was amazing! Took my date here for his birthday in April and everything was exquisite. Our meals were tasteful and the dessert was the best I've had in a long time. 
He had the 12oz prime filet and was left speechless at how good it was. I had the roasted chicken while we shared the truffle mac n cheese and potato gratin, absolutely no complaints.
The best was telling the waiter that the birthday boy was picking the dessert and them bring in it out with a Happy Birthday written on the plate. Good job paying attention!
Oh and you can't forget the choice of knives they gave us. That was fun :)
Definitely will be going back when I'm in the Philly area again!We celebrated our anniversary at this restaurant last night. Matthew was our sever, and he was EXCELLENT. Ask for him! We each had salads. My wedge salad was out of this world - definitely order it with the Russian/Blue Cheese mixed dressing. I ordered the American Wagyu. My husband and I lived near Tokyo for several years so we KNOW Wagyu beef. The American version was pretty good! It was cooked exactly as I ordered and, although it wasn't quite up to Japanese standards, it was delicious and better than I expected. My husband ordered the bone in ribeye, which had a gamier and fantastic taste. I might order that next time! We enjoyed the truffle Mac n cheese and the tater tots. I think next time we might order the Mac n cheese and a green instead, but only because we like green veggies and I bet they're great at BP! We loved the pop over rolls they served. It was the first time my husband had a pop over (he's not from the area), and he ate his, mine, his second, and part of my second. I loved the sea salt butter -- it was a great compliment to the roll. To finish, we ordered the warm cookie with ice cram. Oh. My. Gosh. GET THE COOKIE! It's actually three cookies in one, and it is AMAZING. To drink, we ordered one of the large containers of fancy beer :) We spent about $250 (before tip), which we felt was fair for the quality of food and service. Our reservation was for 7:15, which seemed to be the right time to beat the crowd. The bar area looked like a great place to dine as well.This steakhouse is truly incredible. First, the high level of service is tough to beat; the staff is always attentive to your needs. This reminds you of a different era. Second, the steak is absolutely succulent and delicious. It is the best steak I've ever had. This is paired with great side dishes and decadent dessert. If you want to treat yourself to a celebratory meal, would highly recommend. In terms of the atmosphere, Barclay Prime is a very comfortable lounge environment. The seating is on couches and couch chairs, and it is seating that you just want to sink into. The location is great, right on Rittenhouse Square. Do note the lighting is very dark to create an intimate atmosphere. Overall, would highly recommend. If you are looking for steak, and not on a budget, definitely the right choice!My fiancé and I went to dinner to celebrate it being six months until we get married.  The dinner was the best we have had in Philadelphia in a long time.  The service was impeccable and we had a great night.  Looking forward to going back again!Food, wine, & service were all great.... Kobe sliders are the best!  The steaks are one of the best in Philly (it's "sister" restaurant Butcher & Singer also with the other best Philly steak)... The prices are high, but well worth the food & experience.....the $100 cheesesteak is overrated (foie gras & truffles).....Everything about this place is just AHH-MMAAHH-ZING!! Fantastic elegant decor, top notch service and the food are phenomenal!!  It is pricey - yes ... but this review is not about their prices.  I let my husband worry about that ... haha ...
But yes ... other than being a little pricey, everything else are just perfect.
My husband first took me here for our wedding anniversary.  We had a really nice, intimate and romantic dinner.  Then we came back for his birthday with a group of friends.  We had a blast! That said, this place is good for an intimate romantic dinner for lovebirds, but also has that comfortable-vibe to hang with your friends.
The two time I was there, Barclay maintains their superiority in all aspects.
We had the oyster ... I can't eat oyster.  I just can't swallow it ... just eeewww! But my husband said theirs was really good and fresh.  So there.  I take his words on reviewing the oyster here.  I had the bone marrow which was so delicate and tasty.
They also gave us this complimentary bread.  I don't what it's called exactly.  But it's some kind of their home-made bread but not really a bread as it had layers similar to a croissant.  It was warm, flaky, soft and buttery. 
I had the dry aged NY strip, and my husband had the Australian Wagyu steak ... both steaks were cooked medium rare perfectly.  Both steaks were tender and juicy.  But the wagyu ... it just melt in you mouth!  Seriously, it didn't feel like I was chewing a meat ... more like chewing jelly.  It's THAT tender!  For the sides, we had creamed spinach, mushrooms and potato gratin.
The tenderness, the flavor ... everything was just beautiful! 
But oh my dear Yelpers ... I am sorry to tell you that I didn't feel this much love for their Cheesesteak.  My friend ordered it and I had a bite.  Yes it was good ... but it's not worth $100 to me.  I just didn't see the beauty in this, nothing to rave about.
Now let's talk about service ... as I said, it was TOP-NOTCH! Everyone from the hosts, hostesses, and servers were all polite, friendly and know their stuff.  Our server, both times, were wonderful.  He suggested wonderful choices of wine pairing with our food, they answered to all our questions concerning the menu ... and ohh, did I mention about choosing your own steak knife?  Yeah, so the server would bring out a set of steak knives for you to choose one!  I never had any experience like that.  So choosing my own steak-knife, I felt like a "samurai" of the day ... hahaha .. it was definitely unique and fun in it's own way.
At the end, it's been an all around excellent dining experience. 
Definitely, positively, highly recommended place to try!This place is delicious. When my fiance was trying to convince me to move from NYC to Philly with him, he took me here, and it worked. The filet mignon was incredible, as was everything else. Big portions of delicious food with a more fun ambiance than your typical stuffy steakhouse. I really enjoyed it, will be back soon!Was this the best restaurant experience of my life? Probably. Everything was absolutely perfect.
Came here for my birthday a couple of weeks ago. Delightful waitstaff. 
We started off with a couple of cocktails, both trying two of their specialty cocktails. They were unique and delicious and used some fascinating ingredients.
As I've recently become a huge fan of foie gras, I ordered the appetizer which was easily the best foie gras i ever had. It was served with a grape jam and mashed peanut topping. Incredible. A taste explosion, really.
We ordered steaks - me the ribeye, she the new york. both cooked masterfully and just wonderful cuts of meat. Thick and juicy, what else do you need? Tried a new bottle of wine - recommended by our waiter that was just perfect and did not try to upsell. Had a side of the au gratin which were cheesy and delicious and the wife had the best creamed spinach either one of us had ever tasted.
But oh those popovers. They were flaky and cheesey and warm and served with this awesome tasting butter. So fantastic. Double up on those popovers. They're that good. 
Had a chocolate cake thing for dessert that was, not surprisingly super sweet and smooth.
An all around excellent experience. This is the kind of place that motivates you to be successful. Some lucky people have the opportunity to eat at places of this caliber often, and if you are one of those, I am jealous! For those of you that dine at places like this rarely, it's worth it. If you only get out to a nice restaurant once a year or once every five years, you won't be disappointed. And for those that are intimidated by fancy restaurants: don't be.  We are not "fancy folk" and we were made to feel very welcome and comfortable. A+++Not worth it! Service with an attitude, good but not great food, and at $300 for two people I was hoping for a lot more.The best "real" steak in Philadelphia!  Not cheap, but very good prime cuts.  I took my wife here on our anniversary and had a great time for about $200.Holy Cow! (literally!!)
FYI: The entrance is very discrete and easily missed.
I absolutely adored the decor in this restaurant.  It was like an old English study with dim lighting and a loungy feel.  The walls were lined wtih book shelves and books haphazardly arranged to make it appear natural. 
As much as I love food I cannot wrap my head around these prices so I consider myself fortunate that I was invited here for a work party.
To say I was blown away is an understatement.
First off the service is second to none.
For the table we had several orders of :
Oysters (both types offered) , lobster, crab, giant shrimp from the raw bar, kobe sliders, HUGE scallops and the $100+ cheesesteak (was sliced like a hero and served as an appetizer)
I have to be honest, I am normally not a fan of cheesesteak (faux pas for a Philadelphian I know!) but this was unbelievable!  It was so moist and had so much flavor and was a very unexpected surprise to my taste buds! Yum Yum Yum!
Steak for dinner: Satsuma wagyu NY strip kyushu island
This was the most prciey steak on the menu ringing in at over $100
Never had such an expensive steak before and it was mind blowing!
Melted in my mouth!  If you can afford such pleasures I recommend it!
The table was also filled with every side order on the menu.  Though I was highly  preoccupied with my steak, I sampled the spinach (good), mac n cheese (good), potatoses (wished I'd saved the room for more steak!).
For dessert:
Toasted chocolate s'mores
Ahhhhmazing!  Especially if you have a sweet tooth like I do.
It is very decadent.
I Look forward to more work events here!Best kept secret is their Happy Hour!  Good snacks and drinks!Disclaimer: If I could, I'd give 3.5/5 stars, however I thought 4 stars was too laudatory.
This restaurant is a lot of sizzle, and a good, not great steak. The ambiance is interesting with a library-feel and couches instead of traditional chairs. My biggest complaint about this is that the couches slide around, a lot. While they are comfortable and certainly interesting, they are on wheels, so every time someone shifts his or her weight you move.
As for the food, I went with a small party on an expense account, and the food was good, not great. I started with a hamachi crudo that was unmemorable but certainly not offensive by any means. I also split the scallop appetizer with a friend and that was probably the best thing that I ate over the course of my meal.
I ordered a porterhouse medium-rare that was supple and cooked to the right temperature, which was great, but was profoundly underseasoned. 
Additionally, the sides were of remarkably uneven quality. They touted their truffle mac and cheese as one of their signature dishes, and it tasted like salty truffle oil and butter that was very much separated, and I'd much prefer a box of Annie's at a 10th of the price. Their tater tots were really exquisite, I would recommend them to any diner. Their potatoes au-gratin were good but nothing special, and their brussels sprouts were good, but also underseasoned.
Their desserts were very good and I would say a redeeming part of the meal. Really among the finer desserts I've had. 
The staff is helpful, but a bit pedantic, probably because I was a younger guest, but to be fair they were considerably nicer after our party made our orders. You get to choose your knife which is a novel concept and definitely has a "wow-factor," but I wanted the same knife as one of my party members had picked, and settled for my second choice knife because I could not figure out how to broach that subject without sounding like an ass.
Overall, this is supposed to be the best steakhouse in Philadelphia, and my steak and sides were underwhelming. I've had better steaks consistently at Butcher and Singer. I was told by a friend that a porterhouse at Barclay is not a "good order," but to that I say "a top quality steakhouse should put out a top quality steak." I would go back again voluntarily provided i didn't have to foot the bill, and wouldn't object if a friend told me to meet them there with knowledge that I would split the bill, but I'm certainly not eager for the day I return. 7/10 for what is supposedly a 5-star establishment.Trendy restaurant with exceptional service and food. Our waiter was by far one of the most attentive we have had in fine dining experience. My husband and I started  with the $98 caviar - which although small, blows your tastebuds away. We then went onto the foie gras appetizer, which I think was around $30 and very tasty. My husband really wanted to try to the $100 cheesesteak (which turned out to be highly overrated and overpriced). You are much better going with the steak here - our mouths were gushing seeing some of the freshest steaks going to nearby tables. For the price and difference in the look of the foods, you are much better off going with a fish or steak dish. I got the salmon - very flavorful and nice sized dish - very good pricing. This is definitely a pot my husband and I will visit again soon!!Don't miss the Cheesesteak experience! Absolutely amazing! The popovers melt in your mouth....The ribeye was the best steak I've ever eaten. Period.  The service was spot on and the whole place just shines really.  It also feels more comfortable than some other high end places.Best steak in philly. If you can swing it order a strip, split it with your companion, and get the lobster. Most amazing lobster ever. Poached in butter, served warm with butter and lemon. No work, no mess, soooo worth it. All the sides are amazing! Make sure you get a popover, the salty butter is mouthwatering. Don't come here if your being economical or watching your waist. For those who want to splurge it's perfect!I was in Philly for the weekend and I love steakhouses! I had to try one I haven't been too so Barclay Prime was my choice.  We had a 9:15 reservation and we were a few minutes late but there was no issue. Service was impeccable...wish I remembered our servers name because I would give him props! 
We ordered the west coast oysters, shrimp cocktail, split a wedge salad, sea bass, and a medium rare filet that was cooked to perfection with martinis. Only thing I would mention and probably shouldn't was the bartender didn't have the perfect pour when it came to martinis...but that could be that I watch too much bar rescue and make Martinis at home so only filling a Martini to slight over half a glass is a no no to me.. But back to the good stuff we ate everything happily including their famous warm popovers...a must have. We passed on the  dessert because we were full beyond belief but they gave us salted caramel truffles with our check that completed the meal. If you want a steak house that is not stuffy and dated and the food and service is great this is a great place to go!My boyfriend and I came here for our 4 year anniversary and this place gave us a great experience. We came here not expecting too much because it was our first time. This place definitely blew our minds because the service was amazing and the food was phenomenal. We ordered the tomahawk steak, where we shared, wagu sliders, 1/2 dozen east coast and west coast oysters, and brussel sprouts. The steak was very delicious, it was medium rare and the outside was a bit char and the inside melted. The wavy sliders were great. The oysters were my favorite. I'd recommend ordering the west coast oysters over the east coast ones because they have a stronger ocean taste. Lastly the brussel sprouts were good. They were pretty simple, but they were a good steak chaser. I totally recommend this place for a special occasion and if you want to splurge on good food and want to live the lavish life.Place is entirely cliche but in a great way! Food was delicious, amazing quality and cooked perfectly. Portions were huge, too big for myself and my husband (who's a giant human!), but such a non complaint. Lovely dining room. Insanely good waiter. Incredibly expensive (we did drink A LOT though). Go for a special occasion or date night. You won't be disappointed.Great food, great booze and great service. Truly one of the best steak houses on the eastern seaboard!Delicious food, great service, nice atmosphere. Drinks were fabulous and the popovers are amazing. The $120 cheesesteak was one of the best things I have ever eaten.I don't like the steak here, but I used to come pretty frequently for appetizers and dessert. But, after my last experience, they've lost my loyalty. 
Usually when I'd come for just dessert, I'd sit in the dim bar area. Sometimes I'd have a full meal with several apps and once in a while I like to sit in the brighter dining room. This last time there was a convention so it was a little crowded and there were no tables available in the bar. I wanted to have appetizers and dessert. I'm a small woman, so that's actually a lot of food for me. But, I was told that I couldn't sit in the dining room if I wasn't having "dinner." I don't know how they define dinner. This place is pretty expensive, so a couple apps and a dessert could easily cost $100, but I guess if I don't order the mediocre steak, it doesn't count? Let me point out that the dining room wasn't full. They just decided they didn't want me eating there that day. Well, that's fine. I won't be coming back. 
Regarding food: 
- Deep dish cookie dessert: spectacular! The one thing I'm going to miss
- Seared foie gras:  very good, but poorly presented with fennel and a lack of a sweet contrast
- Crab cocktail: very average, a lot of crab but standard sauce. 
- Mashed potatoes: not memorable
- Sliders: dry and flavorless. 
- Ribeye steak: terrible. Medium rare comes out burnt and bitter on the outside. I had to cut off a layer charcoal. There are a lot of steak places in Philadelphia with more flavor in the meat (Ocean Prime & Ruth's Chris come to mind) and they have better customer service.I wish I can give them a 3.5 stars..but 3..will do. 
I love the set up of the whole place and the fact that it was much more modern and hip in comparison to some of the other pricey steakhouses in Philadelphia. The steaks (ny strip & filet) were beautifully cooked. The apps were delicious and the love triangle cocktail was just the right amount of sweetness. I probably wouldn't waste the money on sides again though. The mushrooms were decent. Tots and Brussels sprouts were below par. Truffle Mac and cheese would have been great if there wasn't a piece of hair in the middle of it.... 
Overall, I definitely would come here again. I think it was just an overall bad night..or unlucky for us. Besides the hair in the Mac, one of the waiters from another table actually dropped food on my friends shoes..he was holding way too many plates! Also for a high end steakhouse, I think finding hair is pretty gross. Even though the waiter comped us for that $17 Mac n cheese...a round of drinks to say sorry would have been better on top of the side...By far the best Restaurant I have visited in Philadelphia lately.  Food and drinks were excellent,  service was good, decoration was elegant, sober and nice.From start to finish superb...crab cake app, sea bass, filet, truffled Mac and cheese, dessert - pricey but well a great value for the quality of food and service!Great dining experience at this restaurant. The decor is elegant and I loved how we were given a choice as to which International knives to choose from for our steaks! I highly recommend this restaurant if you're in the Philadelphia area.Food: 4.5
Decor: 5
Ambiance: 5
Service: 5
Value: 4
Amazing atmosphere, service, and quality. Definitely worth a happy hour visit.Super upscale steakhouse :) 
I went here for a friend's birthday party and I think all 10 of us loved our meal.
TRY:
Australian wagyu filet - yes. it melts in your mouth. 
Truffle mac & cheese 
(i had a beet salad to start the meal but it was ok...nothing special. sames goes for tater tots and truffle whipped potatoes as sides)
SERVICE:
Excellent! Very polite and professional service.
AMBIANCE:
Looooooove their atmosphere here. Super classy and hip at the same time. 
and it's always nice to walk across the street to the Rittenhouse and walk off that 10000 calories you just consumed. LOLCame in here today with the intention of adding the Kobe beef sliders to my burger collection.I always say the service at these upscale places are second to none,so that isn't an issue.I decided to read the menu and that decision cost me a few extra dollars.I chose to "take the gloves off " and order a steak.I love the cutlery they bring out before the meal it makes the experience "extra fancy".The steak was just about perfect,tender and very nicely seasoned.Ilove the steak at Smith and Wollensky but I have to admit this one is a better cut and better tasting.I was looking forward to the Kobe beef sliders so maybe I will come back tomorrow.In my opinion this is the best steak money can buyThat's the most impressive dinner we had in Philly. The tajima ny strip was out of the world, in New York, that piece could easily get double priced. Smoked bacon is also heavenly. House special filet wrap was an O-kay. Decor kinda odd, an old elegant ceiling with deli-like tables and chairs, a whole wall of books. For foodies, the food means everything though. I am looking forward to going back. I am planning to eat up that 16 oz piece of goodness and bacon mixed with mashed potato all by myself!!! lol :) :PAmazing, low key, classy place. Loved being able to pick my own steak knife! Worth every penny. Get extra order of the popover bread!It comes with a steep price tag, but the food, ambiance, and service are all top notch. Everything from the complimentary pop-overs, to our appetizer--wagyu sliders--to our steaks, to the dessert--chocolate lava cake--were nothing short of culinary perfection. An excellent venue for special occasions or to just pamper yourselves, Barclay Prime is absolutely worth it!Not worth the money you spend!
I usually love Stephen Starr restaurants but this was by far my worst restaurant experience ever!
Lobster bisque was one of the worst I've ever tasted. 
The beef tar tar had way too many onions/shallots in it to even appreciate the flavor of the beef.
The 15oz. Veal chop lacked any kind of delicious veal flavor, it was like eating an overcooked pork chop -- not what I want to spend $47 on!
The NY Strip was ok, but frankly, I could have cooked it 10x better at home and for 1/5th the price.
The truffle mac n cheese tasted as if a whole bottle of truffle oil was used in just our one portion, inedible!
Not only was the food not good, the service lacked too! I've had better service at an Applebees!
I will never go back there and I suggest you don't waste your money on it either!
Very disappointing.Friend's father treated us out for dinner here, definitely the best (and most expensive!) dining experience I've had.
We got beef tartar, scallops, and oysters as starters. I'm not a fan of oysters, but everything was delicious. I ordered the 24 oz. porterhouse, and other members of our party got filet mignon, the NY strip, and lamb chops. We got asparagus, whipped potatoes, and creamed spinach on the side. Make sure to get sauces (the house steak sauce is great) for the steaks! I don't think this restaurant can make anything wrong.. everything was so exquisite and delicious.
The service was great, though our waiter was a bit lengthy in explaining the menu--there's no need to go over every item on the menu, sir. Another plus--they have a entire selection of steak knives to choose from. How awesome is that?Absolutely amazing!  The minute you walk in you know you are going to get a fantastic meal!!!  Loved the lower seating, couch feel, dim light atmosphere. Just spectacular!!!  The food was incredible and Matthew P. Was the best waiter. Choose your wine, knife and enjoy the best meal!  This is a must!  An experience you can not miss!I have dined here several times with the same experience.... Absolutely amazing.  From the ambiance to the food to the staff five stars!!!! Everyone should give Barclay a try at least once...to me service is just as important as your meal and sincerely speaking its a tie... the service is second to none and the food will melt in your mouth...not to even mention the terrific drink menu ... any weight or a waitress that I have had at this location has been so informative and knowledgeable about every slice of meat to every piece of fish down to the silverware which you get to choose by the way for cutting...cant say enoughSoooo good. Celebrated my boyfriends birthday here and can't wait to go back. The Truffle Mac and Cheese is to die for. Steak practically melts in your mouth.We visit this restaurant for the steak reputation and did not dissapoint us. We had the filet mignon and the gachot & gachot ribeye that were well prepared and tasty. I love foie gras so I ordered one as an appetizer but it was over-cooked.  For our side-dish we ordered a potato gratin but had so many cheese that it was swimming in it and was not appealing. In overall the steaks were great but not my other choices.Perhaps the only Stephen Starr restaurant where it isn't completely obvious that you're in a Stephen Starr restaurant.  Typically the Starr formula is 50% decor + 30% food + 20% service (not that there's anything wrong with that... if you know what you're in for) but BP, like Morimoto, is more evenly balanced.  
Great Steak-house meets 70s library decor, with big comfy seats... a little too big if you're looking for close conversation across the table, but after several pounds of beef and wine, that recline is some sweet action.  I've been four times, and the steaks themselves have always been phenomenal... pick any, you can't go wrong.  The kobe sliders are also amazing -- I might actually consider getting a few orders as my entree.  And yes, without question, get the tots.  As for the infamous and brilliantly marketed $100 cheesesteak, don't order it as an entree, it's too rich, and you'll probably feel cheated -- unless someone else is paying (which is, incidentally, highly recommended).  But if you're in a group, get it as a starter, and think of it as an experience -- plus that way you all get the absurd story-telling rights.Love it. Nice service, delicious dessert and waitresses are always friendly.Probably, wait no, definitely the best steak I have ever had.  I have brought family that run restaurants and even they were shocked.  I don't know how they cook those steaks, but I'm assuming it involves a chef surrounded by an altar with lots of candles somehow channeling the spirit of the juiciness into his hands.  It's that good.
Any of the dry-aged steaks will make you very happy, and VERY full.  You won't be leaving this place with space for more.  You'll leave with a stupid smile on your face and head directly for bed.  
Not only the steaks, but the sides and appetizers are amazing as well.  The lobster bisque and steak tartar are highly recommended.  As for the sides, you can't skip the caramelized onions and mashed potatoes.  Definitely the potatoes, it takes the steak to another even crazier level.
Wine selection is great as well.  Note though: Make sure to reserve early if you plan on going on a weekend or any other special date.  Also, it isn't cheap.  You should expect to at least spend $100 per person here, but its worth it.The chips were stacked against it with those high prices and Laban's 2012 demotion, but this was the best steakhouse experience I've had in recent memory.  I expected a stuffy environment but the dining room was beautiful and the service was casual but attentive.  The filet was absolutely perfect.  I expected the potato gratin and brussels sprouts to be throw-away sides but they were both delicious.  I usually won't order a s'mores dessert but it was really worth ordering here.  The scallops and branzino were both delicious but comparably less memorable as beef is definitely the star here.  It is a splurge when you're company's not paying but the value is definitely there.i decided to hit this place up again after some convincing that i had been dead-wrong about my opinion on this place and that their bone-in filet was not to be missed. boy am i glad i kept an open mind!
holy cow you have not lived until you have had the bone-in filet at barclay! it was ridiculous. beyond delicious, perfectly med rare and for the first time in my life i was more into the meat than the potatoes (what can i say, i'm a carb junkie). it was so good i am embarassed to say there was nothing dainty about how i devoured almost all of it. i wasn't brave enough to retry the lobster bisque (heh) instead i opted for the crab cocktail (enormous, perfect chunks of ice cold fresh crab) which was the perfect start to the meal. also want to give shout outs to the extra dirty martini which was fabulous and the service which, far different than my previous experience, was impeccable. nice work, barclay, living up to the hype!I must begin by saying that I'm still blissfully delirious from the amount of food I fiendishly consumed at this culinary beacon. Maybe the best meal I've ever had. Now on to the good stuff !
Dinning at Barclay Prime is an experience that will not only reward your palette but your memory. I went there with three other friends, and as soon as we breached those golden doors, I knew it would be special. The first thing you see is a pretty young lady checking you in, then you are seated in probably the most comfortable dinning swatting ever by another pretty young lady. I don't know about you, but that's a perfect way to start a meal off. 
One of the unique things about Prime is that if you're a returning customer, they keep information on your preferences and the like to personalize your experience. Our server for the evening was witty and knowledgeable. I didn't even bother reading the menu, I just allowed her to give us the menu tour as if we were listening to a good bedtime story only with some of the best food you'll ever eat as the protagonist. 
The rolls were amazing. Buttery, spongy and crisp. I knew from there I was about to be impressed. And we literally ordered 80% of the menu. The Kobe sliders were as good as advertised. Again, butter crisp brioche bun elevated by the perfectly cooked patty. The gnochi with the lamb sausage...find a better cooked gnocchi, I dare you. With the mild and flavorful lamb sausage, I knew the smile on my face was going to be permanent.
Both tartars, the tuna and the Kobe, were melt in you mouth delicious, although the Kobe version was my favorite of the two. I'd have no problem eating copious amounts of either. The olive oil in the Tuna was flavorful and pleasing in it's own right. 
Even though the bacon wrapped scallops weren't on the menu, the version we received were good, but I'm not a big fan of foams and all that gastronomy. Good nonetheless. Still, the pork belly accompanied by that butternut squash purée was the epitome of pork deliciousness; I could never be Muslim after that. Tender, fatty, smokey, heavenly. I feel like I forgot something from the appetizer round but I'm sure it was good as well.
For the main event we ordered the butter poached lobster, twi 28 day aged  NY strips, crab cakes and the infamous $100 Kobe cheese steak. In addition we enjoyed, the Mac and cheese,with the panfishes, morels and carmelized onions, truffle mash, tater tots, au gratin, creamed spinach and my personal favorite, the spatzel with it's lighted pillory goodness and roasted garlic flavor. I'm having flashbacks right now....
The steaks were perfectly cooked, the lobster was a an example on how to use butter perfectly. And apparently these lobster this night were flown in from somewhere between nearAfrica and South America were the lobsters are supposed to be the best in the world.
If anything the Kobe cheesesteak was too much. The foie gras and the truffles were too strong and rich for my liking. I didn't eat more than two bits as to not overwhelm my palette. If you have the chance to order a $100 cheesesteak do it for shits and giggles but nothing more.
I'm not a desert person but the apple butter biegnets, the penna cotta with the strawberry/ rhubarb soup were great but at this point I was stuffed like a piñata. I even needed an expresso to stave of the onset of my food drunkenness. 
Throughout out this well choreographed food excursion, we sipped on Brooklyn #2 which yielded the best first sip of beer I've ever had. My glass was never empty from there on out. The manager even stopped by our table to check in on us. 
I can't say anything more about this place.  Honestly, for a unforgettable experience I'd put Prime against any place in our fair city. I'm officially sprung.We stumbled in to the dim, sexy, and black leather-clad bar, sans reservation, on NYE 2013. It was my boyfriend's first time at Barclay. After our meal, he proclaimed it his new favorite restaurant in the city.
28 Day Dry Aged 16 Oz. NY Strip - 5 out or 5.
We opted for the medium rare preparation without any of the sauces. Believe me, the meat is so flavorful you won't want, or need, to augment it.
Truffle Mac & Cheese - 4.5 out of 5
Whenever I dine at Barclay, I always get the side of Truffle Mac. The black truffle is always so pronounced, earthy, and mesmerizing. The first time I tried this dish, the experience was "roll-your-eyes-back-in-your-head-and-sink-back-in-your-chair" good. This time, I detracted 0.5 stars because the pasta was a little too al dente, or firm. It could have cooked for a minute or two longer and would have been perfect. The cheese was oozing and the perfect accompaniment to the cellentani (large, hollow, corkscrew) pasta. 
Beef Steak Tartare (Hand-Chopped Filet Mignon with Dijon Sauce) - 5 out of 5
My boyfriend ordered this dish and we both agreed that the texture, acidity, and creaminess were in perfect balance. While I had a small bit of doubt about ordering raw steak, I was amazed at how flavorful and silky the steak tasted. The crostini was nicely prepared thin and toasted with some seasoning and oil. I would order it again!
Hamachi Crudo - 5 out of 5
Fantastic. We loved the light marinade and the crunchy noodles on top. This dish was simple, elevated, and addictive.
Overall, Barclay delivers--and then some. It was lovely to spend NYE there and we look forward to going back as soon as another special occasion arises!Went here for the first time for my fiancé's birthday and was extremely happy with the service and food here. The steak was cooked perfectly at medium rare, a great feat considering most places botch this up even at this level of restaurant. 
The soft shell crab app was probably the best cooked soft shell crab I've had and I almost always order this if I see it on the menu at any restaurant. The lobster bisque was good but the little amount of caviar they put in there was ridiculous. They might as well not have mentioned it in the description. 
Deceptively undescriptive under the side dishes was the delicious spicy broccoli rabe which would make a vegetarian happy to enter a steakhouse. The portion was larger then what most steakhouse would serve for veggies. Their truffle whipped potato was good but it doesn't compare to the one I've had at Mr. and Mrs. Bund in Shanghai which was even lighter, fluffier, and creamier.
As for the drink, I just had the seersucker and it was pretty good. The waiter later told me it was the staff favorite before they decided to put it on the menu. Beware b/c it's one of those creeper drinks.dear god in heaven this place is unreal. 
Last night I had one of the greatest meals of my life here.
Why was it so amazing you ask?
Was it the 2 glasses of Macallan 18 I had before the meal?
Was it the Kobe beef sliders or the scallops wrapped in bacon on top of fried green tomato?
Could it have been the truffled mac and cheese with bacon or the truffled mashed potatoes?
Possibly the 4 bottles of wine from the amazing (but way over priced - $80 for a $15 bottle) wine list?
I'm thinking it could have been the 24oz dry aged porterhouse with lump crab meat on top?
Maybe it was the nueske bacon aka crack on a plate or the potato nachos.
Possibly could have been the 28 day dry aged NY strip I tasted...or one of multiple insane deserts.
No. Wait!
It was not having to pay for any of it - god bless expense accounts!
My meal here was by far one of the best meals I have ever had. The steaks were beyond perfection. everything was cooked perfectly and the service was amazing. 
This is definitely a special occasion place unless you are Juwan Howard from the Blazers who was sitting next to us.