I really don't even consider going anywhere else for a cheesesteak. I have, on more than one occasion, eaten here for lunch and dinner.
I regret nothing.Barry's is definitely a contender.  Not quite as good as John's Roast Pork, but definitely at the top of the contender list.  Much better than Dalessandro's which is right nearby.This place is the best Cheesesteak in the Manayunk/Roxborough area.  It is hidden away, so it might be a little hard to find, but it is well worth the trip.  I ordered from here using Grub Hub a few times and I came to visit once.
Two of my favorites here are the Ringer Cheesesteak and the Western Grilled Chicken.  I normally get it with light BBQ sauce and it is just enough for me.  It is absolutely delicious.  I try to split the Ringer with my friend so I can eat a Grilled Chicken too - if I end up eating the whole Ringer, it is a little too much for me to handle.
They make larger fries, so I don't order them because I prefer smaller fries... but that just leaves me more room for the real food.
Unfortunately the one time I came to visit, their "internet" was down, so I had to pay with cash instead of my credit card.  So that was a bit annoying, but some other Cheesesteak places only accept cash anyways.
I would have given 4.5 stars, but I decided to round up because it has been my favorite Cheesesteak place here in PhillyWe have been ordering from Barry's since the beginning. No matter what we have ever ordered, we have never been disappointed. And the delivery service is fast. Delicious Italian hoagies, California burgers, Cheesesteak hoagies and chicken fingers! Waiting for a delivery now!I had a mini cheesesteak with grilled onions and cheese wiz. The steak needs more flavor but it was juicy. This place doesn't seem as popular as the other cheesesteak places but can definitely compete with Jim's and Pat's. I enjoyed the cheesesteak but nothing wowed me.From the owner to the lady that took my money I loved loved loved them and my specialty Ringer Cheesesteak was awesome!!  I'd recommend them to anyone...I will be back soon!This place is a gem. As far as cheese steaks go - the best I've had in Philly. They deliver to my house - always on time and always delicious. Delivery guy is always super chill. Only reason it's not 5 star is because its just a cheese steak joint. 4 is the ceiling for me. No knock on Barry's though. Good job.How have I lived in Roxborough for 6 + years and I'm just eating here? My boys love sitting at the counter and chowing down on their cheesesteak and fries.  The service is fast and friendly and clean!Went here a couple weeks ago and ate in. I usually go to delassandros . I got the mini cheesesteak and it was really good. I like that they have smaller sized cheesesteaks because the regular ones are usually way too big for me. Service was what you would expect at a place like this. Our waiter wasn't particularly personable but he did his job. The prices were very reasonable. I did not realize they delivered so I will definitely be trying that next time.Oh Em Gee. I lived in Andorra for the past ten years and have never gone anywhere besides delassandros for cheesesteaks. I decided to give Barry's ago after hearing about it from some friends. I don't know if I'll ever end up back at delassandros. Amazeballs.My husband and I were traveling and found Barry's on Yelp. It was very clean, had free parking and a great menu! We both loved our sandwiches and Barry's own soda!! Prices were good!OMG!!! A friend of mine took me here and I thank  him so very much!! Bless his heart,lol...I have lived in the Manayunk/Roxborough/Andorra area for years and never knew of this place which is freaking sad! It was always Chubby's or another place which the name escapes me right now. My friend got the ringer which he let me try and it was soooo good,i got a spicy steak (sorry guy's I can't think of the name if it but it might have been the southwest steak)  I just know that it was good as hell! I had to slap my friend for that good ass food! Nice staff and not a long wait...almost forgot about the onion rings they were kitty and piping hot and crunchy! Thanks Barry's!This place is a true stroke of genius.  I've only been in Roxborough a week but I've eaten here nearly every single day....their steaks are the best I've ever had and I've been in Philly for a decade.   The only small criticism I'd give is I wish they put more salt on the meat, but hey, I can sprinkle that ish myself.   The bread to steak ratio is fantastic, they chop their meat correctly, everything is fresh, and every bite has that beautiful juicy cheesy rich taste that you look for in the perfect cheesesteak.  That kind of bite where you just keep going "UGGGH how do they make them SO GOOD??"  Seriously, AMAZING.  Long live Barry's!!!!When I recently moved to Roxborough I had no idea how lucky I was to end up on the same block as the best cheesesteak place in the area.
I quickly found out that while Lennies is the go to place for cold hoagies, Barry's is the go to place when you want to turn the temperature up and have a hot one.
The cheesesteak selection is very good, I really fell in love with their cheesesteak with gravy, it gets four Yums, yum yum yum yum
The service there is great, always friendly, nice community atmosphere which is challenging bring next to a bar. I always applaud great customer service and a round of applause is well deserved for Barry's.
Stop in and grab a bite, it's well worth it.This is my go-to spot for cheesesteaks when I have a craving or when out of towners want a good experience. Great bread to meat ratio, not too greasy. I have especially grown fond of the Alpine cheesesteak - has Swiss and brown gravy, so it's kinda like poutine but on a steak sandwich. The beer battered onion rings are my fave and I love grabbing one of the homemade sodas - sarsparilla all the way!!all appalachian steaks, all day. i never knew gravy could do such magical things to a steak and i'm wiser now.Fair and kind of expensive.  Mini pizza steak with fried onions ended up to be $9.75.  Can get a large somewhere else for that kind money.Absolutely LOVE Barry's steaks!!  My husband and I have been living in Roxborough for about a year, and after reading the other review decided to give it a whirl.  Their steaks are always delicious; juicy, fresh, and incredibly filling...lol.  The owners are absolutely lovely as well!Gave Barrys a try the other night after hearing they had good steaks. I was not disappointed. Cheese steak was nice and thick. Steak fries were on point. Not greasy at all. We will definitely start making this one of our regular spots.Local Roxborough/Manayunk favorite.  Personally I tend to prefer the burgers but the steaks are also right up and together with Chubby's and Dalessandro's they form a trio that pretty much blows away anything coming out of South Philly.  Heavily recommended!Another great cheesesteak spot in the Roxborough/Manayunk area.  I wanted to try somewhere different for lunch and so I looked on Yelp for some local suggestions. I found Barry's Steaks and saw that they had a Yelp Check-In deal where you got a Mini Cheesesteak and Barry's Soda for $6. Sold! I ordered my food and went to pick it up- it was done in 15 minutes and I had plenty of time to eat on my lunch break. The steak was juicy and the caramelized onions on top were sweet and savory. The size of the cheesesteak was perfect for lunch. I also want to mention that the girl at the register was great- she was super friendly  and helpful. Even giving suggestions on what Barry's soda flavors were the best. This means alot when visiting an establishment. I will definitely be back!I ordered a cheesesteak w f/o and the mild wings. Cheesesteak was very good and the wings were crispy and cheap. Prices are very reasonable and the service was excellent. I will be ordering more food from Barry's.Absolutley amazing cheese steaks! The service was great and there was a very small wait for our food. The pricing is great as well. Very relaxing atmosphere. Will Absolutley be going back.Honestly our favorite cheesesteak place!  My hubby just tried the Alpine cheesesteak with gravy & swiss and really liked it!  Great bread, fair prices, and the people working there are always nice and friendly!Quick and delicious. Subs and onion rings all the way!  The prices are very reasonable.  Nice little hidden neighborhood place.  Cute 50s style diner-ish set up on the insude.this is my favorite steak place in Manayunk/Roxborough. Fast delivery if you want it, great service inside, and great food to boot. I strongly recommend their french fries.Give it a four out of five. Had a burger the other day and it was OK at best. Food is good for the most part but not the best. Place needs an update inside.I've never really had a "bad" cheesesteak but you know when you have a really good one... Better than Pat's or Gino's, or Jim's.  
In the Roxborough area, slightly ahead of Dalessandro's and Chubby's .
Pudgy;s in montco can't hold a candle!
For me it's a tie with Steve's prince of steaks in northeast Phlly.Barry's has the best cheesesteaks in manayunk/roxborough area. My boyfriend eats at this place easily 2-3 times a week and even though I find that excessive I have  to agree it's delicious. I love that the mini is only $5 but still large enough that I can barely finish it. You can get pick up or delivery and they have a good variety of toppings to choose from. We always get the onion rings too because they are some of the best I've had.Came down to Villanova for work. Yelp said Barry's was the closest to our location.
So glad we came here. Service was warm and friendly and the cheesesteaks were fantastic!!!An amazing local cheesesteak place that's definitely a hidden gem. If you want amazing food, a short wait, and homemade soda to boot- definitely come to Barry's. Everyone from the person taking your money to the person who answers the phone is polite and professional. Having grown up in Philadelphia, I can't believe it took me so long to find this amazing spot. Not to mention the amazing free parking around back; will definitely only be going to Barry's from now onBy far my favorite place for a cheesesteak in Manayunk. Prices are great too. Delivery is pretty quick! Their sausage sandwich is delish!Def one of the better ch stk places in Philly  and my go to in roxborough... Food is always consistent- I can't stand when u order from a place and food is awesome and it makes u want it again so u do and it's dif from the last time in a bad way.. U can't go wrong ordering from Barry's!Gotta love Barry's. Aside from the traditional cheesesteaks, they offer some unique and delicious options to shake things up a bit. My personal favorite is the ringer. Overall, good service with good food!Great Cheesesteaks and I love that they have steak fries!! Sooo good! I would definitely recommend checking them out. I have tried a few different steaks on the menu and am never disappointed.I just want to say thank you to my neighbors for telling me about Barry's.  We recently moved to Roxborough and have tried all of the steak sandwich places.  We even ordered delivery from Tony Roni's (terrible cheese steaks),  None come even close to the quality and quantity that Barry's offers.  Delivery came quick and hot.  I got a cheese steak with american, fried onions and pickles.  The steak was pouring out of this freshly baked roll.  A roll that is above all rolls in Philadelphia.  It was not an amoroso roll, it was something better.Cheesesteak deserves a best of philly.  Equal to it's local winner Dalessandros and depending what you get better.  Less of a line, better parking and a friendlier staff.  Love the mini - perfect size.  If you haven't yet...give Barry's a try.It was pretty good. Maybe would be better if I didn't wait 20 min to take it one and eat it. Oh yah, the free parking was the best!3.5 stars, rounded up, due to the option of either cheddar or cream cheese filling with the jalapeno poppers, very quick delivery, solid pricing, and quality food.
The Quatro Formaggio Steak is definitely one of the best I've had in Philly.  Huge, too!
Veggie Melt was very generous, even for the mini size...and it cracks me up that you can add meat to it :*-)
The poppers seemed hand rolled.  Though the cheddar filling was WAY too salty.  I'd definitely try cream cheese next time.
But, the point being, I'm looking forward to next time!After living in the area for quite sometime, it was an appropriate hour to check out this spot.  Dedicated solely to cheesesteaks I ended up going with their most ordered one according to GrubHub the larger ringer: which features Colby jack cheese, two to three onion rings and BBQ sauce.  I got it with a side of steak fries which happened to steal the show.  The steak was great but fell short of being the best in the area with so many legacy shops.  Might go back and try another one of their creative designs.This is my favorite cheesesteak place! The staff are super friendly, and they have one delivery guy who is a true national treasure. Delivery is always hot and fast. The restaurant itself is also very old school Rox retro. They have some really yummy speciality cheesesteaks, including the alpine (swiss cheese and gravy) and the ringer (golden bbq, cheddar jack, onion ring). Original cheesesteak is also very good. Unlike some cheesesteak places (cough anywhere near south street cough) this place is about quality food, not hype. Check out Barry's, you will not be disappointed.Been eating Barry's since the early 90's . Quality is just as good today as the day they opened. Best cheesesteak hoagie around.A local steak shop, which is exactly what you want. The cheese steaks from this place are epic. Better than the big name places, where their meat is just dry from them having to precook their meat to keep up with demand, do you really want that? Get fresh. Get local. I recommend you get Barry's if you are in the area.just when I was about to give up on cheesesteaks someone recomended this place .... tried a steak here and i'm a believer again when I get a hankering for red meat sliced in a great roll (For those of you that do not know... the bread( IS KEY) mushrooms FRIED ONIONS this is where Im going!!!! Yay for BARRY'SAmazing cheesesteak. Love the food here. Highly recommend the ringer cheesesteak. I always look forward to this place when I come to Philly. This is a must try place.Awesome awesome awesome! Best cheesesteak in the city. Delassandros is closer to me and Barry's is hands down the better choice. Love this place!I came here during an afternoon derping around in Manayunk. After a trip to Sweat, I was ready for something substantial. First lesson you will learn going here about Manayunk - hills. Lots of them. At this point in my Philly existence I've come to realize that steaks are pretty much all the same. The real defining factor is the quality of the beef and roll that they use, and Barry's doesn't skimp on either one. The staff was kind enough to let me leave before paying to find a fee-free ATM, because I hate ATM fees more than SEPTA. +1 star for their understanding.One of the best Cheesesteaks in Philly.  Clean place and friendly service. Large free parking lot behind.Went here for the first time on Sunday (back in september of 2011). Took a look at the menu and seen interesting names for some of the specialty steaks and such. I ended up getting a South Philly and this was one of the best steaks I've ever had. Staff was friendly too.Today, I tried the Chicken Ringer mini and it was delicious! If I were to get it again, I would ask for a little less bbq sauce. But other than that it was great!Happy to report that steak fries are back! Praise be to Jebus! They are so good and crispy! I like to eat them with ketchup! Have you guys tried that? If not, do so immediately and thank me in your prayers!The best cheesesteak place in Philly! Plus, easy call ahead ordering and plenty of parking. They even have specialty steaks like the Ringer, with bbq sauce and onion rings. Good fries too. Roxborough's best kept secret!Barry's is simply the best. I order from here all the time and have never been disappointed. Everyone who works here is extremely friendly and they are QUICK. Thank you for such consistently awesome service Barry's!!Was her for lunch on Saturday being I was stuck in Manayunk for my wifes hair appointment. One of my co-workers who used to live in Roxboro would always talk about this place. I decided to give it a shot. I walked inside from the FREE parking lot, Bonus. I was immediately excited being as soon as I walked in the place smelled of stale cheese steak and fryer oil. I know that might sound strange but it is obvious this place has been here for a while and does some buisness.  I ordered a cheesesteak with fried onions and american and the cajun fries.. The steak came out in record time and was piping hot. Big diced onions and tons of melted cheese. The fries came next. The steak was absolutely perfect, well seasoned, chewy roll and plenty of cheese.  I would rank this up there with Johns and Chinks. Honestly. The fries while well seasoned were curly and kind of limp. A big letdown being i love curly fries. I had an orange creme soda with Barry's logo on it and I was out the door for under $15. The perfect saturday afternoon. Kind of off the beaten path but well worth it.Had a mushroom cheesesteak with provolone cheese and I have to say it was tasty. I will order from them again. I'm super happy they deliver because that was the deciding factor when deciding to try a cheesesteak place in this area. I was not disappointed.I used to really like Barry's because they were one of the few eating establishments that actually served steak fries.  On my most recent visit I had a cheeseburger, hot dog and a side of fries. The burger and hot dog were top-notch as always but the fries I got were your basic, everyday, straight-cut fries.  What a disappointment.  Please go back to steak fries, guys!I called to order a chicken cheese steak and the guy told me they stop making chicken cheese steaks after a certain time. That ridiculous coming from steak shop.Came to Barry's because Dalessandro's was an insane line out the door- and we wanted cheesesteak! This place was not even close to as crowded, has a parking lot in back, and quiet enough to not have to tell to your friends across the table. I had a regular cheesesteak with a house made Barry's Diet Root Beer (10/10 would recommend) and a side of fries. I could only eat half of my food but it was great.My favorite cheesesteak spot in Manayunk, hands down! It has a cool old style long diner bar with stools as it's main seating option. I think it's takeout/delivery business is huge though because I don't always see people actually eating there. It's a perfect seating arrangement though if you're eating alone. 
You get thick steak fries if you get a cheesesteak platter. I'd order directly through them instead of via GrubHub as your order gets done faster.WOW! What great customer service and friendly staff they have! I was not expecting this at all. I would say this is a more local-friendly spot who definitely take care of their customers while they are dining in. Food came out quick, they were attentive to our needs, and at times they cracked jokes and talked to us a bit. 
There are plenty of choices on the menu other than cheese steaks. I personally went with a hotdog with bacon on it and a regular pepper steak. For the price that they put it at, it was very very filling. This place will not disappoint.I hadn't tried a Philly cheesesteak since D'Alessandro's which I wasn't a big fan of.. I love the  old school, hole-in-the-wall feel to Barry's. We went on a Saturday night for a quick bite. Goodness gracious was it a quick and very delicious bite of their cheese steak and beer battered onion rings! The service was quick as there weren't many dine-in customers at 7:30pm but the takeout line slowly began to form after we sat down.
We had ordered the fried pickle but I guess the guy didn't hear our order. I'm glad we didn't get it because the meal was filling already. The self-serve hot peppers and variety of hot sauces also made it that much better.. 
I'll definitely be back and bringing more friends to try this delicious place.Hidden away in a quiet neighborhood in Roxborough, Barry's serves a delicious  gem of a Philly cheesesteak. I normally  go to D'alessandros which is nearby. I love their cheesesteaks too but they don't have fries and today I was in the mood for fries with my sandwich.
I recently tried another well-known steaks place called Tony Luke's, but I did not like their cheesesteak much at all because the meat was not thinly sliced and chopped like a good cheesesteak should be.
So, having heard that the owner of Barry's used to work at D'allessandro's, I said why not, let me give this place a try. 
The cheesesteak meat was juicy with melted american cheese mixed in and mushrooms and fried onions. One of the best cheesesteaks I've had in the Philly area and I have tried a lot of them. The fries were ok, nothing special but at least they had fries. Oh, and the place was not crowded at all with plenty of seating at the counter or at tables. Will definitely be  going there again soon!took son to get a few steak and cheese subs..very good..great old counter services..worth itI hadn't tried a Philly cheesesteak since D'Alessandro's which I wasn't a big fan of.. I love the  old school, hole-in-the-wall feel to Barry's. We went on a Saturday night for a quick bite. Goodness gracious was it a quick and very delicious bite of their cheese steak and beer battered onion rings! The service was quick as there weren't many dine-in customers at 7:30pm but the takeout line slowly began to form after we sat down.
We had ordered the fried pickle but I guess the guy didn't hear our order. I'm glad we didn't get it because the meal was pretty filling. The self-serve hot peppers and variety of hot sauces also made it that much better 
I'll definitely be back and will bring more friends to try this delicious place.Yes the cheese steak was very good. it was the queen but  Dalessadro's is the king. It was nice that my sandwich was ready in 5 minutes and I didn't have squeeze into a line with more meat then I care to think about. Barry's has its niche, convenience and good qualityAwesome spot. Honestly, this is one of best cheesesteaks around. Super affordable and good portions. My wife isn't the biggest cheesesteak fan and she enjoys the steaks here.Amazing food, got a hoagie and my mother got a BLT. My hoagie was full of meat and the BLT had a great bun and bacon! 
The server was very interactive and very personable, listening out for everyone and always moving. Nice little stop for good food and good people!Got food over the weekend, it was great ! Cheeseburger 10/10, steak fries 10/10. They even got Artic Splash tea :) Delivery was very quick. Just everything was great. Food was too good & I was too hungry to take pictures lol.This is not a 4 Star, but it was too good to give it a 3 Star. Bread was really, really good, and plenty of onions on the steak. The sammich could've used some more wiz but there was still enough to make it a solid meal. The steak wasn't up to par and that really is the only dis I have for this place. Also, the people were super nice. 
Barry's has a Delesandro's type feel with the sandwich (major plus) as the owner derives from that joint. I am one to advocate Barry's if you're ever in the Manayunk-Roxborough area.Absolutely love Barry's. Solid cheesesteaks and house made sodas! Add fries for $2 - nice salty steak fries very worth it! I've had the 'Ringer' which has an onion ring and BBQ sauce on the steak. The 'Italian' is my fave. Steak with provolone and prosciutto. Cheers!I've been here twice now and both times the service was pretty nice.  However, each time a friend and I were the only two customers dining in.  Seems that they get a lot of delivery orders as their driver was constantly in and out of the restaurant.  Anyway,  I had a mini cheesesteak hoagie which was really good.  Served just the way I like them.  They have several soda flavors in glass bottles, so be sure to check one out as they are pretty tasty.  There is a yelp chick in offer for a $6 mini with a drink, so don't forget to check in!Best steak in Manayunk. Way better than the 2 jokers on Henry Ave. And the fries are always crispy and hot when they deliver!This is going to bad news. I just moved nearby, seriously within walking distance. I ordered a couple things and both hit the spot! The chicken parm was a huge portion and very tasty. The service was very fast. My order was ready for pickup in fifteen minutes. I also tried their "rickies" - the raspberry lime one is delicious! It's super sugary though so be careful! Can't wait to try more of the menu.So Philly is pretty much the cheese steak mecca. We know this. But I am consistently shocked when people tell me they have never been to Barry's Steaks out in Roxborough. It may be a trek for those of you not in the immediate area, but it's a journey I'd be willing to take any day. There are a few reasons why I like Barry's: It's owned by locals so you get quick and friendly service, all of their food is made fresh to order (no steak sitting on the grill like at some other places), Barry has his own delicious sodas, and there are some interesting choices on the menu. 
They have everything a you could want in a steak shop and more. Even their chicken cheese steaks are amazing. They have the BEST chicken fingers in the area (the kind that are like crunchy crispy on the outside and so juicy on the inside). If you like cheese fries you will also not be disappointed. And their spicy fries are great. My friend says the little desserts located in the drink refrigerator are really great, although I've never tried them.
My favorite steak is called The Ringer, and it consists of a steak topped with onion rings and golden bbq sauce. I think it comes with Colby jack cheese. It's amazing.
I've been told that Barry was a cook at D'alessandro's for over 30 years. I think that if you typically go there, you should give Barry's a shot. It's worth the extra 2 minute drive.
They do deliver, but I think it's within a limited area. I used to live in East Falls and they wouldn't come to my house. They're also cash only. There's an ATM in the shop, as well as one in the Sunoco station across the street.Everything was perfect. Out of the 3 spots I've tried in the Roxborough area for cheesesteaks, Barry's is the best! The service was also the friendliest I've experienced anywhere in Philly. I went with American, fried onions and some of the yummy hot pepper relish they had on the counter. The bread was fresh and held it all together nicely. Also got a side of fries and they were amazing. I really can't fathom another place ever offering a better overall experience. Plenty of seating and parking, too! Forget Dalessandros and Chubbys, I will be a regular here.Don't get here often but will come here with my brother when I'm home visiting my parents in Merion. My brother lived in manayunk for year and discovered this joint. They have unique steak combos. My favorite is the Alpine cheesesteak with Swiss, mushrooms and gravy. The other steaks and pizza are great too. Friendly establishment and good service.Barry's was the back up plan to Delassandros. We called in our order, waited in the parking lot and threw on some jams. 
The order:
Home made root beer was similar to Stewart's.
Onion rings were think cut and just the way I like them. Not skimpy.
Mini Italian Cheesesteak with extra cheese was pretty good but the meat wasn't as much as everyone claimed it was. The roll fresh, nice. I wasn't amazed by this cheesesteak but I had no complaints. 
If I was doing a trendy tourist cheesesteak run it wouldn't be on my list. Philly is a cheesesteak snob city so now you know. It's just a decent place for a lunch with easy parking and quick in and out. They even gave us nice plastic plates, plenty of napkins. Saturday 3pm (prime lunch time) easy and our covid 2020 takeout was a fun carside picnic.Very good cheesesteak, parking, bathroom and plenty of room to sit. I like Barry's!! Roxborough could very much be the epicenter of the Cheesesteak world. Do people from Roxborough bleed cheese whiz!!!! Very good cheesesteak, definitely earned it's spot on Philly mag's 30 must eat CS's list.  How can't you like a place that has their own soda??This place is good for a sandwich or cheesesteak. I enjoy their chicken cheesesteaks, and their onion rings are delicious. I definitely do not recommend getting delivery. I only live 1.5 miles away, and the food took an hour and a half to get to my house despite Grub Hub saying it would take 45 minutes from order time to delivery. By the time I got it, the food was cold and sandwiches were soggy. Makes me wonder what their delivery people are doing for so long. However, when I go and pick it up, the food is hot and tastes great! Oh...did I mention they have homemade root beer?? So good!Love this place. It's fast, easy and they take my order over the phone and it's ready when I pop by 10mns later.