Me, wifey and mom in law decided on Bellini Grill for restaurant week. The best part: the ambiance. The ceiling is a complete painting of lumpy angel babies which is somehow romantic and relaxing. It's extremely intimate with tables that boxed in some customers so you get a booty in your face as someone is getting up. 
The not so best part: the food. Based off of the restaurant week menu everything was ok but something had to be off. Chicken parm was good....spaghetti wasn't chewable. Crab ravioli got the potential...gross green pea sauce alllll over my ravioli. The service wasn't horrible nor was the drinks. BUT I want to bust a grub at a restaurant so probably won't be going back.Amazing restaurant!  Everything the chef cooks and bakes here is from scratch.  It's a family business and Family is working at the restaurant. They hustle and work so so hard.  The food never disappoints and we as a family admire this family's work ethic and commitment to quality food.  The Wine list here has expanded as well and the staff knows so much about the wines.  Highly recommend!!!   Delicious-so!!!We came here on a Saturday after Christmas with a party of 12 at 8:00PM.  The place was jumpin'....25-35 year old crowd.  Reservations on a Saturday are definitely a must!  Small byob with murals on the walls and Sistinesque mural on the ceiling.  We arrived early and it was way too crowded to be seated so we had drinks at a bar a few blocks away.  The hostess was a sweetie.  She took 3 of our bottles and held them on the side so we didn't have to lug them around.  When we came back the bottles were on the table with the rest of our party.  You can usually tell how a restaurant is going to be by the complimentary bread and butter, which in this case was OK.  I had the antipasta as an appetizer and it was OK.  The marinated eggplant was interesting though.  Everyone enjoyed that.  The olives lacked taste... As an entrée I had the fettucini con gamberetti  ($15.95)  which was rock shrimp sautéed in a light cognac blush sauce.  Fettucini is a hard dish to cook and not many restaurants master it so I'm trepidatious in ordering it.  They did a pretty good job on it.  My only complaint is that it was a little too dry....definitely needed some moisture.  The shrimp got lost in the perfectly cooked pasta...meaning they were quite small.   I tried my mate's linguine con vongole which was pretty good.  Soooo all in all I would definitely say that this restaurant is OK.  I would definitely return to try other dishes.This place was fantastic for our large group (21 people). They helped us set up a customized prix fixe menu for our group which made ordering and check paying a breeze. The price point was lower than other BYOs I found in Philly. Our waiter, Brian, was awesome, attentive, patient, and funny. Even better, after we finished the meal, we were kind of mingling around our little corner of the restaurant, finishing our drinks, and the staff were kind enough to let us leave at our own pace. Thanks for a great birthday night!I came here a few weeks ago with some friends. Overall, I thought the food was ok, but I felt that it just wasn't worth the price. Don't get me wrong, I know that BYOBs tend to charge a little more because they have to make up for the fact that they're not making money off of alcohol sales, but paying $30 for my entree just felt like a rip off. 
I ordered their seafood pasta special which included large scallops, shrimp, and clams over a bed of pasta. It tasted pretty good, but I've had better. Also, even though it feels awkward, it would have helped if I would have asked how much the specials were because they were around $10 more than several of the other regular menu items I was considering, and had I known this in advance, maybe I would have been more satisfied with my meal. 
The friends I was with felt the same way about the place. Average tasting food and a bit pricey. One of my friends got the salmon special (around $30), and my other friend ordered the crab ravioli. We enjoyed the dining experience -- the waiter was very friendly, and we got a nice table by the window--but I don't think we'll be coming back.Should be rated much higher than 3 stars! Hopefully my review helps...great food, wine and service. Our waiter/manager was exceptional. I highly recommend Bellini.The one star I am giving is for our waiters wonderful service and their good bread. The lack of stars is mainly directed towards the way we were treated by the owner and the extremely overpriced corking fee of $240 (for having a few $9 bottles of wine!). My friends and I have been coming to Bellini for the past 4 years to celebrate various birthdays and special occasions because of their wonderful accommodation with larger parties, good food, and allowing us to bring our own bottles. This last visit was expected to be just like any other, until we were abruptly greeted by the owner at the door to tell us this is not a byob and hasn't been for the last 3 years (we've never heard this before). He continues to tell us we will be charged a $20 corking fee PER PERSON, which is insane. Not only that, but after waiting 40 minutes for our reserved table, as soon as we sat down, the owner came to our table to not greet us and apologize for the long wait, but instead to rudely tell us at this is a fine dining restaurant and to not get rowdy. I would certainly not classify this restaurant as fine dining. The food was not as good as it has been in previous years either. It was very disappointing to say the least to be treated this way. It's a shame, but we won't be returning.Dont come here for a group formal! The ambiance was nice and the staff was really great, but the food, at least from the set course, was absolutely terrible. The bread was less then mediocre, we all had caesar salads of varying amounts/different vegetables put in them and the main courses were just flat out disappointing. The cod I got tasted like nothing and though the staff was quick and happy to re-season it, most people did not enjoy their meals at all. The only decent thing was the dessert but even that was just okay.Restaurant Week trial, it was ok. Nothing stood out, nothing was absolutely terrible. I would not return, there are just to many places to visit. 
Service was back-asswards, appetizers came out first, then they brought out the salads. Entree was subpar, dessert was nice. One and Done.This is my go to place with girls for dinner at a BYOB before going out for the night. We can usually always get a reservation, even for a group. They are so nice and the service is always really great. The food can be hit or miss, sometimes I have had the best food ever and sometimes it has just been ok. However, I keep going back. Most of their desserts are really good also. Only problem is when I leave I am so full. I recommend it.Food was mediocre at best. Had the seafood pasta and it was overly salted to compensate for a lack of flavor. For the price there are many other local options that are much better. Service was average. The wine was the only thing that I was happy with.We had made reservations a week in advance and confirmed the morning of the scheduled date. Everything seemed 'good to go.' As we arrived (on time) at the restaurant, the host assured us that our table would be ready in fifteen minutes. He even graciously offered to hold our wine bottles while we waited outside. However, after thirty minutes of waiting, we were growing a bit anxious.
We inquired with the host about the hold up and he assured us it would be just another minute or two. At that point, we had already waited 30 minutes, what was an extra couple? At the 45 minute mark, we had asked for our bottles of wine back, and the host had the gall to "politely" refuse and said they were setting up the table.
After 50 minutes of waiting, I begrudgingly agreed to my friends' request to dine at the restaurant as their hunger-dom had overwhelmed them.
Being a party of four, I was appalled to see that we were seated at a make-shift bistro table designed for two people. To make matters worse, one of the seats was positioned in front of the shelf that held all the dishes and napkins and utensils. The staff constantly excused themselves to reach around the chair to get napkins--who does that?
The food was good (nothing spectacular but good nonetheless). The chef even came out and asked if we enjoyed our meal.
After dinner, as soon as our plates were cleared, the staff and host began to rush the smaller parties out the door as there was a group of 18 coming. It was a terrible experience.
In short: good food but not worth the hassle with the staff.Saturday evening pre-show 5:30 reservations for 6. Seated without waiting, ordered promptly and appetizers came out promptly and as always were very tasty. Salads were delayed . Waiter informed us there was a hold up in the kitchen so our entrees would also be delayed. No big deal, we were enjoying our wine and company. Main dishes arrived by about 6:45. Food was well prepared , sauces were well made, presentation was professional.
Here's the rub, we ordered coffee and desserts and as the waiter brought them out he informed us that the hostess was urging him get us to leave so others could be seated. I have never been asked to vacate a table. It was a silly thing to do since we had to leave in a few minutes anyway to attend a show and the delays were their fault not ours. Also be aware that a 20% gratuity is added to any group of 5 or more diners. So be careful, there are also suggested gratuities printed on the bottom of your check.
The food is very good, it's a BYOB, you will spend 25 to 50 dollars a person , the tables are crowded together , and on a busy night you may be asked to rush along so others may be seated. And don't double tip! It's your call.went for a surprise dinner.  had a party of around 20.  the 'host' or whatever he was wouldn't sit us until everyone was there, despite the fact that it was supposed to be a surprise.  he also was very rude and raised his voice with me because 'i didn't know how a BYOB works...people like to sit and drink after dinner.'  then what's the point of a reservation?  finally got our table, but then there were little fruit flies all over the wall by our table.  flying around our heads and open wine bottles.  kinda gross.  despite this, the food was half decent.My girlfriend and I came here for dinner one night, amidst a summer storm, and I have to say, our experience was rather....interesting.  After dodging the rain to arrive at the restaurant as quickly and safely as possible, I sat down and began scanning the menu.  The server was very animated and took our drink orders, so when he mentioned that they had a peach syrup they could mix with any drink, I settled on a peach lemonade, and ended up getting fettucine alfredo with shrimp for my main course.  We had both ordered a cup each of the mushroom soup, but they forgot to bring it (because our server got distracted), so I brought it up to another server who came to check on us, and he asked if we still wanted the soup--my girlfriend said no, but I said yes, so they brought it to me and I downed it!  Our original server came back over to our table and apologized for forgetting the soup, so as a token of his apology, he offered us a complimentary dessert--we chose the chocolate mousse cake....AMAZING! The aftermath?  Great food, reasonable portions, but there was a large group of people in the restaurant the same time we were there who were having a rather vulgar and inappropriate conversation.  The server apologized, but it would have been nice if those people had toned it down or apologized to us personally.First, I need to get my rant out of the way, every time I've been here with a larger party, we get seated in the Awkward Corner which is opposite the entrance. Booth seating runs the length of one wall, and at the far end there is a table for two stuffed behind a giant pillar. They love to set long runs right on top of this table for two, and the table at the end is wider meaning less room for the diners seated there. Once they tried to move the table behind the pillar and add it to our party to make an L shape, which made our seating extremely cramped and awkward.
Mention this, and you will get attitude. Come on, Bellini. You know it's awkward. You know it will make your diners pissy. Just stop it, ok?
The service itself isn't BAD, but the wait staff always seems ornery and fake-friendly. Expect a 20% service charge on a large party. Yes, 20% versus everyone else's 18% because clearly they believe they are 2% better. I typically tip 20% or more, but I'm a bit offended by this given awkwardness and fake-friendliness.
On to the food. Some of the dishes are very, very good. Homemade pasta? Yes, please. Panini for lunch? Heck yes. Salads? All of them are delicious. You can get a solid meal here without spending a ton of money. Shellfish is usually overcooked, so I avoid that (but to be fair to Bellini, most restaurants overcook their shellfish and I just cook my own at home now). Do go for the specials if they sound interesting, but beware the price markup because it can be steep.My meet up group visited this BYOB during Restaurant Week.. This restaurant can not  handle the huge crowds that event brings. It is too small , is no place to sit  while you wait  for your table .Ten minutes  after we were seated we were told not asked to move to make room for a larger  party.We were never offered an app or extra dessert for the move.The host was very rude with members of my party before I got there over some confusion about our reservation. The three course meal would have been nice had the soup 2 of us ordered was not cold and one of the meals ordered was wrong..What was offered was good another save  for this place.The corrected meal did not come back until most of my party were finished eating.The desserts also saved this disaster of night . The staff did  their best to cover for the rudeness of the host and the delays in the kitchen. This place was very noisy and  it made it difficult to hear  my party but I could hear the conversation of  the noisy  females at the next table. I really was looking forward to eating here and now I look forward to telling everyone I know don't botherI went here for restaurant week with a few friends.  We had a 4 course meal for $35 bucks each.  When we first got there we were greeted by the owner who took us to our seat in the little cute italian restaurant.  Our waiter came right over to open our bottles of wine (BYOB which is always a plus) and poured us all a glass.  Everyone of in my group got something different so we could all try each thing, I did not try one thing I did not like.  Definitely would go back!This is the second time my wife and I have eaten in this restaurant. The food was fresh, well prepared and tasty. I had a pasta dish this time and my wife had fish. The service was excellent. They offer great coupons.They do not deserve any star. Went there for restaurant week (extended) because of the menu we saw to celebrate my daughter bday. They changed the menu which was not informed until we were seated. I ordered steak medium and it came out well done. The guy who served our meal tried to tell me that is medium like I have never eaten steak before. Danny's does a better steak. My son pasta was hard. We return both meal but was still charged. The manager was too busy to even talk to us. The meal was about 80 dollars and we had to go somewhere else to eat. Our waiter was nice but what can he do. DON'T GO HERE !I went here with a co-worker last week for restaurant week.  We didn't have reservations but it was a little before noon and we were seated immediately.  If we had been about 15 minutes later, we probably would have had a wait, as they filled up very quickly.  The atmosphere of the place was nice.  We had a table pretty much to ourselves, so we could easily talk and hear each other.  My friend loved her shrimp bisque soup.  My salad was so-so, nothing great, but not bad either.   For the second course, I got the gorgonzola gnocci.  They were excellent.   My friend got the Fettuccine con Gamberetti.  She thought it was kind of boring, but really enjoyed it once she added a lot of hot sauce.  For dessert, I got the chocolate mousse.  All I can say is I wish I had some of it right now.  My friend got the tiramisu and also enjoyed it.  The service we received was great, very attentive.  I think I'll give it another try at another time when it isn't restaurant week.Came here last Wednesday with my friend for SIPS. The service was pretty awful. It took forever for anyone to come and check on us after we were seated so we asked a nearby couple if we could take a look at their SIPS menu. When the waiter arrived, my friend got a Yuengling and I got the calamari and the Margherita Alle Pere. The Margherita was delicious, but when the waiter brought it out it had a fruit fly in it (which I understand can happen sometimes and isn't the reason for my bad review). The calamari was pretty standard in my opinion. 
Throughout our time there, we both felt ignored by the waiters (as in we continuously were unable to catch their attention when they were right next to us and in our line of vision). Additionally, once when my friend was talking to one of the waiters he literally turned his body and started staring out of the front door in the middle of her sentence for what seemed like no reason. Pretty rude. 
Around 6:45PM, our waiter came by and removed our SIPS menus from the table without even saying a word and handed them to another table in the restaurant. This happened to be right before we wanted to order another drink. Also pretty rude. And afterwards, it took forever to get anyone back over to us so we could order another drink before SIPS ended.
Finally, when they brought our check, they charged my friend $4 each for two Yuenglings when their menu clearly said Yuenglings were $3. (And SIPS deals are always $3 beers as well). When we asked him about it, the waiter told us that they recently changed their menu and that the beers were supposed to be $4. He pointed our attention to the chalkboard sign outside which said $4 beers. It seemed like BS to me - your printed menu says $3, and the SIPS menu says $3, and when we walked in the door you asked me, "Oh, are you here for SIPS?", but then you charge me $4 because a chalkboard sign that you could have changed this morning says $4... that is not right.
We paid in cash and didn't bother with much tip as we really did not enjoy our time there. The waiter basically ran to the checkbook as we left which was highly amusing because no waiter ever responded to us that quickly when we actually needed them. Maybe they didn't deem us classy enough to be there (my friend and I are both grad students who came straight after lab with our book bags in tow). Anyway, if someone treats me like they don't expect a good tip, then they probably won't get one. So we didn't leave one. I won't be going back.A centrally located BYOB restaurant near Rittenhouse, Bellini is just yet another Italian restaurant. I wish so much that I can find an Italian place in Philly with just a bit of an extra spark, but so far... nothing. 
The place seemed better suited for an older crowd, and my group of rowdy MBA students seemed a bit out of place. This place would be great for a date or a celebratory dinner though.
There was nothing especially memorable about the dinner. The bill was over $35 per person, including a main for each person and a few shared appetizers. This is a bit more than what I would have expected to pay for mediocre food.Failing to get seats in other restaurants, we were walking in the pouring rain to find somewhere to eat. Bellini Grill seemed too fancy from outside but we walked in to a half filled restaurant and asked if they welcome walk-ins.  The manager/hostess was very nice and got a table for us right away.
The place got packed as soon as we were seated. It took them about 10 min to come by and take our orders. Food came out faster on other tables even though we ordered before them, which made all of us frustrated. 
Food was delicious,though. 
I had::Vitello alla Parmigiana -Freshly breaded veal topped with marinara and provolone over a bed of linguini
My friends had other veal dishes, pasta and steak - all pretty good. 
One reason why it had to be 3-star:: the owner(?) came by our table at the end and tell us that it's cash only because the credit card machine is broken. REALLY? They should've told us before! My friend had to walk out in the rainstorm to go to ATM nearby and take out cash...
Not sure if I'll go back, but if you exploring Italian food in Philly, give it a try.We have walked by Bellini Grill countless times and never popped in.   I finally decided to book on OpenTable and go for dinner with a friend who was in from out of down.  We brought a bottle of wine, and were seated at a lovely table by the window for some quality people-watching.
The food is phenomenal and it is a great BYO. I would definitely recommend for any occasion. They have a lovely, intimate environment, and the service was great as well.Had lunch today with 4 friends at Bellini restaurant which we all thought was very good. I arrived a little early and the restaurant was busy...good sign. Since my friends and I hadn't seen each other in a long time it was going to be a long lunch and so we brought some wine (it's a BYOB). Can't wait to back for dinner.It was nice that the restaurant allowed for custom pasta creations.  The food wasn't horrible, but the linguine w/ clams it was too salty and some of the clams had sand in them.  I would stick to meat sauces, but you do happen to be there.  However, there are better Itialian restaurants in the city.I went here only once - as it did not warrant a return visit.  (There are better Italian places nearby and not so nearby.)  But we had a nice, passable - albeit not very memorable - meal here on a cold winter night.
I had a very nice salmon dish and my (then fiance now) husband has a pasta dish with sausage and peppers.  Both were just OK.  (Mine was better than his, IMO.)  We also tried the "wedding" soup which was way, way too salty.
The servers were pleasant enough and attentive.We are staying at a nearby hotel, visiting our daughter at Penn.  The weather is terrible, and we wanted someplace close-by, good and reasonably priced.  Bellini Grill fit the bill, and we gave it a try.
Bellini got mixed reviews and I would like to add my two cents.  We had five people, including two more Penn students, and every one of us enjoyed our meals.  The menu is pretty extensive with standard Italian dishes, but they were very well executed.  The Caesar salad was very good, with white rather than normal, anchovies.  The red pepper and artichoke salad was superb.  The angel hair with crabmeat was delicious, as was the chicken balsamico.  The veal with asparagus and artichoke hearts was good, not outstanding.  The other dishes also got very good reviews, though I didn't try them.  Being BYO is great, and we had a nice bottle of wine from a nearby wine store.
People have commented on feeling rushed, and I think the waitstaff is sensitive to this complaint.  We did not feel rushed at all, though they are obviously trained to remove plates when diners are done, but it would be better if they waited until everyone at the table was done.  
All in all, it was a very satisfying experience.  It is not a five star restaurant, but for this type of restaurant, in this location and with most entrees around $20 or less (except the specials, which jump substantially, so don't be shy to ask the prices), it is a very good value and a good restaurant.Good food -- a tad overpriced. Shocking volume in small room. Girls night out or something? Why must they shout like high schoolers? Dover sole WAY overpriced at $42! GREAT service! Richard via Junto.blogspot.comThere were a few mediocre and bad reviews here on Yelp, but we enjoyed this restaurant.  The appetizers, food and desserts were delicious.  Service was not 100% there for you, but when asked for water or more bread, they came over right away.
BYOB.This has become one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. I've been there many times over the last few years and, each time, the service is top-notch, the food is wonderful and the price is reasonable. It's BYOB, so bring your own bottle of wine and enjoy a great dining experience!I stopped in here once years ago, but that visit wasn't so memorable. After this visit, on Sunday I know why I never went back.
The lovely wife and I had just left a matinee performance of Tancredi, right around the corner at the Academy of Music. It was a little after 5:40 PM, and we were hungry, so why not follow up an Italian opera with an Italian meal?
The service was slow to start off with. It took forever to even find out who was our waiter was. Right off the bat, I was disappointed by the fact that she spilled drops of wine on our table while pouring the first glasses and didn't bother to clean the spilled wine. I had to clean it myself using the cloth napkin from the bread basket. BTW, the bread they give you to start the meal sucks, and it comes with those little plastic butter containers. Like in a cheap diner.
The menu reads very well, but the execution in the kitchen is dismal. The gnocchi do not taste homemade. My guess is they buy it from the supermarket with their bread. The Gorgonzola sauce tastes like it's from a supermarket jar too. We didn't bother finishing the gnocchi. Not worth the calories when it's that awful.
Next for me came this black risotto. Disgusting is all I can say, get this; To save money, it appears they slice a single scallop into three rounds. At their price point, that is a pure rip off. Of course, I didn't finish that rubbish either.
I tasted my wife's entree, a special of linguini and seafood, and I wasn't the least bit impressed with that either. (Same trick with her over-salted scallop as well.)
I'm kicking myself that I didn't just collect my car from the garage after the opera and take a little ride down to Panorama down in Olde City. I think it may be more expensive, but it's worth it if you appreciate good food.My super attractive and amazing Fiance and I traveled to the city to meet up with some friends and check out Bellini Grill.  I'm always up for a new and delicious BYOB.  In this case, it was mostly new. 
The service wasn't too bad. I can't really knock them since we may or may not have been acting like we had 4 Bottles of wine on the table (we finished).  And seriously, who has all that "city money" to spend afterwards anyway?  Gotta save where you can.  Anyway, the apps were decent.  Calamari and Bruschetta were worth it. The bread and dip it came with were also a stand-out. 
Entrée time: The ladies ordered some sort of spaghetti with crab meat. The crab meat was lacking almost as much as the flavor. I like a good crab sauce and this didn't really cut it. 
Now, the appeal of a BYOB is mostly that it's a cost-efficient way to dine. I made a horrible mistake and I'm not proud of it. I noticed that their meat/beef selections consisted mainly of veal. I'm never a fan of veal; however, I figured if they had so much veal to offer, there must be a reason.  Perhaps this is the hidden veal capital of Philly! So as soon as I heard that one of the specials was a veal chop with broccoli rabe, I was all in.  The meal overall, was just ok. The cost of the meal was outrageous.  A $31 dollar special! When I go out to dinner, I don't mind spending money on an amazing dish that was unforgettable, but the only thing I'll remember here was that I paid 31 bucks for a sub-par meal.  What made it worse is the fact that they had half a menu's worth of veal selections for $15.  Did I pay extra for the bone? Please, Mr. Bellini, I'd like to get back to discussing food and not price.  
I enjoyed the decor and bright lighting. Sometimes it's a nice change of pace to see everything you eat. It's probably a nice place for a loud family dinner.  
So overall, I'd like people to try this place out for themselves, but proceed with caution.  Finally, check the price of that special before you order it!We went here for my bff's bachelorette party dinner.  They were super accommodating to our large group.  After calling about 100 byos in the city, they were the only that would take a reservation for 18. We arrived about 20 minutes early and they sat us immediately. The staff was great.  The food was awesome.  The atmosphere was lovely.  Highly recommend.We came across this little restaurant on 16th street while in search for an Italian Restaurant and wandering the streets of Philly City Center.  We looked at the menu and decided it was worth a try so we walked in and sat down.
The menu offered a good variety of appetizers as well as main dishes.  I ordered the Arugula salad and for the main dish Pollo Rosmarino something with grilled veggies accompanying it.  None of us regretted selecting this restaurant.  The food was delicious, the ambiance was warm and welcoming, service was good, and very resonably priced.I chose this restaurant based off of it's great location and my love of authentic Italian cuisine. I was celebrating my 23rd birthday and was very anxious to try out Bellinis. To say the very least the entire meal from entree size and taste to service were an absolute let down. They claim they are BYOB, but STILL charge a corkage fee of $25 per bottle ( what's the point ?). I ended up spending a ridiculous amount of money for a forgettable birthday dinner. The best part was when we were preparing to leave, the maitre'd came over to tell us to leave because they had other patrons waiting to have a seat. Overall: overpriced food, mediocre service, non-existent hospitality. CHEERS! 
If you love Italian food and culture I would recommend Olive Garden over Bellinis Grill in Rittenhouse.Bellini in two words...
Never again.
My first impression of Bellini came a few years ago when a date suggested it for dinner...I felt that any restaurant that displays "Fine Dining Restaurant" on their marquee couldn't possibly be what it says.  Maybe the huge grapes on the sign should have tipped me off, too.  While we didn't go there for dinner that night, I did go there a few weeks ago for dinner with family and friends...Needless to say, I should have trusted my first impression.
After making a reservation for a party of 9, we arrived at the restaurant and were seated at a table in the far corner.  The restaurant was so crammed with tables that it was hard to maneuver between them...but that's not incredibly unusual. I did feel bad for the party of three who were sitting at a table behind us.  They were stuck between a pillar and a wall and couldn't get out unless they moved the table.  Definitely a fire hazard!  It got worse when the restaurant staff actually took one of our tables away and squeezed us even further into the corner.  No joke!  Apparently because we had made our reservation after a large bachelor party looking group and they needed another table, we had to give up ours.  We were pretty much sitting on top of each other, had corners of the tables going into our stomachs and couldn't move.  If we hadn't already ordered we would have left.  I've never experienced such ridiculousness.
As for the food....eh.  It was fine...small dishes...and several mistakes.
Décor....cheesy.
Owner/manager...terrible attitude.
Thank goodness for good wine and good company, but we would have been better off at Olive Garden!This was place was a great little surprise. I'll admit from the outside it looked like it could be a pizza place, but once you step inside you are transported to Italy! They have murals all over the walls and Italian opera playing in the back ground. Me and my gf were seated right by the window in a cozy, romantic table. 
The waiter appeared immediately to uncork our bottle. We started with the Escargot, which was cooked perfectly in a delicious sauce. I had the veal and rack of lamb over a pawlenta cake special. The veal was slightly burnt and a little dry, but the rack of lamb was cooked perfectly. My gf had mussels and clams over a risoto, that she loved. I didn't get a chance to try the homemade pasta, but I'm going back again on Sunday for Easter with the family so hopefully I will then!
One great  thing about this BYOB that some others could learn from, is the speed at which they serve. It was very European, they didn't rush the food out or rush us out of the table as soon as we were done. We had a bottle of wine and we planned on finishing it. I hate when BYOBs are trying to get a massive turnover, and this place did nothing like that. We spent about an hour and half there relaxing and enjoying a great meal. Glad I found this hole in the wall!I only went once to Bellini grill so far but I can tell you that I will be back! We went during the day, so it wasn't too crowded. It was quiet, and the service was excellent! I ordered the bruchetta as an appetizer, and then Linguine Puttanesca for the main course. I can honestly say, I have never tasted better pasta in my life anywhere else! The  sauce was exquisite! I recommend!Lovely BYO. Came by for a romantic dinner with my girlfriend and to my chagrin, i dropped (and shattered) my bottle of wine as I sat down. The servers immediately cleaned up, and asked what kind I had brought to being me a replacement bottle. I was fully expecting to see a charge on the bill for the full bottle of chardonnay, only to realize that they had comped it. :)I came here for a friends surprise birthday on a Thursday night. The place was completely empty.
The portion sizes are perfect and the price was great too ($15-$20) for an entrée. 
In the beginning before we ordered, the chef came out to talk to us because there was no one else in the restaurant, which was nice. He told us that all the pasta is made fresh every morning there and that he couldn't wait to cook for us! 
Everyone liked their meals - I got the cheese gnocchi and asked for some grated parm on top and the waiter said, "Um I don't recommend that." Initially I was thinking, 'UMM excuse me sir, I love cheese and I'll have all the cheese I want!' It turns out, he was so right. The gnocchi was super cheesy all on its own. He saved me from a tummy ache. 
Overall good experience for a slow nightThe food was amazingly delicious, I had the pasta with chicken my husband had the lobster ravioli both delicious.  The pasta was heavenly the service was impeccable, spot on.  We didn't have a reservation, which I suggest ,but were graciously seated. All visitors to Philly check out the liquor situation.  This establishment encourages BYOB, but can provide a limited wine selection.  The space is beautiful and somewhat noisy but not overwhelmingly so.We went with a party of 10 and the service was impeccable. They were very attentive to all of our needs. The food was very good. All 10 people enjoyed their entress and appetizers. It is a BYPB and we brought severalo bottles of wine and they were very accomodating. They even let me sing to some of their customers.Love this place. Food service atmosphere and price. Go here. Love it. I'm writing this sentence to make my review longer. Just go here.I've eaten here a few times, most recently last night.  Excellent meal...and the BYOB factor helps.  We had a party of 5, 3 of whom showed up 15 minutes late.  The first 2 were sat immediatly (and the place was packed).  A server walked through the place with a large pot of pasta giving each table a small serving to taste (it was yummy!)  Yes, the place is small and gets crowded and noisy.  However, the food and lovely decor detract from that.
I had the salmon and it was great.  One of our very hungry male guests ordered the seafood ravioli.  When it came with only a few on the plate he mentioned to the waiter he was much hungrier than this would satisty, they brought out 2 more ravioli for free.  Overall portion sizes are decent.  No, you're not getting Spagetti house enormous size portions...but is that really necessary anyway!??
Perfect go to Italian place to beat high prices and get a great dinner.Really enjoyed our evening at Bellini's. Both rhe food and service were great! Had the seafood linguine  with white  sauce absolutely delicious!  The chocolate mouse with  a hint of mint is totally  worth the calories! Definitely  will go here again!I absolutely love it here! Been many times and the food is always amazing and the service is exceptional. Have had several waiters for the various times I have been there and they're all trained well and personable. Food is reasonably priced too. This will continue to be a place I go to for dinners with friends and family! BYOB!!I recently went here for lunch and ordered the gnocchi, which I thought was delicious. The service was very good here and for lunch we were able to get a great 3 course meal but they were also conscious of it being a workday and there service was efficient.It sounds like other reviewers experienced great service, but unfortunately that was not the case for my friends and me.  We waited about 25 minutes between our soup and entrees (way too long IMO for lunch) and when they brought out the entrees two of the three were wrong.  They brought replacements fairly quick but mine was still wrong (only slightly but I  did not say anything because we were very short on time).  When our bill came it was completely wrong, except for my order which was the one that didn't come correct on 2 attempts.  Our bill once corrected was $15 less.  I was disappointed that we did not get a geniune apology for any of the goofs.This place could be incredible; unfortunately the service is not good and the food is hit or miss. We were "welcomed" by a very young inexperienced hostess. Despite the place being nearly empty, she attempted to seat us at a table that was being blocked by a party of 10 at the bar. She couldn't understand why we wouldn't sit down; we literally could not sit. The place is wall to wall tables and they attempt to bring food out on carts that couldn't make it past the seats comfortably. I kept getting bumped into. The waiter gave us time to purview the menus and disappeared for 20 minutes. I saw him drying glasses and making drinks at the bar. Perhaps hire more waitstaff or a bartender??? The food is ok; the mushroom risotto was fabulous. Salmon was good, side veggies were good. Branzino was not good; I've had so much better. Hope to find a better Italian place in Philly soon!Horrible! We were a bigger party and knowing that we made a reservation for 8:30. We got seated after 9:15 and although we had an excellent waiter
Chris, we got 'greeted' by the chef at the end of the night, he came over, tried to talk to us in Italian and found out he was telling us to keep quiet! Seriously you own a small restaurant and took a reservation for 11 people, what do you expect! From there we felt insulted and  wanting to leave!Dont judge this book by its cover, the outside looks a little cheesy, and yea the inside isnt a whole lot better, but the food makes it worth bearing the gaudy. The server was nice and tried really hard, and honestly if you try then that's good enough for me. we got a order of bruschetta which turned out to be really good. I ordered the pollo Saltimbocca which was really delicious and my wife got the gnocci. The actual pasta were great, perfectly cooked and tender but the sauce tasted too sweet almost like a bad pizza sauce. Also the creme brulee and sorbet were amazing. Overall a good experience.This was the worst dining experience we have ever had. It is a shame too, because it could have been a good evening.
First off, the food was good. Not great, and maybe not worth the price, but I would have been fine with it except for the service.
The short version: The owner is disingenuous and a liar. He treated our party with no respect, no concern for our experience, and showed us the ugly side of philadelphia. He needs to learn some customer service skills, and care more about his customers.
The long version (still condensed): We had reservations for 8 for 6pm, that kept getting pushed back and we ended up showing up at 5:45. Half our party was running late. They seated our initial 4 anyways, and only came around the table to fill water and ask us where the rest of our party was. 
Once we ordered some apps, they finally brought us some bread and asked us about drink orders.
We were further pressured to order our meals - and finally did before the rest of our group arrived. They were about 45 minutes late, and ordered quickly. 
At just before 8pm we were asked if we wanted dessert or coffee and we declined. We were given the check. We asked about splitting and were told we could use 4 cards equally, which was fine with us. A minute later the owner came over and said the credit card system was down, and they could only accept cash. He pointed us to an ATM across the street. A number of us from the group walked over to get cash, and another asked about writing a check which the owner said was fine. When we came back from getting cash the others in our group said they saw other customers paying with credit cards. We asked the owner about this and he got hostile quickly saying we had been in his restaurant for 4 hours, and half our party was very late, and that we must pay cash! A couple of the guys in our group were not happy with this and argued with him, and it got heated and the owner yelled and made it clear he lied about the credit cards being down and that paying cash was his way of getting back at us. He was completely unprofessional.
Before a fight could break out, we left cash to cover the tab and got out of there. Never have I felt so badly about spending money (it was not cheap either), on a dining experience. I could never recommend anyone visit this restaurant as long as it is owned by the current person.Every time I come here, it's just fantastic. The waiters and hosting staff are so friendly and attentive, and they just make dining here an enjoyable experience overall. It's also a lovely ambiance and you can actually enjoy a long dinner and conversation, without feeling rushed.
Not to mention the food! My Dad is 100% Italian and very picky about his pasta...and he was still raving about his meal the next day. You also can't beat a byob PLUS a full bar just in case you want to end your meal with some limoncello!We love Bellini Grill. One of our favorite places to eat when we come to Philly.Came here for my birthday dinner the other night and overall the experience was positive. We made reservations for five people and when we arrived we were promptly greeted and shown to our table. The service was very good; our waiter was very knowledgable of the menu and accommodated us with all our requests. As for the food: my meal ( pasta seafood special of the night) was average. The overall dish lacked flavor and was nothing special. My other guests had the following: anatra al forno (slow roasted half duck) which was very flavorful but the duck was slightly overcooked, lasagna which was very good and portioned well, and a pasta with chicken dish (which was specially made as a request) which was delicious. Glad to have tried this restaurant and will keep it on the radar for future nights out.I don't understand the low stars.  My friends and I have been here numerous times for lunch and once for dinner, and the owner or manager is always very friendly and accommodating, and is always joking around with us when we check in and during our meal.  The service has always been wonderful and friendly, and the food is always delicious. So, I don't get the low ratings - we love it here. Give it a try!I went here for a quick lunch with my mom after we had gotten our hair done. We had a really nice time! Service was very good (probably because we were the only ones there) and the food was great! I ordered a mushroom stuffed ravioli and my mom ordered a veal parm panini. Both were very tasty and the pasta was cooked very well. The sauce was just enough and they didn't over do it as if you were at a tacky Olive Garden.I have walked by this more times than I can count. I went here on my first day at a new job... Boss' treat!
I had a mushroom soup and the Caesar salad with chicken. The soup was really good!!! The salad dressing however was really mayo-tasting and thick... it didn't sit well. Doesn't help that it was my first day... it just wasn't a good salad. Sorry...
The paninis looked good and their special salad sounded really good as well, it was shrimp, calamari and salmon.. all 3 on the salad! it looked good I just don't like it when the shrimp is staring back at me, I have a soul and I can't eat them...
I don't know if I'll be back on my own and venture outside the menu even though it received praises from my boss and his coworker. Perhaps, one day... I just wasn't blown away.I've been to Bellini Grill a few times, most recently last week. I love that it is a BYOB and they don't charge any type of corkage fee, like some other sleezy restaurants might do. The service is great (although I can't tell if those are real Italian accents?), and the portions are huge. I really enjoyed the caprese salad appetizer, and the Chicken Saltimbocca - very flavorful. I have never seen such a huge piece of chicken - and I ate the whole thing! I can't think of anything I don't like about the place!3 of us dined here recently on a Saturday before the theater.  Arrived early for dinner - 5:30 and by 6:30 there was a line out the door.  Place was packed; very convenient location; only a 2 block walk to the Broad St. theater district plus finding a BYO in Center City Philly is a rare treat.  We're spoiled residents of Chester County, PA where wonderful BYO's abound.  The service was terrific; very quick.   Food was very good.  My husband's veal parm looked wonderful (he hoarded it so I did not get a piece ha!) and I had the Branzino which was filleted table side perfectly.  Started out with a Caesar salad which was very fresh and my other two guests had the Lobster Bisque as an appetizer which they enjoyed.  Desserts were really good; I had the chocolate mousse pie - heavenly; one guest had the flan and the other the ice cream trio.  So, all-in-all, a very nice dinner.Second time coming here for a work lunch and definitely was not disappointed - food and service was great. Our larger party was in and out within the hour and the restaurant wasn't very crowded for a Monday lunch. Will return more often!Came here for lunch with a client. Ordered a Panino all Italiano sandwich. Tasted funny. We told the waiter, who offered to bring something else. The chef came out and offered to bring something else as well. We opted not to - at that point we didn't feel confident in the food and didn't want to take the time to try again. I do not know if the food was bad, not prepared properly or just not to our liking. I'm going to assume there was something wrong with it.
Now, if I owned a restaurant, my top priority would be to make the customer happy. Period. If other food was not going to make them happy, at the very least, I'd not charge them. Instead, when I was charged for the uneaten sandwich and asked about it, I was told that I turned down the offer of more food and that the owner "still had to pay for the food that was prepared" (and not eaten). Not at all a professional way to do business!
I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone based solely on how this was handled.Was there last night for dinner and had a wonderful time. The service was great and the meal was amazing. I ordered the calamari appetizer and was not disappointed. For the main course I went with the seafood medley with risotto which was incredible. Even though they closed at 9 and our reservation was for 8, we did not fee rushed at all and even had dessert and coffee. I love this place and will definitely be returning.I would have to agree with a lot of other people about this spot.  For me personally it was pretty awful.  Dinner for 2 took 2 hours. No apps or deserts were ordered.  
Service was extremely slow, rushed to order.  Food took 30 mins to come out and when it did it was crappy.  Pasta was stuck together and very starchy.  Couldn't believe what came out.  But as I looked around other peoples dinners looked good and edible.  Mine was not unfortunately.  I would not return or recommend this place to anyone.  Cramped and the service was bad.My party and I were very unimpressed with our meal here. The wait staff was inattentive to our needs, not bringing enough menus and giving us attitude when we asked for the check.
The food was subpar - not the greatest italian food I've had, but not the worst. The tables were on top of each other, and the AC was either not on or they don't have one, providing for a very uncomfortable eating experience. Overall, I would not return- far too pricey for the quality.We went for lunch with a party of 10 following the University Of Penn Sunday Graduation. (which was also Mother's Day)The staff were very patient, friendly and very accommodating with everyone enjoying their meals. some of the dishes the group had were the Tortelonni, the Cesare salad, chicken Parmesan.  The only minor "issue" is that we had to order off the dinner menu, lunch menu was not available.I recently went here for a friends birthday party and was happy to find they were able to carve out space for 10 of us in their restaurant. I had the gnocchi di spinach, which was very flavorful although the portion size seems a bit small for the price. It was a birthday part so we got desserts as well!! The cannoli was the best part of the night. It actually tasted as good if not better than the few I had in the Italian market.  We also had the chocolate mousse which was just the right amount of sweet. The service was great although it did get slower towards the end of our meal and we had to flag down staff for the check, but I guess that's better than being rushed out hahaALL DINERS ARE NOT CREATED EQUAL!
Just left Bellini Grill and was so disappointed.  Let me start by saying we have been to the same restaurant many times and brought several if our friends here.  During all of these visits we have never had a bad experience at this restaurant -- until tonight.  While the evening started off well it quickly went downhill.  Let me explain.  
We arrived for our reservation early but our table was not ready.  No problem right?  They invited us to wait at the bar.  After the bartender offered to make us a drink he apologized for our table (by this time the table was late) and offered to pay for our drinks.  Thought that was pretty cool and very customer focused right?  It stopped there.  Please note we did not ask him to comp our drinks nor did we make a fuss about the table being late.  
When we got to our table we both ordered an appetizer and an entree.  It took them forever to clear the table after our first course.  In fact when they brought our entree the dirty dishes from our appetizers we're still on the table.  They just moved the dishes around to get our food on the table.  Then it took them forever to remove our entree dishes which need wrapping.  
Did I mention that we were a table of two?   Right next door was a table of five who arrived after us.  They received their meal about the same time as we did but honestly I wasn't paying attention to how quickly their table was cleared.  The server asked them if they wanted dessert and they declined.  The server then brought them a round of home made grappa and made a big deal about the fact that it was made in house and that it was on the house.  In our previous visits to this restaurant they offered complimentary limoncello at the end of the meal.  So when the server asked us about dessert we said no thanks we will just have some of that homemade grappa.  His response was "well we can't just throw that around ".  So I asked him "so it's ok for that table but not for us" and his response was "well I gave you two drinks already".    Then he came back a few minutes later with two glasses of grappa and told us "he said it was ok". Who is he?
We were very disappointed with this whole situation in addition to the rest of our experience during the evening.  So when we got the bill we left a 10% tip and just so it was clear that we were not just poor tippers, we put a note on the bill "service was disappointing".  
So beware if you are a table of two in a sea of larger tables.  Your service may not be the same even though your money spends the same way.The food is so-so, but the manager is so incredibly rude that it's not worth going here even if your dinner is free. It's unfortunate for the servers because they are very nice.I scarcely know where to begin. A friend of mine had a small get-together for his birthday, and chose Bellini only after plans at another restaurant fell through. We were a party of 10, with reservations a week in advance. My girlfriend and I arrived about 15 minutes late, and upon arrival learned that nobody could begin drinking their wine or ordering until our the entire party arrived. We ordered. Waiter was nice, but a little awkward. No problems here.  We were cramped up in the corner, but that was fine. My food was absolutely atrocious. Salmon/pasta dish that tasted like ramen noodles. I even let this slide.
We were rushed the entire meal. Of course the waiter was the mouth piece, but I could tell he was getting pressure from the owner, as he was reluctant to tell us how another party was awaiting their seat. As we were rushed to pay the bill, the waiter explained that we could only use two credit cards, which had to be split evenly? When I inquired about this unique policy, he said that he did not have a POS and their system was old. This was a LIE, as I saw the ubiquitous ALOHA! System in the back corner. In addition to their weird "policy," they AUTOMATICALLY added 20% gratuity. So reluctantly, we began trying to figure our how to divvy up the cash/card payments. The waiter "compromised" with us that we could use four cards.
As we took a few minutes to get the money in order, the rather small OWNER with Napoleon's Syndrome marched over to our table and tersely ordered us to LEAVE. We weren't even finished paying yet! So I (admittedly) lost my temper and spoke out: I told him to leave the table, and he immediately stood and front of me and tried to kick me out without my credit card! I refused to leave, flung a few choice words his way, and absorbed a barrage of disparaging comments.
Let me conclude by stating that I never thought that I would write a negative review of someone's business: this is their livelihood and I normally would never try to ruin that. But this little man does not belong in the food/beverage industry. I will NEVER go back, and quite frankly quiver at the thought of our great city's tourists being exposed to this small creature. Plenty of world-class restaurants in Philly - move along folks.This restaurant is getting 2 stars for the service.  We were served by Kim who was very kind and efficient .  My family and I dined here today and we were sorely disappointed. Our food was just okay with the exception of the dessert which was good. 
Prior to making a reservation I emailed ( thankfully I kept the email) about the BYOB status of the restaurant. I was told it was a BYOB with no corking fee. When our billed arrived they had tacked on not one but two corking fees ( one for our wine and one for our beer ).  The crazy part of all of this is that both were twist off caps ;hence the server never put her hands on our bottles. When I inquired about the fee to our server, the manager came over extremely hostile and angry asking us if we could not afford it ( very rude and disrespectful ). My husband practiced much patience as I explained to the manager about the email. He did everything but call me a liar, until of course, I produced the email. Needless to say the corking fee was taken off , we paid our bill and left. If you want Italian food go elsewhere. The food here is just okay really nothing special. The manager is awful.  He is arrogant and truly values his ego over his customers. I say skip the entire experience. We spent 184 dollars that would be better spent elsewhere.The best word to sum up this place is "good." It's by no means great and it's by no means bad. It just doesn't do much for me. My partner and I ordered three dishes. Our first, the Penne Bellini (mushrooms, peas and applewood smoked bacon in a creamy blush sauce with a touch of nutmeg) was excellent. We really enjoyed it and wished we ordered the large portion. How can you go wrong with a bacon dish? Yummy, yummy, trust me. Our second, Risotto con Frutti di Mare (sauteed assortment of seafood over a bed of risotto finished with extra virgin olive oil) was okay. The seafood was a bit strong. Our third dish, Vitello con Granchio (sauteed veal medallions with spinach, served in a lemon, fresh thyme and white wine sauce, topped with domestic jumbo lump crab meat) was okay, but too skimpy on the crab meat. It was a bit too lemony for my taste. Overall, an excellent and two okays yields a good at most. We really didn't appreciate being rushed out of the restaurant at the end, so this was a misstep on their part.My friends and I came here for Restaurant Week last fall. The food was great - but I was very put off by the hostess telling us we had exactly 1 hour and 15 minutes before we had to leave. I get that it's restaurant week and you're busy, but that kind of set me off a bit. 
Aside from that, the atmosphere was great, and the food was delicious. I'm not sure what the prices would be like outside of restaurant week, but I would go back and give it another shot. Also love that it's a BYOB which is great for a girls night out!I'm still not used to this whole "byob" thing, which is completely my problem but also really annoying.  Especially when you go to a place like Bellini, which freakin shares a name with a delicious alcoholic drink...wtf.  
Or ...for when you go to a place like Bellini, whose food is so boring that you really need that bottle of wine.  :(
The service was good, the waitress was very sweet and made thoughtful suggestions. Admittedly, the food of my dining companions was better than mine, but in my book there are always points for consistency.  
They also had a TV playing "food network" in plain sight which was not in keeping with the mood of the restaurant. weird.We were in Philly for the weekend and sought a good Italian restaurant to celebrate my dad's birthday.  I found Bellini on Yelp, and saw it wasn't too expensive so we stopped by.  Sunday night...not busy.  Menu looked great.  The server started off spectacular.  Had a nice Italian accent, patient, answered our questions, even took crayons right off another table to give to my daughter.  The table just turned and looked at our table, shocked that they lost their crayons.  
The bread came out, which was just a basket of cold, (like out of the fridge cold) dry, wheat like slices.  Almost like sandwich bread.  The table had a bottle of olive oil, so we were expecting the server to come back and pour the oil.  Nope.  So we did it ourselves.  Bread had to be a joke.  There's no way an Italian restaurant would serve that kind of bread, especially when other yelpers have mentioned the warm garlic bread they've received.  
After hearing the specials, which were finely introduced by the server, we declined after hearing the HIGH prices!!  
I ordered the Pollo alla Saltimbocca, which was a chicken breast with prosciutto, sage, topped with fontina cheese in a reduced Chianti sauce.  Served with grilled veggies.  The chicken was nicely plated, but it was luke warm!  The veggies were piping hot, and VERY good!!!  Potatoes had a nice crunchy exterior and were well seasoned.  Chianti sauce was delicious...I'd ask for a little more next time.  I had to pull apart the cheese to see if any prosciutto was even there, found a hair-thin piece on half the chicken.  I tasted sage twice, which complemented the chicken.  Under the cheese I found spinach, lots of spinach...which surprised me since it wasn't a mentioned ingredient on the menu.  Overall the dish was very good, and I'd order it again.  The rest of the table ordered Capellini al Pomodoro Fresco and Capellini alla Positano (lump crab meat)...which were very light in flavor and both people wouldn't order again.  My father ordered the Pollo Bellini...which he loved though his chicken dish came out luke warm too.  
The service dwindled to a halt after the food arrived.  The server never came back to see how the food was, nor did he bring a dessert menu after noticing we were done with our meals.  He downright ignored us.  We sat there for awhile and then got the menu ourselves.  He came back to the table and asked if we'd like dessert...ha...and lost his Italian accent.  We declined after seeing the hefty prices on the basic Italian desserts.  Nothing interesting or different to counteract the high prices.  
I'd go back with a coupon to try something else...with the expectation that the service might stink.It was nice to stop in for a drink at the bar before it got crowded for Friday dinner. The bartender was very keen on details, making sure each drink was done perfectly. The mussels in white wine were good, but a tad too salty for me. It was a nice experience and I liked it more than I expected.WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE IN PHILADELPHIA. DO NOT DINE HERE.
I sent a request to Bellini to host my friend's Bachelorette Party Dinner at Bellini. Received a phone call from a manager. First of all, despite the promise of a la carte or banquet menu, I was told that we MUST order the banquet menu or our service would suffer. Secondly, I was told that we could not be accomodated at 7pm and had to move our party of 20 to 7pm. I was willing to make these accomodations... until I was told that because of my "history of a no-show and a cancellation" on my Open Table account that I had to sign a contract immediately and pay a non-refundable deposit. Interestingly, I did not no-show - an inept hostess neglected to honor my reservation - a matter which was disputed and solved by Open Table. I may have had a cancellation - My bad, I'm human, and life happens sometimes. 
After the horrible customer service, I sent the following e-mail: "Due to the appalling customer service I received on the phone today, it is clear that Bellini Grill is not the right place for our party. I won't be dining with you again. Thank you for your time." I received the following e-mail in response: "Firstabel you never Dine at Bellini
Bellini Management."
Oh, and when I "no-showed" (AKA ate an entire meal) at Bellini, the food and the service weren't stellar.
Appalling and unprofessional. Certainly not worthy of business. Plenty of other quality Italian BYOBs in the neighborhood at which to spend our money!Great food, great service, and great location. My husband and I went here before a show at the Kimmel Center and loved it. Bring a bottle of wine and a good appetite. My husband got the chicken parm and I went with the crab ravioli. Both were excellent.