I go there to get me some smoked fish and meats. They also have an amazing section for cakes and pastries. Prepared foods department rocks as well: I get pitozhki a lot, and salads. Every time I go there, it like a holiday in my family, we get so excited about all these foods and drinks and desserts.I don't know if it's because I've been out of Philly for a year and a half or what. But seriously Bell's Market I'm sick of your rude employees and how they allow customers butt in line in front of someone YOU'VE ALREADY ASKED TO HELP. I was at the olive bar getting ready to give my order and from around the corner comes this big burly man, he says something in Russian to her, she puts her pointer finger up to me as to say "one moment" and she gets an order for this ass-clown. I turn to this fuzzy eyebrowed asshole and say "Um, hello? I've been standing here." He said something in Russian to her, she replied and he said sorry. He said something else to her, and she said "he said he will come back" As if that's any comfort me. Next time, if there is a next time, I'm going in there with an old lady moustache, a scarf on my head and I'll speak no English. Maybe that will help me feel like I'm an appreciated customer. I'm also disappointed in the artichoke salad. Lacking in the veggies and now made with regular onion instead of red onion.Produce cheap but low quality.   Nice variety of meats and cheeses if you can get past clannish and arrogant Russian employeesYou know that Wherther's Carmel commercial with the lady reminiscing about her childhood in a candy shop? Well, Bell's Market my equivalent of that. I've been coming to Bell's since I can remember as my family immigrated to Philly from Ukraine when I was a toddler. To this day, it's my go-to place to stock up on the flavors of my childhood and fresh groceries. 
The produce is usually pretty fresh and very reasonable. But my favorite parts are the deli, the prepared food area, the bakery, and the juice aisle. It's as authentic as it gets. Don't be afraid to ask the deli person to taste a slice of some strange looking meat. You won't know if you like it until you try it! The deli has a SPECTACULAR selection of traditional meats and cheese. I'm going to include the smoked fish counter as part of the deli, and highly recommend that for all your smoked fish and caviar needs. 
The prepared food area is cheap and super authentic. In fact, some of the traditional Russian salads and pickles are even better than what my mom used to make (SORRY MOM x3). When you're done stocking up on all those goodies, pop on over to the bakery for an ornate slice of cake. Let me explain that Russian cakes are nothing like American cakes. Our cakes usually consist of many, many layers of cake, creams, mousses, jellies, meringues, and whatever else they could come up with. Even after 20 years of eating Russian cakes, I have no clue what their names are. So just pick one and go for it. Or go for a napoleon (a fluffy pastry of butter cream and puff pastry). Theirs are my favorites. 
I'll also attest to the fact that Bell's has the best juice and candy selection of all of the Russian markets in the area. Go ahead, try the birch or blood orange juice. They're awesome.Love this place....they have everything a Russian girl could dream of.From cheap (but delicious) caviar, to tandori bread, tons of pelmeni, and even kinder surprise chocolates. This place has all the stuff I remember growing up with and so far no complaints. I haven't even discovered everything yet. Will definitely be coming back here.Walked up to the back cold cuts Deli to buy a cow tongue...Took a number and realized that I was the only one there... There were apx 5 women behind the counter and they all were rudely ignoring me. Another customer walked up and he got ignored too... Finally we managed to get some service... Disappointed...After driving by Bell's Market numerous times after work, I needed to do a grocery run on the way home from work and decided to stop in - I had no idea they were a supermarket that catered to the Russian community in that area. 
Once inside, I was awestruck! It was like stumbling into some exotic food palace by accident: Smoked fish! Basterma! Blintzes! Picked apples! Kvass! KVASS! Ukrainsky borscht! A Kosher section! The prepared food counter is a real treat, as are the baked goods and deli counter, with European style sausages and meats. On subsequent trips, we discovered their large selection of teas and honeys, juices & drinks. They also carry a standard assortment of American products, and since its a supermarket you can get pretty much what you need for a grocery run.
Having not grown up with this type of market in the vicinity, shopping here feels like shopping at a gourmet supermarket filled with imported treats. The prices are reasonable, and costs no more than a shop at a regular American supermarket. While I don't speak Russian, it's never been an issue when I've asked the staff about anything - everybody has been very pleasant and helpful.
I now have my Bell's Market card so I can get whatever sales or rewards they give out. I can't always get out to that part of NE Philly, but when I can, I really look forward to stopping into Bell's.I would like to me a nice review about the store as I like kind of food they are selling for people,  but! Not not all of the personal are nice ! I used to go there every week , once I came to buy some chicken for a soup, I picked one pack and there was a hair inside the pack I went to the meat station / department and there was a lady (45 years old with short hair , she usually wears a LOT of make up) i dont remember her name ,robably people who visit the store know her. 
        So she is not from the "good stuff" . When I showed it to her , she just took it from my hands and dissappeared. That's it.  EVEN No "sorry".
        THEN when i was talking to my friends about that some of them told me they also hear not good things about that super market.Great store with everything you need! If you watch the food network like I do they cook with items you may not find in Shoprite, Pathmark or ACME, so I go to Bell's when I need to find an exotic item or spice!  They have the best pickles selection also. I agree with the one person who said some of their deserts are  bland, and the lady in the bakery could not speak English so I could not communicate with her so I had to skip the bakery which is why I gave 3 stars, I think everyone who works anywhere should be bi lingual at least  because this is America, if you work in a super market you and deal with customers you should not need a translator.Bells Market has been the place where my family and I have shopped since I was a little kid. It used to be a tiny little corner store but now its just as good and big as any of the other chain stores. But this place still has its "homee" feel. They've been baking their own bread which is so delicious and all their baked goods are so unique, theres nowhere else to find them. Also, the pharmacy is very convenient and the pharmacist Steve is a really smart guy. Amazing meat selection as well!Great market! It is a bit intimidating if you don't speak Russian which I don't. The homemade food is amazing.Don't be intimidated by this gem of a supermarket.  Yes, most of the packaging is in Russian, but you can pretty much tell what each item is.  
My favorites:  the fresh produce, the loose hoagie rolls, the marinated vegetables and spreads, the olive bar and the prices!
I love the variety of items in the store - there is a big deli/lunchmeat counter, a fish counter, prepared foods, a bakery and a salad/olive bar as well as regular grocery items.  
I spend hours wandering around looking at all the different items and always come home with 3 bags of new things to try.  It is usually always crowded, but to me that is a good sign!Bell's Market is SOOOO worth the 30+min drive for us. Mostly for the incredibly cheap yet great quality produce, deli meats & cheeses, and bread. Also notable: extensive selection of smoked and dried fish, premade deli salads, amazing olive bar, cheap canned goods, and many yummy Russian chocolates and candies that my boyfriend grew up with. He speaks Russian fluently which makes me feel less awkward, but I'd still feel fine going alone - everyone there speaks English too.This place is great! You feel like a bit of an outsider as this store is geared to a Russian and E.European clientele. Some amazing finds here;
Good selection of cheap produce. Quality varies,but usually very good. Once you get past the produce there is a pickle/ olive and such bar where you can get by the lb. or check out their selection of pre pack pickles and such. Love the cabbage and pepper salad. They even have kim-chi! There is a kosher section right there too. Nice to find lox w/o nitrates @ $6.29 for 1/4 lb(Acme pre-sliced) is delicious.Also whitefish pieces(Acme brand also)
Next you hit the dairy isle where the selection is great. Best butter around comes wrapped in paper(whipped unsalted) and is made locally.Great selection of feta, farmers cheese, kefir, yogurt, etc. They also have a pre-pack excellent selection of cheese by the lb. I'm talkin quality provolone, jalepeno muenster, swiss ,gouda, all in bulk w/ excellent prices. Also have a huge deli w/ all kind of cheeses and meats sliced to order. Never tried their deli meats as I usually don't eat that stuff.
They have whole aisle devoted to boxed juices cheaply priced. Also a whole aisle devoted to various pickled salads and stuff including ajvar a east euro delicacy made from roasted red peppers and eggplant.
Another smoked fish section of all kinds of stuff precedes the prepared foods dept. which is pretty decent. I've had great mushroom blintzes from here, good chicken things(look like giant chicken meatballs) and khachapuri(Soviet Georgia delicacy); get the spinach and cheese Delicious.. kinda like a Greek spinach pie.
They have a huge bread selection Jewish Russian, Italian;House made breads and cakes are just average. Never tried their desserts but they have plenty. Good selection of teas and honey also.What can I say about my Bell's Market experience that hasn't already been said about the Cold War. It was tense, hostile at times, there were possible overreactions from both sides but in the end everything turned out fine. 
My territory for work is the Northeast (NE Philly) which I've come to name Little Moscow. Not really but there are a lot of Russians there, and where there are Russians so shall there be Russian markets. The first time I went to Bells I actually had no idea it was a Russian market but once I got through the produce and into the sauerkraut bar I started to realize what was going down. I was definitely pumped. As a half Russian Jew myself I felt like this was a chance to connect with my heritage. 
I approached said sauerkraut bar with a bit of intrepidation due to the cold stare of lady behind the counter (think a mix of the girl from 3rd Rock From the Sun and Mckayla  Maroney #notimpressed). All the krauts looked the same but had different names. I asked what the difference was between them and she said the brand name. I stared at her for a second and I asked her what her favorite was, she didn't know. I'm feeling a little crazy so I ask for the one with the cranberries. I take it and turn the corner, bam smack in the middle of Euro diary heaven. I love Euro dairy because it's typically cleaner but still full of mystery. After about 15 minutes I opted for some organic kefir and continued on. By the time I got to the meat section had already been there for 45 minutes and realizing I could be there another 45 minutes if I wasn't careful I decided to leave the far side of the store for another day. My imagination still wonders to what's over there when I zone out in traffic on 95 south. 
When I went to the checkout they actually had some kimchee in a fridge so I copped that for good measure and called it a day. The person at the checkout was cold but efficient and I left Bells feeling a bit confused but excited at the prospects of what I could get there in the future. 
Next stop will be Net Cost!This is an authentic Russian-speaking grocery store. Many imported goods. Growing up in the area it seemed normal to me but if your an out-of-towner who wants to feel like your in the Soviet Union, come here and buy a few things. Their baked good and fresh bread are delicious.Very nice market! 
Lots of good food, bakery, salads, deli! 
Has a lot of fish variety, cooked food, cakes chocolates etc! 
Price very affordable! Customer service very nice and friendly! 
Pickles and fresh veggies are the best!They have the European food, every European is missing! Great variety, absolutely love the place. Staff can be a little unfriendly and expect to have them talk to you in Russian by mistake.I prefer bells over netcost. Why? Because it's the OG of Russian grocery stores. They have an awesome selection of pickled olives that I always come in and sample as many possible. Then I sample the most expensive cheeses. It's a homey atmosphere.I'm thrilled to be within walking distance of this market. Like the other reviewers, I too find that not speaking their language can be a bit daunting. But especially at the prepared foods counter, almost all of the women servers will happily describe the foods if you ask them. I usually try one of something first, which always seems to amuse them. I get the idea that most people buy way more than just one. The cauliflower salad (usually called Kaliflower and sometimes another name) is out of this world.  And anything with eggplant is great. I'm so grateful that they now have a "take a number" system, before it was tough getting waited on. The produce is also very reasonable and fresh. My only wish would be if they could put more little cards in front of each food to describe it better. I have never tried their meat department since that doesn't look quite as English friendly as the prepared foods.I was in PHL yesterday on a Kvass Kwest, Kamarades! I write for a beer newspaper and am active on a beer-centric website and my two current foci are CANned beer and Kvass. I had ordered some of both from a couple of places in Brooklyn, but the cost of shipping made me ponder if there might not be someplace closer for me to score some Kvass for Kicks. A Google search led me to Bell's Market and almost from the moment I entered, I was in Hog Heaven! I was scooping bottles of Kvass into my cart like a madman, just past the produce section, when a store employee told me that was just their overflow. What?!? She then directed me to the aisle where the Kvass is housed and my eyes popped out and my jaw dropped to the floor. Eureka! Success! Happy happy joy joy! I signed up for a Club/Loyalty Card and loaded up. I will be back since many others also want to try this elusive (for many) style.It is worth the 30 min drive from Center City.
A separate counter for each one of your needs: one for amazing cured meats and cheeses, one for olives, pickle and salads, one for baked goods and dumplings, one for smoked fish and caviar. Plus aisles of produce, candy, jams, and juices. 
The women who work these counters are kinda gruff, but that only adds to the experience.I go here frequently, especially for the kovbasa at the deli and for the various cheeses. I will say the women at the deli are downright rude and it's the only part of the journey I totally dread is having to order from them. 
But the inventory is excellent and there are things here I'd have to travel a few hours to get anyplace else. Prices are also decent.Great Eastern European deli! It has too many different cuisines from the Ukraine, Russia, Georgia, & Poland (as well as others) to just call it one or the other. This really is a jewel in the heart of the Russian Northeast Philly. With that said be warned that you will be dealing with a lot of people who English is a second language for, but this should not dissuade you from trying it out! There is a large variety of foods prepared in the deli section, ( I do believe they have many kosher items as well) along with a lot of different imported goods in the market areas.  This is probably the most non-Russian friendly Russian store.This supermarket is akin to traveling throughout Europe.  The food and drink selections are fantastic, the employees are courteous, and this prices are more than reasonable.  I highly recommend shopping here!This market is my favorite in NE philly. It carries American brands as well as goods from all over Eastern Europe, this place is tidy like Whole Foods but less expensive than Acme. There Deli is full of many Russian and European meats that you can try before you buy. They have excellent home made prepared vegetable and meat dishes, all sorts of mushrooms, olives, home made breads, desserts and high quality produce as well as more different types of fruit juice then any other grocery store you will ever find. Most of the Russian products also have ingredients and nutritional facts printed in English.  I shop here for just about all my regular grocery needs on a weekly basis.I don't know where I stand on my star rating, right now. How can I get 3 Pink Lady apples and they all be rotten inside? I went to Bottom Dollar and got 3 (for a lesser price) and they were DELICIOUS! I'm not one to return fruit, because you just never know, but man.... I was disappointed!
Oh yeah and I finally made it to the deli without there being 90 people waiting in line. There was a lady ahead of me and one elderly lady after me. All of us were ordering the white turkey breast $2.99/lb (you can't beat that) and when I ordered my pound, I guess the lady slicing it took half of it and gave it to the lady after me. So when they gave me my full pound, the lady after me didn't realize what happened and thought it was hers. So she said,"Is that mine?" And the lady at the slicer basically bit her head off with a,"NO! That's not for you." (add heavy angry accent) I almost said something, but I wanted cheese so I didn't wanna push it. I do notice how friggin slow they run those slicers, but maybe it's a good thing because these angry Russian ladies slice meat better than those young kids at another deli that begins with the letter J and ends in ulianos. :)I come here in the morning with my mom to buy some fruits, vegetables and deli. We come here because it is close to home and walking distance. There are a lot of good stuff here. Especially the fruits and vegetable. They are always on sale so it is very affordable. The only bad part is that some of the aisles are not very clean. It felt uncomfortable walking in some aisles. But overalls their fruits and deli are very fresh. 
Customer service is very friendly and helpful.They have a very good selection of polish products amongst their things like fresh fruits and vegetables, a bakery and pre made dishesGreat russian supermarket. The desserts and cooked items are fabulous. They spinach pie is great and I buy it every time I go to BM. There's an apple-peach cheese dessert I always buy as well. You'll enjoy this place, not only for the food, but also for the low prices.Great variety of international products. Good prices, especially on the fruit and vegetables. I did see some expired things there, but I must say, that in Europe, and some other countries, the date is written as day/month/year so it may be a little confusing. The ladies behind the counter are usually unpleasant. I would recommend to friends.I love this place. Makes me think of home. I frequent here often. Bakery is always nice and the deli always has something new to try. I love the deli section, you can get so many different salads and meats. Shuba is good tooAbsolutely great prices and great food.
They're fresh deli market section is phenomenal, super large selection of already cooked food great for when family comes over for dinner. When it comes to staff there are some that are very friendly and sweet and there are some staff that seem to hate their life, I've learned to come to avoiding those who have a bad attitude. All in all great place to shop for the week's groceries or for just that night's dinner ;)I come here to do grocery and I am always surprised by their inventory. For me their deli is a done deal and yhey have many different kind of cheeses and cuts of good meat.Inexpensive! Fresh produce and an awesome olive/deli bar. I was in Bell's Market recently to do some shopping before Passover. It was a one stop shopping experience! They had everything I needed. Veggies, soup greens and I even found these gems called "French Style Eggplant." If you're a fan of eggplant & garlic (these are rolled up eggplants with mayo, garlic, dill and carrots), you must try these. I got half of a pound (which gave me 6) and ate 3 when I got home and the remaining 3 with dinner. I was thinking of making these, but why bother when I can get them at Bell's Market. I was also happy to see that they now have garlic stuffed olives, too! I got myself a pound of those babies! The only disappointment was that they did not have packages of cut up chicken pieces. I had to get individual packages of chicken parts. No worries, though, my total was under $40. If that was Superfresh or Acme, with all the chicken I purchased, it would have been well over that amount, that's for sure. Just a warning if you're not Russian. Sometimes you might get the feeling that you're just a little out of place there. It's not so much the employees, but the other shoppers. I don't know, maybe it's just me!Girl behind bakery counter is very rude . I wanted 2 pounds of cake , she picked up a slice that was out of shape and didn't look fresh . I nicely asked her if she can cut me new one from  the full cake . To my surprise she said NO and I walked away . How can you make your business loose 15 bucks and future business  . They don't sample the deli food . Same girl said no couple months ago after I asked her to taste a fish that I was willing to buy 3 pounds of . Stopped going there . They need to check how the competition run their business .Oh man. I have discovered another gem at Bell's Market!!! It's the breads! The freshly baked multi-grain breads and rolls. Warm and toasty... and oh so good. OMG they're so delicious. They have nuts and some seeds on the outside and a few on the inside. SO GOOD! Sorry, you get the point!
Also found their containers of sour pickles and tomatoes. Oh joy! I'm really in salty-food heaven now!
Tons of variety when it comes to smoked fish. Banner's Bagel Cuts Nova package is just $8.99 for 12 oz. You can't beat that price! They've made some layout changes where breads are concerned. You were able to get them  near the produce section/olive bar, but it's no longer there. It's now towards the pharmacy.This market in NE Philadelphia is indeed has  a large variety of products.Big selection of cheeses and meats,prepared food but unfortunately very low quality and its not fresh. The  ladies at the deli are not friendly at all.this is not a store where you can just grab and go you have to check the expiration date of every single item and when I say that i mean that literally. I live right around the corner but whenever I need to do grocery shopping I skip this store, I'd rather drive,20 more minutes to get to the other Russian store but at least I'll buy much better products and won't be worried to get sick on my stomach because of the not so fresh  produce.What an awesome place! The produce is great, good selection and low prices. The deli holds a special place in my heart lol. The meats and various sausages are great quality, items you can't find in your average supermarket. The staff that I've dealt with have been friendly and helpful. They have an olive and pickled products area. All around good place to shop, especially if you're looking for European food items.Huge sausage selection, great ready food department, Russian juices (peach, pear, apricot + mors - Russian tradition berry punch), variety of canned vegetables and mushrooms, great tea selection and fresh inexpensive delicious bread. There is also choice of smoked fish, herring, salmon and great cakes. I'm regular here.Great selection of russian and european food. amazing supermarketI do my weekly grocery shopping here and have only good things to say about this place. They have fresh fruits and veggies, workers are nice, and prices are fair.Amazing Market with incredible selection of foods from across Europe! Prepared foods are the best in the city as well as their pickle bar. 
Incredible fresh bakery with great cakes and sweets also. Highly recommend the deli. Never ending election of meats and cheeses.
Produce section is always a great deal and very fresh. I think that may be what they are most known for (could be wrong).What a selection of Eastern European Meats & Delicacies. A grade produce of all types. Pickles mushrooms olives specialty salads. It's so hard to choose. Variety of cheeses unbelievable meat section. Smoked cured pickled fishes and if it's your cup of tea wonderful caviar's. Exquisite desserts Exquisite prepared foods all for a fair price. Help is very friendly can be a little difficult if you don't speak Russian or Ukrainian but most everyone there is patient and helpful. The only exception one miserable short blonde haired lady in the baking area. She almost cost them V Star but nothing is perfect in this world but Bell's Market comes closeI brought my mom here for the cheap produce and she absolutely loved it!  She wants to come back down (lives an hour and a half away) soon and get some more goodies since she didn't bring her "cold bags" last time.  :)  I found these little sundaes in the freezer section that are a little bit of heaven.  They come in a glass in all different flavors - we wanted to share one and decided on the pistachio with chocolate sauce.  Sooooo good, I want to try them all!The taste of everything I've ever purchased from here is easily 5 star! Bell's Market is a Russian grocery store in a shopping center in the NE known as Bell's Corner. They offer foods indigenous to the Eastern European region, and most packaged foods strictly have Russian labels. Don't let that deter you if that's not your language. I sometimes venture out and try some packaged foods, but mostly I stick to prepared food and the bakery only. And for that alone, I absolutely love this place!! 
This place makes life easy for this Mama who cooks three different meals a night sometimes!  (Vegetarian kids, vegan mom, carnivore hubs=OY!) Not only can I grab some easy sides for the kiddos for the week such as potato pancakes, pierogis, and mashed potatoes, I grab hubs chicken, salmon he adores and fish filets for his entrees. I always pick up a 1/2 lb of marinated shiitake mix. I top his chicken with them and some melted provolone and I mix them into cheesesteaks I make for him. I get them all blintzes too. Potato and cheese for them, mushroom for him. They say they're fantastic! Large and cheap too! 
I on the other hand LOOOOOVE their salads, prepared veggies, and cooked healthy grains! These are a few of my favorites: 
-Eggplant roll with walnuts (very similar taste to an eggplant salad I order at a local Uzbek restaurant) 
-avocado, cucumber salad 
-Israeli cous cous with cucumber and tomatoes. 
-Greek salad 
-Harvest salad 
-grilled veggies 
-The best cucumber salad with so much dill and vinegar! YUM! 
-kasha with mushrooms. 
-bulgur wheat 
-summer salad, which is cabbage and cucumber. 
-Russian eggplant spread 
....just to name a few! 
You really can't go wrong with any salad. They always offer at least three to sample on the counter too! There's sections both in the front and back of house with theses items. Go to both. They offer slightly different foods! 
They're heavy on the eggplant here which is great because I have yet to master the art of cooking that purple beauty. 
The tags do not list the ingredients, but the women behind the counter know exactly what's in each dish. Just ask! Some that look like they are in oil are actually in vinegar, which is better for the calorie conscious so don't shy away if you think it's oil! Ask! 
The breads are not to be missed! Holy crap they are amazing!! And cheap!!! Grab some! Huge bagels, flaky croissants, the round bread is delish and what will look familiar to you if you frequent any of the Eastern European restaurants in the area. The pumpkin seeded roll is to die for! Definitely my favorite baked item here!
Hubs says the cakes however are just "good". They are very impressive looking though! Take a peek! He's tried the eclairs, tiramisu and walnut cake so far. 
While the women at prepared foods section have always been sweet, the cashier aren't the friendliest and expect for not everyone to understand you. 
They give senior discounts everyday of the week except for Saturdays. 
*Watch out in the parking lot! Crazy drivers in there!!
Store & cashiers-3 
Prepared Food and breads-5 star all the way!I live in South Philly and I make my parents take me here whenever I visit them in the Northeast. It's that good. Most things are way cheaper than American grocery stores, though the produce prices are hit or miss. The selection of American products is better than some full-sized supermarkets; they have more varieties of Silk than Whole Foods. I'm eating their bulgur salad with feta and chickpeas right now, actually (though I think it's couscous, not bulgur). For a half-pound container, which is more than enough for lunch, I spent $2. Some of the baked goods can be bland but their blintzes are amazing, especially the strawberry ones. They also do a mean Japanese seaweed salad. Basically, hit up the prepared food counters and the well-stocked olive bar and get a little bit of everything, because it's all fresh and cheap and most of it is incredibly delicious.I have lived in Philly practically all of my life and never knew about this place until recently. There is always a sale...on everything! I was able to buy avocados for $.79 each and blackberries and raspberries sometimes are $2 a pint. My favorite section of entire supermarket is the "hot foods" area - I love their Eggplant Parmesan - 4 pieces for less than $4! I also love their egg salad, which they make with fresh dill. I stay away from the dessert section because I can eat a whole cake in one sitting - they have an amazing selection of sweets that I will try one day. 
So, if you are in the Bustleston and Castor area, stop by Bell's Market for groceries, lunch and dessert.I used to go here when I really wanted to find some good traditional Ukrainian foods or imported teas. I dreaded each trip here because the staff is rude and  much of the time the other customers are rude as well. It was the only local place at the time that I was aware of where I could get certain foods items. I was so happy when a store closer to us opened up with nicer staff and wonderful assortment of European foods and imported items. Needless to say, Bell's market is a thing of the past for me.This is a predominantly Russian market. They have a huge selection of fresh produce including some things you cannot find at a regular supermarket such as pluots. They have fresh cheese, meats, olives, pickles as well as a bakery with a variety of fresh bread and pastries. Their hot food counter seemed like it went on for a mile with many dishes I've never heard of but definitely want to try.  Grocery items are plentiful with a majority of products from Europe. Their chocolate selection is unbelievable. Everything we bought was superb. We will be back!I like their wide range of ethnic foods and not only from Russia. Their bakery is really good.I stopped by the new Feasterville, PA location yesterday, which opened for business a few days ago.  For those who are unaware, this site was formerly a "Giant", until they moved to where the K-Mart used to be on Street Road. 
Pulling into the parking area, I noticed a lot of cars, which is always a good sign.  Quite a bit of thought was put into appropriating this location as it is bifurcated into essentially two units: prepared homemade foods/deli and store isles.  The homemade foods section was replete with traditional Eastern European favorites found at the Rhawnhurst location.  Additionally, they have breads, a pastry department, meats and seafood, as well as a pharmacy, which is not yet open. Also, this location sells beer. 
Demographically speaking, there are thousands of people within a 5-10 mile radius of the new location who are either first or second generation immigrants who by default would be the target clientele of Bells. However, with this new location I think Bells Market wants to create a new type of customer: basically someone who shunned Russian supermarkets in the past for one reason or another and expose them to foods and culture they may or may not be familiar with.
As the new Bells location "finds its groove", it will be interesting to see which market earns more customer loyalty - Netcost or Bells. Personally, I think there is more than enough business for both to flourish.Wow!  An unbelievably awesome resource for food, especially of the Russian variety, but also from lots of other cultures as well.  Any number of sections of this store are good enough to bring me in the door and keep me coming back, and together it's one of those rare gems that I want to give a 6-star rating.
Let's break it down one-by-one:
(1) Produce.  The produce here is outstanding.  The selection is huge, and you can get produce from a wide range of different cultures...things like Taro Root, Jicama, and one thing I loved was that they often had different sizes of the same thing.  For example, they had the little Taro, and the giant elephant's ear Taro, and they had two different sizes of Avocado, two different sizes of Blood Orange.  The prices were some of the lowest I've found in the Philly metro area, and the stuff was very fresh.
(2) Smoked Fish.  I have never seen so much smoked fish under the same roof before in my life.  The prices on it are also very reasonable.  They also have a lot of cold smoked fish--if you like lox, you're in luck because you can also get cold smoked trout and various other cold smoked fish.  They also have a huge case of different types of pickled herring.
(3) Prepared foods.  There are two separate deli sections which have a wide assortment of ready-to-eat dishes, including lots of little cold salads made of all sorts of fresh ingredients.  They're beautiful, colorful, fresh, multicultural, and very reasonably priced!
And there's so much more miscellaneous awesomeness.  A great selection of loose-leaf tea, especially if you (like me) are a fan of the large-leaf grades of Ceylon tea, like Ceylon OPA, the very dark stuff with a very rich, bold flavor.  Very good fresh-baked bread.  A great dairy section with a huge selection of feta, farmer's cheese, kefir, and some unusual cheeses that you won't see in a typical supermarket nor in a typical specialty cheese store.
I recommend checking this place out.  The only downside is that it's in probably the most car-oriented part of the whole Philly metro area...far from any train line.  People without a car will be pleased to know though that the 58 bus runs pretty often, which connects with the end of the MFL.  Not super convenient but at least not totally inaccessible without a car.My favorite grocery shopping place in Philly. Everything is always fresh. Employees are very professional. Love their bakery products. And prices are good for what you get.I went to the new Bell's Market in Feasterville looking for a new experience in shopping.   Well I found it. When I got home I noticed I was overcharged several dollars on 2 items.  When I brought my receipt to the service desk I was asked where is the orange juice I bought? I said it's home. I was overcharged over $3.00 for it and over $2.00 for Klondike bars. I was asked in a very rude way did I use my Club Card.  I said no I didn't. She looked at me as if I were trying to scam the store. I felt as I was being interrogated! Then she left the counter and came back to scan a package of Klondike bars and checked it against my receipt.  She said this is crazy and I agreed. With no eye contact and a in a very low voice she said "sorry bout that" and walked away. I guess I don't have to go back there again.For a supermarket you just can't compare it to the big chain grocery stores. This is an authentic Russian grocery store. My hubs is Ukrainian so we come here often for those "weird eastern European" treats and delicacies. My favorite thing about this store is the selection of real juices. They are all written in Russian but you'll be ok if you can read the pictures. They were never concentrated, it is full fruit juice. 
Make sure you check expiration dates on everything. 
Haven't had luck with the fruit, grapes for example are a lot cheaper than a big box grocery store but they are much smaller and quicker to expire. The other thing I don't like and we never buy is raw meats here. I guess if it was dated as stocked that same day that might change my mind but their meats always look like they've been sitting there for awhile. 
There is almost an entire aisle donated to olives, juices, and this repeats with other foods that are very popular with Russia and Ukraine.
Their sweets/desserts are fantastic. Poppy seeds are one of those things they can't get enough of, the joke in the family is this is why a Uke can never pass a drug test... they have some really great poppy desert rolls. 
Not being a Russian speaker and very minimal Ukrainian it does make me feel like I don't belong when they speak to each other in Russian and the workers aren't pleasant in general. 
Lastly, the store could be cleaner. Sad to say this is what I've come to expect in philly outside center city but they could be cleaner and to me this is a necessity when dealing with food.
NetCost on Welsh is also a Russian supermarket and is a COMPLETELY different experience. There are employees everywhere willing to help you, constantly cleaning and restocking items even if just one is missing, they are helpful and the store is extremely clean. Worth the 5 minute drive from Bell's.Went here to buy perogies. The people behind the counter had no idea what I talking about when I asked a simple question. When ,with another customer's help we found the fresh perogies in the display case , they looked horrible..small and oddly shaped. When I asked if they sold frozen ones they pointed to a display case ...in the case were Mrs. T's...seriously? Don't bother going here for perogies.I like this place for Herbal teas, Dairy, and Olives. Once I got Spinach it had worms. Since then I never got any Greens from them.Tastes from the mother land! Many of the people working here are from Moldova, so they speak Russian and Romanian. They make the best Odessa Salad and a bunch of their other eggplant salads are great, too. In the deli, they have cabanos, krakowian salami, and many more great meats. Then there's the ready made food, which is my favorite part of the store, and on top of all that, they also carry all kinds of European goods (nutella, Kinderschokolade, Dutch cocoa).I can't recall what question I asked Yelp to receive "Bell's Market" as an answer but boy am I happy about the answer.   Until I wandered into Bell's, I envisioned Russian cuisine as homogenous and uninteresting:  Blini and boiled meat and root vegs.  Wrong, wrong, wrong.   The country is so vast and borders so many other countries that its cuisine is wildly diverse.  Indeed, Bell's offerings go well beyond Russian and Eastern European foodstuffs, such as lychee juice from the Far East, halvah from the Middle East, pickles from India, honey from New Zealand and guavas from Mexico.   An entire aisle is dedicated to juice.  There I snagged pressed pomegranate and tart cherry juices.   Thanks fellow Yelpers for alerting me to the existence of juices that were never reconstituted from concentrate.  No more Pom for me!   The olive and pickle bar is ginormous, and I have become fascinated by the pickled apples.  Will have to try them one of these days.   Bell's also regularly has miniature fresh guavas, which are phenomenal and nearly impossible to find elsewhere.  I was fascinated to see multiple varieties of caviar offered in the deli department.My favorite spot for deli and fresh bakery! You will find a lot of good stuff. Have my standard shopping list when go there. It's mostly Russian spoke but everybody speaks English as well. They open most holidays. Personnel IS NOT RUDE. It's different mentality, so accept it and just enjoy good quality products PS. I don't buy fresh produce there it is too pricy.This is the best market in the area. They know produce and respect cultural differences. The selection is amazing. Take your time when you come here, read labels and try something new. This is a cooks paradise.We have been customers of Bells Market for many years. They sold us salami that was not in a good condition to consume. Next day, we came back to the store and retuned it. It was all good till they came up and start arguing with us that we should have tried it before we buy it, and this is how salami should look like and taste. Those cashiers were really rude. Was a really bad experience. We won't come back to this store.Better prices than NetCost but a little bit run down on the inside. Their produce is super cheap and the bakery is awesome. My wife is from Moldova so we go here about once a month to buy Vita juice and all kinds of dark breads.I like their deli but you need time to go there. Those ladies at the deli sure take their time. Also a smile every now and then wouldn't hurt. They are not very friendly. But their lunch meats and cheeses are very good. The price is right too.
The bread is good too but I found crusty bread that isn't cut which sucks. 
Also the cashiers need to be friendlier.We shop here because it offers a non-commercial experience and there are some really exceptional deals.  The fresh produce section is bursting with all manner of fruits and vegetables.  Several types of cabbage, potatoes, carrots, eggplants, onions, herbs, apples, oranges, berries, mushrooms, watermelon, leeks, Chinese eggplant, apricots, pomegranates, beets, etc. You get the idea. Prices are outstanding and everything is fresh.  The bakery here is also wonderful. Cheap loaves of freshly baked bread, $1.99 for a fragrant loaf.  $4.99 in your local Acme or Shoprite. An aromatic array of freshly baked danish, bagels, rolls, Eastern European breads and cakes. The staff here is a bit unfriendly, almost brusque if you are not Russian, which we are not.  I don't know why this is. Bell's also has a prepared food counter with all sorts of exotic dishes from Russia and other former Soviet states. A fresh olive and pickle bar, a decent deli.  Their meat are also reasonably priced and fresh.  A different experience.  Don't be put off by the unfriendliness of the staff.  You will get a bang for your buck here.I love this place and have recommended it to work associates from Eastern Europe.  The salad bar and prepared foods are especially good. You can tell that they're made by people who grew up cooking from authentic recipes.  
The store carries a full range of canned vegetables and pickles from well-known European brands.  The breads and pastries are also freshly made. I drive 40 miles to shop at Bells, it's well worth it.I cannot say enough great things about this great local market! Their selection of foods is amazing and they always have everything I need. The produce that they sell is top-notch, and always tastes fresh! Their strawberries and mangos would have to be my favorite. Also, their pastries are homemade and are absolutely delicious. The owner and staff are very friendly and helpful as well!I do my weekly grocery shopping here and have only good things to say about this place. They have fresh fruits and veggies, as well as delicious ready to eat dishes. The workers are nice, and the prices are fair.Bell's Market is a pretty decent store located in the Rhawnhurst section of Northeast Philadelphia.  The store caters chiefly to Eastern Europeans as the majority of the labels are written in Russian, Ukrainian, and Polish.   This is further reinforced by the sheer volume of imported meats and cheeses offered.   However, during today's visit, I also noticed customers from the Middle East (women wearing burkas) as the demographics of the neighborhood have changed. In addition, they have a prepared foods section offering homemade items at reasonable prices (as compared to ordering them from a restaurant) in my view.
Aside from what I mentioned above, they have a large selection of fruits and vegetables with some items comparable to local farmers markets in terms of price.  
All in all, Bells has been around for many years and I foresee continued success in their future!I am a new fan-- I'll be back and I'll write a more detailed review. But for starters: from the pickle bar to the impressive layer cakes and fragrant breads, this place is a real treasure. The plate of food in my first pic is from the prepared food section. It's an eggplant/walnut roll (SO good), a potato/ beef latke, a mushroom/eggplant roll, and magic carrot salad. All delish, all for under 5 bucks. 
I also bought about 6 pounds of imported sweets for $25, so I got that goin for me. :-D 
If you love olives, they carry about 25 varieties in the pickle bar! Check 'em out!Come here couple times a year to do shopping for Ukrainian holidays (Easter, xmas, New Years). 
The store is big, well organized, could be a little cleaner though. Service is a hit or miss, but it has improved over the years. 
Deli and bakery departments are definitely the stars of the show. Tried prepared meals couple times, and they were not too bad (a little too bland for my taste but nothing some salt and pepper couldn't fix). 
One thing I don't comprehend about Russian stores in philly is why the heck I can't take out a cart in a parking lot?!? You can't block couple parking spots for carts and hire two extra guys to bring them back?I look forward to coming here on weekends. I used to go to places like Shoprite, Aldi....we know them all. Nothing quite adds up to this grocery store. Yes, this is a Russian store but that's the allure. The prices are great and sometimes better than the average grocery store. Produce is fresh and in abundance. 
They have a Pickle Bar. Don't just think about pickles; think about everything you can pickle like Kimchi, Seaweed, Salad, Cabbage, and much more. 
My favorite part of the market is probably the Deli and Bakery. All baked goods are fresh. You can find a variety of sweet and savory items. They make Blintzes, Donuts, Breads, Rolls, Croissants, Cakes...the works. 
The down side to this awesomeness is popularity. Get here early. Crowds are horrendous and the parking lot is a war zone. Come ready for battle.Been shopping here for a number of years.
Great selection everything and mostly great quality.
Today, the market looked raped following Christmas and New year.
I'd like to see the fresh meat area be thoroughly made over.  It's not very appealing.
Same with their dairy area.  It looks v unsavory at best of times.
Good resource.Staff is stone faced and as cold as the freezer aisle of a supermarket! 
If you are fortunate enough to not look like you are from old Russian country, be prepared to be followed around and stared down at cash register!
It is a requirement for employees to be of Eastern European descent. 
On two occasions(yes 2 I gave 2nd chance),As I reached into my purse to grab my credit card to pay I was told by cashier that "we don't take ebt"! (No joke). I have heard similar incidences from other shoppers I encountered who just happen to be non- Caucasian. 
I only gave 4 stars so review would show up. In reality it's a 2. An extra point for fresh produce and vegetables! 
Advice to management:- 
work on improving customer service skills
Smile every once in a while yeah!I recently moved to Northeast Philly and Bells Market has become a positive part of my new neighborhood. The size is deceptive. There's a big store in there. I tend to go for the fresh produce-- They have a great selection of fruits and vegetables. They often have great prices and very nice, first quality . My last visit there I discovered they had fresh, not dried out Dates. I'd never seen them in a grocery store. I had to try them. They're a fun treat. The same day I felt some unusual long, actually very beautiful peppers. 
They have a big selection of salads, desserts, bread and dairy. They serve the eastern European community and many of their items have Russian/Cyrillic labeling.I'm not into this market at all. It has really gone downhill over the years. The prices are very high on common items that every other grocery store has, so why bother? It looks dingy and dirty throughout and the employees aren't very friendly.
The produce is always pretty bad looking. Everything rotting. Years ago this was a much nicer place. It's a shame, really. I would rather go to Net Cost Market at Welsh & Bluegrass.I really enjoy shopping at Bells the deli food is delicious. If you're looking for something different don't hesitate to expand your culinary experience.At Bell's market today I had the worst grocery store shopping experience ever. I was getting some grapes when a store employee approached me and start yelling at me. I couldn't understand much oh what he was saying, as his English wasn't really easy to understand. But he ended his yelling with with pointing his finger at me and making treatening facial expression.
I was with my 6 month old son, so he got scared also of the employee aggressive approach. I walked away as I wasn't sure what this guy wanted or is capable of provided I was with my baby son. Not I nice place, beware of the rude staff!
M.I remember when this supermarket was just a small store. As nearby stores closed or moved the Bells Market just expanded. There was a Staples computer store that closed, and Bells moved in and became a supermarket. The quality of the products are fine overall. ALWAYS check the expiration dates on the canned and bottled products. I bought expired products many many times. Shame on me because I would forget to check. If you did buy an expired product, you can take it to the customer service, and they will always refund. I sometimes even think about calling FDA, so they check the place inside out. I also find that their meats are not of very fresh quality. Several times I bought a seemingly fresh meat, but when I unpacked it...it was smelly! I just stopped buying meat at their store. Prepared food is good. Big plus they now bake bread.