The food and drink selection is on par with other bars, but I've never seen much of a crowd in there.  It definitely is more of a dive now then it used to be.  The food prices are pretty expensive, so I tend to avoid this place unless friends specifically want to go.
When I say expensive, I ordered the mozzarella sticks appetizer.  It was $7.95.  I got two sticks.  Most places give you three times that for the same price.Place has some ok service, but if your going there to order the all-you-can-eat crab legs on Monday or Tuesday then I wouldn't suggest it they don't have the big and good crab legs they have the cheap small crab legs you get at the Chinese buffet idk wasn't that great.We have went twice now for the all you can eat Alaskan Snow Crab Legs on Monday night. Its a great deal! The crabs come out steaming hot and fresh every batch. I think our waitress name was Erica and she was really friendly and nice; which made our visit that much better. We don't live around the area but this place is well worth the trip! We have had some other appetizers and everything has been fabulous. We are looking forward to our next visit!Now I know people who will swear by this place but I think it's just okay.  I didn't like any of the servers and the wait in between dishes is unbelievable.  It's more of a sports bar now than a restaurant however.  Eh, you can skip this place and you won't be missing too much.Jamie was our waiter and he took good care of us. We definitely need more people like him serving in restaurants. He was very professional and attentive. The food and atmosphere makes it the perfect hang out spot with friends.Their playlist had some really good music. Not too loud and not too dead. Menu prices are fair. Only complaint was the long wait, waited an hour until we got our entrees. But a little understandable because they had a good crowd. I will be back for more.Came here for lunch with a client.  Having only come here before for drinks, I decided to try out the food.  What a mistake!
Ordered the Bleu Burger & seasoned fries.
Asked for medium rare.
The burger comes out with horrible blue cheese topped on it (had to be some sort of fake blue cheese - I never had anything taste like this).  And, it was well done.
How can you not make a decent burger when you have 10 of them on your menu????
The waitress could give a crap about us, even though we were 1 of 4 tables there. (Should have known better when no one was there for lunch).
I'm giving this one star because the fries were half decent.
In addition, the bathrooms were filthy  and the floors were sticky as hell.  C'mon man!  You can't take the time to clean the place up!?!
Definitely will not be going there again....unless Gordon Ramsey comes in and cleans the place up on Kitchen Nightmares....The place is pretty nice. Our waitress wasn't that good. Got the steam pot. The snow crabs legs must have been from a baby crab. Smallest crab legs I've ever seen. But, decent beer selection, would go back. Just wouldn't get the steam pot ever again.I live in Center City and so look forward to going to Benny the Bums at least once a month.  The bum salad is absolutely the best salad ever, the buffalo shrimp so refreshing in place of chicken wings... not to mention the other food I have tasted.  The service or I should say severs are so polite, fast, and clean.  My tab
It was cleaned up no dirty dishes... Great atmosphere.   Thumbs up... Don't miss out on this wonderful place.  AND while they have them, they are groupons!!!!!My wife wanted to try this place for some time.  I have to admit I was skeptical based on name and location (in a strip mall).  I was completely wrong...the food was very good and the service was even better.  The waitress joked with us without being overly chatty.  We went on a Friday night at around 7pm and it was not too crowded and were quickly seated.  Food came out in no time and it was very, very good!  The modern presentation of the dishes was unexpected and pretty impressive.  Overall, a really good time.  We will definitely be going back.I've been here off and on a few times.  Large semi private booths, a large sport's bar, which during Phillies Games, hot dogs and Bud drafts are only $2.00 each.  
I have had the clams casino and the clam chowder, which are both good, I've had better.  The lump crab cakes are their house specialty and the crab legs sauteed in garlic butter is enough to make you want to go back.
They feature 1/2 price appetizers, Mon. thru Fri., during happy hour and $1. off all drinks.  They have a band night, a trivia night and a private party area.
Worth checking out.  Food and service are okay. 
http://bennythebums.com/NE/v2.asp
Note: They now have a new location in South Philly!We went for an early (4:30ish) dinner on a Monday and it was really good! Waitresses were very friendly and attentive. I had snapper soup which was very good although I would prefer chunks of snapper rather than shredded meat. 
My husband had lump crab ala vodka with angel hair and he loved it. I had seafood Chesapeake which was surprisingly good. It was a mix of shrimp, scallops, and 2 little lobster tails in a cast iron dish with butter sauce and a ton of crabmeat. Not lump crab, but it was tasty. The cole slaw was so good!
I hadn't been here since back in the 90s but I'm happy to find it is still really good, if not better.Went for lunch on a Sunday. Jacob was our waiter & gave us fantastic service!! I had the lump crab cake, sweet potatoes fries with caramel dipping sauce & sautéed spinach with garlic. Hubby has chicken parm. Everything was served with a smile, in a timely manner & was delicious!!! Best clam chowder around!!! Will def be back!!!Mixed seafood over linguini with oil and garlic fabulous.  Calamari appetizer not so much.  But love their food.Food was extremely salty, almost inedible! Other than the food being way over salted, everything else was OK!First off, I normally don't feel the need to write reviews for places I dined, but when you received service this flawless, one can learn to appreciate it enough to give a decent feedback. Seafood themed dishes were delicious, clam chowder was best I've had in a long while, crab cakes were deliciously awsome, just enough saltiness, and tang from homemade tarter sauce served with a side of sweet potatoes to balance it all.
     Drinks came out in very good timing, in fact, I can truly say it's the fastest bar service I ever had, despite the fact that it was a full bar, I couldn't even tell by the way they was able to accommodate my party's drink requests, 
     Music was definitely on point!!!! Shoutouts to the DJ for good taste, I couldn't eat sitting still, I was bopping my head with every bite off my dinner. 
    To sum it all up, please give this place a try, but leave the kids home, garunteed you'll be fighting an urge to want to dance, oh I forgot to mention the dance floor and lazer lights also, not tacky at all in the way things were arranged. I know I will be coming back. Flawless service, I haven't been Able to say that in a long while.Great stuff again today! They cut down on the quantity of the muscles and they were not hot, but still good.The food was really good & Lauren was such a sweetheart as our waitress. The next time I'm in town, I'll come back.I think the three star rating is a fair one. Remember...you are in Northeast Philly NOT Fishtown. Average bar like atmosphere. Nothing special. The wings here are pretty great although they are pricey.I always have fun here. Not sure if it's the place or the people I come with. Always a great spot in northeast Philly. Sometimes the place is a bit dirty looking but can't blame the place when drunks spill their drinks all over. Food is decent not spectacular but then again I'm no seafood connoisseur. Drinks are decent and priced well. Fun vibe all the time.Had dinner there for the first time. I usually end up there with coworkers for happy hour. It was a great experience. I had decided to take mu girlfriend there because I recently purchased a Groupon voucher. The food was excellent and the atmosphere was festive. The latter part was probably due to the Phillies winning. As for having a good view of the TV, each booth has its own personal flat screen. OOOHH YEAH!  Our server, Lucy, was amazing. She came and  checked on us and anticipated our every need. This place was worth the money even before the Groupon voucher.  Casual atmosphere and very pleasing beer selection on tap.The service here is great. The restaurant is big, big bar area, extensive menu. However, the only reason why I'm giving this place 2 stars is because the food I had wasn't what I expected it to be. I had the mussel linguine and there was just no sauce or flavor to it. The noodles and mussels were overcooked. I expected a lot more since this is a seafood restaurant. But, I hope to come back soon and try something else.Buffalo shrimp is the bomb!!! Never a disappointment, mussels in the White sauce is awesome every time I order it. Tonight I got their bum salad and seared tuna, all of which is fantastic!!! Amanda was our waitress and she couldn't be more helpful and friendly. Food is excellent and the staff is awesome, thanks Amanda!!!Benny the bums food is always great. The macaroni is not as great as it once was for some reason but I enjoy the pasta as well as the crab cakes . Love the drinks also.I bought a groupon deal for Benny the bum's. It happened that my friend and I went there on Thursday night. O My God! It was so crowd and music was lowed. We could not talk to each other all evening. All we heard was a music. However we really enjoyed the food. they have the Thursday special Lobster Bake.  It was a bit of spicy , but tasteful.  If you are a lover of seafood than you can try that dish. The service is good in a overall, but don't forget to take ear  plugs with you!Foods not too bad. I love this place on a Saturday night. Such a mixed, quirky crowd. Music sometimes sucks but it's still fun.This is one of the worst food establishments I've ever been to. I cant believe this place is still open. Please save your moneyI came here for dinner on a Friday night, not really knowing what to expect since I've heard the bar can get rowdy.  I was surprised it was a larger place than I had thought at the end of a strip mall.       It seemed to be a mainly the butt-end of the happy hour crowd, but there were also families dining as well.  It's a bit dark inside like a tavern, but the ambiance while not trendy seemed to be somewhat eclectic and tasteful. 
The service was pleasant, without being superfluously chatty.  I ordered:  Blue Point Oysters which were very fresh and large (5 per order), bacon-wrapped scallops (3 per order) which were cooked perfectly but the accompanying sweet and sour sauce didn't enhance the dish at all so I ate them plain, and the chocolate lava cake which was moist and delicious, albeit the portion a bit small.  The food overall was a good value. 
It's nice that a decent seafood place exists in Northeast Philly, when I'm not up for driving into Center City.I've been to Benny the Bum's dozens of times over the last twenty years and I've never had a bad experience. I've always found the food, service and pricing all consistently above average. They have an early bird special every day from 4pm-7pm and great deals on Valentine's Day dinners as well!Food is pretty good. I had the famous Benny pasta with shrimp, cream of crab soup and the crab bites. All very delicious. My boyfriend on the other hand wasn't so lucky. He had the spicy Louisiana soup which was tasty, but we arrived shortly after they opened and they told us they didn't have any crabs?? Only legs. He settled for the salmon burger which was a bit over fried and crumbled everywhere. Other than that this place is good. Food came out quickly and the service is good.What a great spot! If you are looking for a place like Joes Crab Shack this is the spot! Went there over the weekend with my gf and she had the Daddy's Steam Pot thing and I had the Hungry Harry. Their crab cakes are hands down the best ive ever had! Filled with flavor the crab cakes are so moist. The flounder was incredibly tender and the sweet potato was perfect. I had the tropical fruit sangria to go with this amazing meal and it tasted like juice but def had a kick. After I drank two of them i had the giggles all the way home. Great food Great Service Great Seafood!I've been to Benny the Bum's probably 30 times over the last 2 months. There hasn't been a time over the two months that I have received bad service. Everyone that works here during the day (Tarrah, Molldi, Sierra Mist, Jenna, Jake, Monica, Amanda, and Brianna) has been exceptional. This is easily the best place to get food in the NE.A casual place with shiney tile work around the restaurant. Some sports pictures and other things are scattered around. It is comfortable and the staff were friendly, albiet slightly non-attentive. 
We had a group of 6 for lunch. Chosen due to a larger menu and lower cost. 
All the food ordered came out completed well and tastey. The menu leans slightly towards seafood. 
I had a Pulled pork sandwhich. The pork was cut thickly and slightly dry. The sauce was slightly hot. I had to down a lot of water to keep up with the dryness and heat. 
The fries were seasoned and came on the side. 
I could see this place rocking at night instead of a lunch crowd. The shiney tile work probably sparkles with lights on it. 
My only complaint, more attention from the staff. I drained my coke and never got a refill or offer for water. My staff went up and got me some water. 
Even though it was someones birthday, nothing was offered to that person from the establishment. 
The company I was with made the meal more so than the food is what I can say.We went here for Mother's Day and I loved the food. I had the creamy crab soup, filet mignon with mash potatoes and Mac and cheese. My husband had seafood casserole with penne pasta in garlic sauce we both enjoyed it. I defiantly will recommend Benni the Bum to anyone wanting good seafood.
The atmosphere was great too.Ah, Benny the Bums.  I really like going here, but only usually go when my mom and her sisters decide to have a girls' night out (mainly b/c my mom will pay for my dinner - we poor grad students have to take whatever free food we can get!). 
Anyway, the food is really, really good.  Forget about any sort of chain place (ugh, Red Lobster...) and head to BTB's.  I'm a total seafood fan, so any place that has crabs makes me happy.  They're not as good as my absolute, all-time favorite Philly crab place, which was Mimi's on the Delaware River, but that closed years ago, so I content myself with the stellar seafood at BTB's.  Good stuff.  Their non-seafood is good, too.  But just get the fish or crabs or lobster or something from the ocean.  Why else go to a seafood joint?  Oh, and their drinks are great, and the wait staff has always been friendly.  The restaurant is spacious and comfy, and the decor is really fun.  
They also opened a second location by the sports stadiums, so non-Northeasters can enjoy their food without traveling up to Bustleton Ave.  But it would be worth the trip if they hadn't opened a second location, trust me!I've been to this place multiple times and it is always great. I'm always seated right away and waiters are always nice. Depending on the night that you go, there is a dj that plays music and a dance floor open for anyone. So far I've had he seafood chesapeake and I always go back to it. I've recently tried the crab cakes and they are the best! Must visit.A bar that maintains their restrooms. Aways clean. Food is on point everyday. Awesome place for lunch and dinner. Great restaurant. And late night drinks.I've heard so much about this place but I've had better, much better at a neighborhood crab shack. For me this place is overrated but to each, his own.This is a great place to enjoy and get your grub on.First I want to say The food was great I took my wife here for BIRTHDAY both of our first time here.She ordered crabs All you can eat and she told the waitress to bring them coming and they did I even helped her out,I ordered Salmon with pineapple glaze it was great everything fresh I definitely recommend this place nice atmosphere I will go againThis place is outrageously underrated! I have been coming here for years, way back when Benny's had outdated crab house decor and was a lively neighborhood haunt with live music. With that being said, the owners reinvented Benny The Bum's to be the same lovely neighborhood spot, except with modern decor, caring staff, and innovative recreations of classic dishes. This is very much a family business, and you can ensure that the owners do their best to keep the place running efficiently.
As for food, there are several things that are must try dishes. The cherry pepper wings are a MUST and take a little longer to come out because they are baked fresh. Everything from their burgers to their Pasta Benny is delish but those two are some of my go to's.
Don't leave without getting their signature cream of crab soup- it's the best soup I've had in my life. 
Fresh seafood always and hard shell crabs available daily.
They have a full stocked bar with some of the friendliest bartenders, and be sure to come out on the weekends to experience how lit this place becomes at night. There is even a DJ on the weekends. Perfect place to grab dinner with the family or to hang out by the bar or even dance!I am mixed about Benny the Bums. My husband and I went for the first time because we purchased Groupon. I am not sure if it was because we used a Groupon but our server was not very attentive and treated us as an afterthought which ruined the whole visit for me. Food was slightly above average and the price was reasonable (even without groupon). The hostess was super nice and the environment was relaxed yet very upbeat.I've been to Benny The Bums now 3 times in the last 3 weeks, so I'm becoming quite fond of this place. Prior to 3 weeks ago, I hadn't been here for several years, so I noticed the renovations immediately. The service isn't spectacular, but I enjoy their food. The servers are always nice and friendly. I have had less than stellar service on occasions, but I don't want to dwell on those as the good has outweighed the bad. Nice people and good food equals a recipe for success. During my last couple visits I've had the cioppino pescadera, Baltimore garlic crabs and the crabs in spicy broth (Benny's Crab Pot). All were very good. At this rate, I'll be back next week. ;O)Well, I have to temper my review, just because it was Mother's Day, and I know that they'd be even more packed than usual.
This is my first time being here, though.  
They seemed a little overwhelmed with all the people who were there, which struck me as a little odd considering that this couldn't possibly have been their first holiday service.
We were seated right by the door, with TONS of people still waiting to be seated, so there was a time or two that I felt there was someone over my shoulder salivating over my dinner.  
The seafood tasted pretty good on the way down.  The fries were a little over-done.  They also had some low-rent Old Bay Seasoning on them a la Chickie and Pete's.  The food didn't 100% agree with me, but I won't hold that against them too much.
All tolled, it wasn't horrible.  I probably won't go back, just because it's so far of a drive for me, and the prices weren't low enough for what the drive and the quality and the ambiance of the place offers...Only issue I have with this place is the service is poor...when you come to a place looking to have a good time but you are getting served every 20min it can really ruin the night. Spoke to the bartender (female) and addressed the issue with her directly and I received the same result the whole night. The staff seemed older so I'm surprised that's how they operate...other than that no complaints but that's a major complaint when you are trying to enjoy yourself.Benny the Bum's has been in the area forever. When I was a kid, it was one of my family's favorite places to go for a nice seafood dinner without having to trek downtown with young kids in tow. The seafood is still good, but after the ownership changed once or twice, it's gotten a little...different.
First, it seems they've tried to turn it into more of a bar atmosphere at night, which isn't too bad. I can certainly see how they make more money this way. However, I find that this has caused BTB to lose a lot of it's charm and class. Now, if I want to go out and have a late dinner with my husband, chances are I will be ordering from a scantily clad bartender and having to listen to whatever garbage the 22 year old DJ of the night decides to start playing. It makes the actual restaurant part seem disconnected and neglected.
I have also been here for a few charity events. They do offer a nice setup, but again, it's in the middle of a restaurant. I could see if they had a separate private party room, but it's not separated at all. I for one would be a little annoyed if I was just a regular paying customer, trying to enjoy my dinner and having to listen to raffle ticket numbers being called, etc. 
All in all, Benny's is so-so. If you're in the northeast and looking for some decent food but don't care about the overall ambience, Benny's is for you.Food was great. Drinks were good too. Friendly staff. They should turn the heat up for the customers that sit closer to the front door.Every now & then I go back, but do not repeat the visit anytime soon.  Food is okay; nothing special.  It's essentially a bar which happened to add a food area.  Too noisy for me.We celebrated a group 50th, 60th and tonight our 65th birthday together.  Brett put together a delicious buffet and set up a private area for us.  The food was better than ever.  A great place to celebrate any special event.My first visit to this establishment.  I dined there early Saturday to avoid the crowds (and music). I heard good things about Benny's so I was excited to eat the seafood there. I ordered calimari as an appetizer and chicken parmigiana with fries and asparagus as an entree. The calimari was okay. The peppers with it was great but no seasoning or taste to it. The rest of the meal was okay but to me, the best part of the meal was the seasoned fries. I may need to try the chowder next time.I heard a lot about this joint long before I ever came here. My GF told me this was a local hangout but nothing special. I really liked it actually. My GF was having a small birthday get together and we decided to come here.
First, it is super spacious, and deceptively so. I was shocked at how big it is inside, both the bar area and the dining area. They also have an area for dancing.
The bartender was attentive and quick, although looked at me like I was retarded for asking for the Ketel One Orange like I just invented it. It's ok if you don't have it or never heard of it, but yeah that could have been handled better. We ordered a couple of appetizers, a crab quesadilla and a spinach and artichoke dip which were both large and super tasty and came out fast!
As more people began to arrive I asked the manager/owner for a larger table and he had us seated and moved from the bar instantly. Great service. We got our own little corner for the six or eight of us and it was just perfect. Our waiter was on it! Kept on checking on us and helping out. 
At a certain point, the DJ showed up and started playing music VERY loudly. Like you couldn't talk loud. So yeah, I guess this is what they do on the weekends late in the evening, so if you're not into that, you've been warned. They also have some silly light show operation during the DJ period where the lights seem to flicker on and off. We all thought the power was going out. So yeah that was weird. Anyways, would definitely return soon. Love the ample parking and being close to home.Benny's on a Bustleton is a real crab house. Everything there is about the Baltimore-style hard shell crabs -- and as far as I'm concerned, they're the best in the area. Benny's offers a full bar and kitchen, too, and specials like Wednesday Prime Rib night and Thursday's Lobster bake -- these are other justifiable excuses to have a meal at Benny's
On the conceptual front, Benny's was deftly conceived for an independent local venture, and I'm glad to see the owners opening a second location in South Philly. On weekends, they bring in a DJ, and the place turns into a social atmosphere for singles in their thirties, forties and fifties. Apparently, at the new South Philly location, Bob Pantana hosts his radio show for that oldies station, 98.1 WOGL, on Saturday nightsI went to this place on Sunday night with my brother, it was a very nice experience, cool bartenders, prices are good and awesome music, my advice is to go there better than sitting at home and enjoy the drink and the music.We use to like this place but very disappointed and not going back.  Overpriced King Crab Legs which were not very good.  Sam's Club sells superior crab legs.     Nothing came with it-- a baked potato at least should have been included.  Meatballs and sausage with pasta was mediocre.     Service was good though.  Caesar Salad was tasty.   Overall our bill was ridiculous for average food.   Much better seafood restaurants.Don't judge this bar by its cover or location. This is a great spot for a fantastic dinner and drinks! Enjoyed a pineapple martini and frozen hurricane while waiting for our spicy red Louisiana clam soup. The drinks were strong and extremely drinkable. The soup had a fantastic Cajun spice, not too spicy. Full of clams, veggies and potatoes. The cup of soup with oyster crackers were a perfect started. I ordered the broiled scallops over risotto w/spinach. The scallops were perfectly cooked, tender not rubbery at all, with a nice seer on the outside. My man ordered the broiled swordfish with rice and broccoli. Both dinners were delicious. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. 
No dessert because we were stuffed - this gem in northeast Philadelphia area will be a go-to spot!Poorly managed, mediocre service, food declining in quality. Made reservation for 6, the manage tried to cram us into a booth for four, then seated two groups in booth for six while we waited 45 minutes to sit a booth made for 12! Never apologized, didn't offer a drink - what a clown. If it's not his first week in the business, it ought to be his last.
check out the reviews for their place on Packer Ave - went downhill, closed up. So will this one.Went here on a Wednesday night, meet up with a good friend. Right off Bustleton Ave. The inside, had same look as the one on Packer, it had old statue of fisherman, but a sports lounge, modern look. Very confused what their theme was. It didn't flow. 
Onto the food: my friend got the dungeness crab, & i got Crab cake entree which came with veggies, choice of fries, mash potato, or bake potato. I got veggies, mash. It was very good, lots of lump crab meat, hardly any filler. His Dungeness came, didn't seem like alot for $21.00. Our waitress was attentive, which i liked. She came around least twice to make sure everything was good, did we need anything. All in all, it was a good meeting place for two of us to meet., half way point.Nice drink ,,, great oysters, terrible crab legs were do. Skinny,,, this was our anniversary dinner after driving 1 hour I expected more,,  we had the prime ribs special, looks great but cook does not know the difference between well done and medium rareTypical bar, good to come here to watch the game, many tvs, good music on the weekends, good seafood, good service, prices are reasonable. The bartenders and servers are all very attentive and take care of their customers well! They always try to come up with creative drink specials and dinner specials every night.  Their red Louisiana crab soup is amazing.Thank you so much to the adorable, honest hostess that returned my $800 sunglasses which i forgot in the bathroom! I am SO grateful!!!Not a good first impression. Upon entering near the front door were several small plastic baggies that contained used heroin / cocaine use. Is this the clientele that frequents this restaurant? The bar crowd was very loud not making for an enjoyable dining experience. The food was mediocre and not worth the price. This is a frequent problem when I visit a Philly location and why I moved to the suburbs. Now I have a choice of much better restaurants.What was once a great place for dinner and drinks sadly was an example of poor service and indifference. 
The guys manning the entrance were deeply involved in conversation as we waited for a table. When I decided we waited long enough and to seat ourselves at the bar we were suddenly noticed. 
Instead of excusing his indifference to waiting customers he asked for ID. What a 
Yes, we proceeded to the bar where the luck of the draw gave us Andy as a bar tender. We inquired about the specials a few times before I gave up trying to understand. After our first round our glasses were promptly bussed away by a tall bar back. 
Unfortunately another drink was never offered as he placed our glasses in the washer and Andy texted away on her cellular. 
Our salads arrived with the dressing already tossed in, well that's the end of a Bum Salad. There was no bread offered and never did anyone think or care to ask how our food was. 
Disappointing is my best description because service is no longer a concern  nor a reality. I am so sorry that I decided to come here especially for the Bum Salad.
I must admit that I expressed my displeasure and voiced my concerns. The bright light that salvaged our evening was Niki, the other bar tender. She made a point to ensure that we were acknowledged. Thank you Niki for the exceptional attempt at service recovery!The food is awesome. We ordered the steamed mussel with white sauce, clam chowder, salmon and snow crab leg. We love all of them. The service is good as well. We went for lunch, so there was only few customers, and most of them ordered sandwich because of the lunch special. I believe that's the reason our waitress was very friendly to us. We did pay her a good amount of tips. I can't wait to go there again, but it's a bit far from center city, we drove 40 mins to there.Very exciting place to be plan on going back very soon dinner with friends and loved onesThe service was great. The waiter was very attentive, polite and friendly. There was an issue that needed to be resolved (which I won't mention) and she had a bit of an attitude but because i was extremely respectful she got rid of the attitude very fast. As the time got later in the night the music got louder,as there is a live DJ(who was also awesome, he played a variety of music for EVERYONE:  reggae, reggae ton, dancehall, pop, hipbhop&RB, Salsa, House, Techno, electronic, country, instrumental and K-pop etc.) Great atmosphere, mixed crowd, EXCELLENT drinks and food. The only reason I didn't give the fifth star is because the food was a bit on the salt side. I will DEFINITELY return.
Oh how can I forget!!! Lots of parking yay!!!Good food at a reasonable price.  We go here occasionally mostly because it is local. I wouldn't go too far out of my way for this place.Benny's is overly expensive as a bar, but they have pretty good seafood and chicken products.
Go to millers ale house or chickies first, but this place isn't a bad local joint!It was nice the ambiance 
Average, everything was
Ok until the waitress screwed 
My check up with another party
Food was ok, situation was
Resolved but with a nonchalantly 
Attitude.The food is great but the servers have been very rude lately. They have new hires with Attitiudes.They have specials from 4p-7p Mon-Thurs that the servers wont ell you about so maybe just ask  if there are any specials going on. The last time I went I sat at the bar and the bartender was nice.I guess you can try your luck.i usually come here monday nights for kareoke and i always have a great time. there are some ppl here that are just annoying nd wanna cause fights for no reason. the bartenders here are very nice and friendly. come by and check it outPlace has great food and drinks! Must try the crab fries, buffalo shrimp, and the wings. Drinks are delicious and very affordable! Deff check this place outI've been to this spot twice and each experience was very different. 
The first one was a complete bar-like experience, I went for drinks with one of my girlfriends, we sat at the bar ordered some drinks and sweet potato fries and had a nice time.
The second time I went, it was with a group of people we were seated in the back and it was more like a diner experience. It was nothing out of the ordinary. Their food is alright, the only really good and out-of-the-ordinary dish was their salmon burger.
The prices are definitely on the higher end.
I would go again to the bar but not for a dinner or full meal.Buffalo shrimp are the best here. Louisiana clam chowder,  yes please!  Or a drink on any night of the week... except Thursday. There's always something going on here. They're open pretty late daily.  
One thing i would change is the HORRIBLE loud obnoxious music blaring on Thursday nights. I hate it, and can not enjoy dinner or even a drink. I avoid coming here on Thursday night.Been going to Benny's for years but mostly for the bar. Recently started getting more food and oh my god, their food amazing!!! The rosé pasta is the best I've ever had, the bum salad is to die for (and I'm not even a salad person), and of course all seafood is so sooo good! Definitely recommend!When i first went to Benny the Bums i fell in love with that restaurant! I would go there like every other weekend with my friends and just listen to the music and get my groove on! I love their crab legs and their buffalo wings and oh their Cream of Crab soup is soooooo soooo soooo goood! some times when i go there i would just get the bowl of soup and call it a day. I like their rassberry ice team as well. I also love their Fried Shrimp and if i get the platter i would look at the food and from there i would already know that i couldnt eat all that lolThis place was ok... I would def go back. I went here on a date with my then boyfriend. The food was great and service was cool..Mussels white,,,soo good. Away for a year down in Houston, missed this dish! Nice crowd as usual. 
Good to be back in northeast Philly!!Took the family to Benny The Bum's for dinner on a Sunday evening. Very nice looking place inside, with a nice looking restaurant and a nice sports-bar with large LCD TV's showing a few different  games for the viewing pleasure of the patrons. 
Our waitress was very professional, and very attentive. The food was pretty good. We had Clams Casino as an appetizer, and although  the clams were a bit smaller than I would normally like to see for a dish like this,  they were well-made.  For  the entrees, we had dishes like Seafood Chesapeake, Fried Shrimp and Chicken Parm.  All were prepared nicely  and we were all very happy with the fare.  The drinks and dessert were all very acceptable for the price too. 
Where Benny the Bum's will lose you in a hurry is  with  the ambiance. I have no issue with a sports bar atmosphere on one side of the restaurant, and music on the other, but the staff had the music SO loud in this place that it was quite literally hard to have a conversation. This is no exaggeration!  In my opinion, it is quite unprofessional to have several large screen TVs on for the patrons, with NO TV sound and NO closed-captioning to make up for loud music, and to be quite frank, the music was  the type you might hear in a nightclub, and just as loud (not kidding).  This type of music is not for relaxing and enjoying a game on TV at the bar, nor is it appropriate for those who want to have dinner with their families. It was very loud dance music, and I saw nobody dancing or even appearing to be interested in the music. It was quite obvious that some of the younger wait-staff was enjoying themselves in testing out the limits of the sound system with inappropriate music. We literally had to shout to our waitress, and SHE told us that  she goes home with a headache  from it almost every night. No way! Seriously!?
In short, Benny The Bum's food isn't bad at all... just get it to take-out...or bring ear-plugs, cause you are gonna need  them,I am writing to describe the abysmal experience we had at this restaurant last night. 
We went BTB because we had experienced good food, good servive and a pleasant atmosphere in the past.
We walked in at about 7:30 pm on November 26, and right away noticed that the music (not live, recorded) was very loud. We asked if there was a part of the restaurant that wasn't so loud. The hostess said that the entire restaurant was about the same, but that they would try to turn it down. 
She seated us, and a few minutes later, the music got turned UP. 
The waitress when she arrived, was polite and helpful. 
Even so, it took quite a while for the food to arrive. 
When it arrived, it was not to the quality that we were used to. All of the seafood was flavorless. 
We waited for our dinner. Our waitress  asked if we wanted more drinks, and we asked if it was possible to turn the music down. She said she would see what she could do. 
A few minutes later, the music got even louder.
Then the testing started for the live band. So both the recorded music, very loud and the testing, very loud, were happening at the same time. 
Finally our meals arrived. I ordered crab over pasta, and it was utterly flavorless. 
Then the live music started. At 8pm. Somehow the hostess had seated us in front of the speakers. 
It was horribly loud. I live in New York City which is loud, and I had to cover my ears. It was so painful that we couldn't eat our meals. 
Even with my fingers plugged directly into my ears, I could hear the music clearly and loudly. 
The staff were not helpful at all. We asked if there was a quieter part of the restaurant, and they looked at us like we were nuts. 
Finally we left. I paid for the meal, mostly because I just wanted to get out of there, but it was the biggest waste of money ever.
I am now going to post on every restaurant review web site I can find, about this awful, painful experience.
Julie Van DoreI've been wanting to visit this place for years and finally got to visit on Friday. It was horrible. I ordered mussels with white sauce . The sauce was horrible it looked like they microwave a stick of butter and threw it over a few lemons. It was that thick ! I also ordered some Dungeness crab legs that were very small and missing legs. They clearly did weigh them correctly. My husband ordered chicken parm that had no taste at all but big pieces of chicken. He barely ate his food. We drove all the way from the PHILA airport area ! We could have went to chickie and Pete's and ate well! Oh I forgot and the witness clearly ignored use we never got refills or even asked. I will never go again!  I also witness a server not wash her hands in the restroom ughhhh !We came with a large group, may of the items were missing in the menu, no lobsters, no whole crabs. Some of the food was good and the rest was really off. The crab legs were very nice, my tuna steak was very bland, the sides were just OK.
Service was pretty bad. We had a dirty table long after dinner full of plates and food leftovers when we requested the server to clean it prior to serving desert she threw the plates on the table. They did however added 20% gratuity to the bill that was thrown on a dirty plate.
When we spoke to the manager who seemed like someone in high school she offered no apology. Would not come back.Wow... I don't think I've been to many CHEAP seafood restaurants...ever.
Great portions for the price. 3.95 for a whole plate of mussels? Wow.
This place is also a sports bar as well, 16 TV's!! I counted :)