The terrific food was equally matched by the friendly service and warm atmosphere. A friendly welcome by the husband and wife owners made the experience unique to other restaurants.I came here on a Thursday evening to celebrate my birthday. I'd been wanting to try Bibou for ages, and my birthday seemed like an opportune time. 
We were seated at the worst table in the restaurant (2-top in the middle of the middle row). The noise level was really high and I had trouble conversing with my husband until the tables next to us left.
Service was really solid, but I found the food underwhelming -- perhaps because I'd built it up too much in my mind. Nothing was bad, and presentation was nice, but not a single thing really wowed me.  In fact, I would say the half-dozen raw oysters were the highlight of the meal. Chestnut soup, foie gras, squab, and whatever other main course we had were less than memorable.
I would come back here to try the $45 Sunday prix fixe, but I'll stick with other BYOBs where it's easier to get a reservation on short notice.It's been a few months since I had my first and only meal here, but I'll try to post what I can remember: simple but nice decor, tight seating, charming hostess, nice wait staff, and wonderfully tasty food! 
Whenever I dine at a place that is supposed to be top notch (and the early reviews ofthis place indicated that it was), I try to get the things on the menu that I'd be most terrified to try to cook myself. Hence it was a night of tripe and pig's foot for me! Yum, feet and guts!
I have to say though, it was all pretty amazing. The tripe was prepared in a sauce that you could put old tires in and have them come out tasting amazing. The pig's foot was stuffed with (I think) foie gras, and it just fell apart in meaty, fatty, savory goodness. Do not eat here if you are on any kind of diet. It will make you fat.
It will also make you happy though. So you may want to ask yourself, do I want to be thin or do I want to be happy? If you want to be happy (and perhaps a little more portly than you started) check out Bibou. 
It was perhaps the best under $100 (for 2) meal I've ever had.This is my first time at this restaurant. I made a reservation for Sunday approximately a month in advance through open table (which you should try 6 weeks ahead).  I was celebrating my anniversary with my fiancé and made a note with them.
We arrived, greeted by friendly hostess, seated in the middle closest to the kitchen. The place is a row home, it's tight. We were greeted by a great server, he was french and spoke great english. We brought wine, it was opened and poured for us with a lot of professional attitude.
We came on Sunday, ordered the $45 prefix menu. First course was mushroom soup, absolutely perfect. Second course was fois gras, it's like the most tender ribeye fat but better. Third was duck confit, reminiscent of my time in Paris. Not dry, in a great sauce with vegetables. My fiancee has short ribs, which was in a light broth sauce that needed a bit of salt, otherwise light and perfect. Desert course was sorbet which was light and refreshing.
I mentioned my anniversary in my reservation and the host was happy to bring a complimentary merang and macaroon. The chef made rounds and spoke with us, wonderful guy who clearly cares about the food.
We also brought our own wine and it was poured like our time in France. We weren't rushed or felt inconvenienced. If you have a special event or want a great date night, choose this place. 2 person prefix menu on Sunday without extras including tip was $115, but absolutely worth it. We will be back soon.So, I finally had dinner at Bibou after a few of my friends had suggested that I should go here.  I understand the appeal, and we had a nice meal, but there were a few misses.
We started with three appetizers to share.  The foie gras with a date jam, the escargots, and a special chicken liver mousse.  The foie gras and the mousse were very good and we enjoyed them both.  The escargots with some brown sauce, nuts, and beans were not so good.  
Then came the main course and we had the famous/infamous pig's foot stuffed with foie gras over lentils and a special red snapper cooked in parchment.  The pig's foot was very good and I was pleased since this came highly recommended.  The snapper was also very good, moist, tasty, but the vegetables which accompanied the fish did not seem to go very well.
Then came dessert, a frozen Grand Marnier souffle and a pistachio creme something.  We ended up not finishing the souffle, as we were both stuffed.  Some espresso and some macaroons from the chef and we were all done.
The staff was pleasant and polite and genuinely helpful.  
Upon leaving, we both agreed that we had a nice meal, but the missus did say that the wine we brought outclassed the meal quite seriously.  I agree with her.
In truth, I have had quite a few rustic-type French meals in all sorts of different places and this was good, but not amazing as I had been led to believe.  Would I recommend?  Yes.  Would I recommend over other places in Philly for a great meal and experience?  Probably not.Really hard to say enough good things about Bibou.  It is all that everyone is saying about it.  Phenomenal food, charming staff/ambience, and all things considered absolutely excellent value.
I have been in Philadelphia for about a year and a half and spend a frightening amount of time and resources eating out.  In this time I have had two seminal experiences in fine dining.  Vetri and Bibou. Vetri was fantastic, a tour de force, and cost my benefactor about $500 for dinner for two.  Bibou was as good of its kind food-wise and cost $120 for two (though to be fair only two courses plus dessert as opposed to a grand tasting menu).
Highlights of the meal:  The escargot, a different preparation as the snails are out of their shells and come in a sort of provencal sauce.  However, they do saute them in garlic and butter so it gives you what you are looking for on that front with some interesting additions.  Foie Gras, huge portion perfectly cooked.  Marrow (special that night), a full bone sliced lengthwise filled with mushrooms and breadcrumbs so that the marrow more or less melts into them.  One of the best dishes I have ever had.
We strongly considered trying to move into the apartment above bibou so that we could go there everyday.  If you are even remotely serious about food this needs to be your next destination!Bibou had to live up to high expectations  and they did not disappoint. The menu changes, but I would recommend the tasting menu, which you can get upon request even if you don't sit at the bar. A bonus to the tasting menu was that for many of the courses they gave my husband and I different things, allowing us to sample more if the menu.Finally managed to snag a Sunday pre-fixe reservation at Bibou! They offer a great deal - 4 courses for $45 every Sunday. Note: this is not the same as the Chef's Tasting menu, which is only at the bar and is 7 courses.
I came in a group of 3, and when we got there at 7 pm, the place was relatively packed. It was a cosy restaurant, but not too the extent that tables were so close together that you hear your neighbors' conversations. We were warmly welcomed by the server and our waiter - you will be delighted to know that many waiters there are French (and all are extremely knowledgeable about the food!).
First, we were served with some baguette and butter. Many people rave about the butter, I thought it was delicious but not out of this world. Having said that, the butter was creamy and was great on the fresh baguette. My tip would be to leave the butter out for a bit, so it is a little easier to spread. 
We all started with the Soupe de Champignon, which is a mushroom cream soup. The soup is served in a beautiful oval bowl (which is shaped more like a gravy boat). I loved the texture / creaminess of the soup, and the crispy croutons which didn't lose much of its crunch even in the soup. 
Next, we had our entrees. My friends got the escargots (very fresh, love the mushrooms and the snail shaped plate the escargots were served in) and the pate. I got the Duo de Foie Gras, which I highly recommend. According to our server, it is "the best Foie Gras in Philly." The foie gras was seared to perfection, and it just melted in my mouth. I may not be an expert on foie gras in Philly, but I would definitely agree with my waiter - it might be the best foie gras I've had so far!
On to the plats principaux. Both my friends got the Thon (grilled Albacore tuna loin, one served rare and the other medium rare. They said it was very fresh and enjoyed it). I ordered the Long Island Duck Confit. The skin of the duck was very crispy and well done, never mind about how skin is unhealthy or fatty - it was worth every calorie! 
For the desserts, my friends got the floating island and frozen hazelnut souffle, while I got the chocolate pot de creme. All three were sweet but not overly sickly so. I enjoyed them immensely. To end, we were also served coconut macarons and eggnog meringues.
I enjoyed my whole experience at Bibou, from the food, to the service, to the ambiance. I strongly recommend making a trip down, especially for the Sunday pre-fixe!Fine French dining in South Philly that is BYOB. Other reviews state "cash only" which is not true. We went here for date night and it was an all around good experience. The wait staff was friendly and the food was excellent. At the end of the night we were even greater by Chef Calmels. The menu was $115 prix fixe with several stars in my opinion: 
1) Marinated scallop with smoked truffle vinaigrette 
2) Aged NY strip
3) Tarentaise "aligot"
4) Hot fig souffléLoved this place! We went last night with two "special occasion" bottles in tow. I started with the escargot and certainly understand why it is a signature dish. Lovely bordelaise sauce, tender favas, and the sweetest hint of tarragon. My dining companion had oysters which looked wonderful but I did not taste. For entrees I got the pig's foot - OMG total decadence and absolutely wonderful. If you love pork belly then this you'd love this dish - if you think pork belly is fatty then you should steer clear. My friend got the sea bass which while quite good, was not comparable to my dish. That said, if you love fish, there was a terrific saffron sauce that complemented the sea bass - it was creamy, earthy - really quite good. We finished by sharing a cheese plate and the promise to return to try chef's tasting. 
Speaking of chef, he came by and greeted every table. Wonderful detail that i'm sure endears him to the regular patrons. His wife is equally affable running the front of house. 
So glad we were patient enough to get reservations.They've redone the interior -- it's much nicer than Pif -- but the food is not as good as Pif's. The cold corn soup with bits of lobster was lovely and flavorful, and the escargot was hearty and rich and half a meal by itself. I asked the hostess how the veal with sweetbreads would be cooked and was told it was very thin, so level of cooking was not important; but what I got was a thick, stringy chunk of veal that was seared on the outside and undercooked on the inside. Unfortunate. It seems that they've been trying different versions of the veal but this was definitely not the right way. The sauce on the dish was very good but the sweetbread was nothing special. We also got the scallops, which were perfect, and which came with a weird but interesting pickled ratatouille with bits of clam. Again, with a good sauce. The tarte tatin had no carmelization, which is the point of the dish. It was more like a poached apple on a crust, with (good) vanilla ice cream. So, overall, Bibou was okay but with some weird mistakes. Maybe they'll work out the kinks, but they've got to try harder if they're going to compete with all the similar places in the neighborhood, some of which are very good - Cochon, La Minette, Saute, etc.
Added on 6/12/09: I've just read the subsequent reviews from May-June 2009. It's true, Bibou is pretty good, but these reviews are awfully ecstatic and detailed. They stink of owner intervention.My husband and I dined at Bibou on a Sunday in May of 2015.  This was the most overrated restaurant on all fronts!  It was a prix-fixe so maybe it is better on other nights.  The escargot was too pungent, I regret eating it, I ate it to not waste it.  The duck terrine was meh, not great.  I cannot even remember what we chose for the main dishes.  I remember the chocolate cake was the driest and worst dessert we have ever had in our lives. The waiter was snooty and off-putting.  It must've been an off night?  I cringe every time I see it on the top-10 list.I was eager to try the newly opened Bibou and went to dinner there tonight with three friends.  The old Pif space has been lovingly redone, with dark wainscoting contrasting nicely with the elegantly set tables. Charlotte Calmels is the perfect hostess: the welcome is warm and charming, and everything is done to make you comfortable at one of the very closely spaced tables.  The menu is short but diverse, with some dishes hinting at the Burgundian origin of the chef (snail ragout with fava beans). 
We tried the soup of the day, made with corn and lump crab meat, its velvety creaminess nicely contrasted with tasty kernels of roasted corn, the foie gras, unctuously rich as expected on a port and cassis reduction, and the beautifully textured rillettes terrine.  For our main dishes, we had the deftly prepared duck breast special, the richly tasting hangar steak (both meats perfectly cooked rare to medium rare), a moistly sweet halibut on basmati rice with ramps, incredibly light and deeply flavored, and the breaded veal scaloppini, correctly done but my least favored dish of our order.
The desserts, as well as the cheese plate, need some tweaking.  The $12 cheese plate came with three small pieces of good but hardly exceptional cheeses, a few grapes and some salad greens - serviceable but not up to the high standards of the first two courses.  Similarly, the desserts are all good - a nicely caramelized apple Tarte Tatin with chocolaty ice cream, a "chocolate millefeuille" that brought miniscule layers of creamy chocolate on crisp puff pastry - but they too are not in the class of the appetizers and main courses.
The price/quality ratio is excellent, most appetizers are under ten dollars (the exception, of course, is the foie gras) and the most expensive main courses are in the mid twenties.  You can end the meal with a rich French Press coffee and a couple tiny madeleines (the latter compliments of the house).  Lovely!  The service is professional and diners can have a quick conversation with chef Pierre Calmels when he briefly leaves his kitchen.  It is simply marvelous to go out in South Philadelphia and sit in a restaurant with such amazingly sophisticated food at such affordable prices.  Word has already gotten around, the restaurant was full at all times with content diners, enjoying the good luck of having a place like Bijou join the list of fine Philadelphia BYOBs.  My rating is 4.5 - when the cheese platter gets better, it will be a 5 star place!My friend and I managed to grab a last-minute reservation here on a Sunday and both opted for the prix fixe menu. Bibou, you were excellent from start to finish. 
The meal started off with a salted cod soup was out of this world! It went great with the free breadsticks that we got. 
On to the appetizers. I got the escargot; the snails tasted like perfectly seasoned mushrooms. My friend's foie gras was very fatty though. Not for me. But the sauce that came with it was unique and flavorful. 
I had the halibut for the entree and it was cooked very well, but it didn't pack a punch. I can't blame the chef because halibut does not have a lot of flavor  to begin with. What I really loved was the arctic char dumpling, which was baked to perfection and complemented with a wonderfully creamy tomato sauce. It also came with a side of red rice, which was also very nice.
For dessert, I chose the floating island while my friend chose the creme brulee with honey and rosemary. The floating island was really light and a perfect finish to my meal. I liked that the creme brulee wasn't very sweet because it would have contrasted so much with the other courses on the menu.
The cherry on top was when the chef came out and took his time to talk to everyone. It really made me feel at home and I was very touched. 
Overall a stellar dining experience: I can see myself coming back here again and again.I went to Bibou for dinner last night and it was one of the best meals I have ever had! I ordered the swordfish loin and it was grilled perfectly, moist, and delicious. My husband ordered the bone marrow. He (and I) had never tried bone marrow before, but since so many Yelp reviews spoke highly about it here, he decided to try it. My only regret is that I wish I ordered it, too. It was amazing! 
For dessert, we ordered and split what was basically a hazelnut soufflé (sorry, can't remember the exact name) which was a special edition to the menu on one of the waiter's recommendations and it was out of this world. My husband doesn't really have a sweet tooth and we were fighting for the last bite. Next time we will each get our own!  
The wait staff was polite, professional, and discrete and made you forget that you're in a restaurant so small it's probably the size of your living room or studio apartment. There were about 3 or 4 waiters who helped is throughout the night, which was perfect because you were always being assisted, but in a polite, non-rushed way. I saw that a few reviews mentioned feeling rushed, but we had the opposite experience. We brought 2 bottles of wine with us (would normally only bring 1) simply because we stopped at the store on our way walking to Bibou and our waiter offered to open the second bottle for us just as we were finishing dessert so we could relax and have another drink. The chef made rounds to the tables throughout the night to make sure everyone was enjoying their food and I thought that was a really nice touch.
One note that the chef and waiter told us: if you are set on having the bone marrow, call ahead and reserve one, especially if you have a late reservation time. They only prepare several for each night so thy cannot guarantee it on the menu for you, but they will set one aside for you if you call. Also, don't forget cash only and BYOB. 
Great meal, Bibou! I hope to be back soon!Went to Bibou for a Sunday prix fixe dinner a couple of years ago & enjoyed the food. Foie gras was great. We also had lamb chops & pig foot. The pig foot was not varied enough, but it was well-cooked with a crispy exterior, and soft and fatty on the inside.
Great service. Good ambience.Good food, you can go here and cry about the defunct Le Bec Fin. Go here if you're comfortable paying a steep mark up for fancy looking food that will be good but fails to be consistently great.Went on a little date to Bibou and the food, service and atmosphere were completely on point. This small little byob is exactly what you would think a small byob would be like, there isnt alot of room, so if ur not okay with that, then you should have realized that before you squeezed through the little red curtain. 
The waiters were attentive and the food was awesome. I had the lobster bisque, which came with two poached shrimp in bowl, and then they brought out the bisque in a kettle and poured it in. Very nice. My friend had the foie gras with fig and it was delicious (i snuck a piece). We split the bone marrow in between courses because i love bone marrow, and i saw someone at the table next to me with it. It was served in a Fred Flinstone sized bone split down the middle and filled with marrowy-well seasoned nectar of the gods, accompanied by some potatoes or soemthing. 
On to bottle of wine number deux, for the main course i had the duck with potato puree and spinach and chantrelle mushrooms. Very good, perfectly cooked duck. My friend had the Snapper that i did not taste but she was happy with it thats good enough for me.
One thing that really stood out about this meal was that the chef came out of the kitchen and was shaking hands with everyone in the place, and you get to see that this really is traditional french cooking.I was so happy when my date and I got off the waiting list and received a reservation for 7:45 on a Friday night. The restaurant is very small, but I did not feel crowded and it created a pleasant/upbeat atmosphere. The service was good throughout the night and there was not one time I was left wanting something. My date and I shared the Foie Gras to start which came as two different ones. One had some kind of gelatin on top and had a pate texture while the other seemed pan fried/seared. The pate one left something to be desired, but the pan fried/seared one was amazing! For our main entrees she had the filet and I had the bone marrow. I felt like I needed to get it since I have not seen it anywhere else and it was good, not great like some people have said below, but still very tasty. We passed on dessert because we had other plans but they seemed to have nice options. The restaurant was quite nice and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a true meal (length/service/atmosphere/food). 
Please note that they take cash only and it's BYO which is another plus. Bibou obviously does well, there was hardly an empty seat at any point, and I hope they keep it up. A wonderful small restaurant in my opinion.(3.5 stars, really)
Tres tres francais, MAIS tres tres petit.
In other words, the flavors and the quality of the food were excellent and true to french cuisine.  Very well prepared and executed extremely beautifully.  HOWEVER, the restaurant and portions were extremely small.  What does this mean?
Small restaurant = feels like every other byob in philadelphia.  Cramped space, door to bathroom in the dining room which swing right open for a view of the toilet from the tables, and decor from ikea.
Small portions = $26 for 2 minuscule medallions of veal in my entree?   Please.  
I'm not a huge-portion type of person, but I also have a minimum threshold below which I find portion size to be ridiculous and offensive.
Had to go to whole foods afterwards and get a snack -- and this was after an appetizer, entree, and a shared dessert.Oui. Oui. Oui. Oui!!!
It's no secret that I am a clichéd Francophile.  I live, eat, breathe all things French.  Paté, fromage and baguettes are in heavy rotation in my diet.  I am well acquainted with the musical stylings of Edith Piaf, the yé-yé movement, Johnny Hallyday, Serge Gainsbourg, and Carla Bruni.  I call France my second home and I own more berets than I'd like to admit.
That being said, Bibou is an exercise in gorgeous, spot-on, casual French dining. In the former Pif space, it is only fair that French cuisine should be made in that kitchen.  The dining room is as ever, tiny and intimate.  Decor is simple, cozy and bright.
Charlotte is a terrific and amiable hostess who has a lot of help with another server and two bus boys.  Prices are super reasonable too, with no plat principal costing over $27.
With a small conservative menu, each item is succulent and deftly prepared from the first bite to the last - Their foie gras entrée (with two generous pieces) made me swoon - perfection - and a Riz de Veau (sweetbreads) put me over the moon.  Along with their homemade bread, imported French butter that tastes like cream to their full-bodied and robust French-pressed coffee with warm little Madeleines rounded off the near perfect experience (the only mediocre dish was our desert, a 'bûche' that didn't make me quiver).
The little touches, like the wine bottle holder, their special concentric esgargot plates, and the gorgeous glass teacup and painted saucer make you feel as though you're eating at someone's apartment in Alençon.  
The man of the hour, the chef himself, humble and talented Pierre Calmels came out to greet us at the end of our meal to shake our hands and have a small chat about the food he prepared.  Being a former chef at Le Bec Fin, I thought this meal was better than anything I've had at his prior stuffy employer.  Save yourself the money, hoopla and the trouble, skip Le Bec Fin, bring your favorite vin and eat here instead.
Be sure not to miss their Sunday prix-fixe dinner at $45.  That is, if you can get a reservation.  Also, BYOB (splurge on a nice bottle, you deserve it) and cash only.
How fitting that my 100th review should be a five-star-'er experience and a place where I had the pleasure to dine in celebration of my birthday (the numerical component of which shall remain a mystery).
Youppi!!Very impressive food!!! Everything was perfect.  Love the staff, very friendly. Love the atmosphere, very cozy. Good job!Yessir, add it to my fave BYOB list, and one of the top 10-20 restaurants in Philadelphia.  At Bibou it's all about the finest ingredients and delicate preparation, with accents on flavor and complimentary support from the accompaniments on the plate.
Starting with the reservation thing, a month in advance, who cares.  A friend made them, no sweat off my back, and I'd rather have a restaurant in demand than to walk into a place on a Wednesday to see it 1/4 to 1/2 filled.  The decor was smart, stylish, chic, including the tables exquisite in fine silverware, stemware and dishes, and the warm feel of table cloths which made this little store front all the more cozier.
The food, yes, wonderful!
Apps - The foie gras with a little savory foie gras custard on the side, with candied fennel confit and red wine duck sauce --all that it is hyped to be--5 star.  The crusted venison pate with pistachio--use of the flavorful pickled chanterelles on the side to compliment the terrine was necessary to enhance the flavor, good but not fabulous--4 star
Entrees - The New York wild striped bass fillet (seared crispy skin, I LOVE crispy skin) with chanterelle mushroom fricassé, perfect from texture, presentation, taste, everything, now this was fabulous.  As was the poached dorade fillet, artichoke, 
fennel and pattypans, barigoule emulsion.  Both are 5 star dishes.
Dessert  - The floating almond pralines in a meringue and creme anglaise was as an excellent finish to a most impressive French foodie experience.Definitely one of my Philly favorite if not my favorite. Went there several times and always got amazed by the food. Try their specials if they have any left some are very surprising. One of my favorite was the pot au feu and the trout...delicious. Love this to be a byob, so I can bring my quality wine to pair with the meal without paying thousands. Wish they accepted credit card, who carries cash these day? If you have not tried yet go there....reservation can be challenging tho.Wow, what an amazing experience we had last night at Bibou!  It was my birthday and my husband had called about a month ago, but they were booked.  He tried again yesterday and they had a 7:30 cancellation - lucky me!  
We weren't sure when or if we'll make it back there, so we decided on the 7-course tasting menu - such a good decision as we got to try a lot of things on the menu and even some that we surely wouldn't have ordered which blew our minds!  We started with a mushroom consomme that was the perfect thing for a cold winter's night, followed by the escargots, yum!  Then a perfectly cooked scallop over black barley and a curry foam, probably my favorite thing I had all night, unless it was the truffle risotto!  Being not the biggest fan of truffles, I was blown away by this course - it was decadent and perfect!  My husband loved the duo of foie gras and said it was the best foie gras he's had since we ate at Jean-Georges!  Our last main course was the veal sweetbreads, which was followed by flourless chocolate cake and the frozen grand marnier souffle (an old Le Bec Fin favorite, the hostess told us!)  
Bibou had been extremely hyped and I felt that it totally lived up to it, really a perfect celebratory night for us!Le Bec Fin was our top french restaurant, we now have a new favorite, since LeBecFin went down hill. We love the Foie Gras and Escargots. Can't get enough. Service was excellent, then again, there's only 10 tables there. Reservation is hard to get. BYOB.....yay!I love Bibou. I love the ambiance, the family, the food. Cash only. BYOB. Great place to go with your Darling or with friends. Not recommended for large groups though as the place is tiny-unless you rent the place out. Reminds me a lot of Pif from way back when. dessert is a must too!Still the best in Philly.  Love the food, the atmosphere, and the people.Awesome! My wife took me for my birthday. We brought nice wine. Menu is set so you have to call ahead to arrange if you have strong food preference needs. 
The portions are small but there are so many courses we were full be the end of the meal. Each course was well thought out with flavor combinations that were unique and very memorable. 
Highly recommend. We are definitely going back.Really not enough nice things that I can say about this place.  Pierre is a master, particularly with his foie gras.  Even the deserts are well thought out and masterfully executed (and do do do try the homemade sorbets).  Charming atmosphere, and Charlotte is a gracious host.  One of the few MUST visit restaurants in Philly.Bibou is the kind of BYOB that I love about Philly. I had heard good things about it from friends, but the meal I had way exceeded expectations.
First, we showed up with a party of 7, large for the intimate space that is Bibou. The hostess/owner/chef's wife was incredibly gracious about taking our champagne and putting it on ice. We sat down to a cold corn chowder amuse bouche. It was incredible. It came with a smoked salmon that was to die for. Every bite was corn, smoky goodness. 
We were there on a Sunday, which is $45 3 course price fixe, so we didn't have the entire menu to choose from, but the items I wanted were luckily still on the menu. I started with the foie gras, which was served with a spiced bread and a veal demi glace. Each bite was a little bit of unctuous heaven. Oh wait! I cannot continue until I mention the bread. The bread they put on the table is made in house and served with incredibly sexy imported french butter. Divine. I had the quail for main course, which was delish, but my brother had the bone marrow which was the star of the evening. The marrow was removed from the bone and mixed with sauteed mushrooms, breadcrumbs, and some other magical ingredients, placed back in the bone and then baked. It. Was. Amazing. 
I'm conflicted about writing such rave reviews about this place, because I want to go back, but don't want to have to battle for a reservation. This place is a gem in Philly and I hope the quality never changes.Reservation was made about a month in advance for an early dinner on the weekend.
Nothing to complain about. The winners that night were the frog legs and the suckling pig. The creme brulee was the best I have ever had.C'est magnifique!  Everything about this place, I just loved.  From it's cozy feel, to the friendliness and attentiveness of the chef's wife, to the foie gras, this place certainly lives up to its' reputation.My boyfriend and I tried the $45 prefix menu offered on Sundays.
The food was absolutely delicious! The fact that it's BYOB is also a HUGE plus!
Overall, it's an older crowd there (40+) and it's a small space so I can't imagine having a party of larger than 6-8 there. Definitely not a casual place, would suggest wearing at least a polo here for men.
The fois gras was quite good, along with the escargot.
Well, to sum it up, EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING!
All of our dishes were delicious and at the perfect temperature, not too cold or too piping hot so we could enjoy all of our food right away. Each dish was served a good amount of time apart so we could rest a bit then get back to delighting our taste buds.
My boyfriend felt his dishes were a touch too salty, but he just isn't a fan of French cuisine in general. (He also doesn't like Thai food! *GASP!)
The service was great; our server was attentive and friendly.
I wish I could eat here every Sunday!I have to say if I lived in Philly I'd probably be broke from being a regular. The space is small and intimate but not crammed. We were lucky enough to get a last minute table thanks to a last minute cancellation. The fois gras was awesome. The only thing I didn't love was the escargot. For main entrées we had the lamb special it was perfectly cooked and meted in your mouth. The steak was great too so I could see why it was the most popular item as I looked around at my fellow dinners. The highlight of the night however was when the chef came out to check on us and introduce himself. If only this place accepted credit cards it would be 5 stars for sure. Also it's BYOB which is pretty cool :)BIBOU (Part 1 of a 2-part review; click link below at bottom to read Part 2):
What, PhillyBestBYOB, no reviews of Bibou???  And you call yourself an expert on Philly BYOBs?
Although I enjoyed this amazing restaurant a total of 5 times in 2012 and 3 time so far in 2013, I went to the "Bibou at Blackfish" dinner last Monday and we are planning a Southern Rhone wine dinner for next week, for some reason I have kept putting this review off.  Perhaps I don't feel that I can really do Bibou the justice it deserves, or maybe I'm having trouble picking the ultimate of ultimate dining experiences, from among so many great meals, about which to write a truly epic ode to French bistros that will finally win me Yelp's ROTD?
Or maybe I'm just procrastinating?
Anyway, I'm going to pick a dinner from last year to write about, since I took photos of all the dishes and have pretty good tasting notes (although appologies to Bibou if I get some of the ingredients wrong...I love Pierre's sexy French accent, but I don't always catch everything).
Since this is an ode, some accompanying music seems appropriate (you know this has to be a great restaurant if someone takes the trouble to write a rap song about it, explicit lyrics and all!):
"She said she wanted foie gra,
And some escargot.
I said I didn't care for that,
Was tired of the snow.
She ordered three appetizers,
And wanted one to go.
I told her she was crazy.
What she doin', I don't know."
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCneE4uC514
Sunday, 21 October 2012 (see photos):
10 of us, 9 guys and 1 gal (Ladies, this is why you should go to our wine dinners, the guys usually outnumber the gals, so you will be totally fawned over!) met for a Champagne and Rhone wine dinner at Bibou.  An early seating at 6PM, since these dinners usually last ~4 1/2 hours, and good luck trying to get parking around Bibou at 8:30PM on a Sunday night.
In tiny Bibou, a 10-top takes up ~1/3 the room, and given how long these diners last, we are obviously being treated very well by owners Chef Pierre and Charlotte Calmels, since they could probably turn the space a couple of time (although we always order a 7-course tasting menu, so hopefully this all works out financially for them).
As usual, Chef Pierre created a tasting largely composed of dishes that were on the menu that night, but he often throws in a dish or two just for us, or fulfills a special request (like the amazing 3-fish pate from the old days at Le Bec Fin, which would be too much work to serve to everyone).  That night we enjoyed:
1st course: Pheasant consommé, poured over bites of pheasant -- I'm not usually a consommé fan, preferring richer soups, but there is no question that this was an elegant start to the meal.
2nd course: Venison saddle-cherizo-pistashio-foie gras terrine, with date compote, mustard greens -- Always order whatever pate or terrine is on the menu at Bibou and you will not regret it
3rd course: Scallop, butternut squash, pomegrante, milk-lemon-infused verbena, purple potato puree and potato chip -- A visually striking dish (look at the photo!), with a large perfectly seared scallop that was melt in your mouth
4th course: Foie gras ravioli, Pergourdine sauce (usually a veal sauce made with a sweet wine like Monbazzilac), black truffles -- In my mind, one of Pierre's signature dishes, the combination of foie, pasta, truffle is killer
5th course: Beef tripe, baked in a white wine sauce of tomato, onion, garlic, chicken stock, bread crumbs -- I had this amazing dish for the first time a couple of weeks before, so we specifically requested it...it takes 6-7 hours to prepare this...nice with our Rhones, but really dying for an Italian Sangiovese (sorry Charlotte!)
6th course: Venison meat pie, white chanterelles, blood-current-red wine sauce, mustard greens -- A first-time dish for me, Pierre selected this to match our wines (and everyone in the restaurant benefited), this was everyone's DOTN (Dish of the Night)...don't let the blood sauce scare you, a must order dish if you see it on the menu
Regarding the above dish, I overheard the following comment: "Stupid good!" (Craig LaBan couldn't describe it better).
Click link below for Part 2 of this review...This place tries hard to be Gallic with a French chef who spends( pleasantly) much time pressing flesh. If you get a late reservation call ahead and reserve your choice as eg .they were out of squab-1 of 3 choices. Other idiosyncrasies: cash only,BYOB only, a run down area in a building with cardboard ceiling tiles.Trout did not appeal, hangar steak perfectly cooked absolutely devoid of flavour ;should have taken the pigs foot. Vaunted bone marrow no red wine prep; it was ma's chicken stuffing soaked in fat ; my ignorance of course ,horrid nonetheless ..Desserts only good. ; banana tart tatin 3/5.Professional service.Reasonable  cost.Sometimes a memorable meal can only be accurately described by resorting to poetry.
Therefore, I present you with a haiku, entitled: "So close, yet so far (Bibou)"
Charlotte: Faire la bise
Pierre: Pieds de porc au foie
Me: Forgot my wine!
[For those of you who have forgotten your high school French:
Faire la bise -- The French custom of greating by exchanging air kisses on the cheeks (can be either 1, 2, or 3 cheeks, depending on which region of France you are in).  If you are a regular, Charlotte will do this, so you had better practice beforehand (2 kisses)!
Pieds de porc au foie -- One of Chef Pierre's signature dishes, pig trotters stuffed with foie gras, which is about as French as you can get]
For my previous, slightly more in-depth but less poetic reviews of Bibou, click below...Having never been at Pif, I couldn't compare the decor, but to me, it was simple, neat and just what you need for a South Philly BYOB.
Called to let the lovely Charlotte that we were running late on our OpenTable reservation. After parking in the public lot right next to the restaurant (3 hour), we get seated right away.
Since it is Sunday, the full menu isnt available and we are offered a $45 prix-fixe menu consisting of an Amuse-Bouche, an appetizer (choice of Head Cheese Terrine, Escargots, or Seared Foie Gras), an entree (choice of Hangar Steak, Ahi Tuna, Duck Breast), and a dessert (choice of Chocolate cake, Apricot Tarte, Sorbet).
Charlotte tells me she can adjust it and be flexible about the whole thing and thus I inquire about the Braised Pigs Feet stuffed with Foie Gras. Score.
After choosing a bottle of Badoit (other choice is San Pellegrino for Sparkling), we start off with a Consomme (chilled squab broth). Very flavorful and a good intro to what's about to come.
My girlfriend and I both choose the Seared Foie Gras and I must say, after having done most of the places that serve it in Philly, this was my personal favorite. Served with Raspberries and Sliced Almonds as well as a lingot of what seemed to be cinnamon bread, the foie's flavor was really well complimented by the acidity of the berries and the almonds and the cinnamon bread added a more complex texture to the usual texture of the seared foie.
Came her Magret de Canard (duck breast - medium rare) on wild rice and my Braised Pigs Feet on French Lentils. I had actually never eaten pigs feet prepared this way. The texture is rather gelatinous with an outside crisp but the flavor is rich and smokey. Certainly a hearty dish, and I didnt finish my lentils as there was just so much of them. But this dish is the epitome of Chef Pierre Calmels' cuisine. Not your typical "Philly-French" cuisine. Highly recommended dish.
The magret was cooked perfectly and the sauce was right on point.
When it came to choosing a dessert, unfortunately, the big table (10) next to us (Le Bec-Fin employees I was told) grabbed the last chocolate desserts and so we were reduced to Sorbet or Apricot Tarte. I asked if it would be possible to get a cheese plate instead and Charlotte happily obliged. Sandy, my girlfriend, got the Apricot Tarte.
I was served three cheeses: one goat cheese, one from the Basque Country, and a "stinky" one. (Pardon the lack of cheese knowledge here. I enjoy cheese a lot but am by no means well educated in it)
Really enjoyed the Basque Country one.
Finally, we were asked if we wanted coffee, French Pressed Coffee, or Espresso. Opted for a rather excellent Espresso (Forgot to ask what coffee they serve).
Chef Pierre and Charlotte proceeded to do their round of the tables and we got to discuss their first month and the dinner. 
We were informed that a Tasting Menu would be available every night (7 dishes for $70), that they were planning a Foie Gras and an Oyster Dinner, much like their previous Escargot Dinner (which was 5 courses for $55).
Going back this Saturday for a birthday party of 8, but from what I saw tonight, the place is more than ready for big parties.Still wonderful. Pierre is a gracious host and you really feel like each meal is prepared with the utmost care.I had the privilege of dining at Bibou this past Sunday with a close friend. It turned out to be a wonderfully unforgettable experience!
The dining environment was sweet and cozy, a feeling that was expected and truly did not disappoint. The entire restaurant seats about 30 or so and is the perfect size for the type of experience I was expecting. It is a BYOB which is a true asset that allows you to focus your funds on the food rather than over-priced drinks. 
The service was efficient and well-paced. I would describe the wait staff as "efficient" and "perfectly adequate". Your glass is refilled with your bottle of wine as quickly as it is consumed. The french bread flows easily and the stages of the meal are delivered in perfect timing, creating a very nice slow-paced dining experience.
Finally the food- my mouth still waters as I think of it now! I've dined in well-known establishments in many of the best-known cities in Europe (including Paris) and this particular meal easily surpasses most of those experiences hands-down. The Saint Jacques Scallop preparation is mouth-watering, especially with the pomegranate seeds and hearts of palm complementing the dish so nicely. My friend had the "pig's trotter" stuffed with foie gras- a dish not to be underestimated, as the exquisite pork flavors and perfectly seasoned lentils of the dish are unsurpassed in my repertoire. The pleasantly surprising escargot plate is creatively presented in a shell-shaped plate and is not  the typical garlic and parsley butter-laden dish that one might expect. The foie gras is among the best I've ever consumed and the desserts create a wonderful ending to an exceptional meal, especially the lavender creme brulee and the Baba au Rhum. 
The gracious hosts- husband/wife proprietors, Charlotte and Pierre, create a welcoming experience that I don't often come across, even with smaller establishments like Bibou. Pierre (Bibou's chef) brings his years of experience from Le Bec Fin and recreates a unique and unforgettable menu that no one should miss! They both came to the table to talk to us about the meal, with Charlotte attentive to our needs and returning to make sure everything was in order.
The experience at Bibou has become the basis on which I judge other fine-dining establishments in Philadelphia and elsewhere. This is an experience that is not to be missed- by anyone. If you enjoy unique and wonderful cuisine with some of the best flavors in the city, you must make it a point to visit Bibou.I too came here having read many positive reviews of this charming-looking restaurant, and the inconspicuous facade appealed to me. It was a Sunday night, for the tasting menu. While the staff was very kind, the food went from curiously good but not-quite-right to really quite unfortunate.
As is common in my Philadelphian dining experiences, things started off alright: in this case, with imported butter that has been mentioned elsewhere. The bread was unremarkable. Next came a shrimp bisque that tasted good, but was oddly and inappropriately spicy, and reminiscent of premature acid reflux (the burn, not the flavor, which was good). Next, the small course for two of us was seared fois gras. I enjoyed this and it was executed well, but accompanied by a rather unripe and unflavorful pear, and spiced (perhaps pumpkin) bread that didn't help things much. The fois gras itself was also prone to connective tissue in it which made the texture imperfect. But it lacked the bloody undertones that fois gras sometimes has.
The main course I chose was effectively bone marrow stuffing, as it was bread and vegetables chopped up and stuffed into a large bone. It was rich, and had an unpleasant background flavor which I guess I must attribute to the melted marrow... it was rather organ-like in flavor. To one side of this were small potatoes that really needed salt and a small salad that had far too much, so together that worked out well.
Finally, dessert consisted of goat milk creme caramel and a chocolate trio, which was a sort of brownie with jam, ice cream and a mousse. The goat milk caramel was very plain, though the caramel was quite dark, successfully masking the rank flavor that goat milk usually possesses. However, the creme caramel itself was quite underwhelming: not particularly smooth or overcooked, it was very average.
The chocolate trio was far below average, however, with the chocolate ice cream firmly at the top, followed by a very thick and grainy mousse and last an uncertain brownie (no one could tell what it was supposed to have tasted like, but surely not what it actually did..) with strawberry jam on top. It was our mistake not to have tried the sorbet, which was made elsewhere. All this was topped off by really, very hard and chewy coconut macaroons. Maybe to teethe.
Anyhow, for $45 this might be worth it, but certain parts were just not enjoyable.Food: 3
Decor: 3
Service: 4
Came here for their Sunday $45 4-course prix fixe after snagging a reservation 3 weeks in advance. It's hard to find parking in the area, but I managed to finally find a spot in the parking lot next door after circling around for 15 min.
1. Consomme
~Pretty good.
2. Foie gras with grilled apricot
~Pretty good. Foie gras was tasty, although I was hoping it'd be smoother and more buttery.
3. Sea bass
~Delicious. Easily the best course of the night. Bass was cooked perfectly, and the broth was quite good. Side veggies were decent.
4. Frozen souffle
~Okay. More like frozen ice cream (can't remember the dessert I'm thinking of).
5. Macaroons and cookies
~Mediocre. A bit too sweet, and I only had a bite of each.
Service was good, although it was odd when the server came back and told me there was only 1 bass left and asked me to switch to another fish. Luckily, another server came by and said that I could have the bass."I HAVE THE POWER OF TEN DUCKS!!!" I bellowed mightily down 8th Street after our meal at Bibou. I have the strength of a team of ducks and it's because I dined on their hearts with maitake mushrooms.
 I actually don't know how many hearts were literally consumed, but I can tell you this- If that appetizer is offered when you go to Bibou, get it. It's so delicious. Every course we devoured was, and impeccably prepared.
 The pan-seared foie gras was just perfect as were the escargots with favas and tarragon. The boef with green peppercorns sauce was flawless as well. 
I had been so anxious to try Bibou after hearing so many accolades and after having just one of the most hideously disappointing days in recent memory we actually had one glorious stroke of luck that we were able to get a reservation off opentable. 
We got ourselves together, bought a couple of bottles of wine (BYOB), went to Bibou and experiened one of the most excellent meals ever.
 Service was wonderful. I could thesaurus-up every synonym for "perfect," to describe this place. And...I know that Pierre, the chef, stops by everyone's table, but it still made us feel like all specially. Also it was satisfying to be able to enthusiastically jabber about how much we adored our meal to the man himself who made it. 
Duck hearts, liver, handful of garden snails... Kinda sounds like the makings of a witch's brew, maybe there is some kinda spell involved... It's funny how duck hearts and liver and some garden snails seemed to make everything all better.Both times I've eaten here the food has been outstanding, bordering on perfection.  On my first visit I went for the Sunday dinner, 4 course prix-fixe with choices for $45.  Everything was incredibly well-prepared and delicious, the only exception being the ice cream I ordered for dessert which had some ice crystal action happening, but I should have known better than to order ice cream when there were other delicious options.
The second time around I dined on tripe and it was delicious.  I'm not a big offal fan, but it was prepared so well, gratinee with tomatoes and bread crumbs, that I forgot I was even eating tripe.  For entree I had the pied du porc.  I didn't really like the texture of it, but the lentils that it sat on were so porky and delicious, on the verge of being too rich, but not quite getting there.  I can't wait to go back.Bibou is definitely my favorite restaurant in Philly!! Best value to taste the food like a Michelin star restaurant. Change menu all the times!!! Best food, best service and good price!The best and most enjoyable BYO meal I've had in Philadelphia (and I've had alot).  The owner/hostess was extremely nice.  They handled our nice bottle of wine that we brought back from France appropriately.  But most importantly....the food was spectacular and simple all at the same time.  It's the kind of experience that you can only have in Philadelphia - out of the way BYO, small dining room, decent prices, and ridiculously good food.  
The only issue was they weren't ready for us at our reservation time.  In fact it took 45 minutes for them to get our table cleared and ready, but this time was passed easily at Royal Tavern so I really can't conplain.
If I have to compare, I'd say it's better than Bistrot la Minette and Cochon, both of which I love.  But all three are just so much better than your run of the mill (usually italian...) BYO.There are few times in dining where I am rendered emotionally moved, but Bibou was one of these rare experiences.
My partner did some research and we chose to dine during the second seating of their 7-course prix fixe tasting menu. Although we were initially concerned about the inability to make substitutions, we decided to adventure forth together. 
We arrived at 8:25 and were seated at 8:35. Our amuse bouche was a palate delight with our favorite being the bacon Lardon crostini with brown butter (if I remember correctly.)
While each course had its own merits, some stars include the creamy herbaceous risotto, the red wine sauce, the crispy quail, and all the bread to soak up the succulent sauces poured tableside with each course.
My only point of regret was the cheese plate. When offered a salad or rare French cheeses I chose the salad as my unrefined palate has yet to embrace the funky nuances of aged fromage. When my "salad" arrived, I felt as though I was being punished for choosing it over their fine cheese board. It was several leaves with olive oil and pepper. After an elaborate meal, I was expecting more than this miniscule arrangement of foliage. At the least, toss me a crouton!
My partner decided to take a walk on the wild side and embraced the cheese. When presented with the board the monsieur explained how each cheese was exceptionally old and rare in its own right. From a bourbon rinsed cheese, to a refined bleu, and then ending in the oldest cheese in France with beautiful accoutrements. He instantly shoveled the cheese into his mouth in an honest rookies mistake. He expression of pain that followed was priceless. To his credit, he tried each cheese but was unable to stomach the bold tastes. Our server was appalled at his full plate upon return, but smiled politely. We apologize for our lack of palate development...perhaps in 20 years we can unabashedly pile drive molten cheese with a certain je nais Se pas in a similar manner to the gentlemen seated perpendicular to us, but at the present time all we could both taste was funk.
The delightful meal culminated in a savory dessert and chocolates. We enjoyed our three hour unrushed dining extravaganza and would return for another 7-course affair.
*We loved the intimate atmosphere and highly attentive service.I had been in a bit of a funk when it came to Philadelphia restaurants. Every place I went was tasty, but not exactly memorable. But Bibou restored my faith in exciting and delicious food.
(Full disclosure, I have a food blog so I tend to prefer restaurants that serve me things I could/would never make at home). 
We started off a bit rough; I left the bottle of wine at home! But the cozy atmosphere at the restaurant made it all ok again. 
We had a duck heart special and the escargots to start. And wow. We could not contain how excited we were about these two dishes. We even requested extra bread to sop up all of the sauces. 
Right before the main dishes arrived, our waiter brought out two glasses of wine to enjoy with our entree which was really nice of him.  My boyfriend had the Pied de Porc - a Braised pig foot stuffed with foie gras, and he could not have been happier about it. That poor dish didn't stand a chance. I had A lobster/fish croquette in a tomato sauce (I can't remember the exact name of it) that was so delicious, I kept eating it without letting it cool down... totally worth the burnt mouth. 
The service here is as impeccable at the food, I can't remember the last time I had such an overall fantastic experience at a restaurant. 
I also want to point out that I used a gift certificate that had (oops) expired 2 months prior and they still let me use it. I really appreciate the extra bit of customer service which allowed me to enjoy a meal here!Fantastic restaurant. Our favorite restaurant in Philadelphia and the best foie gras in the city.All courses were delicious, especially the soufflé!
The intimate, well-lit atmosphere and visit from the chef made the night even more memorable.
One of the best meals we've had in a long time!Traditional French restaurant with an awesome ambiance, that's BYOW. It's not pretentious at all, and the service is fantastic. The menu rotates items pretty frequently. Reservations are booked weeks to months ahead so make sure to do that and request bone marrow when making them if that's something you want to try. There is also a municipal lot right next door for easy parking. 
For me, this restaurant was a let down, but to be fair, my expectations were high. Recommendations by friends who touted Bibou as one of the top restaurants in Philly, and the high Yelp reviews set a high bar. I tried this restaurant two times, and I wasn't blown away either time. 
What I've tried: 
Bread is delicious especially with warm butter if you ask them to heat it up for you
Seared foie gras - fantastic, best way to serve foie gras
Foie gras terrine & mousse - I much preferred the seared one the 1st time I went
Escargots - It was a little bland to me
Steak Tartare - Pretty standard
Bone Marrow - Didn't stand out to me. 
Lamp chops - Ordered medium rare, were over-cooked
Braised pork feet - The pork was a little dry and the lentils were only okay.
Duck breasts - Standard
Desserts - Unimpressed
Overall, it was a let down based on my expectations and I hope this review will tone down your expectations so you can be positively surprised. I may be willing to give it one more shot with the tasting menu.After another excellent meal last night, I wanted to write an update.  Since my first visit to Bibou, I've been back for the 7-course tasting at the bar near the kitchen and twice with friends (who were really just excuses for me to go back).  On both of those trips, we ordered a la carte.
First, the bad.  I don't know whether the novelty has worn off (we do tend to order some of the same things each time because we love them) or the execution has been slightly off since the initial visits, but I've grown slightly less impressed by the food.  That's not to say that there aren't still surprises, or that the food isn't some of the best I've ever had.  I struggle to recall any missteps and, while I haven't liked some dishes as much as others, they're always extremely well put together.  It's only that the food has gone from being revelatory to just extremely enjoyable.
The good:  The more we come, the more familiar we get with the staff.  We talk about other restaurants (and some of the people who work there) with the servers.  Or where they're from.  On my previous three visits, we've been the last party to leave, and Charlotte has pulled up a chair with a glass of wine after everyone's left.  She's absolutely charming and she'll talk about her family, Bibou's success, and occasionally say something delightfully mischievous.  I told her how I was struggling with puff pastry that was essential for my plans to show off at a potluck, and she gave me advice and told me to call her later if I still had trouble.  The intimacy adds so much to the experience and if there have been any slight changes in how much I enjoy the food, I still love the restaurant more each time I go.  My only complaint now is that it's hard to respond to their friendliness when I'm already struggling to maintain some small degree of dignity and not  lick the plate or have food spill out of my mouth.Start to finish, best meal in Philadelphia. So good that I actually created an account just to say so!  My boyfriend and I shared the tasting menu. The food was sensual, delicious, and intimate. The service was impeccable while not at all being stuffy or over-bearing. And after we ate the chef chatted us up... Pretty impressive considering the size of the restaurant. They also deserve a lot of credit for their attention to small details. Worth noting that 90% of the food in the window was not what we ate- begging a return trip.
The good: butter, pheasant terrine, duck heart stew, swordfish over polenta cake, lamb, chorizo mussels, black trumpet mushroom fricassee, foie gras with port-poached pears and pumpkin spice bread, foie gras and berry custard that tasted like heaven and had the texture of creamy peanut butter *it was amazing*, cheese plate, and ile flottante for dessert (coincidentally my all-time favorite, what a nice surprise).
The bad: After a bottle of white and red, respectively, we were left wondering why we didn't bring any champagne along too. How terribly indulgent.
The ugly: I was so full I couldn't finish some of my decadent food and thusly my bf scarfed a lot of it down.
So I advise you to make a reservation, and bring an appetite!Bibou is probably the most intimate restaurant in all of Philadelphia. Its a cozy cash only French BYOB with amazing food at excellent prices in an unpretentious atmosphere. Its no wonder this place is always booked up. 
We started with fois gras and venison sausage. Both items were spectacular. For our entrees we had the bone marrow special and beef tenderloin. I've never had bone marrow before, so its hard to compare, but the beef tenderloin was out of this world. The deserts were very high quality as well. The chocolate plate was my favorite. 
Saying Bibou has great service is an understatement. I honestly don't think I've had a better service anywhere in the USA or abroad. The staff was very attentive, and the chef came out to check on every table.
The combination of food quality, service, and pricing is unmatched in Philadelphia. I highly recommend Bibou.Amazing Sunday dinner. Highlights were the bacalao soup, escargot and skate; save the amazing complimentary baguette and macaroon.  Friendly casual service and atmosphere but formal enough for a special occasion. Byob and cash-only.Bibou is all that.  Intimate, elegant and comfortable.  First off, parking is easy with a two hour lot right next door, which is a blessing in Philadelphia, the city where people get bumped off over parking spaces.  Immediately upon entering, you see how cozy it is.  The waiter knew what he was talking about and I really appreciated the fact that when he opened the bottle of wine, he evaluated the wine and then he was ready and willing to make recommendations for the meal based on the wine.
Here, you will find value in the fact that the kitchen is absolutely top notch, yet to afford a meal you don't have to get a second mortgage (which is near impossible now anyway).  Good luck getting a reservation.  It appears there are many regulars and to them I admit, I envy you, I wish I could eat there once a week.I don't often use the word charm when talking about restaurants, but Bibou exudes charm. This small, quant BYOB in bella vista is where Carly and I had dinner Friday night. Even with 35 people, this place would be packed. I love that Bibou focuses on the small details. The bathroom was really nice. The butter was imported from France. Our server was attentive and gave in depth explanations of thie entire menu. These little things cultivate a really nice environment for dinner.
We opted for some Cabernet Savignon to go with dinner. The menu here is set up in two courses, and there's a lot of excellent choices. We started with duck heats marinated with mushrooms. This dish had a lot of flavor, and the hearts were tender and succulent. 
Main courses came out shortly after. Carly ordered the bone marrow special. Bibou only makes ten bone marrow specials each day, and when they sell out, thats it for the night. Pierre, the head chef, takes a cow bone and splits it down the middle. The marrow is scooped out, and then made into a delicious stuffing with mushrooms and breadcrumbs, and returned to the bone and roasted. Where else can you eat out of a bone? It also came with a side of some of the best roasted potatoes I've had in recent memory.
I ordered seared ahi tuna with cauliflower cuoscous with tomatillos and raisins. The whole dish was topped with a turmeric sauce . I ordered the tuna rare, and it was excellently cooked. My dish wasn't my favorite, but it was still way better than what I expect when I'm out to eat.
After dinner, Pierre had slow moment in the kitchen. He came out to each table individually and asked us about our meal and thanked us for dining with them. This simple gesture was really nice and wins big points in my book.
We also had dessert; a chocolate sampler. Chocolate mousse, a brownie thing and chocolate gealtto. Thses three different things were distinct and tasty, a perfect way to cap off our dinner.
Bottom line: This byob will impress you. Its an intimate place to grab dinner, not too expensive, and a real pleasure to enjoy. Hang around long enough to talk to Pierre and get the full experience.I am sorry but I can only give this place 4 stars. The meal was great but for 5 stars it needs to blow me away, sorry to say it did not. I had the escargots and the foie gras to start, the escargots were good but a hair to salty. The foie gras was good one of the better I have had. I decided on the hanger steak ( I was craving red meat lol), I should have gone with the pigs foot form what I have seen on this site. The dish was good, it just didn't have a 5 star taste. The place is a little on the bright side as far as lighting is concerned, but that is just my preference. In short a solid 4 star that may have some 5 star dishes I didn't try.Every would be  restaurateur in the city should be required to eat at Bibou in order to experience real service. Top notch, passionate, informed, attentive - first class.
High notes - the Steak, Tuna, Marrow Bone, Cheese plate, dessert. Food was a little uneven, the mussels did not meet our expectations and the shrimp and avocado app was unremarkable. I keep coming back to the Marrow Bone. If you told me I would pay $30 for a half a bone, couple of spuds and some frizzed greens and be happy, I would not believe you. I carry a picture of this thing on my phone along with my kids. OMG.
Super duper good - a treat we will repeat.bibou is a great little place, byob mind you - very small but makes up for size with a great, mixed menu that is hard not to please and great service. the hostess and waiter were both extremely polite and attentive. food was brought out in a timely fashion - not too early and not too late. my hat off to the chef as the filet i ordered was cooked to perfection. I'm not a fan of mushrooms but the dish incorporated them rather nicely which was a surprise for me because I didn't mind them at all. definitely was a great dining experience and worth the money for an exquisite meal. I'm not so much a fan of french cuisine due to my particular taste tendencies but the menu seemed broad enough to cover anyones' likes and everything is cooked using the freshest, finest ingredients. it is cash-only which is a minor downfall but definitely not a deal breaker. highly recommend bibou as a nice little hole-in-the-wall byob in philadelphia - definitely worth atleast one shot.I'm not a fan of French food and Philly's French offerings (LBF, Brasserie Perrier, Parc) did not debunked my belief.  
Then came Bibou....
Bibou is easily one of my favorite restaurants.  During my frequent travels, I haven't been able to find an equivalent restaurant in terms of quality, style, or value -- a surprising disappointment for SF and NYC.  Bibou is certainly Philly's gem.
Here's the breakdown:
LOGISTICS:  Located in South Philly near the Italian Market and Washington Ave.  PPA parking lot -- 3-hrs free.  Street parking.  Reservations via phone or opentable.com.  Reservations can be difficult to get, so plan ahead.  BYOB. Cash only. Closed Mon & Tues.
PRICE:  Very reasonable for this caliber food.  $45 prix fixe menu on Sundays (4 courses).  You can request more courses for incrementally more money.  You can also just order off the menu.
FOOD:  Pied de Porc, Foie Gras, and Bone Marrow are my favorites.  There are also more familiar offerings for those who have less adventurous palates.  If you call ahead, vegetarian requests can be made.  If you're vegan, consider going elsewhere.   
The only mild disappointment was that the desserts paled in comparison to the rest of the meal.  Anywhere else, the desserts would have been fabulous.
SERVICE:  Excellent!  Pierre and Charlotte were very attentive and obviously proud of their creation.  The staff is fantastic. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Congrats to BIbou for the 2010 James Beard nomination!I now live in LA, but every time I'm back in Philadelphia, I insist that my parents (who go here regularly) and I go to Bibou.  To me, this restaurant is a revelation--I've now been here probably half a dozen times (twice we've gotten the blowout tasting menu).
The experience begins the moment you walk in the door.  It's a cozy, inviting room that is simultaneously relaxed but elegant.  Charlotte and the staff are extremely welcoming.  And I have to add that they have one of the nicest bathrooms of any restaurant I've seen--if I had one like it at home, I'd probably never leave.
Of course, none of this would matter if the food weren't world class.  And it is.  On this latest visit, I had escargots with yellowfoot chanterelles in a deliciously flavorful sauce--went through quite a bit of bread (and their bread is fantastic) sopping it up.  While my mother ordered what I did, my father ordered the always wonderfully decadent foie gras, but this time Pierre accompanied it with an other-worldly roasted, slightly caramelized persimmon slice.  Absolutely incredible pairing.  My main course was a perfectly cooked duck breast in a red wine reduction, accompanied by a small gaggle of vegetables (corn, shallots, etc), with just a hint of vinegar to cut through the richness of the duck.  Again, my mother and I seemed to be duplicating each other tonight, but my father had a perfectly cooked branzino, a mild lemon flavor complementing it par excellence.  One of the best fish dishes I could remember in recent memory.
Before dessert, we detoured to the cheese course, a trio of delightful cheeses (a goat, a Roquefort and a Morbier), always paired perfectly.  I finished my meal with a chocolate trio (cake, mousse and ice cream, though this hardly does them justice) and their scrumptious macaroons.
From start to finish, Bibou never disappoints.  Every meal I've ever had there has been nothing short of perfection.  One of the best restaurants in America, and a great reason to visit Philadelphia.Oh Bibou. You've set a very high standard for fine dining in Philadelphia. My girlfriend and I went for her birthday.  If you use Open Table, be prepared to be on at midnight a month in advance of when you want to make a reservation, though it might be best to call instead (I used Open Table).  
Bibou's storefront is wholly unassuming-- possibly a converted corner home that has a humble sign with its signature "b."  It's next to a municipal parking lot on 8th St. just past Carpenter, so parking is a breeze.  As you enter, you realize that there may be 9 tables in the entire restaurant, and as you eat you're incredibly fortunate to sit at one.  
The hostess was incredibly polite, sat us immediately (even though we were a few minutes early), and the table was spotless.  One of our servers quickly filled our water glasses, opened our wine (it's BYOB!!!), gave us our menus, and brought us a lovely sliced baguette.  we had a moment to realize just how delightfully the place is decorated, with little French accents.  Along with the menu, the server informed us of the specials for both first plates and the main course.  
We began with a fois gras duo and creamy risotto with shaved black truffle. First, I could not believe that these two dishes came out of the kitchen in less than 10 minutes.  It was such wonderful service; we were hardly ever left waiting.  The fois gras duo was amazing-- I've never had such high quality fois gras.  It was prepared as a mousse topped with an apricot gelatin (aspic?), and the other was seared with candied apricot and a pumpernickel-like bread soaked in an acidic liquid. Great contrast, and an excellent application of fois gras. The risotto receives equally high marks. The arborio rice was cooked to perfection with a creamy broth of stock and mascarpone adding to the richness. The best part was that four or five pieces of shaved black truffle topped the dish. It was the most rich, flavorful risotto I have ever had.  What a great start.
The Plats Principaux were also phenomenal. My girlfriend had a sauteed softshell crab on a buckwheat pancake, salad and moutarde.  The buckwheat pancake was so light and airy, but it packed so much flavor. The softshell crab was flavored delicately, but  it let the crab flavor shine through- so tasty!   My pied de porc (pig's foot) with lentil "du puy" was incredibly rich and packed with, what else, fois gras.  I have only had pickled pigs' feet at my grandmother's behest 20 years ago.  This was completely different and so incredible. The pork was deboned and melted in your mouth. The lentils were cooked to perfection with petit carrot brunoise and chopped bacon (real bacon).  I loved every bite.
For dessert, the strawberry-rhubarb pie with a merengue top was mindblowingly good. My lemon verbena creme brulee had perfect texture, but I think the lemon gave it a slightly bitter flavor and didn't have enough sugar to get through the richness of my first two dishes.  To end, they brought my girlfriend two macarons with a candle for her birthday (both delicious).  During the night, the chef came over and greeted us, talked for a bit, explained some of the dishes, and was so sincerely cordial.  It was an unbelievable experience all around.  I would give it 8 stars if I could, but five will have to do.The best French restaurant in Philly! The food was incredible and I loved every single bite I took. 
My boyfriend took me there for my birthday on a Friday night. The place is close to Italian market and there is a public parking lot one block away from it. So parking wasn't an issue at all. As we walked in, I realized how small this place is. During the time we were there, there wasn't an empty table. I feel so lucky to be able to get a reservation here. We were seated by the window. Our waiter is very proper and promptly. 
The menu isn't extensive but there are so many options that sound so interesting. What we ended up are: 
1. Risotto with shaved truffle: it was my first time having fresh shaved truffle. It was creamy but not too overwhelming. With the right amount of cheese, it's a perfect light start of our meal
2. Foie gras duo: it came with a mousse version and a seared one. As a mousse, the texture and flavor of foie gras was highlighted so well. The seared one was accompanied with some sort of sweet bread and apricot. It was an interesting contrast on taste between the fattiness of foie gras and the citrus flavor of apricot.   
3. Stuffed pig feet: this was the best part of our meal. The tender meat with some delicious french lentil made every single bite perfect. 
4. Sauteed softshell crabs: two crabs were sauteed and plated with a pancake. Mustard sauce is used for dipping. This was very satisfying, especially considering that I have been craving for crabs for the past few weeks. I am not sure what went into the pancake but it tasted great with the crabs. 
For dessert, we had creme brulee and strawberry rhubarb pie. Maybe because I had a bite of the pie first, the creme brulee was sort of tasteless to me. I enjoyed the pie much more.
Over the course of 2.5 hours we were there, I realized that most people there seemed to visit frequently as they chatted with the hostess and chef. It was a really nice touch when the chef stopped by our table to say hi. 
Overall, it was a great dining experience with some of the best dishes I have had. We will definitely go back there soon.  
P.S. This is cash only, so be prepared.I had been wanting to try Bibou for the past year or so, but every time I got around to making a reservation, they were already booked solid.  When my family came to town this past weekend, I jumped at the opportunity to take them to a 9pm reservation (much to my family's chagrin.. we don't typically eat that late).  I'm happy to say that it was well worth the wait.  
I ordered the $70, 7-course chef's tasting menu.  It. was. to die for. Let's see if I can remember each of the courses: 
0. complimentary chilled endive cream, smoked fish rillette (cold soup, bitter cream with a sweet and salty fish patty in it; odd but enjoyable; listed at $9). 
1. Crab salad: Crab meat salad with cucumber& watermelon, avocado purée on top (delicious, I highly recommend trying this one. The sweet watermelon with the tangy avocado was perfect with the crab; listed at $14).
2. Escargot (The dressing felt more Mediterranean than French but it was delicious nonetheless; listed at $15).  
3. Fois Gras: goose liver with poached peach, served with a side of cream which was topped with a watermelon glaze.  (I really enjoyed this dish, again it was something odd that I might not have otherwise tried; listed at $18)
4. Monk fish (apparently people relate this fish to lobster, and I can understand why.  Same sort of consistency, it felt very fatty (in a good way) and tasty. Not my favorite, but still interesting! price unlisted)
5. I know I'm missing a course, but for the life of me I can't remember it.  I'm sure it was lovely though!
6. Foie du Veau: Veal liver with potatoes and spinach (Very different from anything I've ever eaten. The waiter wouldn't tell me what it was until after I'd tried it.  The consistency is hard to describe... I'm not sure I would recommend trying it if you are just ordering a main because I can see how someone could be disappointed with it.  But I was feeling adventurous (re: tipsy?) so I found it to be enjoyable; listed at $27 )
7. Creme brulee: A classic. Perfect (price unlisted).
Considering the few dishes I could find a price for total more than $83 (remember, monk fish, mystery dish, and creme brulee were unlisted), I'd say that the $70 tasting menu is the way to go.  The portions were large enough that everyone at my table of 4 was able to sample, with enough leftover for me to thoroughly enjoy.
Throughout the meal we were also served fresh baguette and French butter which was the perfect amount of soft and crunchy, salty and creamy respectively. 
The chef was floating around the dining room throughout the night, and stopped by our table to say hello and chat with my mom (in French) about the dinner.  Charming and kind man who truly cares about food.
Having a sibling too young to drink but old enough to drive makes driving a breeze.  There's a PPA parking lot right next to the restaurant, and the lot is free after 8 (If I remember correctly... please don't quote me on this one). 
Overall, one of the best dinners I have had in Philadelphia.
Don't forget! It's BYOB and cash only.So glad I finally dined here. Nice dining room (if a little unatmospheric), excellent menu, attentive service, good quality ingredients, spot on presentation, delicious desserts. Will most certainly go back.This was one of the best byob places I've ever been to. The chef even spoke to us after dinner. Absolutely delicious and super cozy. I wish we had something like this in NYC. Grab a drink at James' before dinner right down the street.Don your prettier apparel and get ready for date night. The service was absolutely top of the line. When I asked if escargot was from sea snails or land snails the waiter (who had a french accent) not only knew that they were land snails, but gave a brief explanation of the snails origins depending on where you were in the U.S. His descriptions of the menu items were eloquent and informative. I highly recommend the tasting menu. Sampling everything you can is absolutely delightful. My favorite was the floating island dessert.just adore the Sunday night set menu. The trio of fois gras was terrific. Lovely atmosphere, very warm, Too darn hard to get a reservation!The butter is soooo good!!! I think I come back to bibou partly because of the butter they serve with the bread. Menu selection isn't vast but they dont disappoint. We tend to get some extra complimentary food such as macaroons and etc. 
Booking fills up quickly but nothing like a late night dinner at bibouMy wife and I went to Bibou for our anniversary.  We both left wondering why everyone seems to love this place.  We arrived 5-minutes early.  Our table was not ready, which was understandable but we were asked to sit outside on a bench and wait.  We asked why we couldn't sit at the back bar and were told we could do that if we wanted.  When we sat down, our appetizer and main course were served within 20 minutes.  No good restaurant serves food that quickly.  We went to dine, not to eat quickly.  We called the owner over and she siad that this was the standard in the city.  We now live in Philly but we've lived in other countries.  Philly restaurants do tend to serve way too quickly.  Now, the food was good, but not outstanding.  We used to eat in Montreal quite a lot when our daughter lived there.  Bibou would be an okay restaurant in Montreal, not worth the hype.Bibou came highly recommended by a good friend of mine who knows his French cuisine so my party of 6 decided to give it a go when we visited Philly from New York.  The restaurant was small but cozy and was pretty full when we were seated. As the meal went on we enjoyed the bread and escargot appetizers but once the meal was served things took a turn for the unsavory. I did not like what I ordered so decided not to eat it and share with a friend. When the waiter came to take the plates he asked me if anything was wrong with the food since he saw the barely touched meal. I told him I wasn't a fan of the flavor and that the mussels tasted as if they had gone bad but that I didn't want to complain and I shared some other meals. 
Within 5 minutes, the manager (chef's wife) came over to our table and proceeded to speak in French to a member of our party who spoke French. No one understood what they were saying but the woman was clearly agitated. Finally my French friend said, "Speak to them, they had the mussels" and pointed at me and another member of the party.
The woman then proceeded to come over in, and in her most condescending tone, tell us that if we didn't like the mussels then it must be because we don't know what mussels are supposed to taste like. I was shocked, especially because I hadn't sent the food back or complained. We apologized if we had offended her in any way and told her that we simply did not like them and that it was a matter of taste. 
She walked away and stood about twenty feet away from our table for the rest of the night, glaring at us. I spoke to my friend in Spanish and she yelled, across the restaurant, "I speak Spanish too, you know!" 
Regardless of the food, we definitely left the restaurant with a bad taste in our mouth. We will never recommend this place to anyone unless they want to try the mussels--with a side of French bitch on the side.Cozy atmosphere, prompt and friendly service, incredible food on all fronts. Recommend going for an earlier reservation, as things can get backed up.Incredible food for a great value. It isn't cheap but compared to a lot of (liquor) licensed restaurants of its caliber you can get a world class meal for two for under $200. It's also great to go somewhere where the owners are truly hands on. Chances are you'll meet both owners before you leave the restaurant.For starters, I have to ask - WHAT is that photo on the Bibou Yelp page.  At first glance, I thought it was a creme brulee gone horribly wrong!  Looks NOTHING like anything that ended up on OUR table!
In any event, we made our first visit to Bibou a few nights ago, and BAM!  Right to the top of the list.  The place only has room for about a dozen tables, and from what I can tell, the owners are a French couple who are running the place themselves.  As it happened, we were caught in a huge traffic snarl so we were over an hour late for our reservation.  When we called to explain, all we got was a message device, but once we arrived, they had listened to the message and adjusted accordingly so we could be seated nearly 90 minutes late.  That's a big deal for a little restaurant like this, but they could not have been more gracious in helping go make things work.
But what about the food?  OMG... AMAZING!  I had the special, which turned out to be venison.  Normally that would not be my first choice, but our server raved about it, and I was so glad I went with his recommendation!  There was a smallish medallion, but also a 'second feature' of ground (?) meat in the lighter than air pastry.  Heaven - I tell ya!  They were willing to substitute the asparagus over the brussel sprouts (THANK YOU!), and the potatoes in a breaded crust (sophisticated hush puppies) were simply to die for.  
C had the black sea bass which literally melted in your mouth.  And the creme brulee absolutely passed the amazing test, which we think is the real mark of an outstanding restaurant. 
As for the guy who gave them three stars a few weeks ago, not sure what we missed, but Bibou goes right to the top of our BYOB list.  We can hardly wait to go back!Been trying to get in for a while and was able to get in this past Saturday.  Our waiter Eli was great, excellent service. Was really looking forward to the bone marrow based on the positive reviews. I guess I am not a marrow expert but I was not floored by the dish.  Tasted like crispy  stuffing, not bad but nothing mind blowing.  
Soup
artichoke soup with pickled fennel  - creamy and excellent
Appetizers.
Foie gras -  very well executed  melted in your mouth
chilled shrimp salad  - creamy and outstanding
escargots - great presentation, good sauce, 
Entrees,  
My wife had a special, Seared sea scallops, pea purée, grilled eggplant, enoki mushrooms, prosciutto and pomegranate vinaigrette .  It was the best scallop dish she ever had, cooked perfectly and my wife went   "mmmmmmmm!!"  after every bite!  I tasted it too and it was spectacular!!
I had the whole fish special.  Cant remember the name of the fish but the waiter said similar to branzino.   It was excellent!!   served with a side of sweet potato gnocchi that was to die for!!  could be the best gnocchi i ever had!!
dessert
pistachio sorbet
honey sorbet    both very good,   not too heavy!Adventurous menu. Tasty meal, but not extraordinary. I might go back, but not with expectations as high as my first visit.Our second trip to Bibou was nothing short of extraordinary.  Although Chef Pierre was not present this evening, his long time colleague and fellow chef, Ron Fougeray was at the helm this night.
I had managed to reserve a table for the Sunday Prix Fixe dinner and it did not disappoint.  I remembered last time that I had wanted to try the stuffed pigs foot and was told to just call ahead and ask about it.  I did and we, mostly I (more on that), were able to get the last one.
From the entrance to the seating everything was what one would expect from a top restaurant.  Courteous, attentive service with warm smiles and friendly expressions.
The soup this evening was a chilled watermelon and beet gazpacho with roasted baby golden beets and pickled watermelon rind.  My only critique of this dish, which is also my only critique of the entire meal, was that the watermelon rind was too large to obtain and eat with the small demitasse spoon and cup.  Otherwise, the flavors were fresh, vibrant and helped to awaken our senses to the oncoming meal.
During the course of dinner our server took great liberty in refilling our wine glasses even though there was a point when I should have put my hand over my glass and waived my napkin.
The guinea hen and foie gras galantine and seared foie gras was the second course for us.  The galantine, served room temperature, had a great rustic appeal that matched the style of cooking established by Chef Pierre.  The foie gras was amazing as always.  Those of us fortunate enough to have experienced the foie gras from Bibou in the past know that the quality and care taken to the liver is perfect.
The next item was our reserved item.  The foie gras stuffed pig's foot, crisped up and served over a bed of braised lentils.  Easily one of the best items of the night.  The crispy pig skin and gelatinous'y innards complemented with the soft foie gras were simply perfection when accompanied by the lentils.  I could eat that dish every day, although it may have dire health implications later on.
For entrees, I opted for the oil poached arctic char with corn, broccoli and a corn-uni emulsion.  The sauce, poured table side, was the perfect balance of sweet and salty complementing the char and the sauteed farro.  My wife went with the petite filet that was accompanied by a potato gratin and a marvelous sauce medoc ($5 supplement).
Chef Ron graciously complimented our meal with the assorted cheeses of the evening, some of which were left on the plate as my stomach was reaching near excess.
For dessert, we shared the chocolate pot de creme and floating island with homemade almond pralines.  At this point, my wife had to finish the sweets as I had reached capacity, but she informed me with every bite that they were all exceptionally tasty.Had the 5:30 Chef Tasting on a Friday evening. What a wonderful time. It was $70 for one person (plus tax and tip) and you can bring your own wine if you are into that. Had 6 courses plus a dessert. Some of the best food I had - ever.