Was a bit worried after seeing a few really bad reviews here but we had a really wonderful time here last night. 
You should note that it's a bit loud and very cozy (you will rub up against other diners getting to your table), but that's all ok since the food is really great. We found the service to be quite good as well.
Things to note :
 * It's cash only. 
 * It's a BYO. Bring a nice chilled bottle of Vodka and get the mango mixer pitcher (it's $12 and serves about 4 glasses). Perfect complement to the food.
 * The Samosa app is awesome (there are 3 on the plate) as is the sweet goat cheese paratha (which serves enough for about 2 ppl)
 * The Lamb Shank is amazing but pretty big. It simply falls off the bone.
 * The vegetarian thali was pretty good as well, but a couple of the parts were very spicy!Overall a great experience with Bindi's beautiful and elegant decor and ambiance, great service and delicious Indian-inspired food-- I would recommend this restaurant to locals and visitors alike. 
My mom and I went to India a few summers ago, so we have a strong frame of reference for what constitutes real Indian food.  Bindi definitely brought us back, pulling off a great fusion of authentic, fresh Indian spices and ingredients (lime and curry leaves, mmmm) with local foods and interesting menu options.
I would HIGHLY recommend the grilled Octopus appetizer (chickpea, curry leaf, warm spinach, madras curry vinaigrette) --this was our favorite!  The bengali spice roasted duck pani puri (sweet potato, apple chutney, pomegranate molasses, "spicy tamarind water") was impeccable as well.
We brought our own Vodka and mixed it with a pitcher of their mango, lime and cardamom beverage--which was delicious.
Get your booty to Bindi!  And don't forget your cash!I don't understand why Philadelphia's Indian food scene is so lackluster.  Figuring that perhaps higher prices translate into better quality, I gave Bindi a shot.  I found the food bland, inauthentic, and expensive.
Having had Indian food in India, it's hard to justify Bindi's menu and prices.  The location and fun decor make for a nicer dining experience than some other spots in Philly, but I think the food is a lot tastier elsewhere.  I did enjoy the mixed drink pitchers, though.While not normally one for Indian food, thought that it would be interesting to see what Indian Fusion might be. From the get-go I was a little confused as they had an April March album playing, which is a little like the Gypsy Kings playing at a sushi restaurant.
Now, let me walk it back a little and explain that I found it difficult to rate Bindi as I kept wanting to review what I thought it should be and not what it is. Don't remember dish names, but do their descriptions; please excuse my ADD.
Love that it's BYO, since I'm notoriously cheapas... frugal. Just brought wine so can't review the mixers.
I had the tuna tartar, flatbread with honey (whatever this one's called) and the pork chop.
Yeah, I got a pork chop at an Indian place. Please bear with me, there's a good excuse: the server claimed it was the spiciest thing on the menu. It was beautiful, juicy, well crusted, and cooked exactly how I like it. The blanched veggies and potatoes went very well with it. Having said that though, if I were the type of guy that spends Saturdays eating cucumber sandwiches and shopping for bluchers, I'd have found this spicy. However wonderfully cooked the pork was, spicy it was not.
The tuna tartar was about what you'd expect, though I found the chippy things that come with it a little silly.
If I could fill a kiddie pool with the sauce that came with the flatbread though... that would be my kind of party. That stuff's crazy good and have no idea what's in it.
Everyone with me seemed to be very happy with their meals. Normally I'd try everything but the portions were generous enough that I was concerned enough with finishing my own meal.
Our server was very nice and knowledgeable.
The lighting was a little dimmer then I'd normally like, but would probably be just right for a date.
Overall I enjoyed my meal here. The prices were reasonable and a great amount of care seemed to go into the food.As a big fan of Indian food, I was very excited to try bindi's 20 dollar tasting menu. Although the food was enjoyable and well prepared for the most part. The service was terrible. Our server paid no attention to us (the host actually took our drink order and did the check back).
The tables are cramped, they don't take credit cards and they have a bizarre 18 dollar minimum ( which I admit did not affect us)I just moved to Philly, and I was lucky to make it to Bindi for Restaurant Week before it closed its doors.  The braised short ribs - yummy!This was the tastiest, most delicious Indian food I've ever had. Indian food is often thought of as heavy and goopy. This food was delightfully fresh, modern and innovative while still being real Indian food-- NOT 'nouveau-Indian'.
I loved the space. It's a small restaurant but doesn't feel cramped and the lighting is just right. Everyone in the restaurant seemed to be enjoying the food and the experience.
I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for an expensive feast.We eat at a lot of Indian restaurants. Being from the UK we find most US curry houses quite lame and bland. I would say the Bindi is definitely stand out and I really like what they have done with the fusion menu. Sure its pricey but given the quality and thought that has gone into the unique selection of dishes I would say it's worth every cent. For two of us we spent about $100 without tip for starters, entrees and 1 desert. We brought a long a bottle of Rum (its BYOB) and they served us a very nice mixer (mango sharbat). We should have gone for the nimbu-pani (Indian style pomegranate-ginger lemonade) which was what the waitress recommended. The mango mixer was very nice but after a while was a bit sweet and sickly .... well she did warn us. I have never come across this before and its a nice concept. High quality cocktails but for a very reasonable price. 
The service is good and the decor modern and stylish. Location great. It's cash only but no problem, there is an ATM at the pizza joint two doors down. The food was yummy and very well cooked. I started with the ghee poached lobster pani puri which was very different to usual puri. The puri was made into 5 tasty little parcels, very unique. My Wife had the sindhi eggplant a gorgeous little vegetarian curry. Entree follow ups were just as good. I had the lamb two ways and the lamb was cooked to perfection and full of great flavors. My wife had the seafood goozoo which was kind of like and Indian Gumbo. Very tasty, but not as good as the lamb. Which was stand out. For desert I had the vanilla bean panna cotta. Very nice. All in all great, only comment would be everything is a touch over-salted. 
Gourmet and up-market Indian food with a twist? I'm sold! Don't expect large quantities of bland curry. Do expect some very unique and tasty Indian dishes. Will be back for sure.Bindi was a very good experience. Only downside is that you have to pay cash for everything. I was pretty surprised to see that in a not-so-cheap place. 
However, the food was really good. Very vegetarian friendly.
Only had appetizers to eat.... we drank the Nimbu Pani (pomegrenate  infused indian style lemonade). 
veggie Samosas were pretty excellent. 
red beet papdi chaat had a unique taste. Unlike any other papdi chaat I have had before. The cool thing was the beets had totally soaked up the flavour of the chaat....this was really good!
Then, tried veggie pani puri. There was no paani (the liquidy stuff) in the paani puri!! The mayo overshadowed any remaining flavors. So, this was our true disappointment.
Also tried a side of potato paratha. Was really good!!
Overall a very good experience.Wonderful place with great food.  The only problem is that you ahver to put in your complete order at one time.  BYOB at its best.As much as I love food, I definitely find Indian to be one of the more challenging cuisines to go for.  I have had really good homemade Indian basics at my high school girlfriend's house (though to the family I was just her white, jewish study buddy as anything else was strictly not kosher).  Since then I haven't eaten nearly as much Indian food as I would have liked and Bindi was a great way to get my feet wet again.  You all know the story by now, old classics get a new look.  I agree that this is not the traditional fare that you are going to find around UPenn but traditional is not the only indicator of good.  I'll be honest yelpers, as you may have noticed from the dates of most of my postings I have not been a model of consistency.  I don't remember what I had specifically but i do remember all of the dishes being very good both at the rest. and heated up the next day for a good, albeit non-traditional, breakfast.I was skeptical of this place because of it's prices (it's Indian food!) and it's fusion concept.  I continue to be skeptical.  
I went on a Sunday night after realizing Minar Palace was not open.  We went around 9pm and this place was dead.  Really, we were the only people in the restaurant.  I liked the dark atmosphere, and it's much nicer than most traditional Indian decor.  
We got the Veal meatballs to start, and shared the chicken tikka and pork vindaloo.  The meatballs were good.  The two entrees were "Meh" at best.  The portion sizes were okay - had a little bit leftover to take home, but the food was nothing special at all.  And paying that much for "Meh" indian food made me shed a little tear.  
One final down side - a good thing about alot of Indian places is their ability to make most of their dishes "Vegan" or in our case, just lactose free since my boyfriend is lactose intolerant.  We asked about doing that with the Saag and we had no luck.  Sad.I went to Bindi with a couple (more specifically, 6) of my girlfriends. Now, as a restaurant industry employee, I fully understand the loathing that usually greets Penn students at the doors of a dining establishment -- I've seen many of these Ivy Leaguers act arrogantly and rudely to their servers and I strive to separate myself from that stereotype.
That being said, our service was so terrible at Bindi that it is difficult to even remember the food. Our server, Karen, was inattentive and cold, and seemed annoyed at simple questions we posed about the dishes. When she brought out a dish that I had not ordered, she tried to convince me that I did! When I insisted she sighed audibly and walked away in an evident huff. She didn't swing by the table for the next 15 minutes and I had to ask other employees about where my correct order was.
I couldn't believe she would treat customers this way and still expect a tip! And that is when I remembered that she was guaranteed 18% of our check because of the size of our party. 
Food wise, I remember Bindi was good but not great. The turkey lettuce wraps stand out in my head as well as the several types of nan we ordered, but Karen really did sour the experience for us. I will not be back.Let me preface this by saying that I'm a very hard-to-please Indian, and was more than willing to walk out of this restaurant complaining about the incredibly tight-seating area, which required elbowing (and in some cases, sharing conversations with) total strangers in an intimate, loud setting, a unisex bathroom that was occupied for the entire time we were there, a frustratingly long wait for the food to arrive, and most importantly, 'papdi chaat' gone unforgivably WRONG (for anyone that has had a chaat from a street vendor in India or its hygenic version in Jersey City would know that Bindi's concoction with pomegranate and cucumber was not even a far-fetched impression), but the chef redeemed himself with the entrees. 
If I ever venture to go back to this place (though I highly doubt that) I would for the absolutely delicious, melt-in-your-mouth, tender-as-a-lamb, well -- lamb (gosht). The rotis and chutneys were alright, other entrees were good, though not exceptional. Others at the table (and at other tables) didn't have too many complaints though. If you're looking for reasonably good food, albeit with very little room to eat it in, try this place by all means, just don't expect the food to be anywhere close to Indian!"Atmosphere:
The ambiance and setup of Bindi is nice, not great. A bit towards the cramped side and slightly too dark for my liking. 
Food: 
I went with a group for 7-8 people and ordered a lot of different kind of stuff. There were somethings which were quite good, but unfortunately most of what we ordered wasn't too great. Some of the items were just way to bland and/or the spices did not mix well with the food. 
The food is definitely not authentic indian food (which is fine) but it just didn't taste as good. Having quasi Indian/American food is a terrificidea, but it's only a terrific idea if the food truly tastes good, which it didnt.
Service:
The waiter and staff were friendly and efficient.
The biggest downside to this place is that they do NOT take credit card. I found that to be  quite odd, because the place is very expensive for indian food and carrying that much cash doesn't make sense. Our bill came out to at least $20-30 per head (we ordered a lot though), totaling to close to $200.
I took coworkers to Bindi for a business dinner and really it wasn't worth going to an atm prior to going here just to make sure I had $200 in cash. 
The owners of Bindi need keep up with technology and accomodate credit card usage. Frankly speaking, I won't be going back to this place mainly because of the credit card issue and the food was just average...Worst dining experience ever.
Three major issues with our experience:
(1) Slow kitchen - the kitchen took an hour before entrees came out on a Tuesday night
(2) Cash-only for a $128 meal for 3 (there is fine print in the menu that says that, but to the unsuspecting patron, it's quite the surprise)
(3) Poor service - wait-staff was extremely rude when settling the bill
Bindi is a high-priced Indian restaurant that only accepts cash payment.  My friends and I had no idea that an upscale restaurant would not accept credit - many folks like the three of us do not carry much cash around, let alone $128 before tip.
When we sat down, the restaurant was at half capacity.  Not a surprise on a Tuesday.  We were a bit tight on time, so we asked if the kitchen could be quick with our order - the waitress said "of course."  Our food came out ~1 hr later, after two reminders.
When the food came out, it was not "fresh out of the oven" hot, which further impacted our experience.  It gets worse.  
When we put a credit card down to pay for the $128 meal and the waiter said, "no, we don't take that."  I thought they meant "AMEX", but instead, he said, "we only take cash."  We looked around the restaurant - the door, near the cashier, etc. - and could not see a "cash only" sign anywhere to be found.  
When we asked the waiter, he responded "it's in the menu"... we asked him to clarify and he flipped to some page with small font that clearly, none of us saw.
So we literally scrounged every bit of cash from our wallets and had just a bit over the bill + tax.  This is when the wait-staff really goes overboard.  They refuse to give us a copy of the bill and instead, demand that we provide a more sizeable tip.  We mention that we are out of cash, showing our wallets.  The response: "There is an ATM 4 blocks away, you should go there and come back.  We work hard for our money.  Was there ANYTHING wrong with your meal?"  
I pointed out that many things were wrong with the meal - we had explicitly mentioned our time constraints, the fact we considered leaving, the fact the food was luke-warm, and the fact this conversation was even happening.
The other patrons in the restaurant were all fixated on this conversation and clapped when we highlighted our dissatisfaction with the meal.  This was my worst dining experience ever, and I hope no one else makes the same mistake of dining there.I didn't think I even liked this style of cuisine until I sat at their table.
Spices and flavors I had never experienced put together in such wonderful ways.
The whole experience made my palette spin and left me wanting more
BYOB!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is the best Indian restaurant I've ever been to. Period. (For those Philly/DCers out there, even better than Rasika!)
I've been three times now, and every single thing I've tried is pure deliciousness. The thalis especially -- platters of a variety of small dishes.
Instead of naan, they have paratha -- which is even more delicious. It's a thinner, chewy bread made with interesting ingredients like potato or cauliflower. You've got to try it.I've been putting off my review for Bindi because I can't really recall a thing about the dinner.  I don't remember any particular dish.  I remember not hating it or loving it.  
Bindi - I nothing you.Headed to Bindi last night for Thali Tuesday.  I'd never been to Bindi before and was a bit reluctant due to my dislike of Lolita.  I cannot speak for the rest of the menu but the Thali Tuesday menu was fantastic.  Such a variety and everything was delicious.  The price can definitely not be beat.I have gone to this place several times and the fact I am originally from india is telling -- I do not like most Indian food places in US since they do not do justice to the indian cuisine and sophistication that some believe does not exist in indian cuisine.
Bindi definitely stands out as a contemporary twist to indian food. There are certain dishes that are too crafty and lose their meaning, but overall it is a place where you can go with a group of people and enjoy the food, a bottle of wine or vodka (its a cash only BYOB place) -- Their Thali Tuesdays is also a successful venture -- you need to call ahead of time on most Tuesdays.I was overseas recently and everywhere I went there was curry....it was to the point the airline was serving curry and chicken.  I was sick of curry and cringe at even a word that ryhmed wih curry..."(hurry, flurry...you get the picture....SO when I was asked to meet some friends on a whim I was hesitant to go but I didn't want to be the party pooper so I went.....  I was surprised!
 I read some of the other reviewrs hating on this place big time....  I don't know, maybe they ate a different restaraunt than I  did but the food was really really good, the service was good and I really didn't find the food that expensive.  For 5 of us with tip it was under $40 a person. ...and I was full 
I am not the biggest Indian food fan by any means but I can tell the dierence between the samosa's in the freezer at Trader Joes  and the samosas here.  I let the people I went with order everything and I would just eat what was in front of me with the exception of Lamb.  The shrimp was good, scallop dish was great...chicken was good.  I did see one review stating about bums walking by but hell.... part of the experience.  Kind of made you feel like you were really in a shanty town but you were the warlord eating the good stuff while the homeless guy was pissin in the street.
Give this place a shot.  Make sure you bring a bottle of Rum.  They will make you some concotion just like they do at Lolita across the street.I went to Bindi for restaurant week this year and fell in love. Loved it so much went back the next week with a different friend! The food is great--not typical Indian, which I also love--more fusion.Bindi is a welcomed addition to Center City's restaurant scene.  It mirrors sister restaurant Lolita in many ways -- cool decor, a twist on the BYO concept and great inventive food.  The food is not authentic Indian food -- and if you go expecting traditional Indian street food, you'll be disappointed.  If you go anticipating a fun take on typical Indian food, you will not be let down.Yum. 
We had spinach paratha, the chicken tikka, and the biryani rice cake entree. Everything was very flavorful without being overly oily. The paratha was delicious, but I wouldn't have wanted more than half a serving because it was rather salty. The chicken skewers were well-flavored and served with channa masala. The lentils that come with the biryani rice cake were amazing. They were rich and creamy with a strong coconut flavor. The rice cake itself was too heavy for me. Overall, I was very impressed with the food.
I strongly recommend ordering the fresh juices to mix with BYO liquor. We loved the mango juice with rum.Bindi was good. 
Highlights: the kebab appetizer and the chicken tikka (chicken = so juicy and tender), the fact that you don't have to wait 2 hours for a table (like it's ethnic brethren, Lolita... wait, is that a good thing?), and large portions. 
Why just the "good" ranking: need to turn on the lights, a little stuffy inside, the food was too spicy (thank goodness for the raita), and we got this fennel-ish bread substitute type of thing that was too salty.
In conclusion: What kind of Indian (albeit, themed) restaurant doesn't have Naan?Being Indian, I'm pretty picky with my Indian food. I also REALLY love Indian food. It's a big part of who I am and what I stand for (that's right - I stand for the spice of life!).  I have heard mixed reviews for Bindi ever since it opened a little while back.  They have in the past had a different menu, with different combinations of ingredients, possibly aimed at catering to a wider audience.  Their menu is interesting now, some traditional Indian foods, some not so traditional. It all sounds very tasty.  They recently started a promotion for Tuesdays - thali's for $20.  It's a LOT of food. It's pretty tasty.  The drink mixes are also good (bring rum - it is a byob).   I only give 3 stars b/c the food was a LITTLE too salty for my taste.  Also it seemed to lack the real Indian quality I was looking for.  Tasty though.Went there once for dinner. The place and the atmosphere was relaxing with a touch of India. The food was good and it turned out to be better than what i expected. Deff satisfied for it was my first experience trying indian food! :)Meh.  I rather eat at New Delhi for less than half the price.  The worst part is the disappointment!  I was so excited to try this place since I love BYOBs and some of my friends had raved.  But at the end of the day the food was disappointing.  I understand that these were dishes that were "inspired" by Indian cuisine but they just felt like poor renditions that were neither inspired nor authentic.  All of this would have been ok if it wasn't so incredibly overpriced.
Save yourself the money and try someplace else.Definitely not the best Indian food I've had, but hey not bad either. The pork chop vindaloo was way spicer than I expected. A good surprise though since I like food that's got a little kick in it. The pork could have been a little more tender and the chard more crisp. I had the warm cardamom cake as well. Only get this if you're a huge fan of ginger b/c that's all I could taste in the cake. There's barely any chocolate to this dessert. The restaurant is very small and the tables are only inches away from each other so be prepared to be intimately close to your neighbors.A definite fan of the Thali Tuesday concept! For $20 you get a plate full of little silver bowls filled with different kinds of food. The menu changes every week which is really neat because you get to try a lot of dishes and the dishes are somewhat influenced by the season. All of the dishes we tried were really quite fantastic but I would easily go back for a huge plate of the Malabar Swordfish Lettuce Wrap or a bowl of the Mint Raita with the Date-Pecan-Goat Cheese Paratha. Although the paratha was a little greasy (it's made with CHEESE people) the mint raita was awesome and a perfect complement to the heavier paratha.
Also worth mentioning is that the place is cash only and byo. There is a wine/liquor store a few doors down on Chestnut st. so I headed over and grabbed a bottle of cachasa just before dinner. The pitchers of mixers were $12 each but absolutely huge. My friend and I shared the nimbu-pani (pomegranate-blueberry ginger lemonade) and it was fantastic with little floating apple chunks. Kind of like a white sangria. The price is totally reasonable especially when you consider adding the byo alcohol and the fact that we didn't even finish our pitcher before leaving.
In short, the food was awesome, service was on point, the drinks were bangin' and dinner for two came to $56 before tax and tip. There is not a doubt in my mind that I will be back!Cash only, know that first. 
Awesome food  - we came back twice, once for dinner and back for dessert. The food is so wonderful you will be too full for dessert, but make plans to come back 
The rice pudding special dessert is worth an extra trip in.I went for a Thali Tuesday as suggested.  To start, my group brought some rum for the mixers which were wonderful.  Very refreshing!  We had 3 in our party so we shared each of the 3 main selections from the Thali selection.  Each was good although the seafood with coconut curry was a standout.  I thought each side dish (you get around 5-6) was good with one or two very good.  In the end, we left very full and satisfied.  I wouldn't saw it was one of my best meals but everything was very good and the atmosphere was fun.  I'd definitely go back for a Thali Tuesday but may be hard pressed to spend the money for a regular night out.Discovered Bindi from just walking down the sidewalk.  Almost didn't notice it.  Dark windows, non-descript exterior.  But the posted menu intrigued us.  We weren't disappointed.
The food is a nice fusion of american food flavoured with amazing indian spices.  The lamb and the glazed short ribs were unbelievable.  The chai crème brulée was perfect.  The service was very friendly.  
By far the best meal we had while in Phila.
Note: cash-only.  Who carries cash anymore???!!I ordered the pork chop vindaloo. The flavours were really good.
Definitely had the Indian flavours to it but a very nice contemporary preparation.
It is cash-only btw and seems a bit pricy but then again I only got my dinner to-go.I hear the name Bindi and I think to myself that this definitely going to be a cute place (fyi a bindi is that commonly seen forehead decoration in India and southeast Asia). 
And it doesn't disappoint. Aesthetically this is a great date spot , dimly light with modern appeal. Overall it has an inviting feel. 
Tip: The tables along the walls are your best bets for twos or fours as they are spaced out a little better so plan/request accordingly.I love me some Indian food, and I think part of what I love about it is the steamy little pots of goop; flavorful and uncomplicated, plop it on some naan and dig in.
Well, Bindi doesn't have naan, and that really threw me off. It's definitely a more modern take on Indian food. Still served in little pots, but much more refined than what I'm used to. And their tag line is "Flavors of India", so I don't think they're shy about being more Indian fusion-esque. Their flavors are interesting, and everything was plenty tasty, just not a go-to place if you're craving typical Indian. The one thing I really didn't like was the lentil bread, which tasted a bit like a thin latkah and was super greasy. I've also heard their drink mixes are great, so I'll have to try that next time.
I have to mention that our waiter was very good; eager to explain whatever we wanted, friendly and not too pushy.Indian being a favorite of mine, I was very excited when this place opened up and it did not disappoint.  Although I love traditional preparations, Bindi is much welcomed modern twist that has quickly become a favorite amongst my friends and I.  Service is quick and welcoming and the food is absolutely incredible.  The short rib melts in your mouth and the pork vindaloo alone is worth the visit.  I would also like the recipe for the warm cardamom cake please!  I dont know why people on here complain about the prices, good food is not cheap, and the prices here really arent that much.  Bring cash, a bottle of rum and a empty stomach and enjoy.First off- it's a byob & cash only!  Don't be like us & have to run out to get a bottle of wine & $100 out of the closest ATM between courses.  Also keep in mind there is a blatant "warning" on the menu- $18 minimum food order per person.  One of our party of 4 was concerned but another was like, look at the prices, how can you NOT spend that much per person? GOOD POINT! The food was generally good- it was incredibly hard not to dig through my dish & pick out all the homemade paneer. The rip-off samosa appetizer ($9 or so for only 2) was really just okay and the complimentary papadom was deadly spicy as in hardly touched. i was surprised at the lack of vegetarian options (1 veg, 1 vegan). definitely byo vodka, which mixes well with the pomegranate drink. you'll need it to get through the slow service. and don't bother with the other orange colored drink mixer, it tasted like a mix of pine-sol & christmas tree water. don't come without reservations with a big party, or a big coat either- i feel bad for those sitting behind me who probably had to keep pushing my jacket sleeves out of their face all night bc dang the place is PACKED. other interesting but bad notes: 1 single bathroom but you have to wait in the middle of the dining area for it, and the inability to carry on much of a conversation due to general loudness & the table of 3 next to us with 5 yes 5 empty bottles of wine who sat there THE ENTIRE 1.5 hours we were there.  all in all, there are too many restaurants in philly to go twice to something so blah. bindi was a one time shot for me, but they did have decent entrees.Ambiance:  It has a fun and chic vibe; it feels good to dine there.  The big drawback is that the tables are super tightly packed.  If you have a large purse or several bags with you, there won't be room for them.
Service:  Even though we had a reservation, we were seated 30 minutes late.  That normally wouldn't be a problem but it was freezing cold outside - there was no room to stand and wait by the hostess stand and there was barely any space inside the plastic covered vestibule that is outside the door.  Once we were seated we realized that there was a bunch of food and sauce on the floor underneath the table.  When we brought it to the attention of a waiter he was very quick to clean it up and apologize.  Our waitress was upbeat and attentive.
Food:  We went for the Thali Tuesday special.  The food was overall very tasty, some of the dishes were amazing (beets!) and some were just okay.  It was great to take advantage of the Thali Tuesday special and get to try a lot of flavors at a good price.  The one major drawback is that we mentioned to the waitress that one person in our group has a severe nut allergy to cashews (commonly used in Indian cuisine) and she double checked the menu and said she wrote this warning on our check.  Unfortunately, after we left the restaurant, he started to get serious stomach cramps indicative of a food allergy reaction.  I don't think any nuts were actually in the food, but there is a real concern about cross contamination of nuts with other food.  I would not recommend this restaurant for anyone with a nut allergy, even if it is not a listed ingredient - there will likely be traces in your food.
Overall:  I would come back again if it worked well with the occasion.  The atmosphere is fun but cramped.  The food is flavorful, but priced a little high for the portion size.  The service is good, but I will expect a wait (even with reservations).Had the indian short ribs, the pickled radishes and bbq sauce with a nice smack of red curry. Everything they brought out was amazing. The dipping sauce for the bread was addictive!Brought some friends and a few bottles of vino. This Indian Nouveau place is tiny but we had no trouble getting a table for 4 (it was on the 9ish side). We shared a bunch of plates including the vegetarian thali--a fun mixed plate of vegetarian goodness. I can't remember exactly what the salad was we had--maybe it was the beet salad?--but it had exotic flavors, like jicama and a particularly lovely salad dressing--that when I asked the waitress about, she talked to the chef and got me the recipe for it.*** I will definitely go again, and bring some vodka for the mango sharbat pitcher, which I envied on nearby tables. Service was great, and food was fun and innovative upscale-American-Indian. A bit pricey (I'm ranking it as $$$, but it was only just; if you eat a little less, it can be $$) but I was happy and full, and it's not your average Indian joint. PS--CASH ONLY!
*** Bindi salad ingredients: beets, mango, jicama, shallot vinaigrette, cilantro chutney, tamarind chutney, seasoned yogurt, herb mix: cilantro (1 part), mint (1/2 pt), scallion (1/2 pt). It's something to go on, but I also don't think they gave all their tricks away.I was sooo excited to go to Bindi.  I love Indian food, I love cooking Indian food, and the idea of nouvelle Indian cuisine that's also a BYOB sounded pretty amazing.  I'm by no means an expert on Indian food, I just enjoy it very much and I'm not fixated on authenticity.  In fact, I was hoping for something more original and I thought Bindi's concept and menu sounded great.  
Something about the execution of the food just didn't come together.  Everything was extremely greasy, and the portions were huge.  It was clear that real effort had gone into the dishes, but the result was sort of reminiscent of Cheesecake Factory.  
I love Indian food because it's a great way to prepare vegetables without just piling on fat and sugar.  While Bindi did pile on the rich oily sauces, they still didn't manage to make vegetables taste good.  The best things to get there are probably braised meat-stew things, and fried stuff...the stuff I get at an Indian stand at a food court in a train station, the things that can't be messed up.  
That being said, I will probably give Bindi another try when I get the chance, because I want it to be good, and I just love the idea of bringing booze to a restaurant to make cocktails.Decided last minute to head over to Bindi for dinner with 3 other friends, and had a great time.
The good:
- Turkey Keema Lettuce Wraps ($9): they were fresh, crispy and very tasty. Great appetizer!
- Potato Paratha Bread ($4): definitely order at least one of the breads to share when you're at Bindi. I love how they have almost a pancake consistency, and are full of flavor
- The Pomegranate/Ginger juice mix ($12): at $12 for the pitcher, and the accompanying vodka we brought, we were each able to have 2 delicious cocktails made as strong or weak as we'd like.  
The not-so-good:
- Seafood Goozoo ($23): my main course wasn't bad by any means, but I found it to be over-salted and lacking in shrimp and scallops. For $23 I expected a little more, and will make sure to order a different main dish next time I go.
Overall the meal was very enjoyable, and I definitely hope to be back again. Here's to keeping our fingers crossed that the liquor license takes a while to go into effect - one of the best things about Bindi is their BYO policy!Oh Bindi.  When we first met not so long ago, I fell in love and I wanted to traipse around Philly with a properly placed Bindi à-la-Gwen-Stefani-circa-mid-1990's and sing your praises.
So I returned with friends and enjoyed your family style- prix-fixe farmer's market menu.  I still liked your homemade pitchers of mango-cardamom and the pomegranate limonade mixers (at $12 a pop).  In both instances, there was enough food to feed a small army - and had enough to take home for a meal the next day.
But in my haze of love, I think I overlooked a few things that became a bit clearer at my last visit - last night.  Had I reviewed you the first time around, you would have received 4 solid stars if not 5 -  now you're getting 3 of out me and no more.
So they call this place a Modern Indian BYOB (it's right there on top of the menu).  It's definitely not authentic indian - but the menu is entirely based on indian flavors with a twist - and with true Indian side dishes (saag paneer, etc) and flat breads.
Service is a bit spotty and a bit absent - I don't know if they were short on waitstaff, but there were several times that I looked in vain for our server to open up a bottle of wine, or to order from the menu.  I don't remember the service being truly oustanding the last few times either - but I was always engrossed in the food.
Speaking of, I don't know if this is a permanent change... but they've changed the menu, people. They no longer refer the appetizers as street food. And they've replaced a lot of the older items (that are still shown on the website, like lamb three-ways - a dish that I really enjoyed once) - 
I tasted a lot of the food that night. The Chicken Tikka, the Short Rib, the Vegetable Byryani, the Pork dish (which I don't think they refer to it as Vindaloo anymore) - and mine the Prawn and Pumpkin curry. 
The food was a solid-3 - not as good as I had remembered my past visits - there is a good amount of spicey-ness - but not overwhelming -  The portions were still super generous - 
Lastly, we come to the cash-only  - and the pricey menu.. yes apps run the gamut of $7 -$10 and entrée $18 - 24 -  along with a pitcher and a dessert, dinner can be a bit costly -- and that can always snap you out of the love haze.
So if you're considering Bindi - skip the app, because you'll get a hefty main dish - or just split an app if you're hungry. Skip out on the pitcher if you must and bring a strong red vino to go with the dishes. And be ready to spend.  
And as far as the Lolita vs. Bindi debate - I think they're dead even - it's just different cuisines (but it comes out of same brainchild, yes? Chef Marci Tunney?) and comes with the same price tags as other comparable BYOs in the city.When anyone asks what my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia is, I always say Bindi.  I call it Gourmet Indian.  I love that it is BYOB and you can bring your own rum or vodka and make your own fruity mixers.  
Good standbys are the Chicken Tikka and the Sweet Goat Cheese paratha.  If the short ribs are on the menu, they are a must have as well.
It is cash only, so come prepared with cash in hand and your liquor or wine of choice in the other.  And you can also order takeout!  This place never disappoints!Tasty food was not very Indian, but tasty nonetheless.  Very tasty. Enjoy the cooking and forget about authenticity.  Same as with Lolita.
Service.  Was. Slow.  Extremely slow.  It took almost 15 minutes for server to show up after we were seated.  The starters arrived very quickly, which was nice, but the main took so long we were growing uncomfortable sitting there.  You start to notice things like how noisy the place is. How thirsty you are. How you could go to Capogiro and eat and then come back to get your main course. 
When they arrived, the mains were good.  Lots of food.   The mahi with pumpkin curry was delicious, although it needed a little more heat (spice heat).  We didn't have much room left to eat dessert but we crammed some down anyway.  It was good, too, although the size was kind of overwhelming.  Smaller would be better.
I would give Bindi 4 stars, but for the slowness.  And, to be honest, the cash only policy is a pain in the butt.  It says:  we want you to do things our way.  Why not just charge us all 1.8% more for each plate served?Bindi has managed to become one of our go-to spots, especially when we're craving something spicy and flavorful (and admittedly, when we've saved a little $). It's not to say that everything on the menu is delicious or worth the big bucks, but some of the dishes are really, really good. I always get the Vegetarian Thali- a huge platter of about 7 little dishes that all complement one another with their textures and different levels of spiciness. My favorites of the platter are the creamy spinach paneer, the nutty, toasty, and slightly sweet rice pulao, the warming chana masala, and the potato paratha. The cauliflower is always a little too spicy for me no matter how much yogurt and chutney I put on it, so my boyfriend usually eats it. And my bf always gets the braised short rib with fingerling potatoes. It's fork-tender and has just a sweet, almost smoky, flavor that both of us agree we couldn't really improve upon. As for breads, we always order the sweet paratha with goat cheese yogurt and honey. There's never any discussion on whether we're getting this or not. We always talk about how we should just order extras of those to have for breakfast the next morning. The little cumin seeds in the paratha give just a little more texture and add a savoriness to an otherwise sweet and tangy bread. We always take a little food home because the portions are large, and the leftovers are just as delicious the next day.
Two things we haven't liked: the samosas- too small, too few, and not quite as flaky, tender, or flavorful as we hoped, the lentil bread- sort of meh, and the desserts we've had have been mediocre at best. We also wish they would offer some more dishes that take advantage of the seasons. The fruit juice mixers do always seem exciting, and lots of tables get them, but we haven't been able to justify the price yet- we just always bring a bottle of wine.
The tables are a little close together with only shimmying space between them, so it's probably not the best place for an intimate date. Other perks of the place though: great location on a bustling Philly street and a friendly waitstaff.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly right now. They have a delicious vegetarian sampler which is a ton of food and I absolutely love the caedamom cake. I have been here several times and the service and food are consistent. I did not think I liked Indian food until I tried this place... absolutely amazing!Modern Indian BYO under the benevolent dominion of Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran. Don't come here expecting authentic Indian, because you will be disappointed if you do. Instead, just embrace the "flavors of India" and don't think too much about authenticity.  
Thali Tuesdays! Every Tuesday, Bindi offers a $20 prix fixe meal called a Thali which, Bindi informs us, is a complete meal that offers a sampling of small Indian dishes. You have the choice of your entree among a meat, a fish, or a vegetarian option. It comes with a paratha, raita, chutney, dal, a vegetable dish, a pickle dish, rice, and a salad chaat -- all of which change weekly -- on a giant wooden plate. 
When we went, I got the tapioca-crusted arctic char, which was yums. Most side dishes were not memorable, but I did very much enjoy the beet chaat and the punjabi-style cabbage that accompanied my fish. I know others ordered the malabar spiced skirt steak, which was also a palette-pleaser. 
We also tried the Warm Cardamom Cake for dessert. The cake itself was wonderful (you can't really go wrong with cardamom, ever), but it came with a very aggressively flavored 'Indian spiced chocolate pot de creme' and salted sugar glass that attacked my tastebuds-- I don't really know if that's what they were going for but I would not order it again.
All in all, though, it was a nice meal, especially for the special Thali price. Bindi takes reservations by phone, so that makes it more convenient.Oh My! EVERYTHING I ate here was absolutely delicious. I purposely did not read any reviews before coming here because I had never eaten Indian food and wanted to come here open minded. First of all, the sweet goat cheese paratha, I can't stop thinking about it. I ate some before my meal, with my meal, and finished it for desert. I forget what it was called but it was like a duck pastry appetizer, it was incredible. We had four of the appetizers on the menu, and every one was out of this world. My boyfriend and I split the lamb shank entree and the short rib entree. Both meats were fall off the bone tender and the sauces had SO much flavor. I can not wait to come back here. AND.. Its BYOB, so drinks dont rack up the check, but I wouldn't even want drink here because the food had so much flavor I wouldn't want to drown it out, go out for drinks afterWent here with my boyfriend one night when the wait at its sister restaurant, Lolita, was too long.  We were extremely pleased with the food, the ambiance, and the service - the menu was clearly very carefully thought out.  Granted, it's fusion food, so you can't come here expecting all the usual Indian dishes, but they still have samosas (my favorite) and they also took some popular Indian street foods and made them gourmet - and damn were they good.  My boyfriend is actually Indian so he's always pretty critical of "Indian" food in the U.S., but he loved it, as well.  He was so excited to try their take on the street food he knew and loved from back home.  Plus we were able to get a table even while Lolita's across the street had a 45 minute wait...Decided on Bindi for an impromptu dinner with friends on Friday night. Great choice!! Everything was great. The apps (turkey wraps and the potato bread) was a delicious starter. For my entree I ordered the chicken tikka which was definitely a solid basic entree choice - highly recommended. The highlight of the meal was the pomegranate ginger mixer - a great accompaniment to the meal. Overall, you should definitely give it a try!!if i could give 1/2 a star, i would. for a cold night, a spicy indian food was something i was hankering. bindi is a fairly new place and my friends and i were up to trying it. you know the cliche, don't judge a book by its cover? well, here don't judge the food and service based on trendy west elm-esque furniture and lights!
my friends and i were seated. we knew dinner was gonna start off badly, when the waitress asked us if we wanted a "mango lasso" instead of mango lassi. shouldn't the staff know the menu and more importantly how to pronounce the cuisine? my best friend is from india and she was disappointed on how the staff continued to mispronounce the foods and the appetizers were labeled on the menu as "street snacks." a bit negative. 
when we almost done eating, our waitress informed us that at dinner there is a minimum of $18 per person, we were like $20 short and that she would bring us dessert menus and we would need to order about $20 worth of desserts, huh?! wha?! we had already spent over $70 for appetizers, an entree, and drinks. we were told this policy was on the menu. also, it is cash only here. we asked to see the manager because we believe that this policy should be verbalized by the staff upon seating. the manager told us it is a saturday night and we should know better not to order dinner! hello, did she not see our bill already over $70?!
the samosas were overpriced and average and you only get 2, yup 2 lonely samosas. my lychee drink was ok, but i know this was prolly from a can or bottle. i didn't even finish my drink when the waitress swooped in and took it. the spinach roti was only enough for one person. our entree of gosht was good, but not worth the experience.
this place ruined my appetite for dessert. which is hard to do. i left for a cold walk home, thinking of a new country song on my fiddle to sum up my eating experience, "a lone tear in my warm mimosa as i cried over my overpriced samosa."Bindi, like Lolita is sort of modern, fusion version of Indian food.  I love almost all of the dishes and Bindi is generally a lot less packed than Lolita.  Again this is a BYOB so you definitely bring a good bottle of wine or some rum and they will mix you up some really nice mixed drinks (for a price of course).  I would personally choose Lolita or Barbuzzo of their other 2 places on that block, but they are all so good that it is hard to go wrong with any of them!This place is great. I'm totally into it. I would go here on a romantic date or with friends and family. I think anyone would like it here. The atmosphere is cool and the food is great. The only thing that I will say is that I predict it will always be perceived as expensive because the bar for Indian restaurents in this area is set so low, that most of them are dirt cheap and this place is not. I don't think it's overpriced because I personally think it's worth every penny. But I could see people comparing it to other Indian places in the city and complaining that the bill is twice as much. Oh well. It's higher end I think. Center city. Try it out. I have been several times. I always look for the spiciest things on the menu because that's what I'm into. Oh and also every one is super nice. You can tell they stress friendliness and it's a nice treat.The food here is delicious, fresh, and innovative; it's not traditional Indian fare by any means, but rather more "inspired" by the spices and flavors commonly found in the cuisine. Being a BYO, we brought our own bottle of red which went very well with our meal.
The complimentary starting pappadum with tamarind sauce was strangely addictive. I've had pappadum at other places but the ones here were fried to a perfect airy crisp and were very aromatic and flavorful. We just couldn't stop and ended up begging our waitress to take them away so we could have room for...
The appetizer! We started with the Sindhi Eggplant, which was phenomenal. The semolina polenta cake was crispy on the outside, creamy and buttery with the perfect amount of chew on the inside. The eggplant sauce was flavorful and went very well with the whole baby eggplants and mushrooms. Then there was...
The entrees! We got the Pork Vindaloo and the Grilled Mahi. Both meats were tender and cooked perfectly. What I liked most was that each entree came with a generous serving of side items incorporated into the dish itself. The pork dish was served atop a bed of sauteed kale, potatoes, and a spicy red curry. The mahi came with lentils and sweet potatoes. The pork dish was apparently supposed to be the spiciest dish in the restaurant,  however, it was fairly mild compared to Indian food at other places. Again, while lacking the true spicy kicks of more traditional Indian dishes, the dishes were still flavorful and rich. Speaking of delicious, I can't not mention...
The sweet goat cheese paratha which came with a side of slightly sweetened cardamom yogurt for dipping. The bread was flaky, creamy, with a slight tang from the goat cheese and a syrupy sweetness from the honey. This would have made for an amazing dessert but we ate it happily alongside our meal.
After everything, we were stuffed! All in all, it was a great experience. The restaurant is dark and small, but nicely decorated and romantic. I found their cash only policy to be slightly strange for an upscale restaurant but apparently it's quite normal in Philly.Terrific food and loved the mixers (we used vodka; all good!)
A little pricey, but we thoroughly enjoyed the eveningI was very disappointed with Bindi. It came highly recommended from a friend, but just did not live up to expectations. I came here on a date and we were rushed from the moment we came in. We brought our own tequila, and the waitress seemed annoyed we wanted to order a pitcher if mixers (which was delicious actually.) The food was just ok. I am a vegetarian and am used to Indian food being a great option for me, but my food was a combination of dishes one plate and none of them were memorable. My fiance' had a meat dish and said his was decent but not for the price. After we finished our meal, without being offered desert, and without being allowed to finish our drinks we were asked to leave because someone had reserved our table. I find it very unprofessional to give away a reserved table and then rush out the people you gave it to. They should have told us they had people with reservations coming in (and a table for two isn't like we were taking up all of their space) and we would have waited for a table. 
good- byob, mixers
bad- service, foodMmm. Thali Tuesdays. What a fantastic idea! My stomach and wallet are both happy campers.
So here's the deal: Pick one of three options - meat, seafood, or vegetarian (the night I was there: lamb, shrimp, or mushrooms). With it you get 7 small portions of Indian dishes. Everything was fantastic, but here are some highlights:
- The lamb skewer was smaller than I thought it would be, but there was plenty of food on my plate to keep me full
- Gobi-matar was absolutely delicious. (cauliflower-green pea, bhaji, curry leaf, chili-lime butter) I can't pretend to love cauliflower, but this really was good!
- I wish it came more of the zucchini masala paratha. I felt like I didn't get to really eat all the chana-fava dal or mint raita because i felt silly scooping it up alone on my fork
- the basmati lime rice really hit the spot. yum.
Note: the offerings change each Tuesday (I think) so expect some different variation of the above
All in all, definitely worth the $20. I will most certainly be back. 
Bindi is a BYO, so come with some rum to add to their delicious drinks! The Mango Sharbat was really refreshing and tasty.
Also, don't forget, this is a cash only restaurant!I don't consider myself an expert on any cuisine, but if there's one thing I know is Indian food, having spent many many sweaty hot months in the motherland, plus its the one thing my mom knows how to cook- go figure :) So needless to say I had way too many expectations for this place. In all fairness maybe I'm not the best judge- I'm biased off the bat. I'll say this though I was super excited to give this place a try...so starting with the ambiance- it was quaint and dark- like super dark. I think the outdoor street lights were providing most of the lighting...super romantic- awesome for a date, not so awesome when you're grabbing food with your friends...
We started with the samosa- always my favorite. Bindi bills itself as Indian fusion but ummm no not really. The samosa tasted like your typical samosa (read- yummy!!!!!) and the chutneys accompanying it tasted like traditional chutneys. The only thing fushion about it was the way it was plated (in a much more modern way)..Accompanying our samosa were some yummy mango lassis. Our bad for forgetting the booze, but the drinks were good nonetheless. 
This is where the meal went downhill. For main courses we split the rogan josh and the vegetarian thali (basically vegetarian plate with channa masala (garbanzo beans), eggplant, raita, and parathas (bread). The raita was the only thing on the plate that tasted like Indian food and the rest was some random interpretation of Indian food (once again not fushion). The flavors were totally lacking, which is often not a complaint with Indian food. 
The rogan josh (lamb curry) was beyond disappointing. They basically served us a ginormous bone with some meat on it. My dogs would have died had they seen this bone. It was totally weird and the meat on it was sparse at best. The flavors were also totally not what I would expect with rogan josh, but also not any sort of "fushion flavor". Now I was beyond confused and still hungry...I guess the only plus side was that since I ate so little of the meal I didn't walk away with ulcer inducing heartburn...Came here for a group dinner on a Tues night.We had made reservations and our table was all ready to go.
We were a group of 5 and so had a healthy serving of many items on the menu - chicken tikka, lamb, mussels, steak. everything was so so tasty and the portions were huge (which somewhat justifies the higher price)
also had the lobster appetizer, lettuce cups, and samosa. the entrees were tastier though.
the real winners are the mixed drinks and the breads. we tried both the mango and pomegranate, both equally good. the breads are on the smaller side but very delectable (try to spinach or goat cheese)
probably too expensive to come here on a regular basis but it's a great place for group dinners since you can share all the foods.We didn't know that it was Restaurant Week when we decided to try Bindi. I'm not sure how different the experience would have been on a normal night. I'll start by saying the service was attentive and capable of answering questions. The interior was dark and romantic, and they gave us a table beside the floor-to-ceiling windowed front of the restaurant which was nice until about halfway through the meal when a seemingly mentally ill homeless person decided to hang out on the other side of it, watching us eat and making hand signals indicating that she would like us to come outside and give her food/money/whatever. It's not really the restaurant's fault, but it was certainly awkward and made me reconsider how I felt about spending the amount of money we did on the food.
Now on to the food: my first course was the parsnip samosas. Now, truth be told, I'm never that impressed by samosas in the first place, but I LOVE parsnips so I was very intrigued. Unfortunately, they didn't really taste much like parsnips. Or anything, really, other than fried dough. 
Second course was a vegetarian dal which I must say was delicious. I don't really remember what was in it, but it had a complex flavor and I definitely used the naan to wipe up every last bit of it. 
For desert I ordered the cardamom cake. When I ordered it I though "cake" was more of a descriptive term for the shape of its ingredients, but in fact it was a slice of cake, much like one might find at a birthday party, piled with garnishes and and a dollop of something sort of between icing and creme. It was dense and crumbly, and the cardamom was at the forefront of the flavor but in no way overpowering. I only ate half of it, but it was very good.
Overall, the meal was good. So why am I giving them three stars? Because for the amount of money that was spent, I could have eaten fantastic indian food from a number of other places in the city four times over. We're talking about the cuisine of a place containing the largest concentration of poverty in the world. The ingredients involved are not by any means expensive.  This food just shouldn't ever cost this much, and I doubt I'll ever go back as a result.This is Indian food that doesn't make you feel obese after eating it.  Awesome date restaurant and man do I love BYOB.   The lentil bread was awesome, as were the brussels sprouts.  The pomegranate lemonade was really good, but might be more appropriate in the summer.Sorry to say, but this was not a great dining experience for our group of five.  The dining room was intimate and we were able to get in without a reservation.  Several parties after us were put on a waiting list.  The space was sparse and dark, making it difficult for some in our party to read the menu.
The menu wasn't very deep, with no alcoholic beverages, available, but they do allow you to bring  your own.  The menu was friendly for vegetarians and the choices were of varying spice levels.  
When our food arrived, we found that no matter how well it was described on the menu, that the food was disappointing.  The rice was overly dry and the entree bland.  My dinner partners had similar comments about their entrees, with our expectations unmet.  
Because we had 5 people in our party, a 20% gratuity was included in our check. Bindi only accepts cash, so come prepared.  This is definitely not a friendly practice for business diners, as it is difficult to pick up the check for the meal, and it is hard to split the bill to get each person to submit their own meal on their expense reports, with only one receipt.Some of the best food I have ever eaten!  We are sorry to see you go, you guys did an amazing fusion of indian and french flavors.Great food, terrible prices.  I wish I had known to save up before coming here because then I could have really experienced the menu.  My major problem is that Appetizers can range up over $10 and that Entries are high, $18 and up.  Having had some of the 'simpler' fare I believe this place would have made a better Indian Tapas sort of place.  The clincher for the evening was, when the bill came, they do not take credit cards.  You CANNOT have a menu with $25 entries and be cash only, nobody I knows carries a hundred bucks around in their wallet in the city.  Hello, mugging?  All in all I probably won't be back unless I hear about some serious changes to the menu.I love the flavors of Indian food, but I tend not to eat it often because it's so hard to find healthy options. Most of the Indian buffets in UCity are full of fried samosas, tons of rice, and lots of other deliciousness that I try to keep to a minimum. My favorite thing about Bindi was that I could enjoy all of the flavors I love from Indian food, but I didn't leave feeling like I had eaten a stick of butter while swimming through a pool of oil. 
All of the food was flavorful and innovative. The pappadam that they bring to your table while you wait for your food is seriously like crack. I cannot even begin to tell you what was in the sauce served with them, but I want to put it in a hip flask and take shots of it. Mmm. I started out with the beet and radish chaat. I am not sure I like beets or radishes, and I had no idea what many of the ingredients were (I still have no idea what a sprouted moong is), but it was great. It was a good-sized, hearty and bright salad. The yogurt melded very well with the beets and other vegetables. I still don't know if I officially like beets or radishes but I DO like this chaat. For an entree I had the pork vindaloo. I loved the flavors (especially the chutney) but it was SPICY - I had to order a side of raita before I could eat the pork! The raita, BTW, was so thick and creamy. I wish there was a small side dish (or 2 or 3 ...) that paired well with it, it makes such a great snack. I will definitely be returning to try more of the menu!I read the reviews on yelp, and did not have high expectations for this place.  After my experience, I just do not think I will return.  
Atmosphere- small restaurant, decor is nice
Service- average; long wait
Food-Went with a group of friends, and everyone got different dishes:
-for starters they gave papadum and chutney-decent
-I had the Pork Loin Vindaloo- ok so if all the dishes at this restaurant tasted like this i would give it more stars.  this dish was very very good.  the meat was tender and juicy.  the combination of flavors w/ the mushroom pickle, mango-date chutney, and cauliflower puree all went well together w/ the pork.  if you are going to come here this is the one dish i would get...
-Ok so while I liked the above, the other dishes I tried just were not good, and these are the chicken tikka masala (the flavors just were not good, and i feel chicken tikka masala should not taste like this, i know this is a fusion restaurant but chickpeas??) ;  rack of lamb and short ribs- did not care for it at all.
-The vegetable side I tried was Okra--- terrible! it was not the right consistency, and lacked any sort of seasoning
-Dessert: Cardamom Cake- delicious! (honestly this was good!!)
While I enjoyed the pork vindaloo and the cardamom cake, I just don't think I will return for those two dishes.  The other dishes I tasted were not good, and so I feel the restaurant is not consistent overall w/ the quality of the food.  I feel it is overpriced for the quality of food you get, in combination w/ the atmosphere and service.  While i understand they are a fusion/modern indian restaurant, I feel that they just didn't get it right.  I have tried much better indian restaurants of this type elsewhere.My girlfriend and I came here for Restaurant Week.
Started with the Nimbu-Pani and added a splash or two of the rum we brought. $12 is a bit steep for a pitcher of something with no booze in it, methinks... but good nonetheless.
For the appetizer course, my girlfriend and I shared the samosas and the pumpkin chaat. I LOVE CHAAT and I LOVE SAMOSAS so I was happy with these 2 dishes, particularly the chaat because of its interesting mix of flavors and tidbits. Seemed more beet than pumpkin, but as a fan of beets I was rather happy with this surprise.
We shared the vegetarian version of the almond chicken curry (they sub really fantastic paneer for chicken) and the dal and wild rice dishes for our entrees. Perfectly portioned and again, full of interesting tidbits of flavor.
For dessert, we (again) shared both dessert dishes. By then we were stuffed and couldn't finish either, but I loved the cinnamon puri used as a garnish on both desserts and although I am not a cake lover, I thought the coconut cake was delicious! 
Service was OK considering how busy the restaurant was- I assume it's much more attentive when it's less busy and crowded. My two specific complaints are that we had to wait about 10 minutes for them to notice we were done with our entrees and another 10-15 minutes were spent waiting for dessert.... AND we never got our pappadums everybody on here seems to be raving about. Maybe I'll get better service next time I go- the food more than made up for it.
If you're looking for "traditional" Indian, Tiffin or New Delhi would be more your speed.***3.5 Stars***
The food was definitely decent at Bindi - but there are far better BYO restaurants in the area, including their sister restaurant, Lolita.  We brought our own tequila, and tried the mango-lime-cardamom mixer.  It was sweet and very mixable, but the cardamom was undetectable.
Our party wasn't too hungry so we went straight for the entrees.  That was a good idea because while the food is somewhat expensive, the portion sizes are quite huge!  I don't think any of the five of us was able to finish our plate.  I ordered the vegetarian sampler, which had an abundance of different delectables to try.  Favorites were the saag paneer, the flavored rice and the naan which was stuffed with potatoes.  The raita needed a little more kick, and the tamarind chutney needed a little less kick.  It tasted like they put in way too much tamari paste, which isn't a good thing!
The other thing I didn't particularly like about this place was how dark it was in the restaurant.  I realized the next day that I really couldn't see my food that well.  I realize some restaurants are all about the ambiance, but who wants to spill on their nice clothes due to blindness!
We got the authentic Philadelphia opportunity of seeing a fist fight outside the window, which included cops and went on for far too long.
I agree with other reviewers that it is strange to be cash only when it is not a cheap hole-in-the-wall.  I think that just makes your patrons order less than they would have.
There are too many good restaurants in Philadelphia for me to warrant going here again.4 stars PLUS
Judging from some of the other reviews,some people don't understand that beautiful locally grown produce, and other high quality ingredients cost more and are really worth the few extra bucks. The artful sophisticated combination of flavors, and the thoughtfully balanced menu are nothing like what you find at more casual Indian restaurants. I like those places a lot too, but Bindi's food is much more complex, fresh, and interesting. 
That being said,  when we went some dishes were better than others. I could eat the beet salad every day, the short ribs are awesome, and the amazing pork vindaloo is the best entree we had. Get the saag paneer side, and the lentil bread which is much better than the other kinds. 
I will definitely look forward to dining here again and will recommend it to others.The food was delicious, service was great, and there are ATM machines all over the place so just go get a little cash and have a lovely meal.this place is really good but not authentic. i'm just gonna throw that out there right now. if you are looking for your proper curries and naans, this is NOT the place to go. that being said, the food i had was quite delicious. it's more like "modern" indian or "indian fusion." something along those lines. my shrimp dish was excellent and the halibut dish i tasted from my friends was also quite good. it's very pricey and the decor is not that exciting which is why i'm knocking it down a star. it's worth checking out if you want to get a twist on indian cuisine and don't mind fronting some cash for it.A Celiac's dream! The majority of the menu is gluten-free and every server that I've had here has been incredibly aware of celiac dietary restrictions.
But, to label this as "good for gluten-free" is simply wrong! I love Indian food, and Bindi does a wonderful light and modern twist on the genre. The space is small but the light, fresh and modern decor, perfectly at home on Bindi's sleek stretch of 13th street, makes the space feel open.
While there are lots of great vegetarian and gluten-free options, I am addicted to and habitually return to the vegetarian Thali where they happily substitute the gluten-free lentil bread for the potato paratha.
While definitely not a budget restaurant, the food is more than reasonably priced for the quality and being BYO keeps the tab fairly low for an amazing dining experience (where at least with the Thali, you can easily have lunch for the next day). This is definitely a top contender for my favorite restaurant in Philly.If you like Indian Food, you should go to an Indian Restaurant. At best this is Indian inspired food. I had a lamb dish which was tasty, my partner had the Vegetarian Thali, which includes a lot of Indian Classics, but it wasn't very good. The most watery Saag Paneer I've ever had. The fact that they don't have Naan bread is a serious problem. But what makes it worse is that the bread they do have is horrible. Also it's a tiny restaurant and it's packed to the gills.  don't expect any elbow room or private conversations.A recent favorite of mine due to its unique, high quality food, good service and sleek, intimate atmosphere.
Its modern Indian/fusion cuisine probably doesn't get points for authenticity but its been consistently delicious and mixes flavors in unexpected ways.
Pricing is appropriate.  Service is friendly, attentive, and patient (a friend and I once stayed well beyond closing time in order to finish our bottle of wine).  It's a BYOB and cash only, so come prepared.Sorry, but Bindi is NOT GREAT, especially for the high prices they charge. I get wayyyyy better Indian food in West Philly at New Delhi on 40th and Chestnut, and in an environment that is festive but I can actually HEAR the people with whom I am dining. Bindi's Vegetarian plate with palak paneer was good but samosas were small and bland. Too many tables crowded together caused waiters to bump into me more than once while they were serving others. And all glass and metal surfaces made for very noisy acoustics.A modern-American twist on Indian food.  Every dish and every nan is downright delicious.  Bring a bottle of rum, tequila or vodka to mix with their fresh-fruit mixers and your group will have a great night.5 Stars are only for FOOD. Service is RUDE 
We went in to dinner at bindi after all the good things I heard about it from my co-workers. We were given  attitude at the door by the host and then seated at a corner table even though most of the restaurant was empty. The server asked us for drinks and food without even a hello. The tuna appetizer was wonderful and no one checked with us and someone just cleared our plates. Our entrees were wonderful but the arrogant attitude of the staff ruined our experience. We love Indian food and bindi does a wonderful job with the food but only if they hire staff that welcomes their customers and not judge them.Had the Prix Fixe which was very good! Lots of choice for the menu and the mixer juice pitchers were excellent as well.
The food wasn't completely authentic so I guess it's more fusion (what isn't now-a-days). The mixers were  great so bring some liquor!
Had a great time - definitely recommend.