It's fairly ordinary North Indian Punjabi cuisine not so much Hyderabad influence but I give it lower stars bc it is pricey but they are skimpy on some ingredients. So 12.95 for shrimp tikka and there were only 4 shrimp in there. It makes you mad to pay that much for 4 shrimp. That's all.My husband and I just finished eating dinner at Briyani bowl and it was wonderful.  The owner Perry was very welcoming, warm and friendly.  We had the samosa bowl, which was delicious.  Chakka masala was the best I've ever had and the vegetable Briyani was perfect.  I had an amazing shrimp appetizer, which I'll be enjoying tomorrow for lunch. I loved the authenticity and Perry was very helpful in describing how the dishes were prepared.  After eating at Tiffins for years, I'm happy that we stumbled across this little gem.  We'll definitely be back and often.A delightful lunch...the owner was extremely kind, and the service was terrific. The shrimp Tikka Masala and garlic naan were marvelous. I'm so glad we have this restaurant in the neighborhood.This evening I had a biryani craving, did a search for Indian food, and came upon this amazing restaurant. What I can say is this: AWESOME. If you are a fan of South Asian food this is a must go to place in the Philadelphia area.  Delicious!Stopped into Biryani Bowl with my Mother for a late lunch yesterday (5 Jan 2015). We live in Chestnut Hill and walk around this area; we've been waiting for Biryani Bowl to open. Our preferred Indian restaurant is down University City and we can't always travel to West Philadelphia to get our fix. 
We definitely were not disappointed with our experience at Biryani Bowl. The host/server (Perry) was genuinely nice and made suggestions that were greatly appreciated. 
We dined on the samosa chat, chicken tikka masala, goat curry, garlic naan, malabar parata, and mango lassis. The samosa chat was a recommendation of Perry and was a great dish. If you love samosas, you will love the samosa chat. 
One thing that I do love is that you can change the spice level on your dish if you prefer your dish to be mild as opposed to spicy. 
We will definitely be visiting Biryani Bowl again.We ate lunch here this weekend.  It was delicious!  We ordered the sweet/salty lassi, garlic naan, palak paneer, and two other vegetarian dishes.  Everything was excellent and very fresh.  A great discovery and we will definitely be back!I've eaten at 3 different indian restaurants in the area, and this one is definitely the best. Their curries are smacking with flavor, whereas in comparison chatkharay takes a more watered down approach, even if their ingredients are just as nice. I feel like name "Biryani Bowl" doesn't do justice to this place, it's sounds sort of fast-foodish but this is definitely the opposite- one of a kind cuisine with bright varying flavors that linger in your mouth all afternoon and linger in your memory until you have to go again! Really represents true indian food and how out of this world it can be =)Perry and his team at Biryani Bowl are amazing chefs of excellent Indian cuisine. We had a party of 11 there recently and each of our friends raved about their delicious dishes.  Our friends also loved the ambiance and warmth of the setting, as well as the kind, attentiveness, and care of everyone who works there. We often order out or eat there and it's always excellent quality and deliciousness. Highly recommend the Tofu or Paneer Tikka Masala, Saag Paneer, Vegetable Biryani, or just about anything, as we've tried many.  The naan and vegetable samosa are great appetizers.  This is a fantastic Indian restaurant reasonably priced and leaves you craving for more.Yes! This is the spot! I was skeptical based on all the reviews of people doing take out, but I ate in and had an amazing experience. We ordered an assortment of dishes including a lamb dish and a goat biryani. Everything was cooked to order and the service was very welcoming. This is my new spot. Give it a try you will not be disappointed.My number 1 place for take out. I get the shrimp biryani or veggie biryani most of the time. The workers are super nice, personable and always strike up a great conversation. Seem to just be happy to be there and happy to have people enjoy their food. Its the best indian food i've had outside of the city and worth a trip to chestnut hill if youre close!Most amazing Indian food ever. We dine here or take out regularly. Great service, clean and the vindaloo is spicy!! We love everything about this place.I really have nothing bad to say about this place. I've ordered take-out twice and dined in once with a friend; and on both occasions the food was awesome. So far, I've tried the naan, vegetable samosas, chicken korma, and tandoori chicken. This is my go-to place for Indian cuisine close to home.You're in for a real treat! The food is made to order & far exceeded our expectations for Indian food in suburbanville. Had the Chicken Tikka Marsala...sauce had a wonderful depth of flavor and the raita was fresh, pungent and took notch. Tried the vegetable bryanni  & it didn't disappoint.
The restaurant was immaculate & nicely appointed for s storefront but would skip the large plasma screen TV in favor of authentic music & pix of beautiful India.This is my reliable goto Indian take out spot in the area. The food has been consistently good, the prices are very fair, and portions are nice.
Much of my time is spent either in center city Philly, or NY, and I can safely say this food is on-par with my normal spots. 
It is definitely somewhere I'd recommend to anyone after good Indian take out!I am totally addicted to this place!   I have also gotten my daughter addicted!!  The food is some of the best around. From the Somosa chat to the chicken tiki masala and chicken durma, it rocks.  They will make it to order to control the heat.  I love it hot and they always comply.  The best thing about this place is that the people are genuine and fun to know. A must if you love Indian.What a great place!  We ordered takeout online to be picked up at 7pm.  We arrived at 6:55 and our food was ready to go.  It was still piping hot when we got home 25 minutes later and simply delicious.  
We had the vegetable biryani and two oreders of samosas.  The vegetable biryani had fresh cut veggies, not the frozen kind you get at some places, and they were bursting with flavor.  The rice was spicy and flavorful and the portions were huge.  The samosas were flaky and the filling was just right, not too dry or mushy.  
This is authentic Indian food done right!  We cant wait to go back.We were really excited to try this place because it was close to home. It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't as good as Nirvana on Germantown. We probably won't be going back to Biryani Bowl.Best Indian in the area. Flavors are more intense, varied, and rounded. Eggplant is actually whole baby eggplants. DeliciousChicken biryani was good, Shrimp biryani was ok. But the curry that came with both the biryani's was stale and had gone bad, when I mentioned it to the owner, he was not concerned at all, did not even apologize. I did not tip him as I unhappy with rotten curry and he asked me "no tip"?
Do not even go for the Hyderabadi Irani Chai, it's not even close to its name. One star is for chicken biryani. Will not go back again.The food is good, and I had enough for leftovers for lunch the next day. I'm not expert on Indian food, but my wife and I really enjoyed the takeout we had. That said, they do seem a little expensive (again, not sure what standard pricing is for Indian food), and our butter naan, veggie samosas (2) and butter chicken entree (just butter chicken with rice) came out to like $21.Started with the Somosa chat, which was good.  It is smashed up somosas with all the condiments already mixed in.  Then I had the eggplant which was very boring.  It was just eggplant skins in a bland sauce.  The palak paneer was very bland also.  The plain and fruit naan were tasty.We searched Yelp and arrived the place realizing we are the only customers at this Saturday lunch. We ordered our dishes according to our preference, the food were really good and authentic (compared to those we had during our tourist trip to India 4 years ago). We enjoyed the food the dedicated service!I could not wait for Biryani Bowl to open, as I love Indian food.  What a disappointment.  We had garlic naan that had very little garlic and the worst chicken tikka masala that I have ever had.  There was no layering to the taste or depth of flavor - it was mainly cream with very little spices (and I don't just mean heat).  Hence, the color was yellowish-orange rather than orangish-red.  I always clean my plate, even when I do not like something.  This is the first meal that I can remember having in a very long time, where I could only take a few bites.  I want to try it again, but am afraid to.I picked up chicken biryani here (boneless) for takeout. It was a huge portion of food - it fed both my wife and I for lunch. It was also excellent with a nice amount of spice to it. Looking forward to going back and trying more of the menu - maybe even today.I'll keep this short. I'm from Hyderabad, india which is known for the best Biryani in the world. I just 
had the chicken biryani here and this tastes like home. I feel nostalgic .. it is by far the best biryani I have eaten in the US
After 6 months of trying biryani at multiple other places here in the US, I still feel this is the best biryani so far
However, little expensive compared to other placesI was there yesterday with my wife. We ordered chicken kabab, Chana masala , chicken tikka masala . It was delicious and tasty. Family environment and excellent service. Life is good with good food, Bollywood music and nice, beautiful wife. You should try  this place to get real Indian cuisineI'll keep this short. I'm from Hyderabad, india which is the known for the best Biryani in the world. I just 
had the chicken biryani here and this tastes like home. Im feeling nostalgic .. it is by far the best biryani I have eaten in the USExcellent food and very friendly staff (it is a family business so the atmosphere reflects it, very personable). I am a big fan of Indian cuisine, but very picky. I have to say that the food far exceeded my expectations (I had lamb saagwala and garlic naan). I gave it 4 stars out of 5 just because it was chilly inside and we came from the cold hoping to warm up. However, the spicy food did it for us. Will definitely return!This was our first time giving Indian takeout a try in the area. I may have ordered with my stomach because I didn't eat all day. We went with an order of chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, the garlic chicken appetizer, and a chef's biryani.
     Price was pretty reasonable. The garlic chicken appetizer was great! Since we did takeout, it probably would be a little crispier when dining in, but we thought it was very tasty.
     My chef's biryani came with two types of chicken, goat, and shrimp. When I opened it up, I only saw two large shrimp on top and didn't know if I was given the shrimp by mistake. I poured out the whole contained and the bottom was filled with large pieces of goat and chicken. Another great dish! One thing to keep an eye on, some of the goat pieces had bone in them. Large enough to pick out and see, plus easy to remove because it was tender.
     My fiancé got the chicken tikka masala. She went with mild and said it was a bit spicy. Not too bad, but since my biryani was medium, I'd hesitate to go higher without knowing what you're getting into. The garlic naan was also quite good. A decent portion... I'm glad I didn't order two.
     I was pretty hungry, but we have a decent amount of leftovers. I'll have to keep myself from picking at the garlic chicken during the evening so I don't finish it. Definitely will be trying more on their menu.Hubby and I visited here yesterday and had a delicious meal. I give it a 4 star for food, and not 5 for overall experience. Price is just a little higher than I want to pay for Indian food, but it was delicious. We're pretty good judgement on this type of food, coz we LOVE Indian cuisine & eat it often. We ordered the Goat Biryani, chicken vindaloo, and garlic naan. We ordered Veg Samosa, but they were out of them. It close by our home, so we will definitely come back and try different foods.No frills atmosphere, excellent food.  Freshly prepared.  Our standard order is Chicken Tikka Masala, Saag Paneer, Goat Curry, and Dal Makhni. Oh, and naan.  Have had the biryani (bir-YUMMY!), and the chat.  A go-to for takeaway.We have ordered here 3 times. The food always arrives early and is still hot.  We love the Gobi 65 which is a spiced chickpea battered cauliflower appetizer.  The delivery driver is very nice and polite.  We appreciate that a few dishes are still on the bone which makes everything taste better.My first time eating Indian cuisine...So good. I got up in the middle of the night to finish it off. My new favorite food... the buttered chicken...delicious! Shrimp Marsala....fabulous! I even enjoyed eating with my fingers.Incredibly delicious! Refreshing to have a wonderful new Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. Can't wait to enjoy it again soon!This restaurant is a hidden gem! The food is always delicious and the service is excellent. Plus it's a BYOB so what's not to love?!Love love love this place!  The gobhi Manchurian, samosa chaat, malai kofta, choke bhutura and rasmalai are my favorites!  Friendly owner run and operated.No star. What an awful food and service  combination. Very expensive food that tastes horrible. The staff members are of course not trained to run a food joint professionally. Worst experience being there and spending money at a place that is not customer friendly. I would highly discourage people to support a business like this. Hopefully  the owner will read all these comments and take ownership of the staff's behavior and do something about it. I am definitely not going there or recommending this place to anyone. I stand here regretting my decision to have taken my kids to a place where their parents were straight out disrespected in front of them.I ordered delivery for the Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Seek Kabab and the Malabar Parata, which came to $45 w/tip. When delivery came thru I literally asked him is that it? That's everything? One plastic bag w/lamb juices spilled inside for $45?
I open the bag and to my dismay I find one tiny container of rice, which is not enough for one person let alone to share. I think 2 entrees should have 2, albeit tiny, containers of rice! 
1. I first taste the Malabar Parata, which is supposed to be a warm, flaky bread, but it was rock hard and crunchy. It didn't taste like maybe it was fresh when they packed it but got cold on the way. Nah it was stale. 
2. The lamb seek kabob order was instead a mixed order of lamb and chicken kabobs, but all the better since I didn't like the lamb's gamey taste (In my experience, most desi spots are able to conceal that strong taste w/spices). 
3. Thank God for the tikka masala, a classic that saved the day..
I eat Indian food a few times a month. And idk maybe I am biased, but I can't help but compare this to other top notch Indian spots in Philly or my boyfriend's mom's home cooked desi food. Maybe It was just a bad night, but I was very disappointed. I can't say that I will ever order from here again.I just got delivery from here the other night with my daughter.  The delivery was fast and cordial. I got the lamb korma and my daughter got something vegetarian, plus we got an order of naan.  Portion sizes were good (not enormous) but the food was delicious.  I will definitely make this a regular takeout.  Even though the website said 45-60 minutes, it was here in about 29 minutes.I love Indian food and this is probably one of my favorite place. Chicken Biryani is good, and of course you have to try chicken tikka masala. Their food is little bit of spicy side than other usual Indian places. If you like spicy food, you have to try this place!Biryani Bowl might be my new favorite stop for Indian food. The garlic naan was fluffy, garlicky, and delicious; it proved excellent for dipping and scooping the other goodies on the table. The other goodies included chicken tikka masala and chicken biryani. Standard Indian fare, but very well done. The chicken in both dishes was tender and well seasoned. The tikka masala was the perfect combination of creamy and tomato-y. I didn't get a lot of heat from the sauce (caveat: I enjoy the runny nose, fiery tongue, and watery eyes that come with super spicy foods), but I'm sure this is something that could be requested if you were so inclined (I would definitely ask for more spice next time). The biryani was tasty and the rice well cooked. The raita and biryani sauce were great accompaniments.
Overall, I really enjoyed our meal at Biryani Bowl. I like to think I have a reasonable knowledge of Indian food thanks to my many Indian friends and their generous families, and Biryani Bowl certainly lives up to expectations. I think it will provide interesting competition for the nearby Tiffin.Almost hidden away in upscale Chestnut Hill is a small Indian hole-in-the-wall restaurant.  It is called Biryani Bowl and its specialty is obviously the famous Hyderabadi Biryani.  But they also have other dishes on the menu and one in particular I was eager to try called Andhra Chicken Methi.  Methi is Schabziegerklee in Austrian-German and I think Fenugreek in English.  Unfortunately I wasn't very impressed with this version of Chicken Methi.  Two questions - 1) Where was the methi? There were only a couple tiny sprigs of it that I saw. 2) Where was the seasoning?  It was really bland and mild.  I asked for hot sauce to spice it up but I only got a few chopped up mild green peppers.  The naan bread ordered to accompany this dish was tasty.  Based on this one meal, I can only give this restaurant three stars.  I hope in the future the kitchen adds seasoning and spice - at least when specifically asked by a customer to do so like I did - and can serve dishes which embody more of the rich exotic flavors and aromas present in Indian cuisine.  Maybe I will try it again ... but next time a different dish.  Incidentally service was pleasant enough as is the atmosphere.  It is BYOB and this restaurant has parking directly in front of it as well as public transit stopping at the corner.The food is "hands-down" delicious! It's literally the freshest Indian food I have every had. Even though I realize that their sauce have to cook for a while to develop flavor. Somehow the end product is not extremely heavy or doesn't feel like I'm eating lasts week tikka masala. I high recommend the Samosa Chat. It's delicious! I wish we could eat here more often, but the prices are just a bit high for a casual dinner. Maybe they could institute some specials during a certain time frame. The only other little irritant is that your conversation is usually competing with the TV in the background playing music videos.Relaxed atmosphere with very good service. Food was delicious! Some of the best Indian food I've had and believe me I eat a lot of Indian. :-)Good Biryani, but not comparable to other biryanis I ate near Norristown. That's why the 3.My husband and I have been waiting very patiently for Biryani Bowl to open and it was totally worth it!  
We ordered the Samosa chaat, Dal curry, the chicken vinadaloo, and a mango lassi.  Having been to India, I thought the chaat and lassi was just like I had on my trip.  They were fantastic, and the chaat was a meal in itself.  We loved both the dal and the vindaloo.  It is way too close to home, and they should expect to see us on a regular basis.
Welcome to the neighbood, Biryani Bowl!I have frequented Biryani bowl since it opened here in Chestnut Hill. It is consistently my favorite restaurant. I love this place so much they catered my birthday, and they hit the ball out of the park. I've travelled to India six times, and a trip to Biryani Bowl is a similar eating experience! The entire menu is excellent, and they make sure to cater to your needs. I love my Indian food spicy, but my grandma likes it incredibly mild, and they give both us exactly what we want. I highly recommend the Gobi Manchurian, palak dal and aloo gobi. If you don't know Indian food well, the owner Perry can guide you with selecting something that is right for you. The question I pose to others in Chestnut Hill is this: why go to another restaurant where you'll pay 3 times more for a less tasty meal? Biryani Bowl is the best restaurant in the area, hands down.Ordered the Chicken Tikka Dinner and the shrimp apolla for pick up. Well apparently their printer was broken so they didn't start makin my food until I arrived. The Shrimp is ok but bland! I ordered the spice level Medium. And the chicken is extremely dry and bland as well. The dinner entree came with naan & rice, which of those items helps with the super dry, over cooked BLAND chicken! Will never order from them again! One star for effortWent to this place for the 1st time last year and i love it. Their Biryani is so good and their shrimp curry is excellent. I really like their Garlic naan .It's tucked away on willow grove ave ,i had never seen it before but trust me I'll be ordering from them again.I live in the apartment complex right where Biryani Bowl is located and am very happy to have such a good quality, inexpensive restaurant right outside my door.  Their vegetarian options are great- large, hearty portions of flavorful food. The people who work there are also very friendlyMy girlfriend and I had been waiting for this place to open and we were not disappointed. The food was delicious with the perfect amount of spice: left the mouth pleasantly tingling but not overpowering so as to take away from the flavor; and not overly creamy. I recommend the Samosa Chaat especially. I will definitely be a regular here and have told all my friends to try it out; all of the people that have taken my recommendation have agreed that it is great!
Also BYO, which is always a plus.This place had disappointing food. When we mentioned that the biryani was too spicy to eat, the server said since we are Indian, he assumed we would like to have a spicier meal. Wouldn't recommend. Also included 18% service charge even though party of two. Bad experienceExcellent biryani (hence the name!) and the curries were nice too, albeit a bit too rich. will definitely be ordering from here again.I will be very surprised if this place stays open for another six months.
My husband and I order food from Jyoti at least once a week.  Yes, it's not the best Indian food ever, but it's good, and it's inexpensive.
When this place opened, we were excited that we might have a new go-to Indian restaurant. Tiffin is notoriously overpriced, they get orders wrong, small portions, etc. And Jyoti's food is solid but lacks heat (also, limited options).
But WOW. I ordered what I thought would be enough food for three people...two entrees, a few sides, a few orders of naan...and my order was $90. NINETY dollars.  In addition, the chicken in the butter chicken was tiny, dry slices of chicken.  And the portions?  Well, for 90 bucks I was hoping I'd at least get a lot of food.  Not so.  Small portions.
I will say that the spice was great, sauces delicious, saag paneer really good.  But dear god. High prices, small portions, bad chicken.  Never again.  Jyoti is so much better than this place.Tried this place for the first time on Friday since our usual Indian spot is closed for a few months. No bells and whistles, just good food. My husband and I both agreed this is the best chicken tikka masala we've ever had. The sauce is incredible! Portions were a bit smaller than expected, but we will just order more next time.We lived in the apartments next to this restaurant last year and felt so lucky to be so close to such a great place.  We are originally from Louisiana and had never tried Indian food before.. this restaurant had us coming back for more every other week. We moved back to Louisiana 6 months ago and still talk about the great food and the wonderful people we met there. The staff was always so welcoming and catered to our family every visit.
Our favorites- veg. Samosas, chicken 65, chicken tikka masala, butter chicken and of course garlic naan.This was our first time giving Indian takeout a try in the area. I may have ordered with my stomach because I didn't eat all day. We went with an order of chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, the garlic chicken appetizer, and a chef's biryani.
     Price was pretty reasonable. The garlic chicken appetizer was great! Since we did takeout, it probably would be a little crispier when dining in, but we thought it was very tasty.
     My chef's biryani came with two types of chicken, goat, and shrimp. When I opened it up, I only saw two large shrimp on top and didn't know if I was given the shrimp by mistake. I poured out the whole contained and the bottom was filled with large pieces of goat and chicken. Another great dish! One thing to keep an eye on, some of the goat pieces had bone in them. Large enough to pick out and see, plus easy to remove because it was tender.
     My fiancé got the chicken tikka masala. She went with mild and said it was a bit spicy. Not too bad, but since my biryani was medium, I'd hesitate to go higher without knowing what you're getting into. The garlic naan was also quite good. A decent portion... I'm glad I didn't order two.
     I was pretty hungry, but we have a decent amount of leftovers. I'll have to keep myself from picking at the garlic chicken during the evening so I don't finish it. Definitely will be trying more on their menu.
Update:
A great reply from the restaurant! I definitely didn't want my comments to come off as critical since we really enjoyed the food and know that takeout can sometimes alter the dish, but it was still so good (loved the garlic chicken). As for the spice, no worries on that either. Personal taste is such a tough thing and again, it was good. Thanks for reaching out and also for the recommendations!Very authentic and delicious Indian food. the Parata bread was excellent and not an item typically found on most menus . We loved the lamb Korma and the malai kofta and will be anxious to return here Soon .Really enjoy this place. Good food and good service. I had the chicken tikka masala and it was great. Atmosphere is nothing special, but the food makes up for any lack in atmosphere.the food is pretty good. I enjoyed my biryani bowl. The Idian music videos they play on the large flatscreen TV are very entertaining. Goat Curry too.Back story: Me and my wife are great fans of Indian restaurants, and Chestnut Hill is graced with three locations varying from good (Bhagya's Kitchen on Willow Grove Ave) to better (Jyoti Indian Bistro, corner of Germantown Ave & Nippon St) to best (Tiffin Mount Airy, Emlen St). I spotted this newcomer almost a year ago, when the awning first went up, so I snapped a photo and created the Yelp page to kick things off. Months passed, it seemed the business was no closer to opening, and hope faded... then, in the span of a couple furious fall weeks, it was completed! We I stopped in during the first week it opened and I'm finally getting down to our review.
We ordered the Vegetable Samosas and Samosa Chaat appetizers; the Palak Paneer, Malai Kofta and Lamb Tikka Masala entrées; and Butter Naan to accompany the meal. The apps were great, especially the Chaat, which is large enough to serve as an entrée if you like. The Palak Paneer, my personal favorite, was not quite pulled together. It tasted rushed: the spinach gravy had not set, so the dish consisted of alternating watery puddles and minced spinach piles with cheese cubes. With a little stirring, it formed a more traditional plate but still lacked the savory flavors I expect in this dish. It seemed as if the dish had literally just been cooked. Just as soup develops better flavors after a day's sit, I imagine Biryani Bowl's version of Palak Paneer will improve if given time to develop.
The other vegetarian entrée, Malai Kofta, was an improvement over the Palak Paneer, but the sauce was light on curry and not very flavorful. This again we chalked up to a new restaurant getting its footing and learning to prepare dishes with greater flavor. Finally, the Lamb Tikka Masala did not disappoint in any regard (and I imagine the Chicken or Butter Paneer versions are just as good). The Butter Naan was likewise great.
On the whole, we enjoyed our meal and partially overlooked the concerns with preparation and flavor, and rated it three stars. For my dollar, Tiffin is still tops in Chestnut Hill, and Biryani Bowl may develop to surpass Jyoti as second favorite. With the anticipated improvements noted above, we expect a four-star review following our next visit.Best biryani in Philly. I am from Hyderabad so tried finding good biryani places and this place stands out for their delicious biryani.I have had Indian takeout from 3 different restaurants in the area and Biryani bowl is by far the most flavorful. The other places were so bland; felt like something was missing; not with Biryani Bowl. The Chana Masala was so delicious. Can't wait to eat my leftovers!Being an Indian i am very familiar with indian food and being a foodie I live for delicious Indian food. This used to be one of my favorite places however there food quality has really become subpar in the past few months with stale chicken biryanis and flavorless butter chicken etc.
To top that the staff was openly insulting and hostile. We recently went in to have appetizers and tea and the waiter essentially threw us out saying that it wasn't worth their time and table space and this was when the restaurant was essentially empty. I will certainly never be going back there and I wouldn't recommend it to any of my frnds either.Had the dal tadka dal curry and goat curry, as well as samosa chaat and gobhi 65. Everything was fabulous ! Very happy to have stumbled upon this placeSaw this little small place where you wouldn't expect a restaurant to be, and noticed several South Asian-looking people heading in the door.  (Maybe that guy from Hyderabad?) So it seemed worth trying and last night we finally stopped in.  We ordered a chicken and a goat dish and it was so noticeable that each was so complex, and interesting, with a depth of flavor you don't usually taste in restaurants.  The sort of food you think about and remember so well the next day that you just have to stop and write a review. We'll be back!The chicken biryani was good. Would have liked a saalan , gravy sauce on the side.
The veggie biryani was so so, to much masala for a mild version.We have been big fans of Biryani Bowl ever since it opened. So much so, that we asked them to cater our wedding! Perry went above and beyond in helping us to plan the menu, and making sure that everything was set up perfectly on the day. We knew many of our family members had never tasted any kind of Indian food before, so Perry adjusted spice levels on some of our favorite dishes to allow a wider audience to enjoy them. Everything was a hit! Biryani Bowl won many converts that day. :) Definitely try the chicken soup (not on the menu, but always available), and the dal makhani - but everything is delicious. And service is friendly yet unobtrusive if you eat in. Enjoy!I had a chicken biryani and chicken korma also garlic naan everything was great I will definitely go back and tell all my friends nice services to.Decent food and quick, friendly, and attentive service.  I'll be back again here when I get a craving for Indian food.
FYI the restaurant is located right next to an apartment complex.Wow. Some of the best Indian I've had in a while. Not a drop was left on the plate. Have been craving Indian for a couple weeks now and my coworker suggested I check out Biryani. The food was spiced very well, not too much not too little. And the garlic nan bread was PERFECT. Definitely coming back soon.Staff was very helpful and the service was very good. 
I ordered the somosa chat appetizer. Very tasty. For entree I ordered the Chef Biryani very hot. I thought it was very tasty. One of the best Biryanis I have had. I could fast each of the spices and ingredients building up a nice flavor profile. Top  flavor ...saints among the homemade biryanis I have tasted that have been made correctly. Kudos to the restaurant! The raita was a perfect accompaniment to balance against the heat.
I also ordered the garlic naan. It was fresh and hot and great flavor.
I also included an order of lamb vindaloo very hot for lunch the next day... more to come ...but I expect i will enjoy it.
In summary , great food, great value, nice and clean setting , family run. Owner is polite and customer focused. I will be back ...Great experience , best indian food in the city, i have already been 4 times and all four dishes were awesome. I recommend the channa masala .This is the third time eating here and once again, it did not disappoint! I had the Lamb Rogan Josh for the first time and this was amazing! I usually stick to the usual Chicken Tikka or Butter chicken but i wanted to try something new and I'm glad i tried this. It's a much sweeter/slightly spicy curry that if you can't handle too spicey, this is the way to go!Really good Indian food at pretty normal Chestnut Hill prices. Take out is fast and easy with online ordering too. They'll make it actually spicy for you! I love the malai kofta.Great Indian food find! We ordered the veg. pakora, garlic naan, chicken biryani, bagara baingan, bindi masala, and chai tea. Everything was perfectly seasoned. The pakora is the best we've had. The biryani was so flavorful, and the bindi was cooked to a perfect soft texture. The chai was pleasantly mild. The service was attentive and very polite, and they customized the level of spiciness for our biryani. We will definitely be coming back to try the rest of their menu.Waitress was not knowledgeable about the menu, her reason for not knowing is that she is does not eat non veg. When I asked what fish you serve she replied Tulip . Food was below average , chicken fry under cooked. Biryani , lacked flavor . Mango lassi was sour.
Asked for the take out box for chicken tikka and naan , but waitress brought extra box thinking I would take the undercooked chicken fry which I didn't,Haven't had Indian take out before.  The lunch we ordered was fantastic.  Had amazing spice that packed a punch.  The bread (Nann) with the Chicken Tikka Masala & the Lamb Tikka Masala was spectacular.  Highly recommend!I had the butter chicken. It was really good but I wish there was more chicken. The Naan was excellent.I ordered to-go here because of covid19 and the service was fast. They aren't doing dine-in, but they had hand sanitizer available and the cashier was wearing a mask. 
The food was hot and ready to eat once I got home. My friend got the butter chicken and I got the chicken vindaloo. I enjoyed my vindaloo because it didn't feel heavy to me. It was more refreshing and vinegary than creamy, which I enjoy. I tried the butter chicken, but it wasn't for me. In general I don't love butter, but I can see how someone who likes butter would enjoy it. Honestly mixing the two was a good combo. 
The chicken was dry, but it melted in your mouth at the same time. I kinda like that the chicken is in huge chunks cause I love meat, but I wish the chicken was a bit more moist. 
Overall I had a great to-go experience and would probably eat here again!