The food is really good, but that depends on the day you order. I don't know what it is, but the food is a bit different every time I order and I've been ordering from them for a couple years now. I'd always get the falafel wrap platter. Sometimes the falafel is big, crispy, flavorful and moist and other times is could be small, broken into bits, brittle and dry. Sometimes even soggy and with a weird after taste. The fries. The fries aren't always seasoned, crispy, or fried in fresh tasting oil, but sometimes they are. When they're good, they're really good. Other times, they're just OKAY. I love Mediterranean flavors and there aren't many middle eastern restaurants in my area.Thrilled about this yummy cafe in the NE! This was the first place my husband and I dinned at with our 2 month old baby and it was a great experience. Very family friendly, delicious food and drinks + nice atmosphere. You get a lot for great prices.Talk about a hidden gem! I went here for lunch and was not disappointed. Falafel was had crazy flavor and super crispy. Baba Ghanoush was rich in texture and portion size was perfect for each dish. Iced coffee had weird gritty bits that I believe was the sweetener but everything else was top notch. I can't wait to explore the rest of the menu.Yay so happy this is finally in the neighborhood as it's normally just pizza, cheesesteaks or Chinese around here!
This place used to be in Roosevelt mall but this new spot is much roomier. 
I ordered pickup through their website. I ordered:
- family sampler (pick 3 apps - I chose hummus baba gannouj and falafel). ($11; individual sides $2.50 for small or $4.50 for regular). Comes with pita
- Chicken shawarma Saj wrap ($7 for wrap or $9 for combo which comes with fries and a drink)
- beef/lamb shawarma rice bowl ($8/$10 combo)
-pizza Saj bread. This was new
I usually love to get the lemonana which is a lemon mint slushy and super yummy but it was so cold on opening day. 
So definitely happy to have something new/yummy/affordable in the neighborhood! 
They have delivery as well.Just barely as good as momma makes, and that's saying a lot!  The Lemonana-mint slushie was quite refreshing, the bread was incredibly fresh and soft, and there wasn't a spread worth ignoring on the menu!Bishos is back--betta than everrrrr and packed with so much flavor!! Omg! Crispy seasoned fries and a drink now come with the saj wraps! Ya doing yourself a disservice If you don't add the lemonana. They allow up to 20 toppings for your wrap. My choices were: diced toms, raw onions w/sumac, pickles, cabbage, sautéed onions,hummus, tomiya, pickled turnips;) Trust me it's not too much. But, the portions are enough for two meals! Im saving the other for later...ENJOY!We had a good time dining in at Bishos. Everything tasted good. We ordered shawarma and chicken kebab as well as appetizers, it was great. The lady there was niceStopped in with friends and had the bishos special. It was beyond amazing everything was fresh the place was spotless, the staff were extremely friendly and we will def returnI am really impressed with this location. From its soothing classical Arabic music playing in the background to the beautiful artwork displayed all over the cafe, this is a spot I can definitely get used to. For one, it's a game changer for the Northeast Philly area. Most middle eastern cafes around the area are primarily hookah lounges, so a cafe that doesn't actually offer any hookah is a nice new touch. 
My order today included green tea with mint leaves and the fruit and nutella crepe. The crepe was good but I expected more fruits and less nutella. The tea was also good but the fans on the ceiling caused my tea to get cold way too fast. Although, they did give me a refill for free which was nice. A friend ordered a smoothie and was really satisfied with her order. 
The cafe also offers games for patrons. It gives this spot a plus for group hangouts. The seating situation allows for couple seating as well as groups. 
My favorite part about this place are the aesthetics, free wifi, and location convenience. I did come with the intention of studying, but unfortunately didn't get much done because of the commotion around me, which isn't anyone's fault. I just wouldn't really recommend it to be a go to study spot. 
I would highly recommend this spot to anyone
who is a Zabiha eater, as everything is halal!This is one of the best foods  I've ever tried and came to. Very respectful service and delicious food I give this place a 10 star if I can. One is the top of the line! Imagine coming into a place full of respect and beautiful smiles.. making sure their customers leave happy .. with their amazing different foods and drinks ... this place always makes my day when I come I hope every customer who tried this place feels the same way and to the people who haven't tried it I promise you won't regret itEverything here so far that I've tried is delicious. The daily specials are good way to try different things. In case you want consistency though the platters are always delicious and the sides/appetizers are usually enough for a crowd. The deserts are good and so are the drinks including Turkish coffee. The breakfast is also unexpectedly bright and comforting at the same time.Not the best halal food I've had but certainly the best for its price. I'm very pleased with the lamb/beef shawarma and the falafel is so unbelievably crispy. The za'arta bread was flaky delicious and so simply satisfying. We will be back!The best little hidden spot in Philadelphia fresh food, clean and friendly staff will return again and againBishos, yesss!!
I am so glad that this authentic Mediterranean spot landed in NE Philly. Not only is the food delicious, it's also very reasonably priced and BYOB. I've already visited a few times after discovering this place only in recent weeks. The falafel is hot and crunchy, fluffy inside and extremely flavorful- everything you dream falafel to be. The hummus is nicely balanced and certainly didn't disappoint. The labne is soooo good *highly* recommended- a dense yogurt based dip packing a refreshing punch. Don't forget to ask for the green and red hot sauce and grab a piece (or two) of baklava for the road (personally prefer the pistachio though both were tasty).
On top of all of this- great service! Thank you to the friendly staff, especially Leith- I cant wait to return!2/6/2021 Recommended - good food and friendly service. First time to try them and won't be last when I am close to their area.  Pictures are for lamb shawarma sandwiches and baba-ghanoush appetizer with pita bread.  Lamb shawarma Sandwich is tasty with thin crispy bread, very niceI'm happy to know there is a great Mediterranean place in NE Philly. The falafel were delicious. My favorite dish was chicken shawarma. I don't recommend the sweets or the special drinks because they are too sweet.I was very surprised about this place. I had to take my cousin to the DMV, and while I waited, I decided to just walk around Roosevelt mall. When I saw there was a cafe, I decided to get coffee. When I went there, the inside was very surprising. It was a cute little cafe. When I looked at the menu, they had cafe lattes which sounded perfect but then I saw the food menu!!!!! I wasn't super hungry, but i have a sweet tooth and saw that they make crepes. (What! I wasn't expecting this as it seemed like they may have only had Mediterranean food). The cafe latte is the most delicious thing I have ever had!!! And the crepe!!!!!!! We got the mixed one- which had Nutella, banana, and strawberry. It was sooooo yummy. Our lattes also came with a small little dessert biscuit that was sooooo tasty! The chef who made the crepe came to us and asked me we enjoyed it and informed us that he only makes it with super fresh ingredients (which you can tell!) he was very friendly!! I will definitely come back even though I live no where near this place. I recommend the HECK out of this place. I see other reviews that talk about the actual rice and meat which I really want to try next. It's a little gem of a place!Me and hubby were looking for a cafe/sweets like place around Mayfair and found this gem on Yelp. It is definitely a new addition to the Roosevelt shopping center. It didn't look very interesting on the outside, but it do have a cozy setting inside the cafe. 
We were greeted immediately by the staffs. Also they help us navigate through the menu, which is definitely a plus since this is my first time at this type of cafe. I like the tea set they have on display.
I have to get the fresh squeeze orange juice, it remind me of the Orangead at Morey's Piers. It was so good that I have to order another one bc my daughter kept my juice to herself lol. While hubby got the Banana and Honey smoothie, which he enjoy very much. He also got the Chicken Roasted Pepper Wrap and I got the Kifta Wrap. I didn't like my wrap, end up eating hubby's instead lol. 
No meals is complete without dessert (well at least in my book:) Hubby got the Carrot cake, my daughter got the rainbow cupcake, and I try the Kunafa for the first time. The carrot cake is huge, hubby brung that home instead. Me and daughter definitely ate both of ours quickly.Omg sooo good one of my new faves spot  thank me later . Had the chicken shawarma  Nutella crapes3 and half stars is my rating. First of all the staff and owners are very nice. The food is  more than decent. The most I liked was the chicken shawarma which was very good and delicious. The chicken and lamb Kabab were good but average for what I am used to. Beef shawarma was also moRe than good. They give you the choice of soup or salad with the Kabab platter so I went with the soup  and it was  a great choice and so good. We also tried a meat manakish with added cheese which was average. In  general it was a nice experience and I would try to the place again especially some of their juices and desertsAuthentic middle eastern shawarma, Hummus, fries, selection of pickles. Everything tasty and fresh. My kids even enjoyed it. We will definitely order from them again!First time trying this place, and it was amazing. The service was quick and pleasant, the food was full of flavor and their pastry sweets... to die for! I had the Chicken Kabab meal which came with two huge kebabs over a bed of rice, roasted potatoes, and carrots! The young man also gave me the option to either have a soup or salad as my meal side and I thought that was great. The salad was a cucumber and tomato salad with a tangy vinaigrette! For dessert I bought Walnut Baklawa, and returned to buy more  Oh, and let me not forget to mention their very refreshing strawberry lemonade (w/ or without mint). Definitely will be returning!I absolutely love baklava. I will be here more often to satisfy my sweet tooth. This is my first time here. It is conveniently located in the roosevelt plaza near my house.Don't waste your time with the terrible customer service. Delivery person went to the wrong place and immediately accused me of giving the wrong address, which I did not. I know where I live. That's no big deal but then we realized we were missing part of the order which I was charged for, and they refused to deliver it. The spinach is actually black and sour, and the babaganoush is awful. That refused to give us any sort of refund or delivery the missing food. I guess they don't want returned customers. What a waste.My favorite local place to eat. I love all that is offered. I love the atmosphere and the staff and Bisho himself. I love the consistency of it all. Every time I visit , I always have a delicious, healthy, enjoyable meal. I feel it's more like a family than a staff. Everyone here is very courteous and respectful. I feel the compassion from each person. I missed a few weeks being sick. They missed me. I'm so thankful that we have this delicious cafe. Worthy of so much more than a 5 stars more like 10 stars.This is the spot to be if you want a great brunch. The flavors and variety of the food are great. Service is also a great aspect of this place. This is a must-try again place. I was so sad that this place closed during COVID, but then later on I found out it had moved to a new locationIncredible food! I appreciated all the delicious vegetarian,vegan, and gluten-free options, which were clearly marked. The falafel was hands-down the best falafel I've ever had in my life! The hummus was creamy and filling. The ful (fava beans) were very flavorful and I seriously could not stop eating it!  I loved the delicious drink options. 
The sahlab was like a warm hug on a cold winter day. The creamy sweet milk flavor was to die for. I loved the pistachio and cinnamon topping. I also tried the lemonada, which was the most refreshing drink I've ever had. The mixture of mint, lemon, and lime provided the perfect harmony of sweet, sour and tangy happiness. 
This has to be one of the best meals I've had in the year of 2017. If you are anywhere nearby, I would recommend this spot! The kind owner explained the rich cultural heritage behind his cooking. I am so happy to support this business.Just visited, an excellent place Tried chicken Swarma wrap, chicken skewers meal, pizza & kunafah all are so delicious so will love to visit again ambience & washroom are also perfect. Lady in reception is so helpful.Wow! What an amazing atmosphere, family friendly and best of all the food is amazing!! I wanted to give this restaurant a try and oh my did I fall in love! The falafel sandwich is to die for! Not to mention the house made pita chips and hummus! I will recommend for anyone that loves Mediterranean food to definitely come here! You won't regret it!!I love this place. The decor is simple but authentic. Decent customer service and the food is always fresh. Been a few times but I normally get the same thing. I'm open to trying other things........one dayJust came in here one morning for some Turkish coffee and some breakfast. Both were delicious and did not disappoint. However, after being there and looking at the delicious looking snacks and pastries come I will be back another time to try rest of the menu. A lot of stuff is displayed so you can see what your getting, which helps me to decide if I want to try something different. The mint lemonade slushy drink is my 2 favorite things together and I loved it! They are not skimpy with the mint and the lemonade is sweet and tart. Will def be back to try more!I am very happy that Bishos opened in the plaza since it is very close to my home. I am always here ordering the yummy baklava!My favorite restaurant; good location; family treatment; great food and reasonable prices.Nice little cafe and bakery in the middle of the shopping plaza. It's discreet, so it's easy to pass it while driving in the parking lot. However, when walking you'll see simple seating outside which invite you in. 
Overall, I love the place. Great place to catch up with friends, study or grab food on the go. There is Arabic inspired art work on all the walls, and white screen ( I'm guessing to show music videos) and flat screen TV. The music in the background is always Arabic, which helps add to the vibe of the cafe. 
Personally, I've loved almost everything I've tried. I'm very fond of the hummus and foul. All the breakfast and appetizers are delicious. However, I really did not enjoy any of the meat sandwiches, whether it's chicken or beaf. I've tried them three different times, and still have not liked them. If you visit though, YOU HAVE TO TRY the cold Turkish coffee. I don't remember what it was called, but it's traditional Arabic coffee but with ice. AMAZING taste. 
The staff are all so nice and helpful. You really don't have to wait long for your order and it's not loud or too full, that you can't enjoy yourself or your company. Must visit !We have only been able to get here every 2/3 weeks, but food is consistently outstanding - nicest people too! If you have a hard time finding the full menu, search for mybishos.com.I ordered the Falafel wrap combo at 7:11 and it was delivered by 7:25. It was so delicious- the Bishos recommended toppings were perfect. It tasted fresh and flavorful. The fries were a bit soggy but that is to be expected with delivery and I love the seasonings they put on top. I'm excited to try a different dish next time. Don't sleep on this place!I was hired by Comcast on Cottman ave and in of a place to eat for lunch so I came to Bishos. Food and music has been AMAZING since day one! I highly recommend this place!!I absolutely love this place!! The food is amazing and the people there are so welcoming and friendly. Its a very a nice, clean environment. There were lots of variety of foods and drinks to choose from- not to mention the homemade desserts! Everything was fresh and very delicious. I got the lamb kabab with rice and the side of potatos and carrots. Then I had a choice of humus, yogurt, or salad to come with the meal. The prices were cheap compared to the amount of food I ordered. I will be coming here again in the future. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who's looking for something new and exciting.First time here! Wow!! Loved it!
I had the Kifta Kabab Meal(ground beef and lamb, served with rice, had lentil soup on the side. Hot sauce and tahini sauce is provided. They were kind enough to give me tap water which I appreciated. For dessert I had pistachio baklawa! Yummy! Very kind staff! Nice and bright!
Will be back!How does Fox Chase have such a kick ass restaurant? Awesome!  Had a variety of items via take out and loved it all. Food was all fresh made and tasted like I imagine it would if I had a middle eastern grandmother. The staff was super friendly and even called me when the order was ready. The falafel wrap was the stand out and I highly recommend the garlic sauce. Put that sauce on a cardboard box and it'd be delicious.This place is quickly becoming my favorite. Everything I've tried has been incredible. Your taste buds will certainly thank you. Get the flatbread. Splurge and get it with chicken and cheese. Get the lemon'anaa. Tasty. Sweet. Tangy. Minty!! Get the Kunafa.. omg warm glorious sweetness. The chicken wrap is like heaven. I've truly enjoyed every bite I've taken here. 
Great fresh, tasty food is hard to come by these days but what's even more spectacular than the food is the service. The people who run this place are so welcoming. They greet you with a smile, help you make delicious lunch choices and are up for a little small talk when they can. 
There aren't too many places I could eat everyday without regret. This is one of them.I live right around the corner so I decided finally try some food in here. I ordered chicken shawarma and I upgraded it to combo with soft drink and fries. So the food was really good! Crispy but soft inside fries, generous stuffing inside the shawarma, and omg the size! It was really nice food. But I'm not sure what happened, but they forgot to add a soft drink. So please, be more attentive next time. 
Definitely will coming back!Excellent all around.  Chicken shawarma best I've ever had.  Also great babaganoush and the homemade slushie was so refreshing on a hot day.  Definitely recommend and will go out of my way to come back.Great food and great service. Tried the chicken shawarma wrap, pistachio baklava, turkish coffee and the mint lemonade, everything tasted great. The shawarma wrap was my favorite, it tasted very fresh.We stopped there for breakfast and it was a great surprise. Tomato skillet was out of this world. Very simple but at the same time very rich in flavor and yummy. We got the cheese pie (manaeesh). They actually have a bakery in store where they fix their own bread, pies and deserts. We will certainly be back soon to try their lunch/dinner options. The owner welcomed us with a freshly made falafel. MUST TRY if you like Mediterranean / Middle-eastern food.Order: Hummus, Falafel, Turkish Coffee
Pros: Everything was incredibly good and packed with flavor, the hummus was super creamy, and the Turkish coffee was to die for.
Cons: None off the top of my head
Thoughts: We had about an hour between a wedding and reception that we were attending and we really weren't thrilled about the notoriously bad wedding food so we decided to stop in and get some highly rated middle eastern food. We were honestly there for less than an hour so I really don't think this review deserves to be very long, or in depth.
This is some of the best middle eastern food I've ever eaten. I genuinely wanted to go back so badly, and despite it's peculiar location this would most certainly become a favorite restaurant if I lived nearby. The flavors just popped for everything we ate and drank. The falafel and hummus were everything I would have wanted and the Turkish coffee had that specific spiced flavor that the best Turkish coffee has.
I really wish I could have gone back a few more times to try other dishes but I can say that in my opinion they are absolutely worthy of their 5 star rating.This is my favorite Middle eastern restaurant in Philadelphia. Amazing hummus, baba ganoush, labane and chicken shawarma. A real gem in northeast philadelphia.Very delicious food, with a friendly staff. This was my second time here after hunting down a middle eastern restaurant with kunafe in this area and this place did not disappoint. The lamb/beef and chicken shwarma were DELICIOUS.Decided to try this place today as my kabob lady at cottman is going out of business well they have Great food and great servce.This was my first time and I fell in love. Bought the falafel and it was to die for. What a hidden gem. From the ambiance to the design, it transported me to the Middle East. And the staff was extremely friendly. Even gave me a free Arab iced coffee. This has definitely become a fave!There falafel is really REALLY good!Phenomenal Mediterranean food!! I crave their falafel wrap on a weekly basis. My fiancé LOVES their beef shawarma wrap and they are rather large for the price! This place is my go to for mediterraneanExcellent homemade baklava and kunefe. Best falafel in Philly, hands down! The in-store menu has a lot of really good middle-eastern vegetarian options. Very authentic.I came here because of all the great reviews and the good looking pictures! This was our first time there and when we walked in we weren't sure if we were suppose to wait to be seated or go up and order and find our own seats. The worker was in the back and she didn't immediately come to the register but once she walked up to us, it wasn't very much welcoming. She just asked us if we were ready. No "hi, may I help you" . After she took our order, she asked for a name so that when the food is done, she will call us up to get it because she doesn't serve, which was find. I guess it's like a pizza shop. Anyway, while we were eating I see her taking a a tray of food to a customer. So basically she picks and chooses who she wants to serve I guess. And as for the food, it was ok, bland but edible. The bakery part was pretty empty, maybe they didn't bake that morning. I will not be returning, Id prefer the halal trucks on the street.This place is amazing, the food, drinks and smoothies are top notch and everything is so fresh. Their coffee and espresso drinks will get you on the go for your caffeine fix. Service was perfect and everyone is so helpful. My favorite is the berry smoothie, the fresh salad and they have the best carrot cake. Im a regular since my first visit. Everyone go here once and you will be hooked. I enjoy everything I had so far.The food was very tasteful and the hookah was great! They are very nice to their customers and also kept the place neat and clean.The meat was very dry and chewy. The sauce is also too sour, I would not order from here again.Authentic! Fresh and amazing service! I enjoyed my meal and the service was good even ordering take out, it felt like at home! Clean restaurant and very good food!Our take out consisted of small order of Hummus and Baba Gannouj both of which were generous , fresh and very tasty. Also ordered Beef/Lamb Shawarma. Consisted of a generous portion of rice and meat with minuscule amount of toppings ( seasoned red onions, pickled turnips and tomatoes). Rice was tasty and generous but the generous amount of meat was tasteless and extremely dried out as if it had been sitting around a while or was just plain overcooked to death. The Falafel Saj wrap was again generous and very good. The little extra side of pickled vegetables was a nice touch. Might give it another try but the lousy disappointing Shawarma may prevent that from happening!Tried a few of their desserts and the fresh ones were fantastic. The pistachio baklava was really nicely balanced and not too sweet. Make sure to ask which of the pastries are fresh that day as they will always be superior in quality. I fully intend to come back and try more of their food and will flush out a better review at that time but so far so good.The chicken shawarma is delicious! It comes with homemade hummus and a side salad. That's not a regular little side salad tho... it's pallet cleansing. It's made with chopped cucumbers and herbs and special house dressing. The rice is good! It's not grainy and dry nor is it mushy. The chicken they use isn't chicken breast/ white meat , It's all dark meat but it's boneless it's so goodGreat service, price and food. The classic mana'eesh, hummus and muhamarra were fantastic. Great spot in the Northeast.Hello, saw this place while driving by in the plaza. Decided to come here for breakfast. Nice clean place with a friendly staff. The food was excellent, really enjoyed the Turkish coffee and traditional bread.  Also had this dish which was made with poached eggs, tomatoes, garlic and spices. Really good as well. Will be coming back for some backlava soon.The take out from Bishos was amazing! If you like falafel theirs will not disappoint. The hummus was some of the best I have ever had. Everything we ordered was delicious but those are the two items that make me want to order again and again.They have the best authentic food, great quality for a great price. They have a large selection from flatbreads to wraps, bowls, platters, desserts and daily specials along with some really good smoothies. This wasn't our first visit but this time we ordered a chicken shawarma wrap that had a garlic sauce (really good taste) which we upgraded to a meal for only two dollars extra and were able to substitute fries for a salad that was like tabbouleh which was really good. We also ordered one of the daily specials which was chicken over pita and rice. It was very well seasoned-delicious. They had a large selection of smoothies and of what was offered, we ordered a chocolate banana smoothie which originally was made with milk and Greek yogurt but was eligible to be substituted out for almond milk. It was great, it had Nutella but not too much and banana. One of a kind. This place is a really great stop if you want some authentic middle eastern food at a great price. A must try.We drove down from Doylestown after hearing a review and following on Instagram. It was so worth the drive. I don't even know where to start, the food was excellent. I have never tasted fries like this and the taste was just perfect. Hummus and falafel were both amazing. My husband grew up right around the corner and said the cheesesteak was a+. Chicken rice bowl and the chicken topped fries were also so flavorful. What a gift to the community to have a place like this. I wish we lived closer but we will absolutely be back to try more.Cute place with tasty food. I had samosas & baclawa.  I'm going back to try more. They are really nice people too.This place is awesome - found my new mediterranean spot!  
Thanks for being affordable - hummus/ baba ganoush for under $5 (how it should be - some places want to charge so much).  You can get a sampler platter with 3 options for $10 (I got 2 above + falafel).  Great thing to bring to a BBQ instead of using store bought hummus.  
I got the chicken shawerma wrap for $4.50 (chicken thighs).  Definitely recommend getting the garlic dip for $.50 to dip it into (I love garlic spread).  They also gave tsaziki and a hot sauce for dipping.  
Mint lemonade - icy cold on a hot summer day $4.  Was a little sweet but only for the first couple sips.  
Walnut Baklava ($1.50)- they have a few different desserts.  
I was very happy with my meal and for ~$20, it can't be beat.  Much better than the other options in the Roosevelt Mall. 
Super convenient you can order from Eat24 or Grubhub and just pick up order after shopping (mine was ready exactly when it said it would be).  
They also packed everything well within the bag.  Thanks for the tasty meal :)Really great environment, friendly staff along with good food! Cool place to chill outFound myself in this area at lunch time and stumbled upon this hidden gem. Thanks as usual, Yelp! It's located IN Roosevelt Mall and should not be judged by its cover! It's absolutely authentic and DELICIOUS!!! 
I indulged in some really amazing falafel, SIX balls to be exact, which was included in a platter with TUBS of tasty creamy hummus, perfect, not overly garlicky baba ganoush, THREE warmed pita, awesome house made pita chips, a side of pickled veggies and great olives too! All for $11! Huge portion, excellent flavor, and leftovers for dinner too! The falafel can easily rival and hold it's own against some of the top falafel places in center city! Yes, it's THAT good! Perfectly fried to golden perfection yet still moist. A nice crispier exterior with soft interior! Yessss! So, so good! 
I paired my meal with the most delicious, refreshing tart mint lemonade! So much mint it was actually green! A must try! Their fresh fruit smoothies looked tempting too, but it's going to be difficult to stray from this drink. I LOVED it! 
Grabbed hubs one of each baklava, a walnut and a pistachio for $1.75 each square. He said it was really great! Flaky layers and sticky sweet. Perfect bit sized pieces. 
For the kiddos I picked up traditional deep fried katayef with some modern twists. One was Nutella and one dusted with crumbled pistachio, sticky syrup and Orange blossom water and filled with walnuts, coconut and cinnamon. Both loved them both! 
I also grabbed a super flaky spinach and sumac filled samosa which was well liked. Don't think of an Indian samosa, rather more like a Greek style phyllo triangle. Garnished and packed with fresh herbs. 
The food I tasted so far is really wonderful! 5 Star for sure!
They serve breakfast, combo platters, salads, a plethora of sides, kabobs and traditional as well as more mainstream fare. Something for everyone and every sized appetite....whether you're in the mood for a snack or a huge meal, this is a great choice. 
The place which caters to vegans, gluten free patrons, as well as carnivores is a simple order at the counter joint. A few bistro tables and a few booths. Not much to it, but the family photos, the Fez light fixtures and classic board games for guest to play were welcoming touches. 
My new go-to when I'm around again, although I think it's worth going out of your way for. 
Don't know another place like it in the area either!
An awesome and much needed addition to this neighborhood!
Service was warm and prompt also. Great care put into to-go packaging! Much appreciate. 
*Show them your review for 50% off your next purchase!The best falafel I ever had!!! Super moist and flavorful. Loved the chicken shawarma as well.  Everything tasted very fresh. Clean and wholesome food at a great price. Arabic tea was also pleasantly fragrant. Service was super kind and fast. Thanks for an amazing meal!The falafels were on point! Definitely took me back to a tiny middle eastern experience. The chicken shawarma tasted exactly like one I had in Dubai!! Middle eastern food has not translated well in the US and I have tried other places but glad that this shop is close by and brings good middle eastern flavors back to life!Staff  very friendly..Baklava is great and Turkish coffee is awesome...Will be bAck again...We have a second home in the north east and Bishos is our favorite place to visit when we are in town.
We always order sandwiches and appetizers and Bishos never disappoints. 
This new location is also better than their old location in my opinion, very comfortable to dine in. 
Highly recommend!Northeast Philly gem! Decent variety of middle eastern dishes, including some vegan options. The interior is cozy and the staff are wonderful!Best halal food so far!! Delicious and big servings! I couldn't finish my beef bowl. This will be our new spot!Cheese flatbread was really good. It took a solid 15 minutes to come out but it was baked fresh to order. Turkish coffee is probably not my thing but I can see why it's popular. This place is legit.Want to know why there are so many 5 star reviews? They give you half off of your next order if you show them your post. Not because the food is good.
We went based off the reviews, but it's clear that they're all for cheaper food, because what we were served was tasteless. In total, we ordered a chicken shawarma wrap with hot sauce, beef shawarma rice bowl and an app of pita and hummus. The only thing edible was the pita bread. Everything else had zero flavor. The chicken looked like generic pulled chicken and had the same taste. The hummus was runny and bland. The only good thing about the place was the music. I loved the projection screen with Middle Eastern music videos playing; outside of that, this place is a must SKIP.I stopped by for lunch after reading all these great reviews on Yelp, but the place did not have the chef on site due to Ramadan. I've decided to purchase some baklava instead. I'm a big fan of baklava ever since my first visit to Turkey. And, I'm sorry to say, but baklava that I purchased in this bakery was uneatable. I literally threw it all out. It appeared to be not freshly made and very dry. I'll definitely stop by one more time to try the food, but I won't be coming back for more pastries.Bishos Cafe has just a tiny little storefront located behind Modells in a random shopping center. We had no idea what to expect when we drove up but the Yelp reviews were so positive, we had to check it out. We ordered a ton of things including:  Hummus
Baba gannoush
Falafel
Shakshuka
Pita
Pizza
Hot tea 
Whoah! Everything was absolutely delicious and was made quickly as we waited. The whole family was really impressed and plans to go back again. Just don't expect to sit down in the restaurant -- there are seats, but it seems to be more of a takeout place.