Food and service are always amazing. If your pizza comes out sub par in their eyes they will make you a new one and give you both. They are constantly doing promotions and giving out free stuff. Which is a big plus seeing as though it is in the middle of Temple"s campus. It's a great spot to meet up and eat with friends.Easily my favorite pizza in the area! I live about 20 minutes away and I find myself making the trip to Blaze's every few months because it's that good. Thin and crispy pizza is my favorite, and that's exactly what Blaze offers! I love being able to choose my toppings and how quickly the pizza is made. The staff are always super friendly and quick. If you have room, their mini S'more Pies (more like cookies) are incredible, and they heat those up in the fire oven as well. I always leave Blaze's saying it's the best pizza ever, and I can't wait to go back!If you don't mind waiting in a line that's 20 people long, this place might be for you.
If you like crispy pizza crust, this place might be for you.
If you like the layout of a Qdoba or Subway and having the ability to dress up your pizza exactly how you want it, this place might be for you.
If you like white pizza more than red pizza, this place might be for you (I think their white pizzas are better than the red).
If you're looking for a pie that's more artisan and less pizza-shoppy, this place might be for you.
My experience here was A-OK. The lines are ridiculous, but the staff move as fast as possible. The size of the pie is enough for one person to eat if you're pretty hungry, but most likely you're going to have a slice or two left over, which is actually a little annoying because it's not enough to save for another lunch.Great ingredients great pizza if you make it through the time. Last two times I've made the trek across campus I turned around after seeing the line out the door. If the line is to the door expect at least 20+ minutes wait time.Crispy + Fast + Cheap (unlimited toppings! ) + Delicious = 5 stars. This place is pure fire.One of my favorite place to get a customized pizza! The line can be long depending on the time you go but the pizza id definitely worth it! They have signatures, simple, and a build your own option. I always build my own and they have a variety of crust, sauces, toppings, and garnishes to choose from. Its fired fresh in the oven and takes less than 5 mins and its inexpensive! 
Definitely a must try!Came here with a couple of co-workers for lunch today. I heard this place was pretty popular so I thought the line was gonna be huge for lunch, but surprisingly it wasn't! 
I decided to just try one of their specialty pizzas, but everyone else pretty much built their own. I got the white top pizza which was delicious! I really like how it's your own personal pizza, but enough to take some home. 
The only thing I didn't like about this place is that they literally scream your name and the type of pizza you ordered when it's ready which can be slightly annoying while you eat. Overall pretty tasty and I would come back.Great service, great food and tons of options! I love being creative with sauces, cheeses and doughs. After first bring skeptical about the wicked fast baking, I'm in love with how much and how fast you can grab a whole pizza.  Also it caterers to vegetarians, they are quick to look up if the Caesar salad is vegetarian which at other places is a pain.Blaze Pizza is to die for!!!  We visited 2 different locations a few times in June when we were on vacation in California.  We loved it and we were sad to leave it behind as we headed home.  Then I discovered the East Coast locations and boy was/is my family psyched!!!  The crust is amazing & fresh, love the thicker crust!  The spicy red sauce (Arribiata) is sooo good, to which I add fresh basil & extra mozzarella...so very good, perfection in pizza!  My husband tried the white sauce & pesto, which he really liked, also!  We told the cashier about our Cali prior experience & she even came over to check on us & see how our PA Blaze experience was...5 stars!!!  A must try if you have not done so yet!Blake and Brianna were awesome. Helped from start to finish. Food was fast, fresh and delicious. Highly recommend.A place for everyone. From the picky kid to the a-z spice loving try anything foodie. Fast and friendly service don't miss this oneI can't believe that I've been here so many times and haven't reviewed Blaze. I come here at least once a week because their pizza is so delicious.
My favorite thing right now is the gluten free plain pizza with spicy red sauce, arugula and pesto drizzle. They have a variety of unlimited toppings at a decent price and the best blood orange lemonade.
The service is quick and they are always friendly and welcoming.This is my favorite place on campus to eat, but today takes the cake. It was my first time ordering from their app, and unfortunately they made a mistake on my order. I pointed it out, and they apologized, then quickly remade my pizza. They also offered me refreshments and dessert comped to make it right. 
It would be one thing if they simply remade the pizza, but I was really grateful for the level of professionalism and customer service I received at Blaze today. Totally great. Blaze at Temple is awesome.Pizza too salty!!!!! Please ask to hold the salt. I'm not sure why all the pizzas are salty.Fast food, awesome service. Pizza was hot and favorful! Didn't expect it, but for the price, lunch here was amazing!Great business concept and the pizza is great!! I had the red vine and it was so delicious! Friendly staff and great service. Pizzas are average price but great quality. Great addition to Temple's campus!I went here for the first time today after many recommendations to go. I have to say, it was surprisingly fast. I had my food within 5-10 minutes of ordering. The pizza was hot. While I'm not sure of the exact size of the pizza, I'm guessing it was 10-14 inches. It definitely was enough that I had leftovers. My pizza had toppings and came to $7.95. Well worth it. 
They had to go boxes located conveniently next to the soda fountain. There was also parmesan, oregano, and pepper flakes available. 
The inside was clean looking with lots of natural light. The music was blaring but eh what you gonna do. I'd come back here again for sure. BONUS: they accept diamond dollars.I don't know what happened maybe summer break was too rough on them but it's totally changed. The long line is still the same but the customer service is terrible now. No one is smiling no one seems to be happy to have a job. The woman cutting pizzas and finishing them off was rude to a customer when he asked what name she called out. Mind you the music is so loud you can't really hear if you don't stand in front of that area. Pizza is still the same it just lacks the love that they had before.This location has good customer service, even when they are extremely busy. Shout out to Blake who lightens up the day with his dry humor. Never had any issues. Pizza is good. People are good. Blaze = yayOne of our favorite lunch places on campus! Seriously good pizza and they get it right every single time. The staff couldn't be better.
Prices are great and sign up for the app to get coupons every once in a while.Unfortunately I had a horrible experience at this location. I typically love blaze, but they were ridiculously rude to me at my visit today. I had to order my pizza gluten free, as I am celiac, and gotten many rude comments from the worker there. Quite disappointed.The food was really good and the prices are reasonable! The environment is just super annoying when you're in there for awhile. The music was so loud that I couldn't even hear the person next to me talking. Some of the employees were yelling and making "Whoop" noises that got old really fast. Get your food for take out and eat it somewhere else.The best of the make your own pizza places around.  I love that they have Daiya cheese and a great tasting gluten free crust if that's your thing.  It's worth a special trip if you don't live around the Temple area.Absolutely love it here! I am a pizza lover and this is my favorite pizza joint thus far! So many options in building your own pizza and the service is super quick! Pizza came out in less than five minutes. Customer service is on point as well! Great workers!E'er damn time, I love it!  I don't pass through this neighborhood often, but when I do, Blaze is a must-stop-&-eat. Brought 2 new friends this time, and they were impressed by the food!  Quality and taste 5 stars, service of employees including speed, friendliness, and knowledge of their product 5 stars, clean and attractive dining atmosphere 5 stars!The staff was friendly and engaging.  Brought my family (wife and 2 kids), the lobby was very accommodating and clean!  Love Love Love their blood orange lemonade!!!  The pizza was spot on as I anticipated! Will be back soon!This place is just plain better than it should be for being on a college campus. It's amazing flat bread pizza at reasonable prices. You can get a simple pie just sauce and cheese with sea salt and oregano for only $5.50 and it's incredible. Great restaurantThis is one of Temple's best places to grab a bite to eat! The service is always friendly and everyone is happy. There is plenty of space to accommodate just yourself or a large group of friends. The food itself is fantastic! The topping options are endless and very fresh. Without a doubt, the best part is the ability to control the construction of your personal pizza.  Although lines can get long during lunch and dinner, the wait is well worth it!I don't get the hype about this place. Sure, its customized, but there is nothing special. The cheese isn't some exotic Mediterranean import nor are the dressings. 
Place is chill for hanging out and chilling, but not necessarily pizza. 
Pizza makers are great and personable. And the AguaFresca is great!Easily the best pizza on campus. If you have a thing for thin crust pizza, this place nails it.Essentially the chipotle of pizza. The people are really nice, the pizza came out fast, it's pretty cheap, and the ingredients are good. The crust and sauce were particularly tasty. Much better than your typical pizza placeFinally had a chance to indulge and can I say Sat-Is-Fied! I chose half pesto & half classic marinara with goat cheese, mushrooms, olives, spinach, onions & roasted peppers. I'm lactose intolerant so Pizza for me is usually a gamble but this was perfect. The crust was just right, not too heavy or thick. It was actually kind of lite. The size was perfect and I even had leftovers for dinner. I can't wait to return as the staff are very pleasant and the atmosphere is welcoming and comfortable. From now on this will be my go to spot for pizza!This place reminds me of a pizza place Chipotle style. Located on Temple main campus, you have the option of 1, 2, or BYO (build-your-own) with unlimited toppings at tiered prices. Came here with a friend and got the BYO (cuz why not?) and stuffed about just as much toppings as I wanted on it. Nice to note that this place does have a rather generous number of topping options available. While the pizza didn't take very long to cook (10 minutes tops, which I was happy about), the pizza was ... eh. Certainly not the best pizza I've ever had in terms of sauce, crust, and taste, but certainly not the worst I've had either. In short, it was passable and okay ... right in the middle. Not somewhere worth coming to just for a special trip, but certainly a good place to go if you're a student who is more budget conscious or looking for a quick bite to eat while nearby!One of the best pizza I ever had!! Can not ask for fresher pizza then blaze. My first time having blaze pizza was from left overs and it was already amazing when simply toasting it back up. But the last time I had it I went to the store and had it fresh right after it was made! I love the idea that all pizzas are the same size no matter what due to the machine they use to help them measure the size of the pizza. Along with that I really love how all ingredients are fresh and we get to put whatever we want on the pizza as long as they offer. They have many options and choices to offer from different sauces, cheese, veggies, meats, and seasoning. Besides that the smores pie they have is very delicious. The smores was quite expensive in my perspective but it's definitely worth a try. But the pizza they offer and amount of topping we can add on it is definitely worth the price !Hit or miss pizza, although I'm glad the grand opening of this place gives more options for Temple students who may not care for salads or stir-fry. 
Some of the enticing aspects of eating here is the ability to get your own pizza with whatever toppings you want- they even offer gluten free crust and vegan cheese for those with dietary restrictions.
Besides that, Blaze Pizza falls short. I often leave here after eating thinking "well, that was okay." Despite the numerous amount of combinations you can make, the pizza often times is lackluster in flavor. I find Blaze Pizza to be delicious when my order is drenched in BBQ sauce.
The staff are generally friendly and helpful and if you avoid rushes, there is ample seating. 
If it wasn't so convenient, I'd trek elsewhere for pizza.This was my best Blaze experience yet! My girl Michelle helped me from cheese sauce to sea salt without missing a beat. My pizza had just the right amount cheese, pepperoni, and mushroom. Michelle was very pleasant and kept up the conversation!I only come to blaze pizza a bit. But when I do the pizza is always great! You can put anything on it! And this time it happened to be a 5 dollar pizza day for temple students! So I had to come! All the staff was wonderful! Lindsey was taking me and she asked for the deal for me(originally some of the staff thought it was only from 10-5 but it was all day!) I'm happy it was and she was super friendly. I decided to put all the difference cheeses on one and she said she never seen it and wanted try too! It was great haha. Jai, Freda and KP helped ring up my order and cut my pizza and all the other sauces on it! They were super nice and a chance to chat with them for a bit while waiting for my pizza! I like how they make it a really nice and chill environment. Def recommend coming here!A1 Pizza, A1 staff. These guys always take care of me, Lebron needs to come out to this location to see how a real franchise is run !The pizza here is great. You can pick from about 50 different toppings. The staff is always really friendly. It doesn't take long. The prices are reasonable, $8 for all the toppings you want, and cheaper prices for one-topping and no-topping pizzas. Overall great experience. Convenient for temple students. The two cons are there is no parking and the music is always way too loud.This Blaze location is great! The service is always kind and listens to your questions even when there's a long line. They are fast and not stingy with the amount of toppings they use. Personally, I used to love MOD, but my experiences with this Blaze has greatly surpassed my love for MOD! Blaze also has fun specials in awhile that really draw a crowd in, like: $5 pizza days, BOGOs (join their rewards program!), free drinks, and of course - $3.14 pi day. If it's your first time, I'd recommend customizing your own pizza. Don't be intimidated, just get everything you want! My seasoned best-toppings-to-have-in-addition-to-your-cravings include: spicy red sauce, lots of ricotta cheese, broccoli, brussel sprouts, roasted garlic, pesto finish. But everything is good :)Blaze pizza has to be one of my favorite fast food chains in America. All of the ingredients that they use in their establishment are so fresh and tasteful that I load up my pizza with almost everything they have every single time I go there. You can choose to have a premade style pizza or you can build your own which I always do. What are my favorite drinks that they have there is their strawberry lemonade which is fire. If you're looking for a place to stop and eat and you see a blaze, that's definitely a place you have to go.Good pizza but they always forget my arugula and pesto and it makes me sad. I enjoy the lemonades and sodasIt's a good place to have build-your-own pizza. The crust is thin and crispy but don't expect to have an authentic traditional Italian pizza because it's missing the chewiness of the dough. I think it's more like a thin crispy flat bread.
The website has a calculator for nutrition facts depending on what you have.Once you eat from Blaze, you'll always go back! I swear, Blaze makes it hard to enjoy pizza from anywhere else!!! When I tell you I LOVE this restaurant, I absolutely mean it!! The workers are friendly! The service is quick! The restaurant is very clean and I always have a great experience when I visit. The manager Rachel seems to inspire her team to be nothing but excellent! Now as for the pizza, the toppings have such good variety from sauce, cheese, meats, veggies, you name it! And the sizing is perfect...one of their "build your own" pizzas is great, I think, to enjoy a few slices and save a few for later! (Get your own, WAYY TOO GOOD TO SHARE) Not to mention the crust is thin & perfectly crisp, not too doughy at all! If I could treat myself to a Blaze pizza everyday, without drowning in self guilt, I sooo would!! (Haha, but seriously) So delicious! And don't forget to try some garlic pesto on the crust!! YummyThe service I constantly receive from your employee, Blaze, is always amazing!! He's the first when I walk to the counter and he always remembers everyone's name somehow and our order. He really takes it a step beyond anything you need but in a way that's incredibly welcoming and it makes me want to keep coming back! Please thank him for me for his great service!!!Been coming here for months with my girlfriend.  So accommodating and the food is amazing here.  Jay, the GM, makes everyone feel welcomed.  I'm sad my girlfriend is leaving temple but will always make the journey back here no matter what.This was in the university campus so have to try it some day or other. I thought Chipotle will be the only place where I can go and eat my favourite meal everyday, but this place just proved me wrong.
First, lets talk about the ambience and the restaurant. Medium size restaurant with an open kitchen to let people see how their pizza is being handled. The restaurant has made a very good use of space and can accommodate approx. 50 people on the couches and high rise tables in the premises. They always play some good music to make the ambience more light and happy.
Second, the pizza and dough knots that I tried were quiet exciting. I thought that it would be an average pizza, but trust me I have been there thrice in 2 days to have my meals. I ordered build your own pizza but they have some predefined options too. I ordered like 4-5 toppings pizza which has 2 types of meat and 3 veggies  ( who doesnt like toppings right). The flavour of the red sauce, the texture by the cheese and taste of meat and veggies were all on the point. I can not bargain for more in that price. I might have paid an extra 50% for this type of pizza or more. This is now my place to go anytime I am hungry .  100% recommended to all my foodie friends and also take your friends along.
This is a genuine review and if you feel like you dont like it then message me on my food blog and I will remove their pictures from my blog (but be sure what you dont like). Follow me on IG by foodcraaft(foodism).Blaze is a great option for pizza campus! I love being able to customize my orders and the staff is always so helpful. My girl Freda hooked it up! Pleasant experience, very clean, and yummy!! 10/10 would recommend.Where do I start...this young lady Gabby is the finest employee I've ever met in my life. I walked in sad and walked out happy! From the moment I walked in she was very outgoing, personable, & helpful. She went above and beyond making me my pizza, actually coming over to our table to talk with us and check in on our experience. If I could give my experience 6 stars, I would. 
Sincerely,
Christina's FamilyI honestly don't know how this location has gotten such great reviews. I stood in line for 35 minutes today waiting for my pizza. Not because it was overly crowded but because they were understaffed and moved exceptionally slow. This is fast food! There is one employee who is very unfriendly and always appears to be in a bad mood. It's a shame because I like blaze but as an employee at temple with limited lunch time, this wait does not work for me. They really need to change their efficiency and attitudesI've been coming here for years ever since it opened! Its never been a disappointment!! Just recently came here about 3 weeks ago with a friend to catch up on campus. Great place for chill conversation and a catch-up as well as casual meetings with groups.
Atmosphere: beyond casual! Its on a college campus (Temple), so students legit come in suits, pajamas, and everything in between. Plenty of seating here for parties of 1/2 up to 10 easily if you combine some tables. Self-seating. This is a chain, don't forget that! 
Food: I always get the make you own pizza. Its a bit less than $10 and worth every penny. I get 1/2 the pizza with the white alfredo sauce and the other 1/2 with the spicy red pizza sauce. Usually add fresh mozzarella, shredded regular mozzarella cheese, and parmesan at the end. For veggies: tomato, onion, garlic, basil, broccoli, peppers. At the end, I ask for a drizzle of olive oil and pesto. This chain pizza is better than some actual pizza places. 
They also have delicious desserts like cookies!
Drinks: Assortment of fresh iced teas and usual soda machine drinks as well. 
Service: Quick and helpful! They will change out their gloves for vegetarian/vegan customers upon request.
Would 100% come back.
Pro tip - subway/walk/uber/lyft because there is no parking!
Pro tip #2 - legit get everything on your pizza and ask them to cook it a few minutes extra so the toppings don't just slide off when it comes out and actually get baked into the pizza.
Pro tip #3 - get half a pizza for just $5 if you are in a rush and don't want to pack leftovers
Vegan/Vegetarian Tip - ask for change of gloves! they're more than ok with doing it
Also, if you frequent like once or twice a year, I'd say the rewards app on smartphone is worth it.Hey guys!  So this is my first Yelp post and I'm excited!  So, my friend (Tiffany) and I just left Blaze (well, it's been about 45 mins- I became distracted eating).  While there we had THE best time.  The customer service from Danny and Zia was amazing! They were so kind, helpful, and funny.  NoW, this is my third time at that place and to be honest, I only go there because that Chipotle location immediately next to it is nasty (the guacamole is dark green/brown all the way through and the chicken and fiesta green peppers/onions are always black/burnt.  I think it's ridiculous.  Still, I always try Chipotle because I'm a chipotle girl.   
Any who, so I went to Blaze because I know they always do right! #always.  So, in there Danny and Zia helped with our pizza (only two other customers were there due to this snow storm and campus being closed-- I'm surprised and thankful that Blaze was even open).  I'm there, I asked Zia if they had breadsticks or cheese sticks. She said no.  Danny must have heard because he came out back and told me he makes some pesto garlic for his staff sometimes and he's happy to share my suggestions to corporate.  I hope he does because I would order them with my pizza, and pay the same price as the simple pizza cost.  Any who, I just wanted you all to know how much I appreciated their excellent customer service, their professionalism, and of course their pizza. I've been to Blaze in Indiana (Indianapolis, specifically), however this #Temple Location is amazing.  Thank you Danny and Zia! Keep up the great work! Thanks for always providing fresh, tasty, amazing food and great company as I waited on my pizza to come from the oven.  If you guys are choosing between PotBelly, Chipotle, or any restaurant in that glass plaza, choose Blaze and make you a custom pizza or ask Danny what he recommends (also, add a chocolate cookie or s'more-- and be sure to get it warmed by the pizza oven).  Blaze is a great! This was definitely worth the cheat day #DontSleepOnThemI wish I could post a picture of my garlic knots but I ate them all too quickly! I also love how they have no straw lids because it's great for the environment! It's always clean and they staff is very kind too!I'm pretty jealous of those who live in The View apartments at Temple because they get to enjoy the shortest distance between the yummy pizza here and their mouth at any given time. The concept is kind of like a pizza version of Chipotle/Qdoba, where you select your toppings while in line (or pre-designed "Signature" pizzas), and then they make it right in front of you. 
The whole process is surprisingly fast for having your pizza made from scratch. I chose the Link In, made with Italian sausage, roasted red peppers, sauteed onions, mozzarella, and red sauce. Within 10 minutes of ordering, I got a fresh, piping hot pizza that could feed 2 people for about $8. The quality is definitely above regular take-out pizza. 
The interior is modern, clean, and beautiful, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. There is plenty of seating for those who want to enjoy their pizza right away. The s'more cookies are also worth trying, and they even warm them up for you. Apparently they are opening a location on the Drexel campus soon. They are a perfect alternative to campus food. I hope they'll eventually open a location in Center City as well.Good pizza for a fair price with a wide variety of customization options. One of the metal plates the pizza was served on was far too hot and I could not make it to my table without putting it down to avoid burning myself. Music was far too loud and then the speakers stopped working altogether. Once the music was cut it was a much nicer experience and the food was quite good. Dough knots are worth trying for a few bucks and while not having a lot of garlic they make up for it with cheese.I went to the branch in Temple university, tow time I got my pizza burned the manager change it but I wait more 25 min total . The guy who Responsible  about oven doesn't know how to Cook.There was a handsome guy who is always friendly, although some staffs there gave me the wrong sources I ordered, I still like that place. But until I saw a woman with dreads who was always very rude. She laughed at me just because I did not order beverages, but actually I bought pizzas there for many times and I usually order beverages.  The next time I saw her, she purposely called me a wrong name knowing it's not being said correct, which means a mocking insult to me.  I really like that kind guy , but I have to say sorry to him, I won't go there anymore. Why do you hire such a rude and ill-bred woman?Finding places to visit that actually have food that caters to the Ketogenic crowd can be extremely difficult- but, as it would happen some small chains and brands have hopped on board.
One of those is Blaze pizza, now, from experience since ive started this weight loss journey the one thing that suffers  when trying to imitate any kind of bread is texture- so when I heard "Keto Pizza" my first thought was "Oh THAT sounds interesting, I wonder how much of a compromise it is" As it would happen the answer is 0.
Grubbing down a whole pie is net 12 even if you opt for red sauce as long as you avoid other potential carb filled toppings like olives, and all of the toppings are premium.
Ive had their keto pizza a few times now, and it's yet to disappoint. At $14 its a bit pricey but usually alt-diet options carry a premium and finding something that doesn't have said texture issues is well worth it.
Towards toppings i have to say all of the cheese at blaze is on-point, especially the mozza,  vegetables are fresh, meats are premium, and the fact the sub-way like approach to building your own pizza is a refreshing change of pace that lets you pile on as little or as much of each topping as you'd like.
Another little quirk is their fountain drinks eliminating straws- the lids turn them into sip-able cups in an effort to save the environment.
Suffice to say blaze pizza is a stellar experience, with good food- and  some very unique concepts behind it.
Flavor & Presentation 4/5   |   Speed & Service 4/5   |   Pricing & Portions  3/5
Overall  3.66 / 5Love this location! Food is great as always. People are super friendly. Jai was awesome today! We had a great conversation, he was very fun but professional. Need more people like Jai! :)Blake, Chris and Danny made my experience here amazing. I got my pizza quickly, they made me laugh and I'll recommend to others! Honestly all the employees here need a raise because their service and dedication is unreal!Great pizza. Shout out to Danny for making a great pie. This place is clean and the staff is great.I usually order a cesar salad and a custom pizza including red sauce, pesto sauce on the edges, mozzarella cheese, onion, spinach and diced tomatoes with the balsamic glaze at the end. The staff is incredibly friendly and super helpful. The prices are reasonable and the food is awesome. I love coming here.Gabi, Lindsay, and Shamus helped me and they were so nice! Awesome to see people interact with customers instead of acting like an assembly line of robots. They're the best!Blaze is one of the few places I would go if I'm on campus. The build your own is a must, what more can I say you get to customize your pizza! Totally recommend the pizza looks small but it'll fill you up. Nice comfortable area and also have tables outside if you wanna enjoy the weather while eating.Jai was awesome! He was working hard but still made an effort to make my visit personable and enjoyable.Tonight was my first time trying blaze since being at temple and I have nothing bad to say about it!! It reminded me exactly of a MOD pizza, I didn't see much of a difference with it. I ordered the red vine (I think?) which was the closest thing on the menu to a margherita Pizza and I just added ricotta cheese. The pizza was delicious, it came fresh out of the oven and it was cooked to the perfect temperature. 
I saw that blaze offers rewards and you get a stamp for each pizza you purchase, when you get to 10 then your pizza is free. Pretty cool, I'm going to check it out!One of the best value and most delicious pizzas around.  As other reviewers have highlighted, you simply can't beat this steal of a deal.  Make your own - choose as many toppings as you want (definitely go for the Ovalini mozzarella) - and enjoy a fresh, made to order pie that is thin, crispy, and delicious.  I prefer the red sauce with pesto on the edge, ovalini mozzarella, bacon, sausage, mushrooms, tomatoes, basil, olives, roasted garlic and arugula after the oven.  Enjoy!This review is long overdue. I came here a couple months back, but I had a great experience I have to write about.
I ordered a gluten-free pizza. I don't have a gluten allergy or anything. I just wanted to try a gluten-free pizza. I actually liked the texture. It was a little more chewy. 
Halfway through my pizza, they bring me another one because they told me mine came out small. It did? It looked fine to me. But awesome! Free pizza!!! 
I forget which toppings I got, but I don't think you can go wrong with anything here.This is by far my favorite Blaze location! The staff is super friendly and always do an amazing job with your food. Special shoutout to Jai who i believe is the manager, if not he definitely should be! Jai is truly the glue that holds this establishment together and no this is not hyperbole.This location is my favorite! Everyone is super friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating. Even when there's a line they move through it quickly and smoothly and I never feel like I have to wait forever. 
Plus, where else can I put literally anything on my pizza and be in and out in 15 mins?I LOVE this place. The pizza  is average but not at the fault of the wonderful employees. They're really fast when they fire my pizzas every time. The one lady Melissa is so good with customers and that Blake character aalways get a laugh out of me. Overall a party of a placeThe staff is always incredibly kind and quick, but I had a particularly great experience earlier tonight. When my pizza came out of the oven and they began to use the pizza cutter, I mentioned that I don't eat meat and that I would prefer a pizza cutter that hadn't touched pizza with meat on it. I should've said that way earlier- yet- they offered to make me a new pizza free of charge. It was delicious and I was so grateful for the last-minute accommodation!Anthony W. was the shift leader during our visit! He was attentive to our orders and continued great customer service even after our pizza's we finished!  I have many food allergies and I know every time I come my pizza is safe from any contamination. It is prepared quickly and with care each time! Great food, great staff, 10/10 recommend!!This place is amazing. I bought my kids with me to get  lunch and they loved it. It's very clean and the staff are amazing and super nice. Especially Shaniece!!!!! She had a conversation with my child and was extremely helpful with helping us get our order together. We will be coming back to this establishment.This place never disappoints!!! Every time I come here the staff is very polite and my order is always done right. Blake is great and he helps clear the line and get customers in and out in a hurry. I hope Blaze is around for a long time because they make my pizza life completeOrdered delivery via doordash and food came pipping hot and fresh. I got an order of their cheesy bread and one of their build your own pizza. Cheesy bread was decent. I liked how I was able to try both their spicy red sauce and regular red sauce. Both sauces were superb. For my pizza, I loaded it up with a bunch of toppings and got a cup of ranch on the side. Pizza was perfectly baked. The ranch on the side was very good (highly recommend getting it on the side if you like dunking your pizza in ranch like me). For a chain, I think Blaze makes some quality personal pies.I am not mad about this create your own pizza with unlimited topic for under $10 trend going on in Philly right now. We have Snap ($8) and more recently &pizza ($9.50). Blaze opened yesterday by Drexel University offering pizza, a few salads (skip them), and agua frescas (do not skip). Like the others, Blaze has an assembly line set up and they also promise a 2 minute cook time. The casual space has two stories with plenty of tables. 
I ordered the "red vine" pie with ovalini mozz, cherry tomatoes, with red sauce to which i added goat cheese, roasted garlic, and salami.  To offer a full comparison to Snap:  topping selection is similar but Snap offers truffle oil. Snaps pies are slightly larger and they  offers great salads, but Blaze's crust is better. Blaze has a convenient cardboard top and bottom that separate for easy eating on the go.I know blaze pizza is a chain, so this review is more about their business model rather than this specific location. This location itself is fine and a great spot for temple students. I came during a slow period, so I didn't have to wait too long to order or get my pizza. 
Blaze, as opposed to other DIY/pick your own pizzas, has a more limited menu and options. There are the suggested pizzas with the sauce and toppings already picked out for you, or you can pick your own pizza with 1 or 2 toppings. There were a decent amount of toppings to chose from, but limiting it to two was slightly disappointing. 
When it cooks, you can request any of the finishing sauces. Overall, the pizza I ordered was pretty good and it did not take too long to wait for it.Really delicious pizza ! I love how you can add so many toppings all included in one price.this place is amazing! the pizza is amazing and the service is great especially the shift leader, Anthony!! he was very welcoming and friendly!! i highly recommend this placeI really like Blaze Pizza. It's fast, it's yummy, it's a good value, and it's a really great place to have a quick and casual meal with a few friends. 
I always go for the $8.75 build your own pizza option. I always go heavy on the toppings (aka ALL THE PROTEINS AND ALL THE VEGGIES) and they don't complain at all! The service is very efficient and they always make sure to ask if you're a newcomer so they can walk you through the process. Basically like chipotle, but with pizza. All the ingredients are very fresh! 
The pizza is... surprisingly good. I really like the spicy red sauce (though do wish it was spicier), and the pesto sauce is also good. However, it ultimately does come down to the toppings but the base is good - the crust is thin and crispy and it's great right out of the oven. If you're like me, the toppings make it a little messy to eat but that's no fault but mine and my greedy ass lol. Something I think is a must get is the roasted garlic - sooo yummy!
The cookies were also super nice - warm and large and easy to share! 
The vibes are nice. It's roomy and there's a lot of tables to sit at, including an upstairs. Overall, it's somewhere to sit for a while and talk to people while enjoying your own personal pizza creation. 
tl;dr - great place to go, quick service and a lot of customization. Come here!Really good pizza and good deals. Very nice staff and a great location near the Summit on Drexel's Campus. Also quite a generous and very entertaining offer on PI (pie) day.FINALLY A BUILD YOUR OWN PIZZA ON DREXEL'S CAMPUS!
Super convenient location, super fast, and super tasty! They make the pizza exactly the way you like it, right from the base sauce to the final topping. Initially, I kept building my pizza. However, after trusting them making all my combinations right (literally went there 4 days in a row), I decided to try their signature pizzas. I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED! Definitely try their Green Stripe pizza, one of my favorites!
On top of that, the staff is always friendly and outgoing... the kind of staff every restaurant needs!Very friendly staff and management. Kevin is fantastic! They're also very accommodating for vegans and have plenty of options!Everything was perfect no complaints. I loved there pizza. Fresh ingredients and reasonably pricedAmazing pizza! Tried this place since it had an offer on caviar! And pleasantly surprised. Ordered the Link In and the Green Stripe on their high-rise dough, the crust was crispy and delicious.The pizza is pretty good. It's nice that you can customize it any way you like. My problem with this place is that they touch meat and veggies with the same gloves. The person before me ordered two sauces to be mixed together and the employee mixed the dairy sauce with the red vegan sauce spoon and then just put the vegan spoon covered with dairy back in its container instead of getting a new spoon. She just mixed it in like no one would notice. Then if someone orders meats and veggies, they use one pair of gloves to take the meat out and then put their hands into vegetable containers. Even if they offer to change gloves for you, that doesn't take away from the fact that the toppings were all touched by the same gloves. These are serious issues for people that are vegan or have food allergies and intolerances. It would make more sense to have one person do meat and one do veggies and simply not offer mixed sauces. Or to have separate spoons to put on the pizza and then one person arrange it where changing gloves would make sense! Not coming backI love their pizza. Blaze is worth the money. Blaze is really efficient. I go here when I want to get a quick bite. They are really quick even when they are awfully crowded. You can be in and out of this place in 10mins. Their decor and setting is really casual. Absolutely love this place. Their pizza pie size is just perfect for one!Yum is how I will describe our experience here.  The service was great and quick.  Price was right and everything was very fresh.
We will definitely be coming back.
I look forward to eating my leftovers and maybe my family's.
I would skip the smores pie.  it was a bit small and the cookie wasn't graham cracker enough.Stopped in for a quick bite after church with my girl.  We were welcomed and the woman at the front explained how it worked there. There are a number of options but we went with the build-your-own pizza with UNLIMITED toppings for the same price. Pizza was done in about 6mins and everyone was super friendly especially the owner. I highly recommend the pizza as it was delicious, fast, and customizable.Their pizza was okay, just ok.  If I was still a college student I can see having this place on campus, but don't expect anything gourmet
9/6/17
I am updating my review for a couple of good reasons.  First, surprisingly I was contacted by the ownership at Blaze pizza about my previous review.  I was sent two coupons to give Blaze another shot and try them out again.  Second, I had given my daughter one of those coupons....she loved it. The pizza was hot, fresh and delicious...she reluctantly gave us a slice..and it was really good.  So much so that her Aunt the next day went back and ordered another pizza with different toppings.  She couldn't wait for us to go back the following week.Their pizza was okay, just ok.  If I was still a college student I can see having this place on campus, but don't expect anything gourmetA solid pizza with some good crust. Got the simple margherita and it was exactly right. Would def eat again when the pizza cravings hitI love Blaze Pizza! They have a wide variety of fresh, high quality toppings that you can combine in near endless combinations. The crust is thin, crispy on the outside but chewy on the inside with the perfect amount of bite, and super flavorful. Prices are reasonable for what you get and I would highly recommend Blaze to anyone.Traveling thru from Cleveland so we had to check out LBJ's spot. Great food, quick service, and good atmosphere with all of the college students.Good stuff! I love that I get to determine what goes on my pizza and how much of it goes on. Great price. The dough is the best. The pesto sauce is a must. The original person helping was awesome, but somehow another lady jumped in and her attitude was blah. Not sure why she jumped in since things were going fine with the first one. Either way- good lunch place.It took me a while to find the right pizza for me, but once I got it down, I get nothing but the Red Vine with Pepperoni and Mushroom now. The people here are thoughtful, like to chat, and make damn good pizza. I had a pizza made by a guy named Lil recently, and that thing was so beautiful it could've been in a museum.It took me a while to find the right pizza for me, but once I got it down, I get nothing but the Red Vine with Pepperoni and Mushroom now. The people here are thoughtful, like to chat, and make damn good pizza. I had a pizza made by a guy named Lil recently, and that thing was so beautiful it could've been in a museum. Also, there's a girl there (whose nametag I think says "KS") who is probably the nicest person in the world.I walked into blaze pizza really hungry after a long day at work. When I walked in I wasn't sure where to order so I just got behind the woman in front of me. It was about 5 workers and not one of them helped me or asked if I wanted anything. Other guy walked in after me and they asked him what he wanted and started to make his food. I was so upset that I didn't even want anything anymore and left.I absolutely love their pizzas!! We usually go for the custom made ones and I love how we can make it healthy with so many options for veggies. The reason I give it 3 stars is because 2 out of the 3 times my husband and I have been to the Lancaster Avenue location, the staff has been really rude to us. First time we encountered this was with the manager herself. My husband even put it across to her that he wasn't really liking her attitude. And then again yesterday we went 20 minutes before closing time and the guy making the pizza was not welcoming at all and actually seemed annoyed (may be because we went in around closing time). But then, I don't think it was a crime, like hello, we are there well before the closing time and that's your job. How the hell can you show that pissed off face. Is that what you call a good customer service in Blaze's terms? They are so harsh and sound as if they are obliging us. The worst customer service I have experienced until now.The service was pretty quick, and they have a wide variety of toppings on the pizza. Me and a friend tried two of their signature style pizzas, and we weren't disappointed. The pizza could have been a little more flavorful -- we put tons of chili flakes and garlic, but overall it was pretty good for the price and service.Probably one of the best pizza places I have seen in a while. It actually feels like there's work into the pizza even though most don't.It has a great variety of toppings from mushrooms all the way to salad.The service is great,The people are very interactive and talk to you. That is what I love about this pizza place.Pizza is delicious, especially if you take the time to build your perfect blend. The preset pizzas they have are great and the simple pie is, and will continue to be, the best. The drinks offered are a refreshing set of options, especially the blood orange lemonade. Staff was super friendly on every single visit I've made. First of the Blaze/Pieology places I've seen in University City, definitely my spot for pizza because it's so convenient. Only downside is that sometimes it gets pretty busy and the line turns into a 20 minute wait but if you have a lick of patience you'll be fine.Get those BOGO coupons while they last because it's a great deal. Great service, a decent variety of toppings (I have seen better at SNAP), and the pesto drizzle at the end make this worth a visit. You can always check out the upstairs for more seating but I doubt you'll need it and the natural light downstairs is more pleasant imho.This place is great for fast convenient customized pizza. They have some specialty pizzas to chose from or you can create your own for about $9. The pizza doesn't take long to make. They are similar to a place called MOD pizza but the crust in my opinion is a little better here at blaze. The options here are great, fresh toppings, sauces, and garnishes to make your special creations. 
Going during a lunch rush takes more time obviously. Ordering an hour before closing time, they put the salad away and rush to make your pizza, when I ordered mine for take out I had to put it back in the oven at my house :(
Even with that one "to be desired" experience I will still come back.Great first visit at Blaze Pizza today. 
Visiting University City we stopped in for a quick bite. Mickey greeted and Dan delivered;  great service and good food. 
We are sure to visit again next time.Literally the best. Not just the franchise but this location's staff! My card declined (although I deposited $70 two nights before) and I had $5 left to owe. Lil, my cashier, took care of it and told me not to worry. I felt so relieved that there are still workers like this, workers who put the interest of their customers first. Best food, best service, and the best people! Thank you again, Lil!I could eat this every week, it's SO good. It's also incredibly quick!! And their blood red lemonade is amazing!The place was awesome! The line was legit around the cornor.  The food was served fast and each employee had excellent customer service skills... And the pizza was delicious!!!It was just okay, not as good as the location in Disney.  The staff weren't the best and the whole experience was just lacking.  The pizza's came out okay, but maybe we were just spoiled by the Disney Springs location.  We had three pizzas and a caesar salad.  The pizzas came out a little longer than expected and weren't as crispy as we thought they would be, but they were still good.  The caesar was plentiful and well dressed, not too dry or soggy.Blaze pizza is the best pizza in town.I enjoy the pizza and customer service I received a employee named T seems to know how to treat people which seems to be lost in a lot of places these days .Crispy crust and healthy ingredients. Definitely better than all other make your own pizza places I've been to.The pizzas are awesome, but there's one attendant that is just being very rude, and that happened twice. Maybe Blaze should really consider who to hire.I live in this building over 7 months, but today I tried the first time. Pretty good pizza, and a little tricky, cause no matter tops I added, the price is still the same. So mine got everything and I even can't answer my roommate when she asked me what kind of pizza I ordered, cause it's literally everything.This is the best pizza ever! The vegetables are always fresh and you can customize the pizza whichever way you want. The employees are also always very welcoming- especially Dan, who goes above and beyond to put a smile on your face. I came here twice this week and there probably will be a third time!People who work here are always super friendly! Affordable, unlimited toppings, and pretty good signature pizzas (I love the Art Lover)Unbelievable. Ordered through yelp online, for delivery. Paid the ridiculous $4.99 delivery fee just because I'm juggling two hungry preteens, and I didn't want to run out. Delivery is more than 20 minutes late (from "Door Dash.") Yelp says to call the restaurant for delivery issues. I call - get stuck in an endless loop of a recording that says "press 3 to speak to the restaurant" and every time I press 3, I go back to the beginning of the recording; I try again, finally get past the recording, only to get sent to another recording that says the number's not available.
I have no idea what this pozza tastes like - because I never tasted it. But "Blaze" should maybe not be the name. Maybe "Laze?"
- Follow up. It took an hour, arrived cold. Dough is chewy, not crisp. Sauce is ok. Mozz is fine. Artichokes are tasty. Pepperoni is nice - a little bite to em, which is good. Maybe better if you walk in.Great service at Blaze. Dan and the rest of the team delivery awesome customer service. The food is always fresh and top-notch here. I love the option to build my own pizza with high quality ingredients and super friendly workers.Nice pizza. Reasonable price. I like that you can build your own pizza here.Pizza is fresh and beyond delicious. Great thin-crust pizza with a selection of signature recipes.Great pizza- super fast. Blaze Pizza nails this. It's set up "assembly line" style. For around $8.50 you can design your own personal pizza with whatever and however many toppings you want on it. They have all fresh ingredients and many choices. I decided to do a white pizza with mozzarella, parmesian and buffalo mozzarella. Topped with pepperoni, grape tomatoes, basil and roasted garlic. They loaded this thing. Off it goes into the oven ASAP. 5 minutes later your name is called and you walk out with a piping hot- right out of the oven pizza. When I tell you that this was an excellent pizza- I am not exaggerating. Delicious. If you're looking for somewhere to have a quick lunch or a quick and easy dinner, this is a great option.Ohhh YUM! Thin crust made to order, awesome service quick friendly and clean.  Definitely will make this a regular stop to satisfy the pizza cravings.The service is always superb and i love the white top pizza! 10/10 would go again bc i always go  i live right above the restaurant and it's a lovely location for college students in the university city at philly. the service is also really fast so i get my food when i'm hangry :) yes.I love Blaze. You can choose from a menu selection or build your own individual pizza from an assembly line style. There are many toppings to choose and you can ask for as much or as little as you would like. I love how it is served on a thin crust and that It is baked in a very hot oven so it is served up quickly!Delicious pizza with so many options and amazing customer service definitely check them out WARNING IT CAN BE ADDICTING it's so good !!Great place for a personalized bite.  The staff is very attentive and friendly. The pizza crust is amazing and the different sauces keep me coming back.  When you visit them make sure you try the different flavored lemonades. They are all very refreshing. Overall the whole experience was quite refreshing.The best pizza near Drexel and Penn campus! Always get great service from the staff. I really miss it now that I've graduated!I went to Blaze during one of their promotional for $5 pizza unlimited toppings on Tuesday. Absolutely delicious pizza, I had mozzarella, red sauce, italian sausage, pepperoni and ranch. I'd definitely recommend Blaze, if you're looking for pizza, but it's definitely a little expensive if you like toppings.(to the tune of "(I just) Died in Your Arms" by Cutting Crew)
Oh, I... just want pie in my mouth tonight
(It must be something my tummy said)
Pizza pie in my mouth tonight....
In this area, there's something I can't get
Sandwiches are all around me
But sometimes you just need a thin and crispy crust....
The line may look long, but trust me they're able
To crank out those pies, FASTER THAN A SABLE!
Who would've thought, 90 seconds to make a pie like this?
Oh, I... just want pie in my mouth tonight
(It must be something my tummy said)
Pizza pie in my mouth tonight....
Oh, I... just want pie in my mouth tonight
(It's not gourmet but it does the trick)
ANd I won't walk away.... this pizza saved my day!
It's not fancy, and it's not something to split (unless it's two not-very-hungry folks). But it's fast, it's affordable, and it's customizable. The employees are sweet and attentive, and they work as a team. The crust, IMHO, is better than other "fast customized pizza" spots I've tried, though the sausage topping is not my favorite.
Pro tip: get the spicy sauce. It took a fairly basic pie to the next level of tasty base. I typically go for the most flavorful toppings possible to get the most bang out of my buck. The fresh mozzarella is on point, and a necessary addition to any pie.
Brought coworkers, we all agree: welcome addition to the neighborhood, we'll be back.The service here is always really friendly and ready to serve you. Even if there's a long line, it's not a long wait to get your personalized pizza.
If you're a fan of thin crust, then this is the place for you. You can order one of the signature combinations that have pre-selected toppings, or create your own. 
Its a great place for a quick bite! I always find myself coming back when I'm in the mood for pizza.
After you receive your pizza, they have a whole station of sriracha, oregano, Parmesan and hot pepper flakes to personalize your pizza even more.The place was nice and they have good service. I feel like they rush through your order and they don't completely bake the pizza properly! MAKE SURE you tell them well doneThe customer service here is phenomenal! The staff greet you with a smile and the atmosphere is welcoming, which makes you want to continue patronizing the business. The pizza is delicious and I absolutely love the Blood Orange Lemonade! DEFINITELY the best pizza that I have had in a very long time!!Downloaded the App. Ordered 6 Drexel special pizzas for a group. Showed up and no one was watching the printer so no one made my food. Really!  And getting the gluten free I ordered was tuff.Very good Pizza, loved being able to customize my own pizza! Very fast service, and high quality. Wished the pizzas were a little bit bigger.Great pizza and awesome service! Came here with some friends during work and we all got custom pizzas. All of the employees call you by name, you get tons of options for toppings, and the prices were great. Plenty of seating on two floors and the friendliest people work here too. Shout out to Juan! Thanks!The pizza isn't bad BUT the service is HORRIBLE. It is impossible to call the actual store when they mess up an order. We got 3 pizzas delivered to work and one of them had cheese when it was ordered without cheese due to dietary needs. We tried calling multiple times and can only speak to a call center. After asking for a refund I was put on hold for 10 minutes only to be disconnected. After calling several more times, we still haven't gotten a refund. We will not order from here anymore.Blaze Pizza is truly iconic. An unlimited-topping pizza for $8.75? ICONIC! Thank you to Dan and the other employees (sorry, wish I'd caught their names!) for elevating the experience by providing excellent customer service with their friendliness and efficiency. Always get the roasted garlic.Great place for pizza.. workers are superb friendly and awesome.. I would definitely recommend here, if you like pizza.. less crust and more topping, wood fried what not.. great place ..For fast pizza, twas a lovely experience. Was slightly more than three minutes, but a vegan pie, with lots of cheese and an alright price was worth it. I've had &pizza before, and they compare in many ways, but I like the proportions here better. It's all covered in cheese, the crust is small, and there are more options for the finishes (pesto, oil, balsamic vinegar etc). 
Place has two floors, pretty huge. Came in and immediately was able to order, and the no-bars on toppings was dope. Might have to try the salads as well, but I think this is now my favorite last-minute pizza option in my hood.
Update: My next time here wasn't so swell. Pizza was very burnt, with the "roasted" garlic actually burnt as well, extremely bitter overall. I walked my pizza home, so I didn't get a chance to ask to see what they could do. I wonder if they would've made me a new pizza.Go to Blaze for cheap pizza made exactly the way you like it. They have a good selection of toppings, sauces, and crusts. You can even divide your pizza to get different toppings on different parts. It's like getting two or more pizzas in one (: the last time I got my usual spicy pepperoni pineapple on half and on the other I tried a pesto version with veggies and goat cheese. Everything is good quality so it tastes fantastic. My only aside is be careful of your combinations. I have been here three times and once I ordered a pizza I did not end up liking because of how the toppings tasted together - they have pizzas on the menu if you don't know where to start, and start more modest imo to avoid getting something with too many flavors going on! 
The crust gets nice and crisp in the super hot oven, and the whole thing is done in just minutes. Unlimited toppings for 8.99!!DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! The pizza was super bland and they rush you through your order. I created my own pizza and asked for extra shredded mozzarella but barely had any cheese on my pizza. The pizzas are super pricey compared to a lot of pizza places in the area. I definitely will not be coming back. The crust was super thin and my pizza tasted somewhat burnt. I was highly disappointed. The pizza looked delicious but tasted super bland. Don't be fooled by looks guys!Wanted some solid pizza, margarita style pizza so I got the red vine....seemed to good to be true for the price....and it was. Sauce...tasted like it was out of a can..dough....undercooked...texture and composure.... watery from the tomatoes. Maybe I should guide them a little more when putting it together.Ordered take out from Blaze, the pizza was good for a build your own. Small personal size and a very thin crust (which is my favorite). I'd go here again in a pinch but it's not something I would crave. They also have a nutrition calculator online which I did really like:I have loved Blaze Pizza for some time now. Pizza is a go to meal, but I have to be in the mood. No matter where I am in the world if I see a Blaze Pizza, I'm there! There are so many vegan options and yummy toppings. There is a new vegan spicy chorizo that you all have to try!! my favorite thing to do is order a pizza with every single vegetarian topping that they have. Download the app for coupons and free drinks and to earn points! 
Contents of my pizza : Build Your Own 
Pesto & Spicy Red sauce 
Vegan Spicy Chorizo
Kalamata Olives 
Roasted Garlic 
Roasted Brussel Sprouts 
Sweet Green Peppers
Jalapeos 
Artichokes
Mushrooms 
Fresh Basil
Red Onions
Oregano & Sea Salt 
Arugula & Balsamic GlazeStopped into Blaze for the first time last night and the pizza was super yummy. My girlfriend was pumped to see gluten free dough and the staff was friendly/helpful walking us through choices. Great spot in West Philly!Loved this place! It's like sweetgreen for pizza! Fast friendly service and a personalized pizza with anything you'd enjoy on top! Location was clean and I really can't wait to go again!I love the concept of this place--basically a make your own pizza joint with fresh and yummy ingredients. While they have signature pizzas, I would definitely recommend the create your own. With unlimited toppings, it's definitely worth the price. I like to go with the regular crust (they have high rise and gluten free available) and the spicy tomato sauce. For toppings, I would recommend the roasted garlic--so yummy! Don't forget to ask for a finish once the pizza is cooked. I go with the basic olive oil drizzle. Overall, great place, will be back for sure.Blaze has become one of my new favorite places to eat at. 
Location- this location is almost never packed. I am in and out with my pizza within 10-15 minutes. Parking is usually pretty good around there. 
Staff- the staff here is extremely friendly. I go there pretty often and the employees always recognize me and make conversation- which is something I appreciate when it comes to customer service. 
Food- If you haven't been here, this is the equivalent of Chipotle but for pizzas. You go down the line and pick your sauce, cheeses, and ingredients. The toppings bar is always fully stocked and the ingredients are fresh. I pretty much get the same pizza every time. It's amazing that I can get all the ingredients that I want on my pizza for just $8.25. Everyone can get what they want for a low price. If you decide to dine in and you don't finish your pie, they have cute half boxes were you can place the rest of your pizza and take it home. They have a fresh water station that I tend to skip out on because they are extremely sweet.This was one of my favorite pizza spots on campus but I'm so disappointed in the service I received.
I ordered online at 5:20 PM, went to pick it up at 5:30 PM when it would be ready. when I got there the cashier told me to wait cus it's being prepared. After 20 minutes, it's still not ready so I asked her if it's being prepped. Then she said she never got the order and continued to ignore me. The entire crew knew what was going on but nobody wanted to help. Finally I asked the manager what to do and he disappeared in the back for like 15 minutes. I showed them the confirmation email and the charge on my credit card. Still nothing, so I just left. Although the food is good I will never ever ever be returning. After trying to reach Blaze customer service on multiple social media platforms and by email, all I got were the same generic responses. Finally filed a chargeback with my bank!Delicious pizza and salad. It definitely on my lunch time list. The arugula and strawberry salad was excellent  with the basalmic drizzle.After posting my previous review, someone from Blaze contacted me and resolved the issue. I really appreciate them reaching out, so I will be returning again!Like the pizza, but have experienced issues with the service. The first few times I ordered from Blaze at this location, everything was great. The last two occasions have been less than ideal.
The first time I experienced an issue was a few weeks ago when I took a friend from out of town. We ordered online and when we arrived at our pickup time, the food wasn't ready yet. Not a big deal, but when it was ready about 10 minutes late, there was half a pizza missing from the order. So they had to hurry up and make that pizza. While that was happening our other food was just sitting there getting cold. They didn't keep it warm, or offer to make it new with the other half pizza. So by the time we got home, the other food was not hot anymore. And you know these pizzas don't hold their heat due to how thin they are compared to other pizzas. Lastly, there was arugula missing from White Top pizza that was a part of that order.
Just last night, we decided to order online again. We arrived on time, but our pizzas weren't ready and didn't seem to be in the oven either. After someone called my name, there was another customer with the same name, and his order was ready. This at least alarmed the guy working that I was waiting on an online order, but he said the order was going in the oven just then. While this was happening, our two pepperoni pizzas were actually sitting next to him. After waiting another 10 minutes, I asked about our order and he said it was put in when I alerted him about it. After another 5 minutes or so, he grabbed the two pepperoni pizzas that had been sitting there getting cold and put them in a box and gave them to me.
Hopefully, they can get better at fulfilling their orders correctly and on time.Stopped by to grab some pies for a company event. The manager and staff threw 8 custom pies down like magic. Great selection of toppings, sauce, crusts, and finishing touches like Arugula and olive oil. A defintely spot to frequent. Portions are good and filling, a good buy!Blaze pizza is the best! I'm a student on campus and it's an easy go to. The service is great, pretty quick and consistent in quality. I like that the ingredients are always fresh.On the seventh day he said "let there be pizza" And from the heavens descended Blaze Pizza upon University city.  Wow, this place RULES! Seriously was just there this evening, sooo stoked to find a place that's open daily until 11pm, LOVE this places hours!  
 This really is a PURE GENIUS concept and I give all the employees a ton of credit for keeping the place running. Got very stoned before I went in, honestly felt obligated to get blazed hence the name blaze and had the pleasure of having Beth provide very positive assistance dressing up the pizza like its going to the prom and a guy named Lil cooking it to ultimate perfection and doing the honors of the Balsamic Drizzle at the end! Yes, they have Balsamic Drizzle as an option and it won over my lonely heart very very fast.  What blew my mind is the unlimited virtually endless possibilities in the pizza toppin department and best of all, they don't charge $1 or $2 for extra toppings or multiple toppings, its all-inclusive with the price, ill get to how great that is later.  
 My thin crust build-a-pizza was so awesome, did  barbeque chicken with grilled onions ,bacon, and more grilled onions and bacon and some grilled garlic cloves and 4 different cheeses, it was all very thrilling and Beth did a terrific job of symmetrical placement on the pie.  Went to the very clean restroom and when I exited the pizza was already fired and ready to eat, very cool how fast the pie cooks.  The pie was delicious, loved the sauce, the cheese was perfect, and they even coated the crust with this amazing sea salt which really takes it to another level.  The combo of grilled onions, bacon, balsamic drizzle, like come on, you wish you were me and you know it.  
 Finally I can't speak enough about how great the price is. Under $10 and you get seeerious value for your dollar.  It's really nice because honestly I have been hurtin financially and unable to afford my all time fav pizza in the city (hint, hint, Birra) and this is such an exceptional alternative since Zavinos $16 pies are way too pricey for what you get and Zestos keeps closing early around 9pm and that sucks and their pizza is decent but nowhere near as great as Blaze.  
Burn baby Burn Blaze, I'll be back and back again and back some more, this place is 100% Mr.Oz approved!I really loved my experience at Blaze!
I ordered the Build-Your-Own option and from the staff member who built my pizza to the staff member who fired the pizza and everyone in between I was treated with awesome costumer service. I was asked how my day was, if I wanted more than one cheese, etc. etc. 
What I really love about Blaze though is that the pizza tastes great and it's reasonably healthy. I follow Weight Watchers and you can have a slice for around 3-4 Smart Points. This is a good value since most pizza is around 10 Smart Points per slice. 
I came on a Saturday around noonish and the place was empty. I'm assuming given that it is located on Drexel's Campus and near Penn that the wait would be much longer on a weekday.They are so awesome for giving out pizza and they have vegan options yay finally!!! They even offer to change their gloves for you when making the vegan pizza. It's also just really fun to make your own!For a franchise pizza shop I was very impressed with this place. I enjoyed a one topping pizza which was reasonably priced and cooked to a nice crispiness. The ratio of sauce, cheese, and topping were very generous and the ability to customize your pizza is the big selling point. I liked the thin crust aspect. I got there a little before lunchtime and had no wait, but while sitting and enjoying my pizza I watched the line go all the way to the door. They move pretty quickly, but it's still quite a wait if you get there at peak hour. I think the seating options are a little limited too. I will definitely be back.Great pizza, great service dan and company is always very accomodating! I live around here and have been here a couple of times and the service and atmosphere is always excellentAs I entered through the large glass door I was thinking 'wow another big sports player invested in a restaurant, it probably is alright.' To my surprise the service was great and I was addressed by name and the workers were very polite. I was also taken back by the pricing 6.75 for a one topping pizza seems too cheap and when I asked if it was a typo they replied with a startling, "no." Now I thought, time to wait 30 minutes for a personal pizza and by the time I got my sprite it was done, I was amazed. The other thought that went through my mind was 'is it under cooked' and when I saw it I could tell it was well done perfectly. Then started the fun part, taking the first bite. The pepperoni pizza melted in my mouth like a large glass of WaWa chocolate milk (only those who like chocolate mile can relate) anyway, it was fantastic and the thin crust was great. Overall for the price and service I can't recommend another pizza restaurant.