Bok Bar has amazing views, but I was a little disappointed by the menu. All of the beers are canned and there aren't many food options. I was also expecting more games/activities, but there weren't any. If you live in the area, it's a convenient hangout area, but it definitely isn't worth the journey if you aren't within walking distance.Friendly staff, great beer/wine selection and rotating chefs!
On Sundays, dogs are allowed:)
Such a cool scene, shaded areas and misters available for those wanting to stay out of the sun!Shawn the bartender was super knowledgeable about the wine selection and helped me choose a wine to compliment my watermelon salad, which was also awesome! Great views, food and drinksThe view will take your breath away. Incredible. Beers were a bit expensive ($50 for 5 cans) but when we went on Thursday, August 9 the crowd was relaxed and it wasn't super crowded. We had planned to stay for one round just to see the skyline but the music was great and the crowd relaxed so we stayed for 2. Had a great time. Defiantly a good place to bring out of town guests.Hip spot in South Philly on top of the now closed Bok Vocational School. Beautiful building, loved walking through the school hallways and past the auditorium to the elevators. Have been 2x's, first visited with the kids, they allow children on Sundays noon-6, we had lunch and enjoyed the view. Visited again at night for drinks, great spot!Unusually located Beer Garden atop an abandoned school.  Free parking in lot across the street.  I went for a sponsored event early on a Wednesday evening, and had no clue we were heading for the roof. Cool!  The view of is expansive and amazing, from the 8th floor rooftop. Since it was still light we could see everything from NJ to the western suburbs.
 Didn't have a drink, the food menu extremely limited but portion and quality decent for the price. They were very accomodating on my gluten free food request.  We were there on the early side so seating was ample. Also cool use of former school desks put together as tables. It opened in March the owner told me. What an awesome idea!  They also took the time to decorate walls of the elevator with site history.Amazing view of the city! Loved coming to this bar although it was very far away from center city. The food was subpar and pretty expensive for what it was, but the drinks and the views made up for it! The bar area is very expansive so there is tons of room for everyone to enjoy the view & the atmosphere!This is one of my favorite places to visit when I'm visiting the city. It's a little on the pricy side ($6-$8 for a 12 oz bottle of 6% beer) but the view is worth it. It's on the roof of an old school and has the perfect view of the Philadelphia skyline. I recommend visiting at least once.Best part of my visit to Philadelphia. This rooftop "bar" has beer and wine, as well as a great dance scene. Don't leave Philadelphia without checking this place out. It's worth the cover!I was having so much fun at Bok Bar I didn't want to interrupt it with writing a review. It's a gorgeous view, sunset is bananas. I love my city and it looks awesome from Bok Bar. 
My cliff notes...
1. No smoking on the rooftop. Take the slow ass elevator (yes that's singular) downstairs and go back outside to the curb. Lame
2. No cocktails or liquor. Beer and Wine is sooo 12th grade.
3. What happened to the menu? It went from Asian fusion to Country club poolside snacks. Shrug just sell cafeteria classics. 
Despite the little flaws I'm excited to get back next summerThis place was definitely overrated. I had high hopes for the concept but everything was way too pricey (we are in south philly - let's get real), and food was small portions and also overpriced for what it was. Concept of cans is weird given part of the place feels like it's striving for a higher end feel. It's a one time go-to.Bok lived up to the hype!  Vibe is chill & trendy.  Best view of the city skyline.  Prices for food/drinks were reasonable. We stayed until they kicked us out at 1AM.  We WILL be back.4stars only because the chicken was a bit salty. Sorry guys. Other than that it was great being my first time and all!!! Atmosphere is very casual. All of the staff were friendly and approachable. It's one of the schools closed down in philly. So you walk thru the school, take an elevator to the roof. Food & drinks to the left. Chairs & tables all over. Very open to walk about. Don't be shy, TAKE PICTURES!! I went on a Sunday evening, and there were kids and dogs. Spoke to one of the staff, was told that both are allowed only on Sundays, not bad at all. Plan on bringing my nieces & nephews here on a Sunday. Just a cool place to relax and take in the view. I think there were games for kids but not sure. Highly recommended if you just wanna be casual relaxing with a beer on a rooftopFinally I got to check out this Bok Bar I've heard so much about! We had dinner reservations nearby in South Philly and really wanted a rooftop bar to check out, so this one fit the bill!  We arrived shortly after 6pm opening time and there was already a line--- obviously a good sign.  the line moved quickly after a brief ID check and a little wait for the elevator. 
Once we got up to the 8th floor, i was impressed with the size of the place, and the VIEW!  Pics dont really do it justice, in my opinion.  We also lucked out with perfect rooftop weather making the whole experience fantastic.  Its a huge space, with 2 large bars on either end, so despite a busy evening, there was little or no wait at the bar. They have a decent list of beer and wine but no liquor -- my only complaint.
There are a variety of seating options up there, from a weird lunch table thing to Adirondack chairs and some contraption made of wood and pool noodles, I think. The experience walking through the school was interesting and different, and the bathrooms were a total throwback. 
overall- i will 100% return. 
Vegetarian food BONUS - they have a few menu items and ALL of them can be made vegetarian.  I should probably return that star lost for no liquor for this one. maybe i will once I actually try the food!Came for drinks after dinner in a Friday night. The entrance was confusing but we made it up (after some pretty impressive ID check). There can be a line for the elevator but it moves pretty fast. They have a good selection of wine, beers, and ciders and although we were stuffed the menu was enticing. Great views of the city are the highlight. The crowd is very hip and on the younger side. It was pretty full when we went (10pm) but it never felt crowded or overwhelming. It's a great place to take visitors but I don't know if I'd choose Bok Bar for a regular bar.Pretty nice. It was great to go on a September night on a Sunday, as it was breezy and laid-back. The scallion pancake was great, and I enjoyed the champagne. All in all a chill atmosphere once I got past it being an old school and that feeling of "I am drinking champagne on the top of a school building". I grew up not very far from here, so yeah, it was kind of a bittersweet feeling.  But the skyline is very beautiful here and you get a great view.Nothing matters but the view and good drinks! Sunday's have a pretty cool vibe as well, dogs are welcome!I finally made it here after hearing about it for 2 summers. I have to say, the view was awesome. Everything you hear about. It was a bit more crowded than I was expecting for Labor Day Weekend, but the weather was perfect. The wine I had was delish. I didn't get to the food, but overall it was a great experience. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that I think there should be more seating to give it more of a lounge feel and I also feel that the bathrooms were disgusting and they could definitely step up their game on that.... Big time.Such a cool view. Too bad it's seasonal and only open in the warmer months. But it's entirely outside so understand. Try to come before sunset so you can grab chairs by the railing and watch the sunset/admire the city. Had the grapefruit seltzer which was quite good and a philly brew. They have cans of beer, wine and the like and a small selection of food like hummus and veggies. Would recommend.Amazing place to go with friends and family. I was surprised that this place use to be a public school. Very interesting! Anyway I didn't got to try there food last night I went. I was full already so I just grab a can of beer and enjoy the view from the rooftop. Definitely will come back day and night sometimes in the future.This is by far one of the best rooftop bars in the city.  The venue is actually the roof of what used to be a high school.  You enter and walk through the school and go up an elevator which has a months worth of events posted all over the walls inside.
Once you get to the roof the view is amazing.  At night, you can see the whole city lit up across the horizon.  
It was a Friday night and opening weekend, but thankfully wasn't too crowded.  There was no wait to get in.  I came with a group of about 10 people and there was plenty of space and seating for us.
They have two bars where you can order beer and wine.  The prices range is around $7-10 for each drink.  They carry various of bottled/canned beer and serve wine in plastic cups.  I ordered a Max Fox 360 IPA, which had a nice hoppy and full body taste.
Come to Bok Bar if you want a really cool "I'm in the city" feeling.Great (amazing) views and affordable drinks, but literally saw several LARGE cockroaches crawling around my feet and on the walls.  Other patrons were picking their feet up off the floor to avoid roaches touching their feet.Poor customer service - ended up talking to the manager after an incident with the customer service.  Multiple members of the the staff were rude and lied to my face.  Kind of poor experience given all the hype - not worth the trip.Let's be honest, the view is the main course here. People watching is top notch too. If it gets too hot, simply plant yourself next to the people sprinklers...or have another drink. Did I mention the view?Great place to grab a drink but not for food...all the food sucked. I never had salty hummus before.  Great view2009 music + awkward crowd = bad use of a good space.
Either this place needs to hire a Dj or hire someone to resign the space. There are 4-5 plants that are dying and and large awkward space between seats. I'm not sure what they were going for but my friends and I had a drink and quickly decided this wasn't a fun place to hang out.
It's also a shame that this beautiful view of the skyline is going to waste.
Hopefully by next year they can fix these issues and draw a more diverse crowded.
Gentrifiers very welcome!- located on top of high school 
- best views of Philly 
- hipster vibe 
- nice selection of beers and wine only 
- plenty of open spaces to sit
- you can bring your dog and kids on Sunday's 
Only neg part is that food sucked compared to the prices you're paying.No one will tell you to, but you best read the walls of the elevator lest a bouncer may walk up to you and say "thanks for the leave" which means in bouncer speak that he's kicked you out. The elevator walls are the only place rules are posted. 
Great views. Poor communication by staff to patrons. 
They close out your tab after every transaction.Get there before the summer ends.  Or don't, what do I care?
Bok Bar's excellence is in it's simplicity.  On the roof of a closed down school, they have built a simple bottle bar.  Very nice views of the city and the sunset, the selection of beer and wine isn't bad considering they are just working out of a few refrigerators, and you can even get a bite to eat.  
I tasted the tofu banh mi.  It was okay, while not my favorite, I'll forgive that when I am sitting 8 stories up with a view.  The fried banana was very good, and tasted even better when it cooled down a little and some of the caramelization crunchified.  
Good music, chill vibe, lot's of seating, friendly enough staff.  You can pay by card with an ipad.  A nice, simple business model.  I hope they do more interesting stuff with this building.WOW. This place is incredible. For a beautiful (and affordable) night out, you can't beat these incredible views. I was blown away by how much they've improved the space since last summer, adding decking to the roof and making the bars more permanent. It truly looks incredible, plus you have the entire skyline view to enjoy!!
The bartenders are very friendly and helpful to make recommendations. Beer and wine only, but that's fine with me! The prices are what you would expect, nothing outrageous. The music here is always great too!
I can't say enough about this spot. I tell everyone I meet to go here!!Really nice view of the city of Philadelphia and cool bar on the top of the roof but the beer is garbage and they are charging $6 a beer which is ridiculous for an IPA. By the way as far as beers go everything on the menu is IPA. So if you like lagers, pilsners and stouts you won't find it here. Food Is terribly bad too. It's more of a place were hipsters with no tastebuds go to. The only thing good about this place is the view that's about. Can't wait until this place has a new owner. Crossing my fingers for a hookah lounge/bar by Arab owners.5 Stars for one of the coolest bars I've ever experienced. It's on top of an old school. That's hard to beat, guys.
We pulled up to the address on Yelp and found ourselves standing in front of a dark, abandoned school. I immediately thought we were victims of a cruel prank. We had asked a random guy on the street for his favorite bar and he mentioned a bar on the roof of an old school. We might as well have bought tickets to the "secret pool on the roof" of our middle school... But at second glance, the sign on the doors said to walk around to the other side for entrance.
After having our IDs checked at the door we waited for our turn on the elevator. It was weirdly exhilarating being in the dark, empty hallways of the old school. It was either going to be amazing or we were all walking into a horror movie scenario.
Walking out onto the roof, it was clearly going to be awesome. The view of the city was unbelievable, it wasn't too crowded (because it was huge and only a week old), the bartender was relaxed and friendly, and the drinks were reasonably priced (beer and wine). We wandered around and each one of us commented about how we wished there was a bar like this in our city. 
But possibly my favorite part of this crazy-awesome concept was the bathrooms. They are the same as when it was a school and that means the stall doors are tiny and super short. Is it awkward? Oh yeah. Is it also kind of awesome? M-hm.Fantastic view of the city skyline and affordable drinks. The wait to go upstairs was pretty long, but it just depends on when you get there. It's definitely a unique experience worth checking out. The crowd is younger and there isn't a long wait for drinks at the bar since there are two (one at each end of the roof).The view is amazing . The dumplings were delicious and all the seating was pretty cool. We heard we should go back for Sunday Funday. Go early because it gets crowded!This place is awesome for a night out in the summer. The most beautiful views of the city are on this rooftop. It looks very deceiving from the outside that you are entering into a school, but it works for their secret bar vibe. I will be back when it gets warm again!This rooftop is soooooooooo cool! Omg! 
I came here twice, once with my friend just to see it and once on a date & I just love the concept of it so much. The view is amazing; you can see all of south philly + the center city skyline + parts of jersey + the ben franklin bridge IM LITERALLY GETTING EXCITED JUST THINKING BACK ON IT LOL. Its in an old school building which is so cool and it really stands out for that. Theres nothing fancy or bougie about it and I love that about it too because I feel like rooftops in the city have a more stuck up feel but not Bok. I haven't tried their food but I will one day because I'm definitely going back. 
The bar is only beer and wine which is another awesome part about it (I don't feel like you need liquor up here, its a more chill vibe)  and it's fairly priced. A bottle of prosecco is about 45$ which pours about 5 glasses (they use plastic cups), btwn 2 people that is really not bad. If you went anywhere else you'd rack up at least 70$ for a bottle. Also there is so much space you could literally run around (unfortunately we are adults & this is not acceptable). 
ANYWAY ! Come here! At least once while it's still hot out! It is amazing! The onlyyyy thing that sucks is there is no indoor space & only one bar to the far left but you could have a sick party up here. 
Omg also the playlist both times I went was so good. There was no live DJ but I didn't care because whatever spotify station was on was awesome lol.Great atmosphere , breathe taking views and good beer. What else could you ask for. The seating is a little limited but definitely worth the wait.Bok Bar is a sensational seasonal rooftop bar in Philly! A transformed elementary school to rooftop bar during the summer months, Bok Bar has managed to generate a lot of hype and interest from parties of all ages. 
Nothing feels like it's summertime more than drinking on the rooftop of an old school with magnificent sweeping views of the Philly skyline with a good crowd. From only the 6th floor up, you're able to see the full skyline on both sides of the river. 
The rooftop has two bars on either end of the long open patio and can likely hold 250 people but it never feels that crowded given they run a tight ship on the ground floor (one in, one out). 
They offer some light bar food/appetizers but the real draw is their beer menu. They probably have every local beer brewed with 50 miles of Philadelphia. The majority of the beers are also seasonal and hit the spot as you're watching the setting sun. Not much of a cocktail list so I hope you like beer!Opened yesterday. Get it right Yelp! ;)
Hoping it's not super crowded because yesterday was the opening night. Come out and enjoy south Phillys highest bar!Much love to the two Asian homies (probably my cousins) outside of John's Water Ice who both recommended this joint (which we corroborated with Yelp), because Bok Bar, undoubtedly, is the greatest establishment in the history of mankind. 
Forget the speakeasy in that one neighborhood with the sublime hipster interior yet pretentious mixologists selling year 2050 priced liquid concoctions, because this Philly new kid on the block IS LOCATED ON THE ROOFTOP OF GIGANTIC AND FORMER ELEMENTARY/ MIDDLE SCHOOL.
And if THAT weren't amazing enough, the panorama over Philadelphia's incredibly gorgeously magical skyline and Benjamin Franklin Bridge is simply breathtaking. It's analogous to having amazing sex, then receiving a full body massage from a person with iron fingers, and then eating, like, the best ice cream ever (salted caramel). It's almost, in a sense, overwhelmingly stunning.
Things to know:
*****
I. LOCATION & PARKING
Bok Bar is located in the quaint East Passyunk Crossing 'hood that has scattered and narrow street parking. I suggest hailing an Uber, calling upon a retired race horse, or using your hover board. However, be aware that the address listed on Yelp will take you to one corner of now abandoned school. Make your way over to the opposite corner of 8th and Mifflin.
A man will direct you inside. Walk down the hall, take a right and BAM! You're waiting to take the service elevator up to the 8th Floor.
II. FOOD & DRINK
They have a weak assortment of Southeast Asian bar food, so don't expect anything filling. Visit to grab a craft beer or glass of bubbles, red, or white, and enjoy the view. I would love to hangout there all day and night, pounding Chardonnay like it was my job. (WHERE IS THIS JOB?)
III. SERVICE
Super chill, not pretentious. Yeah, I would chill with the people there.
IV. AMBIENCE & DÉCOR
Yo, did you read the part in my review that Bok Bar resides on the rooftop of an elementary/ middle school? I mean, it's mind-blowingly Selma Hayek sexy. And guess what? For a Saturday night, it wasn't busy at all.
Also, even though the bathrooms are clean, the four to five foot high stalls make it hard to have any privacy when trying to do #2. But if you're like #YOLO, I respect dat.
GO HERE FOR THE AMAZING VIEW.
V. PRICES
$5-6 a beer. $7-9 for a glass of wine. Very reasonable. Ooh, and they use Square, or some other electronic form to accept plastic. 
VI. OVERALL
I'm not sure who I have to threaten to duplicate an establishment like Bok Bar in Atlanta - where I live - but I am truly envious of locals for having this (new) Philly gem. Damn. You. All.Great walk to this transformed south philly old high school. you need to walk through the hallways to the elevator. I recommend getting there as soon as they open so you can get unobstructed views of the skyline. Great background music and ample seating areas to soak in the gorgeous views. Food was pretty solid. The only thing I would knock is the fact you have to close out after every transaction. Great south philly landmark.New favorite bar in the city.
Its not a center city crowd---you can take that how you wanna. 
The view is easily the best view in, and of, the city. Sunsets are great.
The bar bites are great, and beer list is good. 
A++UGH what a bar. gotta go on a great sunset night. the view is just spectacular. It's great for a date night, catching up with some friends or bringing some friends that don't live in the area for a great philly skyline experience. i love the selection of drinks here, wine, beer and seltzers. splitting a bottle of wine with a friend is the best way to go. keep it up bok!I kept hearing about this place so I had to check it out for myself. I was not disappointed with the view. I don't see what all the hype is about though....
Drink menu kinda sucks. Not much to choose from. Price is reasonable. Music is eh. Crowd is ok. 
One last thing. Body odor and a stuffy elevator does not mix well.The most amazing view of the Philadelphia Skyline, worth the trip for that alone, especially at sunset.  This iteration of the bar on the 8th floor of the old Bok Vocational High School, is a more permanent fixture than last year's Le Bok Fin. The design is stylish and there are many different seating and lounge areas for visitors to eat, drink, and take in the view.  There's a nice variety of both beer and wine.  I went on opening night and it seemed like the bar staff was still hammering out the kinks, but aside from that the service was smooth.  It's also worth ordering some food, a combination of Vietnamese and Filipino fare.  The bahn mi is served casually and is pretty tasty, as are the appetizers.  Definitely worth checking out!They aren't joking when they say it's the best view in the city! Perfect place for a summer night to enjoy the sunset and some drinks. The menu is decent, a little over-priced but I guess that's typical for this type of beer garden. This was a little out of the way for me and my girlfriend but definitely worth the ride. Will go back soon! If you Uber/lyft here, they have a terrible time finding it as it's at the top of an old school. Other then that, it's awesome!The atmosphere of the Bok Bar reminds me of summers spent frolicking through the shores of cape may. I experienced mild disappointment as I could not find the liquor but the views vanished our sorrows. I would most definitely send my child to Bok Highschool.5 stars for the view- self explanatory 
3 stars for the atmosphere - appreciate the effort for using school chairs and desks for people to sit at... but there's barely any music and they should incorporate games for people to play with... 
4 stars for the food - cheap and good 
2 stars for the drinks - in cheap plastic cups... not many options eitherThe only special thing about this rooftop bar is the view. Don't expect much. Servers were friendly.This is my go to summer place especially when visitors are in town. The view is unbeatable especially if you can make it while the sun sets. Once the sun does go down the place gets busy quick. Drinks are reasonable priced and they have a pretty good sized list. I always go for the cava. It is also a very unpretentious vibe and a good mix of people. Definitely worth a visit!If i could give it 4.5 stars, I would. My cousin came here last year and raved about it, so we went this past weekend and I was not disappointed. The views are simply unmatched! It was hot, but as the sun set and the breeze picked up I could have stayed there all night! The drinks are interesting, albeit a bit pricey for wine served in a plastic cup. The food is on point - the beef satay was delicious - best thing we had! The scallion pancake was good (the sauce made it) and the sesame ball was not my favorite, but still interesting. Overall the atmosphere, and sheer ingenuity of this place makes it a winner!Wonderful view - no cover - minimal wait - can be around 20 min if going at peak time. No liquor, but good beer and wine prices. This for sure is my go-to.My 2 stars are for the bartenders and the view. (Bartenders you honestly deserve 5 stars) they were SO attentive on an extremely busy Saturday night during the summer and they were so nice too (made a pit stop at a bar on each side) the view is incredible and it's just a cool environment. HOWEVER. 2 members of the staff were extremely rude. I was kicked out for smoking a small vape on the rooftop.. was never warned just thrown out. Another staff member tried to tell the guy it was unfair and not right to kick me out with no warning but he wasn't having it. Okay fine I left peacefully.. not that big of a deal. So I take the elevator down stairs to leave and stop to use the restroom on my way out.. I open the door and a girl and guy walk out of the women's room, I go in and a short woman of the staff runs in on her walkie talkie talking about me and rips me out of the bathroom. But a guy and girl can do whatever they were doing and that's okay... haha k. I won't be back here i was treated as someone who truly disturbed the peace in a classy establishment what a JOKE. I go out A LOT and I go out with A LOT of people all whom spend A LOT of money and talk to A LOT of different people all over the place... non of us will return. That short girl really needs a reality check and the establishment should make sure their staff is not touching customers. She's lucky I didn't cause a scene. Get your staff together BokLove the concept of this breezy rooftop bar! The atmosphere of this repurposed high school makes you feel kind of rebellious that you're getting buzzed while feeling like you're back in high school. The views of Philly are unparallel here and you're high up enough where the sounds of the city melt away. There is plenty of space on this large rooftop terrace and plenty of tables to sit at. I didn't try a mix drink so I can't really speak for the menu here, but the atmosphere for a nice getaway drink during the day is perfect here.Bok Bar is the perfect hidden gem outside of center city. It offers the most amazing view of the sunsets and Philly skyline. This is a great place to meet up with friends when you are looking for a bar under the radar to meet up with friends. The drink prices are the same as they would be at any Philly bar and offer a decently wide variety of alcohol choices.Really a unique, cool spot that is an excellent addition to the scene. It was hyped up but exceeded expectations, and I would highly recommend anyone going and checking it out. Went on a Thursday night that was beautiful, and I was impressed from the jump with the organization and the signage - it was very organized and professionally run, and there was no confusion as to where to get dropped off, picked up a car service, or enjoy. The views were fabulous, and the drink menu was strong. Plenty of good beer choices, with a bunch of local options. An ideal summertime spot. Food looked good although we didn't indulge, just enjoyed a few drinks and the fun, festive crowd. Would happily go back and enjoy another evening there. Thanks!I was lucky to visit Bok Bar on a beautiful Saturday afternoon when there weren't a ton of people and the weather was excellent, albeit a bit hot.
The entrance and path up to Bok was a bit odd because it's located in an old school.  I'm not sure if the caution tape was left as an aesthetic but it certainly didn't make me feel welcomed.  It doesn't seem like much of the school has been touched so it's still old and busted.
The roof top itself is beautiful.  Composite decking was added to the roof and they have setup shaded and non-shaded areas (tables, chairs and blocks to sit on) which make the capacity of this place pretty sizeable.  One bar is off to the right side (when you walk in) that has decent prices on beer.  No glasses sadly, just plastic cups.  I didn't get to experience food as the kitchen wasn't open.
This is a nice space and I can imagine there being a line for drinks when it's full due to its size and only one bar.  Still, the view is remarkable and certainly worth at least one trip.Really nice view, try to get there at sunset!! Wasn't too crowded around 7, it got way busier later on. Drink prices are ok, but the selections are different so I enjoyed that and trying new beers, bartenders were nice and helpful with suggestions. We didn't get a place to sit until later on when people left but standing by the edge wasn't bad at all for the view you get.My favorite rooftop bar in Philly. The view is incredible. The space is extremely large, with a bar on each side of the roof.  The bartenders are always nice and very accommodating. The menu is asian. It changed this year from last. The menu was Vietnamese last year, and now it is Chinese (dumplings and rice bowls). I didn't get food yet this year but last year the food was really good. The music is always pretty good. It's always a good crowd too. 
There is more seating this year.  It's a perfect spot to watch the sunset. Walking to the elevator is kind of nostalgic. I didn't go to this school, but it had the common characteristics that made me think of my elementary school. All round, this place is a great experience.just beautiful. One of the best rooftop bars in Philly. Low key gorgeous south philly bar. Enough to accommodate large groups without being overcrowded. It's also got reasonably priced drinks.
The only downside is they don't have liquor (only bc i'm not huge on beer) but other than that a great spot to hang out.
If watching a sunset in philly is on your bucket list, this HAS to be the place to watch it go down.
The service is always friendly.Best spot in philly and definitely the best view. The prices are pretty decent also.  Any information on when it is opening this year?Love at first site! I've literally been to Bok Bar over ten times and every visit I am still amazed. Views for days, and in my opinion the best view of the city by far.  This hidden gem is my favorite rooftop in the city. Last year, I still can remember the first time I saw the spectacular view, and immediately thought "is this real life". Atmosphere wise, the place is super causal and chill with options for beer and wine. All the prices for the drinks are fairly priced, especially with the views and not charging for entrance fees. 
Tip: Go right before the sunset, so you can see both the daytime and night time views.Probably the coolest, hippest, hottest place in town! The view of the city is spectacular and the sunsets are amazing. Because you are on the 8th floor of a building roof it's breezy! The staff is over friendly. Perfect to chill and hang out to watch the sunset.Bok Bar has a really incredible view and a nice selection of beer. I found most of the staff to be very friendly. Except for the manager who was a complete asshole. 
My husband and I brought our dog here on Sunday afternoon. We are new to Philadelphia, so not sure of dog-etiquette yet, I asked the bartender if we could let our dog off the leash. She said yes it was fine, as long as he behaved. Minutes later, the manager came up to us and started screaming at me for having the dog off of the leash. As I was trying to explain that I just asked permission, he interrupted and said 'YOU JUST ASKED THE BARTENDER AND SHE SAID NO!!' While I was trying to explain that, in fact, she had said yes, he continued to berate me. I turned to the bartender and asked her to tell him that she had said yes. She just shrugged and said 'sorry, he's my manager' as the asshole-manager just walked away. I have no problem keeping the dog on a leash, but I have a big problem with people treating me so disrespectfully. After I calmed down a little, the bartender came up and apologized and offered to buy us a round. 
Again, I have no problem keeping my dog on a leash. But don't scream at me when I did my part to ask. It's not my fault that I was given the wrong information. I was glad that the bartender bought us a round, but I really think the manager should have apologized to us directly.This is a great spot to hang with friends or the start/end of a wonderful date night. The views of Philly are amazing. So be Instagram/Snapchat ready. There are two bar locations and they sell small bites. Last night was a more Mediterranean menu with falafel and chicken shiskabobs type of fare. It wasn't bad.....but you're not gonna get full off of the food up there. So I would recommend adding this to your restaurant routine. It would be a great place to check out after you've eaten. You can have some drinks, laugh, feel the great breezes, and enjoy one of the best views of the city. The Bok staff is very friendly. Just an overall great spot on a nice summer night.When I was first told that this place was located on the roof of an old middle school in South Philly, I was intrigued but not entirely sure what expect. That being said, if you're tired of the general bar scene in Center City and looking for something unique and different, I would without a doubt recommend this spot to others. Good food and drinks, great music, and an amazing skyline view of the city made for an awesome night. 5 stars for the unique location and picture perfect views.I love to bring my friends from out of town here - it really showcases the city in a positive light. Great music and beer, and normal people. The view is absolutely STUNNING. I'm just wondering when they are closing up this year..... can't find a closing date so I'm curious about what they will do and a lil nervous I'll bring an out of towner here and it will be closed!Bok bar was cool and definitely creative. It's in a high school which was a shock to me. There was an amazing view, it was crowed but it wasn't hard to find a spot because everyone is moving around. Entering the high school your bags get check then your ID before you enter the elevator. 
For drinks- I had a pineapple cider which I've never had before, it was tasty my girlfriend had a dog fish IPA. There were 2 bars and a lot of benches/high bar tables we stayed for about 30 mins and moved to our next location. Great night out!I went to Bok with a group of friends for her birthday and we had a wonderful time! The bartenders were friendly, fast and readily available. The bottle of rose we ordered was semi-dry and the perfect accompaniment for the amazing view. We managed to watch sunset and the fading light with the Philly skyline is a summer must do!! I highly recommend it! Of note, you enter off of Mifflin St.I live a stone throw away from this joint and no matter what the elderly folk in my hood say I still vouch the thought that they set this bar up here instead of wasting the view and just have the pigeons enjoy it. 
Boks vibe is to really give you the feel you're on a deck of a cruise ship all breezy flag waving at the pole everybody just taking in the sunset view Of the city skyline, the music playlist with a little lounge house feel really sets the tone. The secondary reason going here besides the best rooftop view in Philadelphia is the Pork  Sisig which is a delicacy in the Philippines which is often described by Anthony Bourdain as one if the best Pork dishes he's had pair it with a Troegs Senders Ale you are set and you can thank me later. Try the Turon as well you won't be disappointed. Keep it up Bok bar you're welcome in my hood anytime.A gem in the heart of the city. Great ambiance, view and pricing. But the highlight is the view! This is a true rooftop bar! And free parking.The bar is located on the rooftop of an old school. It's a curious experience going to a bar in a school - you're literally gonna walk by classrooms as you make your way to the bar. The bar has an amazing view of Center city, two big bars - which makes it quick and easy to get drinks -, and, at least when I went there, there was just the right amount people - enough for you to have fun, but not so crowded you cannot enjoy yourself. I'm definitely coming back summer ends.Definitely would recommend this bar, fun atmosphere and terrific view of the Philly skyline. They only serve beer and wine FYI but the IPAs were great.best view of the city. food is ok (not the best bahn mi I've had). beer about $6 with decent selection.Third time here this summer as the spacious rooftop bar does not disappoint! The converted school roof offers beautiful city views with extremely friendly and welcoming staff. Perfect for a group or date night. Free parking is available directly across the street. Liquor is not offered however there is a nice selection of beer, wine, and other non-alcholic beverages.So sad this place is closing this weekend. Always a great time. A ton of rooftop space. Amazing views. Everything is $5 during happy hour. Food is pretty decent. And just a cool atmosphere being in a middle/high school.This place is pretty cool if you want to get a good view of Philly. I recommend it for people who have friends or family from out of town and they are looking for a place to bring them to show off a beautiful side of Philadelphia.
The overall vibe is pretty relaxed most of the time but I would imagine that this place is packed on a Saturday night and the crowd might not be as friendly.
I am knocking off one star for my review because I was really hoping that you still had kombucha like you had last year, I brought a friend here who didn't drink and we were very disappointed to find out that you don't have it anymore.Great view, good service, tasty dumplings and reasonably priced drinks. I like that they keep the space open enough and the music has been pretty good all the nights we've found ourselves there. I hope they keep in down to earth for us Philadelphians as they have really skyrocketed in terms of popularity. It's a nicely done space without being overdone. Definitely do yourself a favor and go.
Minus one star for them closing Sept.29th- it should be weather pending.Amazing view during sunset and ample space, even during peak hours. The beer selection is okay, although I wish they would do drafts (so far they only seem to have cans). Food menu is a bit limited as well. However, it's well worth visiting for the views.Rooftop bar in a renovated vocational school in South Philly. They take credit card. Skyline is beautiful, prices for drinks are steep at $9-$10. Really friendly service, and mellow crowd up here. Definitely a good spot to just chill and relax.