That's $18 bibimbap rice and meat not even hot , I order to go didn't even give chopstick or fork and red sauce should be go with it ,it didn't. When I pick the order out nothing in the bag , and the food not hot like that order can't be that hight price even on university.This restaurant is awful. I ordered combo (wings and drumsticks), but got thighs. The skin was burnt too much. Chicken tasted so bad. Never go back to this bonchon again.We ordered their chicken wings. Half spicy and half regular. The spicy is no joke so try not to take it lightly! 
We also got popcorn shrimp and the salmon roll/ball. Everything was absolutely delicious and lived up to our expectations. Our server Linh was friendly and everything a server should be. She made the experience 100x better! Will deff come back soon!!This 3 star is for their wings... I would say the best wings in philly is 3 blocks away called Tipsy Bistro, my best.
Why other stuff are 0 star? 
1. This store has no Korean Appetizer served!
2. Binbimbon 17 dollars has only a thin surface of food and rest of them is ALL rice...
 Good luck guys... the Korean next door is way better I would say, if you don't mind sitting at a shitty place.Their food was so good. I got a good time from there many times but not for this time. The hostess (maybe) name is Emily was rude. Then the server was serving the food over our heads. I don't complain about their food but if you wanna get a good service from here. Sorry you come to the wrong place, let's go to Bonchon China town. If you wanna get a good services sit at the bar their bartender are good. Otherwise try to sit at dining room and tip 20% so they might give you a good service.It takes 30min. We ordered a combo to go and waited at the restaurant. They didn't mention how long it would take. After waiting 30 min we asked for a refund but they said would be done in 3 min. The manager came to us and said "frying drumsticks takes 30 min". Had we known it would take that long we would have not stayed. Anyways, if you have 30 min to kill, it would be worth.
The chicken tasted good but not 30 minutes good.  I won't be going back.Filthy.  Went on Sunday for lunch and floors have food and even hair on them. Bathrooms are gross. The food is average. Better wings at chix n bowls.  Given how long it took them to open we were surprised at how worn it looked. Pass.I loved the Chinatown branch. But the cook at this branch isn't getting the food right. The chicken is ok- crispy but the flavors are bland. 
The kimchi coleslaw had a funky smell - I gave it back and they didn't offer to replace it. 
Until the change the chef I won't be back.The fried chicken wing is above average and bigger than most of places. Bibimbap is worst ever, no hot sauce no egg for take-out order. Jabchae is just standard. The price is too high for that small portion. I have been to many Korean restaurants and I will only come back for fried chicken wings.Ordered chicken tenders and was told it would be 15-20 minutes. Thirty minutes later I was given chicken wings. Received a refund, but didn't have time to wait another 30 minutes. No lunch for me today.My boyfriend and i came here for day 2 of the grand opening, and we absolutely loved it, the food was amazing. i got the chicken fried rice and it was perfect. i went back yesterday to get a take out order of the fried rice and was so excited to have it again, it was ready in probably 5-10 mins but i didnt think anything of it, i walked two mins back to my house to eat my food, and to my dismay after eating about half of it, i find a raw piece of chicken, like very raw. im not one to complain so i just took a picture and threw it away, when i told my boyfriend today he insisted he go in and tell them, just to make them aware of the situation... not looking for anything free but to let them know they served raw chicken and he showed them the picture. unfortunately, because of this we wont be back and we live right around the cornerThis is supposedly our favorite dining. We buy quite regularly and enjoyed their crispy tasty wings. But not today, it was a disappointing experience. We bought 30 pcs half and half (spicy and crispy sweet) what usually crispy wings today they were not. All wings fried were still watery and soft. We usually don't eat wings unless they are crispy. It's an experience we never wanted to experienced from our favorite Bonchon.ONLY do takeout if anything. Been there 3 times. First two was takeout and the last was dine in. The restaurant was pretty much empty. It was a Sunday afternoon. Our waiter was horrible. It took forever before we ordered and he forgot to get our drinks. How do you allow food to come out and expect people to eat without drinks? Young college kids that are not interested, I guess. This location needs better management. The food is ok but not worth by any stretch the bad service that comes with it.I tried the bulgogi bibimbap the first I went. The meat wasn't very flavorful, and there were no real sauces to speak of in the bowl. I asked the waiter if they had any kind of hot sauce, but he never came back again to tell me the answer. The second time, we ordered fried zucchini, and, again, there was really no flavor to any of it. The funny thing is that we ordered the seasoned version of the fried zucchini . I would hate to see what the plain version tastes like. It's not a terrible place to eat, but I really would pay more than $4 or $5 for the dishes based on the flavor and quality. With the huge number of delicious restaurants in the area at the same price point, my recommendation is to pass on this place and find something better.Great chain restaurant for KFC! A bit on the pricier side, but fun to go with friends late at night. University City was in need of an Asian restaurant like this!I had a delightful lunch experience today with my colleagues. Our server Emily was very attentive. Our food was amazing. We tried a variety of chicken styles, edamame, popcorn shrimp, kimchi... it was all delicious. I highly recommend the lunch specials and family style options.The chicken wings and food here are very good. I admit that. However, the servers here are not very satisfied. For the first time, they forgot what we ordered. We were waiting for the chicken wings for more than one hour. When we asked the server, she totally forgot that.
For the second time, they gave us wings with wrong flavors and it took their 40 minutes to fix the mistake. I can't give this restaurant higher score. I am sorry.
服务令人不满意，鸡翅不错。第一次忘了我们曾点过鸡翅，第二次上错了鸡翅，并让我们又等了四十分钟才拿来正确的。The chicken is definitely worth the wait! The soy garlic wings and pickled radish complimented each other well. The seasoned fries were really good, too.The Bonchon in Chinatown, although less convenient in terms of parking, is significantly better than this one. The pickled raddish served is obviously not pickled long enough. As for the Soy Garlic and spicy chicken flavors.. they seem to be really stingy with sauce.. each time I've been there, only about half the surface of the chicken is covered and barely at that..This place tastes just like the Chinatown bonchon which is awesome since it's so much closer to campus. The service is amazing, as I was automatically welcomed by our server, Gina. She's such a nice person and a very attentive server; I would definitely recommend eating here when she's working. The food came out in less than 20 minutes, and we were able to enjoy our meal with satisfaction!I love Soju! This place is great for drinks especially if you love Soju like myself. I had the Chicken Katsu, I've had better but it did the job. Wouldnt consider this an authentic Korean Chicken spot but I guess the twist is there. Overall it's a chill place nothing too exciting but will probably come again to drink rather than eat.So I'd like to say I consider myself one of Bonchon's biggest fans and most loyal customers. I've frequented this location about 3 or 4 times within the past month. For starters, it's definitely much different than the Chinatown location. Firstly, it's a lot more of an open and quiet layout, which is nice if you want a more intimate experience. However, i do enjoy the more party-like vibes of Chinatown sometimes. I do like this location for more relaxed nights. Second, parking in this location is definitely much easier than it is in Chinatown. 
I've had many experiences, all of which have been similar. It's usually been pretty empty when I've come, and I've never had to wait to be seated which is very nice. All of the waiters and waitresses I've had have been pretty friendly. My order consistently stays the same; I ordered a small traditional wings, half spicy and half soy garlic. I usually order seasoned fries on the side as well. 
In terms of food quality, it has varied a little bit across the board. Nothing has changed drastically, but I was super happy with the size of the wings during my first few experiences. More recently, however, I feel some of them were very scrawny and small. The crunch is always great and never disappoints. I also did notice in my most recent experience that my fries could have been filled a little more. I know this is somewhat dumb of a complaint; however, the fries are 8 dollars, so I better be getting a decent portion. Nevertheless, I have never ever left Bonchon without being very full.
Overall, I'm pretty happy with this location. The servers are always very nice, and I like that this more quiet, open, and more relaxed location is an option for some chiller nights. This doesn't take away from the fact that I love the Chinatown location. I do also think that this spot will get busier once summer ends, and University City kids go back to school. Overall, I recommend any Bonchon. Service is great, and absolutely nothing beats the unique taste of the food.Came here a few times as it's nice there is a second Philly location. First time here, had a server Paula who was very accommodating for us. Food came out fairly quickly and the food quality was exactly what l expected. Of course came here for a ton of the wings but also got the salmon roll which is becoming a staple everytime l come here. We got the half spicy half soy. The spicy is REALLY spicy heads up but my Cambodian friends absorb spicy food as l think it's their secret to looking young forever. I had to stick w the soy and be called a lil b*tch. Got drinks at the bar later and this new Bonchon is really spacious. The location is great for anyone around Drexel/Upenn and also the new West and Down hot spot is right below. It's also nice being able to order wings to pick up after leaving West and Down lol. Bonchon is great after party food.Just opened, not bad but definitely not what they claiming to be , best wings in america. The wait for the actual food is very long. The wings different sauces
Are very similar. Prices are very high without justification!Can't describe the food, all the sauces tasted the same
And they have no clue what spicy is. The chicken still had some plumes on it, the service is ridiculous and so is the wait!Best chicken wings and drumsticks, friendly & accommodating staff! Servers explained that the chicken is made fresh & is fried twice so we should expect a wait, and recommended some apps to have while we wait. Gyoza was awesome and they have the option to do half&half for sauces, which is great if you're indecisive like me or just want to try more things.Pretty much ruined my meal. Who is this cheap on pickled radishes? Theres 15 pieces...and the wings were soggyHave been to Bon Chon many times and let me sat that the wings are out of this world. 
 No one can really compete. There are also many other delicious options here, but with that said, we have seen the quality and consistency decline over the past 6 months. First the rest rooms, which were always spotless... Now not as clean... Then dishes became inconsistent and didn't always taste the same.. Today's visit might be our last. The wings were awesome as always, but bulgogi taste was off and it had a lot of gristle. Restaurant seen in daylight was less clean than ever..... Sad....First time eating at Bonchon tonight and my experience at the University City location was fantastic! Upon entering we were greeted by a friendly host and seated right away. Our server, although only his 3rd day on the job, was attentive and professional. He was patient when it took us a while to decide what we wanted before ordering, and checked in periodically until we were ready. Drinks came quickly and food came not too long after. My friend waited a little bit longer than my other friend and I for her chicken, but was able to eat her fried rice while waiting for the chicken to arrive. The food was absolutely delicious - I wish I'd taken photos! I got a small order of the sweet crunchy boneless wings and the udon soup. Both were sensational. I took some of the chicken home and had it a couple hours later and it was still just as good. Overall, I had an excellent meal at Bonchon University City and will most definitely be returning soon!The location is perfect for students in U-city. 
The service was friendly but not super attentive. We came kind of early at 4pm so maybe not the best time for people waiting around to clock out after a long lunch shift. We didn't get a refill on water or more napkins. 
The chicken was okay the flavor was good but the wings and drums seemed so small. I am spoiled by massive genetically modified chicken at other chicken chains. The bull dak was okay, it seemed like a stupid idea to order but I am glad we got it. Surprisingly good with tons of chicken chunks. 
Overall I would say the food is good but the portions are small. 
I'd come back but next time I will just get the fried chicken.I'm an avid goer of Bonchon. The one in Chinatown was the only one I went to until a friend pointed out this location to me. 
Atmosphere was very open with how big the space is! I love that. Our server was Emily, and she was very friendly. :)
I came with a friend and we got the Takoyaki and the salmon avocado ball. Both if them are sooooo tasty!!!! Lots of flavor! Super delicious!! The only thing I dislike was the small portion of the Salmon Avocado Ball. It was way smaller than expected. Compared to the one served in Chinatown, especially.
We got a large combo of the fried chicken wings. Super crispy as always! Their soy garlic was very tasty and salty. We also chose the Sweet Crunch sauce, which I found really weird-tasting and bland. It was really off-putting. It had an almost fruity taste, and was more bland than "sweet."
Anyways, I don't recommend it. Stick with soy garlic or spicy!This was the second time I visited the UCity Bonchon for happy hour, and I had an amazing time with my friend! Partly, it was because we had a great server named Gina (apologies if I misspelled it). She was very attentive and often came by to check in on us to make sure we were doing okay. She was also very cheerful and patient as she engaged us in fun conversations that made us comfortable. Gina recommended us the sampler, which was a great choice as we wanted to try all three flavors but still pay a reasonable amount of money. I also loved the special soju cocktail she recommended called the "DNA." It went very well with the fried chicken. The chicken was very fresh and was in a good balance with the sauces. Generally, the wait isn't long, and there was still a great crowd. Since I live nearby and the food is good, I'll definitely come back!I've been obsessed with Korean dishes lately, especially chicken katsu. Their chicken katsu is pretty good. I got takeout, then I had to wait about 2 hours to actually eat it since I was traveling, so I think if I have it fresh I'll like it better. It was good though! Needed more spicy mayo and sauce on it. Got a decent amount of food and very very filling. I could only eat half. Pickup was easy. There were ample amounts of parking spaces available. I'll review again once I have it nice and fresh.I just had so many high hopes for this place. After being "under construction" for nearly the entirety of my undergrad career here at Penn, I came back as an alum to see some friends and grab some grub. I will have to admit, this Bonchon is roomy and slick. You enter a split-level where the top is Bonchon and the downstairs is a karaoke bar (I believe). The place was packed and bustling for a Friday night.
Other than the optics, Bonchon fell flat in so many ways. My friend and I ordered the Chicken Katsu partly because we weren't in the mood for Korean Fried Chicken and because it was the cheapest thing on the menu haha. When it arrived the first thing I noticed was just how tiny it was. And for $13? That's a hard pass for next time. I would have to say that it tasted okay, however.
Our other friends ordered and split the fried chicken and I noticed that many of them left some pieces on the side untouched. After asking to try the chicken, they willfully handed it over. I tasted what was supposed to be the soy garlic, but ended up leaving the taste of the inside of a shoe in my mouth (Disclaimer: I have never tried the inside of a shoe before lmao). Two bad experiences in the same meal? I just don't see myself coming to this Bonchon location again, sorry. You are better off going to the Chinatown location where they are consistently bangin' out great Korean fried chicken.
Notes:
- I'm stupid and I learned this the hard way. Our party of 6 was automatically charged for 18% gratuity. Check your check!Just dined at Bonchon, really good service and good food as well! My guy host, Jackie, was very friendly when we walked in.11/02/2019;
Love this kind of fusion style Korean cuisine and always wanna try, especially the fried chicken, and finally here it is!
The fried chicken is THE BEST, huge and crunchy! garlic sauce is the most classic choice, highly recommend over sweet crunch. The fried rice (sorry I forgot the name but it's in the pic) is also really good! 
Environment is nice, not too crowded, there's Kpop MV playing around so it feels pretty Korean lol
my favorite Korean food in philly so far ;) thx for学姐的 recommendationMy family and I were excited to try Bonchon as a dinner to celebrate my grades for the semester and we were highly disappointed. The chicken was not fresh, not completely cooked and they gave us a small container of rice that was dry. Overall, we were not happy with the dinner and will not be ordering from them again.Got the spicy fried chicken and japchae in the couple times I've been here. Really good food and my server Paula was attentive and came by often to see if we needed anything. Would go backI am a big fan of Bonchon, and I have been for a few years now, but when I tried out this location a few months ago, I was underwhelmed. The chicken was overcooked and did not have enough sauce. Well, I decided to try it again today, and I was impressed. The chicken was juicy, tender, crispy, and  perfectly glazed. I think this location is now up to par with all the other delicious Bon Chons I have been too, and in my opinion, Bon Chon makes the best  fried chicken. I would especially recommend the spicy drumsticks if you like a little spicy and a lot of juicy meat. Otherwise, the soy garlic flavor is delicious as well.Woww Woww wow ! Bonchon was better than I thought. The service was amazing waiters and waitress were always asking if I was okay and if I needed anything counter to my meal . Music was awesome and up to date. Not your normal sports bar because it has that very clean and restaurant feel. Still with the sports feel with big screen tv's all around with all different channels on . I really enjoyed my experience the food and the service . The prices were very affordable as well !! Must tryCame here with friends and family for a craving, we've been to the Chinatown Branch and this location has more space and a more relaxed atmosphere, good for bigger groups and I'm happy they open late for late night cravings 
Food was good, the seasoned fries are what I usually get and soy fried chicken is never a bad choice
Staff was really friendly and accommodating, Linh was our server and made sure we had any questions answered and recommended dishes that were really good for the few that were new to bonchonThis is so not like the Bonchon I went before in Chinatown. The waiting time was long, and food quality was not as good as it looks. We ordered a combo of sweet and soy wings and they served us with spicy and soy wings. After we asked for a change, they didn't even change the plate still with spicy sauce on it! The soy flavor was so salty, the sweet flavor was weird. Anyway, that was a terrible experience and didn't worth the money.The store wasn't too busy when I ordered in-person around 5pm on July 4th, 2020. I had to communicate 3 times to the hostess my order and she still got the order completely wrong. Another host assisted by voiding the incorrect order and starting a new one for me, however the order was STILL wrong. We asked for a medium combo wings with half soy garlic and sweet & crunchy with radish but, ended up getting spicy and soy garlic wings with no radish. 
This was my first time at Bon Chon and the service was terrible. The hostess, a young Asian woman with blonde hair, obviously was uninterested in her job and taking orders. I'm not sure how else to communicate my order and am completely dissatisfied with the wings we received because the flavors were not what we wanted.
Do NOT go to this establishment!I love Korean fried chicken and have reviewed quite a few places. LOL. Gone are the days when we used to send the students to the bonchon in Chinatown to pick up our lunch orders. No matter what we offered, the Chinatown one would simply not deliver to university city. So was really glad that they finally opened one in the area! Got an order of half spicy/half soy garlic and they were definitely better than the Chinatown location. Their wings were juicier, but not as crispy and soy garlic was a little too salty. The spicy one wasn't as spicy as I am used to, I had a huge jug of water to prepare and barely needed it, lol. The pickled radish is probably the best of all the KFC places, fresh and crunchy, not too sweet or too tart. But guys, the white rice?! Sooo dry  for $2.50 for a tiny portion of rice, it should be great rice! I usually like just a little with my chicken, I know I'm weird but whatever. This place definitely has potential, I'll definitely order for our next lunch at the hospital to give them another chance.Korean fried chicken is delicious- I haven't tried anything else on the menu but the wings are great. You can get spicy, soy garlic, or sweet crunch and choose 2 flavors. 
The real question is Bonchon or Pelicana locates just down the street? Both fill the niche role of Korean style fried chicken in ucity area. However, Bonchon packs all of the flavor into a superbly crispy outer shell with a light sticky sauce. In contrast, Pelicana hides the flavor in a heavier, saucy coating. As a result, it is a lot messier to eat and can be a lot sweeter than Bonchon. Not saying either one is better, they're different styles and everyone will have a different preference. 
Bonchon's storefront is fantastic with high ceilings and open space with tons of lighting. The staff is fantastic and service is great- I love this place! Also they play kpop if you're into that. Korean fried chicken is definitely pricier than other fried chicken, but that's the tax you gotta pay if you actually want flavor on your wings.This was my first time coming to this Bonchon location. I went with my family and it was a huge hit with my parents, who never had Bonchon before. We loved it all so much. We had ordered seasoned fries, salmon avocado ball, bulgogi fried rice, and soy garlic strips. YUM. Everything was all so delicious. Each table is given its own water pitcher which was great since we could just fill up our own waters whenever we needed. Our waitress was very friendly, and the interior of the restaurant, including restrooms, was clean. 10/10 great experience. We went on a Saturday, and we even got a free bottle of Soju since we spent over $50+. 10/10 definitely recommend!! Go check this place out!$20 for this? 
Its literally  tiny chunks of chicken with cheese in a watery sauce that isn't even spicy. The wings we ordered was alright. Supposed to be spicy but taste sweet instead. I'll make the trip to chinatown next time.Bonchon is usually my go to for East coast chicken. I lived in Boston for a bit, so when I can to Philadelphia and recognized Bonchon, I recommend to my family that we go there.
The food was honestly mediocre. I personally thought that the chicken skin was too hard.. as in the skin was way crispy. Don't get me wrong, I love crispy, but this was hard to eat because every time I bit into the chicken, it was hard to crack through. We also ordered the bibimbap (vegetarian). I'm Korean, so I've had my fair sure of bibimbaps. There was so much rice in this one!! We had to take almost half of the rice out of the bowl in order to get a good ratio of veggies and rice. The sauce that it came with, though, was really good! It came in a packet, but had a wok-y taste. It was so good we asked for another one (also because my family loves spicy).
As for service, it was great! The girl who was serving us was so sweet and always checked up on us. Thank you for amazing service, Bonchon!! (Don't forget to tip your servers well for their good service!!)I don't come here often but the chicken is always good. I was also served by a girl named Paula recently and really appreciated her positive attitude and great service! I'll be coming back here more--I left feeling good and full.I came to the Bonchon at UCity with a couple of my friends yesterday since I was craving it. It was my friends first time having Bonchon too so they were pretty unfamiliar with the menu. Huge shoutout to our waiter Lynn though. The only reason I really came to Bonchon before was because I really loved the taste of their wings. I wanted to try something different and Lynn recommended us to try the salmon avocado ball since I am huge fan of avocado. I must say, I am now a huge fan of it and will definitely be ordering that more often now, it tasted amazing!! Lynn was extremely helpful and friendly and it seemed like she was the only one serving too! This Bonchon at UCity is amazing with a great staff! Can't wait for my next visit.I went here with a group of friends for my birthday. The food was great! Only downside was my mango mojito didn't get more than one sip out of me- super sweet and nectar-y to the point of being unbearable. Oh, and your typical philly crackhead stumbled around our table for a few minutes.Ordered takeout. The bulldak did not come with rice. And the fries did not come with ketchup. Literally did not match their description on Postmate. Two items missing. UnacceptableI live 1 mile away from the restaurant and they were 40-60 mins late for my delivery. The manager took off money from the bill but I think it's a bit ridiculous to be that late.We ordered takeout from Bonchon and got the takoyaki, medium 20 piece strips (half soy garlic, half spicy), the tteokbokki, and the seasoned fries. The takoyaki was pretty solid and looked like something from a more lavish restaurant. The sauce and shaved squid topping complemented the takoyaki well, and I was happy there were enough pieces (6). The chicken strips were definitely better than the boneless chicken I had gotten last time (which reminded me of frozen Tyson chicken) and both sauces were good, but some pieces of meat were a little to dry. The tteokbokki was very cheesy but the rice cakes absorbed the flavor of the stew quite well and had a good texture. The addition of veggies and fish cakes were also good, but the sauce could have been thicker. The seasoned fries were actually my favorite part of the meal. It was a good portion of fries (definitely enough for 2) and was covered in a garlic seasoning.Dined in this past weekend and was very pleased! *Highly recommend the half half combo with spicy and soy chicken* (There might be a wait but the quality is def worth it!!) My friends and I have been to the one in Chinatown but this is more convenient, closer to campus (for Penn/Drexel students) and more spacious, great for groups. Loved the atmosphere and location (Teado is literally next door). Staff were really friendly too, especially our server Jacky was great! Overall, will be coming back!!i ordered Small Signature Fried Chicken Combo today but its taste still not good as before. Since August, I started taste different than before its too salty. I dont know if they change the chef or not. If it happened once it could be accident, but it happens many time as well as today. I wrote this feedback, hope that the quality will improve soon. DONT KILL YA BUSINESSThe restaurant was clean. Ordered the combo soy garlic chicken and it was delicious. Thought there could've been a little bit more sauce because when we took it home to reheat the chicken, there was hardly any sauceMy go to spot for fried chicken. I usually get the family meal which is very economical.Brand new location in UC and had some friends recently eat at a Bonchon in another part of the city and rave. Well this first time experience was utterly disappointing. To start, the restaurant wasn't busy at lunch time, a handful of tables seated. Everything started ok, but once I ordered it took awhile to get my food, maybe 20 minutes. I ordered the lunch special, which was eight chicken strips, and I got half of them spicy and half sweet, along with some seasoned fries. The chicken arrived well plated, however, instead of "strips" they should be named something else...short strips? They were very small. Then they weren't very hot, in fact warm would be a stretch. They tasted ok, though the sweet ones had hardly any breading or crunch to them and the spicy ones were not spicy at all, nearly indistinguishable from the sweet. Oh, and at this point I still don't have the fries I ordered.  Waiter said they were coming, but they literally showed up after I was done eating everything else.  I sent them back, wasn't in the mood after this situation. Not one time did my waiter check on me and after the fry mishap I would have expected a visit from the manager, but no. I paid my $13 (including tip) and left. Since this was my first time and because the place is brand new, I'll probably give them one one chance. I'll come back and update this if I do.If I could give less than one star I would. I will never even attempt to patronize this location again.  I placed an order via Grubhub while still on the other side of the city, I tried calling a bunch of times before online ordering and every time I was told I would be placed on hold and I was never helped. Upon getting there it's been 20 minutes since placing my order, the girl at the counter doesn't acknowledge me as she is on the phone. She then proceeds to inform me that she just got my order. Working in a restaurant industry myself I know that the orders come through instantly via Grubhub and the restaurant has to confirm. If it's too busy or she is too overwhelmed that it takes her 20 minutes to confirm an order clearly she needs help. I ask for the manager for a refund he tells me it's not their fault and I have to call Grubhub. It's absolutely your fault. Multitasking is crucial in the restaurant business. I had to wait on hold to get my order cancelled and go to work hungry due to their poor time management. I'll go all the way to cherry st for wings. Do better and remember no customer wants to hear that it isn't your fault, you are the business take accountability!I completely enjoyed the food and the customer service. I ordered the Maranated Ribye sliders for my starter,I enjoyed every bite! Then it was on I had to try the Signature fried chicken I ordered the small wings and coleslaw I'm so glad I took the waitresses recommendation and I got the half and half sauce  half soy garlic and half spicy. I can't tell you which one I preferred both sauces were delicious! It's a sports bar but you can differently bring the family or group of friends. I went in the afternoon and parking wasn't an issue but I'm sure its a different story in the evening and weekend. If you haven't been you gotta check this place out! Signature Fried Chicken Wings Half Spicy Half SoyFoodie alert! I was Hoodwinked, bamboozled and discombobulated! What I received from Bonchon masqueraded as Korean food. 
I ordered the pork buns for an appetizer which is pork belly and coleslaw, cucumbers and katsu sauce, there were 3 of them but they were small and all of them fit the palm of my hand. Shady.
For my main course I ordered the Bulgogi with onions and mushrooms. Now here's where the whole shebangabang went south. It came presented in a styrofoam container, semi wrapped in aluminum foil. The portion size was really light. It was sliced beef with onions and mushrooms and if I threw it on a roll I would've had a Philly steak sandwich. 
No Korean teriyaki sauce or sesame flavor, they must use the weakest marinade that they could find. It was a tad greasy but nothing a little rice couldn't handle..... but wait, there was no rice included. Well maybe a little kimchee might bring it around...... but no kimchee included. Maybe some pickled turnips or cucumber.... nope, nada.....is rice considered an ala cart item in Asian cuisine? I spent over$30 bucks for these 2 items and I don't know why they couldn't include some rice and a small portion of kimchee in it. 
If it wasn't for their delicious chicken, for which I usually order, I wouldn't even bother with Bonchon again.Not enough sauce in the spicy or sweet crunch strips. Fried rice is more on the mushy sideTried this spot after a late night session in the library.. loved it! I can't speak to any of their other dishes, but their chicken was pretty good as far as Korean fried chicken. A little light on the hand painted sauce, but I asked for extra and that solved that.
-1 star just because our chicken came out, and was finished before our fries showed up.My food is over 30 minutes late and I called the restaurant in University City and after the host told me she quit and she wouldn't help me and I called back and talked to THE OWNER WHO verbally assaulted me claimed he could not keep up with the orders so the driver left. He said my food has been sitting for 2O min( which ruined it) and told me to go f* myself.the driver said the food wasnt ready and the owner just lied to me. We waited over 2 hours for food. We will be reporting this to both Bon Chon and Post Mates corporate. We never want to use post mates again and will never again eat at Bon Chon after the threatening, mean, unreliable and uncaring service from the owner of Bonn Chon. I own a local hotel and will be posting reviews of google, yelp, and trip advisor, telling people to never go here. I loved your food in NYC. This owner is going to ruin your franchise. This location is known for their poor serviceWorst pick up service ever! And when I received the salad,  literally you see black rotten tips on every single leaf. It's disgusting!Do NOT order from this location if you want your food delivered on time, delivered in an edible form, or to have a pleasant experience. You'd think a chain restaurant would have decent customer service, but let me tell you otherwise. 
My order ETA was 40-50 minutes. I ordered some of their wings, as a friend had mentioned that they were tasty. At the 1 hour mark, I called to ask what the issue was, and the guy answering said that my order had just been prepared and should be picked up soon. Okay, no sweat, only roughly 15 min behind schedule when it would be delivered right?
Well I was wrong. I called again at the 1.5 hour mark, a bit irked, and was RUDELY told that the order is on its way and they were busy. Learn some manners please if you are going to work in the service industry. 
Finally, the order arrived at the 2 hour mark, by which point I had already made and eaten my backup lunch, and thank god I had because the food was cold. Seething, I figured they'd at least refund me for an order that took more than twice the time to arrive and that came cold. 
I called back, and was told I was being transferred to the manager. He was rude, curt, and unsympathetic. He didn't offer anything, and kept insinuating that it was my fault the wings were cold. I kept thinking, how does that make sense? After wasting my time for 5 min, I asked for a refund and he refused. Once again, extremely rudely. I hung up and quickly tossed out the mediocre and cold wings. I would rather spend the money on frozen wings than the food here. 
All in all, avoid this location if possible. Horrible food, horrible service, and an overall horrible experience.this place continues to be awful
do not order the bibimbap. the amount you get is very small compared to how much you pay. i am going to begin a chargeback with my credit card company. they are selling a bowl of rice for $18, completely criminalI usually go to the bonchon in Chinatown- but I wanted to hit up and support this new location! 
The vibe and area itself makes the other bonchon look sooo bad, but the service here was pretty decent. The soy wings were a little TOOO salty, but other than that, it's your typical Korean double fried wings! Yummy. 
I'm not huge on wings unless they're buffalo wings, but definitely enjoyed the company and service :)This isn't a good place. I came in on a Thursday evening with a date. We got seated and looked through the menu. Waiter came over and we decided on getting 20 wings. We did not clarify, we just said we wanted wings and water. My date wanted a side of ranch as well.
The food comes and I notice, these are BONELESS wings.... and of course they forget the ranch. We wanted just regular boned wings. And I can't believe this was not specified or clarified while we were ordering. I am 100% sure that we said we wanted just "wings".
Now this is the part where this place gets a 1 star: I walk up and go to the waiter and say that we wanted regular boned wings and not boneless. The guy looks at me in the eye and says "I thought you guys said boneless". I said "no I'm pretty sure we didn't specify and just said wings". Then he says "I'm pretty sure you guys said boneless, I wrote it down, we can go check". So he shows me his paper and it says boneless on it.... lol? This guy is a ****ing joke, unbelievable. He literally argued with me in that establishment over what I ordered??? I remember exactly what I ordered and said. Yeah he's getting no tip whatsoever.
I ask him how long would it take to correct the order and get us regular wings? He says it'll take about 40 minutes. What the ****??? There were barely any people in there!!! So he screws up the order and doesn't immediately try to make it right by swapping out the food? We only ate 1 or 2 wings out of the 20 before realizing it was boneless, it's not like we ate half and wanted to change
Ridiculous server. That guy should be fired. I'm never returning. If I do go to bonchon it'll be at the China town location, but even then I'm on the fence
Literally this waiter acted like a punk, I think his name was Jason, terrible server. Argued with me, refused to correct the error, and tells me 40 minutes. What a guy. Despicable.Ah I love Bonchon and frequently come for a late night dinner. I usually call ahead and get takeout because it's more convenient. My go to is their 10 piece chicken strip in soy garlic and if I'm feeling adventurous, then half spicy. Their spicy sauce really is extremely spicy even for someone who loves spicy food!!
I also recommend their house fried rice. The flavor is great and they give a large serving size. I've also had the seasoned fries which are delicious. 
Their service for sit-ins are hit or miss and they may forget your order so if it's taking too long, then just remind your waitress that you're still waiting for your food. I recommend calling in for take out because they fry their chicken after you order so it can take a while if you're waiting in the store. 
Overall, I've introduced many friends to Bonchon and they've all loved it! We're all very happy that Bonchon opened close to University City.This place has been one of my favorites for years. However, my experience today with ordering takeout from them was not so pleasant. 
We only ordered 10 piece chicken strips, bulgogi bibimbap, & fried pickles but the wait ended up being 75 MINUTES. I'm totally baffled as to why a seemingly simple enough order took such an extensive wait time. Upon opening my bibimbap at home, I realized they had forgotten to give me the sauce & fried egg that come with it. Seriously so disappointed.Always give me wrong order!!!!SPEECHLESS same thing with cherry st. Very dissapointed!!Don't buy boneless wings. I was basically given tiny chicken nuggets without any sauce (was supposed to be spicy and sweet chili). Ridiculous considering it was around $30! Not worth the money.My bf and I ordered small wing+drum stick combo half & half, seasoned fries, and pork buns. Wow the chicken was so.... Bland... it was such a bland fried chicken with a hint of sauce on the fried batter. The chicken itself was not seasoned AT ALL. It was a bit hard to eat, so we asked for some sauce on the side and our server said since she's not allowed to do that, she'll put more sauce on the chicken. However, even after that, it was terrible.. a fried chicken restaurant that doesn't know how to season their chicken? We'll not be back lol what a waste of money. But the fries were okay and pork buns were good!I got the chicken wrap and I must say it was amazing. One of my favorite go to spots to order from when I'm in dire need of a solid meal and don't want to cook. I don't know why they have a 3 out of 5 but that needs to change ASAP. Heavily slept on restaurant.Chicken is delectable but I want this review to spotlight this location's amazing staffmember on August 8th who was very patient and understanding towards my curbside pickup order. The guy really went out of his way to make sure my piping hot chicken was safe and sound in my embrace. I'm excited to eat in when covid is over and done with. Thanks dude!We ordered Chicken Strips (Half & Half) with Pickled Radish and Seasoned Fries. 
The Strips were straight up chicken tenders (a lot of breading)? We were super confused because that's traditionally not Bonchon's Strips style. Maybe this location makes them differently? Some parts of the strips were too salty from the sauce soaking into the thick breading. 
I really enjoyed the Pickled Radish - tart and acidic! The Seasoned Fries weren't super crispy, but there was a good ratio of seasoning to fries.By far the best Bonchon that I've ever had (I've had a lot of Bonchon)
Incredibly crispy with the perfect amount of sauce
The soy garlic and spicy boneless wings were executed perfectly.
I definitely plan to make the 1+ hour drive to this location the next time I crave Korean fried chicken. Maybe I'll try their fries next too.Don't know where to go eat? You're on a date? Have indecisive friends? Have a large group of people? Or maybe you just don't know where to go eat? Then bonchon is perfect for you. Perfect place for groups, dates, and amazing food. Bonchon won't disappoint.