A chainy, but good food.Great place in center of Phily. Good coffee ... Even served in ceramic cups. Fun wafflesCan you say yum and inviting?!   That's exactly what Bonte was.  I stopped in there after a strong recommendation from a friend and ordered a mini waffle (it's not on the menu and it's on 99 cents).  The waffle was moist, sweet, cinnamony, and served nice and hot.  It was just as good as the Belgian waffle I got a small market right outside of Brussels!  They had all kinds of hot beverages there too!  I didn't try them this time, but I will next time I go!Very unimpressed.  The waffle was undercooked.  I thought that perhaps it was chewy and I took a few chances and had a few bites until I realized my stomach was feeling sick.  Spent the next 3 hours with a rock of hard, uncooked waffle dough in me, feeling very very nauseous.  Service was awful....The server couldn't remember what I ordered (a waffle and coffee), and asked me twice as a reminder -- which she was ringing me up. The sandwiches and pastries in the case looked appetizing, so I'm giving them one extra star as a sign of faith.I wasn' t particularly impressed with Bonte waffles; they're decent but nothing to write home about.  I was the only one in line, but it still took a while to get my order of a small hot chocolate, 2 waffles, and a sandwich filled.  By the way, the hot chocolate is garbage... GARBAGE!  I still maintain that 711 makes the best hot chocolate.  The waffles are heavy and fill you up, and the sugar is a nice touch, but I wouldn't travel to have one again.  As for the sandwich... I'll never know if it was good or not, my dog ate it.I liked this place until I saw an enormous cockroach in the bathroom.  Sorry, I think I'll get my slightly better than average coffee some place else.I ordered the mango iced tea and a waffle. The iced tea was okay but the waffle was AMAZING. I had it with vanilla ice cream and dark chocolate drizzle and it may have been the BEST waffle I've ever had.
The service was okay, frankly it was the only unsatisfying part of my experience there.While this place is known for their waffles, I came here on a whim and tried their chicken panini. The sandwich was pretty good and the waitress was nice enough to offer us some free recommended sauces to go with the sandwiches ( I got a balsamic vinagrette). What was a little odd was that their sandwiches are premade so I'm not sure how fresh they are. When I ordered, they actually said "you got the last one" and pulled it out of somewhere. hehe oh well, it still tasted pretty good. 
Cute decor, cheap price and you get free wi-fi. I like :)The waffles aren't as good to me as I originally thought they were, but I remember eating a few sandwiches here and enjoying them.I give 5 stars are for the sugar waffle with no mix-ins (I like it the best that way).  This is the best waffle I have ever had! I don't know how "authentic" these waffles are, but they are so delicious.  It's crunchy on the outside, soft and doughy on the inside and not too sweet.  The waffle is pretty filling, but I feel that it's slightly overpriced (by like 50 cents).  
Overall a 4 star rating because even though the waffle is amazing, I just wanted more friendliness? or something. I'm not sure, but I just didn't feel very welcomed. For example, my fiancé and I walked straight to the counter ready to order, but the 2 workers were just chatting and doing their own thing. We literally waited like a full minute before we got any attention even though there was absolutely no one else there.  Some people may like that vibe, but I'd rather have good, attentive customer service.Um, can we say YUM?
Bonte made for a delicious Sunday breakfast.  I love that you can customize the inclusions in your waffle. I felt like bananas and blueberries on that day.  It takes a little bit of time for the waffle to be prepared, but it is well worth the wait!  Savor the flavors.  Other choices of "mix ins" include white chocolate and walnuts.
Note that there isn't a lot of other food selection here.  There's a few sandwiches, and I believe they do carry some salads.  Wifi available. 
Great pitstop!Dit is slechts een overzicht van de thee selectie, omdat de thee is het enige wat ik ooit hier te komen. Ze zijn kous Mighty Leaf thee, die ik graag heel veel. Dus, ik als hun thee selectie. Ik hou niet van hun koffie. Ik heb nog nooit een wafel hier. Ik ga hier alleen voor de thee. Heb je me? Het personeel is echt fantastisch. Snel, vriendelijk, efficiënt.Great Liege style Belgian waffles!! I still crave them even tho I don't live in philadelphia anymoreWas excited by the idea of Belgian waffles -- "made from dough, not batter". Authentic Euro taste.
Just not my thing.  Had chunks of sugar in it (no thanks), and the strawberries and blueberries I selected to go inside tasted old with little flavor.  Coffee was mediocre.
Nice atmosphere although pretty deserted at 9:30 am on a weekday.  
Might come back to try something else but the waffles really didn't do it for me.I loved this place from the moment I walked in and The Smiths were playing and the staff just exuded hep casual cluelessness. This place is adorable, quiet, and relaxed--the perfect find on a lazy weekend morning. I love that their waffles are not too large and i thought they were delicious. 
When the cashier forgot an order for a mocha, they gave me a free one when I asked them about it. It was a bit too sweet for my taste, but I still love the vibe of this place--so sensible, relaxed and inviting. Go enjoy!Great waffles.  They are sized just right for a snack, perfectly sweetened, and pretty dense so you get semi full off of it. 
However other than waffles, the rest of the foot is very overpriced. The sandwiches which are premade in the display case each cost about $8.00. You can go down the street for Wawa and get the same for half the price. 
The coffee is average, on par with the many other coffee shops in the area.  
Basically, I would recommend coming here for a waffle break anytime but would steer away from the other food options.worst.
waffle.
ever.
it tasted and looked like something out of an old neglected vending machine. it was stale and chewy and though the picture of the strawberry and dark chocolate topped waffle had slices of fresh strawberries on it, the one i got had slabs of strawberry jam-like goo inside and maybe a smidge of chocolate. 
the girl behind the counter was rude. she forgot my soymilk for my coffee and when i politely reminded her, not mad or anything, she doesn't say anything to me but instead slams a carton of soymilk down at me and walks away.
not to mention our 2 waffles took almost 20 minutes to make and it wasn't that crowded.
bonte, you suck.I've been pushing off writing a review for this place because all I get is coffee. I keep meaning to get their waffles because, well, yeah. They're supposed to have great waffles. Their sandwiches are all pre-made, which bothers my sensibilities. All of 'em. 
So, here's the review for coffee addicts:
Their bean of choice is La Colombe. It's drip brew'd I believe. I haven't actually taken note of their coffee-making apparati. I just know that the coffee lacks sludge.
The staff is always neutral towards me; they're not overly enthusiastic and make too much eye contact (Starbucks) and they're not begrudgingly taking my order either (?).
They have quite a few tables outside. This is conducive to my need to sit and creepily stare at people as they carry on with their lives.I can't say much else that no one has said. 
Restaurant was clean, tidy, organized. 
Unisex bathroom clean. 
Coconut iced coffee very tasty. Strawberries waffle well proportioned. If it was any bigger, I probably wouldn't have finished it.
I will be back someday for more waffles!I had a Belgian waffle here with dark chocolate, blueberries, and pearl sugar. It was absolutely delicious. They also had this coconut lemonade that was surprisingly really good too. The coffee is decent but nothing to go crazy over.The smells that emanate from this place are enough to entice you to come in. Especially the waffles. And if that doesnt' do it, there are plenty of good looking young men and women for eye candy.
The coffee here is decent,but a little pricey. Their drip coffee isn't great. The Americanos are pretty decent, though a little on the bitter side. They have a good kick though. The cafe mochas are also good, but again, a little bitter.
The sweets here are good. My favorite was a lemon bar. That thing was heaven in a square. 
The service is ok. The drinks do take a long time to come out, which gets a little annoying. So its not a place you go if you have to be somewhere anytime soon.
They do have wi-fi and some nice seats for chatting and or studying.The Wawa just down the block is my usual stop for breakfast, but sometimes I indulge and get a dark chocolate waffle from Bonte.  I still remember the first time I had one 9 months ago--- it was heaven.  
The service has always been pretty bad, and I agree with other reviewers that the people behind the counter have no sense of urgency (I listened to two of them rate men on a 1 to 10 scale while my waffle came very close to burning this morning).  I still happily visited a few times a month for the amazing waffles.  
But in the last few months, the waffles have taken a turn for the worse.  The sugar that used to coat the waffles used to be in small pieces, making the waffle uniformly sticky/crispy and giving it a very balanced sweet taste.  Now, the sugar chunks are HUGE.  And it's pretty gross when you get a few in one bite.  It reminds me of my childhood when I used to sneak sugar cubes out of my grandma's cabinet.  I still go because I have hope that I'll get another great waffle one day.  That said, I'm not holding my breath.I randomly found this place while wandering in the city.  I was craving a Belgian waffle, so I thought I would give it a try.  Maybe I shouldn't have read the negative reviews before eating there.  I ordered a waffle with ice cream.  It wasn't that great, and I was a little disgusted that I could taste the yeast (like some other reviews said).  It was a bit disappointing.  However, I loved the atmosphere in Bonte.  The music wasn't distracting.  I was able to do a little studying in there like other people around me.  I love that it's a very chill place.  However, I'm not sure if I would get another waffle from there.  Maybe I'll try something else on the menu.Arrived at the Walnut Street Theater a wee' bit early and dropped by the Bonte to pass the time. 
Plain Bonte waffle was $2.75 -- great price. The waffles take a while because they are made-to-order. We got dark chocolate and strawberries which are $.50 per topping + some tea. 
The waffle mutates over time. By that I mean, right off the grill it is semi-crispy outside and chewy on the in.
Give it 3 minutes and it turns really crispy through-and-through. I love it like a fat kid loves cake. I liken it to a crispy cinnabon. 
Cute date place. I'd imagine, from the other reviews that during the rush hours (weekend, lunch, after work) it can be hard to find a table. With a little less than 15 tables, you're best bet is a weeknight. They've got all kinds of neat international chocolates and confections for a genius Valentine's day gift as well.I use to live around the block and frequented this location often. Its free wifi made it a great study spot (although they closed pretty early if my memory serves me right) and its sugar waffles made it addictive (this place is the cold stone of waffles). 
I don't know what all these negative reviewers are talking about, the waffles (my favorite is with bananas and chocolate) are great. The barristas are lovely. The drinks are yum. The food is good (but not cheap). And their soups are divine (and the best thing about bonte). 
The only knock would be their hours are not conducive for late night studying, but since I'm no longer a student, I don't care anymore. I guess another knock would be the (boring, cold) ambiance. Oh, and the hard chairs. But other than that ... no complaints. 
There's also the added bonus of its proximity to Jefferson:  great place to pick up a doctor (or future doctor) ;)Why does this place get 4 starts?
Two reasons: good waffles & free wi-fi.I ordered a plain waffle and was very disappointed.  Worst Belgian style waffle I've ever had.  The outside was rock hard and the inside was not cooked through.  The pearl sugar should be inside the waffle and not on the outside.
Would definately not go back.  Jamba Juice has better Belgian style waffles.I'll confess, when it comes to coffee I am, as they say, a wimpy coffee drinker.  Do I ever crave cappuccino? Nooooope.  I do crave Bonte sugar waffes and that is good enough for me.
How to explain these piping hot belgian sugar waffles...  Carbohydrate heaven? Morsels of ecstasy? Happiness in the form of flour dough? I have no idea...what I DO know is that these little creations are excellent.  The sugar crystals are a healthy size...think soft pretzel salt.  I suggest mix-ins that are on the "neutral" side: banana + peanut butter; strawberries, etc.  
Run, don't walk...Bonte is calling and you are a fool for ignoring her siren song!I'm not really a sweets person so Bonte isn't really my bag. I know they have some non sweet stuff but I've not tried it.  To me it also takes way too long for anything to be prepared here, I don't think it's the server's fault but like how intricate the food can be.   This is a neat space to meet people to hang out though.Maybe I'm writing this review because I'm hungry for breakfast food right now and a waffle would hit the spot.
So I've only had the waffles here (topped with ice cream and carmel of course!---such a fat kid at heart-ha!) and they are pretty tasty.  Not the best I've ever had....and I really hate to sound like a snob, but they are not close to the real thing.  Those of yall who have had the pleasure to visit Belgium know what I'm talkin about.  True Belgium waffles don't need sugar crystals and literally melt in your mouth.  Nevertheless, it's a nice fat girl treat!As a design guy, popping in having availed myself of the adjacent medical amenities, I immediately took appreciative notice of the fact that this otherwise generically conceived coffee nook has a central standout concept: WAFFLES. So, I'll review from an art school crit angle - quick bullet point style pluses and minuses:
Good - Amazing looking waffles w/ ice cream
             Prime location near Jefferson
             Lots of seating space
             Free WiFi
             Friendly baristesses
             Nicely selected photos on walls, c/o the Photographic Society of Philadelphia
Bad - Awful lite-rock soundtrack (Dave Matthews & Bruce Hornsby)
          Generic corporate decor and ambience
I'll leave it to you to try the waffles and ice cream - not typically in my dietary repertoire. Bonte conveniently serves a purpose, and with some taste, so for that, I commend it - a solid B. Next project.ahh the smell of those waffles... they are made fresh and there are many different kinds that you can choose from as well. there is a good variety of toppings and syrups, and with additional price, you can have an icecreamtopping!!! :D  great place to sit down and study and chat. if youre lucky to find a seat available...So just moved to Philly yesterday and of course cable/internet isn't ready yet at home, so needed some caffeine and some wifi.  Bonte delivered both.  Had a yummy waffle and a long session of internet use.  The staff was friendly and didn't mind how long we stayed.  Just what we needed.  They have a good selection of sandwiches, salads, and they make your waffle to order.It's been a long time coming.  I work around the corner from this location, and have always regarded this coffee shop with curiousity, as its claim to fame is belgian sugar waffles.  I asked some co-workers to accompany me to try it out this morning, and I was pleasantly surprised.
Reading other reviews, I assumed I was going to have to wait 15 minutes or more for my waffles with mixed-in chocolate and strawberries ($2.75+ $1 for the extras), but they were done very quickly, in less than 10 minutes.  As they serve La Colombe coffee, I opted for a regular cup of joe over an espresso drink.
The waffles were scrumptious!  Deliciously warm and sugary, they contain rocks of sugar in them that, at first, look like they will be hard to eat.  To my surprise, they just melt right in your mouth when you take a bite, forming a great substitute for syrup that you won't miss.  The dough was fine and the consistency was delightfully crunchy on the outside, but warm and doughy in the center, just as you'd expect.  The chocolate and strawberries melted right on in, making it have a more luxurious feel.  My only complaint is the size versus the price:  You get two rather small waffles, and the mix ins are a little pricey for just a couple strawberries in a little waffle...you kind of wish they were "toppings" instead of "mix-ins."  However, for a breakfast treat, the waffles are the bee's knees.
I would love to return to Bonte to treat myself to a warm breakfast.Disappointing. Raw and gooey in the middle, sticky on the outside. On the positive side, flavor is ok (for the cooked part) and it was super hot.I'm usually not an impatient person when it comes to food service.  I understand that the things in life of quality are worth waiting for but that has it's limits.  
Bonte had a pretty sweet deal going with me.  A co-worker and I agreed to meet at Bonte each friday for a little waffle action before work.  Repeat business is a situation that a restaurant should cherish and hold like a small beacon of light in their hand.  But somehow Bonte screwed it up.  
For the most part, we had to scrap this ritual because Bonte waffles take too damn long.  I could go to a diner, sit down, and order eggs, toast and potatoes and still beat Bonte.  And it's not the service.  Although we switched to this Bonte because the Rittenhouse location's service multiplied this problem many times over.  
For some reason, the actual cooking of the waffle takes quite awhile.  There have been times when I thought I could run home and cook a waffle while this magical Bonte waffle cooks.  This is brutal when you want to get to work on time and figured you could be in and out of a place within 15 minutes with waffle in hand.  
Like I said, I'm usually patient about this type of thing but anything over 5 minutes for a fried piece of dough seems excessive.They gave me free hot water, with a smile on my face, for my tea that I didn't buy at their store.  Kudos for friendly, helpful staff and not being cheap about their hot water.Unique waffles that are actually a representation of a valid Belgian traditional style according to foodies on Yelp and other websites.
I care very little about this beyond unique waffles equaling delicious waffles.  I've eaten at both their now-closed Rittenhouse basement location (my favorite of the 2) and the 922 Walnut spot.  I could have sworn way back in, oh I want to say 2006 or so they were adding powdered sugar atop their delicious breakfast treats, though they told me when I went in this past Friday that they don't do that for the style.  Either way it was delicious.  Had half an original and a whole dark chocolate+walnuts waffle on this go-round.  Decadent!  I will swear by this place to anyone looking for good breakfast anywhere near Philly, until someone can demonstrate to me why they shouldn't get my 5* vote.Unlike others here, I have always had a pretty good experience at this Bonte's. I got a waffle once and I agree that it did take awhile, but it was pretty good once I got it. 
I've always gotten the coffee and have had good service getting it. 
What I really like about this Bontes is the people watching opportunities. If you are into people watching, this is a nice little spot. Right next to Jefferson, take your coffee to one of the seats by the window and watch away. :)This was one of the favorite to-go places for my bf and I. We just explored Philly when we first moved there to see what hole-in-the-wall places we could find, and came up to this little eatery. The coffee I was not a fan of, but the sandwiches and waffles were amazing. Sadly, We gifted to each and were gifted Bonte giftcards totaling quite a sum because we went so often, and now have all that money wasted since they all closed. It sucks, but what can we do? Was good while it lasted.I noticed this cafe while walking down Walnut and decided to give it a try.  I had the waffle with chocolate and pecans.  It didn't taste like a traditional Belgium waffle-- soft, cakey, absolutely delicious... however it was pretty good (kind of crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside).  I was kind of disappointed at the size (in relation to the price) but it tasted okay and the middle of the waffle had the most chocolate chips and pecans so it was like an EXTRA delicious surprise, lol.  Overall, I'm a fan :)I like the idea of Bonte much better than the execution.  There are several types of Belgian waffles, and Bonte ostensibly serves the Lieges-style "sugar" waffles, which consist of sweet dough made with pearl sugar and therefore don't need any toppings.  Unfortunately, Bonte's sugar waffles really don't do it for me.  I don't know if it's the mix-ins (chocolate, strawberry, banana, etc.) or what, but the waffles always come out too hard or burnt.  Honestly, I vastly prefer the prepackaged sugar waffles that Whole Foods sells -- they remind me much more of the Lieges waffles that I actually ate in Belgium.
However, even if I liked the waffles, I'd never go back to the Walnut St. Bonte because the customer service is so crappy.  The last time I was in there, I ordered a macchiato and the girl at the counter cocked an eyebrow at me and sneered "What do you think a macchiato is?" as though I couldn't possibly be intelligent enough to know.  I guess she assumed that I've only ever had a macchiato at Starbucks and that a Bonte macchiato would blow my mind or something.  She shouldn't have worried -- it didn't.bonte is the shiz bizzle.  i miss going to get myself a little treat of a fresh made belgian style waffle with nuts and blueberries.  they're always so flavorful and perfect.  i'd always get an iced americano and a waffle on a hot day in philly.  love it.Alright - I figured that I shouldn't snub all Bonte's just because I had a dreadful experience at the one in Rittenhouse (how big of me, right?). So after catching a matinee performance at Walnut Street Theater with my girls we decided to stop in and treat ourselves to some sugary goodness.
We ordered a strawberry waffle to share. The staff was perfectly nice and friendly, so I figured we were off to a good start. But there was nowhere to sit, so we had to lurk around the tables, waiting for someone to get up. Here's the scoop: I hate it when people stand around like vultures, waiting to grab any flat surface in sight. It's just plain annoying. But in this case, there was nowhere to go. It's not the biggest space in the world, so the situation forced me to become one of "those" people. My apologies to anyone eating at Bonte that day. I was just as embarrassed as you were.
We finally got a table and sat down to wait for our waffle. We waited. And waited. And waited some more. 20 minutes later it was up and we were suffering from hypoglycemia. We cut into the waffle with the plastic utensils and crack! The knife snapped in two. We grabbed another one, and the same thing happened. Then I took a bite of it - and it was the chewiest thing since Hubba Bubba. I'm no Belgian food expert, but I have a feeling that waffles shouldn't be all gummy and thick like that. 
By this time, the kids were over it and so was I so we wrapped it up in a napkin and took it with us to tear apart with our hands in the car. Once we were all piled in, I unwrapped the "treat" only to find that the napkin and waffle were one. I debated eating it anyway, reasoning that it couldn't taste much worse than it originally did and maybe the paper would add an extra added kick of flavor, but decided against it. 
Maybe the waffles are just out to get me.Oh waffles n' ice cream, my belly thanks you for your unholy union in my mouth.My first time at Bonte was the day before my wedding and it was such a cool treat to be have my 3 favorite things - great friends, really great roasted coffee, and Sugar Waffles!!! all in one spot. Mad props, bonte!their coffee is usually burned after 3pm and their  sandwiches are a bit overpriced. The location is quite good, though, right in the heart of the cityWaffles.  Free coffee refills.  Free Wifi.  Unpretentious.  Yummy sandwiches.  
Rock on, Bonte.This place is very close to my work, the only 'independent' coffee shop that I can run to and back in less than 10 minutes. I love independent coffee shops and want to love this place, but it's just meh. In comparison to the WaWa next door, it's only good for a once in a while treat.
I've only had the mini waffles once or twice, they were ok. Here's the lowdown on the food/coffee, what I usually go for:
The coffee is very strong/bitter. I think they advertise it as LaColombe, but it doesn't taste that great and a large is only 16 oz. That's not enough to get me through my morning. I do have major issues with their iced coffee in the summer. They basically pour hot coffee into a plastic cup filled with ice, top it with espresso, shake it, and hand it to you. Of course this melts all the ice and you end up with a room temperature coffee drink. It also takes 3 sips to finish a large because there's only about a cup of actual coffee in the cup and a ton of ice. I just don't get it...small coffee shops usually know their stuff; this one just doesn't seem to care about certain things.
I also have an issue with the service in the mornings. The baristas are REALLY nice, but REALLY slow. They seem to have no sense of urgency - people need to get to work! Never order a breakfast sandwich in the a.m., they put it in the panini press for what seems like eternity. You will never get to work on time. In general they are just super slow.
Good points: lunch sandwiches/salads are great (I like the Bruges: turkey & avocado on whole grain), croissants are authentic. Lots of different, unique latte combinations. In short, it's a cross between Starbucks and a 'real' coffee shop. The end.Obviously the waffles. 
But also the crepes and the weird art on the walls. 
And that it's open early!!
I'd suggest anything with spinach, it tasted particularly fresh.Waffles:
The first three bites made me smile. Three times. Once I slowed down and inspected the waffle I noticed the huge chunks of sugar. Perhaps this is normal in a Belgian waffle. I don't know. I got mine with chocolate, and before finishing even half of it I felt sick from all of the sugar.
I went back later to try the waffle without chocolate and, ugh. The dough was rubbery and the sugar crunch crunch crunched all up in my cavities.
The cooking of the waffles seems inconsistent and the sugar's too much for me. I'll avoid their waffles from now on.I've had belgian waffles before and they were really good.  This place isnt all that belgian but these waffles are a great treat.  They have custom  made waffles where you can add bananas, strawberry, blueberries, walnuts, pecans, white chocolate, and dark chocolate. They are very yummy but for that size of a waffle its pretty pricey.  It was a little burnt also when i got my waffle.  I think part of it was b/c they didnt clean their waffle grill.  I havent had a chance to try their coffee but it does look good.. ill try them sometime.Cute clerk and delicious hot, homemade waffles-amhazing!Pretty nice place to hang out and eat some waffles. The ice coffee is descent. They also have free wifi. The atmosphere is what really makes this place kick. Will come back again.
For you coffee snobs, it's better than Starbucks, but then again Starbucks isn't that great anyway.If Auntie Anne's diversified by experimenting with waffles, this is what you'd get.  
I've been to Belgium once.  I had waffles there.  Therefore, I am clearly an expert now.  Maybe what I found disappointing about this mid-day knosh was my hope for a true Belgian waffle that I hoped I would get by the look of the place (it's nice).  That taste of a true Belgian waffle is something akin to buttery, sugary, eggy, pastry.  This was not that, but better than an Eggo.  I think the girl behind the register liked me too....The first time I went here was on a date, & I think it's a very cute little place to go out with friends or a date before a movie or just to meet up, the one location is very small and cozy but does not have a lot of seating room, the other location is a little too spacey and does not have a bathroom in the immediate building. 
The waffles are very reasonably priced and in my opinion they are delicious. They are very filling, and there are big pieces of sugar right in the dough- but I guess that is their signature thing. The best combination I've found so far is white chocolate mix in with chocolate sauce and whipped cream on top. The staff was nice and friendly, when I went there one time last May one guy working there was very polite and even brought my waffle to me at the table I was sitting at when it was ready. Haven't tried the coffee, just tea...but tea is tea. 
All in all, it's a nice place to meet up for a quick bite to eat that is not your average sandwich or wrap.