I didn't know what to expect, but I was seriously so impressed with Booker's. First, the atmosphere is lovely. A very elegant but comfortable space. Their menu has just the right amount of variety and it is priced reasonably. I had the black bean veggie burger which was so tasty. You can really tell the chef puts a lot of work into the cuisine. I was also extremely impressed with the amount of specials they had. The waitress was so kind, and made sure to let us know about everything the restaurant had to offer that evening. I will definitely be visiting again for brunch sometime very soon. So thankful for this addition to the neighborhood!A really good indicator of whether a place with really good food can stick around is how they respond to a request to shut the place down on a Saturday morning to host a private birthday party for a three year old.  We asked them for that, less than two weeks before our proposed party.  We are not the most organized parents.
Booker's did everything right, from the food to the service to the decor to how insanely willing they were to help us throw a party together at the last minute.  Jeremy, the manager, and Saba, the owner made our party the most special.  And their servers and cooks couldn't have been nicer or more willing to roll with it.  We got our own playlist and dance party, and  the food was impeccable and perfectly executed for a party of 70 who all got served at the same time.  And it was served perfectly.
If you like great food and great people serving and cooking it, go to Booker's.  Kind, lovely, and perfect.Lucky us for stumbling upon this fantastic spot! We were attending a show at the Tower Theatre and tried to find a place close by before the show!
We arrived a little late for our reservation but were still warmly welcomed. The decor is the first thing we noticed. Industrial Chic is how I would describe it. The wood floors and color accents are fantastic.
Our server was great. She explained the specials and gladly provided a list of her favorite recommendations. She was very enthusiastic about the food. We went with a few small plates and shared a burger. 
Our waitress started us off with a complementary order of the most amazing potato crisps and a white truffle sour cream. They were super crispy and salted perfectly. I could have eaten just those for dinner but we had lots of other goodies coming!
The Brussel sprout casserole is what every Brussel sprout should strive to become. Cheesy, creamy, more cheesy with some french onions on top for a crisp. This dish alone was worth the trip!
The brisket biscuits were good. The biscuits fell apart which made them fork and knife food instead of finger food. The sauce was good, I would have preferred a little more wetness but I enjoyed them! 
The cheese curds were good. They were different then cheese curds I had in the past. These were definitely fresh made and larger in size. 
The burger we shared was good, but not the most exciting part of the meal. The fries on the other hand, they were amazing! This place just knows what to do with potatoes! 
Check this place out! I'd definitely go back!Definitely one of the worst meals I've ever had in my life. Fried chicken was dry as hell, Mac and cheese tasted like chlorine/straight tap water. Collard greens had chunks of dirt/sand. Nothing that me or my friend with me had was anything above mediocre. Can't believe the prices they charge for such below average food. Standards here are insanely low.I would say this place is very mediocre.  The service wasn't great, but not terrible.   We went for breakfast and had Eggs Benedict, but instead of poached eggs, they fried them.  Why?   How hard is it to poach eggs?  Does the chef not know how?  You can't put fried eggs on corn bread (also weird), with like 1/2 teaspoon of hollandaise and call it Eggs Benedict.  I wouldn't go here again.Me and my roommate had been meaning to stop in here for a while. Wanted to try a new local  place and support a black business! Came in Friday evening and what an experience it was. The ambience and decor in this place is excellent. Very much date night/nice night out vibes. We were greeted warmly by all of the staff and our serve Shae brought us to our table. I ordered the pan seared trout with green beans and these small potatoes. My friend ordered the mac and cheese stuffed meatloaf. And....WOWWWW. The food was so damn good. The trout was cooked perfectly with a nice crispy skin on the outside. My friend's dish that I tried was so well seasoned and the meat was juicy. We ordered dessert. Waffle ice cream sandwich for me with chocolate sauce subbed in instead of the strawberry and peach cobbler. Both were bomb.com. From start to finish an excellent night.  Shoutout to our waitress Shae who was amazing! Such good vibes and energy from her. Also the manager (I didn't catch his name) who took the time to check in on us and made sure not to pull my plate away until I had that last perfect bite. We will be back!I was so excited to finally be eating at Bookers- we decided to do this on my Mom's 72nd birthday. So we went into restaurant the day before and asked whether we needed a reservation for the following day for a party of 6. They said no reservation necessary but if more than 6 people they recommend that we call ahead. We arrived on Monday eve as planned at 530pm to be met by a man who we can only presume was the Manager who very curtly ushered us out by informing us that the restaurant was closed and there was a private event that was planned way ahead in advance. We informed him that we stopped in the day before and was not alerted of this event when mentioning that we would be coming in the following day.. he said sorry and quickly shut the door behind us.. honestly that experience dulled my taste buds for them.. Booooooo!!! Very, very bad service..Dreadful operations do no justice to the amazing food. Air con was not working: inside temp was in the 80s. We had to wait 30 mins for our drinks, but the management did comp them. Our server clearly had no training, and we had to wait too long for all courses. We want to return for the incredible food but wouldn't do so any time soon without evidence of operational improvement.Great addition to the neighborhood! My 3rd visit for brunch and each time I visit it seems to get even better. Seriously good food and fantastic service. Parking has not been a problem.I really liked this restaurant a lot.  It has a very funky vibe.  It has indoor/outdoor seating.  They have several interesting vegetarian options, including a vegan jambalaya (!).  I had the veggie Black Bean Burger, and, honestly, it was one of the best burgers that I have had in a long time.  I recommend this restaurant.I met up with a few coworkers on a Saturday and we went here. I have been trying to make it back since!
I really liked the place and thought the food was excellent. They even let my one coworker bring his bike in out of the rain. Mind you it was a folding bike. 
So I hope to make it back and add more details to my review. In the meantime try and get there yourself! No self important yelp review will make your life complete!Cute spot in west Philly! Went for graduation dinner the atmosphere is really nice loved the vibe with the lighting and wooden tables. The food however was just okay I would say for the price. Nice presentation but the portions were on the smaller side and was overall a little too salty.This place is truly a gem.  I had dinner here with my sister (a very picky eater) last night and we had a great time.  Booker's is so beautifully decorated - has the feel of an upscale restaurant, but at reasonable prices.  The food is delicious and the wine selection is amazing.  I ordered the Caesar salad, fries, mushroom w/ cheese, and plenty of Merlot.  
The service is excellent.  From the time we arrived to the time we left the entire staff was simply a class act.  They have so much patience....so friendly.  
Parking is ample.  By the time we finished dinner, the restaurant had filled up considerably, so although Booker's is only 5 weeks old it looks like word is getting out.  I'll definitely be coming back!I am so happy that this place has opened up in the neighborhood. My husband and I had dinner there (with our 1-year-old) last week on Friday night. The whole experience was very nice, and we plan to make this our go-to neighborhood spot (with or without our baby). I had been a little nervous to bring a child without knowing whether the place was set up for children, but the entire staff was very attentive, kind, and accommodating to us and our son. We were seated right away when we arrived at approximately 6pm on a Friday, our food came fairly quickly, and it was delicious. The food was affordable and high quality. We both had the waffles -- my husband had the chicken and waffle and I had the vegan falafel waffle. Both were delicious. I also like that the restaurant has a separate section for the bar seating; it looks like it would be a nice place to go for a fun evening out and we definitely plan to return.Amazing friendly service. Very kind manager and attentive waitstaff. Great French toast and chicken and waffles! Wish I lived near here to come regularly.Tried Booker's last night for the first time. Great meal - the service was topnotch. Patrons and staff very friendly. I'll be sure to return.Food was really amazing!!! I got the shrimp and grits which did not disappoint. Perfect balance of flavors. Drinks were okay and service was okay which is why I gave the 4 stars. I'd go back for the food though for sureI heard great things about this place and I was very excited to go but I was sadly disappointed. The service was poor and the food was not cooked to order.  We did not get somethings that were ordered or came with the meal like fresh fruit or coffee. 
I hope it was just a bad day for them, I am looking forward to experiencing what others have raved about.Wow! I walked in, crowded. That's a good sign, maybe because it's St. Patrick's day. I Approached a hostess and asked " is there any seating elsewhere because I see the bar and the dining area is crowded." She walked me to the bar, found me a spot/place, no seat though, but I was alright with that. I flagged the bartender then placed a drink order and it came right away. Then another patron came in, walked up to the bar next to me and before he could say a word out of his mouth, Matt, the bartender asked him "will you be staying at the bar, do you need a chair?" I Found that strange since I was standing next to that patron. The patron stated that he was waiting for guest, but he wouldn't mind a chair. I was a little bothered by that. A short time after the same hostess, who's name begins with an "H" approached me and mentioned to me that a chair was available and she would bring it over if I would like. I said "yes" and she did. I told her that " I came to get a meal and check out the vibe, but I don't think I will now, I will finish my double shot of Bookers Bourbon and Stella then leave because of what transpired with Matt." The hostess greeted entering patrons, seated them and after awhile returned and asked me " how was everything?" I expressed myself and she said " I'm sorry you aren't satisfied." She excused herself and walked away returning with the manager. I expressed myself to him and he listened. I finished my drinks then exited.
 After leaving I came across two friends whom I haven't seen in a while; they where at the ATM. I told them about my experience and how dissatisfied I was but suggested that we have a drink since it's been awhile seeing each other and also observe Matt, so that they could tell me if what I assumed about my service was genuine or if I was making "something out of nothing." The place was now less crowded. We got seats at the bar and Andrew (Go NAVY) who served us, was the best; I mean he attended as needed and was very very polite. Unlike Matthew, who served me on my first visit. Andrew was so pleasant that I decided to spend more money, starting a tab for my friends and I and ordering the fish meal which I initially wanted to order on my first visit. Without the " Matt" experience I had an overall great time and the fish meal was very appetizing as well as satisfying. Thank you for the experience: Andrew; "H" and the MANAGER! I moved from a two(2) to a five(5)  star rating. I will go there again. I will refer friends. I will just tell them to avoid Matt.I will start by saying that the food here was very good. My boyfriend and I ordered the blueberry cheesecake French toast, the Booker's burger, and the banana pudding dessert. All of it tasted good. The reason I had to give this place 3 stars (I wanted to give 2 but the food saved them) is because the service was HORRIBLE. We waited an hour for our food and they weren't even that busy. There were 2 couples seated on either side of us that came in after us and were practically finished their food before we were even served our food. Multiple times we would ask for an extra utensil or for a side of ketchup or something and we would see the servers just chatting away taking 5-10 mins to grab what we needed. This place was already kind of out of the way for us as it was and I really wanted to like this place but between the absolutely terrible service and the location, I won't be visiting here again unfortunately.We came here after visiting the Please Touch Museum. We found it on Yelp and it seemed like a good option since it was 2 miles away and had good reviews online. 
Ambiance/Decor:
The restaurant has good ambiance- decor is nice and modern, but somewhat rustic.  There is a nice bar area with high top seating. Tables are wooden and glossy. The seating against the wall is missing some buttons and the soap in the bathroom was  watered down to the point that it didn't make any suds. The restaurant seemed clean. Menus were large and double sided and laminated. Kids menu were printed with a maze and a few things to color. Overall, it had a good vibe and they played good music. 
Service: 
Our waitress came over right away to get our drink orders. The kids ordered lemonade and water, I order a rosé that came bottled. She came back to let us know there was no lemonade, which the kids were sad about. She dropped off the mini bottle of rosé but forgot to bring a glass for it to be poured into for quite some time. Taking our order was admittedly not easy with one vegan and one person with a severe dairy allergy. She handled it well and was able to make some substitutions and reassured us about the safety of the food we order for the toddler with the milk allergy. 
Food:
The kids had pancakes, bacon and eggs and all seemed happy. The toddler with the milk allergy ate bacon, eggs, and French fries and he also loved his food. The adults ordered banana French toast (bananas were not ripe but French toast was good), vegan tofu scramble (which was fantastic and served with the tastiest potatoes, but was also the only true vegan option on the brunch menu), pancakes, grits, and home fries (also happy with his food). Overall, the food was good and we were happy! 
I got the impression this place was newish and may have some kinks to work out, but I think they are on the right track. Best of luck to them!Our meal you was excellent as was the service. Atmosphere was convivial as well. 
I think it's kinda strange that Leah M dropped her review from five stars to three just because she didn't like the creamed chipped beef. Sounds like she takes that real way too seriously.Dude... the chicken and waffles; get them and thank me later. One of the greatest brunch dishes in the history of mankind.
So I know this guy we'll leave anonymous in respect of personal privacy (cough... Byron... cough, cough) who told me to come peep this place.
I've been for both brunch and dinner. So, this may seem small potatoes to you, but seriously, the chef's potatoes are fantastic. First, the home fries are the best I've ever had. Perfectly browned, crisped and seasoned while retaining a tender inside. They're divine. When it comes to fried potatoes, it's Booker's and the lard-fried potatoes from Paesano's that reign supreme atop my mountain. Same deal... the fingerlings that come with the trout entree... perfect.
Yo chef... you sir, are the fucking potato master.
Anyway, like I said... the chicken and waffles are dope as fuck. I also had the veggie omelet... precise execution combined with the smooth & creamy texture of the goat cheese careening about the firmer veggies makes for a cacophony on the palette... plus the shit just taste divine.
I'm starting to get lazy so Cliffs Notes to follow:
* Fried smelts = solid
* Deviled Eggs = dope
* Potato Chips & truffled sour cream = dope
* Pickled Local Mushrooms = dope (of note... acidic and bring a lil' fiyah... grown folks shit)
* Buffalo Cauliflower = dope
* Caesar with Oysters = super dope
* Brussel Sprouts = super dope
* Pan Seared Trout = super dope
* Veggie Omelet = super duper dope
* Chicken & Waffles = a motherfucking superstar
The service was helpful, kind, and attentive. 
PS - Whatevs Byron... yeah yeah, you were correct. Anyway, go to Booker's... especially for brunch.I recently went on a Monday for Happy Hour which is weekdays 5 to 7 p.m. HH is for bar seating only which is kind of a drag because they do have outdoor seating. But at least there is the open windows which gives the feeling of being outside. Nice atmosphere and friendly bartender. Great variety of HH specials. I had fried calamari and fried pickles. Calamari was rubbery. Pickles were tasty. I had a summer draft beer that was refreshing and light. I'll definitely go again.UPDATE 8/20/2017 somethings should remain traditional such as chipped creamed beef. Creamed implies milk or CREAM! Here it's served in a 'brown' gravy tried it sorry this is wrong on so many levels! Something's you just can't serve with a 'twist. Now to the home fries they arrived cubed, hard(undercooked) and cold. 
ORIGINAL REVIEW! With time on my hands on the way home from a concert I decided to make use of the Yelp APP to fine a bite to eat. Bookers was open and on a major street. Upon arrival I was greeted and seated promptly. The server offered several seating options, after choosing the open door/window  seat he immediately went over the dinner specials and some popular menu items. 
To start I ordered for a glass of Prosecco, initially he didn't believe the specific item I asked for was available. It was, however it was flat but I drank it anyway! Shortly after my drink arrived I was served 'homemade' potato chips cooked in truffle oil it came with a sour cream and onion dipping mixture. The chips were so good I asked for some to go. The two finicky eaters in the house loved them as well. One stated 'these are the best homemade chips I've ever tasted'. Back to my meal.  For my appetizer I ordered the deviled eggs, the filling was not as stiff as I prefer, they also were not runny which was fine because the flavor was exceptional. Finally I had the most delicious pan seared Trout with I believe fingerling potatoes (not sure of the type)and string beans. The meals are moderately priced which matches the portion.
This place has it all for the hipsters to the mature crowd. The seating options: outdoor, bar, main dining area and large open window/door view. The service and food is excellent. On top of that did I tell you about the live band? The music performed Tuesday 7/25/17  @9:00pm is something I wouldn't typically listen to but if it sounds good it's all good and it was. I asked about Happy Hour I was pleasantly surprised to learn its everyday 5-7. 
Bookers 5021 Baltimore Ave, Philadelphia, PA IS THE PLACE TO BE!My whole fam loves this place. I would just go to get hugs from Jeremy but its an added bonus that the food is fantastic and the drinks are well-crafted.  The happy hour specials are shockingly good with small food plates at a discounted rate as well so you can go and drink 3 drinks and have 2 small plates for $20 (not including generous tip that you need to leave). We went for breakfast just recently and they actually impressed my mother (she asks for RUNNY eggs for chris'sakes, ew, and the server or cook realized the eggs were NOT runny so made another batch and gave them to us both) so that is some sort of miracle. Great place, glad its in my neighborhood, perfect median between classy and affordable yet exudes homey comfort from the decor and friendly staff.
My daughter Cat: SO GOOD! I really like the buttermilk pancakes. they were SO good! This is my favorite place!I love this place!!! I've been doing happy hours all over the city since the weather finally broke and this is definitely one of my favorites!!! First the city-wide special can't be beat! It's a pint of draft beer, a shot of whiskey and fried pickles all for $6. Such a great deal! The pickles were delicious and I tried the new Hell or High Watermelon wheat ale draft and loved it. I also tried the sangria which tasted like juice (not sure if it was made really well to mask the taste of the alcohol or barely had any in it to begin with) and the house Pinot which I loved. For food we had the deviled eggs, buffalo cauliflower, meatball parm, and calamari. The calamari was not even warm, undercooked, and under-seasoned. Two other parties also at the bar didn't like it either. One couple ate it anyway. The lady next to me sent hers back with mine. They both came back hot but still tasteless and too rubbery. We just asked for it to be removed altogether. The rest of the food more than made up for it though. The meatballs were incredibly flavorful, hot and served in a bed a sauce and gooey cheese with garlic toast. They were incredible! The buffalo cauliflower was even better! It was lightly flash fried and coated in buffalo sauce served with blue cheese dressing. The texture and flavors combined perfectly to create an amazing dish. We really wanted to order another one but were too full to do so. The bartender was very friendly and helpful although not as attentive as she could have been. I will definitely be back to support this BOB.So so solid. Only had the brunch, but every dish has been delish. Easy to get a table. Great service.1.) #WineOnTap $5 
2.) #GreensAreTheNewKale
3.) #ChickenAndWaffles
4.) #Burger
5.) #BuffaloCauliflower
Haven't tried everything yet but will! 
So Bookers atmosphere is great! The food is tasty and well seasoned. The greens need to be a side dish option. It won't put Bookers in a soul food box it will put Bookers in a smart head of the curve box! 
DO IT!Two of us had dinner at Booker's last evening and it was wonderful. Server Katie was friendly, prompt, and everything she recommended was delicious! Shrimp corndog, crab cake salad, and specials were superb. Finished with waffle and ice-cream. Perfect.
Highly recommend.Love this place!  I highly recommend the chicken and waffles. The staff is friendly, it never feels crowded. Excellent brunch spot.Very welcoming West Philly gem. A friend had a birthday brunch here with a large party and they were very accommodating. Excellent friendly service and delicious food. The ambience speaks for itself.I absolutely LOVE this place!!! The food is amazing. The shrimp and grits are made with love. The Buffalo Brussel sprouts are great! Calamari is something I usually don't eat. @ Bookers  i do! To top it off the customer service is extraordinary! Matt, Olive and Jeremy are wonderful!!!! They greet me every time I come in and makes me feel so welcomed! Its a great atmosphere here I love this place and hope it thrives for years to come!!I was hesitant to go to Booker's because I figured it would be populated by the insufferable breed of hipsters that overrun West Philly.  Much to my surprise, I saw not a single hipster at Booker's!  It took a little while to be seated because there wasn't a clear host and it seemed like the bartender was functioning as bartender, waiter, and host.  He was very nice but a big problem throughout the meal was that they seemed to be really understaffed.  We must have waited an hour for an omelette and home fries.  They did bring out the buffalo cauliflower right away and it was incredibleeeee.  So cripsy and perfect sauce flavor.  The omelette and home fries were good, too.   Overall I enjoyed the food but service left a lot to be desired.  The waiter was nice but seemed overburdened with responsibility.  Maybe this was a one off.  I'll definitely go back sometime and see if they do better next time.Mat the bar manager is extremely attractive. Yelp said a one-sentence review is too short, so I'll say it again: Mat's got it goin on.Booker's is so much fun. The atmosphere is semi-upscale, but it's in a casual area - just west of University City on Baltimore. The happy hour specials are great! All drafts are $3 and selected appetizers are half off. For vegetarians, I highly recommend trying the buffalo cauliflower. This dish is served with bleu cheese. I don't know where they get that stuff, but it is without a doubt, the best bleu cheese dip I've ever had. It has giant chunks of cheese. For others, I suggest the ham and biscuits. I'm not generally a pork fan, but the spicy mustard on these bad boys is incredible.Wonderful food and service- especially a waiter we just had with our family named Kashta, who was outstanding.
The happy hour is wonderful but do not miss the desserts!!!First timer. We stopped by in the late afternoon and were seated immediately. My fiancé and I ordered the small plates: Deviled eggs (2 eggs halved to four pieces), Brisket biscuits (2 biscuits), Brussel sprouts in a nicely-sized casserole dish (they know how to make them taste delicious!), and the chocolate dessert. Great service, each plate was delicious and savored, and the price was totally reasonable. It was a very nice and open environment; you're not sitting on top of one another. We're looking forward to returning for the brunch and for a full dinner in the near future. Booker's is a great addition to the neighborhood and offers an eclectic menu of American food. Well done, Booker's!I went to Booker's for brunch last Sunday. The food was great! I ordered the popular chicken & waffles and I was no disappointed. It was busy, as expected, but we got our food in no time. The drinks took a little longer but they were good as well. I would go back again for Brunch and I would like to try their dinner menu as well. I also want to do a plug for Aksum as well (under the same ownership)! If brunch at Booker's is too bust head a few blocks down to Aksum. They are great as well!!My husband and I finally decided to try this restaurant since we live in the area. I had chicken and waffles, my husband had blackened catfish with mashed potatoes and collard greens. My chicken was just ok, a little dry. It probably would have been better had that used thigh meat. The waffle was good. My husband thoroughly enjoyed his meal. The chips and dip they bring to the table were addictive! Oh so salty, but couldn't stop eating them! The service was attentive. Oh, and by the way, get the buffalo cauliflower... you'll be glad you did!.Something a little different for the Cedar Park neighborhood, Booker's wouldn't feel out of place in Center City, but for the most part keeps within the expected price range of West Philly. Decent wine list, a few local beer on tab, and a few vegan options. I've had the vegan jambalaya twice and it is great, just spicy enough! Great service as well.Stumbled upon this place on Yelp and had great reviews so decided to give it a shot. The reviews lived up to my expectations. I can't give a 5 just because I didn't have an actual meal there.  
Place- Semi-Spacious. There is bar seating on side of the restaurant and the other side has a dining area. We sat in the dining area and loved the decor and the ambiance. It has an classy and intimate feeling.  
Staff/Service- From when we initially stepped into the restaurant, everyone was so nice, friendly, and attentive. Our waitress was great with giving the most popular suggestions on the menu and filling me in on all the new additions to the neighborhood! 
Food: Great variety on the menu!  
   Crispy Mozzarella Cheese Curds: Not very flavorful with the French Onion dip they come 
   with. Also they could have been a little more crispy. The marinara sauce concoction that our 
    waitress gave us to tried easily took the curds from a 3 to a 9! 
   Potato Chips: Perfectly fresh, crispy, and salty. The truffle sour cream hit the spot!
   Buffalo Cauliflower: WOW! JUST WOW! I am a little biased because I love everything with 
   buffalo sauce, but the texture and amount of sauce on the dish was perfect. Came with bleu 
   cheese, celery, and carrots. Perfect substitute for wings for a vegetarian, however my 
   boyfriend was loves meat even found them to taste amazing.  
Dessert: We just got one since my boyfriend doesn't really like desserts. Crazaaaay...I KNOW!  The waitress recommended the banana croquettes, which I really wanted to get. However, I had my eye on the Chocolate Ice Cream Waffle Sandwich. The dessert was great, but it tasted like I could get anywhere else. Next time I am here, I will definitely get the banana croquettes.  
I will definitely be visiting here again very soon : )First of all, the service here is amazing. The waitress at our table was super courteous. I had the fried cod with French fries and tartar sauce. My friend had grilled trout with green beans. Both entries are tasty. I wish they could put more tartar sauce in my plate. Only issue is that the potato chips served at the beginning was burnt and bitter.Just moved to the city and excited that this tapas place was close to our new home! However everything about this place seemed mediocre at best - except for the ambiance. The decor and vibe was relaxed fancy.
The food:
- Complimentary chips and sour cream truffle sauce: it tasted like it was complimentary only because it was a bad batch that they were trying to get rid. A soggy stale (if that's even possible??)
- Veggie burger was ehh, completely fell apart after the first bite 
Big let downService was great and so was the ambience. A perfect spot for a date in West Philly. Every girl could feel the love with the design and decor. A little pricey for the quality. My son had the waffle and chicken -$18 (tasty) my friend on the other hand had a burger (dry) $15. Once again the ambience and service was great!When we went, there was an average crowd, so I could not understand why service was so poor. Our original drink order had to be picked up by the host after asking us if we wanted to place a drink order. Staff seemed more concerned with chatting with each other than checking on tables. Food was OK but not good enough to overcome the service level.This place had been under renovation for months. I initially thought it was a new book store opening in my area until I saw the bar going in!!! I passed by on a Saturday night for what I learned was a soft opening and I was pleasantly surprised. 
A Fully stocked bar and amazing food! I indulged in Red Wine (since I'm on a cleanse,lol). And ordered a host of apps. My favorite are the deviled eggs topped with bacon yummm!!! My boy friend and I shared the brisket biscuit and fish and chips. All great food to wash down with alcohol. 
They also have a full menu and a dining area which is great for large groups. I will for sure be back with friends.I went in for a Sunday brunch, no wait so I was happy.  Nice ambiance and it was clean.  The food was amazing.  I had pancakes and a lox omlette (yes, I was hungry).  My dining companion had eggs and bacon with absolutely perfect hasbrowns.  
This is why it's not a 5: The bathroom had watered down soap in the soap dispenser, which makes me wonder where the staff washed their hands.  Yipes!   
Second, even though the staff was very friendly, they a bit forgetful and a tad inattentive.  Brought hashbrowns without ketchup, there was only one glass on the table, etc.  They were very nice though about it.  
I'll be back.Booker's is cute and a good spot for drinks and maybe some snacks, but I wouldn't recommend them for dinner. I've eaten there a few times now and have been disappointed by the food and the service. Each visit one or more parts of the order were mixed up or forgotten, and the service was slow and inconsistent. Some of the menu items are great (buffalo cauliflower, especially), but unfortunately much of what I've tried was mediocre.Phenomenal food and atmosphere. I got the chicken and waffles, that far exceeded my expectations. The staff are so attentive and friendly. The restaurant itself has outdoor seating and great decor.Our local go-to for good beer and burger at the bar, or a cocktail and dinner in the dining room.  Food reliable, fun menu changes, very reasonably priced.   Interesting and updated without being precious or contrived.  Just plain good!   Sometimes specials a bit too spicy, but they'll fix it.   Always a warm welcome.   Outside tables in warm weather are like a neighborhood fair - lots of lively chatter and clinking glasses and a rainbow of types of people, just like West Philadelphia!Really great customer service! Buffalo cauliflower is delicious & a must have on the menu. Chix & Waffles is also greatWhat a great new spot in west philly! My family and I went for a Friday night dinner. The food was delicious, the server and owner (?manager) were friendly and welcoming and the atmosphere was really comfortable. The kitchen was a little slow, but I'm not subtracting a star for that because they were smart enough to make sure the kids plates were out first. We will definitely return.Saturday's usually set aside to take my wife out for breakfast and will usually double down as our weekly date, and we have always been safe when it came to breakfast, however we decided to take a chance with something different this time and I'm so glad we did. Let's start with the host and front end staff, seating was very fast,  Billy the host was extremely friendly, courteous and accommodating, Siobhah (shew- ban) our waitress was incredible and although had only been on the job a few weeks, knew her stuff, and her recommendation of the shrimp and grits was right on. And to top it all off, Jeremy the manager brought out our meal to our table, truly a breathtaking  and an awesome experience. I've always love my grits and have been trying for years to get my wife to like it, Booker`s just sold her on it. Thanks Booker`s and your entire staff.It was easy to make a reservation. The atmosphere was relaxing. Staff attentive and friendly. Food amazing! We had chicken and waffles. Waffles were savory and fluffy. Chicken was breaded just right and cooked to perfection. Overall experience was great.I had brunch at Booker's a few Sundays ago with a group of four. It was busy at first, so we waited at the bar where we were immediately helped by the friendly bartender, who offered us some of the house-made "corn nuts." I was starving, so these hit the spot while we waited. We waited a long time for our food, but it didn't bother me much. The staff were great, as was the food. I ordered a salad and mussels. The butter pan-fried bread that came with the mussels was a bit too heavy for me to finish, but so good. Despite the long wait for our food, I'd definitely recommend checking out Booker's for brunch.The food was good it was just bad timing on a Sunday. We had to wait over an hour for our food. The staff kept us posted and advised us about the delay. I would definitely come here again and give it another shot.Delicious food!! Great selection (small and large plates, good prices!) Wonderful staffing and atmosphere (both indoor and outdoor seating) Will definitely be back!**3.5 Stars**Hello fellow Helpers, there are few things I love more than trying a new brunch spot! Sometimes I fall in love, other times it makes me wanna holler; this visit did neither. Service- not impressed, took a while for the server to arrive at our table,  waited about 10 minutes  for a glass of ice, refills were not given without asking and once we were finished eating we sat for another 15minutes  for our server (we eventually flagged her down-shameful) not good. Management- train and higher more servers or you may find yourself less busy in the future.
Appraiser: Mussels-ok,tiny, sauce was a little watery and could use more flavor (2.5). Deviled eggs-ok, nothing to rave about.
Entrees: Blueberry Pancakes-pretty yummy nice texture (Solid 5 stars)
Crabcake Benny- one of the yolks were cracked and ran into the fruit which is a major violation, but the dish itself was very good. It was so good that I was willing to overlook the loss of 1 egg yolk! 
Overall, a disappointing experience to some degree. We may try them again but they really need to fix some things (the table next to us had to send their food back twice, and I saw some seriously burnt bacon on one of their plates). I say give them a try, if you are feeling lucky you may have a good brunch!Yummy, what a hidden gem. We were visiting from California and were staying just across the street during our recent visit to Philly. I yelped options in the area and Bookers seemed like a no-brainer. The service was nice, the food was good, and the prices were reasonable. 
The three of us within our party decided to grab a few dishes and try a little bit of everything. We had the waffle and chicken, a salad, and the mac n' cheese which was the star of the night.As others have pointed out, Booker's is a wonderful addition to Baltimore Ave.  The place looks great without being fancy.  The food is delicious, but not pretentious.  The wait staff are nice, if casual.  Booker's is a solid restaurant and bar in an area where the pickings are (currently) slim.  We live around the corner from Booker's and in the short few weeks since it has opened, it has already become a regular spot.  Pro tip: they serve food at the bar, which can be a very pleasant place to take your meal.So excited about this place - it's a wonderful atmosphere, the staff is attentive and clearly really care about your experience. The happy hour is ca-razy good, and the food is delish. (The eggs and mussels especially). Looking forward to being a regular :)Great Service! Food was great (deviled eggs and brisket biscuit). Drinks on point! The owner is amazing and friendly. Great vibe for drink happy hour or date night. Everything is consistently good.We started going here when they opened but hadn't been in a while because the food had gotten a little boring. Then we decided to head back tonight after learning that they have a new chef and updates to the menu and man was that a great decision! The hot chicken was fantastic along with the spinach and mac n cheese sides. My partner had the veggie burger that was also super tasty and the fries were great. The prices were all reasonable. If you haven't been, you need to give it a try!!My favorite spot for great food, great drinks and a laid back mellow experience. The food is simply delicious. None of that foo-foo stuff that makes you wonder what you are eating. It's still interesting, well presented and just plain good ! Out table had honey dipped chicken, creamed greens and mac n cheese with some sweet cornbread. OMG, it was amazing !. The rest of the group had ribs, which fell off of the bone and Booker's burger, which my friend thoroughly enjoyed. She could only eat 1/2 ! We were so full, we couldn' make it to dessert.  My friend is already planning our next visit ! Make sure you hit them up. It's a great dining experience!
PS -We lucked up and there was a nice 3 piece group playing some relaxing music.  NICE !!Really great customer service! Buffalo cauliflower is delicious & a must have on the menu. Chix & Waffles is also great. The cocktails are also tasty. Has a great vibe that's good for happy hour, brunch or dinner.Word to the wise: don't go there if you have an allergy. I have Celiac, and accordingly ordered split pea soup without croutons. When eating the soup, I realized they just plucked the croutons out, leaving crumbs behind.A friend of mines recommended we come here for brunch and I was pleasantly surprised. They were having an event when we went so we sat at the bar because the sun was beaming on the tables outside and we wanted to be able to enjoy our meal. Although there was not a huge selection of items to chose from, I did select the meal with eggs, sausage, biscuit, and hasbrowns which was very good. We also ordered mimosas (plain). Even though later I realized they had flavored mimosas which also looked tasty and sweet. The waiter was very nice and checked in on us to make sure everything was good. Overall I was highly pleased and will be coming back.Place is bangarang. Best happy hour specials. Live music. Quick service. Matt is a great bartender. Go in and see him.My wife and I have been passing this place by for a while and finally decided to stop in.  We decided to get the mozzarella cheese curds for an appetizer which were delicious.  I ordered from the brunch menu and ended up getting the crab cake benedict and let me tell ya, these were the best crab cakes I have had in a very long time!  My wife ordered the chicken and waffles.The portion was large and very tasty!  Everything came to the table piping hot and fresh.  The full bar is great and the atmosphere is very inviting.  I will definetly be back with friends.Good service and good food clean place good for happy hr and more drinks are also good I enjoy myself evey time we goSo if you are visiting Philly and all you search out is a cheesesteak, you are doing yourself a great injustice. My cousin and I were in town for the rock n roll race and I searched this place out on Yelp. I was so delighted we chose this place as our post race meal. The atmosphere is really chill. It reminds me of a brunch spot in Brooklyn, which is home, so I loved that! The staff is so awesome! They are totally professional but all types of wonderful and chill. Now let's get to the real, the food, YUM, YUM AND YUM! This is going to sound crazy but order the brussel sprouts. They make them with this cheese sauce that is all types of amazing and comfort food at its best. My cousin doesn't even like brussel sprouts and she finished them off. We also had the tiny fish. I will warn you, it has bones. They are easy to remove but if you are looking for boneless then go on to something else on the menu. I was full after just that but we both ordered entrees. I had the shrimp and grits, which I boxed without tasting and she had the banana French toast (I'm sure the name on the menu is more eloquent but I don't remember it). It was sooooo good! I was like a happy, full baby who wanted to nap but had to drive back to dc afterwards. Because I'm committed I did eat my shrimp and grits later that night, it traveled well and it was delicious! I have to give a special shout out to our server Shay, who was awesome and delightful, made great food recommendations, and packed my food with such care.We went for late evening meal after hearing the great reviews for friends. We ordered crab cakes sliders. The crab cake sliders arrived with cold buns and very little lemon aioli sauce on them....I mean less than a dab. We also ordered the seafood Mac n cheese. Surprisingly this was just box Mac n cheese with seafood mixed in. It lacked salt and flavor, definitely was not baked. It was just ok. 
The mixed drinks were subpar. No balance with the flavors. 
Our server Jayson was great. Not sure if I'll try againOk, where do I begin. First of all the food was good BUT the service was not the best. We had a new waiter/server which was not a great thing. We ordered the listed. See the comments next to each meal. One thing I can say is that the manager Tiffany was very professional and was on-point. I will return to give them another play. One more thing, we ordered from the Black Philly Restaurant prefix menu, online the cost of the meal was listed at $24 before tax/gratuity, when we ordered at the restaurant, the prefix menu was listed at $30 before tax- honestly it wasn't worth the $30. 
Food Review:
The trout- way too many bones!! And the cook forgot the mash sweet pot.
Blackened Catfish- a little salty, but overall it was good.
Deviled Eggs- ok, would not order again
Buffalo Cauliflower- very good; definitely a app that can be shared
Chicken and waffles- can I say delish?!! Very good!!
Caesar Salad- was good
Salmon was maple glaze- good, but mash pot was cold, but I would order it again
I think we just came on a bad night. Which made our experience not too good. And I think they're a little overpriced. The portion size was ok. We left feeling full. 
Almost forgot, the drinks are so-so. If you go for the Happy Hour it only applies if you're sitting at the bar or outside. I had the green apple sangria, would not order it again. My husband had the rasp mojito he said it was ok.
I recommend Bookers.Enjoyed a nice evening out celebrating with family. Every staff member was exceptionally welcoming and friendly. A few even took a genuine interest in chatting with our two year old. Food took a while to come out (maybe 20+ minutes), but we felt well-attended too and everything was quite enjoyable. 
Crab napoleon salad was perfect. Sweet, crabby, well dressed.
Seafood mac and cheese was the star. The mac and cheese was perfectly seasoned to support the ample seafood that topped it. It was balanced very well as a dish. I would not eat the mac and cheese on its own nor the seafood by itself, but bite after bite, the large morsels of crab, shrimp, and crayfish complemented perfectly a solid pasta in cheese sauce. 
Ribs and salmon were both throughly enjoyable. Full disclosure, the salmon was not standout, but it was tasty. I would have crusted it with a  sweet potato puree instead of shreds of sweet potato, but their preparation did have a freshness to the sweet potato that I will give them credit for. 
Blueberry compound butter and cornbread was a wonderful side to the ribs.
Anyway, it was worthwhile evening and we will definitely be back. 
Booker's, you have a wonderful way of treating your customers like your family's close friends, amicable, cared for and you serve a wonderful meal! Thank you!Amazing food and drinks. Great atmosphere. I've visited this location on four different occasions and looking forward to returning.Absolutely do not pass go- get to Bookers!  The food is wonderful and the chef is beyond good.  It's definitely the first place I'd recommend you visit if you come to West Philly.
The staff are also accommodating and fast.
Definitely try this place if you haven't already!!!I am absolutely pleased with this place. Me and a friend of mine went here a few weeks ago & I loved it. The atmosphere is nice, the food was great. Excellent customer service. Nice crowd. Adult setting but seems to be kid friendly as well.  it!Found it on a whim. A great neighborhood establishment. Loved the feel of the place.
The food we had was delicious. I'm sure there is not a bad item on the menu, just from tasting what we ordered.
Drinks were delicious, the staff is friendly and the menu is reasonably priced.
The night we were there, service was horrible.
All said, We'll be back. It was that good, that makes it worth trying again.The restaurant had a nice vibe and atmosphere. The food was ok, however we didn't have to wait too long for our food. The drinks were pretty tasty as well.