Came here looking for a casual Korean meal, and got slightly above average bar food. Guess we should've judged that from the "Korean-inspired Grille" label (or is it "Korean. Inspired. Grille."?), but we were expecting more "inspiration". My gf put it best when she said "It felt like someone looked at pictures of Korean dishes and tried to replicate them without ever actually eating them."
Started with Vegetable Mandoo and Tuna Poke. Mandoo wasn't bad; sweet fried dumplings. Though, they were plated with a mound of shredded wilted lettuce that was kind of unappetizing. Poke was fine, but served like some sort of fish Jell-o mold. Other than the tuna, which was decent quality, the rest of the "mold" was pretty flavorless filler and both the rice and seaweed salad seemed stale. Things went downhill from here.
Moved onto the KF Fried Fish Sandwich. This was basically fried cod like you'd get with fish n' chips, topped with a hard, half-ripe tomato and "slaw" which was some more of that same old wilted shredded lettuce. Also two tiny fried pickles about the size of a dime. This thing was nearly flavorless even with the dollop of asian tartar sauce they smeared on. The fish itself maybe would've been fine if it had been served as fish n' chips, but the sandwich composition could not have been more meh. It came with a side of "Korean Spiced Fries" which I'm almost positive were just stale french fries seasoned with paprika. 
Also tried the Mushroom Bibimbop (intentionally misspelled on the menu, to match their name, I guess?). Had all the ingredients the menu promised, but seriously lacked flavor, and the stone bowl was barely hot enough to sizzle things up. It sucks, because this should be their signature dish. If they get one thing wrong, it shouldn't be the thing they're named after.
Décor was nice, bright and clean. Service was good and attentive with multiple servers clearing plates and checking in. Ambiance would've been fine if not for the "DJ" perched on the upstairs balcony blasting out Caribbean dance music. His laptop literally said DJ, but he read more like a dude chilling in a chair next to the P.A. playing on his phone. We had to basically shout across the table throughout our meal so we could hear each other. 
Overall, this place was jusssst okay for pseudo-barely-Korean bar food, but nothing would really bring me back.I'm Korean.  I even make my own kimchi.  I give Bop 2 thumbs up.  Yesterday I had a Korean fuzed Cheesesteak sandwich. I think the nice, young man who greeted me was the chef and made it.  Sandy, our fearless server, was amazing tonight.  Had "pork bulgogi" which was cooked to perfection.  And the kimchi was stellar.  Cool venue for the hip and great food for the not so hip like me.  Nice drinks.  Good food.  Great ambience.This a really great spot for big groups! Its spatious, has a nice vibe and a lot of yummy dishes to share. I personally recommend the edamame ravioli, tuna poke, bop burger, kfc chicken, and the philly cheesesteak eggroll.  This is a korean western fusion place which is done really tastefully. If you want korean-korean food, the bibimbop is also really good- make sure you ask for extra hot sauce if you want it spicier. Would definitely come back here!Great atmosphere.  Bright and open seating area.  Big bar in the center.  The food was tasty.  Had a couple of dishes they were all different than I expected but in a good way.  I know a bunch of folks have waived about the wings.  The are extra crispy so if crunchy/crispy are not your thing, I would go another route.  Staff was very attentive without being pushy which was one of the best parts.I actually ordered BipandBap from here via GrubHub. It was very expensive and didn't even touch the BipandBap from BAP on South Street. Perhaps it's better in the restaurant?We was staying at the Double Tree so we decided to go to Bop for dinner since it was right across the street. We were seated promptly and staff was all nice. The place was very clean and hip. A full bar and the food was decent. The loaded Kimchi fries and kcf wings we had for appetizer were awesome. For entree some of us ordered bibimbap, my friend had the bop burger which she said was amazing and I had the pork bulgogi skillet which was a little too salty for me. Overall we were satisfied.8 of us went for a late lunch. I was impressed with the service and promptness. It was so well managed for a new place that just opened.  Bop had so many unique dishes we all wanted to try, we ordered a lot!! I think we tried every appetizers!! They were all so delicious and different. I liked the soft shell crab and kfc wings the best...Deep fried just right.  If you love Korean food but not in the mood for strong garlic, I think Bop is the right place with friends.I had the pleasure of eating here with large group. The following is the food that we sampled . Rock Shrimp, Tuna Poke , KFC wings , Edamame Raviolis , Cheesesteak Rolls, Fried Noodle Salad , Bop Burger and Bolgogi. I am not sure which one was my favorite , I loved them all. Bolgogi is very very good. I did highly recommend you give this a try. The food is Korean fusion and the presentation is great. 
I love the decor . White with black accents and an array of green plants. Simple and soothing. 
The bar sits in the middle of the restaurant and there is upstairs seating which looks over the restaurant. 
Also, location, location , location. What a awesome place in a great location with good food and atmosphere .
Stop in . You won't leave hungry, I promise.Overpriced and disappointing. Ordered whiskey neat (served with ice) and mojitos (served without selzter or simple syrup, with rotten mint leaves) and despite being among company who never sends items back, had to send the drinks back because they were made so poorly. The hanger steak and blue duck fries were well prepared, but everything else we ordered (party of 8) were flavorless and expensive. We eat out regularly in this city and are happy to pay top prices for good meals. Philadelphia has tons of places with incredible food, we were shocked at the poor quality of this new restaurant. Our waiter was very accommodating but would definitely never come back or recommend to anyone.Incredible flavors! We loved  the whole experience. Highly recommend one of their bowls. Salt and pepper Calamari App. Very clean, sleek, fun. Great service! Will return next time in Philadelphia.Just had the pleasure of eating at Bop & the food was to die for! I will be dreaming about their sea bass for weeks to come. It was heaven!!!! The service was excellent and my spicy Rita super yummy! Def recommend!Meh mediocre at best. But great service! 
We had the KFC wings with extra goopy sickening sweet sauce that was mostly batter and no chicken. Weird. 
Turkey Chili was more like turkey soup with beans. It was mostly water and the seasoning was way off. 
Cheesesteak Egg Rolls...meh. Kinda felt underwhelmed and like they were missing something. 
Great location with a good view of the street and city hall. 
Also the service was excellent. I have no idea what they are doing in the kitchen though.From the service to the design to the amazing food, I totally enjoyed our first here. I never ate at Bliss, so the layout was new and surprising. We ate in the upstairs, watched the NBA draft and had wings, stir fry and the sizzling plate. The wings were phenomenal and the cheesesteak egg rolls were so delish. This Korean style restaurant has so much to offer and I can't wait to go back!We stopped by to check out this new restaurant! Sandy was the BEST part of our visit. She was fast, attentive, explained the menu really well, made great suggestions and kept us happy throughout the entire stay. We started to chat with the people sitting next to us, who told us that they had our waitress before and lived her too. The decor is awesome and the drinks were good too. We will definitely come back!!A late lunch on a weekend afternoon and I expected more of a crowd. I made a reservation but it wasn't needed.  I'm sure they are much busier for dinner. 
Our server was very friendly and helpful and things were very timely. The restaurant is very open, airy and has bright decor with a good size bar and smaller second level for busy times. 
The food was fresh and flavorful and there is a pretty good mix of meat and vegetarian items on the menu.  I like that the salads start off vegetarian and allow you to add a meat for extra charge instead making a vegetarian feel like they are overpaying for a salad when they say hold the meat. 
We shared two starters/small plates, edamame ravioli and fried cauliflower and both were delicious! Then two salads, the chopped salad which gives you the peanut flavor and the fried noodle salad that is a bit lighter tasting and more fruity. Both were very good and fresh.Korean fusion gastropub. Location is awesome; inside is trendy yet casual. Recommend the burger and wings here.I hate to beat up on a place that just opened, but--
They didn't have a drink menu so I asked if they had any specialties. 
The Spicy Margarita I ordered appeared about 10 seconds later--it was premixed and premixed drinks, unless frozen,are almost never good, as was the case here. Not egregiously bad, mind you, but not good.
I ordered bimbop and a beer. I have to say I had my apprehensions about the food.  They call themselves "Korean Inspired"  and that is true--there was nary an Asian in sight. I've eaten at a lot of authentic Korean joints, many of them actually in Korea, so I don't expect some "inspired" white boys could do better but, hey, I strive to keep an open mind. 
I didn't get that far however, as my beer glass was spotted with dried soap residue.  It had not been properly rinsed and the bartender didn't notice. This is not me being picky or fussy--I'm talking multiple pea-sized white spots and streaks.. Sorry, but if you can't properly clean your glassware I won't be eating your food. 
Anyway, like I said, they just opened, but still...Came here with a few friends for Sips around 5:30. We sat at the bar even though restaurant was like 80% empty at the time. It was packed by 6:30ish (tables and bar), so get here early if you want to sit. Not as busy as other Sips restaurants though, so that's a plus. Nice, clean, trendy place with 2 floors that looked very spacious and welcoming, yet not "too" big. There was a mid-20s trendy crowd (aka not too many older 9-5'ers or bros).
The Sips beer selection sucked compared to other places (only Bud Light, Miller Lite and High Life on Sips menu) and they didn't have any beers on draft, only bottles. So I grabbed a 2 Gingers Mule and it was just ok.
The wings are pretty good. Nice and crispy how they should be. FYI - they only come in soy garlic flavor (no spicy option like other Korean places). The Korean nachos were also good. I haven't had anything like it and thought it was a creative fusion. I didn't have the bibimbop because I thought it was overpriced ($17-$18 for the meat option bibimpbop here vs $12-$14 at authentic Korean restaurants). 
The service sucked. We didn't get water and had to ask for small plates for apps. Then, I had to wait 10 mins to get the bartender's attention to get the check and when I was ready to pay, I had to wait another 10 mins because 1. she was talking to the other employees 2. she was texting and 3. when she made her "rounds" to check if anyone needed anything, she literally skipped over me and my friend's entire area of the bar twice. There is something very irritating about a bartender not checking on or even looking at 1/3 of the bar!
Would I recommend this place? Yes, because good food.
Would I personally come back? No, because terrible service.
TL;DR: 
Nice place, good food, bad Sips beer selection, no draft beers, terrible service.I like Bop.  This restaurant with its open kitchen is right in the center of the Avenue of the Arts. It is a nice laid-back alternative to the higher priced options all around it.  And it serves Korean food!  Okay maybe it's not the best Korean restaurant in Philly but it's not bad.  I enjoyed a Bulgogi Bi Bim Bap recently that was good enough.  And I began the meal with a red Caesar salad that had the added good flavor of caramelized anchovies.  The waitress was friendly and efficient.  And the TVs were turned to the Eagles game with lots of people watching them from the horseshoe bar.  After all Bop is partially owned by Eagles tight end Brent Celek.  
Tip - If you can show a theatre/concert ticket from that day, Bop offers a $15 two-course menu which has got to be the best bargain in the theatre district.  It's good before or after the performance.  Check it out!We were really excited to try Bop out but were definitely left a little disappointed. The three stars is mostly for location and service. We tried the KFC fried chicken which was sweet and covered mostly in batter. We could hardly taste the meat. The edamme ravioli was okay but there are other restaurants in the city that have this perfected. I think the best dish was the chicken soup -rich in flavor and not too heavy. They have outdoor seating with a view of city hall which is pretty nice in the evening. This review is for food only not cocktails.This restaurant is so beautiful, in and outside. I think the design is really on point, modern, clean and beautiful natural lighting. The food is very modern korean fusion so if you are looking for a true korean authenticity, go to Hmart food court or North Philly instead. My friend and I we went wild with our food choice, ordering too much. We tried the poke (the only reason why she picked this place) and it was average, the rice was a little too mushy ("wet") and I don't like my rice that way. They added seaweed salad in the middle of the poke, which is weird, there was no sauce too, so the thing taste like avocado tuna roll. I had the chicken soup which i think it's great, like a thin porridge with rice, soft boiled egg, shiitake mushrooms. We also got the korean chicken nachos and the KFC burger, for some reason, the nacho was so oily, the chicken patty also, so mayb the cook was rushing. The burger came w seasoned fries, which is good but a tat too salty. Overall the experience was nice, i love the lighting as it gave me beautiful food pictures. However the pictures looked better than how it tasted, which is a bit sad, but since they are new, I believe they will improve in the future!Very clean and brand new place. We all had the rice bowls and they are excellent! They were out of a few beverages on the menu but it was the Sunday after St Patrick's day weekend so it was understandable.
Negative: we were there on a Sunday afternoon around 5pm, and there was a DJ at the bar playing obnoxiously loud music. Nothing wrong with a DJ, but at 5pm? Could hardly hear anything.I went here for a quick drink before heading to the ballet.  I had a happy hour cocktail (an infusion with vodka and fruit).  The presentation was beautiful and the drink was light and delicious.  We sat at the bar and it seemed to be a nice mix of people.  The atmosphere is light and modern. I cannot speak to the quality of the food as we did not eat anything, however, the meals that others around us were eating looked and smelled delicious.  This is a prime location for pre/post show meals and I would consider coming back for a full meal.Four of us went to dinner last night here, sitting outside in the perfect June weather. The view of City Hall was a great backdrop to the meal. There were hits and misses both with this place...but it's still worth a visit.
Hits:
The small plates. We had the chicken nachos (just needed a bit more chicken) and the meat mandoo as apps. Yummy! And a reasonable price to boot. There was a couple next to us eating the fried chicken wings and a salad, and they said they really enjoyed them both.
I also enjoyed my fried chicken sammy. The spicy fries were delish (yo I love a french fry), but wasn't spicy to me at all. 
Location: yes please.
Atmosphere: really enjoyed the decor, very clean and sleek-looking.
Misses:
The (literal) small plates. They were just so small, my food kept falling off the plate! If those plates were just a smidge larger, Maybe my food wouldn't have jumped all over the place. 
My friends were mixed with the bibimbop. Two of the three tried the bulgogi and didn't think it was spicy enough nor was there enough meat - but the meat was cooked well. And one of my friends quite enjoyed the salmon bibimbop, saying it was tasty. I told them the resto is Korean *inspired*, but it wasn't enough for them (they also lived in Korea soooo...). Ah well. 
We were also mixed with the service. Our server was so friendly and attentive at the beginning, but that attentiveness tapered off as our meal progressed. It was hard to get her attention when she was nearby, and we had to ask multiple times for a beverage refill. Not the end of the world. She was super friendly the entire time though. 
Another reviewer said mentioned they were given a complimentary trio of kimchee. Say what?? Totes jeals, we didn't get that. 
I'll probably be back for the other small plates, but overall it was okay.Was here two weeks ago and was pretty impressed with the food. The pork rice bowl was great! Came back tonight and it was the worst restaurant experience I ever had. It took 30 minutes to get a table even though there were at least 4 tables open. We finally got out table after having to inquire about our wait twice. Once we got our table we watched as a waitress walked by multiple times without taking our order. We finished our drinks we had gotten from the bar while ordering takeout from grubub which we had plenty of time to do then got up and left. Will not be back. I would maybe recommend trying on a slow week night, but avoid on weekends. It's too bad because this place has a lot of potential, just terribly managed.I just left Bop and I'm already planning my second trip back again! A friend recommended the Korean Fried Chicken wings so I decided to start with those. Hands down some of the best wings I've ever had in Philly. We also split the tuna poke which was also delicious. All of the salads on the menu sounded amazing, but I ended up ordering the pork bibimbap. I'll have to sample one of the salads next time (most likely the brussel sprout one!). The bibimbap was very tasty and filling. I was too stuffed to sample any desserts. They also have a really cute cocktail menu with Philly-centric names. I most enjoyed the Thai basil lemonade. 
Ambience-wise, Bop has a great vibe. Clean white walls, mod lighting fixtures, some cool decor pieces. My group was really feeling the music too! Like I said, I'll definitely be back soon.BOP really works well pre-theatre/show. We reordered some favorites from last time and added the tuna poke (delightful and light!), the Korean pulled pork sandwich (delicious, but more southern than Korean in flavor), pork mandu dumplings (what's not to like about mandu?!). I maintain that I'd prefer to sit at a regular-height table, rather than a high-top, but otherwise, BOP continues to be a tasty option near the Broad Street offerings.Ambiance is gorgeous, food is ok. We went here for lunch which was great, I enjoyed very much the cocktails that we did try. Food wise, we had their KFC chicken for app, and it tasted ok but cooking could've been done better. The breading on the chicken was falling off and the chicken was a little tough. For my entree, I had their Bulgogi Bibimbop which also was just ok. It was a little bland. The meat could've been better marinated, it was missing the sweetness, sesame oil goodness a bulgogi should have. The sauce used in the bibimbop also was a little bland, it needed more kick (heat wise) and again the traditional sweet and savory flavor. I would go here for cocktails and their nachos (that was missing the chicken when we ordered it).I would give the food alone a 4.5/5. However, for what it was, it was overpriced. We were seated upstairs, which has a weird vibe, so 3 for ambiance. Service was also pretty slow for an almost empty restaurant.Went in today and they gave me a happy hour menu then tried to charge me for regular prices.
I asked for the manager (Asian guy with tortoise shell glasses) and he came out and told us we have a sips menu and that is not the price we offer at this time. I stated this is what we were given and he acted like they didn't give us those menus. He proceeded to tell us they will not honor those prices and walked inside then sent the bartender to deal with his problem. Not a very good response for a new restaurant from a manager. 
We really like the food and atmosphere there but the manager was not very accommodating and couldn't even solve this issue on his own. I would definitely go back as long as they give us the right menu and not receive an attitude and get defensive when they make a mistake.Came here for happy hour on a Friday evening and the place was empty aside from maybe 5-8 people sitting at the bar. The space itself is great - nice and white, windows to let in the light, and spacious with 2 floors of seating. But unfortunately the place seemed a little dead, at least during the hours when we went. The happy hour menu is decent, but there are lots of exceptions so be sure to ask the server what dishes exclude the meat topping or side of fries before you order! The mandoo were alright, nothing special though, and the kimchi fries were tasty but way too large a portion to eat in one sitting. My favorite dish would probably have to be the burger, which was juicy, flavorful, and well-priced on the HH menu.I'd go again for the ambience, spicing and happy hour 4-7.  Bop is an orchestra of taste delights missing a conductor.  Service very uneven - our party of 5 was sharing - entree plates arrived unidentified  (bowls on wood all look alike) and no serving utensils.  Enthusiastic waitress clueless about Happy Hour specials, poorly described salad dishes, and vanished midway through meal.  But check for 3 beers, one wine, 3 signature ($14) cocktails, 5 appetizers, one salad entree and 3 other entrees was $168 including tax. Good deal.
We agreed this is Tex Mex Korean "Philly inspired".  But the flavors are good, menu is fun and reasonable noise level.  The fries and chopped salad are undistinguished; rib eye bulgobi outstanding.
The infused lemonade delicious but at $14, it needs a better presentation than a tall thin glass with a lemon slice.  Same for the entrees - delicious but lacking distinctive presentation.  To survive at this pricey location, you need to WOW.
But please - give Bop a try - it is so close to four stars for me.
DRIVING ALERT:  No parking garage discount.  Much cheaper parking options around.What an amazing dining experience. As someone who doesn't usually like Asian fusion, I was definitely impressed by the food. Especially the Tuna Poke appetizer- I will come back just for that dish!! The Rock Shrimp appetizer was also very tasty. Loved the burger and bibimbap. Two thumbs up.Really enjoyed my dinner at bop.  Tuna poke was great.  Bulgogi Bibimbop was also delicious - I would only suggest that they add their homemade sirachi as an ingredient on the menu.  There was a lot of it and it was SPICY for me - would have gotten it on the side.What possible reason could there be for having a live dj with party volume club music blaring at 5pm on a Sunday in a small Avenue of the Arts restaurant?  I was excited to try this restaurant after theater matinee... it was so so SO SO loud, the hostess couldn't even make out what we were saying when we asked whether they could turn it down.  We had to just turn around and leave.  If there was some special event, the hostess should have told us so.  If that's normal for early Sunday dinner, it's hard for me to imagine who they are trying to impress.  Really.  It's not like there's a dance floor.Came here for a Saturday hiatus dinner and it was a great decision. The wings and nachos were great but the bowls were outstanding they're between $15-18. They come out super fresh and they mix them in front of you. I had to take the other half of line home because it was so much food. Great new spot. I'm shocked alert!Wonderful. Great change. So happy to be done with Bliss. Everything delicious. Must try the edamame ravioli- perfectly done. Poke is perfect as well. KFC wings has wonderful flavor and batter. Would
Love it in a smaller wing option tho, such as grilled and more bite sized. Excited to go back for the entrees!Bibimbap and rock shrimp were very good. Fish sandwich just ok. I liked the wings; my wife didn't. Service was a bit sporadic but they are new and mostly full, so I'll let that slide. Could tell they were trying.I've been wanting to go to this place since then opened because I walk by everyday on my way to work. When I finally went, my general impression is that this is half-failed attempt at something great and just end up being an average experience with a higher price tag. 
Also, if you think you are going to a Korean restaurant, you are not really getting a full Korean restaurant experience. They only have a few bibimbap dishes on the menu and that's it. Not even an successful Asian cushion experiment. The menu reads more like an American bar. 
We ordered fried calamari and dumplings for small plates. The calamari was good but very small portion. (I guess hence called "small plates"). The dumplings were disappointing because I was expecting boiled ones but they come  covered with heavy fried dough. 
For entrees, we ordered the bop burger and bulgogi bibimbap. Both are good, but neither was stellar, and didn't feel like living up to their price tags. 
The restaurant has this very open layout, a big square dining room with high tables and a bar on one end - not my type of good dining setup to be honest. It feels like it was also trying to be a sports bar and didn't quite get there and just ended up being a weird mix. Service was also good but nothing out of the ordinary. 
Anyhow, I think there is a good potential with the idea of Korean + sports American experience but executed poorly.Full disclosure: I've only ever had the burger here - but I've had it 3 times.
The burger here is incredible - very flavorful. And the fries are no slouch either. When they first opened, it was $12, but now it's $14 -_-
3 stars because I've been here with friends, and everything else on the menu is priced pretty high - especially for what it is. I'd much rather take a walk to Chinatown and get the same stuff at a fraction of the price. But hey, that's just me.We tried out bop on a Saturday night, restaurant location was perfect, very pretty design and decor. They are definitely still working on their service, food took a long time and then ran out of part of something we ordered but took a while to ask us what we want to do instead.  We were starving as we saw tables around us getting their food that ordered after us.  Finally the food started coming it was all good.  I would pass on the kfc wings the breading was over the top excessive like an extra crispy funnel cake on the outside of the wing.  The nachos were great and the fries were standard.  The absolute worst thing was the spicy Rita, tasted like watered down hot sauce in a glass...... They forgot the lime juice/sour on this margarita, skip it.  The bibimbops were great, the yolk in mine however was completely cooked bummer.  The ribeye sizzle plate was good but the ribeye was hard to eat it was thin sliced but all bone in so it was like gnawing meat of tiny bones.... All in all
The food was pretty good but service is not up to par yet....Randomly stopped by here with a few friends before our Friday night bar-hopping main event.
To be short, this is a solid spot for some small plates to share and a few pre-game drinks before moving on with the rest of your night. 
Otherwise, I get what people are saying about the food. It's not traditional Korean flavors but as some other people said, they don't claim to be. It's typical bar food inspired by Korean dishes. Yes, they do have a short bibimbap section in their menu but being as though there are only about 3 different options, it would be weird for someone to think that getting one here will satisfy their craving lol. 
I would've given it 4 stars but the bartender on 9/23 was moving at a snail's pace. Maybe he's was having a bad night, maybe he's getting accustomed to a new bar, but doing service for the server that slowly with only 5 ppl at the bar and us being the only table is not ok for anyone in that equation lol.I had the chicken bibimbop. - it was average. It was too dry and no amount of me adding Korean hot sauce made it any better. A strictly okay meal. But their cocktails looked interesting! The ambience and the decor is excellent. The service was good as well. It's a really big establishment with plenty of tables.We stayed in Double Tree across the street and was in a mood for Korean food, but it was poring a heavy rain outside and we couldn't go to Bonchon that we usually like. So we searched the web and were fooled by the "mostly positive" reviews for this place. Big mistake. The food was "faked korean" and awful,  the service was poor,  the price was not adequate to the experience and the ambiance was cold and cheap. DO NOT repeat our mistake.My review is based solely on food and flavor, not authenticity (being that it is Korean inspired restaurant). I ordered through a delivery service, so I also cannot attest to the service. 
One of the driving forces for me to try bop was because it replaced Bliss, which I visited once and did not enjoy at all... I digress. I saw bop on Caviar and was intrigued by the KFC wings and decided to try the bop burger because of the review I read on Yelp.
KFC Wings were really good. Super crunchy and flavorful, but a little salty. Seriously, just like a pinch. For some reason, I was expecting a hint of sweetness. However, the sweetness of the sauce that came on the side helped with that.
bop Burger - hands down one of the best burgers I've ever had in the city. The meat was seasoned so well, the toppings were balanced (I saw a review mentioning 6 slices of bacon, and while I wouldn't have hated that at all haha, I had two slices) and the sauce was perfect. I'm a big sauce snob. 
Overall, I'd give bop a rating of 4.0/5 based on food alone. I hope to dine in at least once and will update my review then.I got the bulgogi bimbambop. It was alright. Normal. Nothing too extraordinary or anything that sets it aside from regular bimbambop. It's kind of expensive for something pretty normal tasting. I also did get the fried garlic wings which were okay. I took it home and one of the wings were raw on the inside not fully cooked.
I also ordered fried with my steak sub that had something like coleslaw on it. It was giant but relatively not too flavourful. It was empty when I went and me and my bf had good waitress service but the food was alright but not amazingLove the wings and the salmon rice bowl!! Really cool place in an awesome location! Can't wait to go back.Good happy hour... Food is very tasty.  I would give it five stars but they are still working out some of the kinks.Not a great experience. Waitress couldn't get our simple order straight. The Mandoo were actually sliders that weren't described as such. The fish tacos were a joke. Cabbage sautéed made the tacos wet and soggy. Big pool of liquid on my plate. Served with lemon instead of lime put me over the line. Staff didn't seem overly concerned but did take the above items off the check. Brent wouldn't be happy to see what's happening under his name.I had been pretty opposed to going back to Bop due to my negative experience but was finally convinced after months by the fiancee since I went with friends the first time. 
The food is better than I remember. The bibimbap was better than I remember but my expectations were far lower this time around. The burger was also cooked properly and the meat is good quality.
Now the bad, of which there were many: service was horrible. Not the worst I've ever had but we looked around for the waitress to order appetizers and it took awhile to track her down. Then we tried to order our entrees and I tried to flag her down about three times and finally gave up. She finally came over on her own in due time. 
The dumplings are terrible. Don't order them. They are heavily fried and breaded, not just pan seared like many fried dumpling places. These are literally like chicken wings fried. On top of that, there's barely any meat in them. These are not real fried dumplings. The menu also doesn't state how they are made (steamed or fried) and the Asian community serves steamed as the standard which is how I assumed they would come if it wasn't specified.
The burger, while cooked well, was LOADED was bacon. Like AT LEAST six strips. While I appreciate the quantity, 2 strips of bacon is plenty for me on a burger. Six is overdoing it. I could barely taste the beef as the bacon was too overwhelming. I ended up taking off some bacon in order to enjoy my burger. 
We also ordered the calamari which was good but not great. So in conclusion: poor service, mediocre food. I gave it a second chance but I won't be back.
Points for: Bulgogi bibimbap
No points: Service, dumplings, burger. Price point for the quality of food received.When I suggested to my Korean-American friend Connie that we give bop a try, she said, "No, I tend to hate fusion places."  I said, "But we should still give it a try!"  I should have held my breath.  
Maybe it's because they just recently opened, but bop has a lot to learn.
While walking towards bonchon chicken, my husband suggested that we cut the walk short and try out bop.  We ordered drinks, wings, and a couple of entrees.  The drinks came out pretty quickly (they have no beer on tap).  Then we waited.  And waited.  And waited.  After approximately half an hour our server gave us a funny look and said that she'd go check on the wings.  After another 5 minutes the wings appeared.  The server exclaimed, "I don't know what happened!"  Well, I don't know what happened either since there was no apology, no manager, no nothing.  In any case, the wings were insanely huge and doused in sauce.  For me, the taste was too sweet and too one dimensional.
The entrees came out after we were done with the wings.  The bulgogi bibimbap was okay, but nothing remarkable.  I tend to like my bibimbap on the spicier side (otherwise it's just too bland) so I needed extra hot sauce.  I had to get up and hunt down our server to request the extra hot sauce.  She brought out a whole bottle, which I appreciated.  But overall, the bulgogi bibimbap wasn't anything special.  The "hot" stone bowl in which it was served was not very hot; no extra-crispy rice at the bottom of the bowl.  :(
The manager stopped by after we were done with our entrees to ask if everything was okay.  (He was stopping by all the tables.)  I relayed my frustration with the wait on the appetizer.  He said that the kitchen had been backed up but that they fixed the problem.  No apology, no offer to comp the appetizer, no nothing.
Maybe I've been spoiled by frequenting restaurants that know what they are doing or that are truly in the hospitality business.  I won't be back.I just ate at BOP and I have to say that the food was great!! The service was the best. Mark really took care of my friends and I. Also David was helpful as well."bop" is definitely an attempt to lure those millennials who (1) do not have a sophisticated palate (2) are attracted to the "cover" but not the contents of the book (3) who run up the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art but never go in.
Yep, the food is similar to any other Asian infusion place you've been.  The decor is attractive,  atmosphere open and lively, especially during happy hour.  You will see hot young women with middle aged guys, young couples with wrinkled shirts and skinny jeans, the air of the beautiful people who want to be seen.  But beyond that, food and beverage are average.
There are no draft beers, but an OK selection of bottles.  The service was efficient and overall very good but came with "attitude".  However, I know that waiting on a group of 6 or more is sometimes difficult and the server has to be assertive to get the job done.
For food, we ordered a bunch of items to share.
Cheesesteak eggrolls -- 4 stars... Very good, would order again
Wings-- 2 stars...Large in size, but "sweet" dominates; and overcooked/stringy/tough
Rock shrimp -- 2 stars...  Decent flavor but shrimp was overcooked
Edamame ravioli -- 3 stars... Similar to any other dumpling
Bulgogi -- 3 stars...Nothing new here
Stir Fry -- 3 stars...All stir fry tastes the same
Don't get me wrong, other than a couple items being overcooked, the food was fresh and presented well.  It just wasn't special.  I will return for drinks at the bar and try another few things on the menu.  Location, location, location!Why would anybody want to invest in a place like this? Perfect atmosphere? Not. Perfect bar menu? Not. Came too late to even try the food. But after everything, why would I even want to try. This needs a major revamp. Only thing that's positive is being able to know that the kitchen isn't sketchy as it's beyond glass walls. Good luck...but I will go elsewhere.This place is about the environment, seating, and so forth. 
The food just isn't as flavorful as places like Giwa, Bap, and even Rice & Mix, so if you're specifically scouting Bibimbap and missing Korean flavor, go to those other options, especially Giwa and Rice & Mix for a quick, cheap, flavorful meal. 
That being said, Bop is where you can actually take a large group, coworkers, a date, etc, and have room to sit and talk and breathe. The other Korean options are too small. 
Also, Bop has a ton more appetizer options and stuff and has your Philly flair staples like Korean Cheesesteak Spring Rolls etc.... 
Good location, environment, etc.
Average Korean food. So great food, but just lacking that zest/flavor of true Korean spice.I thought this place was great! A friend and I were in from out of town and wanted to get drinks before our dinner reservation. We couldn't resist the happy hour menu and order appetizers as well. We ordered Mandoo (dumplings), cheesesteak egg rolls, and our waitress, Sandy, (who was super friendly and welcoming) highly recommended the Korean nachos. Sandy was so right! The nachos were awesome! I hope I am in Philly again soon so I can go back!I've been to bop twice, once on a Saturday evening for dinner and once for Center City Sips.  For the Saturday visit Dining Partner walked in around 6pm and sat at a high top looking on to Broad Street (great spot to people watch!) We ordered the cheesesteak egg rolls, the rock shrimp, and split the KFC chicken sandwich. All were very good, but the standout was definitely the cheesesteak eggrolls. We finished the meal with the delicious cookie sundae. Service was good, and our waitress was friendly.
When I returned for Sips with a friend around 5:30, it was pretty empty but filled quickly. I was happy to see my fav cheesesteak eggrolls were $5 and decided to try the Korean nachos. The nachos came with chips which tasted like those really good fried Chinese noodles smothered in cheese and all the other essential nacho toppings. For 3 rounds of drinks and those two apps my friend and I had a bill of $33, not bad at all. They had a DJ playing music. I'm not sure if that's just for happy hour or all the time, but it was enjoyable!First came here for happy hour, then dinner reservation for a friend's birthday.
The venue is modern and well-designed. That's about the only positives about this place from my experiences here. They do Korean/Asian-fusion (bop = rice in Korean). I've gotten the Korean nachos, which were lackluster and tasteless, and the bibimbop, which was also bland and inauthentic. 
The day we went for dinner, they had placed us at a high top table near the entrance when there were plenty of available seatings. No idea why the hostess placed us there, though we didn't stay long after the combined experience. Won't be back.
There's better places in philly for Korean food (Giwa for one in CC) and many, many other places for drinking.Went there for dinner on a Sunday night around 730. Walked in and music was blasting from DJ upstairs. We were told music would stop in 10 mins, nope. Continued to play for about a half hour and we could barely talk to each other. Food was eh, wings super fried, nachos were decent and edamame ravioli was prob the best of the bunch. Unfortunately I'll never go back. People starting smoking cigarettes inside the restaurant and it seemed like everyone that worked there was ok with it. Had to complain to hostess and waitress. The people stopped for a bit then continued to smoke, so disgusting. It's 2017, who smokes inside a restaurant, wtf.Love BOP celebrated a friends birthday here, Justin the bartender was SO great and friendly the strawberry vanilla pineapple shots were amazing!My first visit to BOP was truly Amazing!  A Tuesday Summer night in Philadelphia with my wife and a few good friends.  As a party of 5 we sat at the bar and were greeted right away, not sure what we wanted to drink the bartender (Tommy) offered some of the house specialties, we all tried one and they were freshly prepared, cold and delicious.  The entire staff was friendly and provided excellent service.  We ordered appetizers that were off the charts we highly recommend the rock shrimp, ravioli (different which I love) and the nachos piled high.
The design of the bar impressed us with the open floor plan it seemed like Tommy was on a stage in front of everyone making his fresh concoctions.  Always checking on us to make sure we had a great experience, meanwhile a few celebrities (sorry no name dropping here) stopped in to check out the place had a drink and ordered food to go.  DInner,  WOW Bibimbop ribeye and pork were big hits, I had the tiger shrimp sizzle plate mmmm mmm good but the talk of the restaurant was the Miso Seabass was a home run.  My friends and I were super impressed and they could not stop talking about it on the way home.  We will be back soon.  Two thumbs up !!Took a client for dinner after a rough day! We split cheesesteak egg rolls, mandoo dumplings & chicken bibimbap. Everything tasted very fresh and delicious. Our server Janie was knowledgable & very welcoming. She mixed our bibimbap like a pro and had us laughing the whole time! The manager stopped by to check on us which I appreciated very much!Stopped by about 2 weeks ago to check it out and the interior looks great. The bartender at the time was really helpful and the food, well let's just say my friend ate his dinner in about 10min flat so yea the food was good. So would I suggest this place, yes most definitely, especially if your looking to try something new.I didn't realize Korean Food was mainstream until I overheard a table of middle aged ladies (presumably going to the Opera) chatting about the medical benefits of kimchi at Bop. It's not super authentic and it's priced as you would expect for the theater crowd, but it's decent Korean food in Center City and I'm not mad at it. 
4 of us split:
-$15 theater special: salad and bulgogi bibimbap- very good and great price!
-KFC wings: delicious and crispy, large portion. 
-Kimchi fries: drenched in an odd whiz mix, big potato wedges, pretty spicy!
-Tuna poke with avo and seaweed: meh. Wouldn't order again.
-Kalbi with lettuce wraps (I was personally offended that they offer to serve this with tortilla wraps...): large portion and a bit hard to eat (you have to cut the slabs of meat and chew around the bones) but comes with banchan and kimchi if you ask. Expensive and way too much for one person, so definitely split it. Great flavor!
Authenticity level: all the waiters were white and our waitress complimented our chopstick skills (this is after we had to ask for chopsticks). There were no other Asian people in the restaurant.
I'd still choose Seorabol hands down for authenticity and price, and probably Southgate in Center City, but I'm glad to see Bliss replaced with something decent! Bop on over and check it out!We checked out bop at 7pm on a Friday - they had some traffic, but it was not too busy as I think they are still building their reputation. We started with the Tuna Poke, which was mediocre - my avocado was not quite ripe and the wonton crisps were so flimsy that they couldn't be used for scooping up anything. However, the Bulgolgi Bi Bim Bop was quite tasty and redeemed the meal for me.This place just did not do it for me. 2 stars for the location and service. 0 stars for the food.
I don't travel into the city very often, so when I do, I want to consume mouth-watering food. I went to Bop with my Korean friend, and we were hopeful. 
The service was good, but the food fell very very flat. In fact, we ended up cancelling our entree and barely eating our apps. 
We ordered the nachos, fried chicken, and kimchi fries. 
The wonton chips got soggy very fast under the weight of the massive toppings. The "sauce" on the nachos resembled mayo and thousand island dressing, and the rest of the toppings were bland. The only "Asian inspired" part of the dish were the wonton chips, and they resembled Munchos chips. Gross. 
The korean fried chicken was the most edible, but were still not great. The breading was thick and hard to bite, while the chicken was dry. Not terrible, but not worth the calories. 
Finally, the kimchi fries were probably the most bizarre dish we had. I LOVE kimchi, and ordered this dish hoping to get my fix, but instead we received a baked potato (sliced in 3 gigantic hunks) with a small amount of kimchi on top. I was expecting thin crispy fries (which I think would have been way better), so the giant hunks of potato threw us off. 
Overall, the location is great and the server was nice, but the food is going to be the reason this business fails. It's a shame, but we should have known, considering every other restaurant within a block had an hour or more wait, and this place was nearly empty at 7pm on a Friday night.The bop was ok but I'm not running back. I had pork Bibimbop. The pork was a little stringy and not much flavor. My wife had the chicken Bibimbop and hers did not have much flavor either. Wait staff and hostess are inexperienced. Hostess sat us near the door because she said they were booked. During our whole meal there were plenty of other tables open. She made no effort to accommodate us.Sunday funday!! The bartenders were a lot of fun. We were there to celebrate a birthday !  Wish the bartenders paid a bit of more attention to our group!!  But maybe Im not a regular!  The DJ killed it. Great Sunday!! Great music and vibe. I would come back!! And maybe be a regular!!Awesome place. I especially liked the braised short rib- also great design cool spot and delicious food.The food from this place is so bad, not authentic, and no sauce, plus the wings are soggy and watery, it's like they've been soaked. I understand delivered fried wings won't be crispy, but soaked, really?  Will never order from them again. And the rice is not short grain, it's terrible.BOP has a SIPS menu that doesn't really offer much compared to other restaurants. We ordered the wings; which weren't as flavorful as you would expect. I've had Cafe Soho and Bonchon chicken wings and the fried chicken at BOP can't compared at all. Also, the radish that were given along with the chicken weren't fully marinated yet, so it still tasted raw. We also got the kimchi nachos which came with fried wontons, I liked the wontons and the spicy mayo sauce on it. But the entire dish was a bit overwhelming if you waited too long to eat it because it got incredibly soggy.  And lastly, we got the fries, they were alright, it could have been more crispier. The issue was that the fries weren't fried enough and then they loaded the fries with too much toppings. So after a few minutes, the fries were unappetizing.Food was really good, prices were not bad. The service was amazing, Fran our waitress was on point all night.Met friends for sips here right around 5. Trendy lively music in a nice space with glass doors opened to the sidewalk.  I arrived first and was quickly seated. Started with a 2gingers mule, learned I'm not a huge fan of 2gingers, ordered $10 tuna poke. The poke came with rice puff chips, which was strange to me. Really enjoyed the seaweed, sauce, and tuna. 
Once the others arrived, to my delight they agreed we should get each of the sips specials. KFC wings were whatever. Not my jam in the first place, but I gave it a go. The Korean nachos used the same rice chips and were pretty awesome.  The tangy sauce drizzled on top was perfect. And talk about perfect: cheesesteak egg rolls. Best. I've. Ever. Had. 
In fact, we had 3 orders. Couldn't get enough. The onions. A beautiful balance of cheese. Glorious gochujang ketchup. 
Aside from the food, our waitress was great. Mm, bop, good job.I was excited to try this place bc 1: it's Korean food and 2: it's in the city. I love the décor and space of Bop but the experience we had was mediocre. It took a while for our waitress to introduce herself and ask us for our beverage; the menu was already on the table so we know what to order when she arrived. My husband asked her how the beer was and she had no clue what it tastes like. I also asked her how many wings come in an order and the taste of it, and again, she had no clue how many or if it's sweet, spicy and whatnot. We just decided to order:  buddha beer for him and spicy rita for me, wings for the appetizer, bibimbop and the sea bass to share. We waited a while for our drinks and when I got my drink, she gave me a bloody mary! I asked her and she said she didn't know that it was bloody mary? She offered to give me a new drink and that took awhile, it was okay. We kept waiting for our food right after that, the tables that ordered their food after us got their food first. I finally asked one of the runners about our food and he went to check and came back with the bibimpop and sea bass. We asked for our wings and they were not even aware that we ordered it so they rushed our wings order so we have three dishes at the same time. The wings are too battered and it was smothered with gochujang sauce, I prefer the Southgate's is much better. The bibimbop was okay; it was served in a hot stone pot but it was more for presentation bc it didn't even give you the crunchy bottom. The sea bass was good but  it was small and the seaweed broth that came with it (it's usually a soup) didn't mesh well, I'd rather have the seabass by itself. We were going to give the place another chance until we got our bill, we are charged for an extra entree we did not order! It needs more ironing and we don't want to go back unless we're too lazy to go to North Philly for some Korean food.Went in today and they gave me a happy hour menu then tried to charge me for regular prices.
I asked for the manager (Asian guy with tortoise shell glasses) and he came out and told us we have a sips menu and that is not the price we offer at this time. I stated this is what we were given and he acted like they didn't give us those menus. He proceeded to tell us they will not honor those prices and walked inside then sent the bartender to deal with his problem. Not a very good response for a new restaurant from a manager. 
We really like the food and atmosphere there but the manager was not very accommodating and couldn't even solve this issue on his own. I would definitely go back as long as they give us the right menu and not receive an attitude and get defensive when they make a mistake.Meh
Besides the location and view of broad street beautifully lit up, I wouldn't come here for good food. Yep, I know it's not a Korean restaurant but "inspired" but I didn't try anything between all the dishes we ordered that I would consider great. You can get a better bimbobap at any other Korean restaurant  and it was overpriced. Nice bar , nice servers, is about it.Best food I have had in a while. The edamame ravioli and rock shrimp are out of this world (including Nobu.) Their drinks are amazing too. I recommend the spicy Rita! Perfect for a girls night, date, or just happy hour after work! Very posh.Just ate at BOP. Had the Bibimbop with steak and it was delicious! I find the prices expensive overall but I'm sure it's because of the location. Also had the pork and beef dumplings which were fried but delicious. Service was very good.  No complaints.Stooped for a snowy afternoon snack and drink.   Our bartender Mark was great and really enjoyed our apps.  Edamame ravioli for sure if you go.I hate traveling and not finding mouth watering eateries , but you never know until you try right ? 
It's hard to enjoy your meal when your service is nothing to brag about. However , we were hungry so you would think the food would satisfy our ravenous appetites . NOPE 
The Philly cheesesteak egg rolls were the only table pleaser here and darn, I didn't get a picture . Burnt chargrilled wings, dry bulgogi (tasted like under seasoned ground beef) and was that bimbimbap? *smacks hand on head * 
I understand the resturant is korean inspired but they just need to drop that bc it's an insult to Korean flavors and please tell your waitress next time to fill up her customers drinks instead of taking shots with the other customers , I get it you want to be a swanky , elite , hang out spot for that late night crowd ... good luck with that.
This place would be alot better if they actually cared about the customers who come here to eat.