Came to see my son's band Last Frontier. The staff and food here is top notch!   Had the porkbelly and fish nachos.  Awesome.  Great selection of whisky. Great sound system for the band.After reading a lot of positive reviews, we were really excited to try this place. We were extremely disappointed in the food. I'm going to give the place the benefit of the doubt that it is not always like this as we came in at 10 PM, but if you cannot offer quality food at that hour then don't have your kitchen open. 
All of our food came out within 5 to 10 minutes of ordering which leads me to believe it was not made fresh. The Caesar salad was room temperature and overdressed. The hush puppies were flavorless, and the chicken wings (3 full wings is a serving) were undercooked and barely warm. The only redeeming food item was the chicken and biscuits, which had a nice flavor profile- the biscuit was again, cold in spots. 
On the positive side the place has a nice hip atmosphere and the service is friendly. 
Unfortunately, the food was so sub par we would not consider dining here again.Bourbon & Branch is the GO TO spot for anything...brunch, lunch, dinner, late night..you name it. The food is SPECTACULAR (especially for my vegans/vegetarians out there), drinks are amazing and the overall atmosphere and service is wonderful. A super chill spot for literally any meal or any occasion. If you're in the neighborhood, gotta check it out!I am a critic of food period!  This place has the best Fried Chicken and Mac n Cheese in Philadelphia...  I am the best Southern Chef of ALL time and for me to say this is saying something...  I've eaten there 2X and the food gets better...  I'm going back to try there Brunch.  The owner and Ex Chef Alex sat with me unexpectedly and we cooked up great food conversation.  Great staff makes you feel like family...  YEA BABY!!!!!Great place! Right around the corner from where we live and we also go at least once a week... The cocktails are yummy...food is yummy... The bartenders are always friendly and attentive. Our favorite small plate is the cheese plate... perfect with a glass of beer or mixed drink. The atmosphere is perfect - cozy, dim lighting, and relaxed. They have 1 TV so if you want to watch a game its on...but its not in-your-face bright and they don't have the volume on...Thank you for that! 
Love this place, and we are so happy its in our hood! Cant wait to try their brunch!Wow. The food, atmosphere, and service here are all phenomenal. 
Let me start with my favorite part - the menu is pasted into children's books which is so cool! 
The atmosphere is hipsterish - dim lighting, great music, and laid back vibe. I went on a Sunday for brunch and it was not too crowded, easy to walk in and get seated without a wait. 
SO MUCH BETTER THAN GREEN EGGS in my opinion. 
After much deliberation between various items, I ordered the chicken and waffles and in the words of DJ Tanner, OH MY LANTA. The seasoning on the chicken was beyond delicious (not dry at all, which is a complaint I often have about chicken) and the waffles were crisp and perfectly done. The syrup was not too rich and sweet and you could tell it was authentic, not the sugary thick store bought stuff. 
In addition, I have to say, I found the HOLY GRAIL of biscuits. These are not your small round KFC biscuits. They are HUGE, soft, mushy, delicious, amazing. I have been craving them every day since. They have cheddar bits baked inside and when you pull these freshly baked delights apart and take a bite, I guarantee a religious experience.
If you can't tell, I loved this place.
My only complaint -  Why haven't I been here before?!Excellent food, the biscuits and gravy were amazing. Cool building and design inside as well, was a good spot for Sunday brunchI'll keep it short and sweet - great food, but consistently worst service in Philly. Everyone knows it, too. I know a dozen people who go there weekly as their neighborhood bar and even they are exasperated by how consistently awful the service is. Good luck getting acknowledged, greeted, served, offered water, given a menu, getting checked up on. It's never excessively busy - they just don't seem to know how a bartender/server is supposed to treat customers. Really, this spot would be amazing if it ever got any people behind the counter who gave a damn about what they were doing.I want to give this a 4 (I am indeed a fan!) but I think I need to go back after this place has been open for awhile to reassess.
Upon entering, we were greeted by who I think was the owner or manager - a very dapper older gent sitting at the bar. He was really friendly and welcoming.
I thought putting the cocktail menu in the children's book was really cute, but I agree that it could use some work. I was also a little disappointed to see only a handful of whiskey drinks on the menu - I thought this was a whiskey/bourbon-centric speakeasy-esque bar? Nevertheless, I was overall pleased with my drink. I got the Branch Whiskey Sour and thought it was refreshing, if not a slight bit on the watery side. Funny enough, I don't like my drinks to taste like gasoline, but I wanted this one to taste a bit more boozey.
My boyfriend had their house Manhattan and loved it, though. I really think this place has promise! We'll definitely be back to check out a show in a few weeks, and I'm really hoping they'll work out the kinks quickly. It's pretty exciting to have a bar like this in the neighborhood.Decent brunch speacials- the lumberjack slam is very good. Chicken and waffles could be better. Excellent service. The waitress has been very attentive both times that I've been there. Nice ambience as well.Had three starters: fried pickles,  truffle chips and house made bacon. All the starters were very good. The pickles were not whole but rather slices,  honey mustard dipping sauce was great.  Truffle chips didn't come with any sauce but we're still good plain. Bacon with tomato jam and bread was really good the sweet of tomato complemented the salty bacon well. Had the Shepards pie for entree. Was different than most of the one I've had before. The meat and veggie mixture reminded me of French onion soup. It was kind of sour but still good. I also tasted the bacon and beer Mac which was delicious. The next time I go to this restaurant I am getting the side of the Mac and cheese as my main meal.I just moved to the neighborhood and went here a couple times for dinner and lunch. Their burgers hit the spot (like when you're craving a nice thick juicy burger). Chicken & waffles was good, as well. It came with a bleu cheese type sauce and another gravy type sauce; both complemented the chicken. They also have live karaoke on wednesday nights and bands perform on the second floor (never been but would like to try). It sort of feels like you're in a dark, antique house or something, but the decor gives this place character & it's a good atmosphere for conversations with an old friend. Servers are nice.Went tonight with a group of about 6 people for happy hour. We were very happy to hear that Tuesday is in fact Boozeday, which means happy hour specials until 11! Half price drafts, $5 whiskey cocktails (not as good of it sounds), and $5 snacks (not a great deal either). On their drinks menu, they have a section call "whiskey cocktails," but these are not $5 (they range from 9-12), it's only a specific happy hour whiskey lemonade cocktail that is $5. Our party found this to be a very misleading promotion, but the server did explain this clearly when we asked. Also, all of the snacks are already listed at $5-7, so there's not much of a discount there. The good draft beer selection, which are already reasonably priced is clearly the best deal. 
The cocktails were generally well made and tasty. They ranges from $7-13, which is a generally fair price for drinks that often contain higher end ingredients like fruit juices, Luxardo Maraschino, Bulleit Rye, etc. I ordered a Hemingway, their take on the classic Hemingway daquiri, which had rum, grapefruit, lime, simple, and Maraschino liqueur was a bit bland and watery. The classic Hemingway has a double shot of rum--not that I necessarily expected this, but wanted a strong, sour, aggressive drink was what I expected for a drink named after the rugged Hemingway. The other cocktails our table ordered: old fashioned, Manhattan variant (with Pimms), and bourbon sour (with frothed egg white) where well made. Friends that ordered beer where very happy with the selection. 
Food was well priced, large portion sizes and generally at least above average in quality. We ordered and loved the fried pickles. The coating was substantial but not doughy and crisp without being greasy. The honey mustard was just sweet enough to balance the acidity of the pickle. For an entree I ordered the fried chicken. He chicken was brought to the table while still very hot and had a nicely crisp coating that almost shattered on contact but still hung on to skin. The meat was well salted, but I would have like some more spices like black pepper, chili pepper, paprika, garlic powder etc. The chicken came with Mac and cheese served in a large ramekin that was easy twice as much as I expected! The sauce was very creamy and the topping of melted cheese and crisp bacon crumbles was very tasty. My friends enjoy the burger (hell of a deal at $5), the Cobb salad, pulled pork sandwich, and seitan cheesesteak. However, the fries were disappointing limp and greasy. 
I thought the decor was understated, classic  bar decor (dark wood everywhere, quirky taxidermy) but also easily forgettable. I did like how they kept the original tile around the fireplace past the bar that spelled out "LIBERTIES," a nice nod to the bar that use to be B&B. Tables were nicely separated and chairs/booths were comfortable. 
Overall, I think the prices are more than competitive for most food and drink. Service was laidback and easygoing without being complacent. Food came out hot and tasty, drinks cold and refreshing. I just had some minor complaints about the food and drinks but overall had a very good experience. Not worth making long trip from West Philly just tot come here, but it would be a great local bar to hang out at, especially on Tuesday for the Boozeday happy hourNice, relaxed atmosphere. There is a pretty fun concert space upstairs, a bar/restaurant area downstairs and an outside seating area. 
Unfortunately, the drinks here are TERRIBLE. I ordered a cucumber, basil, kiwi, vodka drink, but what I got was a glass of lukewarm vodka with a lifeless piece of cucumber floating in it. One of my friends had to ask for a new drink because hers was so overwhelmingly sweet. The bartenders are not very attentive, but our waitress was sweet and pretty accommodating. 
I wouldn't come back here - there are a lot of similar cocktail lounges and bars in Philadelphia that offer better drinks.I went with some friends a few weeks ago to enjoy live music upstairs; they had 3 different bands. The atmosphere was very welcoming, the bartender was charming and so attentive, and the music was delightful. I will be back soon!Stopped by here for a drink and some foods. I'll start by saying it is a strange ambiance because it is supposed to be an old speakeasy feel but there is a large screen TV in the front promoting their upstairs music venue. Don't get me wrong, I love the idea of bringing music into the mix (one of my fav. local bands actually played there the night after), but it just kind of takes away from the feel they were going for. 
It was nice to see the bar pretty full on a Friday night, definitely not a common occurrence at the former, Liberties.
Moving on. Their menu offers a large variety of food from sandwiches to "pies" and salads. Next time I have my eye on the pork belly banh mi sliders. I ordered the Reuban and it was very well executed and was the perfect amount of food for $10. The fiance ordered the smoked turkey sandwich and was also satisfied with his selection. The sandwiches come with a pickle and these house made parmesan chips that are off the chain. (It's $1 to sub in fries). We also ordered fried pickles, they were kind of bland, and doughy (I think the frier wasn't hot enough or they weren't swimming in there long enough). The sauce they came with was also kind of weird and too sweet. 
The craft beer selection is decent but there are no prices listed on the board--and for a good reason. They are entirely too expensive, even for nolibs. 
I will probably stop back in another time to try out a cocktail and a few other menu items. Maybe I'll even catch a show. B&B has a lot of potential but I'm not hooked yet.Cute spot. Had fish tacos and house pickles both were delicious. Had house old fashioned which was okay. Not as good as a bourbon place should be. Service was friendlyGREAT BRUNCH!!  Service on point. We are always in search of a great place for Sun brunch. Did a search and this place came up. Looking forward to having a D-n-D there soon.I'm at a loss for words. Perhaps this is due to the relaxing vibes I am currently riding after my scrumptious meal at bourbon and branch.
On a Thursday night the place is hopping yet the waiting staff is attentive knowing when to clear your plate, sometimes even before you do.
The place is known for their whisky menu cleverly contained in a children book. But I was impressed with their precise supper food. I Had to look up what I was ordering. I don't want to order something that I could make at home though. This place offers a complete nighttime delight from tunes to booze and back again.First time in Philly, had a great time stopping in here on a whim- we heard the fun 90s music they were playing and it lured us in, although we were originally heading somewhere else. Environment is really cool, nice bar area, live band upstairs and great music and service downstairs. Molly was a great server, super friendly and attentive. She was very helpful and accommodating. I had the Raphael margarita which was amazing ( made by Adam)- awesome mix of spicy and sweet and perfect balance of the two. There are so many drink options and a great reasonably priced beer selection. We had the chicken wings which were huge (comes with three full wings)- smokey and tasty with the buffalo sauce and blue cheese . Next time would definitely come in for a full dinner. Seems like they're open pretty late too. Overall great experience and fun place to hang out- will definitely be back next time we're in town.Enjoyed brunch here with a coworker. Nice pub atmosphere, friendly staff, and tasty food. I had a concoction with eggs, sausage gravy, biscuit and cheeses and it was great. My friend had big, fluffy pancakes that I tasted and loved despite pancakes not being my first breakfast food choice. Reasonably priced too.Typically this was my favorite place for brunch. Anytime friends visit me - I'm adamant about coming here. After this visit I can say I won't be back. The level of service we received was mediocre at best. I was also watching a short video clip on my phone and the server (who wasn't my own) tapped our table and said "do you mind turning that down?" Actually it wasn't that loud considering a DJ is playing music. Then he proceeds to make a "snide" comment to the table he was serving, "I can't even remember what I was going to say." Lastly, I ventured out of my normal routine and had the pork belly - didn't enjoy at all. Its been real BB - can't say I'll ever "darken your doorstep again." Wouldn't want to distract your clients from the horrible service and poor attitudes of waitstaff.Your venue is ridiculous. Too many people let on and crappy acoustics.  Maybe I would love it if I were a hipster.The food is always delicious here. We've come here a few times for dinner and tried brunch for the first time today. The service is always a little slow... Taking away a star for me. It's a smaller space with a cute atmosphere. Drink menus are in cute old kids books. 
Brunch -- My party got the confit pork belly and eggs, cinnamon roll pancakes, corned beef hash and eggs, and the huevos. The confit pork belly and eggs was good but not quite what I expected, I wouldn't order it again. The corned beef on the other hand was out of this world. Very salty and has a kick but not in a bad way. My friend said that the huevos were delicious. The pancakes were out of this world. The cinnamon and sugar on top was a crunchy caramelized texture that really added to the pancakes. Loved them 
Also side note. The biscuits were good but not nearly as delicious as other reviewers claimed (at least in my book!) 
Dinner -- their Mac and cheese is delicious. I make sure to always get a side no matter what I'm eating. 
Overall good food, good drinks, ok service.This is by far the best lunch I have ever had in Philadelphia. I started to go down the street but per my friends choosing, we came here. #WIN!!!!! Kate our waitress was amazing. When I went to order, I asked her about my selection and she said "your making ALL the right choices" lol. Indeed #facts. The reuben sandwich was so thick and tasty. But the highlight was the oxtail fries. Life itself!!!! So juicy, so flavorful, soooooo delicious! If your coming to Philly, you better stop here or slap yourself for not doing it!The food at this place is usually good. I have come for brunch, lunch and dinner. Service is on and off. I've had really great servers and really poor servers. 
It would be great if there were more "stars" on their serving staff to keep the quality of the overall experience consistent. Some visits I am amazed and others I just want to go home and order takeout. 
Food: Consistent, Good
Drinks: Consistent, Good
Service: Fair to Poor at times 
Atmosphere: Good, WelcomingMy girlfriend, cousin and I came here for restaurant week because the menu sounded promising. I mean who doesn't love downtown southern food right? 
We arrived right around 8pm and the restaurant was completely empty inside. It was a typical bar look inside with wooden booths and dim lights. We chose to sit outside since our was a nice night. We sat for about 20 minutes before somebody came to take our drink order. This should have been the indication of how slow service would be smh
For appetizers I ordered the shrimp and anchovy toast which the toast was burnt but the shrimp had a decent flavor. My friend ordered the country pate which was bland and not enough bread for the pate. My cousin ordered the biscuits and gravy which was the only good tasting thing. 
For our entrees, I ordered the shrimp gumbo which was decent in flavor but needed more spices. My friend ordered the country fried chicken which was crispy but flavorless. My cousin ordered the braised beef short ribs which were very salty. We were far from impressed. 
For dessert I took the recommendation of the server and ordered the whiskey brownie a la mode. The brownie was stale and so hard. I could have gotten a better brownie premade from the grocery store. 
So the slow service with the mediocre food will cause us not to come back to this place. It's sad considering the food description had so much potential.I will have to try this place again for a more accurate assessment. Stopped by for lunch on a Thursday and ordered the grilled chicken kale Cesar salad. When I dig into it, it was suburb!  Perfectly portioned and seasoned. But then a few bites into it I found a long hair in it. No big deal, gave the salad back and they made me a new one. The second salad tasted tasted like a distant version of the first. As if someone completely different and inexperienced made the second and the real chef made the first. The second salad did not have the shaved cheese, the kale was wet which really ruined the experience (but I was hungry so I ate and went), the proportions were off too, the "smoked" chicken had zero "smoke" to it. 
Not sure what happened, maybe the waiter made he second one?? 
Place had a cool old pub vibe to it. I will be back to give it another try only due to the first salad being spot on minus the hair.Stopped by for drink and basically greeted by 3 hipster bartenders who made me wait 5 minutes to order at the empty bar, ordered a lite beer and after that was completely ignored until I waved down a bartender after another 5 minutes, could be gay bar which is fine, just don't treat straight customers badly.We've lived in the neighborhood for the last three years and always passed by Bourbon and Branch on our way to Green Eggs Cafe. We decided to avoid the long lines/heat this morning and give it a try.
We arrived right after opening and had our pick of tables. We grabbed a booth by the front and had a nice conversation with the hostess (friendly and welcoming). The menu had a reasonable variety of southern inspired options--we ordered chicken and biscuits, Bubba's Benedict (came with a side of pimento cheese grits), and coffee.
Our server, Marissa, was quick, attentive, and friendly, and the wait time for food was just long enough for us reminisce about our trip to New Orleans. The music and interior definitely reminded us of our time in Louisiana (the thrift store mugs and plates were all mismatched, but gave the restaurant a home-y vibe).
The food was fantastic. The biscuits were flaky and moist, the chicken was well fried and tender. The pimento cheese grits were smooth, flavorful, and unique. The food wasn't greasy or too filling--we left feeling satisfied.
If you're having brunch in the area, we highly recommend skipping some of the other local options with long-lines to try Bourbon and Branch. This might be our new favorite brunch spot, and we'll certainly be back again soon to try dinner and drinks.Got the Lumberjack breakfast. It was a nice place not that packed, looked like a pub. Waiters were nice and there's beer and yogaI went here with some friends while visiting for the weekend, I am extremely pleased with everything about this place. From the decor, vibe, music (DJ was playing old soul music and R&B that hit every chord in the right way). The portions were grand, I feel like there are often many spots that don't get it right or overcharge for basics, not here. I loved everyone else's dishes too (literally since the place settings are a mixture of types / designs of plates). Their biscuits are SOOOOOO good, make SURE you get them. I had the cheesy grits with shrimp hands down awesome & prepared the right way (and I'm picky since I go to ATL a lot), they get it right here! Absolutely coming back here for my next brunch when I'm in town!Place is super cool they have tons of different Burbon to try. Wait was very short to get in and sit down. Everyone treats you like a friend when you walk in especally from giving me shit about my Chicago blackhawks credit card. Lol. We sat down for breakfast and by far they have the best biscuits and gravy I have had to day. The pineapple mimosas were stellar as well. Give this little hole in the wall a shot. Well worth it!Have only been here for lunch a few times...and each time I ordered the Pork Belly Banh Mi which is braised pork belly, Cajun pate, pickled carrots and tomatillos, chipotle aioli, jalapeno and cilantro. Wow! I dream about this sandwich. I think it's the best banh mi I've had anywhere. I haven't tried anything else because I keep coming back for this sandwich. A friend had the pulled pork sandwich and said it was very good. Service was great, prices are okay. I'll update once I've tried other menu items.This picture is in portrait mode on the iPhone 8+ so use your imagination the further you look back in the photo or just focus on what's in front of you.
Attached is a picture of my order, which is Chicken & Waffles with a side of Pimento Cheese Grits. In the back is a Pineapple Mimosa which was delicious and even further back is a Cranberry Mimosa. I would highly recommend this spot for anyone who wants to take a good nap after they dine. This food filled me up and I emptied my plate (the grits first, mimosa next, then the food). Bourbon and Branch offers a chill vibe and cozy seating, excellent staff, nice prices, and delicious mimosas. If you're looking for a good weekend brunch, this is your spot! 
P.s my social dm's were flooded with ?'s about where my food was from after I posted it.This was one of my favorite spots in the city, every underrated. Until I went about a month ago, the menu change was not a great one, the chicken and waffles was my favorite item on the old menu it was sweet, savory, large portioned etc, but the new is very basic! Then the french toast has changed at well wasnt happy. Please bring back the old menu!!! The positive though, still a great atmosphere and great music.I checked out Bourbon & Branch for the first time last night, Friday night happy hour into evening. It was very busy but not unpleasantly packed.The cocktail menu is amazing. Their menu is pasted into pages of old children's books.The one I got was "What Is a Stranger and What Should I Do?" which was wonderfully creepy.  My bartender Kate was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.She started me with "The Hemingway" rum cocktail-it was sweet and refreshing. Because so many of the drinks sounded tantalizing on the menu I decided to switch it up to the "Branch Cosmo" for my next drink.It was such a refreshing change from the saccharine sweet that you have come to expect from your typical cosmo.Fresh cranberries and orange were muddled into the Tito's vodka.It was delicious.Both the Hemingway and the Cosmo were made with all fresh ingredients and were both balanced and stiff. They tasted the way a beautiful spring day feels.
There was a shift change and Brendon took over on bartending duties.I noticed it was still happy hour so I figured I would take advantage of the specials and order an Old Fashioned.It was easily the best Old Fashioned I had ever had in my life. I can definitely see myself going back to Bourbon & Branch for many many more of these.
The cocktail prices might have seemed a little expensive at first glance but they were all WELL worth the price.
By this time I realized I was pretty hungry so I decided to order some food.
The Irish nachos appetizer was awesome and more than affordably priced.It was ample enough for 3-4 people to eat. Since it was just me,there were PLENTY of leftovers.
I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu there.I had a really tough time deciding which thing to get,especially after seeing so many other patrons' food go by that looked simply amazing.Delicious plus bottomless mimosas! The fried cheese epic! Great environment! Nice cool decor!This is one of my favorite brunch places in Philly. Food is amazing and filling. Service is fantastic, and the vibe is laid back and fun. This past Sunday the DJ was awesome. Love it hereEverything about this place gets 5 stars.
Food: AMAZING. Just take a look at all of the pictures I attached, there wasn't an item on the menu that left you unsatisfied. Luckily, I went with a large party so there was plenty of opportunities to snag a bite here and there. 
Fried Pickles - crispy & delicious with a batter to pickle ratio that is on point
Oxtail fries - an explosion of flavors. Oxtail is a fattier meat, so just know that going into it!
Bang Bang Chicken Sandwich - really good! The sandwich was not what I was expecting since it came on a hoagie roll. It reminded me more of a glorified cheese steak. It was delicious, but if I come back I'll probably order something else on the menu
Kale Caesar Salad - delicious!
Chicken and Waffles - That chicken is incredible. Every bite just got better and better and it made me want to cry a little inside when it was over
Mac & Cheese - YUM
Chicken Wings - Pretty good!
Our server was Jonathan who was awesome. He made great recommendations and overall made it a fun experience for all of us. Service was incredibly attentive and the entire evening was so smooth. The atmosphere of this place is also great. The music put me in an awesome mood and really contributed to the entire experience. 
I HIGHLY recommend this place. I WILL BE BACK!Delicious breakfast..I had the lumberjack slam. Definitely will come back to try their lunch or dinner. They played great Motown musicI didn't care for the bar look in the place because I went Sunday morning and the food was so good!!
Why not come here instead of waiting outside in front of the other brunch place down the block.
I loved the waffle burger and it was very fulfilling.
They have tons of vegan or veggie options.
But one thing I didn't like were the tiny tables and the sticky floors.
We will come back for the food if in the area!I've lived in Philly for 10 years and I can't believe I'm just finding Bourbon and Branch! Now a favorite!! Everything we had was  delicious! Mac & Cheese, Fried Chicken, Mushroom Stroganoff, Braised Pork, fries ( me and my family like to eat a lot! )  Worth every calorie and dollar! The staff was really nice and service was on point! My dad is really annoying and asks a million questions when going out to eat, the waitress and host were both super patient and sweet with his million and one questions! ( I think their names were  Cameron and Mickey? ) And everything was decently priced. Will definitely be going back !!! Also great atmosphere! Go!Excellent experience! Went for brunch on a Saturday and were surprised that there was no wait. Our server (I think her name was Melissa?) was so accommodating and friendly and our food was delicious. I had the special which was a stuffed French toast. The veggie breakfast burrito was also amazing. Definitely the spot if you're looking for a relaxed atmosphere and good comfort food.My husband and I visited this past Friday night. We were seated right away. The atmosphere is very casual with a number of groups and people sitting at the bar. I ordered the skillet roasted chicken and my husband ordered the pulled pork sandwich. The wait for our food was rather long, more that 30 minutes. My husband said the sandwich was ok, the bread was soggy. The brought my skillet out telling to be careful of the "hot" skillet, the runner was holding it with his bare hands! I tried the succotash, it was actually cold, not room temp but cold. The gravy was also cold. The only thing hit was the chicken itself, I asked if this was the perpetration and was told no. The biscuit was also cold at room temp. The server offered to have it prepared again but having been there an hour at this point I was not interested in hanging around. They offered a small discount for the food I didn't eat but didn't take it off the check. No manager ever came over to apologize for the situation. It was over all a very disappointing experience.I went to bourbon and branch last night, on a Sunday.  Although it was busy it wasn't crazy.  My friend and I waited for almost a half hour at our table without a single server offering us water or menus.  We finally got up to leave and as we were leaving the waiter who ignored us the whole time came over and said he didn't realize we wanted table service.  Odd since we had been seated at a table during dinner time.  What else do people go to a restaurant for?  Skip bourbon and branch and try one of the other great restaurants in northern libs instead where you can actually get good service.My friends and I used to love coming here for their burgers until my most recent visit. They changed their menu and it's nowhere near as good. The bread for the burgers is different and feels like low quality, overly soft white bread. The burger itself is a lot less juicy. They also changed their fried pickles to some other fried veggie mix which is alright, but doesn't touch the old fried pickles. Our server Ashley was great but I hope they return the menu to its former glory.I've been here twice and both times I wasn't too enthused with the restaurant. The architecture is great, it feels like you just walked into an old fashioned lounge in NYC. I assume that the space is fairly old. 
However the food isn't that great. I've had the chicken nachos, which were so smothered in cheese, sour cream, and dressing that they were difficult to pull apart and eat. It was like dealing with some huge cheese brick.
I've also had the bang bang chicken sandwich which was so charred that I could barely discern the dressing. The chicken breast they used was huge but too big for the bun.
Beer prices are great compared to other spots around town. Definitely worth the visit if all you need is a happy hour drink.
Service is fine.So, this place is just like Liberties, but way more expensive? Am I getting this right? Just because you add a sign to the outside and add some fancy drinks to the menu doesn't mean you're the new, hip bar in town. The drinks are really expensive and not that good. The food was meh. Ordered the seitan cheese steak and they served it with a side of chips topped with parmesean. HELLO?! I just ordered a VEGAN cheese steak. Why in the world would you put *CHEESE* on top of chips on a vegan plate? The answer is that this place probably doesn't know any better. Kudos for the vegan items, but bad job on quality control. Service was OK. The tab was really expensive for a not-so-good experience. Won't be back based on all of these things.I will admit, it would be difficult to be a worse bar/restaurant than than Liberties (which formerly occupied the place) but Bourbon and Branch is a very welcome addition to the neighborhood. We went for brunch on Sunday and the menu is great, tons of sandwiches, egg dishes, soups and salads.  I had the smoked pastrami and it was amazing.  My BF had the lamb burger and was very impressed.  This is a great casual spot for dinner or brunch and very reasonably priced.  We will definitely be returning.  I've heard they're looking into live music Thurs-Sat which is also a nice addition to the NoLibs scene. 
The decor/ambiance is exactly the same as Liberties and could use a little bit of updating.  it's super dark and a little musty and the 50's/60's music was a bit odd, but the food is really great and the beer selection is impressive.  The staff was very friendly and service was prompt.  I think this place might have some staying power in the neighborhood if they spruce up the inside a little bit.Drove by hungry and saw a "restaurant and bar" sign and decided to stop in. Needless to say, I am very glad we did. The food was beyond amazing. I had the fried chicken and Mac and cheese and she had the oxtail fries and spicy tuna nachos. Everything tastes great and fresh. Drinks were great also. Nice selection of cocktails and draft beer. Bourbon and Branch is definitely going on my list of go to places and very high up on it.Lucked into this restaurant on 3/4/17 for breakfast/brunch only because we couldn't get into two other local restaurants with long waits.  What a find!  The service was exceptional (loved our waitress) and the food was excellent.  I'm a coffee snob and the coffee was delish.  We all had the breakfast burritos which were excellent.  We especially liked that they lightly grilled the burrito.  Side potatoes had a nice spice to them and the cheese grits were yummy. 
No need to try to get into the other crowded Northern Liberties hot spots.  I'll definitely come back!Chicken was awesome. Collards very good. Skip the shrimp and grits. They put andouille sausage w shrimp gumbo on top making the grits soupy. I've decided I dislike andouille. The dish had an off smell which reminded me of hay. The oxtail fries oh yes!  Fries oxtail gravy jalapeños and red onions.  Huge portions.I came here for happy hour during a day trip to Philly. This place was great, they had select $5 whiskey cocktails and the food was good too! I had the fried chicken sandwich and it did not disappoint! A place with a great selection of bourbon and whiskey.I ordered off of Grubhub. Called because my order was not delivered during the time range I was given. The guy over the phone was rude and made it seem like it was my fault the food was not being delivered during the allotted time range. He said that the times given by them don't coincide with Grubhubs and I should bring it up with Grubhub (Definitely not my job). Super rude! Mind you I was just calling to find out when my food was going to arrive.The best chicken and biscuits I've ever had. I dream about it at night.I recently moved to Northern Liberties and have been loving this food and drink spot! The ambiance resembles an old English pub with a modern twist. The food is tasty and the drink selections are great. I have also been here for happy hour and their food and drink specials are great deals. They have $5 margaritas or old fashioneds as well as $2 off drafts. They also have a $2 discount on any of their "shares" aka appetizers. I think I'll keep coming back here on a regular basis. I can't wait!The service was fantastic, the bourbon selection was solid, but more than anything else: the Chicken, Biscuit & Sausage Gravy appetizer is worth the price of admission! All of their food has been excellent though. Great spot!Always a good dinner option, but had brunch here for the first time this past weekend. Waitress was super nice, and the food was great. And drag quizzo is fun.This is such a cool bar with that very relaxed vibe. I went here with co-workers for happy hour, and really dug this place. The whiskey cocktails were really good and for 5.00 during happy hour was awesome. The beer selection was really good with a lot of decent craft selections. I also ordered a grilled cheese sandwich with goat cheese and a burger patty, and that was really good! Our server was a real cool guy and answered any questions we had. This is a bar I hope to frequent more often, especially for happy hour.I ordered the smoked trout Benedict with potatoes and it was the worst Benedict I have ever had.  In my lifetime I have enjoyed Benedict dishes in seven U.S. states from the west coast to the east coast and Bourbon & Branch managed to really ruin a potential good meal.  The potatoes were hard as a rock, they seemed as though they had been sitting out for three days.  The trout was over-salted, the sauce had no flavor and the bread (not English muffin) was horrible.  The eggs were under-cooked and also over-salted.
I then tried my friend's hummus and pita, also quite bad.  The pita bread was wet (with water) and the hummus was flavorless AND over-salted.  I am able to prepare better hummus and pita whilst in a coma.
My husband ordered the chicken and biscuits, the bacon n'beer mac and the branch brined wings.  ALL were over-salted.  The "food" was not edible.
Burbon and Branch is apparently for people who are too drunk to notice (or care) if they have been served proper food or not.  PATHETIC.We stumbled upon this place for brunch and wow, it's a great find!! The food was unique and absolutely delicious- best home fries and grits ever!! We will be coming back... Soon! This place is definitely worth the drive!!Not bad whiskey bar.  Some interesting cocktails, though they were all a bit sweet for my taste.  I tried the Broken Chandelier (gin, St. Germain, cilantro, cucumber, simple sugar).  It was pretty good, though I think it would have been better with Hendrick's over Bombay and if there was a bit less simple syrup.  I think the other one that I tried was the Irish Jolly (Jameson, Snap ginger liqueur, fresh black berries, lime, ginger ale).  It wasn't my favorite, I don't think I liked the Snap liqueur). 
A pretty good list of beers available.  The couple that I tried I enjoyed more than the cocktails.  A long and interesting list of whiskey.  I think next time I will be just sticking to whiskey or rye with ice.  
I like the vibe here, it seemed to be busy, bustling, without being over crowded.Me and one of my BFF's went to a movie premiere on a Wednesday night downtown. Afterward we opted for dinner. She told me she had been to Bourbon&Branch for wings and fries and they were pretty good so I looked up their menu online. They had some pretty eclectic items listed as dishes and they had lots of "homemade/house prepared" choices, right down to the ice cream! Their drink menu was not only extensive but it was also adorable....it was made using a children's book circa 1978. They even left some of the original pages inside for you to entertain yourself with while you flip through it. Our waitress Sarah was awesome and attentive. Our drinks came right away and we waited just the right amount of time before our food got to the table. I ordered a burger ($5) with cheese, fried onion straws, avocado and pickles. All my toppings were super fresh and the burger was pretty big! My BFF had the Bang Bang Chicken Sandwich with chips and she said it was INSANELY delicious! Her sandwich was so burly that she had to take the second half home! It was a favorable experience for an impromptu dinner decision. I'm convinced that there's something really interesting going on in that kitchen over there....I just may write "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" and drop a dime so I can get a camera crew back there and see what's going on! Lol.One of my favorite spots in Philly. Food was always pretty solid and the drinks were food too. I found the menu to be a tad bit overpriced, but not unreasonable. The service was generally okay, and I'm glad they changed the menus. They used to have these huge menu boards that were unwieldy and cumbersome.This bar has it all. Multiple $5 city wide specials, awesome whiskey selection, cheap beers but awesome atmosphere. The bar tenders are great too. Super friendly and conversational. If you have 10 dollars in your pocket and want to have a good time in a respectable bar, come here. (Also if you're going to festival pier for a concert like we were, this place is awesome to grab a drink beforehand)The bartender was taking a while, so the entire bar starting singing backstreet boys. It sucked.The service and atmosphere was fine, but the food was overall underwhelming and disappointing. After seeing such great reviews, much of the menu was definitely below expectation. For $18, I got six ribs that were smothered with a sauce that was primarily vinegar. For the same price, my boyfriend got a steak that seemed to be barely 5 or 6 oz. The macaroni seemed to be made with some sort of creamy, processed cheese, which wasn't terrible, but also wasn't up to par. The Belgian fries were mostly undercooked. For dessert my brownie was stale (?). The outside was very hard and crispy, and the inside was dry and grainy. 
On the upside, the chicken and biscuit platter was very good, as were the fried pickles and sweet potato fries (although the fries came with an out-of-place curry mustard). Our service was very good, and the atmosphere seemed fun. 
In summary, I might come back if I'm looking for a bar and possibly some snacks, but definitely not for dinner.For brunch, the place felt hung over. The service was fine, but a little dull. Not sure why they open so early if they are understaffed. My steak and eggs ($18) was passable, a little salty, though (whole peppercorns didn't help matters), and the cut of meat wasn't trimmed well. Bloody Mary was standard.I live in the area and come here regularly- great food, great beers, great cocktails, and AMAZING specials. Normal prices are good already, but the specials are great. I've always had amazing service and the atmosphere is really nice. Seriously can't say enough good things. The oxtail fries are INCREDIBLE, as well as many of the other things I've tried. I haven't been to a show upstairs, but it seems like a good place for it.
update:
Just tried brunch here for the first time- awesome! got the corned beef hash with eggs and a biscuit and added a side of their beer cheese sauce- so good!Don't know what took us so long to come here! Fried chicken salad was so good. Nice portion of chicken and egg, avocado, onion, mushroom - legit all my fave things. My boyfriend got the spicy chicken sandwhich and it was delicious! We ordered a side of the house made chips as well which were great to snack on. Nice vibe, large drink menu, will def be backCame for brunch and was pleasantly surprised.  The service was excellent, and the food delicious. We had a group of 6 which they accommodated cheerfully.  Some of us had breakfast items, others had lunch.  Everyone enjoyed their food, and the portions were generous.  The cost was extremely reasonable with the meals from $8-$15. They have a nice variety of craft beers which my husband appreciated. The key lime pie for dessert was excellent.  We could see this becoming one of our favorite places to visit!
On a side note, we had no trouble finding parking, even though it's a busy block.This is one of the best places in No Libs, hands down.  We come here from time to time and always have a great time.  Food and service this last visit was awesome.  Branch Nachos, Challah French Toast, and a Taco Salad.  All awesome and very tasty.  Our bartender was awesome as well.  He was polite, prompt, gave suggestions, and checked back on us frequently.  He was great!  We will definitely be back for another visit.This place is ridiculously good! From the fantastic selection of beverages to the mouth-watering choices of food!! Did I mention vegan and vegetarian options galore as well as so many tasty dishes for meat eaters too! I had the fish tacos tonight and they were dynamite! Best fish tacos I've ever had. I also really enjoy the "one hot sailor" hot cider beverage. The atmosphere is also so soothing and bartenders/wait staff are very welcoming and kind. Go here on your day off, you won't regret it!We came here for brunch on a Saturday noon. We got seats immediately but waited for 1 and half hour to get the food. Food was just ok, definitely not worth waiting. We doubt we'll come back againBourbon and Branch exudes class.  This classy joint offers a wide variety of whiskeys/whiskies, scotch, bourbons and the like at fair costs.  They also have a wide variety of drafts and bottle with several inexpensive local options as well.  The cocktail menus are in old library books which is certainly an interesting way of presenting the drink menu.  I thought this would be primarily a whiskey bar upon first glance, but the food menu offers many delicious options as well.  It is a wonderful atmosphere with knowledgeable and friendly service from the bartenders/servers.  A must visit when trolling through northern liberties.Really unhappy with the food - the rainbow trout was super salty. It became more and more salty with each bite. Couldn't finish more than half of it. The shaved sprouts dish had more fried onions than sprouts. The roasted cauliflower in masala was ok. Overall weak sauce.I have only been to this place once, but the food is awesome! I had the pull pork sandwhich with the Irish nachos, and the guava bread pudding (that unfortunately is off the menu now, or so I heard) the owner guy is so adorable, he reminds me of a cute little grandpa, I believe his son is the cook and it is family owned. I went in with a friend of the family so I have a bit of the "inside scoop" I love the this restaurant! Please put the guava bread pudding back on the menu!!Honestly I never set foot in this place when it was the old Liberties bar and I was happy to hear that it was changing over to Bourbon & Branch.  
Ambiance: The decor is nice and dark with beautiful old woodwork & a (gas) fireplace. Everyone on staff, from the host who greets you at the door to our server was friendly and welcoming. Drinks came out quickly and the food was well timed. 
Drinks: good cocktail list, delicious & well made whiskey sour.  The drink menus are written out in old library books which looks really cool but is kind of a pain to have taking up space on your table.  They have a lot of beers on tap, but no beer list just yet (the server had them written down for herself & let us take a look at her list).  Also no written scotch/whiskey/bourbon list which would be helpful.
Food: the fried pickles with honey mustard sauce were tasty.  I thought the seitan cheesesteak was a bit too heavy & salty.  The first few bites were good but then it just became overly filling and too heavy & salty to finish. I thought it was funny that the price of the seitan cheesesteak is $10.666. They get points for a witty menu.
Great to have this new addition to the neighborhood, but a few things still need to be worked out. I'm sure I'll be returning.So good!  Great prices especially considering the area, beautifully restored bar and decor.  We ordered some beers and an old fashioned, which were all delicious.  A new favorite drinks spot in the area!