My friends and I met here for Happy Hour.  
Great Space. Great atmosphere. 
Good HH deals.  I ordered the Brautwurst Sandwich with sauerkraut which came with mustard on the side.  I really enjoyed the food and the time thereThis is a condensed review during restaurant week.
First of all, Brauhaus Schmitz, when viewed as a restaurant week deal is nothing short of amazing! The entire ambiance is quite rustic, with cute wooden drawers decorating the walls, larger-than-life murals and waiters walking around in traditional German garments. The food, as least when you order items like the shanks, are well portioned, especially when considering the $35pp. I also loved the beer, especially the flights of beer (ranging from $10-18), as it allows a non-beer drinker to enjoy an impressive array of various flavors and textures of the classic German beers without feeling overwhelmed.
For the food, I wasn't a big fan of the cheese and beer soup, as they were served luke-warm to cool and the taste just didn't settle in right with my stomach. However, the braised beef stew with carrots and potatoes were perfect for a wintry evening. For the second course, we got the potato pancakes and the red cabbage salad with bacon dressing. I have to be honest, even though the cabbage may have looked incredibly plain, the subtle bacon aroma, especially when bathed with the acidity of the vinaigrette gave the dish a better representation based on its mouthfeel than its visual features. The potato pancake was unfortunately floppy, in both taste, texture and temperature. As for the main dish, I got the pork shank and my wife got the sausages. The shank was definitely neanderthal sized with thick and flavorful chichurons, although the meat was not flavored at all, possibly due to its size. The sausages were alright, but I wasn't too crazy as they were just slightly too greasy. The desserts, unfortunately fell through. Even though we were offered the apple strudels as options, we were told 10 minutes after ordering that they were out. As a result, we opted for the pretzel pudding and the chocolate cake. Both were incredibly sweet and surprisingly very tough in texture (almost like treebark jerky) and we had to dissect the dish just to avoid chipping our teeth.
So, with all this, why the 2 stars? Well, it comes down to service. Our waiter, without going in details just did not do the job right. He was never attentive, hard to pin down, looked at us weirdly during the entire dinner, delivered food for 3 out of 4 patrons at a time with an awkward 5 minute pause without any explanation or apologizes. Needless to say, his behavior and actions single-handedly ruined our experience.
Food: 4 stars
Price: 5 stars (for restaurant week)
Service: 0 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars (the music could be less loud)Great experience, live our server Megan. Love German food choices. Great German wine. Easy parking. Close to South Street Seaport. Make it part of your day tripThis place is just flat out awesome. If you're a beer person, they've got tons of different beers bottled and on tap, mostly in the German variety. Some of these are harder to find in the states. And some beers you can get in a liter mug. 
For food, it's instant nostalgia if you've been to Germany, otherwise it's just a great dining experience. This is as close to authentic German food as your going to get in Philly. That being said, if you're a vegetarian, German food probably isn't for you (they may have vegetarian dishes, but you'll be limited). 
This place is just what you need for a good hearty meal to combat the winter and will have some nice cold beer to refresh you in the summer. One of my new favorites in the city.My bridal shower was hosted here and it was amazing. Not your typical shower because I wanted it to be a "Jack and Jill" style party and since my fiancé is mostly German this fit our party perfectly. 
The private room, food and staff were amazing. They were on top of everything, friendly and accommodating for my guests. All around a great group of people. The food was delicious, came out hot and made sure there was always enough. I could go on and on about how great this place was but I'm hoping you will go and find out for yourselves. 
This was my first time there and I can't wait to go back. Thank you so much for making my special day exceed all my expectations.Almost an hour wait to get our food on a Sunday afternoon. How hard is to cook sausages?
Being nice, complaining and asking politely why doesn't help get your food any faster. Fail. Won't come back here.I came here via a Livingsocial Adventure and had an excellent time.  The place looks very authentic and the wait staff are extremely friendly.  We got to sample 4 of their draft beers.  The names escape me, but they were all pretty tasty.  We also tried the pretzel and fries.  Both were excellent.  If their brats and schnitzel can match the quality of their appetizers, they will surely make me a frequent customer.  I highly anticipate going back!Awesome German food, great staff. Our server Megan could not of been nicer. Great atmosphere. If you get a chance come on outI'll readily admit, I'm the Colonel Klink of German Bier-Hall expertise. 
My German acumen is accumulated from seeing Germany (in Busch Gardens & Epcot)..as well as Otto's in Horsham, Ludwigs here in Philly..and watching hours of Hogans Heroes. So, I am obviously more than qualified to comment on Brauhaus Schmitz.
I am giving them slack, as I am desperate for authentic, good German food and beer in Philadelphia, and they are still fine-tuning.
We had the Sauerbraten and 3-4 half-liters of various biers. The Sauerbraten was dry, yet the spaetzle and sauerkraut were terrific. 
The service was quick, the atmosphere very good. We were told the wait for table was 30min, 15 min later, we were seated. 
We enjoyed the music (although barely audible). The beer selection is great, and rotates. The wait staff knew their stuff on food (although they need to bone-up on their beer knowledge..for us clueless on German Beer). 
Gotta hit the Brats and Goulash!I love the concept of this place. It's filled with German beers and all kinds of German food as well. The atmosphere is awesome and the staff professional and friendly. Even though it's obviously more renowned for the beer selection their attempt at making it a sit down dine in restaurant that a family can come in to enjoy is appreciated. I'm letting you know now, this place is all about GERMAN BEER. You will find more varieties and seasonal beers here straight from the motherland than anywhere else in a 50 mile radius. That being said don't expect them to have the alcohol for you dolce leche tini whatever you wanna call it. Staff was easy to get ahold of and if they didn't have a beer they had in their glossary of German beer they were quick to suggest something they had like it. You can get your beers in all kinds of sizes leading right up to pitchers if you're with a group and its still relatively cheap.Great gluten free options! Great service! Great food! I haven't tried something off their menu I have not liked. Their happy hour is awesome ($5 sausages).Super warm and cozy place and staff.
My family, friends and I always enjoy our dishes.  Child-friendly for lunch and (early) dinner.Gave us a great overall dining experience. Fantastic atmosphere for during sports games- definitely the place to go to watch a hockey game with some friends and incredible beer. Authentic German cuisine: Potato pancakes, sauerkraut to die for, and tastey desserts (Caramel pretzel bread pudding was on point). Alcohol menu was extensive and full of great choices. If we were locals, this would be our go-to restaurant!Very good food 
Awesome people and atmosphere 
We went there for October fest and it was great easy to find very clean 
Recommend it to everyone to tryI've been here several time and the beer just seems to get better each time I go. Their beer selection really can't be beat if you are into German beers. One of my favorites has to be the Erdinger.
The food is always great here and I haven't had anything that I didn't like. The pretzels are probably the best in the city. They come out fresh and warm and are sure to please. They come with two mustards for dipping, one is a hot mustard and the other is sweeter but still a bit spicy.
The service has always been great for us here and we usually go with a fairly large group (6-8 people). The waiters and waitresses are always lot of fun and really know their stuff. I've also been on a couple occasion where they had live music, which was really fun. The last group we saw there was a bluegrass band that was really into their act and a lot of fun to watch.
This is definitely one of my top 5 places to go in Philly and I always tell people to go here.I read an article in the Inquirer when they first opened, and was intrigued. This was my first experience eating authentic German food. I went to a show at the TLA a few blocks down and I left time for dinner. We parked across the street from Brauhaus Schmitz so I suggested we go there. We weren't disappointed. 
The beer list is impressive. I picked a lager that sounded good and it was delicious. The waitress was very helpful and suggested a few based on our preferences. They had $3 appetizers so we each had one of those. I had Obatzda, very different but very savory. My dining partner had a similar app, but with liverwurst on rye instead of the cheese mixture. 
I dug right in and decided on the wurstplatte, which gives you a choice of two wursts and two sides. I had the kasewurst (beef, pork and cheese) and the bauerwurst (beef, pork, garlic and pepper). Both were good, but the bauerwurst was better, especially if you love garlic. I had applesauce and spaetzle as sides. Both were homemade and the spaetzle was buttery. My dining partner had the bratwurst with sauerkraut and spaetzle. With that entree you get a whole coil of brat so he took half of it home. 
Surprisingly, we had room for dessert and split a Sachertorte. I have to admit I had just seen the No Reservations Austria episode so I had high hopes for this chocolate delicacy. It exceeded my expectations and however many calories it contained, it was well worth it. 
The waitresses were helpful and attentive. The lights were dim and the ambiance loud, and there was some soccer game playing on the televisions. (I also noticed beer specials during soccer games.)
Overall this is something different from the same old same old offered in the area. Highly recommended.Went for the first time after having wanted to go for several years. The place was quite nice inside with a decent atmosphere.  Although I appreciate the fact that the place was opened up to the outside, it was hot and humid outdoors.  The place was uncomfortable inside and they have no ceiling fans so there was no air movement whatsoever.
The beer list is impressive with many nice German offerings which you won't find at even many of the well known beer establishments in the city.  But I was not blown away by the food.  The salted white radishes appetizer was served at above room temperature and was on its way to becoming kimchi.  Edible but likely not freshly prepared.  While the sausages my mother-in-law had were ok, my Schnitzel was soggy and the meat dry.  Pathetic considering this should be a standard.  Potato salad, cucumber salad, and rotkohl (red cabbage) side dishes were good.  My wife had the cheese spatzle which was ok but nothing special.  I'm hoping it was an off weekend given it was the Memorial Day weekend but if the food is like this all the time, I won't be back.  
Only disclaimer I have is my mom is German and I've had the luxury of eating good German food both at home and in Germany.  So take the above for what it's worth.We stopped here for after dinner drinks. I wanted a good pretzel and this place delivered! The sauce was good, the beer was good, the service was good. If I lived in Philly this place would be a regular spot.This place is absolutely amazing. Great variety of beer and awesome service. Atmosphere is stellar especially during a european event. The potatoe pancakes were the best we ever had!!! Definetly recommend this place to others and will continue to go back for more!Best German good in the general Philly area. The schnitzel and house made sausages are fantastic. The sides are excellent. Their beer list is amazing and they have some of the best schnapps I've ever encountered. It's a tad overpriced, $18-25 for dinner, but it's tasty.
It's also beautiful inside.Good beer selection, and certainly the nicest bar on south st. We didn't try the food, but the beer recommendations by our waiter were all great.Do not go on a weekend if you are driving!!! There was basically no parking for a 10 block radius. Once there our waiter seemed a bit to above everyone to be nice, I guess he was having a bad day. I'll refrain from using his name to be nice. We got the sauerkraut balls which were good with good vinegar. Entree was sausages with bacon sauerkraut which wasn't that good. The bra it was ok but spicy sausage was overdone. Beer was good but you will spend 15 minutes looking through the list. I probably will never go back based on overall bad experience.Amazing!!!! Had dinner and drinks with another couple and loved it. The beer menu is great and we opted to take advantage of the multiple sizes they offer to try as many beers as we could.  Food was very good and our waitress was great at recommending items and pairings.  This was our first trip and I would say all 4 of us were sold and will return!Delicious and wide beer selection. Our server was top notch and the food was delicious. Not a sub par moment the entire evening.Beer = 4 starts
Food = 3 stars
Service = 2 stars
Longtime fan(s) of my writing know(s) that I don't mind slow service when out with friends, and Schmitz was lucky that my two companions and I had no other agenda for the evening, other than to catch-up.  And network (my agenda - I was unemployed, they weren't).  We sat along the railing on the second floor, and were seemingly ignored for long periods.  
Anyway, German meat is not a favorite of mine, but this place does as good a job as I could hope to expect.  Buying meat by the foot is just something everyone should try sometime.  Don't worry - you'll find something yummy to wash it down with.Great for authentic German food and beers. One of the best restaurants I've been to in the city.YOOOOOOOO this place is the best german restaurant I've been to and I've been to Germany. They have a huge (~15 page) beer menu and a  large food menu all filled with delicious selections. The restaurant itself is also large. Lets just say everything is jumbo sized here, including the portions. 
So I've been told that every village in Germany has their own "brew" and so thats why there can be sooo many different types of german beers, which is a pretty neat fact! I highly recommend anything with their mushroom gravy as I almost licked the plate afterwards. The service is also really friendly and the servers wear an adorable outfit that resembles a german villager. Whoever owns this restaurant definitely has a passion for sharing a true german experience and I'm definitely coming back.
If only I lived closer!Brauhaus Schmitz is a must for beer lovers and those who enjoy German food!  This is the most variety of German beers I have ever seen on draft, and I thoroughly enjoyed all the food I tried.  The only drawbacks are parking is on the street and can be hard to find, and the noise level of the restaurant can get loud.
Beers on draft are available by the liter or half litre, depending on your appetite.  I enjoyed the Julius Echter Dunkelweis for $6 for a half litre; it was a medium-dark version of a hefeweizen, and I really enjoyed it!
For starters, we had the potato pancakes ($6) and the soft pretzel $3).  Both were good, but I loved the pretzel!  The potato pancakes were two to the order, with a side of sour cream and fresh apple sauce.  The pretzel was warm and doughy with a bit of salt, and about the size of a salad plate.
For dinner, we shared the Gulasch mit Spätzle ($12) which came with one side, and the *Gemüsespätzle - spätzle with vegetables ($17) which also came with one side.  The Gulash was heavily seasoned and very hearty.  The vegetable spatzle was creamy and delicious (but you must like mushrooms).
If I lived in Philadelphia, I would definitely be a regular at this place!  Be sure to give it a try!Been going here for years. Great, authentic German food at a reasonable price, a large stock of rotating beers on the tap that are consistently fresh, and great service. One of my favorites in Philly.Highly recommend this place.
Went here to see Chelsea soccer.
Great German menu, nice selection of appetizers; we had the meat & cheese tray, both excellent!
The number one reason you want to get here; they serve Hofrbrau Haus beer on tap!!
The Royal Brew of Germany, the recipe remains a secret.
It's quite a refreshing beer.
Great service, atmosphere, food and drink!The quality of food at Brauhaus really surprised me. I was expecting something a notch above bar food and instead I received an absolutely delicious meal complemented by a fantastic beer selection. 
I do believe, dare I say it, that their soft pretzel is the best I've had in Philly (I loved the spicy mustard too). The Gemüsespätzle was fantastic. My boyfriend got the Sauerbraten and said it was the most authentic (and tasty) version he's had outside of Germany.
Thanks for classing up the bar scene, Brauhaus!Wait just a minute. You (yelp) mean to tell me that in the almost two years that I have lived across the street from this fine fine establishment/in the almost four years that I have been frequenting this fine fine establishment, I have not once...EVER....written a review? Just how drunk am...wait a minute...I'm going to stop right there.
Brauhaus Schmitz has got all the German wunder going on. From the kitchen comes a ridiculous selection of wursts, of which the bauernwurst is easily my favorite and can now be found on a roll topped with slaw at Wursthaus Schmitz at the terminal market. Pair your wurst with some kraut (I wish I could fill my bathtub with the stuff) or German potato salad so reminiscent of my grandmothers it at times makes me want to cry, and pull your meal together with one or five...or ten (then die) of Brauhaus's neverending rotating beers on tap. Get the boot! Get the boot! Or at the very least a liter, go big or go home, this is not a place to wimp out.
Happy hour here? One of the best in the city. All beer on tap is $4, two Paulaner Salvator's and I'm ready to say goodnight. The staff? Amazing. The boy bartenders are friendly and super cute, the waitresses are always looking perky in their traditional dirndls and big...uh....smiles, the kitchen staff: Jeremy, Henrik, and you Ritter! plus the rest are cranking out some awesome awesome food, and Marci...have you met her? Sweet as pie. My neighbors are regulars, fellow yelper John F. had his daughter's zero birthday here, and you're more often than not guaranteed to run into someone you know here regardless the time of day because it's just that kind of spot. 
With the addition of the Brauer Bund and it's beautiful tree bar allowing more room especially on those really crowded nights, this is hands down one of my favorite South Street neighbors and will continue to have me visiting time and time again.Had dinner tonight that was amazing. We were in Germany for 2 weeks in April and my husband and I both agree that the food here was just as good, if not better than where we were at (Munich, Garmisch, etc). The spaetzel was outstanding! We will be coming here on our next trip to phila for sure....better than a cheesesteak!!!
Parking wasn't a problem, portions were decent and prices were good. Between the 3 of us we had  wurst platters and jagerpfanne - best pork I've had in my life. I substituted spaetzel for the potatoes. My only mistake..not ordering an extra side of the spaetzel. 
We will definitely be back and will bring friends - worth the 3 hr drive from Northern Virginia!Love this place. The staff is always so friendly even when it is insanely busy or on a slow night- probably some of the best service in the city. The bartenders are always very attentive and knowledgeable. Great beer and great schinken (ham)...a month after we had the schinken plate, my boyfriend still talks about it. Maybe I'm a bit biased because I'm German but this is one of my all-time favorite spots. Do yourself a favor and los!We came for lunch today and shared six dishes.  First, the decor is rustic, lots of wood, and one of the tables is peculiarly warped, I just had to take a picture of it.  Quaint.  The place was almost empty, there was one server who was very good and helpful and attentive.
The beer is mostly German, and extensive.  I had two different kinds, both very tasty.
List of appetizers:
Potato pancakes:  good flavor, real grated potatoes, onion, herbs.  Slightly chewy (I prefer them crisp on the outside) with applesauce and sour cream.  Applesauce had cinnamon in it.
Currywurst.  Not very curry, had a barbecue-tasting sauce on the side.  Fries were fine, probably cut in-house and mildly spiced.  Not our favorite one.
Hungarian beef stew.  Tender chunks of meat, potatoes and a rich, spicy broth filled with smoked paprika and probably some extra heat.  Delightful.
Mains:
Two sausages (bratwurst and a Hungarian), with potaoes and sauerkraut.  Bratwurst tasty, slightly dry.  Hungarian sausage tasty spicy and tender.  Potatoes bland.  Sauerkraut was fantastic, with juniper berries in it and some pork belly.  Yum.  Apparently Brauhaus is known for its cabbage dishes.  I concur.
Weinerschnitzel (veal).  Nice crust on the veal, crisp, light.  But smothered with a very heavy mushroom sauce.  I would have liked it to be lighter.  Red cabbage was incredible.  Very sour, very flavorful.  Spaetzle to round it off which was a little gummy.  Perhaps the afternoon chef is not as good as the dinner chef?
Grilled Pork.  Needed more seasoning and was a little dry, but the caramelized onions on top were great.  Potatoes were quite tasty, different from the ones with the sausages.
Dessert:
Black Forest Cake.  This one was very light-bodied, refreshing almost.  But shouldn't black forest cake be heavy?  I didn't mind it, it had kirschwasser in it , yay!  It needed more cherry flavor too.  It reminded me more of a pastry than a cake, but it was pleasant.
This is a nitpicky, detailed rview.  Overall impression however, was that it was better than I expected.  I really liked it, but I think you should be choosy here.  I was intrigued by the dinner menu which is more daring.  I will be back.Today was the second time I was in Brauhaus Schmitz. I came in before noon (Saturday.) They open early on Saturdays because of some sort of soccer telecast (is that word still in use?) 
I came before noon, and had an Aventinus Scheider on tap as an eye opener. I was told by the very pleasant and helpful bartender that they open at 9AM on saturdays because of the soccer games (which I couldn't give two sh**s about)
For lunch I had a plate called Donner Kabob, which is the equivalent of a German Gyro. It is a tender, succulent lamb meat with maybe something else mixed in like beef, I don't remember. It has a creamy garlic sauce and some assorted vegetables like radishes, etc. It's stuffed in a pita kind of thing. Trust me, it works. I practically inhaled it. It was superb, and I raved about it. Unfortunately, they usually just serve it on weekends- particularly Saturdays. 
I had spaetzle with it as a side which was also very good. I was very pleased with my meal and definitely recommend Brauhaus Schmitz. The food there is the most authentic German I'm aware of in Philly. They are the heir to Ludwig's Garten. I will definitely be back.The roast pork sandwiches that Brauhas serves at Oktoberfest and Maifest cannot be beat. And those dinner plate sized gingerbread cookies they serve at Octoberfest are fabulous.This place is the wurst.
Sorry to anybody reading this. 
I had to.This place is great! Food is top notch! I've never even been a fan of German food until I've had their delicious schnitzel topped with Lemon and a fried egg. Oh and not to mention they have homemade pretzels and German potato salad is life! Mayo free goodness! And the spätzle is also a delight! Never had room to try the desserts but I'm sure they're great as well! Also their beer selection is unreal! Servers are very nice and professional which is a breath of fresh air for south street!Excellent apple soda and German cheeseburger. Friendly staff and lively atmosphere.Nice bar reminded me of the bar's you find in Germany so I guess they've done a good job. They a great menu of draft, European beers so don't worry about having a Coors Light with your schnitzel.A much needed fix after returning from Germany. I would give them 5 stars for carrying "Augustiner Brau" alone, but the food I ordered was very tasty and authentic. I can't wait to go back and try the schwinehaxen with my Augustiner Brau!An awesome, german beer hall on south street. You can get beer by the stein, as well as beer in the famous glass "Boot" (which requires a credit card, your license and a $250 deposit due to the level of theft and breakage). The place is huge, making it a great place to go in the winter and be assured of plenty of space. Selection is also a bit deeper and broader than frankford hall. They only serve traditional german food, so unless that's your thing, I probably wouldn't recommend that for dinner.Was here for lunch and wasn't overly impressed but at the same time it was nice. I have to warn that I am not into beer and a person that probably is, would be impressed with the huge selection. 
The place itself is huge! Very authentic german looking. Felt like I was in Germany. Our waitress was very nice and quick. 
Had the sauerkraut croquettes to start with and they were interesting and pretty yummy, with a yummy mustard dipping sauce. I had an open faced pumpernickel bread with ham and emmental sandwich with a fried egg on top. My egg was overly done and no longer runny, which was very disappointing. I am actually not sure if it was supposed to be runny to begin with, I just sort of assumed. I had a side of potato pancake. It was all fresh and delish. 
My husband had the schnitzel of veal and I was disappointed. It was nicely breaded and pretty devoid of flavor. In fact, couldn't tell what kind of meat was inside. Pretty dry. I also thought that it was pretty pricy for $23 at lunch!
My mother in law had a cold brussel sprout salad and she didn't seem too impressed. 
Overall it was a nice lunch, but nothing special at the same time.Wow. It's been too long since I ate real sausage. I've been subsiding  on Morningstars and I forgot what real meat tasted like.
We went here in October and during restaurant week-it was packed at 7 on a Wed. We were seated fairly quickly though.  I enjoyed the potato pancakes and the Bavarian pretzel but the sausages are what really made the visit.  The knackworst and the bratwurst were amazing.  
The only downside-I'm not a beer drinker and the drink menu is obviously very beer-centric but disappointing for us wine and cocktail girls.Have been there a few times. The food is a little pricey for what you order.  Nothing too special about it. Portions are a little small on some entrees, particularly the duck or quail dishes.  Like others have said, the schnitzel is one of the better portioned entrees. it is good, but it is a bit bland. The baked pretzels and gourmet mustard are awesome and a good complement to the imported  beers. 
Great beer variety.  You can drink out of a liter stein, das boot or do shots off of das shot ski.Has a great selection of German beers, and all the food we ordered was excellent. Probably the best German food I've ever had.I was visiting Philly over the Labor Day weekend and had read about this place on some food blog as a spot with a good beer selection and German grub.
I must say, I was not disappointed at all. When you first walk in, the facade definitely makes the restaurant look a lot smaller than it actually is, but there is a giant backroom and bar. In terms of decor, they definitely achieved the German beerhall look.
The beer selection was awesome. This place had an exclusive on 4 German beers, i.e. they are the only place in the U.S. that are currently selling it. I forget the names of the beer, but my friends (who are craft beer lovers) tried 2 of them and enjoyed them a lot. The standard beer pours here are pretty big at 0.5 liters per glass. They also offer "beer boots," which I had always thought was something made up for the movie Beerfest, but apparently it's a real thing. One of the guys in the table of 6 next to us finished a boot and everyone in the place just about went crazy.
The food is also pretty darn good as well. We got the sampler, which came with 1 of every wurst, a pork shank, a potato dumpling and sauerkraut. I felt like a Flintstone eating so much meat. My favorite meats on the platter was probably the weisswurst (sp?) and the pork shank, which was cooked to the texture of crispy pork belly (it had a crispy layer on the outside enveloping the tender, fall-off-the-bone meat on the inside). We also ordered the pretzel, which was very crisp on the outside (in a good way), and the spatzle. By the end of the meal, I felt like my stomach was going to explode from so much food.
Our bill came up to less than $100 (including tax and tip), which was awesome considering our party of 4 had 4 beers and enough food to fill us up like pigs ready for slaughter.
If not for the crappy greeting when we were waiting to be seated and the somewhat unfriendly service, this place would definitely rank 5 stars.After sampling the bratwurst at Christmas Village, I'd been itching to check out the restaurant's full menu. Impressive selection of beers, pleasant service and atmosphere, and most importantly, delicious food.  I ordered the lachs with bratkartoffeln and gurkensalat.  So good!  The cucumber salad is exactly like my mom makes it.  I shared the apfelstrudel with eis with a friend--it was plenty for two.  All in all, a great dining experience.  I look forward to returning and exploring more of the menu.  Prost!We have visited Brauhaus Schmitz twice so far. Already the first time, we weren't too impressed with the food but we decided to come back on account of the great service and the selection of beers.
We started our order with a curry sausage as a starter (although I have never seen a curry sausage as a starter on any German menu before). The sausage was way too crunchy and the sauce was lacking that gentle sweetness and note of curry. We just didn't like it. Besides the French fries were over-fried with some of them actually super dark... How can you put something like this on a plate?
As an entree we had chosen the burger with blue cheese and the hunter's schnitzel sandwich. I had asked for the burger being "medium" but it turned out to be "well done". My potato pancakes were actually overdone with the edges being that burned that I cut them off. The hunter's schnitzel sandwich was with some brown sauce... whatever it was, it was far away from being authentic and also didn't impress in terms of flavor. The bread was just okay, too. 
Do they have good food at all? I really don't know. I have been in many German themed restaurants worldwide (and am German, by the way) and in comparison, Brauhaus Schmitz just doesn't manage to convince me in flavor, authenticity and overall food quality. 
If I give this restaurant two stars it is due to the good to great service we have experienced. At the occasion of our 2nd visit the waitress forgot to bring us a bread basked though. We saw it going to other tables but it never made it to ours... 
The two stars are also because I am truly impressed by the great selection of beers but still... we won't come back again.Myself and a coworker came to Brauhaus for lunch around 1pm on a Tuesday. It was us and one other table when we were seated. We started off with the Sauerkraut Kroketten. I don't really like sauerkraut, but these little fried balls were so good! We also had the sausage platter which had all 6 sausages, and two helpings of two sides. The platter was big enough to feed four people for lunch, the two of us were overwhelmed with food. My favorite sausages were the Bauernwurst and the Speckwurst.  Our sides were the Kartoffelpuffer (potato pancake) and Spätzle (sautéed egg dumplings). All around a great meal! Can only imagine how fun this place is when it's packed!Everything German!  The beer list was a bit intimidating.  But i just told the waiter that i liked hefenweizen and he brought me back the konig ludwig weiss.  I approved, it was light and tasty.  The food menu on the other hand was not friendly for me since i'm not a carnivore.  But i'm okay with that.  I was able to get a taste of their spatzle and wow was it buttery.  I felt like i was eating straight up butter.  The potato pancake was mediocre nothing special.  I wish i got the pretzel instead.  It's probably more fun to come here during octoberfest season.This place feels a bit corporate and can get pretty crowded, but it's beer hall style is fun, and the German theme is somewhat unique for philly. Nothing too special, but a decent place to meet up with friends.It has been a long time since I have seen a beer list as extensive as Brauhaus.  The staff is very attentive and answered all of our questions.  We went with the sausage sample platter and potato pancakes and cucumber and dill salad. The food was excellent and we plan on returning soon.  The only ding that withholds a 5th star is the noise level.  We were there on a Saturday afternoon and seating was at 50%.  If the place is packed, I would expect holding a conversation will be very difficult.Honestly, this meal could be described as mediocre at best, which is really sad considering I've wanted to come here for yearssss due to all the great reviews. I've been to Germany and have experienced authentic German food here in the states as well (Waldhorn Restaurant in Charlotte waddup!) and this was just a very, very poor experience. I started out with a .5L Schneider Weisse Aventinus which was tasty, then I tried their foie gras liverwurst (stopfleberwurst). I wasn't blown away, but it was by no means bad. I really liked the toasted brown bread it came with; the blueberry compote was meh though. Onto the entrees, which took FOREVER to get to our table might I add, they were beyond disappointing. My friend ordered the wurst plate (weisswurst & bauernwurst) with a house salad & kartoffelknödel (potato dumpling). Sadly, her favorite item on the plate was her salad, which I think speaks for itself. The weisswurst, which has been noted on the menu that it's not made in house, tasted like straight up water, which I think speaks volumes considering water doesn't have a flavor    -___- It honestly tasted like it was boiled so long that any flavor the sausage potentially had was gone. The bauernwurst on the other hand was better. It didn't blow me away, and seemed a tad bit salty, but she said she liked it and ultimately took it home. Now for my dish, I ordered the holsteiner art veal schnitzel which is topped with anchovies, capers & a fried egg. Something told me to stick with the original, but the waitress said she loved it cuz of the runny egg and I'm a sucker for runny yolks! Let me tell you now.... don't get it. A) The cut seemed a bit thicker than typical and B) I ultimately took all of the toppings off (and ultimately just requested lemon still). The anchovies were CRAZY salty, which I can only assume rubbed off on the egg making it unpalatable too. Capers themselves are fairly tart & salty so it was just salt on salt on salt. I ordered the kartoffelpuffer (potato pancake) & kartoffelsalat (potato salad) upon the waitress' recommendation (I should add she literally *raved* about all the sides making the decision difficult). This is where things went entirely downhill. I love German potato salad and this was just... no. It tasted like potatoes boiled in straight up vinegar; there was nothing spectacular/seasoned about it at all. As for the potato pancake, which she said was their best (and most popular) side, it was honestly inedible. I don't know who the chef(s) was last night, but they were extremely heavy-handed with the salt. I didn't want to think I was crazy though so I let my friend taste some. She literally took a bite, started chewing, shook her head in agreement, proceeded to keep chewing, then stated she couldn't do it and spit it out into a napkin. The entire meal was a heart attack waiting to happen. I told the waitress about the potato pancake (because who wants to be *that* customer that complains about legit everything despite it being warranted) to which she stated someone had said the same thing earlier and offered a different side as a replacement, which was nice, but I honestly didn't really want anything. Although I was already turned off from the entire experience, I ordered the potato dumpling in its place; it wasn't bad or anything, but it wasn't stellar either. It just tasted like soggy dense bread that was sitting in butter, if that makes sense. Butter always tastes good, but that was where my being "impressed" ended. 
Outside of the food, as I mentioned, the beer was great. They have an awesome list. The service wasn't too bad, although towards the end of the meal, our waitress was a bit MIA. It seemed like once I'd mentioned the salty food, she kept her distance and didn't come over unless I called her over. That's unacceptable considering the restaurant was basically empty too, on a Wednesday night. By the time we received our appetizers, we were one of 3 tables. 
TL;DR: Great beer and beer list. Pass on the food though... seriously; it's a waste of money. (I enjoyed the food at Brü Craft & Wurst more and they didn't even impress me that much then. Just stick to Frankford Hall, I guess.) For such a high price point, the food is not worth it. Also, they play the radio or something, which was nice, but took away from the German atmosphere. I love John Legend as much as anyone else, but that's sad if it was my favorite part of the experience.the ambiance here is great, warmly lit with high ceilings. We started with a soft pretzel, presumably because it a house specialty and it was very good, but it's just a big pretzel. I ordered a jagerschnitzel with a side of gurkensalat and Kartoffelknodel. My girlfriend ordered the Rouladen with sides of Gemuse der Saison and salat. The food was outstanding and I'm definitely looking forward to going back and sampling more from the menu.Very aythentic german beer hall. I have been here about 20 times food is excellent, beer list is awesome. Knowledgeable bartenders and friendly servers. Hoghly recommendedI've been to Brauhaus twice in the last two weeks with friends from out of the area. Both were excellent experiences, as they always are. There's a reason why we keep coming back - actually, many reasons - the beer selection, the friendly staff, and the amazing food.  The only thing I wish is that Jaeger Schnitzel would still be on the menu since that was my go-to, however the sausages and other Schnitzel that I've gotten lately have been amazing too.  Brauhaus will probably stay in our regular  rotation indefinitely.I went to this place on a sunday to just have a drink and the beer was really nice. I wasnt familiar with the brands but we got some recommendations and they were spot on. It was pretty crowded for a FIFA match but there was enough space to move. There's a seating room in the back with more tables and another bar.I love how cheesy this place is. The huge beers, the waitstaff in the Oktoberfest costumes....it's fantastic! They have a fantastic selection of German beers on tap, and an extensive menu of beers from all over the world. The tap selection rotates but you can pretty much count on there being a few lagers, wheat beers and some seasonal treats.
I am a big fan of the goulash over spatzle...I'm eastern european so that is my ultimate comfort food. The boyfriend got the Schnitzel Holsteiner Art, which I found to be a bit dry, but he was using the mustard from the pretzel as a dipping sauce, which seemed to keep him happy. I always have the intention of trying the dessert there, but am too stuffed after my entree.
This is also a great place to watch soccer games, it gets pretty rowdy.Went during Restaurant Week. Glad I went then because I don't think I'll be back.  Server, Bill, was not great and it wasn't crowded.  I'm not super familiar with German food but nothing was hot; not sure if that is how it's supposed to be prepared or not but I like hot food so it was a turn off. 
Had bierkasesuppe- beer/cheese soup.  Again- less than room temperature and had a strong rye taste to it. 
Tried the laugenstangen(soft pretzel sticks)- good but is Philly, soft pretzels better be good!  Also tried kartoffelpuffer-potato panties with sour cream and apple sauce. Pretty good but again only warm. 
3rd course- zwiebelbraten/braised brisket with spätzle. This would have been great if it was hot. Wasn't though- room temp at best.  But had a good flavor, brisket was flavorful and tender and spätzle was delish.  
Dessert- apfelstrudel-Apple strudel.  Gross.  Vanilla ice cream was good but the flaky pastry was impossible to eat and the apples were so cold that they congealed. No meal should ever congeal. 
Was so unimpressed with all of it that I didn't taste any of my friends choices but they all had the same issue with cold food. Again, if German food should be served cold, this could be the place for you.  
Oh and our waiter was so uninterested in our table that we had to ask 3 times for drinks- in a German beer garden- and he spoke to our table so quickly and left it so quickly that it was impossible to ask about food temp, get proper utensils etc.  
wouldn't go back or recommendWe love German food and had high hopes for this place based on other review but the food wasn't the level of traditional German goodness we had hoped for. However the overall experience was good. Parking on south street is frustrating but we managed to find a spot. We made a reservation through open table for 5:30 on Friday and were promptly seated. Service was attentive, the waitress was friendly and helpful, the atmosphere was pleasant, and the beer list was extensive. We started with a cheese spread which was frankly terrible, and an assorted smoked/pickled fish plate- which was good. My husband got goulash and was disappointed. I got the maltachen which were pretty good. My husband got veal schnitzel which was not good. I guess since we live in good pa 'deutch' country that we wouldn't find comparable food in the city.I know it's a cliche, but I'm going to start my review by saying I have no idea why it took me this long to get to Brauhaus Schmitz for the first time. A friend of mine was running a quizo for charity there, so it was the perfect opportunity. It's impressive how much space they have inside, the small storefront belies a large bar, balcony seating, and a cavernous back room with its own bar. The decor is a good modern twist on beer garden kitsch, and the giant backlit placard with the Reinheitsgebot is a beautiful touch.
The beer menu is impressive, but there was a clear choice on this night, the Andechser Doppelbock was on tap, and was as good as advertised. I soaked it up with a perfect pretzel, and some surprisingly good pickled sausage. To finish with another cliche, now that I've finally been there, I can't wait to go back.Little bit pricey, but has an excellent beer choice.  Bartender is really great in recommending beer for your taste.  Might be dissapointed for side dishes, but beer makes up for it.Seeking pork and sauerkraut to bring in the new year, we headed Brauhaus Schmitz and made our way past groups of Mummer revelers to the back room. I got the Bratwurst (very tasty, but fatty). the Kartoffelpuffe with apple sauce subbed in for sour cream (the potato pancake was good, but the apple sauce is WAY too sweet), Kartoffelsalat (really delicious potato salad), and of course Sauerkraut. A great way to bring in the new year with a traditional meal!First, let me say the food was good.  We've had better in Plano, TX at the Bavarian Grill, but this was the best German food we've had in Philly.  My husband and I shared the Wurst Brett, where we got 6 sausages and our choice of 2 large sides.  We opted for the sauerkraut and the asparagus.  Both sides were excellent choices.  Neither of us liked the weisswurst (the only white sausage on the board and the only one that was not made in-house), but we enjoyed the other sausages. Six sausages are a lot for 2 people, and we could not finish; we also left some sauerkraut on the board, so we asked for a to-go box.  We waited about 10 minutes for the box, then we asked another waiter to get us the box.  A few minutes later our waiter came back with our box and said, "I don't know if you saw me drop your food.  I brought you new sausages." In fact he brought our food (we knew because of how they were cut).  He had tossed the sauerkraut.  A waitress came by, and we asked for the check and inquired about the sauerkraut.  She said she would ask the kitchen about the kraut.  A few minutes later our waiter came back with the check and a carton of kraut.  
We shared the cheese plate as an appetizer.  OMG.  It was awesome!  You get 4 cheeses (small pieces) plus 3 spreads, a pile of cornishon pickles, and some pickled white radishes.  There are 2 kinds of bread that accompany the plate.  We highly recommend this appetizer.
We also had an issue with the beer.  The waiter asked what kind we liked.  I said a porter, and he recommended a nice dark beer.  My husband asked about wheat beer.  The waiter said they had Paulaner, and my husband said he knew that beer and was trying to branch out.  He asked about a wheat beer in the featured beer section, and the waiter's reply was, "A lot of people drink it."  Come on.  For a beer and brat place all of the waiters need to know a lot about the beers on tap.  He knew next to nothing. If he could not answer our questions he should have asked the bartender for help.
Our overall rating: food is good, service is poor.This is the best German food I have had since I left Germany! The kasewurst was so good and the jagerschnitzel was awesome! The spaetzle and pommes were good too! I can't wait to come back....Brauhaus Schmitz is a charming, warm, slightly upscale pub in the heart of an otherwise touristy/trashy South St. district. Its a great place to day drink, hang out, have lunch, and chat with locals. 
My friend and I happened to walk in for lunch at the same time as a VERY large party with a reservation so we were given the choice of sitting at the bar, or upstairs, but if we sat upstairs "we'd probably have to wait a while for service cause it would take our server a long time to get up there"....um.....OK.
Naturally we sat at the bar benches which were pretty uncomfortable. Our waiter was very charming, even if he did for get our order. We mused over the numerous sausage offerings and sides and the crazy list of beer!
We both ordered winter themed brews with some sausages and sides. The saurkraut was maybe the best I've ever had. The latke, not so much, but I am picky about latkes, and this one was SMOTHERED in sour cream which was a little much. 
My friend got the potato salad which was KILLER. We were both pleased with our selection of sausages with homemade mustard (we both got the knockwurst and bratwurst). 
I would definitely come back, just would probably opt for a bar stool rather than the bar bench. Plus I really want to try the pretzels, they looked great!VERY crowded. and loud. and hot (not in a good way).
the hostess put our name on the list... and successfully forgot that we exist. (that's why we didn't eat there... so no 2 cents about their food)
fair selection of beers, but NOTHING special.
the bartender tried to charge us for beers that we didn't order. 
not sure if I will go back there. not my cup of tea. 
PS: and, please, save those costumes for Halloween... seriously!This is a review for a Friday night. Maybe the weekdays are better...but I doubt it.  Let me preface this by saying that I have been working in the restaurant biz for 15years in Philly.  High volume, corner bars and fine dining you name it, I have worked there.  
  I met up with six friends on a Friday for my friends 31st birthday.  Brauhaus was busy, I expected as much.  We wanted to sit down and have dinner before we continued on with our bar crawl, but could not be accommodated, which was fine.  So we crowded around a tiny high top.  I ordered the parsnip soup, which was bland and tasted like hot heavy cream.  Also it took 30min to get to me, after I had to remind them of the order by tracking down a group of servers standing around the computer stations.  I would love to have told someone how much I didn't enjoy the soup, but not once was I asked. So fuck it. We also ordered a  charcuterie and cheese board.  Only the meat was explained.  Luckily I was able to explain most of the cheese to the table. The charcuterie was delicious as was the cheese. 
    We had been at the restaurant for two hours while at least two tables sat empty.  That was when someone from our party went up to the hostess to inquire if we could have one of the empty tables.  She explained to him that there were reservations coming in soon and an average party of seven takes 2 1/2 hours to eat dinner.   If that's your turnover rate for a Friday night, you must be bleeding money, and your servers aren't doing their job! 
  Luckily the high top next to us finished and paid. But when I asked a server if I could pull the high top over to accommodate our party, she quickly told me that the three top two tables over was still using it and rushed off.  They weren't.  I feel bad for the establishment.  They definitely missed out on at least a $300 tab that would have been in and out in under an hour.  I left to go to work hungry and the rest of the party moved on to tatood moms where I'm sure they had a blast.It's awesome!! Very German! The best croquette ever. Best beer, environment cool. So, it's really good!!I've eaten here twice now, once at the bar, once at a table in the bar area. Both times I had the schweinshaxe which is a dish i had been looking for ever since having it in Munich 15+ years ago. It is excellent. The service I had sitting at the bar was great. The bartender was engaging and she was quite pleasant. The schweinshaxe was beautifully crispy, yet tender inside - just as I remembered it. The second time i went in i sat at a table, unfortunately close to a woman who just kept complaining about everything. Not the place's fault, but it was over the top. Any time she had a chance she leaned over and bitched about something to me. Whatever lady, I'm trying to enjoy my freakin' schweinshaxe here, OK? Then I heard her bitch to the TERRIBLY overworked waitress and the waitress gave her some sh*t right back, which she fully deserved. They could have used another waitress in the place, that is for sure. But it doesn't help to bitch at a person who is so obviously overworked and hustling as best she can. Anyhow, not sure why I feel compelled to write that up here, but if some lady posts a review about not having salt and pepper, and not having enough gravy, and then complains about having to pay for more gravy - well, take it with a grain of salt. ;-)Welcome to one of the finest entries in the South Street restaurant district, the unique, intense German schnitzel house, Brahaus Schmitz. 
When you think of an authentic German eatery, I can't imagine that anywhere on this side of the Atlantic comes closer to that image than Brauhaus. The ambiance alone- large, dark wooden hickory pillars and open floor plan with a promenade- create a European, family-style restaurant. It simply oozes antiquity. 
Of course, there is so much more to Brauhaus than its fine facade. Noted by everyone is the extensive, outrageous beer selection. Poured a liter at a time, the house brew is tasty, lite and tart. If that doesn't do it for you, there is literally two pages devoted to other obscure options. 
The food is outstanding. The only appetizer we ordered was the Laugenbrezel, which is fancy talk for "pretzel." Being a Philadelphian, I know a good pretzel when I taste it. THIS was a damn good pretzel. Crispy and brown on the outside, it was soft and chewy inside. The crust crackled with the salt when bitten, and only got better from there. 
As for entrees, I had the JagerSchnitzel with potato and cucumber salads. Pounded thin and fried to a light golden delight, it was topped with a saucy combination of wine, mushrooms and bacon. Simply DELICIOUS! I had never had such a dish. 
My dining partners had equally impressive dishes. The house  Wurstplatte looked like no other meal I had ever seen. Two gigantic pieces of Bratwurst serves upon a thick cutting board. WOW. Juicy, salty, even a hair sweet, this was how Brat is supposed to be done. Impressed I am. 
The Brahaus Schmitz is a perfect place to go with a few friends, have a huge meal, and just drink the nite away.BE ADVISED. The menu Yelp is listing is a year old. I came in for perogies. They don't have them. The bartender was very nice. But, he did say they hate Yelp. Now I know why.wow. had an epic night here. got a group of 14 together for a 30th bday and couldn't have asked 4 a better time!!! the food was fantastic!! (try the potato pancakes, the schnitzel, the sausages, the cheese plates, the pretzels!!!!) the beer kept flowing all night, and what a selection!!! yum. we played a game with the boot where we passed it around and the whoever finished it, the person who passed it to them had to buy the next boot!!! we were all yelling and cheering as the boot got passed, and we never felt out of line at a restaurant. it just felt German. Everything about this place felt so authentic. the servers were amazing. very attentive and knowledgeable. cant wait to go back!!!I am a huge fan of German Food. I stumbled upon this place 4 years ago after the Philadelphia Marathon, and it has become my designated spot after my races since then. Today I ordered the brussels spouts salad with pine nuts --the greens were extremely fresh and the roasted brussels spouts with pine nuts gave the dish smoky favors that I fell in love immediately. I also ordered the pork schnitzel sandwich with a pickle and spatzel on the side, it did not disappoint. The schnitzel was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside, it was great! Though, the spatzel should be a little bit more creamy but it was okay.
Did I forget to tell you about the beer menu? It was huge! I started with a doppelbock and then a hefeweizen and then a pilsner, the doppelbock is a must try! You come in for beer and you won't be disappointed.
I also noticed that they have a new back room with a second bar as well as extra restrooms. Service is always great here :) Philly has a lot of great foods but I will come here every time I visit (whether I run or not!)Food: 9.  I've been to Germany. The Weiwurst was wunderbar.  The bratwurst was too good for words-- we ordered multiple rounds as the night went on. My husband got the weiner schnitzel and enjoyed it with extra lemon.   
Beer: 10.  20 beers on tap?  Yes please. I drank my share of the fraskeiner (sp?) hefeweizen. I like the liter mugs, but not the beer served in them. Tried the dunkel, good... Not thick.I lifted the rotkraut and spatzel to my lips and instantly I was transported to Germany!  The food was wonderfully authentic!  The beer was darn good.  
The servers wore dirndls but didn't speak any German-- schade.  
SInce Ludwig's went away I've been looking for a replacement.  I'd say the food is better here than Ludwig's and it's much cleaner looking-- but I miss the crumbling ambiance of Ludwig's.  This isn't a place where I will go often but I will go when I need my German food fix.Really did not like this place. 
It was entirely too crowded and the air conditioning was not working properly (it was actually nicer outside in the August heat!!).
They do have a good selection of German beer, but I don't think I saw much of anything else...This is a great authentic German restaurant on South. Large open dining room and bar which is great for watching international soccer matches. The beer list is large and features a lot of hard to find German beers. Sausages are great-try the ungarischwurst it is awesome. The spaetzle is good and the burger is solid. I also love their German potato salad. I have been to Germany several times and this place is the real deal.