Since we live just around the corner, my husband and I were pretty excited to see the Broad Street Diner re-open. From the outside it looks great....and the inside even matches the nice outside...but thats where all the goodness ends. All we wanted was a simple and yummy breakfast. We werent expecting  anything gourmet our upscale....just a good old "diner breakfast". I ordered the 2 pancakes and scrambled eggs. Simple, right? One would think.......except my eggs were runny and not cooked all the way....and the pancakes were the same way.....the middle was raw and full of uncooked batter. Needless to say....I didnt eat my breakfast.....and left completely dissatisfied. Something as simple as scrambled eggs and pancakes and they cant get it right? Sorry....but this will be my last trip to the Broad Street Diner.This place is literally the best. Not fancy, but the perfect diner food. AND CHEAP! 
Reminded me of when was younger, living in the 'burbs. Delicious cheap diner food after a night out. Yes please.Since my first visit, I decided to give the Broad Street Diner a second chance.  Each time I've visited since, the service was solid.  
It's definitely standard diner food, though a better than expected Greek salad.Okay, now that I've been here a few times I can actually give a review.
When you go to a diner you expect mediocre food. The way to describe Broad Street diner is: it is the mediocre diners of mediocre diners.
Normally, when I go to diners, I have my staple items I order - western omelet, mozzarella sticks, french onion soup (yes I've seen the hidden camera Maury shows, and I really don't care. Yeh nasty. I don't care). Out of these three items i feel all diners should have right, the broad street diner only gets the French onion soup right.
I've order Mo-Sticks 3 times, and they have always come out under cook, cheese half melted - any they aren't your normal sticks, they are larger and less breaded.
The omelets are weird. I am not sure why. It just feels like I'm not eating real eggs. Maybe the place is too new and there is not enough grease on the grills. the eggs are rubbery - almost like it was microwaved, if that is possible.
Actually now that I bring up microwaves, I did have french toast and pancakes there on separate occasions and both tasted like boxed microwaved pancake/french toast.
Okay so from my review, you can gather I have gone here a lot. I live almost next door - literally takes me 45 seconds to walk there. I'll probably go back, not because I like it - because it's convenient. One can have only so much Jarocho (13th and ellsworth - best spicy shrimp burritos ever) 'nough said.I love to try new neighbor places and so when the Broad Street Diner reopened I suggested to my husband we should check it out.  A good diner is a wonderful thing.  He is a good guy and likes to indulge me so off we went to breakfast on a weekday morning.  Needless to say this was one day I wish he had not been so kind.  The place has been redone nicely and the servers were lovely and that is about all the good I can say about this place.  As soon as the breakfast arrived I knew it was owned by the same group that took over the Melrose Diner.  (I confirmed my assumption with the waitress)  They served me the same sad, tasteless breakfast I had the last time I ate at the Melrose.  I read several reviews looking for good hangover food, personally I will have to be totally hammered the next time I go back to the Broad Street DinerCame here after a night out in the city. We arrived around 12 am and the place was semi packed. I order the blueberry pancakes with scrambled eggs, bacon, and sausage. The food was delicious and the portion size was good ! 
Their prices are very affordable. The staff and service was good . Out waitress was attentive and nice . There is very limited parking in their lot. Overall I enjoy my meal and will be coming back !I have been here three times and each time the food was perfectly satisfactory. Service warm and the surroundings very festive. Parking lot a bit small. More conveniently located than the comparable (and also very good) Oregon Diner.This diner is pretty "okay". I was delighted by the brightness and cleanliness of it after the remodeling - but it still has the old charm on the outside! 
There is a very large selection on the menu... whether you're in the mood for breakfast, a salad, sandwich, or a full-on dinner entree, they've got you covered. I had a spinach and chicken salad, which was decent and filling. It was just the healthy option that I wanted, too. 
The service staff seemed to be pretty bored, as there was practically nobody in the restaurant besides my table. The nice, elderly waitress ended up chatting our ear off for about 10 minutes, but we didn't mind.
Maybe I should try this place again for a Sunday morning brunch sometime.I wanted to check out this place since it just got renovated. I thought it'd be a promising diner considering it just got revamped. I walked in and was seated immediately. However, it took longer than expected to get the menu. It was odd considering it was not crowded. Again, we played the waiting game to even get water. Our waitress finally made her way to our table to take our drink order. She was an older caucasian female. Once she got back to the kitchen to grab our drinks, I heard her joke about the way I pronounced water instead of "wooder" (not once but a few times). That was simply rude. It was definitely a queue that I had to make a fast exit out of this joke of a diner. Nothing will ever make me give this place a second chance. I feel bad for where it's headed. Revamping the interior and exterior of the diner is wasteful if the service is poor.I really wanted to like the Broad Street Diner. The mediocre food, horrible service and "average" prices tell me that this place will not be around for long.
The meal was horrible from start to finish. We ordered two Rubens- one with dressing on the side and a gyro. Chicken fingers as an appetizer. 
The ruben and gyro came out. The gyro meat was processed-- processed with fillers, frozen and packaged. Definitely not what anyone expected. I was told the chef put the dressing on mine so it would be right out. A full five minutes later, it came out. After asking twice, a full ten minutes after that, our chicken fingers arrived. We had a to go order to take home for my grandfather. Getting that and the check was like pulling teeth. We were there for a very long time. 
I really think the waitress was brand new, so the service part didn't bother me SOOO much. If the food could have stood up to the small hiccups, everything would have been fine. The food itself was blah.The food here was horrible. I had the breakfast combo. My bacon was not crispy but burn. The sausage look and taste like they microwave it. Pancake taste like wet paper. The only thing they did right was Sunny Eggs but anybody can do it. I know it's only diner food but out of desperation for places is open after 24/hour. I might as well cook my own breakfast...The food was excellent, but our server Jeffrey wasn't. He kept forgetting and submitting the wrong orders. I specifically asked for mozzarella cheese on my scrambled eggs, they put American cheese on it. My friend ordered chocolate chip pancakes, and didn't get her syrup. When asked about said syrup. He said " I didn't bring the syrup because he knew my friend wouldn't like the syrup taste with the chocolate chip pancakes. He basically debated with us in what my friend would or wouldn't like taste wise .  I ordered Mozzarella sticks,  and the "marinara" sauce was watered down pasta sauce.Unless it a classic staple like Little Pete's or a redefined gastropub like Silk City, I don't really see the need to nitpick my meal at a diner.  It's pretty much standard everywhere you go.
Given that I've been to this diner a couple times to either soak up alcohol late at night or power through my hangovers late in the afternoon, I figured I might as well throw a helpful review its way.
When in doubt, while staring at the seemingly endless pages of menu, remember that you can't go wrong with breakfast- no matter what time of day.  The bacon's always crispy and the scrapple is always wonderful.  I've never been blown away...it's breakfast...but I've never had an undercooked egg or floppy piece of toast.  Generally, it's pretty good.
For dinner, I try to steer clear of entrees other than a sandwich or a burger.  The cheesesteak wrap is pretty good.  The buffalo chicken one was soggy.  The bacon cheeseburger was delicious, as were the gravy cheese fries, but the bun was like the kind you get in packs of 8 for barbecues....very frail by the time I was done with it.
The milkshakes are tasty, though I wouldn't recommend mixing them on a stomach full of alcohol.  I have yet to converse over a slice of pie and a cup of coffee, but I'll have to try sometime.
The staff every time I've been here has been extremely accommodating and friendly.  Be patient with them during the peak midnight to 4 am shift...they're dealing with a lot of drunken idiots.The Broad Street Diner is your typical American diner.  The food is average, but they are open 24-hours, which is very convenient.  I've ordered the Chopped Sirloin Steak w/ Mushroom Gravy, as well as their Two-Egg Breakfast w/ Sausage & Rye Bread.  The prices are on the higher side, but the portions are decent.  Overall, if it's late and you need a quick bite to eat, the Broad Street Diner is your place.Average diner fare, very friendly and quick service.
Came here for breakfast and found the menu to be affordable and extensive. The food, however, is nothing to write home about. The eggs were cooked as requested, but were bland. The chipped beef was decent, but lacked flavor. Hash browns were crunchy, but not very seasoned. 
If you're hungry and in the neighborhood, this diner is a nice option for a quick bite. They also have a tiny parking lot, FYI.This was my first time back to the Broad Street Diner in two years. I was actually a bit stunned when I first walked through the doors because I had remembered the space being so much more magical and full of light. Maybe it was the fact that at the time it was past midnight and my partner revered it for being one of the only diners in Philly open that late.
Fast forward to five years later when I brought my Dad there on one random day when we had nothing better to do than sit at a diner and put off the dramas and crises that regularly haunted our daily days. Long story short I got a mushroom omelet (just get the omelet right?) and he a ham and cheese melt with cream of chicken soup.
Honestly, not a fan of any of our menu items. The ham and cheese sandwich appeared to be made with sub standard deli meat and it was almost greenish in color. The soup was actually really thick and had a consistency more of soggy grits than any sort of soup I would like. 
The omelet was a disaster. Super weird. Seriously overdone and fishy. The hash browns that came with it even worse and were like a huge soggy mash. 
Our server was very nice and it was a mellow Sunday afternoon but I'm sorry Broad Street Diner, that was one of the worst meals I've ever had.The only reason I gave Broad Street Diner a 2 is because the food is always good. Can't say the same for customer service however. We decided to take my son out for a 2nd birthday breakfast and chose Broad Street because last time we were there the service was great. We had the same waitress this time, but the service was very different. When we first walked in, they didn't offer us a booster seat so my husband had to go back and get one. No crayons either. They always give us crayons and coloring page for him. I might be being a little critical with the no crayons, but wait there's more. While eating our breakfast one of their regulars came in and sat at a table across from ours. There were other patrons sitting at nearby tables as well. We all watched as our waitress and another waitress sat together and talked to this man over the course of 30 minutes! Our waitress barely looked at us. It's not just that they were talking. They were cursing and discussing medical procedures they had had done and infections. Just what I want with my breakfast, a side of infection discussion. Disgusting and very inappropriate for a restaurant. I'm so disappointed that this was the place we took our son for his birthday breakfast. At least the food was good, even though the waitresses caused me to lose my appetite.For some reason I thought it would be ok to return to this place big mistake, the service was far from friendly and the food hmmmm not to be desired. I tend to keep it basic at diner eggs over medium toast and turkey sausage, simple right?Can't complain. Simple diner, service is somewhat fast and they have a parking lot. No wifi tho. Is there a diner in the city that has wifi?This place is nasty.  I ate here with some friends at a table near where the waitresses hung out to do prep work.  All 6 of the dishes we ordered were bland and not fresh.  The sandwiches were dry, and so was the waitresses attitude.  The worst part was when the waitresses were wrapping silverware in napkins and talking loudly about their personal matters.  One of them dropped a fork and then picked it up to continue wrapping it up without hesitation.  They even had a child helping them who was walking around with the cutlery before bundling it.The food was great, and I don't mean great for diner food, I mean actually great! They have a huge (overwhelming) selection of food! Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. My only complaint was that other wait staff were congregating near our table and complaining about work/other coworkers etc. which isn't something I typically enjoy during my meal.Food is all freshly made. This is one of the cleanest diners I have ever been in. Plus the waitstaff is very friendly and attentive. Also very accommodating to vegetarians and people who do not eat pork. ALSO 24hrs!! So great!!Had breakfast for dinner here tonight and it was as perfect as it could be. The hash browns were the real shredded type, pancakes were done to perfection. Service was attentive and parking is plentiful in lot in front of diner as well as on Broad St. They are owned by the same owners as the Melrose Diner. Enjoy!I'd like to preface this by stating that I eat at diners all over the city on almost a daily basis. I love diners, I love diner food, I am by no means a difficult customer to please. 
My experience at the Broad Street Diner was TERRIBLE. I wish I could give 0 stars, and take away stars that  other people gave. 
Service was at a snails pace for a small simple order, in a virtually empty diner. I ordered a chicken parm sandwich, and amazingly, one side of the roll was burned while another side was soggy. Inedible. 
When I expressed this to the waiter he provided a new roll that was hard as a rock. Still inedible. 
When I explained this to the manager, I believe his name was Rick, he made no effort to compensate or resolve the issue. His tone and demeanor was condescending and rude. I have never in my life been so displeased and aggravated by a meal in my life. I will no longer eat at Broad Street Diner or Melrose or whatever other dumps are owned by these people. Horrific. Worst experience at a diner of my life. Without a doubt.I was very excited to see how they turned around a diner that was in need of some changes. Unfortunately it has changed in the wrong way. I ordered a grilled cheese with tomato figuring it's a diner staple and is something they can't mess up. After two waitresses taking my order and neither one figuring that it would make sense to move the silver wear tray out of my way, my awful food arrived. There were 10 lukewarm fries (yes I counted with both hands) on my plate next to a grilled cheese that had a soggy cooked tomato inside of it. Worst grilled cheese I've ever had, if I wasn't hungry and on my lunch break from work, I would have gladly sent the food back and left immediately. 
I was hoping to make this a usual stop but will make sure to skip it in the future.The absolute worst service in Philadelphia. Apparently this is where the city's worst waitresses go when no one else will hire them. The food is what you'd expect for a 24 hour diner on Broad Street, no big surprise there. If you're coming off a binge drinking session at 3 a.m., use google and find someplace else. Even if that place is this diner's sister diner, where you get the same basic menu, but at least the wait staff isn't right out of a bad sitcomPros: The waitress was really nice. Pancakes and hash-browns were    good. Clean. 
Cons: per-packaged syrup (yuk). Homemade (sarcasm) butter (yukX2). Longer than average wait time for food.bad food (my hash browns seems to barely have been cooked), bad service, bad attitude. I have tried this place a few times now, and I am done with it. Its a shame, that is a great location.My friends and I went to the Broad Street Diner at 3:00 am on Sunday morning after a night out at Tattooed Mom's on South Street. The place was hopping of course and our waitress was super friendly, upbeat and attentive. French onion soup (although it was topped with caraway seeds-odd), grilled cheese, onion rings, and the cheese burger were all pretty damn good. The crinkle-cut fries could have been fried a little longer (I like mine crispy) and the buffalo wings were just okay, but all in all, I'm glad to see this place re-open as my best friend lives about 3 blocks from it. Yay! :)
The diner itself is very welcoming, clean and safe and even has a small parking lot out front.Broad Street Diner is  a no-frills sort of place, and it's a gem when you're looking for a traditional breakfast of eggs, meat, potatoes, and toast. The best part is it's pretty quiet in the standard weekend brunch hours. Since the diner is open 24/7, it seems they have larger crowds post-bar time. 
For a group of 7, around 11am on a Sunday, we were seated immediately. Our server was attentive and kind, and the kitchen was quick. The price is right. For our entire group to have generously portioned breakfast, our total was under $70 which is quite a steal.
Next time, I hope to try something a little more adventurous so I can get a better feel for the kitchen team's ability. They definitely know how to cook a good, standard breakfast; however, and that's what will keep me coming back!This is your 100% average Philly diner. I'd give it an extra half point if I could for being up all night, and the location near Boot & Saddle.
The staff are nice but might take a little while to take your order. That's fine, because if they're not filled your food comes out super quick. I'd stay away from the mozzarella sticks but the fries are pretty solid. The rest of the entrees are exactly what you'd expect from diner food.This place was packed for Sunday morning breakfast (as we're all diners in Philly). Good sign I'd say. Had good service from the waitress. She was very nice. And the food was good.My husband and I have long awaited the new Broad Street Diner and were planning on making it a weekly habit. Unfortunately, the new Broad Street Diner is only slightly better than the old one, which is really not saying much. 
The service was terrible. We waited for ten minutes only to be ignored by at least a half dozen servers. The group of old school South Philly gentleman who came in several minutes after us were served before us and given the red carpet treatment while we were ignored. Our food took a really long time to come out. Then we were overcharged by the server who charged us for two separate breakfasts instead of the combo we had asked for. 
Our food was decent but definitely not worth the price or the terrible service. For a steep $27 for two breakfasts, you can go to any number of good local pubs like the Pope, South Philly Tap Room or the Royal for a breakfast that blows this out of the water. 
The new Broad Street Diner is especially disappointing because we have frequented many of the other diners in the suburbs that are owned by the same company. They have always had decent food and good service. I guess the curse of the crappy diner at Broad and Ellsworth continues...Service gets a 4 stars, server was very friendly and knowledgable and even tried to save us money by having us order our large and confusing breakfast order in a different sorta way..... (like "get the extra side of eggs with the pancake order, it'll be cheaper that way") Food was good, not fantastic... but def a decent diner. Went here after a night out with outoftowners, and they also enjoyed it.It's only a diner if they call you "hun" or "babe"...and they do here. And it always makes me blush like, "Awww shucks." I love it. And I know they do it to everyone (I have a feeling if I was a dude I would fall for the sweet stripper routine too...I'm an idiot. lol).
Other than friendly and courteous service, the food is solid. It's diner food. You're not getting a 5-star meal but you're filling your belly with breakfast combos that somehow manage to come with eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, tons of toast, and a thimble of orange juice for $6. So you'll be full, content and not broke. On top of that- it's actually clean (unlike some other local diners). 
They're open 24 hours, but I've never been late night. I'm sure it's quite the crowd.The food was good, our waitress was kind and fast, and the atmosphere was very relaxing. I started with a bowl of beef barley. It was quite salty and lacked beef, but it was still okay. After 
I had a spanish wrap w/ fries and a coke. The food came out piping hot, which was great. The wrap was quite flavorful as it was filled with perfectly grilled and seasoned chicken, diced tomatoes and onions, mushrooms, and cheddar cheese. The whole thing was also toasted (or panini pressed), which made it 10x better. The fries were hot and a little bland, some salt and pepper fixed that though. I have been coming here for a few years now and I definitely plan on returning in the future.Best diner in Philly!
Not only does this diner have great food and service, it's also open 24 hours. I discovered this spot when I lived down the street in Point Breeze, and still return after having moved across the city. 
If you're a mozzarella stick fan, this place is a must go. After trying a large portion of the menu at various times of the day and night, we would highly recommend the Broad Street Diner.It's nice that there are still a few all night places open in the city, especially now that Little Pete's is closing :(
There's not a whole lot of vegan options on the late night menu, but that's about on par with other diners in the city (Midtown, South Street.)
As far as diners go Broad Street is about as standard as I can imagine, which is a good thing if that's what you're looking for. i.e. no surprises a la Continental or Silk City.Late Dinner - Philadelphia
Ordered the classic Hot turkey open face sandwich. Turkey was so salty that is was nearly inedible. If it had not been so late, (midnight) I would have sent it back. Mashed potatoes were great, very creamy. Salad was nice sized and crisp. Several of the lettuce leaves were brown and discolored.
Service was just OK. Had to asked 3 times for lemons for the water.
This is my third visit over the last 3 years. We visited again because our last visits were great. The late night staff needs some direction. The restaurant was so dusty you could write your name in the dust on top of the booth divider half-walls.Very solid diner, with good food at whatever time you come by. The menu is pretty extensive and they have options for the whole family. I came for breakfast, and i tried the scrapple, which is pretty good! The prices are pretty much the average diner prices, I paid $10 for breakfast and coffee- eggs, scrapple, hash browns and toast. The service is pretty good too, but the wait time from the kitchen is a little while. I asked them to add the scrapple to my meal after the order had been placed, maybe thats what took a little extra time. 
The space is pretty large, could fit about 30 parties and there are some regulars as well. A guy came in with his kid and all the waitstaff knew him, came over to say hi and chat a little. Definitely friendly and helpful. Place was clean too and bathrooms were great.Back in Philadelphia after a week away, jet-lagged and hungry at 10pm, I found my way to the Broad Street Diner with the two best friends a girl could ask for (because anyone who picks you up from the airport without requesting compensation is a true blue pal).
It's a typical diner, with typical diner food, open blessedly late. The space is bright and clean and comfortable, and the service was friendly. We all got salads, which took a strangely long time to arrive considering salads aren't really that involved, but they were worth the wait. I was pleasantly surprised by the chicken on my salad, which was juicy and tender and flavorful. The lettuce was fresh and crisp, and it was just what I needed. The dressing comes on the side, and it came in cups that looked like they could be used to serve soup - a plus, since I hate when a place shortchanges you on dressing. If you're out late and are tired and/or jet-lagged and/or intoxicated and/or craving diner food, this is a good spot to seek out.So, so sad. My husband I were anxiously awaiting the re-opening of The Broad Street Diner, as were many of our neighbors clearly, since the place was pretty full. The sign outside worried me a little, because its very tacky, but I wanted to like this place- since it's so close to home! We were so let down. The Broad Street Diner, now owned by Michael's Family Restaurants (Same people who own Melrose), is all show and nothing else. We ordered off the somewhat large menu, I ordered the Chicken Tender Platter (not the most outrageous choice, i know, but I was not feeling risky. I just wanted something reliable) and my husband ordered the Rueben. My platter (listed as $11.99 on the menu) came with honey mustard dressing, two sides, a soup or salad and roll and butter. Well, the menu said it came with all that, but it actually didn't. I asked for fries as my side, again, I wasn't feeling risky, just wanted some comfort food, and French Onion Soup. The soup was actually pretty good, just incredibly salty. It also came out with the food, which is really annoying to me. If you serve an appetizer with a meal, please bring it out beforehand. It sucks to have to eat your appetizer, while your food sits there getting cold. The chicken tender platter was very small, almost comparable to a kids meal. There were about 10 french fries on my plate. When the food arrived, both my husband and I sighed in disappointment. When you go to a diner, you expect heaping amounts of food, enough to take some home with you. At least I do when paying $11.99 for chicken tenders. There was no honey mustard, roll or butter with the platter. My husbands Rueben was 1/5 of the size of a usual Rueban at other places around the city. Even Jones serves a bigger Rueben. We never got a refill on drinks, and when the bill came, my platter turned out to be $13.99. The facade of the restaurant is very nice, but after the meal we just felt robbed. I think this establishment puts more into it's looks than it does it's food. It feels greedy.Very excited that the diner reopened  went there twice first time I ordered a French dip which is on their menu the waitress looked at me like I had 8 heads and said she did not know what that was and it was not on their menu I then showed her that it was got our food and my girlfriends food was alright also got the potato skins to split and their was 3 that's a very odd number. My French dip was alright the au jus was a little salty!! So we went back again hoping it was just a off day the 2nd time we went there it was a little slow they had 8 waitresses on staff we never got greeted at the door they sat us our waitress came over took our order once again ordered the french dip and hash brown. My drink was empty when she brought the food I asked her for another iced t we never got it I then had to get up and go find the waitress to get another one she was at the front talking to the hostess we then proceeded to eat still no waitress to ask how it was or anything we were done eating for 20 minutes before I finally had to ask our bus boy to find our waitress once again chatting it up with the hostess she then came over and asked do u guys need anything and we said yea the check so that whole time we had only seen the waitress twice and that's cause she had to come take our order and bring us the food but the food was a lot better this time around all in all food was great but service was horrible they need to hire some staff who are experienced or  to train a little better!!!!!Things I like. The day staff. Paige, Donna, Nicki, Roxy, Barbara, etc. Nice ladies. Make you feel at home. I don't know the night crew so I have no opinion. 
I go to this diner all the time. It's next to my job. 
Issues:  
They seriously need to make some improvements to the menu. 
1. The lunch special Beef Stew is served with a side of soup and you can't make any replacement for it. So you basically get a cup of soup with your bowl of soup. Wtf. 
2. The chilli used to be served in a big bowl. It was the best. Now only served in a tiny bowl with totilla chips all around. Talk about being cheap. And who wants chips with there chilli? At least have alternative side choices. Not every one can eat all those carbs. 
3. Chilli is seasonal. It is really good chilli. Why can't they have it all year?
4. The chicken salad is extremely bland. I wish they had another version with flavor and texture. 
5. They don't have long spoons to stir your to go coffee cup with. The spoon they give you is shorter than the cup. Annoying. Burns your fingers. 
6. They charge over 4 dollars for a bowl of fruit and give you a tiny bowl. Lame. 
Impovements they made: they got rid of that awful waitress who wears the lip liner and would talk about her bodily functions while people eat. Thank god!!! 
Really great meal...the Turkey Rachel is delicious. The stuffed flounder is also amazing. 
I like how it is decorated. Tables are always clean. It has that real diner feel. 
So dispite the menu issues, i will still go there.Perhaps the cleanest diner I've ever been in, I was caught off guard when I ate here the other day. I came here right after a football game-my cleats still on and my clothes completely covered in dirt. I never felt underdressed for a 24 hour diner until that moment. Dare I say that the Broad Street Diner looked classy.
The food was still diner quality food, with cheap fried food, but I was surprised again to see healthier options. I ultimately ignored those options, but it was nice to know that they were there.  I ordered the chicken parmesan sandwich, and unlike some of the previous reviews where their sandwich was served burt, mine turned out okay. Just okay. The chicken was thin and slightly overcooked, but I've definitely had worse.
When it came to service, I had quite the opposite experience compared to previous reviews.. The waitress was very friendly, and she was attentive to her customers. Granted, I found out later that she just started working there, but sometimes all a business needs is a little fresh air. I'll stop by again if the mood strikes again.I honestly didn't expect much from this place when I first came in. I thought, "it's just a diner." I ordered a country omelette and a cream cheese and man, I was surprised. The portion was pretty big, the price for it wasn't too bad, and above all, it tasted great. It came with hash browns which just hit the spot. Ever since then, I came here more often and it never disappoints.
The staff is awesome, the food tastes great, it's inexpensive, the portions are large, it's open 24 hours, there's a parking lot, what else can you ask for? If you come here, you won't regret it.Shocked this place doesn't have five stars!  As far as diners go it doesn't get much better!  Ask for Paige she will make your day!Hubby and I went here for a late morning breakfast following a doctor's appointment. Since I had been up since 9:00 am, I was starving by the time we got here around 12 noon. Hubby had scrambled eggs, hash browns and rye toast. I had the same, plus bacon and decaf coffee. Hubby likes his eggs on the wet side while I prefer mine dry, very dry. Both orders were perfection. I got four nice slices of bacon that were also done perfectly. I think the bacon was Oscar Meyer - it was THAT good. The rye toast was just right...not burnt and not too light. I thought the hash browns were great, but hubby prefers his in slices or chunks. However, that doesnt take away from how tasty they were. The decaf didn't taste like it was from the bottom of the pot, for a change. In short, or long as the case may be (LOL), both our breakfasts were terrific! If I have any complaint at all, it's that there are not enough tables, and the booths are somewhat tight for those of a larger girth. Not that I fit that description! Hubby is another story though. 
Now that the diner has been refurbished, it has a very nice look to it. And clean? I swear you could eat off the floors! I used the restroom and that too was sparkly clean.
Will we go back? You can bet your ass we will!If you like mediocre food and being ignored, this is the place for you.  
It's really not too hard to circle around to make sure that your patrons have enough water or offer a second cup of coffee.  Nor is it extremely difficult to get the orders right.
It was clean at least, but it shows true incompetence when you can't handle basic service elements.Not a bad diner. This is your classic American (Northeast) diner in Philly. Despite other negative reviews about servers, I've never had an issue with my waiter or waitress. In fact, they've usually been extremely polite. Nevertheless, the food is fine and the portions are enormous. You get more than what you pay for. I always end up having leftovers!Donna is a sweetheart waitress and the food is good. The place is great for a causal dinner during the week.Have been here a couple of times. The food is what you'd expect from a diner. More notably, every time I come here something very strange happens - typically the wait staff is a bit perplexing. I've had waiters deny that they serve clearly listed items on the menu, bantered about what goes into making ice cream - the whole shebang. But, in all honesty it just ends up adding to the "this is a weird diner and let's not pretend we came here for an average, typical meal anyways" vibe.I've been to the Broad Street Diner a few times, and I need to go back even more!  The service and food is great, and the prices very reasonable.  I'm glad they've re-opened.Yep I do, I always plan on being in this area while working around noon. This place is clean (bathroom spotless, except for the morons who had to add their artwork to its partitions) Friendly help, good food, is what makes this place a place you want to return to. 
I will be backAfter a party, drunk on whisky and good times, we craved food after midnight. Somebody suggested the melrose, but I pointed out that Broad street was closer.
They did a pretty good job cleaning this place up. It's bright and clean, almost incongruous with the diner vibe they're cultivating. But the booths are tight and the waitresses will "hon" you all night, so it still works.
I was tempted to order "the usual", but then I don't go there that often, so I laid it out: 2 eggs over easy, corned beef hash, rye toast. The 1AM breakfast of champions. I got exactly what I expected, except the plate of hash was a bit less of a portion than I would have wanted.
And I did not order coffee, reminding me that i'm getting old and can't just mainline caffeine without feeling it anymore.Our waiter was so horrible!!! We had a group of four people when he went to go take our order he didn't write anything down.... We had a lot of food so everything was messed up the cook burnt my husbands Chicken Parm Sandwich was so gross.... never brought my husbands appetizer out (he never put it in)... My husband is diabetic and gave him seven up (when he order seltzer water with lemon)....My Friend ordered a broccoli and cheese omelet and gave her bacon omelet... WE ARE NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN!!!!! GO TO THE OREGON DINER OR PENROSE DINER YOU WILL GET THE BEST SERVICE!!!!!!Went to the Broad Street Diner late at night over the summer and was pretty disappointed. I ordered a cheesesteak figuring it should be good anywhere in Philly, and what I got was a sad over-priced excuse for a Philadelphia cheesesteak.
I asked the waitress for peppers and onions and she was confused, asked the chef if they could do that and she came back saying they only have banana peppers. What???? You serve food at a diner in Philly and you don't even know what type of peppers go in a cheesesteak? To top it off, the steak was dry (frozen steak) and they gave me the smallest side of fries.
I'm hard-pressed to find a bigger waste of $14 other than burning it in my backyard. NextMy family and I went in early evening and was immediately seated so there was no wait time. The staff was friendly and comforting. The food was great, love it when the ribs fall off of the bone....mmmm.Very nice ladies working there. So friendly. I like their burgers n fries. My go to place for a late night dinner or a delicious burgerVery nice hospitality, but the food is not tasty at all. I had a seafood platter which was very bland and over priced for the amount of food given. I would not eat here again.I waited for Broad Street Diner to open for months.  Its location is incredible, and is extraordinarily convenient for an early Sunday hangover brunch.  Well, I ate there today and it was...horrible.  The waitress started our meal from hell by spilling coffee on my friend. Granted, it was a quarter of a cup, and we willingly forgave her mishap.  We both ordered scrambled eggs, hash browns and bacon--pretty hard to mess up.  They did. The eggs were the consistency of wet pudding, the hash browns fresh out of the freezer, and the bacon, pure fat.  Even worse, the plates were overpriced by at least 4 dollars.  Will I go back? Not until they get their act together.Never in my life have I had a manger call me a faggot and I'm going to die with AIDS in front of staff and costumes. She had the audacity to talk with a customer about the most vulgar topics possible. I wanted to ignore the fact that this is typical behavior from a diner, but I couldn't  even finish my appetizer. I had my entree wrapped and wanted to leave as soon as possible. Left the waitress 20 percent because it had nothing to do with her. I left a note for the server to give to the manager and I called 10 minutes later to make sure she received it. She told me"To come into the diner and say it to her f****** face". I absolutely came back and confronted her about her behavior. There was nothing but pure trash coming out of her mouth. She better be fired because the LGBT community is already scheduling a protest outside the establishment. Oh, and one more thing. She thinks she can get away with anything because she has been working their for five years. Some manger for your company. If the owner or a established well educated manager wants to talk to me here's my number. 856-813-6658 My lesson for the evening- Never go to Broad Street Diner!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dined in- 9/13/16. Night Manager. Chunkier, with long brown hair.I ate there today about 2:30pm with my daughter.We shared a bowl of Cream of chicken soup, it was delicious. I had a ham and cheese omelet, hash browns side of bacon, very good. My daughter had a burger with fries. It was your typical diner burger, nothing special but good.The waitress was very nice.The place has been completely remodeled and is very nice and CLEAN.Ever since the Midtown II closed at 11th & Sansom i have been looking for a new place to have a great breakfast. I think that I have found it! The Broad Street Diner on the southeast corner of Broad and Ellsworth has won my heart. Convenient location near the buses and subway and plenty of parking for those who are driving. Greeted politely upon entering which is not always a given in today's food service industry. Sat at a nice little booth on the counter side of the room (as opposed to the window side. You'll see what I mean when you come here). The server, Theresa, promptly brought me coffee and a large orange juice as well as water, which I didn't have to ask for. I ordered blueberry pancakes with two scrambled eggs with provolone cheese and a side of scrapple, that Philly diner staple. In less than ten minutes I was brought three of the best looking pancakes that I have seen, chockful of blueberries not just scattered on the top or on  the side but distributed evenly and plentifully throughout the entire stack. The eggs? Well, some diners will scramble the eggs and just plop the cheese on top at the last second and sometimes the cheese will be melted and sometimes not. At the BSD the cheese is cooked along with the eggs and folded inside so that every bite is a gooey, cheesy blissful experience. And the eggs are fresh as well. You can always tell the difference! Last but not least is the scrapple, an all time favorite of mine. People always ask me "What is scrapple?" I just tell them it is a pork product that once you try it, you'll never go back to bacon or sausage. Mmmmmm! The whole meal, from the time I sat down to  the time I got the check was about half an hour and I actually lingered a bit to soak in the diner atmosphere and to let my ample breakfast begin to digest. Great job by Theresa who kept an eye on me even though she had tables all over the medium-sized dining room. Polite and professional. Thanks to you! So if you are looking for a filling meal, be it breakfast, lunch, or dinner (which I will share in coming entries) and you don't want to spend a long time waiting for service or food or the check give this location a try. I think it will be worth your while.With the eventual loss of Little Pete's, I'm scouting out a back up plan, and it looks like I found it! I thought with the renovations and new sign that it had gone hipster (expensive) when in fact this gem is a diner diner! After weeks of healthy food, my body was begging for a cheeseburger, and this one hit the spot. It was big, cooked perfectly, and came with super tasty fries. And the best part was the waitresses. They were warm and endearing, and made me feel comfortable. Wish I had tried this place sooner!I really love going to the Broad St Diner since they've re-opened. It used to be somewhat of a dump back in the day, but it's definitely changed since the makeover! I go at least once every couple weeks (during the week around 8 AM before work), and the staff is always very friendly and quick. It's never chaotic or crowded either, which adds to the relaxing ambiance. The food is a good deal for the money and it's always a nice way to start the work day. Some of the nicest servers I've experienced at a diner in a LONG time :)The hubby and I went here and I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised. It's very reminiscent of the Melrose Diner. We both had waffles and I got mine with fresh strawberries. Everything was good and we'll be back to try the other menu offerings. Prices weren't bad and service was good.This is the first time I've been here since they closed...and probably will be my last choice when it comes to that "Saturday/Sunday Diner Food" craving that I have.  You know...the one that you get when you are too tired (LAZY) to make your own breakfast.  :)
Anyway, here's my story:
I remember seeing that this diner had re-opened and had a craving for some really good diner food.  It's close to where I live, so I figured why not.  Got the kids dressed and headed off.  I remembered that they had parking...YAY!  But, it's a small lot...BOO!  Not really their fault...eh, wha-cha going to do?!?!?  I dropped the family off to get a table and parked down the street.
It was about 11:30am-ish on a Sunday and I figured there would be a wait.  (Everyone knows that if you don't get to a diner on the weekends BEFORE 11am, you will have to wait.)  Surprise!  Seated right away...YAY!
My wife and I order coffees for us and chocolate milk for the boys.  Boys liked the chocolate milk, in plastic kids cups, with lids...YAY!  Our coffees, however, were horrible.  It tasted like hot water with the "essence" of coffee.  It's like they used they same grinds from three or four brewing cycles ago.  So, wifey ordered a coke (they offer Pepsi) right away.  Bad, bad, bad coffee...BOO!
Ordered food.  Simple menu.  Nothing that made you say to yourself: "that sounds interesting; I think I'll give it a try!" Food came after 8-10 mins. Server forgot an order of scrambled eggs for the youngest one.  Brought it out 2 mins later...no biggie.  Wife ordered a Western Omelette.  I had a waffle with a side of Scrapple and two eggs, over-easy.  Mine was fine, nothing really spectacular.  My wife thought hers was bland, lacking flavor.
Got the check. Went to the cashier at the entrance to pay for check. They were selling "Melrose Diner Butter Cookies"...really???  Aren't we @ Broad St. Diner?!?!!??  Oh well!
PROS:
Seated right away; attentive service; prices reasonable; kid-friendly
CONS:
Weak, horrible coffee; not enough parking (not really their fault); bland food
SUM IT UP ALREADY:
Will not be my first choice.  Probably OK if your hammered around 3-or-4am.  Don't get the coffee!!! Unless, it's the first brew fresh from the bag or they change it to something else.mmmmmmm, DINER FOOD!!
After leaving football practice, we were STARVED!!  Since we were leaving the park at 12th and Wharton, we decided to walk to Broad Street Diner because its super close.  We were quickly greeted and seated, but on our way to our seats, I couldn't help but overhear the conversation that the "muslim" girl (who worked there) was having on the phone with a customer who called in to order.  "When I answer da phone, you 'pose ta tell me what you want.  Now, WHAT DO YOU WANT?.... AND WHAT ELSE?"  I felt bad for the person on the other end of the phone.  No one should be spoken to like that, especially when they're giving you their business.
There's lots of stuff on the menu, so it took us a while to decide what we wanted.  First, we got the sampler platter.  2 mozz sticks, 2 potato skins, 2 chicken tenders and 4 buffalo wings.  Ashlei didn't want potato skins, so we substituted for more mozz sticks.  Everything was good!!  I mean, it was all fried, so you can't go wrong...  but I've had horrible fried foods before (see my review of...  dang, I can't even remember the name of the place) and this was pretty tasty.  After we finished our sampler, Ashlei ordered a waffle with strawberries and turkey sausage.  We shared that as well because I still couldn't figure out what I wanted.  Oddly enough, what we shared was enough to satisfy me.
Our plates were quickly cleared, we received our check and went up front to pay.  While there, a new employee was now at the register/phone, but the annoying girl was still there...  socializing.  I couldn't shake her annoying, typical Philly girl voice and lingo, "Jamaal be irkin like...  he gon' ask me why I put my numba in his phone.  I was like "because boy, why you drawlin'?" and he was like "don't do dat" and I was like "boy wateva"."  UGH!!!!  I mean, REALLY?!  THIS is the type of conversation that you think is acceptable for customers to hear?  I don't care if I'm at Broad Street Diner or Barclay Prime, there is a certain amount of tact and decorum that should be demonstrated by ALL employees at ALL times!  And if for some strange reason you lack the know-how of professionalism, at least learn to speak in a way that doesn't prove you're a product of the Philadelphia public school system.I needed to grab a quick bit so I took a chance here. I was seated immediately. The first thing I noticed is how clean it is. Nice lighting and very relaxed atmosphere. All the employees are so kind and the service is fast. I got strawberry waffles, bacon, and coffee and everything was great. Will come back if I'm ever in the area again.This is probably the worst diner around. The food is diner food, so it isn't horrible...but the service. The service is awful. The waitstaff are inattentive and most seem like they are on drugs. It takes someone 10 minutes to come over and take your order. The staff talk with each other and ignore the customers. They also must be ghosts because they are usually not seen. We only come here when we don't feel like cooking and want to be aggravated. The staff is unprofessional and could use a good manager. I guess the owner doesn't care because no changes have been made since the place opened.It's so hard to find great diners in Philadelphia.  I grew up on Long Island where there was a major awesome diner in every town.  This one is promising.  My Rueben was delicious and my milkshake super chocolatey, but the "service" here is pretty goofy.  It's silly to assume that people are ready to order within the first minute of sitting down.  My server was kind of out of it and partook in a major no no.  My girlfriend and I came in after a fun night with friends for some food.  The last thing you want is your server making rude comments to you about your state of soberness. It's a 24 hour diner and honestly what do you expect?!  It'll happen.  He apologized and then forgot to order my sandwich.  I work in the service industry. I get it . It happens. I watched him put my order into the computer and then come tell me it was the kitchens fault.  Pretty lame.  It takes just as much work to be a good server as it does to be a bad one.  I probably would have enjoyed myself a little more if I hadn't been insulted by a member of the establishment.Been having bfast here now just about everyday for the past two months.  So I can only comment on bfast.  Food:  generous portions, honestly haven't had a bad meal yet.  Tell ya a nice surprise, the oatmeal!!  If ya get tired of the same ole/same ole try the oatmeal, its good, then go back to the big breakfast the following day.  Service:  the women in the morning about 7 - 9 are outstanding.  Always pleasant, very attentive.  Never have to look around to find whoever is serving you, they are always right there.  They remember all your special request outside of the regular food order.  Professionals!!!  Cleanliness: Very Clean.  Great place for breakfast with great staff!!!First off, this review is 5 years late. But I just remembered I meant to do this way back then because my friends and I were blown away by this place's friendly local staff - especially Donna!! (I hope you check Yelp a lot, Donna. Sorry I'm late.)
Food was exactly what you'd expect from a late night diner when you need a bite at 3am after a night fueled by merriment and definitely no alcohol. Yep.
Service was awesome - friendly, local Philly folk doing their thing. Humorous and efficient, no BS but there to serve you that 2nd or 20th plate of hash brown at 3am (in my case, it was the latter).
Donna and Broad Street Diner, I've been away for so long!!! But I'll be back!!!I wanted so badly to like this diner.  I mean seriously, eggs, sausage and hash browns!  Very very hard to mess that order up.  Especially for a diner!  In short - eggs were good.  Sausage was colder then room temp. and hash browns were both cold and burnt!!  That's quite a feat.  
Apparently per my server they have constant problems with the cook not bring able to cook.  The owner has been in Greece for months and clearly does not care about this restaurant.  Shame!The is a decent diner. Large menu selection, updates decor, friendly service, opened 24 hrs. Small off street parking lot, great for a south Philly location.I'm sorry but really only deserves one star. 
Went here with two friends on a Friday night (more like Saturday morning) and it was a disaster. We were sat pretty fast In a tight booth. The place was really loud for the time we got there. Our waitress was peppy but annoying. My friend and I ordered grilled cheese with fries and my bf ordered fries with gravy and mozzarella on them (disco fries for the New Jersey people).
Now I have been to a lot of diners. I've been to some of the best in the country (or in nj cause they're everywhere in nj). The food took an hour to come out. AN HOUR. Not 45 minutes, an hour. The grilled cheese wasn't even cooked. It was bread with three slices of Kraft looking cheese on it. I ordered mine on rye and it was on white bread when it came out. The fries were just normal but portioned poorly. My bf's fries had such little cheese on them and the gravy was on the side. It also took an additional twenty minutes to get utensils (which were plastic) and honey mustard - which we asked a different waitress to get. 
Out waitress must have come over to our table 5 times within the hour saying sorry about our order.
We didn't even order anything special. 
When we were done our waitress talked smack about the place and said to give her the tip right in her hands and not on the table cause someone may take it??? Ok... 
We didn't tip her anyway cause it was terrible and she really didn't do anything but badger us for an hour and then disappeared for another. 
I'll never go back here again. Was looking for a diner to replace my home diner in nj but this isn't the one. I recommend going to McDonald's over this (surprisingly the mess up less). 
Sorry but it's the diner's fault not mine.Ate here for the first time this morning, a Sunday.  I think it's only been (re)-opened for a week or so.  I liked the decor.  Many waitresses, several of them very friendly, although they all fit the stereotype of "diner waitress," if you get my drift.  We were handed a breakfast-specific menu with only breakfast foods on it, but my wife ordered off-menu (a sandwich), and they made that for her, too.  I was looking for my diner favorite, a belgian waffle with that sugary fruit pie-filling topping + whipped cream, but it wasn't on the menu.  So I had the blueberry pancakes instead.  They were quite good.  Side of corned beef hash -- hard to screw that up, and they didn't.  Appropriate crispy.  The fries my wife got with her sandwich were very good as well -- the crinkly-cut kind, and fried perfectly.  Appropriate frequency of coffee and water refills.  There weren't too many people in the restaurant at 8 am, so the next test will be to see how service is when there are more customers in the restaurant.  Definitely passed the first test for me; I'll check back in a couple of weeks.Perhaps the chef's tasting menu of my recent memory did it, or the looming adventure planned of gluttony in the Caribbean, but the diner's experience just didn't stimulate or excite me in any great way. 
"No zazz," my friend mutters as we walk out. I agree, my silence echoing louder to him than the toilet later that night. A toothpick drops from my lips, soaked in the wet perversion of this dark city. Whats 2.95 besides the hot bowl sitting in front of me? Shame, self loathing, a shattered mirror in the cold of night. Great service, though!Are you serious? It's closed? I used to live 2 blocks away when I was a senior in high school!! Loved its seedy, creepy quality. I actually thought the food was good - this is a diner...a diner in Philly...you have to put it in perspective. The food is fried, deep fried, grilled or...probably dropped on the floor and put on the plate. Ofcourse there's roaches, it's a diner!!! They had the best milk shakes! Their fries were fantastic. The waitresses only looked at the guys when they took orders. They also flirted with your boyfriend or brother or dad right in front of you (did to mine) and talked with that raspy-throat cancer voice while bending over a lot during the "service". They don't remember your drink if you're a girl, but they do remember the check. It was a classic. 
I'm really amused by the cops having to be there. I hadn't seen nearly as much drama go down here as at the Melrose as a kid, but the City has changed and so have the kids. Plus, the Melrose waitresses would probably pull out an oozy on that ass...no joke....they don't need cops. Are you serious, the Broad St. diner got bullet proof glass? hahahaha! that is hysterical. Wow. i REALLY wish is wasn't closed. Maybe they are renovating.....