Stopped in last night to Bruno's for the first time. I've gone by that location for years but was lured in by a Groupon. We ordered two appetizers cheese sticks and chicken wings The wings were awful just basically fried little wings with no taste other than fried breading. The mozzarella sticks were fine not any better worse than I could buy from my frozen section at the grocery store. While we were waiting the biggest downside of the restaurant became clear. The owner/cook whoever he was was yelling and barking orders at the little waitress girls entire time I understand that he wants the best service for his patrons however it was well beyond the point of fair. For our entrées I ordered a chicken cheesesteak with peppers and spinach it was good no complaints. My wife ordered a chicken Bruno she enjoyed it very much. So on all the food wasn't that bad; it was barfood. The problem we had was the atmosphere very drab and as I said sound of the cook yelling  with my meal was just not good. Maybe the place is better for breakfast or better yet the outdoor seating away from all the yelling is probably where I would recommend eatingIf you like Americana, affordable fare and that classic East Coast diner feel. This is the place for that. There's nothing extraordinary on the menu. Well, I think having both scrapple and pork roll (Taylor Ham to some of oyu) is something to be celebrated.
Went in here for a late breakfast while in the neighborhood. The service was absolutely fantastic. All the folks were really nice. (Granted we were the only ones in there on a Wednesday morning.)
Based on the food I got, it was A-OK. The service was great. I'd stop in here again for sure. It's just a nice little spot. It's the perfect place to stop in, enjoy the atmosphere and good company and a never-ending cup of coffee.came here on a tuesday night around 7 with a friend. i had a chicken cheesesteak and she ordered her favorite, the father casey special (bacon, egg, and cheese on a sub roll with sauce). the price was right (about $8 for the chicken cheesesteak), onions were fried nicely, and the roll was a freshly made hardish italian roll that i thought was really good. we shared an order of cheese fries, which were nothing spectacular but they hit the spot. standard cheese whiz type cheese, and unique round disc looking fries. we also shared a cookies and cream milkshake which also was good!
if you're looking for cheap eats on the nw edge of the city this is your place! overlooks chestnut hill college and the park.Bruno's is always decent in the morning, the waitresses always get it right, but Bruno's after dark is a whole different story! We just had dinner here and I watched 3 wait staff sit around and playing music videos and catch up on their snapchat stories. meanwhile one young attentive girl ran the grill, worked the fryer, rang people up for their checks, made salads and sandwiches while the other 3 still sat and did nothing. Mgmt needs to check his crew out at night because it's crazy up in here! I wish I could give no stars but the morning service is awesome.The place is farely great, we stopped in right before closing time so I can't really say much about the service. Everyone seemed to be under 20 but knew what they were doing pretty well. We were told to sit where ever we like and it was a bit before our waitress came over. She didn't ask for drinks until we were done ordering our food. The food was great and it was nice to see behind the bar where the cook was cooking the burgers.For what it tries to be, Bruno's is not bad but certainly not great. 
I only end up at Bruno's when visiting the adjacent Wissahickon Park. But I enjoy sitting on Bruno's deck to have lunch and rest with the pooch after a long walk! 
Service in my experience is always good. The food is average.Food was pretty good, staff was friendly. All of the glasses and silverware had water spots all over them, even after asking for cleaner ones.I went here for my birthday. I'd been here 3 times previously because of their excellent 4 cheese mac and cheese but the service tonight put me off forever. Upon our arrival, our server did not tell us her name, nor did she say anything about the menu or even welcome us to the restaurant. I started off with coffee and water. I had to remind them repeatedly about my coffee. It was then time to order our entrees. I asked our server for the Mac and cheese with whole grain and she responded with a very rude, "Mac and cheese? With what?" followed by "it's my first day." Now, I understand not knowing the entire menu and being nervous on your first day, but it was glaringly obvious she knew nothing about the menu and spoke in a tone as if she didn't want to be there. After ordering our food, our server went completely MIA and stayed that way the rest of the meal. 20 or so minutes later, another server came out us and asked if we were "ready for our food yet." I couldn't believe she actually asked that, of course we were "ready" for our food, isn't that why people go to restaurants? We said yes, I asked for one more refill of coffee, and then the check. My mom had gotten a Groupon deal online and when she went to pay they gave her a hard time about using it and she had to argue with one of the employees before she left. No one in the group was told to have a nice night before we left. I work in the industry myself, I understand having off days and making mistakes, but the service was absolutely atrocious and easily the worst dining experience I've ever had. 
At least the mac and cheese was good.If I could rate more exactly, it would be 3.5 stars. 
I liked Bruno's. It's small but well-located near the Morris Arboretum which was our destination for the day, and it did the job. Myself and my girlfriend both ordered the Philly cheesesteaks, and they were good. Nothing special, nothing great, perhaps a bit overpriced for the size of the meal and the quality of the restaurant, but it was definitely passable. 
The service was quick and nice, our waiter attended the school across the street and was very friendly. We sat on the outside porch area and overall thought it was a pretty good place for a quick bite. Don't expect too much more than a burger joint and you'll be pleased.My most recent experience at Bruno's restaurant as a 3-star experience.  The first thing we noticed upon arriving at the restaurant was that there was a weird smell on the screened in deck.  We decided to eat inside due to this smell.  Inside it was like a older style diner which was interesting but the place needed renovation and some cleaning.  We ordered bacon cheeseburgers and fries.  The bacon cheeseburgers were good and the fries were also good.  We brought our own beer so we did not need any of their drinks.  We also tried a dessert which we were not as satisfied with as we were hoping but not surprised due to other reviews.  Overall, I would say it is worth trying but stick to the grilled food.I believe the charm of Bruno's is what draws me back time and time again.  I adore the location, a short walk up the street from the Valley Green trail of the Wissahickon, on a very cute corner entering Chestnut Hill.  The jukebox inside adds to its allure.
I've only ever eaten breakfast here - picture a diner-style (and diner-quality) breakfast menu.  The food is good, but not great.  Dining outside on their deck is ALWAYS preferable and best of all, you can stop for a bite with your pup after hiking the trail.This restaurant while good wait staff, is lacking in food quality. Came here for breakfast and the food was bland. Tried the home fries, french toast and pancakes. It's a cute place, but the pancakes were flavorless even with the slight powdered sugar and the syrup couldn't do enough to help. Overall disappointed.I live around the corner from Bruno's and we went back for breakfast after years of avoiding the place thinking that perhaps it had gotten better. Well we were wrong. My wife described her pancakes as the "The worst I've ever had". My sausages tasted terrible, burned oil, flattened, and the eggs were just horrible.
For a better meal go west on Germantown Pike about a mile to Ted's (551 Germantown Pike, Lafayette Hill, PA)We stopped at Brunos this morning for breakfast.  We have driven past on many occasions, always saying we should stop.  Today we did.  We were greeted cheerfully with smiles.  I felt like they knew me for years.  The Brioche French Toast is fantastic.  I highly recommend this little gem.I would give it a 1.5 in all honesty. I wanted to like Bruno's. I did. We came here on the recommendation of a host that we stayed with.  When I first walked in, I was greeted with quaint decor and an old fashioned jukebox.  The waitress seemed inviting so I thought maybe it won't be so bad.  We ordered a Philly Cheesesteak and some toast with scrapple - a local speciality mix of meats.  I requested that Canadian bacon be added to the order which the waitress promptly agreed to.  However, when we were served our food, we were only given the Canadian bacon and home fries with the toast. I wasn't sure what scrapple looked like but I brought it up while we checked out that we didn't receive part of our order.  Waitress insisted that we placed an order for just the toast with Canadian bacon. Her memory didn't seem to serve her well even though we were the only customers sitting inside that day (with only one other group of 4 sitting outside).  Besides the service, the food was a little below my mediocre standards.  I came in starving and left kind of disappointed.  While i was no longer hungry, the toast was too crisp and burnt, the eggs tasteless, and the home fries dull.  There should be more seasoning to those home fries! I would reconsider my choices before coming here again.  I can get better food and service at local chain diners.Returned to Bruno's after a five-year L.A. vacation and glad to see that something's remained the same.  When craving a great cheesesteak or hoagie I know I can bank on quality time after time.  The afore-mentioned cheesesteak, the "Bruno" hoagie, "Italian" hoagie, "The Joey", and cottage fries (fries "in the round") remain my staples here; even the fountain Coke tastes better here.  Dynamite shakes and desserts if you somehow still have room after your meal.
 If there for breakfast (stops at noon on weekends, only complaint) they give ample portions of bacon and coffee's good (I usually disdain restaurant coffee); all in all my favorite spot for miles around.So it's not completely terrible....
The neighborhood/location gives this propensity that there's going to be decent food. That's not really the case. There are a few good things in the menu...the French toast is  recommended. I think the bottom line is the price of the food per quality of the food. 
For what the food quality actually is, the prices are high. I think Bruno's gets away with their prices because of their location.
The service was great. The waitress was friendly and had a good spirit of hospitality.
UPDATED REVIEW:
I went back and tried the French toast again (bc it was so good the first time) This time, it was so soggy, and it didn't seem fried/cooked enough.This place is filthy.  Went for breakfast and ordered eggs and hashbrowns, my partner ordered pancakes.  The sides of the table was sticky and dusty.  The hashbrowns were undercooked red potatoes, the eggs cold, and the pancakes must have had no baking powder as they were thick dense and tasteless.  How do places like this stay in business?  I also checked out their grill and it looks like it has not been cleaned in years.  If gets a star  because I can't rate zero.I set out the other night, hungry and clueless as to what I was in the mood for.  I passed a few possibilities and then I happened upon Bruno's.  It seemed well lit and inviting from the outside so I decided to venture in.  From the name and my own family history I was imagining something German like schnitzel but it turned out to be more on the lines of a diner/sandwich shop/Italian restaurant.
Upon walking in, I was promptly greeted by a server from behind the counter across the small room.  She told me to sit wherever I was comfortable.  I selected my table and she immediately brought me a menu.  
I still didn't know what I was in the mood for so I asked for advice.  She began suggesting her favorite sandwiches and when I told her I was looking more for a comfort food entree she adapted and told me to get the tortellini in vodka sauce.  I took her advice and was pleased i did.  It was tasty even if I could have made it myself with the exact same source materials.  At least I didn't have to do the dishes after.
The desert menu looked interesting because it made it seem as if they made stuff there. I asked her and she said they did not.  I had the apple pie and was a little disappointed because there was some kind of funky taste that kept occurring.  Perhaps the apples were over ripe.
Overall, I had a positive experience and I would return.Yuck. Even after a 8 mile hike in the woods after a night of hard drinking and no breakfast - Yuck.  The service on a Saturday was mostly teenage girls who couldn't care less and my dehydrated lips almost stuck together asking (twice) for more water.  The sandwich was a lump of cheap deli-meat slapped on a roll.  My companion got a funky NY Russian that was edible only thanks to the slathering of orange dressing.The only reason this place stays in business is due to its proximity to a college cafeteria, which, come to think of it, offers a superior dining experience than that of Bruno's. The service is slow, the food is bland, and they won't take your check at the table. You have to get up and wait in line at the cash register, perhaps to give you time to look around and wonder how you ended up here in the first place. My suggestion to anyone starving in Chestnut Hill, enroll at the college and pick up the meal plan.I always have the spinach salad with grilled chicken. Balsamic vinegarette is the perfect compliment. Nice diner ambience. Wait staff is excellent.My first time here. What a treat to be entertained while having lunch.
Friendly staff and good food...What more would you want :)
Tim is a hoot....Went on a Saturday morning around 10AM. There was no wait to sit which was nice. The waitress was attentive & fast. Food came out very quickly as well. I ordered a mushroom omelet with cheese which came with "homefries" & toast. The omelet was a little burnt but fairly tasty. I was really disappointed in the homefries. It was baby red potatoes boiled and cut in half. 
For the 2 of us it was $21 including tip. Thought that was a little pricey for eggs, bread & potatoes. Nothing fancy.
Would probably try a different place for breakfast next time.I had breakfast with my BFF at Brunos this morning. This is a nice spot to hang out and get away from all the hustle and bustle. I really enjoyed my meal especially the make your own omelette.Great place, great hoagies, great service. I had the Bruno Hoagie. The owner even gave the kids $5 for the jukebox!Ordered uber eats last night from this place. Took forever. But the real issue is how they simply cannot get the order right. Ordered two raviolis with Alfredo instead of marinara. Only 1 came correct. Then ordered two chocolate mouse cakes. And the staff is so lazy they cannot remove the paper. Never again!!Bruno's is a Chestnut Hill/Lafayette Hill institution but here's a little known fact.  It's actually in neither of those jurisdictions but it's actually situated in the Springfield Panhandle. Oh well, it doesn't matter.  This classic malt shop and eatery is a great place to get nourished before or after a hike in the adjacent Vale of the Wissahickon .... or just go to for a downhome breakfast, lunch, dinner, or snack without the hike.  Indoors it looks just like a malt shop should (even with a juke box) but there's also outdoor seating overlooking the park.  All the sandwiches are good here.  I recently had a BLT on toasted rye and my friend had a chicken parm on Conshy roll.  Begin with a soup or salad, add in some cottage fries, and presto you have a tasty lunch.  And don't forget the flavorful malted milk shake!!  Hey, it's Bruno's!!I order the Father Casey Special minus the sauce... The first time it came out when I cut the roll on half the uncooked scrambled eggs came pouring out... After sending it back, it returned minus the cheese.  After asking the waitress (who was super apologetic during the whole process), I asked for them to just start over.  The cook did and it came out still undercooked, yet burnt, but the closest to edible.  Nothing was taken off our bill, not that I expected it, but after sending something back twice, even taking off the beverages would have gone a long way.  I'd advise going anywhere else for breakfast.... Even the trolley car... And that place is the worst.  
I felt so bad for our waitress.Salad and Garlic bread was better than 4 cheese macaroni and cheese which was watery for my taste.  Awesome staff and service though!Great little diner. The French Fries are unique and delicious. Sandwiches and salads are always fresh and tasty. Outdoor seating area is nice, but a little cluttered. 
Cons include no breakfast after 11 am and it could be a little cleaner.Cute restaurant. Delicious chocolate milkshakes, French fries, Greek salad, spinach salad with chicken and fettuccini Alfredo- all great. Cute atmosphere with outdoor seating.Came here for lunch today. Lovely atmosphere, but the food was not edible. My daughter and I both ordered cheeseburgers. Flavorless, but what was worse was the smell. Dirty dishwater. And there was a little bug in my salad. My son ordered the chicken parm, which also smelled like hot dirty dishwater and yet managed to be greasy. If you come here, get the frozen desserts which are from Bindi, an Italian company, and are all wrapped at the factory. This place is filthy.A reliably good place for a decent grilled cheese and bacon.  Also love the "Chestnut Hill" Hoagie-- one amazing sandwich (ask them to put some cole slaw into the sandwich as it can be a bit dry otherwise).  If you can, sit out on the enclosed patio-- a bit quieter and a nicer view.  If you want comfort food-- this is the place to go!My boyfriend suggested I go to Bruno's because it was a beautiful day and their outside seating is really great and they have the "lite" fair I was looking for. Well, at least he got the first part right. I came in by myself and the waitress handed me two menus... er-- "I'm by myself" I said. And the cook turned to me and said "so sorry! Here's the Inquirer!" As if it were the first time he'd ever seen a twenty-something eat by herself.
As soon as I opened the menu, I realized this was precisely not what I was looking for and I guess that's mostly my (boyfriend's) fault. I don't know if it's just me, but a beautiful summery lunch on a patio overlooking greenery and stables deserves something more than your average fried Philly repertoire... Large side salad with grilled chicken was the only thing I even considered, given the non-descriptive, limited options.
Salad came quick and was a simple bed of romaine topped with giant chunks of tomatoes and cucumbers, maybe five total pieces of shredded carrots and some slightly sketchy looking chicken. The romaine was fresh as were the cucumbers but the tomatoes were mealy and the chicken under seasoned. The balsamic dressing was pretty watery and if you told me that it was just vinegar, I'd believe you.. 
That being said, I bumped this up to three stars given the fact that I probably should have ordered a specialty fried-or-fattening-something and the service was pretty great. My waitress was very sweet and attentive. I also think the gorgeous weather helped move this one up too, although I don't think Bruno's had any control over that...
Oh and I guess it's worth mentioning that my meal came out to a nicely overpriced total of $11.94 for a tossed salad and a diet coke..I went to Chestnut Hill College, right across the street from Bruno's, and only went if we were really hungry. Since officially moving to this area, I've only been there a few times. The prices are pretty high for food that isn't that super. 
The only reason I'm giving it three stars is that they actually have pretty great milkshakes. Try a black & white. But food-wise....not so wonderful.Today I gave this place a second shot and they blew it!
I have lived in the area for over 5 years and suddenly remembered why we never go there. Cause the service is so shitty!!!!!!
The last time that Mark and I went in, we waited over 20 minutes for someone to acknowledge us before we walked out. When all the while a woman was too busy putting up Halloween decorations to even drop off a menu.
Today I went in with my cousin, and one of the line cooks (who is right within view and center stage) was yelling at one of the servers- and she gave it right back to him. This loudness continued for about 5 minutes before we walked out. Without ever being handed a menu AGAIN!!. 
C'mon Bruno's- get your act together. It's a shame. Based on location alone, you guys could have a killer business! You lose.
.I've come for brunch for quite some time.  Reliably good food and service.  Not amazing, but great for a bite to eat on the porch after a run or walk at the park.It's a casual come as you are place - cheap greasy food that also has some healthy meal options made quickly. I like the veggie chili and their fries are good. Very busy on Sunday and Saturdays during the summer as Valley Green Park is next door, so you might want to come a little off lunch and dinner hour. 
The service is hit or miss, but for a cheap diner meal, this is OK.
minus a star - break out the Mr. Clean please
minus a start - professionalism - yelling at your employees is NOT coolBruno's is one of those places that really isn't remarkable, but it isn't that bad. It's situated at Northwestern & Germantown Avenues, and is really the only restaurant nearby.
My friend and I go here occasionally after biking down on Forbidden Drive. While I wouldn't go out of the way to come, right after a bike ride it's fine. The food is decent, and usually very quick. Yesterday we got our food less than 10 minutes after ordering it. Their 'cottage fries' are pretty good, and I don't know of another place in the area that serves that style.
All in all, it's not a great place, but it's not bad. Usually my reviews are longer, but as I said before, this place is pretty unremarkable. Not the place you get excited for, but it does the job decently.Have know and work with Tim Bruno for decades, and when I get to town, this is my sandwich mecca
 Stagg is eager to make sure you have anything you need and Tim may stop by for some light conversation. Good people, exceptional food. I love this place.I have been going to Bruno's for as long as I can remember. And I have to say I am shocked by the bad reviews. That being said, If you are looking for a fancy little cafe, or a posh lunch spot, keep driving till you get to The Hill. Brunos is a wonderful little place with a diner like atmosphere and service. I have never been disappointed, the fries are always piping hot an served with delicious (real) Cheez Whiz! The burgers are yummy, the pork sandwiches are great and the milkshakes are awesome ( and enough for 2). Brunos is a destination as far as my family is concerned, and then you get to walk it all off in the shade of Valled Green.  Love this placeI do not understand how this place has such mediocre ratings. The food is great and the staff is friendly and they are great with kids. I recommend the chicken Cesar salad, BLT, burgers, chicken sandwiches are all great, and milkshakes are the best.I am  surprised the the poor reviews here.  I brought my kids to eat at Bruno's after a visit to the Morris Arboretum and I found nothing to complain about.  We got french  fries and turkey sandwiches, mostly, and there was nothing wrong with any of it.  The turkey in the sandwiches was real turkey, not pressed turkey roll.  The fries were crisp and hot.  The service was good; we came in beforehand and ordered sandwiches and coffee to go, and were served quickly; we came in after ward during the lunch rush and ate in and were served reasonably quickly again.  The prices were reasonable.
I would certainly come back if I were in the neighborhood.I have to give credit to the servers at Bruno's, the boss is not kind nor does he seem to be an easy person for whom to work. Most of the servers are extremely helpful and kind (superiorly so!), but there is at least one who seems to be taking the lead from her boss. I have been a loyal Bruno's customer for years despite occasional indigestion from the greasy (but usually yummy) food. Today was the last straw for me as I was given metallic, old-tasting food that I had the gumption to tell the staff was inedible. I was not offered an apology or another meal, but was given the full tab for a meal that I couldn't eat. In what seemed to be an act of retribution, the young, female server actually charged me extra for a portion of my dinner. I can't completely blame her as it seemed she was the brunt of all her bosses frustrations--when I had entered the restaurant he was publicly humiliating her. Servers: I know you can find a better boss, verbal abuse is never acceptable and you don't ever deserve to be treated that way. You're worth a better working environment.If you have to check out a cheap diner, then this is the place for you.
This place has a cozy, old school diner feel to it with an open view to the kitchen and the long bar table to slide those root beer floats across and small booths lining the walls and even an outdoor patio/deck area to eat but that's where the pleasantries are going to stop.
My sandwich came out half cold and half lukewarm. Not sure exactly how someone can make a sandwich half lukewarm and half cold. My mom and uncle thought their food was decent (only reason I'm giving this 2 stars).
Service was a bit slow even though they didn't have any customers and two of the waitresses were just sitting around chatting with each other. I asked for a water refill and it took them close to 5 minutes to get one refill and the second time I asked, they didn't even come by to give me a refill at all.
Overall, make better tasting food and improve your service and maybe I'll consider coming in again.
Parking: Very limited
Price: $8+ per person
Wait: NoneCan't say how many times i've driven by this place. Parking looked weird or some such and kept driving. Got a recomend the other day though and so i stopped in. Got to say it, just a really solid straight up burger fries and milk shake. I mean like stepping back in time or something. Nothing edgy. Just a really juicy burger and the shake with extra in the mixing tumbler on the side. Really thats all it takes sometimes people..Nice restaurant at a great location!  Love the patio, very relaxing.  Nice view of the Chestnut Hill College buildings and of the park/greenery.  Inside is really neat.  I love the tin ceiling and the diner feel.  The food was good, nice portion sizes.  The waitress was extremely nice and made sure everything was good.  Parking was easy to find since the park is across the street.  
It was a little overpriced, in my mind.  I think it was something like $6 for a shake and $8 for a junior cheesesteak (doesn't come with any sides).  I didn't see a kids menu but it is definitely a family friendly restaurant.  Loved they allow dogs to sit with their family (and provide water bowls).I have never been inspired to write an online restaurant review...until now. I have finally found my elusive Holy Grail: the worst meal I have eaten in 40 years of life. I didn't even know I was searching for it, but when it was served to me yesterday, I immediately recognized it. A masterpiece of awful. I was just sad it was in this particular restaurant, which, from the outside, had always intrigued me since its days as the Dew Drop Inn (get it? get it?). But this minor disappointment was just one of many I experienced during my first--and last--meal at Bruno's.
First, the praise: The coffee was drinkable, though after the meal we had I would not have been surprised had it been utter swill. And the server was friendly, though not particularly attentive, and disappeared for long stretches, though the place was fairly empty.
Now, the blame: How on earth can you screw up a turkey club? a TOSSED SALAD, for God's sake? How dare you serve such an awful cheesesteak, in Philadelphia of all places? And we're not even picky eaters. We'll eat at Applebee's and Houlihan's. We have eaten at nearby Sorrento's, which (at least on the night I went 10 years ago) served pretty terrible spaghetti. I will eat synthetic whipped cream on saltines, if there's nothing else at home, and find it reasonably palatable. But I can't imagine returning to choke down the dry-beyond-belief turkey in my sandwich or the gristly and congealed-looking meat in my companion's cheesesteak. (Did I mention the burned, almost charcoal-y bread on the club?)
If you wish to end up digging out lettuce and tomato in your sandwich with a fork in an attempt to forage for sustenance, by all means go to Bruno's. And if you get lost in Fairmount Park and finally emerge, delirious and starving, at the far end of the Wissahickon Trail a week later, with your taste buds killed off by burning thirst, we'll understand if you stumble into Bruno's. As for me, whose companion picked up the tab, the meal was not worth what I paid for it.We drive past here regularly, but the poor reviews were a turn-off. We only ended up going because there was a daily deal offer and we were curious. 
My partner and I arrived fairly late, after 8pm, tired and hungry after a long day, but thankfully not too picky. I went for the Bruno hoagie, which is just meat, meat, and more meat. Now that I check the menu again, there was supposed to be provolone on there as well, but I distinctly remember an absence of cheese. I had ordered the jumbo with the intention of taking half home, and the next day I actually added my own cheese and toasted the whole thing which made for a drastic improvement. My main gripe (apart from the overwhelming saltiness) was the cold cuts still had inedible plastic rind on them. 
My partner had a burger that was good. We shared some fries, which came out before the rest of the food for some reason. We were hungry so I can't complain. They were oddly not-quite-crinkle cut rounds, but okay. We also shared a chocolate malt shake, that was more cocoa-ey than normal, but also fine.
We really should have cut our losses at that point, but ended up ordering a creme brulee cheesecake that looked nothing like the photo and tasted nothing like the description. It was supposed to have a caramelized top, but there were just crumbles of something. It was supposed to be light and airy, but it was thick and creamy. I ended up eating most of it just because of my overwhelming love of cheesecake in all its forms, but my partner was very disappointed and ready to leave.
Apart from all that, the place looks kind of dull (at least at night), and the servers are chipper but not all that professional. So although I don't think we'll be back, nor would I recommend it, I'm glad we got to give Bruno's a try.The short order cook/manager is a moron.  This establishment is a horror show. I doubt that the serving staff is above 19 or 20 years old here. NO EXPERIENCE at all in a restaurant/diner. Debutants. Went in last Sat afternoon about 4pm with one table sitting in the place. Was after lunch and slow obviously. The manager if he was that said I could sit anywhere so I chose the atrium. Server was completely oblivious, head in the clouds. No menu, no acknowledgement, no drink offered. She bussed another table and was a total drone. I'd say she was 18 if that. I sat there a good 5 minutes, she never returned. When I went inside to state why I was leaving, loud rap music was playing all throughout the place as if you were at a red light on Broad & Diamond and a car was blasting out the so called hits. Unprofessional. It is not music that diners want to hear, but what he wanted to hear. He thought of himself and himself alone.The little girl server was sitting at the counter viewing her cell phone. Total disgrace of a business, and it is the fault of the owner who allows it to happen. His hiring criteria and standards stink.  He ought to be ashamed of himself. I continue to stress how pathetic service is in these northern suburbs. I have lived in Europe and different parts of the east coast, and Montgomery County ranks as the worst of the worst for service in dining. It is really bad. Makes one want to remain home and cook all the time. Perhaps the college kiddies in Chestnut Hill can deal.  I can't.  The place is also unsanitary and expensive. Bad decision on my part to try this dump.  An entrepreneur can't just hire anyone for the job. One has to know the industry , know the product, and take a job seriously even if one is in school with a side job.  DO YOUR JOBS !  People are putting $$$ in your pocket to support you and your family. Don't do it half ass.Bruno's is fine if you are looking for a burger / cheesesteak / hoagie kind of place.  My wife and I had a grilled chicken sandwich on a baguette with grilled red peppers, Swiss cheese and a good dollop of Dijon mustard... ok, maybe too much mustard.  My step-son had the cheese burger and loved it.  We also had 3 black & white milkshakes, but all of us felt like they could have used another scoop of ice cream, or another shot of chocolate syrup... something was missing.  Servers were good, attentive and quick.
The best things about Bruno's is the location - at the top end of Fairmount Park's Northwestern Ave. trail head to Forbidden Drive, and their outside dining patio.  The history of the place is pretty cool too - It's been there over 100 years.  There are old b&w pics of how the old trolley line used to terminate right outside the location, and more recent photos of the Wissahickon Valley area.When the staff knows what they are doing and it is a nice day out, this joint across from Chesnut Hill College will suffice for kids, and easy, cheap food.  It has so much potential given its cozy building and location. One time I waited 45 minutes for french fries for my niece, who then reported, Auntie, this place is for the birds! The queen has spoken.My family grew up in this area and told me great things but the service is really lacking. My friends and I went to get the milkshakes that we heard such great things about and the glasses they served them in were filthy. We overlooked it because we were there for a fundraiser but we told them at the end that the glasses were dirty just so they were aware and they said "oh yeah sorry" like it was something normal.This is my favorite lunch and breakfast spot, especially with kids.
Food and ambience and service are all great!I went to Bruno's for Sunday breakfast, and while the service was good, the food was lousy. The scrambled eggs had clearly been sitting on the grill for awhile and were kind of rubbery. The "home fries" were a few chunks of cubed potatoes that were nowhere near fried, and the coffee was more like coffee-colored water. I've been to Bruno's lots of times, and really like their steak sandwiches, fries, and milkshakes. But, STAY AWAY from breakfast.nice place  a little loud w buses/cars if you sit outside bc it's at a busy intersection.  street parking is easy to find.  nice waitstaff and tasty food.Basing this solely off of take out breakfast. Putrid Belgian waffle and pancakes. My wife claimed the eggs were "decent." 
The waffle and pancakes clearly came from the same mistake of a batter, which lacked flavor of any kind, as well as any airy texture. My 6 year-old son (who lives for Belgian waffles) took one taste and threw down his fork, exclaiming "ugh, this waffle is terrible. Nope not going to eat it." So I offered him my pacakes (which I had yet to try) and they elicited the same reaction. Tasted both myself; yup they both sucked.I'm not sure what was worse: the service, the food, or the reviews about the service and food we read AFTER we ate there. There were so many things about this place that were clear signals to leave before getting started. There was trash under the table, no one waited on us for 5 minutes despite being an empty room with 4 servers.
 We were really just in the mood for a milkshake and some cheesesteaks. After reading a lot of horrible reviews it appears Brunos doesn't disappoint. The cook still yells at the staff, the staff is as bad as advertised and the filth behind the counter is NOT exaggerated. 
My gf's pizza steak was slopped with sauce and the milkshakes were more milk than ice cream and cost over $5. 
So you can imagine our surprise when we racked up a $32 bill with our steaks shakes and frozen potato rounds called fries. 
For the rest of the day we are prepared to die from a dangerous bacteria infested stomach virus. I never thought that was medically possible but Bruno's has opened my my eyes to all new possibilities.Truly mixed feelings about this place. We've been going to Bruno's since our daughter was a baby. We still do go back, of course, and that's because the food, for what it is, is usually very good. I could eat a plate of their aglio y olio for breakfast. (Someone should tell the waitresses what it is, though ... I always have to point it out to them in the menu.) Their hoagies are terrific. Some really ambitious entrees for what is essentially a diner. Great old jukebox.
But ... other folks here have taken notice of the general dirtiness of the place, and that observation is right on target. There's a spot just to the right of he front door, right near the fire extinguisher, that looks like it has not been wiped down in 20 years. Layers of grime and dust. And the bathroom ... I'd choose a nearby tree first. I saw their most recent inspection online, and they seemed to come off OK. I'll never know how.
And then there is the issue of the yelling owner. We always try to eat outside because that guy just gives us indigestion. He's been like that forever. I'm stunned he hasn't burst a blood vessel by now. So, on balance, if someone from out of town asked me for a recommendation, I'd probably have to say: Go somewhere else.The Eutimio sandwich (chicken cutlet, spinach, roasted peppers, sharp provolone, and sauce) is hands down one of the best sandwichs in or around philly. I can't believe that word hasn't got around about it yet. Also, I am not a cheese wiz person but their wiz is slamminOrdered takeout, forgot half our order, and charged us for it. The bagel was as hard as a rock like it had been sitting out for an hour. So disappointed with this place will never order from this place again. It's not worth it!In a word, roaches. My sister, friend, and I went to Bruno's for breakfast. Right when our food came we saw a roach crawling on the floor. We also saw a roach crawl in our booth. It was so close it almost crawled on me!  We notified our waitress about this, and she was very apologetic, somewhat. She said in the 10 years that she's worked there, she never saw any roaches. The reason I say she was somewhat apologetic was because it was almost an implication that we brought the roaches into the restaurant. And to add insult to injury, she had only taken a portion of the bill off when in actuality we should not of been charged at all. We were too gracious about this and should have made a scene, but thought better of it. We will NEVER go there again and my next contact will be the public health department.I've been to Bruno's twice, and both times were ok. It's a great location and has outdoor seating, which is nice. Their food is pretty good too. However, their service just isn't the greatest. Their wait-staff seem to be very young, and last time I don't think our waitress even so much as cracked a smile. She looked miserable the whole time, which sort of brought down the whole experience.This place may want to change their menus and just stick with breakfast only. We tried their dinner menus and they are simply not good. Their breakfast menus are pretty darn good, but lunch and dinner menus are very questionable. Perhaps cleaner kitchen area would be nice. The kitchen could use some elbow grease and good scrubbing.This is one one favorite kid friendly restaurants in philly. The food is pretty good and the service is some of the best in the state!!! I love the location, right near the trails, fun place to go on a weekend or weekday alike. Prices are fair and there is always seats. It is a good place to sit and watch the world go by!!this place is okay, sadly went down hill. The food isn't what it used to be and not in love.I refuse to go to this place ever again!! I love the location, but that is it. Do yourself a favor and just go a mile or two down Germantown Ave and go somewhere with good food, friendly service, and a clean environment.  If you have children, stay away. The people who work there are tasteless and the food is about the quality of Subway. Go to McNally's or Chestnut 7. Kids eat free on Sundays at 7.Can't speak to other meals, but I had a quick, quality breakfast here recently. Eggs, Taylor pork roll cooked perfectly, tasty homefries (the chunky kind, rather than hash browns), and truly fantastic multigrain toast from Baker Street breads. Coffee was somewhat weak, but free-flowing. Service was friendly, and you can have a lovely walk in the Wissahickon right out the front door. Can't ask for more than that.I have been going to Bruno's off and on for over 20 years and up until the past couple of years have found the food good and the place enjoyable. But my last 2 times there were so disappointing I will not be going back. There are still good things to say about the place. The location is adorable, the waitstaff is always very friendly, and the prices are reasonable. But the food - stinks. I ordered a cheesesteak hoagie. I have lived in or near Philly my whole life. I have not only eaten out 100's of chesesteaks of all kinds, but I also make them myself. I asked for fried onions instead of raw, I got no onions. The hoagie was assembled backwards. One the roll was first lettuce, then tomato, then unmelted cheese, then the meat on top. No onions - no flavor. Dry flavorless meat. Unmelted cheese. The roll was good. My husband ordered the pepper and egg sandwich and he asked for onions on it too. We assumed the onions would be sauted in with the peppers - no - the cook made the sandwich with a handful of jarred pickled peppers and then raw onions added on top. Where did this cook learn to cook? My sense is that he is not a cook at all. We hadn't eaten at Bruno's for about a year before this visit, and after eating here this time, I remembered that I had exactly the same problem with my cheesesteak hoagie last time, and once again had to ask for some onions. Note to the so-called cook: to make a cheesesteak hoagie with fried onions - you saute the meat with onions, place the cheese on top and let it melt, then scoop the whole thing up with a spatula and lay it on the roll, then add shredded lettuce, sliced tomato and if not using sauted onions you would then add raw onions on top. Sprinkle the top with a little olive oil, salt and pepper (I also add garlic powder and crushed red pepper). To make a pepper and egg sandwich with onions - saute fresh sliced green (and red) bell pepers and sliced onions, add the scrambled eggs, salt & pepper, place in hoagie roll.Always been a good spot for breakfast and lunch, especially after hiking the Wissahickon.  Our meal would have been entirely more enjoyable if not for the owner/cook's incessant yelling at the poor girls trying their best to accommodate the Sunday morning rush. After reading multiple previous reviews, I'm left to think maybe that's why some reviewers felt like the staff "didn't want to be there"Stopped in for my first time, with my Sister. To my surprise the place was filled which is always a good sign. I ordered several things, as to try different things they have available on their menu.  I was blown away by the Sandwich or hoagie called the Bruno.  I also ordered their wings, which left me nostalgic to what I am used getting from a place in bucks county, and last but not least i had a ham and cheese omelet.  The staff was simply amazing from beginning to end. I suggest you stop in and check this establishment out you will not be disappointed.Really needs to be CLEANED!  The owner screams and yells at the waitesses in front  of the customers.....  Food is okay, not great but I worry because it is just so so dirtyThis was our third visit to Bruno's, and we have had great experiences here. It's worthy of a much higher overall Yelp review, in my opinion. Hoagies have been great (tuna, Jewish), chicken cheesesteak, and tortellini with pesto. Lots of food for not a lot of money. Also I love their patio and we have always had good service. It's a casual place, nothing fancy, but totally worth it.For twenty years I've had one or two meals here each year. Recently went for dinner at 6 on a Saturday night. Ordered soups and both came in small bowls about 2/3s full and barely warm. If that weren't enough they were mostly broth. Husband ordered a mushroom cheeseburger and assumed it came with chips or fries and included the usual pickle, tomato and lettuce. It did not. In fact no ketchup on the table and the waiter never came by to ask if we needed anything. I got soup because I wanted desert. Waiter came by finally and left the check before asking about desert. At that point disgusted I paid $20 for a burger, very small soda and two soups. Very expensive for a diner. If the soup was twice the size and heartier as well as fixings for the burger maybe $20 would justify itself. Not sure what happened to Bruno's but we won't be back. Terrible service, expensive and way below average portions.Had breakfast here last Sunday. The teenage waitress seemed like she didn't want to be there. The tables were not equipped for breakfast service...not one spoon to be found (not just our table). We all stirred coffee with butter knives, which was good because there was no butter to be had. The food was average. Next time, we will stick with Zeke's.The service was adequate. The food was just OK. The outside seating is nice but loud because of the traffic on Germantown Pike. The location is a block from Wissahickon Creek Fairmount Park. They charge a 4% Customer Service Fee for anyone using any kind of credit card. It is not well advertised.Ordered the spinach salad with chicken.  It was fine, but I asked to add egg to the salad.  The waitress came back and said that the chef gave her a hard time about adding the egg. I was willing to pay for the addition, but apparently this was not the issue.  Just odd.I ate at Bruno's today with my husband and the friend who recommended it, and it was pretty good.
The service was decent, the ambiance was what a diner should be, and I enjoyed the food.  As a pregnant person, it was nice that they had real meat on the sandwiches, and not deli stuff.  I got a turkey sandwich that was very satisfying.  My friend who took us there has pretty high expectations when it comes to food, so I knew it would be an OK place to eat.  
It was rainy today, so I can't wait to go back and eat on the patio or try the affiliated ice cream place next door!I love coming here for lunch. I always enjoy my meal - either get a sandwich, wrap, salad or chicken cheesesteak. My family and I have come for breakfast a few times too and its good - nothing fancy, just standard breakfast food done well. My friend says their dinner entrees are good too. Love sitting outside on the porch on a nice day. And we love bringing the dogs here too!