I love everything about this place. It's like a time capsule. The decor is perfectly corner diner from the 70's. Every member of the staff is super nice. The food comes quick and is delicious. Great prices. A gem.This corner luncheonette appears to be a cross between a dive bar and a greasy spoon diner. Friendly service, cheap eats, no-nonsense atmosphere. And they appear to cook all of the breakfast items in a puddle of butter on the grill. The food is simple, tasty and satisfying.Fantastic!!!! Owners were super friendly!! It was clean and comfortable.
Plus all their dogs are rescue dogs!!  Gotta love thatThe service was good and my breakfast sandwich was quite nice.  I appreciate the pride they took in its preparation. Excellent portion size for the price too. 
The 5th star is for having breakfast deliveries. I look forward to my next struggling Sunday morning and the phone call I'll have to make to Brunic's for a rescue.Excellent service and food!!! Will definitely go again!  People and environment is great. Its family owned!!Excellent service and food!!! Will definitely go again!  People and environment is great. Its family ownedI was there for the first time, ordered, coffee, and western omelette without cheese but added mushroom. The portion of food was huge for me. Omelette was very home taste.  I wish they will refill my coffee for free. The price is very right, I paid under $10 for the meal. I will be back for others, particularly french toast and pancakes.Cozy, 4 table, 10 seat luncheonette, very clean, long in tradition and in service.  Staff is completely cordial.  I had the ham/cheese omelette with toast and home fries, regular coffee  $7.75.  I was in around 8am, and the place was starting to fill up some an hour later.  Good unpretentious diner experience.Nice neighborhood place in south Philly. 
I've only had breakfast here, but it was pretty good. The home fries are deep fried but weren't overly greasy. Omelets are nicely cooked and the coffee is good. 
It's probably an average breakfast, closer to 3 stars, but I bumped it to 4 because the people working there were great. Everyone was very nice and accommodating. They were very easy to engage in conversation  and really friendly. Several customers came in while I was there, I really get the feeling that there are many regulars and the employees know them all by name. That's a great thing in a place like that.Love this old school spot. This is the best place for take out breakfast. Everything is consistently tasty and everyone that works there is very friendly.Food's very good here.   I ended up ordering a steak and eggs sandwich and it was very delicious!I order grilled cheese with tomato oh man it really good and tasty   
The price 3.75 awesome 
Definitely go again
Small place , but been there for long time
43 rd years in business'sThis is a great corner breakfast spot.  Local, friendly, greasy, cheap.  Generous portions.  Large variety of breads to choose from for breakfast sandwiches.  Sit at the counter of maybe 10 stools, or sit at three 4-top tables.
This is breakfast definitely done right.  I'll be back.The food is good here and reasonably priced but this review is more about the place.
South Philly at its best. Not just the location...but the people who work and patronize Brunics. The lady taking phone orders knew just about every customer by name and didn't even ask for a delivery address...they really know the neighborhood and their customers. 
I think I could sit at the counter for hours and observe the comings and goings at this one of a kind establishment.I think they're different owners from when I was a kid.  But the food is still quick and tasty!  They'll deliver as well but I like to sit at the counter and watch TV / bullshit with customers.Great breakfast food. They have tons of great breakfast selection. Just make sure you order at the right time or you could be waiting awhile for your food.Place an order for a cheeseburger. Told them no onions so I received just that, no lettuce pickles or tomatoes. $4.25 WHAT A RIP OFF!!  called back to Express my misfortune,  just got a run around said that the customer was to express what exactly they wanted on the burger. Management didn't want to accommodate me after the call... Stay away from this so call business.This is a great breakfast joint. Very clean, food is delicious and staff is super friendly.I wish someone would have warned me that this was a creepy hole in the wall and not a "brunch" spot.  
In NY when you hear brunch it's usually young hip trendy CLEAN maybe? 
This place is everything but
Food is subpar even the OJ was watered down. 
You have been warnedNice lil mom and pop shop ( dinner )
 Nice workers always smiling 6 am in mourning .When I'm half asleep there wide awake greeting you .  Good breakfast place ! Lil hole in the wall looks dirty but its originalOne of the places my uncle would take me to years ago growing up, and still a place today that I enjoy to order from today! Great food, fast service, and welcoming staff!  From French toast to omelets, this place always makes tasty breakfast!Aside from the fact that the food here is awesome, the service is great. Hands down they 
 make the BEST bacon, lettuce and tomato club. The delivery is always quick.Brunics has absolutely amazing food. I have tried a variety of items off the menu and I have never had a bad meal. The wait time can be very long in the weekends and that can be a turnoff. The building is also pretty small so if it is crowded you feel like you get it the way of everyone else. Overall this place has awesome food and a very friendly staff. I would recommend if you are in the South Philadelphia area.The food is what you'd expect from a neighborhood place. The staff is very kind and gracious and the service is quick which I appreciate when I'm at the mercy of septa to get to work. I wouldn't say I'm partial to any one particular thing but I've had breakfast and lunch there and the food is always been very very goodMy buddy sent me out here for some breakfast sandwiches yesterday. They got a handful of Bacon egg & cheeses which I need to try next time. They put the Bacon on the grill and then pour the eggs over them and toss it all in the roll in one piece. I had the sausage egg and cheese on a long roll, i only finished it today because i also had an order of incredible french toast which I definitely need to order with Bacon next time.
The only thing that could possibly make this place better is actual real maple syrup from somewhere north of the 42nd parallel. This place is in my bookmarks for good.The food is good and very affordable.  Only takes cash, but also have Grubhub delivery if you're wanting to stay home.  Very mom and pop type place, but well worth it!Quick service. The food was delicious. This place has become a Saturday morning tradition for my partner and I. The prices are really great, especially when compared to the excellent quality. Also, if you like scrapple, it's amazing.Delicious breakfast in south Philly . Super simple sandwiches, decent coffee, and good breakfast specials. I had a bacon egg and cheese sandwich which was great and not greasy. My girlfriend had a sausage sandwich which she seemed to love.Very interesting breakfast spot. Like a previous reviewer stated, this place sort of resembles a dive bar that serves breakfast. Extremely friendly staff who genuinely seem to care about your order. As far as the food goes, the omelettes are my favorite. On weekends, they serve creamed chipped beef, but their take on the dish did not impress me.Don't let this slide up from the outside fool you.   The place is what it is, a neighborhood family friendly restaurant. The food I must say for the price is incredible in the way of portions and qualityI was surprised that this place has such high rating.  First of all, the price is expensive for the types of food they serve and there are other better breakfast places in the neighborhood.  I went here because I was too hungry to go elsewhere.  It was a disappointing experience--the fries were not good and the omelet I got was just normal, nothing spectacular.I am addicted to scrapple. 
Is it really the remains of the pig after hot dogs have been made?  Yes. 
Is it supposed to look like grey play-doh on the inside and a crisp turd on the outside? Yup. 
Is it a regional food that I think is over-the-moon delicious ? Absolutely. 
And as a Philadelphian I am familiar with our local diners  and most are stingy with their scrapple. Not  Brunics. The give me a healthy serving of scrapple goodness.
Brunics is a greasy spoon that serves the neighborhood for breakfast and lunch. A family owned establishment, the owners are nice , but still have a no-nonsense South Philadelphia edge to them. If you not familiar with this sort of establishment, then you may be put off  by the service or the salty language. 
The food is coked in a pool of butter. Vegans, like an ancient vampire exposed to the suns deadly rays, would hiss and turn to ashes the minute they inhaled the buttery deliciousness of the air, which is fine by me. 
They aren't expensive and the portions are huge. The place is a bit tight when they are busy. My biggest qualm is that the vulgar language is a bit much. I may be a prude, but sometimes we don't have to hear the f-word three times in the same sentence.Food is great, but guys at the refinery in south philly like wraps, and they do not have them, plus not having the option to use a credit card, causes us to go elsewhere sometimes.I didn't like the food I received this morning...
Home fries were undercooked, omelette looked suspect (came without cheese) + the portion wasn't worth the price, and the only thing that tasted somewhat good was the coffee. . 
I would've called and asked for a refund but wasn't up for arguing, plus I had positive experiences w/ the restaurant in the past.awesome food! fast delivery and the people are very nice. i have been ordering here for years.I've driven past Brunics quite a few times and finally got around to ordering delivery from them this morning. The order was delivered super fast. The breakfast platter came out nicely. The orange juice was delicious but the French toast was thee best I've ever had! So good! Every bite made me feel like I was at the beach! ‍ I'd highly recommend ordering French toast from Brunics.Brunic's is my go to spot breakfast. They're delivery is always lightening fast and the food is amazing value for the cost.This my new go to breakfast spot.My girlfriend ordered delivery from here, it was definitely not 4 star worthy. They use breakfast kielbasa as sausage- it's not good and they don't put a lot of meat on the sandwich. Her pork roll sandwich had 2 pieces of pork roll for an entire long roll. Home fries were decent but would never order again.What reminded me of a Waffle House: South Philly Edition! If you have yet to try scrapple, make this the first place you taste it. Big fan. Real sp vibe inside. Roll was good, hot chocolate was clutch, and scrapple I could stomach.Old school Philadelphia Luncheonette. They were really busy. I can see why. The food is excellent and very inexpensive. The service was south philly fun! Fries were great super crispy without salt. Friend had French toast, I had steak egg and cheese. Went before the Phillys game.Brunics South Philly a nice little Breakfast and Lunch Oasis on 17th Street. I'm glad the locals know about it because I would have walked right by it.  The building was kind of dark.  They have a counter and tables but were doing a lot of delivery.  Good standard cheesesteak, nice little place. According to the menu you can get a Cheesesteak at 6 a.m. and breakfast all day.Horrible customer service! I ordered from them via Grubhub and the food was left on the porch without a call or knock. We realized part of our order was missing so we called back and got yelled at by the owner...he accused us of lying as opposed to apologizing and offering a refund or re-order. I didn't feel like continuing with him so I hung up and decided to just let the public know how rude and ignorant he was.I ordered a egg sandwich and as I was waiting I saw the cook not wearing gloves. He was handling the food and going back and forth to the cash register. It was absolutely disgusting!!! The cook did this several times and also saw him rubbing his nose then grab a handful of bacon and put it on a sandwich. This place should be shut down.Everything was good except for those undercooked home fries -- maybe, it's just me.  Anyway, I will definitely order from them again.Awesome place with excellent food, and the people were great!  Prices were very reasonable. Will be back again.Not quite sure where to begin.  You have to put your "South Philly big boy pants on" to eat here!  I also recommend taking your Ritalin before ordering because this place is ADD busy and the waitresses are cooking, cleaning, and kabitzing all at the same time.  I ordered an omelette "with ham and cheese" and my waitress said, "Wait a minute!  Wait a minute!  So you want a ham and cheese omelette?!!"  I think she thought I was meshuga or trying to be a jerk.  Nope, just wanted an omelette with ham and cheese.  The cook is talking political smack with the customers and the phone is ringing off the hook with crazy orders like "coffee with 6 sugars and toast with extra butter!"  My arteries began to scream just listening to what people wanted for take out!  But I digress.  What about the food?  Pretty good.  The ham in my omelette was shaved Italian ham.  Awesome!  Cheese melted perfectly and wasn't just processed, salty, junk.  Home fries were crispy and warm.  The omelette was over cooked a bit, toast cold and and coffee-meh.  OJ-tasted bottled but may have been fresh.  Some of the lunch offerings sounded odd.  For example today's special was a "flounder club with pepper jack cheese".  Are you kidding me?  This place was cheap and fast but kind of agree, it is like a dive bar that serves food.Decent cheese steak.  It's more of a breakfast place, but the menu was decently sized with a few hot sandwiches.  
Friendly staff. 
Cash only!Simply the best breakfast and lunch in the area.
The scrapple bites are amazing the French toast just amazing pancakes very good will be back.Breakfast is alright. Regular food. Cinnamon toast sticks are good though. The sticky bun wasn't bad.Hey Philly,  I just left a tip review for my New found Hidden Gem in South Philly. Hands Down Brunics!!! Great cook to order food, hospitality and prices. Definitely a place I will always return to.!!!!! Don't pass this great place by!!!! RHYo Adrian!!
We all were sure that Rocky was going to win that first bout with Apollo.  He trained on the streets of Philadelphia ... he had everyone watching thinking he's gonna win but the count went against him even though he was the champ!
This visit had all the markings of a FOUR STAR rating ... but a left hook lowered it to the THREE STARS noted above ... not too shabby and a good eating experience but read on so you can discover the reasoning.
We are in South Philly, which to the initiated means you have entered a world where parking and obeying traffic signage is an afterthought.  It is not easy to navigate the streets Rocky trained on ... they are narrow with one ways showing up out of nowhere plus the parking ... oh to find a place to squeeze your Lexus in can take hours.  Those realities pull a star off of this classic city corner luncheonette's rating since many of you don't want to take on Rocky just to sit down to have breakfast or lunch.
That reality kept the four stars from this review that the eatery itself deserves because if getting there is a 15 round battle ... most of us will be worn down before awaiting the judges' decision.
But, if you get to this South Philly corner joint and walk in through Brunic's front door I guarantee that you will be treated like family!  Lots of love talk abounds in these tight quarters.  Dan working behind the register is also the grill man but he has tales of this very busy and very popular location that once summer is over becomes an all nighter for those pulling all night activities into their schedules.
Brunic's is not designed for a big gathering of the family.  There are eight counter stools two with backs (I almost sat down in one but opted for a table with a view ... of the restaurant.) and three tables set for four each.  
That's it ... city street corner eating simplicity and I haven't been called "sweetie" and "love" this many times over a meal in years (I thought Marlene might be hitting on me but then she shared the love with all of her other customers.).
The menu has prices that will make you smile all day long!   Lots of great breakfast choices and sandwiches galore for lunch time ... I have a feeling their Philly Cheesesteak rocks!!!
I asked my waitress, the lovely Marlene, for the breakfast fav...she started a never ending list but with my arm around her I ask, "sweetie, what is your best seller?" She said the French Toast with a side of meat ... not the "new" sour dough but the classic.  Get the grill goin' and add some spicy Italian sausage my breakfast is ready to be put together.
She smiles ... "you like powdered sugar love?"  You bet!! Bring it on!
So, in all its simplicity I get a nice plate of sugary cinnamon flavored toast right off the griddle with a nice big slab of sausage.  Brunic's isn't fancy ... it's not chef designed in a lab ... its good food in a classic corner spot where the radio noise and happy voices fill the air while the Tastycakes tease on the counter, and you know you will walk out feeling good.
Time to battle the cars with many dents speeding through signs that say stop but yo this is South Philly ... get over it!
THINK FOUR STARS if you don't mind the journey to this corner in South Philly ... more than likely you'll find a way back because Dan will be smiling and Marlene will be sweet talking you!Great breakfast sandwich, friendly service. I went in person to order outside and the delivery driver even checked to make sure I was taken care of before he left with his deliveries. Got a pork roll egg and cheese on a Kaiser, the roll was perfect and the pork roll was cooked perfectly- a little crispy on each side.Imagine your favorite dive bar, but for breakfast. Delicious, greasy, cheap, awesome breakfast!
Brunic's serves up fast and tasty breakfast along as well as lunch just off of Passyunk Ave in South Philly. The prices are great, the staff is friendly as you can imagine. Grab a table with some friends or sit at the counter to watch them whip up a hearty omelette with a heaping pile of home fries! I highly recommend the western omelette.Ive passed by here almost every day for thee years and finally I experienced it.
This place is a timewarped hole in the wall luncheonette.
The walls are decked in yellow, orange and brown paneling.  The grill is in your face, the china  looks like it was stolen from the Barbie mansion in 1966. South Philly characters and sterotypes fill the bar stools. This place will win no awards for ambiance but it doesnt seem to give a S#!t
The food is classic working mans diner fare, The menu is set on plastic moveable type above the sandwich making station.  Everyone in the place runs around in a way that can only be described as mechanized chaos. 
In the short time it took us to get our omelettes we saw abut 15 people pick up  HUGE takeout orders and 4 delivery people scurry around to get the orders out the door.  Impressive considering only 1 person is working the grill!
The food was good, home fries hot crispy and browned! Omelettes well cooked and chock full of cheese and veggies.
Two omelettes, toast, homefries,  sausage and coffee for less than $12.00This is breakfast... south Philadelphia , neighborhood, filled up for under $10 dollars and also satisfied. One of my buddies from the neighborhood told me about this spot when I move to south Philly and I am forever grateful. I have eaten here countless times and as much as I wish I could say I have tried everything I am heavily addicted to their Hot Italian sausage egg and cheese on a long roll (LONG ROLL very important do not forget.) also their scrapple is cooked perfect. The way they cook and season their eggs for sandwiches is unreal it's like a egg blanket that wraps around the sausage like a savory fluffy Cocoon... yes I went there. Every time I am in south Philly or stay at a friends I stop by or get it DELIVERED. Yes... delivered . Breakfast delivered to your home is one of the best inventions ever... and you don't have to lose your parking spot. Probably the best breakfast sandwich in Philadelphia and so simple.I'm done with place i had soooo much hair in my food and called to inform them and they got real defensive and I didn't want my money back it was just a heads up. Very rude to me smh I wish negative 1000 stars was an option. They really fell off. Highly DO NOT RECOMMEND L and I needs to be informed as well smh