Have been here many times. Continues to be a favorite of mine and my family's. Strongly recommend the edamame raviolis.I had come here for lunch with a girlfriend, and the duck I had ordered was one of the best ducks i had ever eaten. After raving about this place all week my fiancee and I decided to try it for dinner. It was even better at dinner I was very impressed and it was one of our best date nights. I can't believe this place is a "chain" its bar none above the rest. GO its a must try, have the duck or the wasabi filet and make sure to start with the tuna pizza, its amazing.My boyfriend and i went in early for our reservation. The friendly hostesses sat us right away.  Service was up there, fine dining at its best. The managers were on the floor assisting, I wish i could've gotten his name. Tall dark and slim man. Very polite and checked on us twice, he even assisted with clearing our table. Very impressed. The waitress and service help were always on the move, and very attentive to all of the tables in the section. We ordered the spicy rock shrimp with bao buns and it was my God delicious, highly recommend. Came out perfect temp. The black pepper beef tasted good, seasoned well, but came out room temperature. The beef fried rice lacked seasoning so we used the sauce from the other dish to improve the taste. It also came out room temperature. The restaurant was full house, and not sure the kitchen was able to handle the volume. We were too tired to address it at the time and so we ate the semi warm dinner. Felt bad as the whole staff was on the move to serve. Perhaps try to dine their off peak hours to get the best quality. We went in at 6pm.When I can afford to go to Buddakan, I will go. It's one of Steven Starr's more upscale restaurants, and it's bastardized, fancy Asian dishes.
Don't miss the martini that's full of cilantro. It's called the Bonsai. Bizarre yet amazing.
Hands down, the best appetizer here is the edamame ravioli. My first thought about it, the first time I had it, was that it tasted like Christmas cookies. Then a friend of mine said that something so delicious could only be full of the Dalai Lama's jizz. Decide for yourself.Where do I start? Nothing but good things to say about this place.  I'm not really a huge fan of eating at expensive places bc they tend to attract the snotty type in both the patrons as well as the staff.  I also usually end up spending a fortune and leave still hungry.  This place was the exact opposite.  The staff was super friendly and down to earth.  The food which is obviously what I pay most attention to was incredible.  The edimame ravioli is an absolute must. The beef kimchee fried rice was amazing.  The duck was super tender and the pairing of it with the cornbread was unexpected but "to die for."  And the miso cod was extremely flavorful and definitely my favorite.  In a world of rare 5 star ratings (for me), Buddakan definitely earned all 5 of theirs.I am giving my experience at Buddakan a 3 because, sadly, the server ruined the experience.
I came in for lunch last Friday and ordered from the Restaurant Week menu. I have eaten at Buddakan plenty of times, I am a huge Starr fan and I love the dishes here. The food on Friday did not disappoint. I had the edamame ravioli (to die for!), the vegetable fried rice and the Thai chicken salad. My dessert was a heavenly chocolate lava cake with mango... no words to describe it. It was incredible. 
Our server Shawn on the other hand, was not so incredible. He was short, not very friendly, and would walk away in the middle of us asking for something. At the end, we had to split the check and he walked away from me as I was explaining what I needed him to put on my card. Sure enough, when he came back, the wrong amount got put on it. 
There is no excuse for being ignorant to customers when you are in the customer service industry. Such a shame that an establishment as renown as Buddakan would keep rude servers on staff.It was everything I hoped it would be- I've been to the other two locations and actually think this one is the best! It's the original buddakan and maybe as a function of it not being too crowded, I really enjoyed myself here. It was spacious (the AC one is very cramped) and not too noisy, and the setup was simply beautiful.
We had:
pan-seared sea bass- my favorite seafood dish ever
black pepper beef - just okay
dim sum sampler - good
edamame ravioli - awesome
monkfish - I felt it was just good, but my bf LOVED it
dungeness crab sticky rice - awesome
eggplant - yummy, typical chinese eggplant dish
green peach tea soda - super yummy
mango lassi - not as much so, kind of artificial tasting
The service was great- I've noticed that the servers at all 3 locations try to act airy and cool, but it's kind of funny because it makes them sound like children playing at being businessmen or something. I enjoy the show though :)Buddakan never disappoints! Beautiful venue, delicious food and friendly waitstaff. Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls are the best appetizer!Had an early birthday dinner here last night - unbelievable! We ordered everything we desired and everything was great, although one dish really stood out - edamame ravioli! It sounds weird but it was delicious! The cocktails were also good, and when we requested a coffee drink at the end of the meal, they whipped up something for us that was not on the menu. It was the perfect pairing to the decadent bento box of desserts. Staff was super nice to us. Decor of the place is a little 90s, but well maintained.My family and I just went here this past Saturday and the food was amazing! Strongly recommend trying this... very similar to Sampan!  Danielle was our server and she was fabulous!  :)Buddakan is in old town Philly close to the museum housing the historic Liberty Bell. We parked down the street opposite the restaurant but had nightmare of a time trying to pay for parking at the meters on the street that kept rejecting cash and all varieties of cards!
Given the size of our group, the crowd already inside and not wanting to wait in line, we decided to sit at the center "community" tables. However, that some of the high chairs at the center table were quite wobbly was a "no no".
Once you get over the disproportionate Buddha statue staring at you, the head being disproportionately small compared to the body, you have to adjust to the relative darkness and try to read the menu using the little candle-in-a-glass without spilling wax on your hands! 
Nevertheless. the food here was quite good and the service slow but friendly. We all ordered different appetizers, en trees and desserts which we then proceeded to share voluntarily or otherwise. For me, the Buddakan style Sashimi, Asian Barbecue Pork and Milk Chocolate Caramel Tart were the best appetizer, en tree and dessert respectively.
The cocktails were good too - I particularly liked the taste of Harmony (containing ginger, lime and vodka), while my cousin tried Guilt, which was what she felt after her first alcoholic beverage (wink).
Overall good food and a wonderful extended family dinner with lots to talk about after.
Docked a star for the disproportionate statue, bad lighting and wobbly chairs.Very good, but not great. Honestly, I enjoyed Sampan much more, and it is about half the price. Probably won't be returning again.I'll be a regular...even if it is just for an order of the edamame dumplings. After finishing the first order, we had another. The Chilean Sea Bass is the best I've had. Extremely tender, and the sauce it came in was outstanding. The service was top notch, too (Thank you, Christine!!). Enjoyed the zen atmosphere and didn't break the bank!Ever since I have been going to Philly for work, I always had to stop at Buddakan for dinner. What a treat! Buddakan has a great atmosphere and some interesting twist of old Chinese food favorites. I always had the pork fried rice. It is served differently bc it comes with a sunny-side egg on it. You basically mix the rice with the egg, while it is still hot, making a fresh tasting dinner. Yum! And to top off the night I had the dumplings dessert. It is kind of like really good donut holes served fresh with three dipping sauces. Great food and great staff make this an awesome place to be in.I only had a shrimp & chicken spring roll and donuts from here. The donuts were great of course. The spring roll- meh. I was really hoping for the charred broccoli, but they apparently don't sell it anymore- it was listed on their website. The ambience is very cool and the service was great. The flavors I experienced just weren't my thing.Pretty good food 
The Deer beer can sneak up you.  Good pork fly liyce.
Nice atmosphereLove this restaurant! Great ambiance and excellent service. My fav dishes are the lamb chops and wasabi mash. The fried rice is also delish. Great drinks. I love both locations of Center City and Atlantic City. Both are very swanky and remind me of being in NY. One of my top 3 fav restaurants.I liked it very much. Frat calamari salad and sea bass dinner. Service was outstanding. I think we had our credit card number stolen here.*MUCH later Yelp for 06/2011* Ooops!
I ate here 2 1/2 years ago and haven't been back yet (not that I haven't wanted to go, but this isn't exactly the cheapest place around lol), so this review may be a little dated. Not really sure why it took me so long to write this, because I always rave about this place! 
Ambiance is great here..low lights and high energy, but somehow still romantic. It was abuzz with people, even though our reservation was for about 6:30p. I don't remember much about the service, which means it must've been satisfactory, b/c I'm SURE I would remember if it wasn't. 
Now for the food! For appetizers, I can only remember ordering dim sum- the edamame dumplings, although I think we may have also tried the snow crab rolls. In any case, the dumplings were delicious. The edamame was so creamy and perfectly seasoned. For entrees, we all ordered one and shared with the table- Grilled Lamb Chops, Sweet & Spicy Shrimp & Scallion Chicken, with a dish of the Lobster Fried Rice. Everything was excellent, especially the shrimp and lamb chops. For dessert, I had their "famous" Dip Sum Doughnuts. They were good & I found the sauces went nicely. 
I can't wait to get back here! Yum!It was my first time going to Buddakan with my girl, not that I have been there before -_-.
The Place was great.  The lights, the decorations, the huge Buddha was indefinably interesting and unique. The bartenders, hosts, and waiters where very pleasant and friendly. I thought   they were even watching me eat because every time my plate was cleared by the time I put the fork on it someone was taking the plate from me(serious face)...anyway...
The appetizer was delicious.  we had the Scallops spring rolls (STOP) not enough food for starters. Then we had the Sea bass which it was amazing it melt in my mouth (good stuff) The waitress mention that we had to order sides because they didn't came with the food. It makes me wonder who the hell just order fish and no sides.  -_- (scam artist) She also said the sides where good enough for 2 people (two people on a diet may be) My girl wanted to eat the whole thing but she was trying to be nice to me (I love you baby)lol
Overall, it was good, not so crazy about it. I think I'll come back again but it is a little over price for my taste.First, I had high hopes for this place due to it being a Steven Starr restaurant. 
What we ordered for 4 people
1. Large Fried Calamari Salad: "for only $3 more you get a large!" The portion was very big. The salad was good, but a little on the saltier side.
2. Tuna Pizza: we ordered this because the waitress raves about it. The tuna "carpaccio" was a bunch of mushy/grounded up tuna 
 of sweet bread. Yuck. 
3. Sea Bass: I highly recommend but it was over priced.
4. Cashew Chicken: good, but I could have passed on this dish. Nothing yelled out "wow"-this dish came with white rice that was very very dry!
5. Peppered beef: came out rare, sent it back, the beef was too salty
Overall, I'm not dying to come back! Steven Starr you disappointed me!If I could give 3.5 stars, this would be what it was.
Beautiful dimly lit restaurant with awesome ambiance. One bar at the ground level and another on the mezzanine. Service was phenomenal, fast refills on drinks and clean presentation with food. 
The food itself was OK. Best way I could describe everything was Americanized Chinese food: overly sweet and oily. Obviously this is Asian fusion, which is more forgiving than marketing it as Chinese food. We came here for restaurant week. Had the beef scallion pancake, shrimp springrolls, jumbo shrimp, beef chow fun, mango cheesecake, and doughnuts. The quality and taste was definitely similar to Panda Express, though presentation was pretty. There just simply is not a "wow factor" despite the price that you can pay potentially for each entree.    
Random tid bit: Server said that some of the chairs have faces on them because they are portraits of the owner's close friends.I love this restaurant. I have been eating here for years and it is always amazing. Whether you go during restaurant week or regular times the food is always amazing which you cannot say of many restaurants. Great atmosphere as well. Only downside is sometimes during restaurant week or the weekends the bathrooms are not well kept.My work invited me here for dinner, and after seeing the crowds at the location in AC, I knew that I wouldn't be disappointed.
The drinks were creative and delicious, and I got Joy, which was orange smirnoff, reisling, and lime juice, I think? Regardless, it was delightful and I had a few of those!
The appetizers were gorgeous and everything I tried tasted good. The aged Angus steak was one of the best steaks I had ever tasted, but the szechuan fries weren't pleasant thanks to what tasted like a horseradish drizzling.
All in all, the food was tasty and the service was extremely attentive, but this place is too expensive for me to visit on my own tab.I came here for my friends birthday a few nights ago and was delighted by the 'Starr' experience!  I say that because, so far, all i've heard is that this man creates an experience that is unmatched almost wholly due to the unbeatable service.  We were a bit let down because my party of 4 had issues with reservation (they told us 8 and when we arrived they said it was for 8:30).  Instead my friends and i went to the bar and had a drink.  I had 'the dream' which was indeed that (especially after a long day at work and the desire to get a bit tipsy from the start).  We waited the half hour but were happy to see that the hostess found us at the bar with a tray, asked us if we were ready and asked to take our drinks so she could carry them for us to our table.  The minute we spent with her put the whole night into a great first step (i never knew how important that first meeting with a hostess is! first impressions are everything).  Im not going to touch on the decor because of course it was swanky and well done- you can see the pictures for yourself. 
We sat down and our waiter came not long after that (quite immediate actually!) and he was fantastic! Steven I believe- he was funny and down to earth and honest.  He made his recommendations and he was spot on each time.  He was EXTREMELY attentive and friendly- I couldnt have hand picked a better waiter for us!  
We start with several appetizers (amongst quite a few drinks for each of us!) We ordered the edamame dumplings and the chicken and ginger dumplings- AMAZING!! I thought the consistency of the edamame dumplings would be a turn off but they were the exact opposite! I could have eaten them all night!  Then came out the Tuna Pizza that- as a NON FISH eater- I LOVED!! Incredible to think that I would basically be eating fish for the rest of the night because the rest of the party wanted it and i was out voted but i loved each and every dish!  The Tuna pizza was delicious but not the best of the night.  The last of the appetizers were the shrimp "tacos"- dont remember the exact name but they were on 'taco shells' that were like puffy rice balls- they had shrimp tempura (or something like it) and were incredible!  Honestly, again I am not a fish eater but this stuff was out of this world!!  If I had to pick number one appetizer though, it would be edamame dumplings and then these tacos and then chicken ginger dumplings and finally the tuna pizza.  
Then the entree! We ordered the shrimp pad thai and the Chilean Sea Bass to split.  Again....NOT a fish eater and these two dishes were great!  The pad thai was pretty basic- if you like pad thai, this is good pad thai but I wouldnt order it here just because its such a basic dish that you can order anywhere and itll be just as good.  The Chilean Sea bass held up to all the reviews out there.  I actually recommended it to the table because of the yelp reviews (despite the fact that I dont like fish) and the table thanked me all night because of it.  I tried it and it was melt in your mouth buttery good!  Healthy option I think too with veggies on the side and a perfect compliment to a light appetizer if you were to order it for yourself.  
For dessert we ordered the donuts of course and they were amazing along with the special for that night which was a flourless ice cream sandwich with strawberry ice cream, meringue whipped topping and mango drizzle.  I loved it but my friends could do without it.  
All in all, along with the GM walking around doting on us and asking how our experiece was and if we were from the area and making small talk (which was much appreciated!), it was a great experience.   
The service: EXCELLENT. The food: EXCELLENT.  The price is a little steep but you are getting what you pay for!As instructed not to leave Philadelphia without desserts, the luscious #Buddakan came highly recommended. We couldn't resist but order the signature Dip Sum Doughnuts and the Dessert Bento Box! My favorite is the Passionfruit mallomar and the Buddha cones. If I have to have one reason to go back to Philly, it would be to take a stab at their main menu! #myeveryday #roomfordessert #phillyeats #worktrip #foodtripOk, I'll admit it. This is the one Starr restaurant that I don't roll my eyes out. Went for restaurant week this year, and my drink was bubbly/pink/girly/satisfactory. 
my choices: 
- hamachi sashimi (more like ceviche - loved the acidity)
- noodles (chow fun, I think?)
- fried donuts 
Besides the entree being slightly salty, the food was pretty impressive. As always with S. Starr, the atmosphere was on point, with funky decor, musical vibe, etc. I will say the one turn-off were the non-smiling face chair covers. We asked our server (she was great) what they were, and she said that they were all friends/people that help S. Starr build his empire of restaurants. I liked the idea, but they were definitely a shade of creepy....
Other people at the restaurant ordered the gyoza (also yummy, but salty), and chocolate cake for dessert. All in all, we were super satisfied with our meal. Great place to catch up and enjoy some yummy creations while soaking in the Asian fusion vibe.If you're the type that routinely drops 300+ dollars on a meal, then Buddakan may not seem like all that much. But if you're going for a special occasion (me and my brother took my mom as a Christmas present), then it's the perfect place to go. And while it may be a little over-priced (I don't think any food is worthy of these price tags), it was as close to worth it as it could be.
We went all out, ordering from pretty much every section of the menu: cocktails, appetizers, entrees, deserts, sharing all the while. With the exception of the roast duck, everything was at least good, often very good, and sometimes spectacular.
The prawn was hot, crispy and tender, done so perfectly. The ponzu chicken with "buddha buns" was unlike any chicken I've ever had; the halibut special prepared 3 different ways was a  treat: one plate that had nearly 9 differenty items, all perfectly portioned so that I had room for dessert.
And room is what I needed, because the Chocolate Bento Box is a meal in itself. The most decadent dessert I'd ever laid eyes on. But my eyes did not decive me, because it was as good as it looked.
The service is what you would expect at a place where you mortgage your house to pay for the food. Servers wait in the shadows to swoop down like hawks and sweep your table of crumbs.Beautiful Restaurant that is consistently good!  Their lunch box is a steal of a deal.  Three items for $15 bucks.
I got the edamame rav., caeser salad and shrimp stir fry.  Nice size portions.  
The staff was helpful and friendly.We came here after making a same day reservation during the afternoon. If you come here after eating at the NYC location, you may be slightly disappointed as the ambiance and menu are slightly different. However, the seating was comfortable (couch style seating), and I liked that we were not boxed in against another table. For beverages, there is a nice selection of both alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks which are pretty reasonably priced. As for the food, it was all very delicious! We had the hoisin glazed pork belly for an appetizer, which is a good size for 2-3 people and was very flavorful. For an entree, I had the char-grilled beef, which was cooked to a perfect medium-rare and came in an ample portion (also with a huge side of Szechuan-style fries). I also tasted the five-spice duck breast, which was seasoned well and also came in a good sized portion. For dessert, we shared the chocolate bento box, but in my opinion it was not worth the $18. The different desserts that came with the box were all very small and extremely sweet, to the point where they all tasted similar to one another. I would've given 5 stars, if not for the overpriced dessert, and the fact that one of the appetizer plates I was given was dirty. Otherwise, the service was fantastic (definitely didn't feel rushed at all and our waiter was very attentive) and the food was excellent. Definitely not cheap, but worth it!Attended for lunch during restaurant week. Blissful experience dining in the presence of a huge golden Buddha statue. Food was delicious. Highly recommend the edamame dumplings and the fried rice. Service was excellent.The food here was delicious.
- Edamame Ravioli: Great! (We got only 3 pieces though, but other people's pictures show 4. What gives?)
- Miso Black Cod: My favorite part of the meal. Delicious, sweet miso + melty-soft fish.
- Sea Bass: Really tender
- Curried Cauliflower: J & T really liked this. Somewhat spicy & has cashews.
Service was great. The waiters were obsessed with keeping our table clean, which is normally great, but I had a cold & blew my nose a lot. The poor employees picked up my soggy snot rags w/their bare hands. I wish they hadn't.I tried this place out for a date and we were eating fancy. Our table was so close to another couple so we asked to move and without a problem we did. We ordered the famous "edamame ravioli", and our server told us she would put in a extra one to split since they come out only with 3.  She didn't tell me that she would charge me an extra 12.50 for another ravioli! I thought she was throwing in a free rav, but who was I kidding. Despite the fact that she didn't inform of an extra charge, the food was great. Everything from the duck to the wasabi mashed potatoes was amazing. My fat butt ordered the chocolate box and donuts! I regretted nothing. I was eating and living large for a night. The dipping sauces the donuts come with are amazing! I would totally come back if I had the money.I have to admit that I was a little bit nervous about coming to Buddakan.  While I'm a big fan of Stephan Starr restaurants, I always feel that Asian fusion places can be hit or miss.  Thankfully, I was proven wrong--this place is fantastic! The decor and service are absolutely top-notch.  The giant Buddha, while at first might seem somewhat tacky, is actually a very nice touch to the overall atmosphere.  My date and I started off with the "Tickled Pink" and "Asian Mojito", both of which were quite tasty.  We also split the chicken and ginger dumplings.  I'm usually not a big fan of ginger since i think it can overpower other flavors, but thankfully the ginger was subtle and a nice compliment to the chicken and dipping sauce.  For the main course, I ended up getting the soft shell crab tempura, while the date got the pad thai.  The pad thai was absolutely delicious and gigantic (since the portions are meant to be shared family style).  My crab tempura was very good as well--my complaint is that it was super greasy.  I know that tempura itself can be pretty greasy but this was a tad bit out-of-control.   Overall, though, our main courses were fabulous.
The course that made this meal out of this world was dessert.  We decided on the chocolate bento box, based on our server's recommendation.  All I can say is WOW!  It was so decadent and filling  and there was such a variety of options to please both of us.  I'll definitely be coming back to Buddakan again--maybe next time with a large group of people so I can sit near the giant Buddha!Thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience. The food, atmosphere and service were all great. The drinks can be a little strong which works if you are pregaming. The ribs off the appetizer menu are wonderful. The duck and lamb are delicious. The portions are just right.My third time there ,in less than a year just really a great vibe great place for friends or for your better half I must say the food was really much better than I expected it to be first two time s I got the angry lobster it was fantastic both times this time I got the short ribs with chow fun , the only thing I ordered I would not order again was the lobster fried rice 22 dollars there was more lobster meat in my egg roll from my local Chinese take out. the service was perfect every time . must have dumpling any of them tried them all watch out for the soup dumpling will burn you if you not careful but delish. just great foodlove the ambiance here. The garlic and shrimp stir fry is awesome!!! love the tuna tartare spring rolls.wonderful atmosphere.  Attentive staff.  We did not feel rushed.  Chef's recommendations were all on point!  We will be back!Hands down one of the nicest restaurants in the city. I have been coming here for 15 years and have never had a bad meal.  It does not matter what the occasion is, whether its a bday, valentines day or just a happy hour, you cant go wrong.  Really cool ambiance with a huge boodah on the wall with candles over looking the main dining room.   They also have an upstairs with its own bar.  The service is it outstanding, they go above and beyond for their guests to give them a true fine dining experience.  Some of my favorite dishes include: edamame dumplings, tuna sashimi, calamari salad, cauliflower, cashews and wasabi mash potatoes to start. Entrees include: aged beef, sea bass and angry lobster.  They make really good strong drinks as well.  If you are from out of town, or dont live in the city and have never been here, I highly recommend this place.Very trendy restaurant with great food. What can I say about the great blends of asian fusion food? Try a bit of everything especially the ribs, the meat falls off the bone. The tuna spring rolls are good but a bit heavy for my liking. The server was nice. This is a great place to splurge.Was in Philly this weekend and we went to Buddhakan to eat, first off if you are allergic to shellfish don't eat here literally everything they have has an oyster sauce on it. We ordered the Cashew Chicken which was extremely bland and i got the black pepper steak and it was so peppered i basically couldn't eat it. The pork dumplings were good and so were the drinks but the entrees were very disappointing. Finally we ordered the Chocolate Box for dessert which also was disappointing, we ended up eating only the banana chocolate mouse and Mango cheesecake the rest were horrible. So i left Buddhakan paying $150 and still hungry. The worst feeling is leaving a place and saying wow that was a complete waste of my money.Buddakan is one of the best restaurants in Philly! Great food and an awesome atmosphere. We had a perfect last night here in Philly at Buddakan tonight and hope to come back some time in the future!Came here for restaurant week, and immediately loved the atmosphere. Buddakan is best described as a sleek, sexy restaurant, and it's the perfect place to come with a group of friends or on a date.
I ordered the short rib scallion pancakes, the pepper beef, and the mousse. The short rib scallion pancakes were extremely filling, and topped with shredded beef. I would say the closest taste comparison is something of an imaginative roast beef sandwich. The pepper beef was a bit too tangy for my taste (although I did try a bit of my friend's Chilean sea bass, which was absolutely delicious), although it did have an amazing rice bird's nest. The mousse was what really blew me away - it sat on a coconut cake and came with a side of mango salsa.
I would recommend Buddakan for restaurant week! You can't go wrong with the sea bass, and I highly recommend getting the mousse.I love this place amazing service great atmosphere best in the city one of my favorites is the pad Thai exquisiteBuddakan is pure pleasure.  I experienced no difficulties securing a reservation for a bigger group and the staff was very accommodating.  The portion sizes are generous and there was a nice variety from which to choose.  We were there on a relatively busy night so the noise made it difficult for our entire group to communicate, but otherwise the experience was excellent.The food and drinks were delicious!! Fun Asian atmosphere that feels hip, fresh and classy. The service was great. The drinks were great as well!! I would definitely go backPositive: Delicious Non-Alcoholic Drinks with Extraordinary dessert in a fine dining restaurant.
Negative: Small, expensive portion sizes without the quality expected in a high end restaurant
Overall: Good place for a fine dining experience if you only want to have their non-alcoholic drinks with dessert.We came here after a museum tour.  Didn't want to do a whole dinner thing so we sat at the bar for apps and drinks...and we are glad we did!  John was amazing!  He was sweet and attentive.  I had a couple of the menu drinks and told him what I like specifically and he made a specialty cocktail....and gave us the recipe!  I used to live in the city and would frequent Buddakan but it's been a while.  It was tonight I remembered exactly why I loved it so much!
I want to thank John and Buddakan for a great happy hour!  It's nice to have such personal attention especially on a crazy busy night.Everything was cooked perfectlyyyyy. One of the best meals in recent memoryI was in Philadelphia for the weekend and ended up here on a Friday night for a holiday dinner with the family. When making the reservation we originally had a group of 12. The hostess recommended the communal table in front of the Buddha statue and I agreed and since I was making a "reservation" I wouldn't have to wait to be seated. On the evening of the dinner, 3 members had cancelled and I called the restaurant to update the size of the party and they reassured me that everything is fine. However, when we arrived, we had to wait 20 minutes before being seated and we didn't get to sit at the communal table as originally suggested by the hostess. Instead, we were squeeze into a booth. It was a bit uncomfortable,  so I have to rate the restaurant 4 stars (could have been a 5) because the service and atmosphere was exactly what I expected. We all selected the tasting menu and let me tell you, IT WAS WORTH IT. The portions were generous and the quality and taste of the dishes were up to par. I would definitely be back the next time I'm in town.Buddakan,the doyenne of Old City will I think be here for as long as it wants to be.  With classic classics like the Crispy Duck Salad on Frisee, the Black Cod and the Sesame Crusted Tuna, the ballsy drama of the room, who will let it go away?  The Bento Box lunch is still the best lunch bargain you can find if you're in the mood for Asian, and they don't screw with it.  Service is great when you get one of the Starr-y eyed and bushy tailed young ones who bought everything that the Starr organization drill instructors threw their way, and that's good.  If you get a vet, the service will still be pretty good. Great place for a business lunch especially for those coming in from out of town.  It somehow, in a very small way, gives off that New York Four Seasons business lunch vibe, in ramped down Philly style.  Starr did Buddakan when he was a veritable rookie, and the only guys I can think of that were that good as  rookies were Muhammad Ali and Wayne Gretsky, but unlike them, Starr will have a second act.We were blown away! From the service to the food. We came here to celebrate my boyfriends birthday. We arrived a bit early so we grabbed drinks at the bar while we waited for our table to be ready. After we were seated we started off with the General Tso dumplings. The dumplings were so savory. I am not the biggest fan of dumplings but these I could have any time. Then we ordered the Korean beef fried rice with the grilled lamb chops. We were very happy with our selections. The lamb was seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly.
This place is great and will definitely be returning.I am definitely not an adventurous eater but this restaurant had me trying all kinds of stuff I have never eaten before.  The food is very high quality and the cooking is superb.  Service was also very good.  For my main dish I had the wok cashew chicken which was a super yummy safe go to if you are not an adventurous eater like me.I have a mix feeling about this place as I have been here quite a few times. It's either I have a semi ok experience or poor experience. I've written a complaint to the management here before regarding poor service/no service on my birthday. Although management has contacted me back I did give it another try. The food is delicious. 3 star because the couple times I've been there the service was ok. I always have to ask for the waiter..I came her for my birthday in February with a group of friends. The experience and food was good, but not particularly memorable.
I'm not one who minds expensive dining once in awhile, but that's only if the food is up to par with the price. Unfortunately, it wasn't. Flavors were there, but they weren't particularly interesting and not really any different than any other less expensive Asian cuisine places.
The inside decor of course was beautiful and that's probably what attracts most of its guests, but essentially I'm not paying for the decor--I'm paying for the food.Amazing Restaurant Week experience!! We didn't have a reservation and still got seated right away. The restaurant atmosphere is high end yet relaxed with some of the most professional and kind staff I've encountered. The restaurant week menu was entirely too exquisite for the price, so we naturally fell in love! We started with the chicken and ginger dumplings and the pork belly pancake. Then had the chow mein and shrimp for the mains as well as the chocolate cake and mango cheesecake for dessert. The food was to die for! We were so stuffed, we ended up with doggie bags and the price was beyond reasonable. The manager even came over to make sure we had an enjoyable meal. Highly recommend this dining experience!Good ambiance, service, and food. If you're looking to get full, probably not the best place. I'm a small girl and I still didn't get full with a 30 dollar meal. The food is still good though. If you're looking to spend a lot of money in a fancy atmosphere, this would be the place.This was a wonderful restaurant. The food was awesome, the ambiance was amazing. I had the lobster fried rice, it was a huge bowl. My bf had the beef fried rice and the lamb chops. The lamb chops were seasoned to perfection. My girlfriend & I ordered the lobster and crab dumplings, although I wasn't a huge fan of dumplings but, the taste was impeccable. My girlfriend also ordered the beef fried rice, she said it was great as well. Her date ordered the dumplings sampler, wasabi mashed potatoes. 
We will be back again!!Lunch recently at Buddakan was a terrible disappointment... never again! Old tuna sushi, and a mix of boring food types covering a very wide range of "fusion"...pork bellies (tasteless, except for buttery bread), sir-fried shrimp (with an unnecessary breading filled with oil), etc. We thoroughly enjoyed our first visit here shortly after it opened, but never again...Ok so the edamame ravioli wasn't that great not to mention cold!!! The waiter was inattentive as she sat and talked to the bar tender the whole night. On the bright side the crab fried rice was awesome alot of money for small portionsI came here last week with a party of 10. We were seated right away, although we made the reservation 20 mins prior. The decor is very lovely. White chair covers all have funky faces on them. Nice touch. 
DRINKS - came out faster than I've ever seen. Patron Margarita was small but good.
APP - I ordered the Edamame Ravioli - AMAZING. 4 come on the plate surrounded by this savory sauce and sprinkled with edamame beans. I have to learn how to make this ASAP! So of course, my entire table basically ordered various appetizers, and being the must-try person that I am, I tried them all. The Caesar salad is okay, I didn't really like the cashews in it. My bf had the Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice which came inside an actual crab - LOVED. Tasted my friends Wok Stir-Fried Broc - GOOD. Also, some Rock Shirmp taco looking dish - GREAT. 
ENTREE - (this is where it gets interesting) So after tasting so many dishes, I was basically full :( my beautiful $48 lobster came out, and I had to snap a pic. The presentation was more than perfect. It had 4 small piles of noodles, some steamed spinach, and poached lobster resting in the tastiest lobster sauce I've ever had. It also had the hard shell of the lobster still on the plate. I took 2 bites from the lobster and even tho I wanted to scarf it down...I just couldn't. I was stuffed. So I told the busser to wrap it up for me. He came back very quickly and tapped me & put my leftovers on the floor next to my chair. 
Now we stay for about 30more mins and a few more drinks are ordered. A friend pays, and we get our coats from the coat check & part ways. As soon as we get into the house, I realize that I've left my LOBSTER GOODNESS at the restaurant! I call immediately and the girl who answers the phone tells me, "The bus boy actually just threw it out...is that a problem?" in the nicest, attitudey voice. I say "Umm yes it is a problem because I took only 2 bites out of that food and I was looking forward to eating it tomorrow." in my nicest, I-know-it-was-my-fault-for-leaving-my-food-but-who-puts-food-on-the-floor-anyway voice. She transfers me to the manager, and she was AWESOME! She asked for my name & number and asked me what time would work for me tomorrow because she will have my dish ready. I don't think customer service gets better than that! 
I will definitely be back :)First time visiting Buddakan on a Saturday night. Everything was simply wonderful. DH an I started with drinks, then ednemame ravioli (amazing). Then shared the cashew chicken and Pad Thai, then finished with baby peaches. Wonderful. Service was as expected in higher-end dining. The only drawback was where we were seated, just by the bar. A rowdy bachelorette party was at the bar, crowding the staff, the entrance to the bathrooms and elevating the decibel level. After they were seating at the communal table and away from us it was fine. I did feel bad for those now sitting around them, as there was no conversing when they were around. I don't know if they should have been told to pipe down, or maybe never booked there? The final bill was not bad at all for a special occasion. Will return.Just came here for restaurant week/friends birthday
. The chicken ginger dumplings were delicious with the cucumber salad garnish. The star for the meal for me was the Chilean sea bass. The fish was cooked perfectly while on top of a delicious mushroom butternut squash mix. The crying chocolates with Vietnamese coffee ice cream was a terrific combination. What I'm truly happy about though was the waiter Stewert's good service for our table. The hosts were cute and polite, the bus boys and food runners were excellent as well. For my first trip here, I'm very pleased.Bland pricey food. Had higher hopes for this place, since it was great when I went 20 years ago.About what I remember from my experience in NYC, only the Buddha there is a heck of a lot bigger, and the company tonight a lot more scintillating. Aside from the decor, I'd rather go to a place that serves more authentic Asian meals anyday.Very nice place with a very nice ambiance. Service was really good and the food was amazing. A new favorite.Not a bad thing to say. Was in Philadelphia on a conference from work, and we choose ot go here. For a party of ten, at 7pm, service was excellent.  Portions not very large, but moderate for the price. Drinks were all good, as our table tried each. Personally, the Life cocktail had a strong ginger taste, but was very refreshing. 
Tuna pizza was fresh, and tasty. Grilled lamb chops were cooked perfect medium rare, were seasoned well and the pesto was spot on. We also ordered a side of the wasabi mashed potatoes, which balanced perfectly, especially for wasabi lovers. The five spice donuts with blackberry jam were fantasiic, but the ginger cream cheese for the dinuts put them over the top. 
The ambiance of the restaurant is modern, and trendy. Beautiful place to enjoy a quality meal.Where to begin! We went for an early dinner for my sister's birthday, she has a 2 year old so we were looking for a loud place so he wouldn't bother too many people! For a Sunday afternoon, the restaurant filled up quickly. We started with the tuna tartare spring rolls, chicken dumplings, pork buns, lobster fried rice and shrimp lo mein. The meals come out as they are finished and they serve it family style which allows you to taste a lot of different items on the menu without the commitment! I especially liked the fried rice, it had a nice crunch and big chunks of lobster. The shrimp lo mein was also a big hit at the table! The dumplings were flavorful, but had a lemongrass aftertaste, which I'm not a huge fan of. The tuna tartare was served as a fried spring roll, so you couldn't taste the tuna as much as I had hoped. For dinner I had the sweet and crispy shrimp which was delicious, the candied walnuts were a pleasant addition to the plate. We also ordered the wasabi mashed potatoes, eggplant and curry cauliflower. Each vegetable dish was better than the last but I kept going back to the eggplant it was very flavorful and the eggplant was cooked perfectly. There also were small onions and farro mixed in. The rest of the table enjoyed the Peking duck and red snapper. I'm not normally a fan of red snapper, but it was tender and lightly fried. The presentation was beautiful with the fish on the plate. I wasn't sure I could eat anymore, but we also had the banana chocolate cake and dim sum donuts for dessert. The chocolate cake was warm and decadent, with bananas mixed in and butterscotch ice cream.  The donuts were highly recommended and absolutely delicious! Thank goodness they only give you 5, as I am not sure I could have stopped myself. For 6 adults, our bill was $175 a couple. Reasonable for the quality and amount of food. I will definitely return!I really loved this place!   I went here with a couple of co-workers recently and had a great meal.  The place has a great vibe as well.  We started off with some drinks and they were very good!  The filet mignon was excellent... the crispy shrimp were great as well.  I would highly recommend eating here.... excellent food!My fiancé surprised me with reservations here for my birthday. I absolutely highly recommend this restaurant to everyone.
We started off with the dumpling sampler and the steamer edamame. Both dishes were flavorful and beyond excellent. We got 4 different types of dumplings and they came in twos. We also had a huge bowl of steamed edamame. 
My fiancé ordered the Angus Beef dish (the smaller portion). It was very big and full of flavor. I ordered the wasabi crusted filet. Both dishes were cooked to our specifications. We split the wasabi mashed potatoes, which were SO good. 
Our server, Tom, was beyond exceptional. He was so knowledgable and helpful. He gave us excellent recommendations and service. He was so attentive. At the end of the meal he made sure to give me a little gift from there. 
The restaurant itself is absolutely gorgeous. There is a huge Buddha on the one wall. I would HIGHLY recommend making a reservation as they do get busy. 
Overall, this was one of the best meals I have had and cannot wait to go back at a later date.Always a great place for a celebration. Food is delicious but it's very loud!This place never fails to impress me.  When I worked at 6th and Chestnut I would come here for restaurant week faithfully every year.  Living so far away from the city I venture out only when I'm in dire need of dim sum donuts. 
I tasted my mom's cashew chicken and broccoli, my sister in laws Vietnamese inspired dessert (from the restaurant week menu) & drooled over the delicious lamp chop (though it was disappointingly tiny) with eggplant.  
I was full & very happy to have been able to share this place with my mother.I first came to Buddakan for dinner with a few friends during restaurant week. Normally I'm not too crazy about restaurant week deals and the limited options, but Buddakan was definitely a step up from the rest. I started with the chicken dumplings, which were both delicious and HUGE! It could have been a meal in and of itself. Next I opted for the pan seared sea bass with butternut squash, mushrooms, and haricot vert. This was also a huge portion, perfectly cooked, melt in your mouth delicious, and SO worth the $35 price tag which normally includes 2 other courses (the fish itself is normally $26). For dessert we tried the donuts, chocolate cake, and cheesecake. Everything was delicious and they were also super accommodating to one of my friends who has gluten allergies. Definitely worth a visit and ask for a seat near the Buddha if you don't mind sitting next to other parties!Delicious! It really seems like you can't go wrong with anything you order here! 
If you know me, I always have the most difficult time choosing what to order. Here, that wasn't a problem. Our appetizer was the Edamame Ravioli, which I saw in a lot of the other reviews. (I think we got jipped with the dish though, since ours only came with three pieces and other pictures show a lot more-- one picture even has 6! Maybe they give you as many pieces as you have people.) But it did not disappoint. I also set my sights on the fish dishes-- Miso Black Cod and Sea Bass. I couldn't decide which one I liked better but, in the end, I think I preferred the Miso Black Cod. The Curried Cauliflower was aaaamazing, too! Especially for just being a dish with that name. It came with cashews and had some spice to it. 
We all loved our food, and I can't wait to come back for more!Very fun place to eat! Great ambiance and delicious food. It was fun to eat family style and share dishes. We went on a Saturday night and were slightly underdressed because we had been sightseeing all day, but there were others also in more casual clothes.  Didn't seem to be a problem.Delicious. This is how Chinese food is supposed to taste; light. I also tried the Thai salad and that was wonderful too. A bit pricey. I recommend lunch so as not to break the bank.One of Starr's best restaurants! I love asian food and this restaurant had one of the best! Very classy restaurant with different variety. Very pricey, but definitely worth going. Try the edamame dumplings as an appetizer! Great drinks there as well!:-(
A night that started off so strongly and had so much potential, took a very sad turn...
The Lobster at Buddakan led to a date night with the Porcelain Princess instead of my beautiful fiance.
Service: 4.5 stars
The service at the bar and during dinner was impecible and precise.  I was very impressed by their attentiveness and attention to detail.
Ambiance: 4 stars
Buddakan is the closest thing in Philadelphia to Southern California-chic/ style restaurant design and vibe.
Price: 3 stars
The menu is definitely expensive.  A night of dinner and drinks will run up to $100 per person for the full experience.
Location: 3.5 stars
A great location in Old City at 4th and Chestnut.
Food: 2 stars
My previous experiences at Buddakan have been great.  The food has been well prepared and delicious.  This go around was different though.  The lobster was tough and obviously poorly prepared.  The Kobe Beef was more fatty than tender.  The Monk fish was good and the Crab Lo Mein was delicious.  I cant wait to give Buddakan another chance to improve my impression and overall review.
Overall: 2 stars
Despite my tough night, I  look forward to another night at Buddakan, hopefully to have an experience like my previous ones there.- Love the food I ordered Bento Box which consists of Kobe Slider, Chicken Thai Salad, and Wasabi Tuna Tataki..
-The Slider came out juicy and good, The tuna just melt in your mouth, and just the right amount of wasabi on the noodles....Oh Em Gee. Why have I not been to Buddakan before??
Atmosphere is pretty fantastic - love the wall of water and the giant Buddha.
Our server told us that the portions were shareable, but not gigantic - I beg to differ - They were HUGE! Definitely worth the prices!
Appetizers:
Pork Belly Hot Pot (10): Pork belly in a miso broth with a fried egg. Yum!!! Like having a breakfast soup (bacon and eggs... ya know?).
Shrimp and Scallop Spring Rolls (11): Giant spring rolls bursting with shrimp and scallops - very little filler! Each bite was full of seafood! Comes with a mustard sauce and a plum sauce (my fave). 
Entrees:
Aged Char Grilled Beef (Small - 32): HOLY COW! My boyf ordered the small portion and I cannot imagine what the large looks like! About 20 slices of beef, perfectly cooked, with a MOUNTAIN of crispy potato strings. The beef is topped with a red-wineish sauce and the potatoes are drizzled with spicy mustard. MMMM.
Pan Seared Duck Breast (26): Ordered this (instead of the Pork Tenderloin which I considered) because of the promise of corn and scallion spoon bread. Best decision I ever made. The duck was perfectly cooked in a sweet plum sauce and the spoon bread was absolutely amazing - Kind of like a corn bread with the center not totally cooked. LOVE.
Dessert: 
Carrot Cake (9): Delicious layers of spiced carrot cake and malted milk panna cotta. With a cinnamon ice cream on the side, I was absolutely in heaven!!!
P. S. The table next to us got the dessert bento box, and that looked amazing as well. Might have to try that next time!
Overall, pricy, but reasonable once you see the portion sizes! Come with an appetite!