Buon Burger, abbiamo provato il cheesburger ed il veggie, entrambi buoni! Rimane sempre un fast food, ma ambiente carino, alla moda, personale gentile, al di sopra sicuramente della media. Si cena tranquillamente con 15$ a testa senza risparmiarsi alcuna delizia!This is another in the increasingly common number of gourmet burger places, with this one trying to be more hip/trendy than others...and pretty much succeeding, at least in comparison to the others that 've seen.  The interior is bright and clean with light-wood paneling on the walls, high ceilings, and large windows at the front.  The décor has basically an industrial-rustic look, including several large communal tables made of highly polished thick slabs of wood that -- along with the wood paneling on the walls -- are countered with industrial steel fixtures.  There's plenty of seating at tables of different sizes and heights.  One side of the restaurant also has a large bar.  The custard milkshakes are very good -- thick and rich with flavor. The hot dogs are very good as well.  My one food 'complaint' is that the sauerkraut on the hot dogs was a bit odd to me -- it was much brighter (in color and flavor) and more crisp than I'm used to...and I whiningly had a taste for good old, regular sauerkraut that's more boiled and more sour than what I received here.This is a good burger! Definitely recommend getting a double though, spoke with a guy who was quite disappointed with his single, too small a patty! Oh well, flavors, texture, looks, smells, all there like a good burger to me! Tried my buddy's onion rings! Killer! That's where it's at a must!We stopped by at 11pm on a Friday night and ordered the cry and fry and a custard. Once we had paid, we were told they were out of onion rings and asked if we just wanted fries. After saying yes, we weren't offered a refund for the $3 price difference. Then one of the employees complained about how crowded it was and how they just wanted to shut the lights off and tell everyone it was closed.
When we went back the next day at 6pm for dinner, the front door was locked and one of the employees gleefully turned off the lights. It was supremely disappointing.Great burger, chili cheese onion rings and need velvet concrete.  Would definately go back. Good service. Would like to have a larger water cup but enjoyed the entire experience.For months I had been tracking Burger Fi like an Iroquois brave. I'd put my proverbial ear to the ground (aka read about it in The Insider / Foobooz) and my excitement would grow as signs of it's opening neared. Each day I would walk by on my way to work and glance in, and it seemed to be getting closer and closer but not opening, finally I couldn't take it and I shot them an email saying what's the deal, stop this nonsense and open already!! They told me to chill and it would be about a week. 
Fast forward a few weeks and the day finally came for boo and I to spend our epic Sunday cheat meal at BF. We walked in and the place was jumping. NFL combine coverage on all the TVs, I felt like I could potentially be spending a fair amount of NFL Sundays here. There was not much of a line and boo and I each ordered the Brisket Burger bc why wouldn't you. 2 patties of ground brisket with Swiss and blue cheese? C'mon son. Then because I'm fat I got an order of parm fries and a Chicago style hot dog. Boo got a side of onion rings. Total cost plus a soda almost $40.00 a little on the high side for casual but whatev, if it lives up to its billing I'd gladly pay it every freakin' Sunday.
After paying you shuffle down the line and wait for your buzzer to go off to get your food. I stood patiently in the corner while boo secured a seat. at the 15 minute mark the guy next to me became agitated and I was thinking it's only going to get worse from here. At 20 mins he went up and asked about it and the manager checked on it and told him it was up next. This whole time I would look back at boo and she would shoot me these dart looks like "say something! say something!" I would look at her like "I ain't got the energy girl". Our food came at the 30 minute mark. Famished I handed in my buzzer and took the food to the table. 
As crazy as this sounds both our burgers were really bland. Thinking back I can't remember if they put the blue cheese on or not bc its illegal for blue cheese to be bland. We ended up drowning them in ketchup. Very disappointing. The sides we got we fine but the star here is the burgers and it just wasn't up to snuff. Feeling dejected we walked out with our heads low. A week later I was walking by around 7:00 there were about 10 people in there so I decided I ain't going out like that, this place has to be good and we just came on the wrong day. I got the standard Burger Fi burger green style. It still took about 15 minutes to get. The lettuce wrap was awesome however the burger didn't taste like anything. Another ketchup drowning and I left again dejected. 
I still am holding out hope that these are the early restaurant blues but I cherish my Sunday cheat meals and I can't take the gamble on Burger Fi again. Maybe a Tuesday lunch but not my Sunday.Only giving this spot 3 out of 5 reasoning the burger meat was excellent. Very fresh, very clean tasting 
I didn't like that the burgers pretty pricey I mean I got the twenty eight I think that's what it's called...my daughter a beef hot dog and my friend got a veggie burger and a drink 4 for items 28 dollars sooooo.....
I wasn't to mad about spending almost 30 dollars for a burger, veggie burger, hotdog  and small drink....thinking everything came with fries I was excited to try this spot (always seen it going to the reading terminal)...
Food comes out...no fries with the order that a be a extra 5 to 8 dollars....and the burger was TINY For 11 bucks at a fast food joint I want that Jawn to fill me where I can't walk...not the case at all I most likely won't be coming backModern atmosphere, friendly staff and a good burger! I got the 1/2 and 1/2 with a burger and quinoa patty. Delicious!!! 
What sold us on the place was a good selection of beers, 6packs to go and bat tender that knows the town and how to show everyone a good time.I ordered on UberEats because I've been wanting to try this place for a while now. I got a customizable cheese burger and added lettuce, pickles, and burgerfi sauce. They sent me that expect with tomato  I honestly hate tomatoes on my burgers so it kind of annoyed me cause when I went to take it off some burgerfi sauce came off with it. Definitely should be more cautious...what if I was deathly allergic. Also had to take the lettuce off after the first bite cause It just wasn't a good piece it looked too dark and just didn't taste right. After I took the tomato and lettuce off the burger it was quite tasty. I really enjoyed the burgerfi sauce and the burger was a really good size. Also got an order of cheese fries and was so disappointed with the cheese it honestly was so bland and just not cheesey enough. The fries itself were also not the bests a lot were burnt. Upside they give u a lot of fries.Best burgers in town! Hot and juicy and crispy french fries. Craft beer, wine and custard. Everything you would want for a casual lunch spot or fun family dinner or just a good place to grab a few brews and watch the game!Not bad.  Pretty much tastes exactly the same as Shake Shack IMHO.  They have a bar though, which is sweet.  Saturday happy hour and draft beers for $3 a pop.  Can't beat that.  Two TVs, plenty of seating, fast service, chill vibe.  I would come back if I was in the area and had friends craving burgers.  Probably not if I had to go out of my way.  Less than $5 for a single build your own burger.  I'm a petite lady, and a single burger and beer didn't really fill me up.  Next time, I'll share some onion rings or fries.  Give it a try.  It wasn't bad.Ok not great. For a place that's known for their burgers, i found it to be a bit underwhelming. I tried a two milkshakes but they weren't quite to my liking. They onion rings and French Fries are better than the burgers to be honest with you. Solid but not great would be my overall assessment. Hey, at least they have free Wi-Fi in this trendy establishmentThis place is a must go if you want a burger near this area & reading terminal is not open. I should admit that philly cheese steak at reading terminal is a must go when it is open. However, if you are late like 7pm - 2AM, this is a second best option even with friendly budget. 
I had 1 single burger with every veggie, 1 regular fries, and 1 junior cup custard. I did not know and did not ask for it, but they gave me a promotional free junior cup custard.(I did not choose any toping.) The whole meal was $7.50. With a price of regular McDonald's value meal, I got a much nicer burger & fries.
I love their nice and thin bun with low carb, and their fries are so yummy (haha potato has lots of carb to compensate low carb bun). I visited there at 12am, and the cashier or manager was super friendly. You can expect to have a personal communication there. Will visit again!I was looking forward to trying this place but it turned out to be a big disappointment. I ordered a single cheeseburger with ketchup, fried onions and pickles.  I got a very small, very flat cheeseburger with nothing on it. The flavor was ok, although it was dry with none of my requested toppings, and way too small for the price of 4.47 plus tax. 
I also ordered the Cry and Fries which is onion rings and french fries.  I asked for ketchup on the side.  This order came in a separate bag from the burger.  There was a few ketchup packets in it, not nearly enough.  The bag was totally covered in grease when she handed it to me.  As I had to walk a few blocks, I asked her if she could put both bags in a larger bag which she did.  
Anyway, there were only 3 onion rings in my Cry and Fries order which didn't seem like alot, although they are very big.  However, as it turned out, that didn't matter, because they were so disgustingly greasy and salty that I couldn't even finish the first one.
The fries were good, but not good enough to warrant a return trip.The burgers are def solid and better than 5 guys, and slightly better than Shake Shack. They have chili cheese for when you are feeling extra greedy. The full size bar will def go a long way with the happy hour crowd.The service is slow and the girl taking our order was unfriendly. I asked her how big the large fries were and she said it wouldn't be enough for three people. Well, then I ordered the bucket of fries and it was a trough of fat made for twenty people. The ketchup dispense was broken and all out of ketchup. Food is good. Service is terrible. Skip this joint.Burger was decent and the only highlight of the trip. I ordered the twenty -eight burger and onion rings. Unfortunately the Onion rings were just ok. I found the Customer service to be terrible. I waited in line over 10 minutes to order while people behind the register just stood around. Went to the soda machine and found out most of the drinks were out and there was no ice. Plastic cups for ketchup were also not refilled. Plenty of employees standing around but only a few working for some reason.Why is there only one person at a register when the line is out the door Sunday lunchtime?? And no service at the bar. There are 20 people in line. It's fast food style ordering at the counter but there's nothing fast about it. I'm only waiting because I want to try the beyond burger. After waiting about 20-25 minutes to place my order, it is been 25 minutes that I have been waiting since placing the order. They need either more or faster staff in the kitchen and more than one person taking the orders. I wish I had kept walking. I ordered at 12:46. I was writing this in real time and now I can tell you it took until 1:28 to get my burger. A solid 45 minute wait after ordering.Horrible customer service coming here on a Saturday night. Need some new management and customer service training. Has a lot of potential but understaffed and was treated rudely.  Waiting over 25 minutes for a burger is unacceptable at a "fast food" place.My friend and I got the cheeseburger and cry & fries (mix of onion rings and french fries). The burgers were just OK. I've had better at Five Guys. There was nothing that really stood out about the burgers. They patties were thin and over cooked. They weren't too dry, but not what I would call juicy.
The onion ring and French fry mix had only two (count 'em, 2) onion rings. The French fries were decent though.
We went for lunch and despite there being a long line of customers that reached back to the door, they only had one person working the register. And that was only part time, as her coworkers hung around behind the counter joking and gossiping with her.
Really the only reason to eat here over the Reading Terminal market across the street is that they have more open seating. There are better burger places nearby and next time I'll head to one of those.Good burger place with decent selection of entrees, local and rotating beer selection on tap and from the bottle. Moderate value.Have been to this location, also in Delray Beach - FL and Boston - MA. Great burgers, fries and shakes. Parmesan fries with garlic aioli is so delicious! Red velvet shake is a must try!If I were rating the food only I would give 3 stars and say that its A-OK. The taste of the burgers is on par with five guys but much more expensive when you add the fact that many of their toppings cost money. I dont mind paying a buck for shrooms but you should give me more then 3 pathetic soggy little slivers. The deal breaker for me was .77 cents for vinegar for the fries. Seriously? That is a condiment not a topping and it should be free. Five guys does not charge for vinegar or mushrooms for that matter.This place is great.  I love that the quality of the ingredients is good, and that you can customize everything.  We love to come here for lunch breaks and the service is fast, especially given how busy they always seem to be.
I always get a burger and fries and every.single.time I end up saying "why did I get the fries? I didn't need the fries."  But guess what?  I eat half of them anyway because they're delicious. 
Bonus points for those cool customize-you-flavor soda machines!Looong wait for okay burger. My order and others were messed up. Hopefully it was a bad day but I doubt it.Move over 500*, Shake Shack and any other burger place that wants to be a burger place....
These burgers are fabulous.  Super fresh beef done to the temperature you request with any toppings you'd like.  The fries were fresh cut and the onion rings were EPIC. 
I wish I had saved room for dessert because the shakes looked so good!!I tripped into this place after a conference at the convention center .. it was pretty packed. The architecture is fun and interesting to look at while you are waiting for your food.  Overall, I would say this is a solid option if you are craving some fast food without going to one of those awful fast food chains.  I like their fries and I'm a big fan of the chicken apple dog.  Try it!BurgerFication is my new favorite burger place. The food was amazing and reasonably priced. Neat and clean and just all around AMAZING! Will DEFINITELY be back again several times for lunch!Its my first time to eat here and I dont see why everyone does not like it as much as I do. The food was great. Wife and I had two FI Cheeseburgers and a Kobe Hot dog. The atmosphere is alright, the interior is interesting. If you're a sports fan this place has alot of tv's and a a bar in the back. Who doesnt like burgers, dogs, and beers? The only downside I saw and not a major one, was that I asked for takeout and they set me up to eat inside. Not a big problem, they just had to re-pack my food to go. When we got to our hotel room, we unpacked the food and noticed the burgers were stamped by the grill with the name of the establishment. The burger is great, it didnt taste like a frozen patty and does not taste like a food chain. The biggest hit was the Kobe hot dogs. Crispy outer skin when you bite into it and a soft interior of a kobe steak. It was so soft, that it melted in our mouths. Overall, we are a fan and would eat there again.I only stopped in here for a beer so my review has nothing to do with food! Right next to the public market and the convention center, BurgerFi, is spacious and has a bar and softserve ice cream... that combo was intriguing to me. A sample of the vanilla ice cream was very good!
In that area, it seems like it might be a good place to go to grab a quick lunch or a happy hour drink,This is my fourth time here. Every time I come I order the Vegefi burger and every time it's phenomenal! Best veggie burger I've ever had. Their variety of fry seasoning is good too. My favorites are the Parmesan-herb fries and the Cajun fries.Comparable to most higher end burger joints. However $8.77 for a double bacon cheese burger was just ok. A five guys $5 burger beats it. The cry-fry French fri onion ring combo was meh. Over cooked fries and onion rings too big to be good and fell a part. If this place was a bit more reasonable I'd come back $15 for lunch is too much. You can get way more for that at Reading Terminal. Still not a bad place.Place caught my eye,  was pretty empty though. The menu was a little intimidating at first, but I settled on the breakfast burger. Has a great combination of breakfast lunch foods all under one bun. The place also serves beer which is a major plus. My only drawback is the place is a little pricey.  But definitely a spot that I'll be returning to!I was initially reminded of Shake Shack upon entering BurgerFi after quickly glancing around at the aesthetic of the restaurant and scanning the menu; however, BurgerFi's offerings are slightly more creative.  I settled on the Breakfast All Day burger which comes with fried egg, hash browns, bacon, cheese, ketchup, fried onions, and maple syrup; though I omitted the onions and syrup.  The remaining fixings nostalgically reminded me of the breakfast wraps (egg, cheese, hash brown and ketchup) I would eat many a morning before class as a Temple student.  The burger itself was so filling I didn't even need to order fries, though I am sure the fries are great.     Even better, I came during the lunch hour and there was no line! Tired of Shake Shack? Give BurgerFi a try!My boyfriend and I were in town for a convention and decided to check this place out. It definitely reminds me of a mix between Shake Shack and Five Guys. I think the prices are reasonable for the food that you get and our burgers were delicious. They also have a bar area which is a lot different than your typical 'fast food' service burger place (no wait staff). 
I feel like there aren't many options in this direct area (walking distance wise from our hotel) for reasonably priced food after the market closes and BurgerFi hit the spot.I wanted to stop at Reading Terminal Market for lunch, but unfortunately because of Labor Day it was closed. This was right across the street, so we stopped here instead. 
You order at the counter, they give you a buzzer, you find a seat, and wait for your food to be ready. We were there at 2:30 and it was pretty crowded. We had to wait over 30 minutes to get our food which is quite a while for fast food style. 
I got the Breakfast All Day burger and a strawberry custard shake. Both were just ok to me. The burger was a pretty typical fast food burger with some special toppings. I thought it was a little pricey for the quality. 
I probably wouldn't come back again. The service was too slow and the food wasn't good enough to justify the price.Food: I stayed at the nearby Marriott and decided to pick up a quick dinner. I was in a mood for a burger and this was one of the closer choices. So I walked on over and ordered their BurgerFi Breakfast All Day Burger. It was a natural Angus burger with American cheese, hickory bacon drizzled with maple syrup, fried egg, hash browns, grilled diced onions, and ketchup. They gave me a pager to alert me when my burger was ready. It was a short wait before I got my burger. I ate the burger back at my room. It was wrapped in aluminum foil so the burger stayed perfectly warm. It was a pretty decent burger but it was rather small. It was good enough that I might want to try their other burgers on the menu, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
Location: It's conveniently located in Downtown Philly across the street from the Reading Terminal Market. There were a plenty of tables and seats available if you choose to eat inside the restaurant. As with most downtown areas, there were some unsavory characters hanging outside at the entrance smoking and begging for change.Maybe my experience wasn't that great because I ordered a hotdog at a burger joint! Nonetheless, the hotdog wasn't too bad, but it really wasn't that good.
BurgerFi seemed to be very comparable to Shake Shack. The services wasn't very good and the fries weren't that inspiring (soggy in fact). 
I will probably go back and try a burger...maybe...So I ate her last night and it was a very bad experience, ordered my food and it took forever nobody seemed to care that 14 people got their food before me that ordered after me i was #98 and #12 got their food before me .The place is filthy trash all over the floor, broken table that almost fell on my kid, condiment container was empty, trash cans were over flowed.  The manager seemed to not care about any of this . Never again. Oh and they weren't even that busy as you can see in the one picI was very hungry when I came across this location.  It was a nice site for an empty stomach.  The interior is very nice.  The nicest I've been in for a burger joint and it is eco friendly.  They have craft beer and wine for sell and they even have a bar.  The soda fountain is very high-tech and has a large variety of sodas at your dispense.  
They have the normal selection of burgers, but the breakfast all day burger caught my attention.  This burger comes with bacon, maple syrup, and a fried egg.  I was disappointed with the fried egg.  It reminded me of the egg that comes on an Egg McMuffin and the yolk didn't run at all.  Besides the egg, my burger was good.  The fries were very good.  I really enjoyed them.  The service was fast and I saw them promptly cleaning off the tables when people finished eating their meals.  When it comes to hamburgers, this place is not the best in Philly, but the burgers are A-Ok.So I've heard a lot about this place. It happens I was in the area and I enjoy a good burger. I wasn't sure of the exact location but having a place across from RTM, I was hopeful.
Upon arrival the place was empty during a lunch rush. Although the place is very clean, the staff needs to be re trained. I placed my order and was sitting at a table waiting. The girl at the register went to clean tables, she wasn't aware there was a customer who hadn't ordered. A guy who I assume was the manager starts shouting at her, not in private but in front of numerous customers. Even the girl who was waiting stated it wasn't a big deal. That is totally unacceptable! You do not shout at an employee in front of the restaurant or frankly at all.
Now to the food. I ordered the burger fi and the grilled cheese burger melt. The burger fi burger was okay. I'm a big fan of the potato roll. The burger itself left a lot to be desired, mediocre at best. The grilled cheese burger was better, the onions were grilled just right but the bread was a bit burnt. It really took away from the overall taste. The fries were the biggest let down. While they are fresh cut and seasoned well, they were ridiculously greasy. As soon as I bit into one,boom, grease! Not a big fan at all, I think five guys is all around better from the burger to the fries. 2 stars for mediocre burger...Best fries and onion rings. There burger sauce is awesome. Ask for a side to dip fries in. The veggie burger is awesome. We loved the food. It's a cute place. Fun lights and chairs made from coke bottles.This burger joint wasn't horrible but overpriced for what you get IMO. My friend described it well as a cross between Shake Shack and Five Guys. Burgers were nothing great but I admit the fries were perfectly cooked and very comforting. I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could.Order kobe beef burger and found them to be a little bit blend. The fried got a little bit soggy by the time I was home. Price of meal was about 15 bucks. Definitely not worth the price. Don't think I will be returning.Came here to meet up with a friend, located across from Reading  Terminal market, it quite nice, has a full bar., I ordered single burger, which was cooked perfectly, & juicy, we shared the Parmesan fries. The bartender was great& would I return!!???
Absolutely!! They have extensive menu, kobe beef, to vegan patties, very nice for non meat eaters-- 
Great after work spot, nice food & you can get a real drink !! If you want or shake tooI went here last night with a group of people five in total, first the guy at the register was really slow i think there was a register problem but i cant be sure. We got three burgers one dog and a vegi burger a basket of fries and onion rings. Our order took 45 min to receive our whole order i got the brisket burger and onion rings the burger was unremarkable definitely now worth the price, the onion rings were huge not bad but one large one still had the onion skin on ( yuck). In the end they got the order wrong just a bad experience not worth it.
On another note The majority of beef in the US is Angus beef its nothing specialI stopped here with my mom and sister before heading to the airport.  Luckily we got a parking spot right in front, but I think normally you would have to go on a side street or in a parking garage. 
The inside is pretty cool, but we had the dog with us so we sat outside at the panera table and chairs. 
The burgers are a build your own set up mostly and are sold separately from drinks and sides.  I got a single patty with lots of toppings, I thought it was on the smaller side but it was filling.  I split a regular fries with my sister, they were good.  I ordered a root beer float, kinda pricey, but it was the fancy root beer and it was delicious!
I would recommend going there for a good burger and fries!This place popped up by my office so a colleague and I checked it out during happy hour time. Half of the restaurant looks like a typical fast food place- walk up counters, serve yourself drinks, and tables. The other half is a bar. You can order food at the bar, but you have to walk over to the restaurant side to pick your food up when its done and a buzzer indicates it is ready. 
I was more interested in getting a drink than food so I can't comment much on the menu other than it looked interesting and pretty good. It has several "creative" burgers and milkshakes and fries. Toppings are free and plentiful. 
When I visited the bartender wasn't actually a bartender, but filling in for someone who called out. She was very nice and let us know up front that it wasn't her usual gig. I had no problem helping her out to make my drink. A manager (I'm assuming) checked in with us to make sure we were OK and was very friendly.
Overall, this place isn't bad, I just didn't think it was great.Went here yesterday with my girlfriend for our first time. We decided to create our own burgers instead of choosing one of the menu items and we were delightfully satisfied. I had a double with american cheese. bbq sauce grilled onions, an onion ring(which is huge), and a fried egg. When we came in there wasnt a lot of customers and our wait was about 5-8 minutes. It would probably would be longer with a little a bit a rush due to how they prep and cook their food(not complaining just saying). Overall its a good burger spot if you want something different from usual norm. The more choices we have as consumers the better.Terrible experience when there was no rush and no need for it to be terrible. I paid extra for bacon on my burger and there was no bacon. My friend had the nastiest, most overpriced shake she's ever had. The workers weren't even friendly enough to make up for the awful food. Two hours later and I still feel like crap from eating there. Definitely not going again. Only upside is the clean interior and neat decorationsA solid three with potential for a four star. I had the all day breakfast burger and it was very creative and flavorful. I would've hoped that the burgers were a larger size for the money though. The French fries are sold separately from the burger and were a little dry to taste. The atmosphere is a modern industrial feel. For a place that prides themselves on farm fresh ingredients they do allow coca cola drinks and Heinz ketchup.  Help yourself to a beer if you'd like as they do have a decent variety. Would I come back again? Maybe, I just don't think I'd frequent. I would definitely give this place a try though.My wife and I decided to try BurgerFi on a Saturday afternoon.  It is across the street from the Reading Terminal Market, and we wanted to get away from the crowds.  This chain appears to follow in the "upscale fast food" style of Shake Shack.  
My wife had a cheeseburger with their signature sauce, I had the Twenty-Eight burger, and we split an order of Cry and Fry (onion rings and french fries) "Urbanstyle" (a creamy Parmesan garlic sauce).  We had to place a second order because the cashier did not ring up our drinks.  This is the start of why I am rating BurgerFi at 2 stars.  The staff were truly inattentive.
When our food arrived, the Cry and Fry was wrong.  The sauce was not on the dish.  Since we paid an extra $2 for the "urban style", I asked them to fix it.  The cook in the back gave me a bit of an ugly look while he checked the receipt to make sure I was not lying.  I am not very pleased with being looked at like I am trying to cheat them out of sauce after we paid $30 for burgers.
As for the food, it is good.  The burgers were good, and the toppings very fresh.  I do not feel the Twenty-Eight was worth the extra money, but it was by no means a bad burger.  The "Urbanstyle" Cry and Fry was very rich and filling. The sauce was worth the extra money.  The two of us could not finish it, actually.  
If not for the poor service, I would rate BurgerFi somewhere closer to 3-4 stars.  The food is good, and the location convenient to tourists.  That said, I can pick from dozens of good restaurants near BurgerFi where I will receive better service, so this was a one-time visit.Was in the mood for a juicy burger (dieting will do that to you) and my fiancé mentioned that this place was close by...so why not. 
I wanted as much caloric bang for my buck so we decided to "meat the CEO". Those 949 calories are made from the double wagyu, brisket blend, candied bacon tomato jam, truffle aioli and aged Swiss (I took that straight from the menu board). I have to tell ya, this was a juicy burger...all burger, none of those frills like a lettuce leaf or a slice of tomato or onion. I loved it, was so good...melty cheese all over my fingers. We had a side of fries and they were super hot and fresh. I appreciated that they were covered in extra salt which sometimes makes fries completely unpalatable to me. The price was ok, 2 CEO's and a side of fries came up to ~$27...a little pricey but the burger was good so you're getting what you pay for. 
Anywhoo, I can't eat this type of food often but this was a nice treat. (Also why I didn't try dessert, I can't go overboard with the treats.) bonus, I am keeping track of my macros and it was super easy to find the nutritional information for all their menu items online. 
You might also enjoy the interesting burger names such as The Conflicted (and angus burger and a veggie burger). Haha. CuteI like this place. It's tasty, has a fun feel, and they serve beer! I'd recommend it unconditionally, except...
They are less than a block away from the Convention Center, and they just cannot handle the volume. It can take more than half an hour to get your food, the ketchup has been out for weeks, and there's just a general sense of barely keeping it together.
Only go when there's nothing at the Convention Center and off peak hours, otherwise, food quality aside, you are not likely to have an enjoyable experience.COMPLAINT: On my birthday, we went to the Philly location for lunch, and were overcharged by $10.00. The manager assured us the money would be credited back to our account within 3-5 business days. In fact, the money was never credited back. After not properly receiving our money as promised, we called the restaurant and we were again promised, by the manager, that the issue would be resolved within a day or two. Nevertheless, Burger Fi again failed to credit the money it had improperly taken from our account. When we followed up a third, fourth, and fifth time, we were either hung up on, promised a call back from the general manager without ever receiving a call back, or met with groans and sighs by the unprofessional employees on the other end of the telephone. It appears the company is too incompetent to issue simple credit card refunds when a customer is overcharged. Not only was this experience extremely inconvenient, but also very insulting. When your employees were unable and/or unwilling to figure out how to refund our money, they simply gave up. Apparently our business is not important, so we will never be coming back.Ate lunch there this afternoon after walking/driving by this place for the last few months with a coworker.  We had read some reviews and wanted to see which ones were true.
Walked up to the counter and perused the menu.  Since I haven't eaten here yet, I went with a basic double cheeseburger.  The burger was a lil on the small side, but I didn't want to get too full because the wife was making macaroni for dinner, so it was all good...this time.
The burger was quite tasty.  The meat was seasoned just right and their house sauce was flavorful.  The lettuce and tomato, on the other hand, were pretty pathetic.  The lettuce was a grayish-clearish-beige and the tomato was an iridescent pink and lacked any type of flavor, so I took it off the burger.
One real positive was the soda machine was a gazillion flavors.  All restaurants should have one of those.
I will be back.  There were a few items on the menu that looked very good.  I noticed another person's onion rings and was tempted to ask for one, but I will wait until next time.  They looked amazing! 
The biggest drawback to this place, in my opinion, was the pricing.  I don't mind paying descent money for a burger, but I do want to either be full or have leftovers, but as I said, I will be back.
Oh yea...get some fresher veggies for your burgers too.  Tomatoes should be red and lettuce should be green.
Good luck, Burgerfi!Always kind and helpful service, plus a vast amount of options for someone wanting something new and tasty, or a safe burger with everything you know you love. definitely a go-to burger jointOrdered a cheeseburger, regular fries, and a fountain drink - came out to $16. Extremely overpriced for small quantity & subpar quality. The fact that a fountain drink is $3 is ridiculous.For incredible fresh burgers and quick service this is your place. Really good fast food done right!I mistakenly ordered the Beyond Burger and did not read that it was plant based and not beef. Will was working the counter and nice enough to let me switch it with beef burger. Thank you Will for the great customer service.The place wasn't that crowded but we had to fight for seats. We had to wait almost thirty minutes for a burger and hot dog, and when they got to us, they were stone cold. Also, a flyer said they would give us free custard if we liked them on FB, but when we did, they said they were "out." Do not recommend.My fiancé and I wanted to go to Reading Terminal, but it was closed by the time we got there, so we came here. Great menu.... But the girl who took our order looked like she hated her life. She barely spoke a word and had an angry look on her face the whole time we were ordering. We sat down and waited for literally 25 minutes. My fiancé got up to check on the order and was told the Cry+Fry onion rings were taking a while. So he asked for our burgers, which they gave us. Decent burgers. Then we kept waiting. Nothing. Finally, he just went up and asked for a refund for the onion rings, since we literally ordered 40 minutes earlier. 
OK food, good atmosphere.... Bad service.FANTASTIC SERVICE, Awesome Happy Hour, Great Burgers, Great Onion Rings
Prices were really fantastic -
$3 Draft beers during Happy Hour (4pm-7pm; 10pm-2am).
$7 Cheese Burger that was delicious
Craft Beer Selection was medium sized, but well-selected.
Bartender was really nice, enthusiastic, and attentive.  
Only warning is to avoid the Peanut Butter Milkshake unless you like to drink liquified peanut butter - just way too much artificial peanut butter taste (like eating the inside of a Peanut Butter Cup without the chocolate)Love the organic and all natural food! The burgers were delicious. I got the CEO while my wife got built her own. Both were amazing! We also got the parm and herbs fries which were good, but not great. Very dry. Overall very good. But I'll get regular fries next time. PS a single fries to share is enough.Good quality, not very fast, friendly service, good onion rings, good ambient! Easy to find!!I have to stick with giving that place a bad review. And it gets worse the longer I think about it. 
The food was good. The burger was good. Slightly better than five guys. But it was overpriced. And despite pretending it was otherwise, it was a hamburger.
Don't label yourself "burgers for foodies." Just don't use the word foodies, or whatever new trendy term you learned and want to show off. Prove it. 
And the atmosphere was horrible. If burger fi was a person, it would be some obnoxious, over the top, full of himself inauthentic hipster. Who thinks he's cooler than you because his daddy's rich and he knows a few buzz words. 
And maybe learn the fundamentals of table placement before creating cramped, overcrowded seating areas where nobody has enough room to sit or stand. 
And lose the communal tables. It's a burger joint. You feed carnivores. Nobody wants to sit and stare at strangers attack and devour a slab of meat. 
And, burger fi, don't you ever, ever again use you word craft beer when you have bud light on display. 
You know what burger fi? Shut up. You're a McDonald's with some fancy clothes you bought with money somebody else earned. No amount of steampunk lighting fixtures or fake hipster beards is gonna change that.We ordered ahead for take out 3 times since we work close by - each time there was something missing, 2 times we were charged for it.  Once we had to wait 20+ minutes for our take out order and the associate said that they were "waiting on fries" (as fries were coming out of the kitchen).  The CEO Burger was really good but the wait times, unfriendly staff and numerous issues with our orders means we won't be back.My dad and I were a little disappointed coming into Philly right as the Reading Terminal Market closed, as we chose our hotel for its close proximity. After walking a few blocks in a few different directions in search of dinner with little success, we decided to try out the cute burger place we'd passed on the way in. 
Man, was that a good choice!
Burgerfi has absolutely amazing burgers. Neither of us expected much since we come from a place with mostly subpar burger joints, so when we took those first bites - Wow! Both of us were totally impressed! Not only was it just the right amount of "soggy/firm," but it also tasted pretty beautiful. I strongly suggest trying out some burger-sauce combos on the "build your better" part of the menu (my one, only, and happiest combination being ketchup, yellow mustard, burgerfi sauce, and cheese sauce). They had awesome customer service, awesome burgers, great atmosphere, and delicious onion rings. The fries were not my favorite compared to the rest of the food, but were definitely not bad. Overall, it was a great surprise and a happy way to end the day!stopped in BurgerFi today for the first time and it was packed. i was anxious to compare it to five guys which ive always felt was way overrated. i made sure to check their menu offerings at home online before going just to speed up the ordering process when i arrived. they seem to have what most every burger joint has, a selection of customizable burgers, hot dogs, fries, etc. i went with four friends and because we had to hold our table, two of us stayed behind while the other three ordered. although we only ordered maybe five mins after the first three it seemed to take alot longer for our food to come. 
on to the food. the burgers were just okay. nothing spectacular. maybe just a little bit better than five guys (which isnt really hard to accomplish in my opinion). the fries were really good but not quite as good as five guys. the real standout at BurgerFi though would have to be their ginormous onion rings. these things are COLOSSAL. i will be gong back JUST for onion rings and fries. overall it wasnt a bad experience but i was expecting just a little bit more from the burgers. i would recommend hitting this place early to avoid crowds but that could very well be impossible due to its centralized location. 
and btw, the chairs in this place SUCK. they are extremely small and offer ZERO back support and are very difficult to even drape your coat/jacket over.Not impressed at all.. 
First off, this place is way to expensive for what you get. The "Double" burger is the size of a Junior Cheeseburger from Wendy's and you get nothing on the side with your meal. If my 10 dollars plus for my drink, burger and fries were bad enough, the burger that they served me was charred to a Crisp. 
I'm all about Grass fed, no GMO beef and all that happy crap. But come on. This does not mean you can screw the consumer with pitiful Morsels of beef just because it's Organic..   
I'll give a star for the beer and wine options but that's it. For the money you spend in this over hyped, trendy fast food joint it's not worth it. Go across the street to the Reading Terminal Market for a real meal!"Welcome to BurgerFi" is what you're greeted with by a cheery employee. I'm OK with that. Grilled Mushrooms are a $1 extra?! I'm not OK with that. Went there to build my own burger and I felt like from the moment I walked in, this place had a very Shake Shack feel, right down to the presentation. Mind you, Shake Shack doesn't have its name stamped on the bun. Generally speaking, I think it's a good burger, but easily forgettable. I had the onion rings and felt like it had more batter than onion, so that was a turn-off. They have beer and beer makes everything better.The Burger was okay, but not the size. Specially if it's the most expensive one on the menu I'd expected to get way more. They are friendly yes, but also pretty slow preparing your food. The location is okay but wouldn't be my favorite choice.As burger joints go most are run of the mill. The difference with this place was the great staff. My family walked in here on a Friday around noon after having to leave Reading Terminal because it was just too packed. The cashiers were SOO friendly to our party which included a tired, hungry & cranky little one. Our burgers were great. Loses one star because the onion rings are too large and have too much onion in relation to the breading.Visiting from Texas and this is literally this best burger I've had this year. YumI felt like I was in the twilight zone. We were going to go to panera and saw this next store so we decided to try it instead. I mistakenly assumed it would be akin to a gourmet fast food joint. After waiting about 15 minutes after ordering we started to notice a lot of customers returning to the counter to complain. Two guests got their money back and left after waiting for who knows how long. Several more had mistakes with their orders or other issues. Are they just incompetent? Do they regularly have this many complaints? When the food came out it was not bad but the experience left much to be desired.Our burgers were great and our bartender Brian was awesome!! Very friendly and very knowledgeable about the beers. Gave us a great choice in Hoegaarden. Thanks Brian! We will definitely be back.Love their burgers; I just build my own! And the red velvet milk shake? Yummmy! Oh, their onion ring are my favorite and they have really nice customer service!Did not try the burger but fries and onion rings were pretty good! Oh and the Custard was good too!Pretty basic stuff, nothing special. Overpriced for what it is. I got a large fry, burger + onion ring and bacon for $15. Burger was ok, pretty small though. Fries were good because handcut but they were hard and seemed like they were sitting for a little bit. Wouldn't come back here again, especially if it was the afternoon since Reading Terminal is right across the street and you could get much better food there.My burger was fatty and burnt and had an awful taste. My fries were burnt and the cheese was horrible. I actually threw it all out. All of my original request that were on the menu I was told they ran out of. Go to Shake Shack it is the best burger in the city.