My Name John and my wife Tammy went Burger Bar a Gallo's . Not this time to eat a burger but for Caesar salad. It was awesome. Had few beers and left very satisfied.So we walked in and it's super cute and fun inside. We sat at the bar, the bartender was horrible. The app was great we had the wings. I tried two of the specialty drinks and they were both delicious. Our burgers came and the man asked for his well done and it was medium and besides that he loved it ( he added the fried egg on it). Mine was supposed to be med and it was raw. I ate around the edges and am praying I don't get food poisoning. She then offered us desert to make up for the burger and I was super excited because she said they had peanut butter pie!!! Then she said they were out if it. She did make me a brownie Sunday but the disappointment was there. The burger bar with tartar burgersLove going on Sundays because the burgers are 3.99, svedka mixed drinks are $3.00, and the craft beer pints are $3.00 all day.....don't forget the appetizers are 50% off as well. The crab bites are amazing and made with real crab meat and the wings are fried just right for the crispy spicy crunch. The waitress before 2pm is the best... Very friendly because its genuine for her.I'm giving this place 2 stars because the food was edible and didn't kill us. But the service was sub par and the food definitely lacked flavor.
So it's seat yourself. But we sat... And sat. And sat. Finally got asked for our drink order. But still didn't have any menus as the server cleaned tables around us. Got menus and waited for the Bloody Mary - that was basically cocktail sauce in a cup. I tasted zero alcohol and almost asked for shrimp to dip in it. We ordered the salt and pepper fries w cheese sauce. They were saltLESS and pepperLESS when they were brought out and the cheese sauce tasted like air. So maybe rename those fries... My man got the lobster roll. And I got the fish tacos, blackened. The lobster roll had no flavor at all. The lobster itself didn't even have any flavor. The sandwich had a piece of lettuce on it, that was the only flavor I tasted. And it was $20! No chips or fries w it either. What a rip off!! My tacos were ok. I added the sauce and salt and they were better than the lobster roll. But I am not sure why this place has 4 stars. We left pissed off and disappointed.Good burgers , great service... Nicole is a sweetie, who works the bar. Friendly and attentive 
My burger was very good , and filling!
Stop in and say hi to Nicole for lunchThe burger itself had good flavor, and was good value for the money, but despite being ordered medium it was really dry and overcooked around the edges.  
The atmosphere of the bar is not really cozy, it reminds me of a bar that would be in an airport or a hotel.  They were playing really bad music too.
The thing that really pisses me off about this place though, is that burgers don't come with fries.  And there's nothing wrong with that necessarily, but the problem is that you can't get an individual order of fries.  The only way you can order fries is this gigantic plate that is enough for four people.  Sorry but that is absolutely stupid.  You should be able to get a single order of fries appropriate for one person.  Why is a gigantic pile of them the only way to go?  Even worse, they're not even good fries really, they reminded me of high-school lunchroom fries that come from a freezer bag.  I really wanted fries with my burger but it pissed me off to have a humongous pile of uneaten ones leftover sitting in front of me, it made me feel like an asshole.Just ate here again. First time was worse atleast it was a step up. The burger I gotmwellmdone still came out pink but was really good beleive it or not. They forgot to bring our fries and onions rings then tried charging us for them. Trying to give it to us in auto go bag when we were done eating. The waitresses were outside smoking the whole time. Just wasnt a good experience again. That's two maybe down the linei will try one more time see if it gets better.We used to love the Burger Bar, but what happened to the Chop-Chop salad, no apples...what does it cost to have some apples on-hand for salads.  May have to find a new placeGiving this place 3 stars because I have been twice both for lunch. The first time was such a delight with great service and food! Went with a coworker and we both ordered burgers and fries. Really good! Would have given the place 4 or 5 stars for that visit. The second visit there were three of us eating and I give it 1-2 stars. We all ordered salads. (I know...it is a burger place). Our food took 40 mins to get after asking twice for an update. We were literally walking out the door when the food came. So we tried to quickly pay for it and get to-go boxes and that was even disastrous! Our server, took 10 mins to handle our checks and didn't even bring us the to-go boxes with plastic dinnerware. There was no apology from our server, Dorisa, as to why the food took so long. I also tried to get the young lady at the bar to take our checks and to get us plastic dinnerware and she quickly said "I can't take your checks. It has to be your server" Then she also handed off getting the dinnerware to our server too! Not sure what was going on today with the service but it was subpar all the way around! No compensation or apology for our wait was given. Just FYI...an apology goes a LONG way with customers!Came here with a few friends today and we were all pretty impressed.  I got the smokehouse burger with BBQ sauce, bacon, and little onion rings on it.  About halfway through I was sad because I didn't want the burger to end!  I kind of want another one right now.  The boy got the 5 napkin burger and loved it, while my other friends just got plain cheese burgers.  They also all enjoyed their shakes.   I was a bit underwhelmed by the parmesan fries, but would gladly give the salt and pepper fries a try.  
Compared to center city burger prices, this place is a bargain.  Adult milkshakes are under $10.00!  Try finding that downtown!There seafood salad is the best seafood topped salad, it has jumbo lump crab,scallops,shrimp,blue cheese bacon and a great dressing. Love the placeOk. So I try this place out for the first time. The name alone was exactly what I wanted,Burger Bar. Food was very good. I had bacon blue cheese burger and a Yards Pale Ale. The burger was cooked to perfection. Ran into a bit of a snag when I went to pay the bill with my cc. I wasn't told at the beginning of my meal that the CPU's were down and they were only accepting cash. No biggie, but I didn't have any cash on me. I was asked by Diane the manager to exit the building and walk a half a block to the ATM. This is certianly an inconvenience. However, Diane was kind enough to pay for my beer for the inconvenience. All in all Jenn my bartender and Diane made my first Burger Bar experience enjoyable. Will return...soon.Went back 2 more times - burgers were just as good and service was great tooBest burgers ever, not a fan of the onion rings, too much batter for me  but husband loved them too. . We live in jersey but we'll be back.  Yummmm and good prices  pickles and slaw good tooMy husband and I have been coming here for years. We always liked the happy hour special, especially the cheddar burger. A couple of times the bar was full, so we sat at a little bar with two seats at the end, next to the doorway to gallos, just until seats opened up at the bar. This was never an issue before. For some reason, the same bartender that's been serving us for years refused to serve us the happy hour special. Because of the awful treatment and her rudeness, we will never go back there again.My parents rave about this place so I decided to give it a shot.
I Sat at the bar section and ordered a brew and a bacon cheeseburger. The burgers are cooked to your liking and are exceptional. Big and juicy beef, fresh toppings and a solid bun to support it all. 
The fries were above average and the service was very attentive. 
I would come back for sure.Very clean and simple inside with awesome burgers. Had a beer and a burger during happy hour a few times and never left disappointed! The bar staff are all very friendly and attentive. Definitely recommended if you are craving a delicious burger!I've been here a few times now and I really enjoy it as a lunch option since it is so close to my work. The smokehouse burger is my personal favorite as are the waffle fries. I recently tried the veggie melt for the first time which was HUGE disappointment, but I guess that's on me for going to a burger place and getting a vegetable sandwich.
I would also strongly suggest trying the spiked shakes along with waffle fries. The onion rings are OK, but only OK. I have never had a problem with the service. 
Overall, just a really great local burger place.You know what? I must confess I've driven past this place probably a thousand times before going in. I've been told by over a dozen people that it's really great, too. But for some reason, I dragged my feet on checking this place out, and I couldn't tell you why. Is it because it's attached to the not-so-great-anymore Gallo's? Possibly. Is it because they are located on a weird part of Pennypack Circle, and appeared to be a pain in the ass to get to? Probably. Or, is it because I'm a moron and don't listen to my friends' recommendations? Most definitely.
Hubby and I walked in for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. The place has a really cool casual vibe, with nice but not overdone decor. The first thing we noticed was the specials board that ran from the floor to the ceiling. This place is amazing for Happy Hour and all day on Sundays. They had amazing specials - $4 cheddar burgers, buck a shuck oysters (Blue Points that day), $3 craft beers, and a special on Stoli vodka that was either $3 or $4. 
We started with a dozen oysters. Not only were they very fresh, but they were shucked beautifully. We were really impressed. The only thing that could have made it (a lot) better would be some mignonette. Why don't you serve mignonette with your oysters? WHY?!
Anyway, for lunch we ordered two burgers - I had the Smokehouse and Hubby had the Burger Bar Classic. Both Burgers were a little overcooked (we ordered medium and they came out on the well side), but they were still juicy and flavorful. The toppings on both were wonderful! Personally, I think a burger isn't perfect unless it is messy and full of toppings and dripping down your face. We also tried the Garlic Parmesan Fries on the side (one order if enough for 2-4 people) and they were awesome too. I was worried they would be greasy, but they were nice and crispy with plenty of cheesy, garlicky flavor.
We sat at the bar, and the bartender was very sweet and attentive. I am glad I finally took everyone's advice and tried this place out, because I will be back!
Note: I found the easiest way to get into the parking lot is to come in off of Rhawn Street and go through the parking lots to get to the back.Went to the burger bar after doing a search for a nearby burger joint. We were very happy with the service and the burgers. The waitress was VERY sweet and attentive and the decor was clean, new and very streamlined. The kids shared a cheese burger, I got the BBCB (Need blue cheese on my burger) My husband got the BBQ burger with bbq sauce, cheddar, bacon and  frizzled onions. The burgers were cooked perfectly (Medium) the fries were DELISH (waffle are a favorite) and the milkshakes were rich and big enough for all of us to share. If I weren't pregnant I would have tired a "spiked" milkshake, YUM. Next time I guess! We will definitely make a trip back, and recommend this place to others.The bar tender has a bad haircut and is rude for someone with a bad haircut and a stupid ear ring. My boyfriend and I were just there and sat there waiting for our drinks for 15 minutes. Didn't show that they were interested but sat in the corner talking to her friends...in between of being lost and trying to find the meaning of life. We got up and left because we don't want our money to go to people like thatA great spot for lunch! I pass it quite ofte. On the boulevard .It's connected to gallos, so when you park, head and go to the big sign that says burger bar and it's a whole other feeling. Staff is great and accommodating. Bar is clean and appointed; restaurant is clean and tastefully decorated with an urban feel. I tried the turkey burger which in my opinion, is the first thing you should try in a new restaurant (like a burger bar) if you wanna go back. If they make their turkey burgers well, the rest of their burgers have to be good. This burger was spot on! Perfect amount of cheese and onions. The burger was spiced well and cooked perfectly. This is definitely a place to try out if you're in the Northeast area of Philly.Friday lunch was amazing!!! Love the food and staff. So friendly. We ordered 5-napkin burger,lump crab cake, fish tacos, veggie sandwich, buttermilk chicken sandwich, cheese burger and barbecue bacon burger. We were hungry and couldn't take pics. As it was Friday lunch from work couldn't get that beer burger combo. Definitely will visit again for napkin burger.We've been here twice so far. It's good, but doesn't beat BBP. The waitresses are very nice. Cute place. Decent prices. The fries and onion rings are enough for 2-3 people. Onion rings are very crispy. My burger was good, but nothing I would rave about.One of the best burgers I've ever had out.  Our server, Vince, was excellent. Will definitely be going back...soon.Some of the best bar food in NE Phila  hand made black angus char broiled burgers beats any place just add a1 sauce to it and no need for anything else  crab bites are real not frozen junk.Servers and Bartenders are topFantastic burgers but a little pricey. It was worth it though. Unfortunately the sides (fries) cost extra, but they were delicious. We got Parmesan garlic fries, the smokehouse burger, and 5-Napkin. I really do recommend the smokehouse.  You could tell everything was fresh and made to order. I'll be going back, and can't wait to try another delicious burger.Burger bar at Gallo's , this was my second time there , bar tender was nice and friendly , the burger was awesome. My wife and son got different Burgers. They were very pleased with the food. And waffle fries were good our friends loved the place too. Waffle fries with cheese and Caesar salad with baked chicken was awesome too. I would go back again and againI visited last night for the second time to celebrate my mother-in-law's birthday. We arrived around 7:30 and it was definitely crowded, but our party of 4 had no problem being seated immediately.
Our server greeted us immediately and took our drink orders. We ordered some beers and looked over the menu. I hadn't noticed it before, but the lobster mac & cheese from the attached Gallo's restaurant also appears on the Burger Bar menu, which my MIL promptly ordered. I ordered the crab cake sandwich and my husband and sister in law each ordered burgers. We also got two orders of those amazing garlic parmesan fried for the table.
Just like my last visit, everything was really delicious, piping hot, and perfectly cooked. I could not have been happier with my meal and, judging by the silence at the table, my fellow diners agreed. This place definitely really has my attention for their consistency, and I'm once again thrilled that we have a place like this so close to home. Our check total was only around $80 for 4 people with beers, so I'd say it's a pretty damn good deal, too!A little pricey, but great service, great drink, great food!! Usually turkey burgers are throwaway items in this type of place. But, it was the juiciest, most seasoned one I have had yet. I would definitely returnThis place has nice atmosphere. The food is surprisingly really great..  It's hard to find a fun casual place like this in NE Philly. Good place to go for drinks with a few friends.Food is very delicious waitresses was very nice would recommend. While at this place i ate onions rings,burgers and clamsWe had a terrible experience the service was horrible.  It was my birthday and I was excited about the menu. But we will never know because we did not get to eat.  We ordered a shake for my wife and I ordered a water.  They came to the table with tow waters on a tray gave me one and took the other one to another table.  While we waited for the waiters return to take our order there was a group that came in and waitress to be seated.  After a long wait they were seated and then waited even longer.  Then a waiter came over and took there order and not ours.  So we left will never go back and will always have a bad taste in my mouth for the awful service.Running a successful restaurant seems, to me anyway, a delicate and stressful balancing act. If everything is done right and everyone does their job and does it well, everyone loves you. Let someone drop the ball just once and see what happens.
I've been to the Burger Bar numerous times and have always been happy. They have some of the best burgers in NE Philly not to mention their oysters which are fresh, sweet and expertly prepared. Their seafood chowder is awesome and if it does come out of a can, they must do an awful lot of doctoring because it's really good. Creamy, thick and flavorful with chunks of crab and shrimp that sure doesn't taste like canned to me. 
Even though the food is good, sadly on a chilly Saturday early afternoon, they dropped the ball.
My daughters and I decided to take my two grandchildren out for an early lunch. Good burgers for the grandkids and decent Bloody Marys and oysters for us. Perfect. 
We took off our coats, sat down and waited for a server. Ten minutes later one approached our table. She took our drink orders and went to the bar. I really want to go on about how bad this was and how a couple that came in after us were served but the short of it was that it took 25 minutes just to get 3 Bloody Marys and 2 Cokes. At that time she took the rest of our order. Keep in mind that there were only about 7 other patrons in this place. After1 full hour, 2 servers brought a completely different order to our table. At that point I'd had it and we left.
Sorry Gallo's but you really need to work on creating a much better and maybe a little more caring staff.This place hands down has the best homemade seasoned burgers and their salt and pepper fries with the white cheddar sauce is to die for. If you're ever in the area I suggest to stop by. The atmosphere is also very nice. Small intimate place that has a well stacked bar. Perfect for a date or just a trip there with your homie to watch a game, eat the best burger and have a beer. Love this spot. They've never disappointed.OMG! So freaking yummy! Love love love their Garlic Parm Fries. Pricey yes, but well worth it. BIG yummy juicy burgers, is a big bang for your buck.Live across the street and IDE rather go somewhere else. First of all it is connected with galos but if you want a burger and something on galos menu u have to order at each one separately even though inside they say thier the same Restraunt and are connected.Went to burger bar on a carb free diet wondering how I was going to manage. Waitress Regina helped me have the perfect lunch and now I can't wait to go back! The food was so fresh and it was the first time I had a burger out that tasted like a burger should! The spicy shrimp were were so delicious I didn't want to share even one and saved the spicy garlic oil to drizzle over my burger and beautiful fresh lettuce, tomato and onion. I could eat this Every Day! Regina was so sweet she was more like a friend then a waitress making sure we had everything we needed, always smiling and sweet. I will never go anywhere else for a burger craving. How could I when I've had the best!One of the best turkey burgers I have ever had!! Their bay fries (waffle fries with old bay seasoning and side of with cheese dipping sauce) is absolutely amazing. I would recommend this spot to anyone in the Philly area. Great customer service too :).So the 7 of us decided to see for ourselves if the Burger Bar was all that. The place is terribly noisy due to the construction which looks cool but radiates sound badly. They seem to not be able to accommodate larger parties well. I can say the Fish Tacos where good. The huge 5 Napkin Burger with an Egg on top was Big but it didn't blow me away. Nice Onion Rings. Terrible Calamari and considering that it's part of Gallo's Seafood what's that about. A couple of people ordered the Crab Cake sandwiches  which featured a lot of bread not real good. The shoestring fries served cold and not very special. I like the Burgers at Vintage in Abington better.The bar tender has a bad haircut and is rude for someone with a bad haircut and a stupid ear ring. My boyfriend and I were just there and sat there waiting for our drinks for 15 minutes. Didn't show that they were interested but sat in the corner talking to her friends...in between of being lost and trying to find the meaning of life. We got up and left because we don't want our money to go to people like that.I came here for a late lunch on a Sunday afternoon and was pleasantly surprised.
The Caesar salad I ordered as an appetizer was very delicious and one of the best Caesars I've ever had.
Their burgers lacked flavor but nothing a little salt and pepper couldn't do and their french fries were on point. I took a milkshake to go for my husband and had a few sips on the way home. It was really good. The service was good and I look forward to another outing in the future.I had been wanting to try Burger bar for quite a while and finally got the chance.  It was a pretty cool little place with a decent bar that looked like I would be happy sitting at.  Now for the food:
-I got the smokehouse burger, and I ordered it medium.  It was cooked well and was nice and juicy.  The bacon was thick cut and crispy.  The onion straws were crispy but were over season so they were just "ok".
-My girlfriend got the classic burger and it looked delicious but she said it was a bit too greasy.
-The pulled pork was ordered too, but I did not try it.  It looked like pretty good BBQ though.  
-We also got an order of fried pickles which are really good too!
-Overall it was very good and I would definitely go back.  The only thing preventing a higher rating was the service.  Our waitress was very nice but was pretty inconsistent.  The place was not busy and sometimes she would disappear and other times she would be around too much.  Overall...a great burger and definitely worth the trip!Last month, I had a few week period where all I was craving was iron and red meat. Thankfully, it wasn't a pregnancy induced craving!
The Burger Bar is one of the places we stopped at while in Philly. The Burger Bar portion is in the back of Gallo's, with a small outside deck. It was actually nice out then, not part of this string of 100 degree days the Mid Atlantic is currently enjoying, so we sat there. Good choice because it was nice, poor choice because there was a family with multiple demon spawn wreaking havoc all over the deck. Hopefully they tipped the poor waitress well.
As for the food, we ordered an order of onion rings and an order of fries with our burgers. Good choice because they were both awesome, poor choice because they were both massive orders. Definitely enough for at least 4 people, and there were only 2 of us. The burgers were good and giant, but they were a mess to eat. They were really juicy so they basically disintegrated the first bite.
Not as cheap as Five Guys, but still reasonably priced. Our waitress was super nice and attentive, despite having to wait on the demon spawn table.This place was a great surprise: juicy burgers in the Northeast!
And since No. 3rd is just too far away and not practical for kids, this is good news. Granted it's a bit expensive after ordering a 7 or 8 dollar burger and some beers (like $80 for family of 4), it's nice to know it's there if I want a burger and a beer.
I ordered my usual burger fav: medium patty with cheddar, bacon and even threw on a sunny side up egg. YUM. The fries were awesome. 
The decor was great too.....just dark enough for the cool lighting to set the mood, trendy, modern. It was like going to center city without having to go to center city. They had a faux fireplace (digital??) in the corner that I thought was really nice. This place was decorated well enough that it's great for taking out the kids for a nice meal or having a romantic, intimate dinner on a date.
Kids enjoyed their burgers, of course, well...my little one decided he didn't want to eat, but what do you want, he's 3. lol
I recommend ordering minimal sides of fries (they don't come with your burger) because two people can usually share one order and as we all know, fries don't make great leftovers.
Five stars for being the only burger joint of this caliber in the northeast, as far as I know. It's not cheap, like fast food is, but I can't say it's too expensive either, so I won't be reducing a star just because I'm on a budget. Definitely worth a visit.Onion rings are plentiful and hot but taste lightly of calamari. Yuck. Big, juicy, medium-well burger, just like I ordered it.  Tasty. Worth the 20.00. No. I could have gone to five guys, but I appreciated the service, so I coughed up the dough for good service and s nice burger. Please do something about the onion rings.Yum! Good burgers and fast, friendly service. All our family could ask for after a late soccer game!I have not been to this place in years. Good to see that it has been updated. We were seated as soon as we walked in. 
Specials we had were the chicken parmigiana and crab cakes. So we ordered both. To start a standard house salad was served first with house dressing.
Our main dishes arrived shortly after. The food was decent and served hot. For dessert we had Icecream. We also had cocktails before and after dinner.
Kim at the bar was fantastic and had us memorized. As soon as we were out she was there to serve us once again.
After not going to this place for a long time it was nice to see some old things still have charm.Burger great!   Peanut butter shake awesome!This is a great place.
I'm a huge fan of burgers!  If all else fails, but your burgers are good, I'll forget everything else.  I went here on a weekday with my parents.  I honestly didn't have high hopes for this place, and I'd be lying if I said it didn't begin impressing me from the moment I stepped out of the car.  The design of the place looks more like a trendy bar/restaurant out of a much trendier neighborhood, than one of the many bland locations along Roosevelt Blvd.  The front porch, while I would rather it were located in a different place, evoked some fun images of hanging out with friends there over the Summer.  As far as the aesthetic is concerned, this place loses points only for its parking lot frontage.  It's a win everywhere else.
As far as the burgers are concerned...  I was pleasantly surprised by their quality.  It is easily one of the best burgers I've eaten anywhere in Northeast Philly.  I eat my burgers at Medium, and will not eat a burger cooked higher than that.  I must admit it was a tad undercooked for medium, but it was so delicious I hardly noticed.  This place is definitely on my short list of places to eat.  Anyone can make a burger, but few places make one worth coming back for, and Burger Bar is definitely worth going back to for more!
The service was great.  I do not remember the server's name, sorry, but he was incredibly friendly and accommodating.  I informed him that my burger was undercooked, and it took about 5 minutes to convince him that I was, indeed, OK with eating it that way.  He never the less, went and informed the kitchen of the problem!  
Over all, while I do not very much like the location, Burger Bar is well worth putting into your dining out rotation.  If this is the direction Northeast Philly restaurants/bars are taking, then sign me up!
I can't wait to go back again!The "hostess", a bored young girl who had no other duties it seemed than pouting while sitting on one of the ottoman's near the front door or walking us to a table. 
Waitress arrives, we place our order; onion rings, waffle fries with chili and cheese and Burger Bar Specials.
Waitress is visible stressed as she has to get our silverware and napkins after she dropped off our apps. Hostess seats any new diner, at least 4 couples since we arrived, all in our area, further stressing the waitress. Perhaps if the hostess also made sure diners had their set-ups, she would act less bored and would cause less stress on what seemed to be the only waitress in the place.
The menu states; Our Burgers are cooked Medium unless Otherwise Requested. So since we wanted them to be Medium, no further mention needed to be made. 
That was a shame since the burger arrived Medium Rare, a bit too pink for me, but the waitress never checked back with us, so we were stuck with the burger that even the chef couldn't get right. Disappointing because this is a Burger Bar, they should get this 1 thing right.
The chili on the fries was just an awful, greasy, bean-y mess that could have been  much better if it didn't come from a can. Onion rings were not very hot, more like they had been siting on a counter for 10 mins before brought to our table. Neither of the starters tasted appetizing and we left them mostly uneaten.
A few blackboard specials, but you had to actually sit at the bar on a bar stool to get anything on that list. I actually saw 2 women have to move from their table to the bar, a foot away, just so they could order from the blackboard specials.
Very odd that the "patio seating" on this rainy night was occupied by diners who just had to go outside for a smoke while waiting for their food that was delivered inside. I had to walk through this on my way in and way out. Gross. Don't think I'll go back or recommend to anyone, unless they want to go for some beers or a shot.Food was so and so and the buns on the burgers taste old. Service was so immature like really you have customers here who came in first and you prioritize your friends have some good work ethics please and don't give us an attitude when we didn't leave you a $15 dollar tip. Our food costs $35 and with your crappy attitude we gave you $7 be thankful! That guy needs to calm down.We had a smokehouse and blue cheese take out burgers. Unfortunately those burgers were the worst we've had in awhile ...Burgers were dry.. it tasted like a re-fried patty, fries were really gummy. Such disappointing experience we didn't expect it based on the reviewsSeafood bisque is available even though it isn't on the menu. Their chipotle ketchup is phenomenal when paired with their Parmesan fries. Their burgers, of course are always flawless and cooked to temperature liking. The BBC's bleu cheese is like no other. And the barbecue sauce on their Burger Bar Special is out of this world.Three of my friends and I ventured down the Boulevard on a chilly winter day in hope of warming up with some comfort food... And Burger Bar did not disappoint. Two of us got the Smokehouse Burger, Burger Bar's take on a barbecue burger, which was piled high with onion strips and smothered in melted cheddar cheese and barbecue sauce. The bun was a perfect vehicle for the delectable meat that traveled into my mouth and crashed into my taste buds, causing a fiery explosion of AWESOME.  The four of us also ordered one plate of waffle fries (and American cheese, of course) and onion rings. The rings were fried to perfection, and, just a little cheat for more adventurous foodies, dipping the onion ring into the American cheese that comes with the waffle fries is not a bad idea. 
To top off my meal, I ordered a chocolate milkshake. Its perfect consistency and even better flavor gave it all the makings for one of the best shakes I've had in a long time.
All in all, a great dining experience. If you're in the neighborhood and are looking for a good burger, look no further. Burger Bar is here.So my wife and I were dying for a burger and didn't feel like driving too far. The burger bar had just opened and we figured we would give them a try. When we walked in it was very new and it had a nightclub feel to it. I know that they were going for a modern feel but for me it felt out of place. When I think burgers I'm thinking a diner/50`s feel. Besides that everything else was amazing. The old folks could still go to Gallos for an early bird special and we could get a burger at the burger bar.If you live in the Northeast and don't feel like sitting in five guys eating peanuts then you should check out the burger bar.The premise that no one but old people eat at Gallo's is true; the only times I've ever been was when I was invited by my friend's grandmom and noticed the place looked like a local retirement home's cafeteria broke and they sent them over to Gallo's.
Burger Bar has the unfortunate timing of following up Sketch within the same week. That place knows how to make a burger right, and goddamnit, I'm still craving their food. Sorry about the tangent, but BB@G was lame in comparison. 
Started it off with some parm shoe-string fries, and boy where they thin and unsatisfying. I really enjoy my fries thick, but would make concessions if something else offset the lack of content. The grated parm did no such thing for the fries. I ordered the Smokehouse [fried onion sticks, bacon, cheddar, and bbq sauce] medium, and it was as listless as they come. I mean, the burger had no flavor; it almost seemed as if it was a blackhole of flavor and was stealing it from the onions, cheese, and bacon. For the first time in years, I had to reach for the salt and pepper shaker.
Last demerit was the service. Between getting our appetizer and ordering our food, it was a good 20, 25 minutes. We had to ask for our server, and it still took 5 minutes after that for them to come and take our order. The place was in no way packed, and my beer was on empty for a good portion of it.
Gallo's you fail to impress. Old people may like your shit, but some herbs and spices won't kill you. Afterall, you do need a new following once your current crop of customers pass over the vail.The Perfect Little Burger Spot In The Northeast. Please Be Aware, Fries And Onion Ring Orders Can Definitely Be Shared By 2! Although The Turkey Burger Is A Patty And Not Grounded Meat...It Is Still Deliciously Flavorful!!
My companion had the classic burger and I was a bit jealous. That burger, cooked to perfection, was nice and juicy. We sat outside and it was perfect, not too hot, not too cold. When Craving A Good Burger This Place Is The Answer!!Surprising to find a great burger in the vast food wasteland of NE Philly
These guys ,make a really good Burger that you would never find unless u were escorting your grandparents to Gallo's seafood on the boulevard and Holmes ave where they connect to a dirant corner.
Excellent fries waffle or shoestring twice cut and good crab ball app I suspect from gallos but the burgers come a dozen or so ways none
More than 8 bucks,  friendly youthful service and lot's of "I heard that one is good".   Full bar and spiked and regular shakes.  A real bargain. Unfortunately no deliveryNice little burger restaurant in Northeast Philly. We ordered the Smokehouse Burger and it was delicious! We also ordered the onion rings and parmesan-garlic French fries. One side would been plenty because they are very large portions. The French fries were okay, but the onion rings were better. Definitely will try the waffle fries next time! Very good prices as well!This place has some great burgers. Fries are great.  Nice quite place.  Sit outside.  Great place to just chill and eat some good burgers.the burgers here are truly an experience.  we've been going here since they've opened.   I've tried some of the others,  but keep going back to their special.  it's perfect.  if u like a good burger,  fries. ...u can't go wrong here.  take out works great also.  when u get it home,  most take out is soggy and lost something in the move.   these burgers remain hot,  on a non soggy, non greasy roll.  one of the best burgers in Philly or anywhere else for that matter. ...Me and my girlfriend love the food here, every time it's perfect but the service, that's another story. Me and my girlfriend visited on 11/5 around 730pm. The place was empty, a few people at the bar so we sat wherever we wanted. We always order the same thing, crab bites, burgers and salt and pepper fries. The burgers always to forever to come out even when it's dead. Everything's fresh but over 25 mins for a burger? 
As I was sitting there I was reading the specials.  They have half prices apps and 3.99 burgers but only if you sit at the bar, that is a dumb idea in my opinion.  My and my girlfriend like to sit at a table top to enjoy our food not hunch over a bar so why don't we get the same deal as the people at the bar? I know you have to order a drink in order to get the deal but I could just order one at the table, what's the difference? 
As we were sitting there, 2 different groups of people tried to come in and eat, the waitress stopped them stating that they were closed, it was only like 830pm. I asked the waitress why they were closed and she said "because it's dead". Also she stated that it's the owners decision.  I've never been to a restaurant where they turn down customers before close. 5 mins before then yeah maybe but you just can't close whenever you please. Those people who tried to come in and eat will never come back. 
The place is nice but I'm always asking myself why is it always empty? I got my answer tonight.  BAD SERVICE!Everyone has a different opinion of what a burger should be.  Some, like an earlier reviewer, bemoaned the absence of "seasoned beef," while others crave a preponderance of toppings.
I'm a purist, and if a burger begins with good, high-quality ground beef, cooked to order and to the customer's doneness preference, I like it.  I can season my own beef.  Likewise, I only care about a few toppings, chief of which is carmelized onions, which the Burger Bar does very well.
The only downside I found was the substantial distance from the outdoor patio to the bathrooms inside of Gallo's restaurant.I probably wouldn't be writing this if it hadn't been for two servers over the last 3 months. Kimberly and Victor. Thanks to them, and the great oysters, Bloody Mary's and Cosmo's, my faith has been restored. Thanks guys!!One of those places you hate to give a good review to since it'll be too crowded to get a seat when you go back. This is a real gem. The burgers are fantastic, the beer pretty reasonable. Tried some of the appetizers, the calamari is very good. Tip: sit at the bar for some really fantastic happy hour (Sun-Thurs after 4) pricesAfter reading all the great reviews on Burger Bar I was pretty excited to get food from here.  Got two burgers and an order of onion rings to go, came home and chowed down.  My food was warm and really it should have been hot given that I live 5 minutes away.  The onion rings were good and came with ranch dressing.  Burgers were big and juicy.  I got mine cooked medium and it was cooked just right.  Our other burger should have been medium rare but that was medium as well.  Overall the food was pretty average and somewhat disappointing.  I do appreciate the addition to gruyere cheese to the menu but don't see myself rushing back here.The service was good.  The sever was friendly.  I've been here a couple of times and keep coming back hoping to find something that I like but I don't.  I should probably just give up at this point.  I ordered the CCBC burger and asked for it med-well.  It was closer to medium then anything else.  I just haven't been impressed.  Bobby's Burger Palace is way better.This is one of my most fav spots when visiting my significant other in Philly!  Burgers are great. Waffle fries and onion rings are tasty and the buffalo wings are yummy.  They also have a cute front patio to enjoy the weather while eating.  Service is pretty good... Unless you get this one young guy.  He always acts scared and frantic to serve us lol.  Maybe this job is helping him to develop his social skills?Okay so let me first by starting that I googled best burgers in Philadelphia. Of course I got nothing interesting but I received numerous reviews and info on cheesesteaks!! So I finally go to yelp and BURGER BAR on Roosevelt Boulevard is one of my options. I then view and investigate the options that I have and immediately I click on viewing the pictures for the Burger Bar restaurant. So of course all the pictures were wonderful and the food looked very well prepared and it only made my mouth watery and my belly growling want me to get a bite on that burger! So I gear up my two daughters which are nine and 10 years old. We first arrive and the parking lot was packed and realized that majority of the people there or at the seafood part of the restaurant. So we come in and were greeted immediately and we are immediately taken back to our table. So we are seated at a table and the waitress Kim comes fairly quickly to see if we were interested in any appetizers or drinks. we decided to get the garlic and pepper french fries which were wonderful because me and my daughters demolish them. The cheese is somewhat like Chickies and Pete's cheese. So you can imagine that the cheese was amazing nice and warm. So once we get our fries she takes are order and she was very superb in every aspect of making sure burgers were prepared properly. So normally when I go to a burger place/steak place I always order
medium well however it never comes back properly. So I am a little concerned because I got all three burgers well-done but not burnt or crispy at all. Well the burgers came quickly and they were the best burgers that me and my two daughters have ever eating. I observed both of my daughters burgers once they have taken a bite,  you could see  how moist the burger was   and taste the juices that were inside the burger. I also have to express that the tomatoes lettuce.onions the pickles they were all good and tasted fresh. Oh one other thing , the burger was nice and hot when it arrived than when you took your first bite you could see the steam escaping from the burger. The bun was also very warm and soft, it was not chewy at all, it also was fresh.  Ok now the service! Out waitress was Kim. Let me start out by saying that she was very professional and she was very pretty. I noticed Kim had other tables but I felt that we were never neglected or unnoticed the entire time we were there. You can tell that she was keeping a close eye on her tables because before we ever ran out of something , Kim was Johnny on the spot in asking if we needed a refill or do we need anything else. So I will continue to keep expressing over and over how great Kim was in making us feel very comfortable and relaxed. I did however notice that there was a child's birthday and they went over and did the whole happy birthday clapping song. I really thought that this was inappropriate cheesy and it just didn't really fit the proper setting. So the price. The price was outstanding for the quality food and service that you receive.  In my own opinion. The only thing that I would suggest would be that the light be just a little tab brighter and the tables be bigger so that you don't feel all Cramped once everything comes to the table . In closing. This was just a great experience altogether. They got it right. You never know what to expect when you go to a new restaurant for your very first time. I can say that we will be back and if anyone is looking for a burger joint restaurant Burger Bar is the place to go you will not be disappointed! Thank you Kim and the Burger Bar for making me and my daughters very happy and for us having a wonderful experience at your new Burger Bar restaurant.I live in Bala Cynwyd and took the long annoying ride on the 1 bus to get here so I walked in annoyed thinking that this better be good,service was great I got the onion rings and asked to have them first as an appetizer when they came out I was stunned to see how many they give you,it was easily enough for two people although the taste of them and the dipping sauce didn't blow me away they were still good.Now for the burger I chose avocado and fried egg for my topping,this burger is amazing!!!
Bun---plain,boring---this would be the best burger in the city if not for this boring bun (I know I've tried most of them lol)
Meat---awesome!!!very nicely seasoned without being overpowering
Toppings---many to choose from,great selection
I haven't had a burger that was so much better than this one except at Rembrandts at 23rd and Aspen that any burger lover from the Northeast would need to travel anywhere but here check out their happy hour specialsAlways love the burger bar..happy hour specials and buck a shuck can't beat it ! Seafood bisque is amazing..crab balls..so good.I love there bacon cheeseburger, I Prefer to get it well done because I don't like the pink and it always seems to be just right. Customer service is excellent as well, you're very kind and friendly with your customers.A well executed burger may just be the most satisfying thing to put in your mouth. I love burgers and mostly every time i go out that's what i order. If a restaurant can not make a burger well they do not deserve to be open. 
I highly approve of the burgers here. I went here on a weekday night with a friend from work to get BURGERS. I drive by this place every day on my way home from work and have been dying to go here and the long wait was worth it. The menu is straight forward and not confusing at all. The atmosphere is elegant but not overly classy for a burger joint. Walking in we were greeted nicely by a hostess dressed in all black. Definitely an inviting place for guys to go. Not a single male working in the place and every female was attractive. 
Service was good. After sitting down it only took about 2 minutes for our beers to arrive at the table and then we ordered. The menu consists of salads, burgers, sandwich's, and fries. They have a nice beer selection as well. A couple drafts and a decent amount of bottles.  Nothing crazy but just what you would expect. Highlight of the menu is the adult shakes. They have a caramel bourbon shake that is absolutely fantastic. A healthy amount of bourbon and nice touch of caramel. 
For burgers we both went with the smokehouse with a fried egg on top. The burger itself was cooked perfectly medium rare and it was seasoned pretty well. No fillers just salt and beef. Toppings on the burger worked well with each other. Crispy onions, BBQ sauce, bacon and a egg that was cooked just enough to be runny but not messy. The overall flavor was very pleasant. Another positive was that the bun was the perfect size for the burger. 
I will definitely be back to this place more often. It seems like a nice place to go after work to grab beers and a good place to hang out with some friends on a Friday or Saturday night. Prices are very reasonable for the quality of food you are getting. My overall experience was a great one.Not worth the $$$. Bacon blue cheese burger & fries. Fries sold separately at $3.00 a pop. Buyer was fair at best. Fries not worth $3.00. No napkins, condiments or utensils. . $15 for lunch, no value what so ever, won't be going back.Burgers are probably some of the best I have had ever (and I have eaten a lot of burgers) - Reasonably priced, nice drink selection - had the bourbon caramel milk shake - it was wonderful, but I wouldn't recommend drinking many of them - garlic fries and onion rings were out of this world - salt and pepper waffle fries were good too - had the smokehouse burger - house BBQ was spicy, onions were crisp - burger was GREAT - we ordered medium - but they were more medium rare than anything (maybe even rare), which was fine for me but one of the people that was with us was annoyed - they lost a star on service - the place can probably only fit about 40 people maybe and the tables are tight - every time the door opened the whole place became freezing - cools off your food quickly too - there is no hostess area and we were about halfway into the restaurant and seating ourselves before someone asked "how many" - I can see this not working at all on a weekend night - there was only about 8 people when we went in (Sunday at 330ish), but the service was still sketchy - the fries came out way after the burgers, which was annoying because then we had the food in front of us, but we still had to wait to eat - we waited forever for drink refills and ordered a second milkshake which never came - 15 minutes later they came and told us they were looking for caramel - if they would have told us right away we would have just gotten another shake - counting the hours until I will go back - but will definitely get the food to goTried the burger bar because of its YELP rating. Burger Bar has a Great atmosphere and food! The best burger I've ever had in NE Philly.A delicious burger spot in Northeast Philly! Burgers are juicy and delicious and I love that they have a "no carb" version without the buns. Although I thoroughly enjoyed my classic cheeseburger, I have to say the winner for me was their onion rings. My two friends and I orders a side of onion rings and a side of fries to share but it was enough for all 3 of us to eat as a meal alone! The onions rings we so delicious I could snack on them all day...and actually we had so much I had to take them home and did snack on them again!
The service here is very friendly and quick. I had no problems enjoying a relaxed sit down lunch and still get back to the office within my lunch hour. The restaurant is very young and hip; a big contrast to the semi formal setting Gallos Seafood which it shares a space with. I really enjoyed the Burger Bar and will defiantly be back.I've been to the Burger Bar twice now and both times its been a good experience. Both times we ordered the waffle fries and onion rings to start. The portions are huge and the onion rings which I usually don't like are my favorite on the menu. They are crisp and are lightly coated with old bay seasoning. I've had the texa BBQ and also the chop salad(not on the same visit) both were pretty good. The BBQ burger is messy so have your napkins handy. The parking is in a private lot, not like most restaurants in Philly, so thats a nice change. The prices are reasonable and both times there was no wait to be seated. In fact the last time we were there it was practically empty except for a few people sitting at the bar.The burgers here are fantastic. In fact these are the best burgers I've ever had in Philly. My favorite is the bacon cheeseburger with Applewood smoked bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato and onion.
The waffle fries are slammin'!
You have to eat here.