Cool place, chill vibe.  Didn't eat but the drinks were good.  No waitstaff, just order the drinks/food with the bartender and they bring them over.  It's got a tiki theme kinda, couple tropical drinks on the menu but not your usual Polynesia standards.  The Singapore sling was pretty legit and fairly reasonable at $9.I came here for the Happy Hour which is Monday to Friday 5-6 and they have an old school bulletin showcasing beer and wine all $3! The no frills, straightforward bar menu was perfect to end the work day. The vegetable spring rolls and fries along with the welcoming staff completed the relaxed vibe with some 80s playing in the background. I had a few of the menu items with a couple of their beer selections, and all were terrific. In particular, the salmon dip was a solid choice along with the other choices we made (described above). This place adds a lot to a great neighborhood, and as the night went on, it got busier and busier. Must check it out!I've only been here once for an after-work drink with some colleagues when it first opened, but it was an excellent little spot for a quiet drink and an unbeatable happy hour. We ordered wings, beer, and burgers and everything was delicious. I think we even ended up ordering a second round of fries because they were so tasty. 
I order cocktails more frequently than beer, so I always need help from bartenders when I want to order a brew. The staff here was knowledgeable and make excellent recommendations. The service was quick and attentive, and very friendly. 
Burg's name says it all and sets it apart from other bars in Philly, it really is a hideaway lounge that relaxes you after a day at the office. What a great new bar!Best Low key bar in Philly....... great burg'r for the price on a potato bun plus the beer selection is pretty solid some pretty cool people drink regularly here .... cheers Burgs I highly recommend itI've been here about five times and each time the bartenders have been awesome. A couple times I had to say "oh yeah, I forgot, these aren't my best friends, just friendly bartenders. " 
I've gotten the burger most frequently, it's got pork roll on it so, enough said, it's delicious. The wings are good too. 12/10. Would drink there again.This was my first time going here since it changed hands from Buckminsters. The location is very cozy. Nice lighting and was kept warm on the chilly night that we went there. Overall I liked my experience there but there were a few things that I didn't like. The bartender/server came to our table to say that we had to order from the bar. To me this didn't make any sense. They were already at our table, they could have taken our order right then and there. We ordered the special brisket chili, charcuterie board, burger, and wings. The brisket chili flavor was good, not great but good and it also came out luke warm. Also got the charcuterie board which only had meats no cheese. The burger and the wings were tasty. I live in the neighborhood and we've seen some businesses come and go and would like nothing more for this place to stay and do well. Just need to tighten up the service and food as I think over performing is crucial to staying in business here. We'll give them the benefit of the doubt since they just opened. Overall I would recommend it.Calamari and burger on point. Kimchi dumplings good too. Bartender was awesome - knows her shit. Definitely will be back at least for the calamari alone.This place is a gem. A cut above your average corner bar, great service and selection. Food is solid and it's walking distance from home, even if you're drunk. My new favorite spot.Cheap eats, good people, and good drink selection. The wings are delicious and the fries...amazing. Simple yet sweet menu.We went for Mother's Day brunch. The wait staff was really accommodating and got us a table for 5 adults, one toddler, and one infant. The drinks were really tasty (got mimosas and their take on a Bloody Mary). We really liked the breakfast items, but the star was honestly the burger. Our table was where the self service coffee urn was located, which was both fun (we got to meet a lot of neighbors) and a tad bit odd. My only complaint would be that they don't have tea.Nothing really distinctive here, the usual amenity aimed at neighborhood newcomers. Burger and fries were tasty, beer selection a little different from most, music not too loud for conversation, reasonably friendly staff. It's a basic bar -- nothing to cross town for, but fine. 
One thing really bothers me though: Why would anyone install counter-height benches and tables with no foot support at all? If you're under 6'5" (rough estimate) your feet are dangling in the air. After about 15 minutes the edge of the bench cuts off the circulation in your legs. It's painful. And why would this situation persist for what, a year? It's not hard to fix; just cut 6" off the legs, or weld a bar on or something. It makes me wonder if they care.Holy Cannoli!!! The burgers are some of the best. Have been here for brunch and dinner and my mind was blown. Food is beyond on point and very islandy. You know what I mean.Cool and much needed, new drinkery for Point Breeze. So far, so great. Great little gem for local folks.I would give this place 4.5 stars if I could!
I popped in here for brunch on Sunday around 11 am. There were a few open tables at that time so we easily picked a spot. The place is coool in its vibe, but still quiet and cozy. I loved that the coffee was self-serve at the front (you never have to worry about waiting for a coffee warm up here). 
I had a bacon egg cheese English muffin with a side of homefries. I know it sounds simple but something about this was just SO good. They didn't skimp on anything in the bfast sammy, and my potatoes were perfectly crisp. My bf had a bfast burrito that was loaded with avocado, rice and beans, topped with a sunny egg. His one complaint was the ratio was a little too in favor of rice and beans making the dish starchy and heavy. Some eggs in the burrito itself would've been better!
I highly recommend Burg's - it's a quality brunch where you can skip the wait time & not break the bank!!! Definitely worth making the trip down to point breeze!The food was so good here! It was affordable and every time I've been here the bartenders have been beyond nice. I hope more places like this open up in the area.Absolutely loved their food. Hideaway is accurate, didn't know what to expect in the area but their food and drinks were great. Probably one of the best bloody Mary's I've had in years.This neighborhood bar has a very chill vibe to it, as made clear by the 'hideaway lounge' theme and old school jukebox. The prices are amazing and the food and beer lists are even better.  I strongly recommend the burger, though you really can't go wrong with this menu, which has seasonal and other periodic updates.  It's great for brunch, a casual dinner/date, or late night drinks.
Protip: the seats have bars for your feet to rest on and orders are generally taken at the bar even if you're at a table.This is a really cute and quiet neighborhood bar. It's really nice because there aren't too many people, drinks are affordable, and it's a quiet place to have a conversation. Good finger foods and decent draft list. My only gripe was that they seemed short staffed. Would be nice to have a second bartender or maybe a server to help with the orders.LOVE this place. It's a small corner bar with a combination of modern & vintage touches which appeals to pretty much any type of patron. Low lighting, jazz music, industrial booths and greenery give it a really cool ambiance. They have a pretty decent selection of craft beers. The food menu was VERY small which scared me at first glance, and only offers 2 or 3 'bar' items (the rest I couldn't even pronounce/had to google). I played it safe and got the burger. Holy. It was awesome. And clearly everyone else knows about it, because I was sitting by the kitchen and saw each plate come out. I think 8 of the 10 people in there got the burger last night. GET IT, it was perfection.I love the serve yourself approach, music not too loud and full glasses of wine. A reformed South Philly lounge? Will be back for sure.Truly fantastic bar food, and cheap enough that you can order the whole menu!
The Burg'r - solid and consistent
Tandoori chicken - love it, delicious, marinated boneless chicken thigh over delicious yellow rice
Fried calamari - my favorite thing on the menu - perfectly breaded, fantastic dipping sauce
Mac and cheese - I'm always too full to try some but the wife loves it
Tuna poke - light, refreshing, delicious
Miso salmon - fancy af, a steal at $11
The food at this bar is so good, I somehow haven't even had a chance to try the wings yet...Because every place in Philly was so crowded on Easter, I decided to try this place because a friend of mine always talks about it.
When my husband and I walked in, there were only two patrons at the bar. The bartender said that we can sit anywhere. She was extremely nice.
We sat down at a booth. My only complaint is that the seats were extremely uncomfortable. 
I just had two eggs, potatoes, toast and avocado. I ordered my eggs over medium and they were perfect.
Everything was delicious. 
I highly recommend this hidden gem!!We tried this spot tonight, and it didn't disappoint! The small plates are very reasonably priced, so we tried a bunch. Started with mussels and the pork belly, and both were incredibly yummy. The pork belly was crispy little pieces of heaven, with a sweet dipping sauce, that was truly decadent. The mussels were in a coconut/basil/lime broth that we left not a drop of. We then had the tuna poke (raw), which was light and had a deft asian flare that you'd expect. You'd think we were full right? Nah.. after sitting for a bit we tried the current burger on the menu, that had pork roll added.  It wasn't too big and when shared between us, was a perfect ending to our meal. Sweetness in the sauce, rich melty cheese, with salty pork roll and fresh tomato = perfect bites. You're supposed to go the bar for drinks/service, but we had pretty attentive table service tonight despite that it's not the "promise"...which is perfectly fine. They said it's a "bar" and not a "restaurant"... however your food begs to differ!!! Go and try it!!! (I love when the neighborhood gains great spots like this. Help them stay open!)Favorite place for my boyfriend to walk to and grab a drink and a burger. The burgers are always cooked perfectly and fries are delicious. It's small but cozy, the bartender is awesome very attentive. Really nice neighborhood spot. Usually not that crowded on weeknights.I would not recommend brunch. Both dishes we got lacked flavor. The Bloody Mary was nearly flavorless and pretty watery. 
I would highly recommend the burger and fries. Overall the dinner menu is pretty good. Very small bar with one bartender that doesn't seem happy to help with much.Quite frankly, THE best burger in the city!  Hands down and at unbeatable price ($7)!!  The wings are also great.  The place is pretty quaint with a Hawaiian theme.  Not really good for large groups of 6 or more people.  They have some outside seating too.  Also a great selection of beers and of course the bartenders can make almost any cocktail.  Only downside is the bar staff can be kinda attitudey but hey, it's a neighborhood bar in Philly, so you can't take it personal LOL!Incredible burger, super discounted happy hour, a great bartender Geo!!! A++++ would return. Burger though a little over salted blows fountain porter us out of the water which is nutsLove the burger here. Bartenders are always super attentive, friendly, and make a great old fashioned
. Perfect spot for an afternoon cocktail.Really happy to have this place in the PB neighborhood! Awesome happy hour from 5-6pm, and the diner-style burger & fries are SO delicious. We also had the wings and pickles and they were great. Thank you Burg's!!I had a cheeseburger and a beer here after a long day at work and honestly it was exactly what i needed. The burger plus two beers from the draft list came to about $21 which i felt was fair. The burger came with the perfect amount of fries. You know when you order a burger and fries and its always an obnoxious amount of fries you could never finish and can't employ a friend to help because they're full from their meal? Not here, which i liked because then i dont feel like im wasting food i paid for. And the fries were delicious. No trouble parking, the ambience was relaxed and everyone seemed pretty nice to me. This place isnt far from where i live so im definitely coming back the next time im having cheeseburger cravings and to possibly try some of their other food. The menu is pretty limited and i think it changes? So i would check the menu online first.Chill, low-key, affordable place for a night out. The new Burg's fits the neighborhood well. Beers are cheap (as low as $3!!) and yes, the food is good, specifically the burger. Seriously, the prices are a steal and you'll certainly pay upwards of $2 more per beer in Center City proper. 
Burg's is great for this up-and-coming neighborhood. Here's hoping they start a trend and bring more bars/restaurants to the area.I will start by saying that I really like Burg's. The food is cheap but also really good. Same goes for the drinks, large selection and good. I keep coming back because of these facts, but every time I go, I get more and more discouraged to come back because of the rude service I receive without fail from the bartender. Go here, but don't expect friendly service, so if that's okay with you then you'll be good!Clean decor, friendly staff, tasty food. Straight forward menu with delicious choices. The chef works miracles in the kitchen delivering complex flavor profiles with every bite!I was coming home late from work and didn't feel like cooking because I'm 6 months pregnant. The staff was awesome and very quick to take my order and even make up a tropical MOCKtail for me to enjoy outside with my dinner on this gorgeous night. The mocktail was awesome! I had the burger and fries and also the bbq wings (eating for two). Both were fantastic! Can't beat the price when the food is this good plus I enjoy that the portions aren't overwhelming. I love the outdoor seating and will definitely be a regular this summer!Went here last night looking for a low key neighborhood watering hole with some yummy liquids and solids. Neat bar with one bartender and runner. Super nice staff where we the chill atmosphere predominated. Ordered the burger and fries. The simple staple was absolutely delicious with essential toppings and thousand island dressing for fry dipping. Also had the bbq wings which were nicely marinated and seasoned. Diverse draft list with good prices. Will be back for sure.This place puts the Burg in Burger! I'm a huge fan of this joint  - simple, yet awesome selection of beers plus the food is awesome. We tried the wings, fries, brussel sprouts and burger, all of which I'd give a solid 5 stars to. The vibe is super chill making it  a great spot to catch up with friends or cozy up on a date night. I will definitely be coming back!At first, I was hesitant to come here because the menu was so limited. Upon arriving we were told that the menu was more expensive than it appeared. Happy hour is great with the entire draft beer menu priced at three dollars. We had the short ribs over mashed potatoes and the buffalo wings. Both were very good. I would definitely recommend tying it out.Loved it, amazing food, drinks, atmosphere and prices. Also excellent service. So happy to have this gem in my neighborhood. Burgers were especially great.Love the new addition to the neighborhood! Delicious and reasonably priced food and drinks! Tuna poke was amazing- who knew that the addition of rice puffs could elevate a dish so much! French fries were crispy, generous, and had a great seasoning on it. The atmosphere is adorable, unfortunately it can get quite loud and crowded in thereFinally made it to Burg's! Crowd was awesome, service was great, food was solid, and atmosphere and music ruled! So happy to have this in my neighborhood and will definitely be back (often!)Just what the neighborhood needed! Small bar menu, good beer selection, and the best part the prices! You walk in and it has more of an upscale look, but is just your good old neighborhood bar at heart. We sampled a lot of the menu, everything was tasty and came out extremely quick. If your looking for a place to just have some drinks and bar snacks at a good price this is the place!This place is exactly what the neighborhood was missing, a nice place to get a reasonably priced drink and bite to eat. The bartender and staff were friendly and attentive. The burger and fries were very good. The draft beer selection was also good and they have plenty of domestic bottles for the night you just want a Bud or Miller Lite.Finally, a bar at 21st and Federal that serves as a perfect neighborhood bar. I went last Friday and found the beer selection to be solid and the food to be delicious. The burger was very tasty, and only $6.50. The shrimp tempura was delicious as well. The menu is small but has all of the essentials for a bar menu. When they get the old-school CD jukebox fully functional, this place is going to be ultimate. I look forward to visiting this place a lot.This is my neighborhood 'Cheer's' bar. Great beer, cocktails, food, and people. Can't say enough about the burger.I really wanted to like this place because it's in my neighborhood and I love supporting local businesses. However, I just can't with this one.
The first time I went, it was packed. Went for dinner with a friend. The two seater booths are so tight that my fat self could barely fit. I am overweight but not significantly so and it was embarrassing that I couldn't fit. So far, not good. We move to a 4 seater which has a little more room and I was able to fit into. However, there is no foot bar and so your feet are DANGLING once you are seated. I am 5'6 and my feet were nowhere near the ground. The bench seats are also just hard and not super comfy. I could tell why the bar was packed but the booths were not. There wasn't a ton I could eat as a vegetarian so I ordered fries and the mushroom spring rolls and was told that they had just changed them to pot stickers. Fine. My friend got a burger and fries for $7 so she was happy as a clam. $5 for a bowl of fries is steep but I figured that's what I get at American Sardine Bar and it's a ton of fries. Here, not so much. Just a regular amount I would have preferred to pay $3 for. The pot stickers were just awful. I told the bartender, who was the only server and in charge of all the people which was really unfair. He was clearly harried but did take the time to talk to us about our experience. When I told him how gross and mealy the pot stickers were he took them off the bill which was very kind of him.  
I thought I was done with Burg's but then my friend wanted brunch and I figured it wouldn't be bad to try it again. Not fair to judge a place on one visit. This time we were the only people in there. Same situation re: seating and discomfort. So much so that we had to stand up multiple times to get the feeling in our legs back. My friend is skinny and he complained that the seats were uncomfortable because he had no padding. The food was fine. Nothing terrific nothing bad. It was unclear if I should get my own coffee or if the bartender would bring it to me since she originally brought it to me but then took the cream and put it back near the self-service coffee station on the bar. I ended up airing on the side of caution and got my own coffee because I needed to stand up anyway. 
All in all, I would maybe go for drinks at Burg's if I sat at the bar. The stools looked normal enough. But I would definitely not go back until the seating is more comfortable and the food is better.very good bar,  delicious but straightforward eats.  a burger and fries for $7.50? add a cold beer to that and a lively crowd and really you have a best of philly in one bar!  please come and enjoy the slightly off-kilter island theme, but stay for the food and drink!FYI they added some lighting so it isn't as dark! Drinks and changing menu never disappoints, including whatever format of under $8 burger they are offering. Even something as simple as corn salad is delicious.Burgs is a really great place to go for drinks and food. They have a number of vegan options, which have all been so, so good. Try the kimchi dumplings! The cocktails are expertly made. Most importantly, the staff is super nice and the bartender Katie is really welcoming and very attentive! The draft and bottle lists are well curated so there are always good beers available. Everything is very affordably priced as well which is huge bonus given the high quality and level of service!Great little spot, though pretty dark and loud! The watermelon drinks are powerful! Really enjoyed the pork roll burger and mussels. This is the kind of place I can see myself returning too often.Totally solid place for a casual brunch. Slightly limited menu which means we may not go back right away to try more but what we had was enjoyable-breakfast burrito with side of breakfast potatoes and french toast. Worth a try!I'm no Philly bar aficionado or anything but I thought I'd give my two cents on this little place. I was meeting a date here for the first time and thought  it looked very nice from the outside. It's clean and nice inside as well.
I sat at a booth all the way in the back. Like another reviewer has mentioned, the seats are not comfortable. What's worse, they are very high. I'm not a short guy but my legs were dangling like a little kid. I had a Bud (they had no Corona) while waiting for her to arrive and we each had a double mixed drink before deciding to go elsewhere.
Speaking of drinks, if you want one you have to get up and get it. The staff is friendly but no one acts as waiters or waitresses. Not the end of the world but it would have been nice to have service. The prices are about what you'd expect to pay in the city. Not a killer but not cheap either. I didn't try the food.
Bottom Line: Burg's is fine. But to be honest, the pleasant company I was in may have influenced an extra half star out of me. Your results may vary...This place never disappoints.  Everything on their menu is delicious ! And it's inexpensive !!!  Laid back environment.   Always have great beers on draught . Juke box     My go too place! Burger and fries 7.50 :)This bar is my Cheers, we live in Point Breeze and come here multiple times a week. Here's what I love: the bartenders, Katie and John go above and beyond, tending to my British needs with suggested gin drinks and coming to our table outside when we have our pup in tow even though it's not table service, that brings me to my second point, they're DOG FRIENDLY and who doesn't love dogs, finally they have really amazing food for really good prices - may I suggest the miso salmon. 
If this place ever changed I would be really really sad.Exactly what the neighborhood needs! Low key bar with an "adult" atmosphere but very reasonable prices. Great draft list, enough wine options and a good selection of booze. I ordered the chicken wings are they were great. Can't wait to come back to check out the rest of the menu. A great change of pace from what's around and once a great addition to Point Breeze.Place is super cute, drink options amazing, bartender... terrible. Sorry we're not from this neighborhood, but treating someone like trash is really unacceptable. People make your place, sorry your night wasn't great, but we don't deserve your attitude. Hopefully you can pull it together.Neighborhood local guy here. Absolutely love the spot and staff! Katie is the best! She makes the best Singapore Slings and knows how to deal with stressful situations better than a lot of people I've met!Oh boy, what can I say about this place and the smug people running it. Not only do both of the male bartenders lack class or customer service, they act as if you're inconveniencing them when asking for something. Listen y'all - if you can't run a bar -- then maybe don't open one? Seems like a pretty logical course of action.
The first time I went there they were rude and condescending
The second time I got food poisoning! It was their wings, and I was up all night and the next morning. It was hellish. When I called to let them know that this happened someone picked up and said "thanks for letting me know, drink on me next time." Which was by far the nicest anyone at that place has ever spoken to me, however, I decided that I wanted to pursue a refund.
Went in there and spoke to the bartender with the long hair and the hat on and explained that I had gotten food poisoning and that I wanted a refund - he handed me $10 in cash and said "see ya next time." No - "sorry you got food poisoning at my establishment." Rude and dismissive - don't give these people your money.5 stars for a cool retro vide, decor, food and drink. 0 stars for service. Haven't had a bartender this rude, well, maybe ever.Great food! And great service! We ordered the Miso Salmon, fried calamari, chicken wings and pineapple fried rice everything was delicious.Not sure why I waited so long to come here, but I'm certainly glad this cute little spot is in our neighborhood. Love the aesthetics of this place. Retro, casual cool. The interior is adorable and very welcoming with fun vibe. 
The inside is tiny but it's really sometimes what I want when I'm not in the mood for a big loud crowded place. The tiny booths are cozy,  although I could've done without the loud "look at me" conversation of the woman behind us describing how she "accidentally" won some kind of running race "without even trying," but I digress. 
The wait staff was very helpful and friendly. I wasn't so crazy about the limited menu selection being I'm kind of a picky eater. My son had the burger and fries and he loved it. I wasn't in the mood for a burger and the only other thing I would eat on the menu was the Japanese take-out salad. It was excellent and I loved the dressing. I don't eat seafood  and I'm not a big fan of Asian food so there is not much to offer for me. 
I do wish they had a grilled cheese or something kind of standard but I get the menu fits the vibe of this place. I'm grateful to have a cute option in Point Breeze to grab a drink. 
I like their beer selection and I love that they had a lager. I'm really over all the IPA-heavy bars. Good job to the management.Yeah I like this spot a lot the decor the ambiance and the food... the reason I gave it 2stars because of the young lady who is bartender/ server there is rude. 
Not on 1 occasion but on 2 occasions I was treated like I was bothering her.
She also was talking loud to people at the bar about customers  and how they don't tip.I'm always looking for new and fresh brunch spots to try and man oh man am I glad I found this one. It's such a cute spot with a semi old timey/ tiki feel to it. Loved the flamingo motifs incorporated into the decor a lot. 
So, I went there for brunch with a friend and I got the gateau de crepe with peaches and cream which was a crepe cake or a mille crepe. It was so damn pretty and I believe that we eat with our eyes first and it was amazing. Then I cut into it and it was love at first bite. I practically licked the plate clean. My friend got the sesame noodles and we were kinda skeptical about getting noodles at a burger joint kinda place but they nailed it it was absolutley delicious. The only thing I would say could have been done better was the egg. It was slightly overdone so we didn't get that beaultiful yolk coating the noodles. But hey, other than that minute thing, it was 5 stars all around. 
This place is definitely going on my rec list. Oh and the prices, so reasonable.Loved the neighborhood bar that I should have gone much earlier. It was snowing outside and Burg's seemed like the perfect place to go, I was surprised to find it full at 11pm with the kind of snow outside.
It's a dimly lit bar with a long layout and has a very retro feel to it, there is a juke box at the end of the bar which only adds to the retro charm of the place.  
All orders are taken at the counter and the prices are very reasonable. Don't go here for the service but the drinks and overall experience. We enjoyed some beers and wine along with some chicken dumplings which were ok. I did enjoy the chocolate pudding dessert with coconut cream on top.
Don't forget to take some singles for the juke box and listen to your old favorites.FINALLY made it to Burg's for brunch. Cozy, fun space. Servers were attentive and incredibly nice. Bloody murray is hands down one of the best I've had in the city! (Is there pickle brine in there? Yum.) I had the breakfast sandwich, and it was delicious - bacon was friggin' incredible, and they don't skimp on it! Home fries were seasoned & cooked nicely (and not greasy). My partner had the omelet - which is kind of a french rolled style, not too big or overstuffed, also really tasty! It's a small menu, but really interesting choices and prices are on point! We will be back soon!I love this place. The food was great and Katie, the bartender, was outstanding.  She was very personable and provided us with perfect service.  We will definitely back.Awesome spot in point breeze! Very laid back, casual vibe. They always have a great beer selection and you should definitely try their cocktails. First time we went we thought it was going to be basic pub food but we were totally wrong. The food here is a hidden gem...we have gone back several times to try everything on the menu and I can honestly say everything is delicious. The big island wings are probably my favorite but it's a close tie....with the rest of the menu. And you can't beat the prices!Lovely little "hideaway" in the Point Breeze neighborhood. The decor made me feel like I stepped into a tropical hut. 
Went for brunch; loved the small menu which was packed with flavor! The chicken wings were delicious-crispy and not over dressed. Also tried the French toast, crepe cake (highly recommend! Not too sweet and light), burrito and egg sandwich. The potatoes for our sides were crispy and perfect.
I've been here for dinner- they have good drinks, but as far as food, I feel like the portions for brunch were a bit bigger so we left full and satisfied.Food Poisoning. 
I hate to give Burg's a bad review but I hope it helps prevent this from happening again. Apparently I'm not the first.
I recently got food poisoning from the burger. I had it cooked medium and my friend had it cooked well. Thankfully she didn't get hit as bad. I've been down for four days.This place is amazing!!!! All the bartenders are absolutely wonderful! They know our names and our drinks every time we walking. And their food is amazing. Seriously! Their food is reasonably priced and tastes delicious. Totally worth a stop if you're in the neighborhood.Holy Crap!  This Burger was so good I needed a cigarette and a bath afterwards.  Juicy, assembled perfectly, crispy yet flakey french fries, and all the fixings.  We got two burgers, one with avocado, bacon, and egg, and the other with bacon and a brown sauce on the side.   Wow! Just Wow!   I normally do not like getting my hands all dirty but this burger made me want to get dirtier!    This burger is the best burger I think I have ever had if not a close 2nd.  
Oh and the bartender Jessie is freaking amazing!  He is literally a skilled ninja when it comes to taking orders and making drinks.  He even talks to all his customers!!! My gosh, I liked this placed so much I really wanted to keep it a secret but then again, Yelpers want to know where to go right?  This is now my regular Tuesday spot!I've been going to this bar with my gf basically since the day it opened, and it's become a favorite spot in the neighborhood. For one thing, it has the best burger in the city. Brunch is also a real gem. The bar staff are really easy to get to know - Katie takes great care of her customers, John is always on point and Jesse is both fun to talk to and really good at what he does. Only problem we ever have is not being able to find a seat at the bar, but that tends to come and go in waves. It's a great spot, love coming here.This place is great!!! TJ, the bartender, is a great dude. Mike, a regular, provided some great conversation and banter. This place is a local, classic, it's like a dive bar, but better. Dive bar feel, but INCREDIBLE food. Whole staff is great. If you're from out of town and looking for a dive bar feel, gotta come here and make conversation with Kate and TJ, bartenders. Also, amazing cheap burger. Great place for guys being dudes. Came here before I went to Army-Navy game, and it's great.UPDATED: I'm a longtime Burgs fan, live around the block and come in all the time. I still love the bar and the bartenders, but what's up w the new menu??? My gf and I are legit bummed that the edamame is gone. All these crazy elaborate cocktails but none of the basics that we love about this place. I'm all for the specials to mix up the menu but wish they'd bring back the staples. 
ORIGINAL REVIEW: I've been going to this bar with my gf basically since the day it opened, and it's become a favorite spot in the neighborhood. For one thing, it has the best burger in the city. Brunch is also a real gem. The bar staff are really easy to get to know - Katie takes great care of her customers, John is always on point and Jesse is both fun to talk to and really good at what he does. Only problem we ever have is not being able to find a seat at the bar, but that tends to come and go in waves. It's a great spot, love coming hereI live kind of close by but always forget about this place. Always enjoy myself when I do visit. They have great cocktails, good food, and I love the vibe. They have happy hour from 5-6pm, which is $4 all beer drafts & $5 wine drafts.Good drinks, great atmosphere. A nice place to get away to after a long day. Bartender has great personality. All around enjoyable spot if your in the point breeze areaLove this place! It's adorable! The burger is amazing and for $7.50 it's a good deal for sure. The specials at happy hr are some of the best in the city.Fantastic neighborhood spot, actually a completely hidden gem in Philadelphia. I've been here a dozen times and have never been disappointed. Theyve got a great draft beer list that ha something for everyone, no matter your palate. The food though is what puts this place ahead of so many places. They have a creative menu with a solid variety of items. I have yet to be disappointed and have tried the entire menu. Some things theyve removed from the menu over the years and have added new dishes. All additions have been more than acceptable. If your in a dilemma on what to order. Just get the burger you'll never be disappointed. Its stacked and the best price for a burger in the city. Add bacon and avocados if you like. Ill continue to support this place whenever I come to visit this awesome city.Consistently good food, cocktails, beer selection. Nice staff. Cute ambiance. Great neighborhood spot. Fave place in the Breeze.Sweet little corner South Philadelphia joint with a bar and tables in front, booths in back. My friends and I went in around 7:30 on a week night. It wasn't very busy but the service was abominable. When no one came to even bother asking if we wanted drinks, my friend went to the bar. I had a red wine. It was okay. My friend and I shared a cheeseburger and a tuna poke. The tuna was surprisingly good, the burgers, which I think were pre-made patties were fine but disappointing. The fries were skinny fries, not my favorite, and the flavor not worth the fat grams. Not a spot I am likely to return to.Interesting drinks and combinations! The space is beautiful, the staff has been very friendly. It's a great location right off point Breeze ave.