When it comes to steak, I'm not easy to please. I'm probably one of the snobbiest carnivores around, so when I say that I'm blown away by a piece of beef, you know it's damn good. Well hats off to the Butcher & Singer chefs for literally serving me the best steak I've had in recent memory. 
Started the meal with a blue-cheese stuffed olive martini - fantastic way to whet the palette - and noshed on some Oysters Rockefeller before splitting their Tomato & Onion and Butcher Salads. The former featured deliciously ripe tomatoes smothered in Roquefort Bleu Cheese and the most thinly sliced Vidalia onions; while the latter was a deliciously light chopped salad containing crisp lettuce, chickpeas, green beans, some sopressata salami, and various other ingredients that, although intimidatingly filling sounding at first, was a really light intro. The dressing was somewhat sweet, but not in an overwhelming way. 
Then came the steak. We shared the 20oz. Porterhouse for two, priced reasonably at $74. It. Was. Awesome. Prepared perfectly medium-rare with a charred outer edge that was so flavorful, I literally stopped mid bite to pinch myself. No, I wasn't dreaming. Yes, it was real steak and yeah, it was THAT good. And the brussel sprout side? They are literally the tastiest green side i've ever had - they are almost deconstructed and served sauteed w/ applewood smoked bacon. The server actually said, "I want to let you know that the brussel sprouts come with bacon, is that okay?" I almost ordered a second serving when I heard that... 
The decor of this steak house is also really enjoyable. It's in a massive space with high ceilings and though the lighting is pretty dim, it's not too dark like most steakhouses. There's a warmth about the place that makes eating here really comfortable. It also reminds me of one of those big band/swing joints you see in movies. I expected to see a live swing trio standing in individual booths there.
I think it's safe to say that this place may have just knocked Del Frisco's out of first place in my list of "best steakhouses ever." If you're in Philly and have a craving for meat, Butcher and Singer is a must!Visited this place twice.  My boyfriend is a steak lover.  The hash browns are so good, they could feed four people.  Upscale, and not stuffy.  You can dress up or down.  A nice place to have celebratory meal.Absolutely amazing. Those were the first two words that came out of my mouth when my friends asked me how it was. The place is beautifully decorated and definitely a great place for a romantic dinner. Our waitress Suzanne was incredibly helpful and friendly. Keep in mind that if you go here, you're planning to spend money so comments about the high prices are superfluous, and high expectations of food and service are mandatory.
We started with the tuna sashimi which was absolutely divine - I would definitely order it again. The butcher salad was crisp and flavorful but nothing to write home about. I got the 12 oz filet mignon medium well but I would recommend going medium or rarer. Regardless it was still delicious. I preferred my boyfriend's dry aged porterhouse (very rare) which was probably the best steak he ever had. The random greens on the side seemed to be more for color on the plate than anything, but I think they should remove this altogether. The mushrooms and onions were so tasty, I wanted the recipe. The stuffed hash brown was impressive but heavily dairy based and the crispy edges were my favorite. We finished our meal with a baked alaska which was as delicious as everyone promised. We enjoyed our leftovers the next day. I heard their restaurant week is good too, and man is it tempting to go back this week just for that.I'm a big fan of butcher n singer. to me it's the best steak I've had in Philadelphia. I try to go a couple of times year. I recently went and it never disappoints....actually my wallet was disappointed. tad bit overpriced imo. 
i always end up getting the porterhouse for 2, of course shared amongst others but I really could eat the whole thing. for the price I do think the porterhouse for 2 is a little small. it's always cooked to perfection. We also had the delmonico this time, which is a ribeye cut,  and it was good but wasn't blown away by it. The lobster Mac n cheese is by far the best side and the portion is generous with plenty of lobster meat. My Caesar salad was a little under dressed and nothing spectacular. Asparagus side was a little bland also. 
the service is pretty good and the environment is great. really feels like an upscale old school steakhouse but definitely not snobby.
When people ask me where to get steak I always send them to butchers!Visited family for weekend 2 months ago and had to eat here. I'm new to Yelp, but my daughter suggested that I have an account since me and my husband are such foodies and I'm quick to give an honest review.:)My husband loves the steak here. Professional staff. Courteous waiter. Delicious food , they never fail! My husband got the Delmonico cooked medium. Nice and tender according to him. I got the swordfish with a side of Brussels sprouts. So good! It's worth the money. I have no issue paying good money for excellent food, service, and ambiance. Our go to dinner date place whenever we are back visiting.I really like this restaurant- the Caesar salad is my absolute favorite. The steak is also amazing and the staff is always super eager to help.Love this place. The Ambiance is amazing. Food and customer service is superb. You have to get valet if you aren't parking in a garage or aren't use to city street parking. Best to make reservations. We had the tomahawk cut which was delicious. I love this place.Bitcher and singer is a dinner place and it is in a perfect location on rittenhouse square. Perfect for any night on the town to Philly. I came here in August and wanted to rate my experience on this place.
K- the place was clean, it is a top of the line steakhouse, the bathrooms were really clean as well! 
I- the hostess and the server represented the place well. They were all very professional.
S- the service was decent. The food came out at a good time. However, they weren't very attentive with us as far as our drinks go. They didn't fill up our waters as much as we desired.
S- I got the filet mignon and it was TO DIEEE FOR. It was a great steak and it was amazing. The sides were good too and for desert I had the baked Alaska and that was amazing as well. For a fancy steakhouse the price wasn't bad and it was actually much cheaper than Gordon's restaurant in Las Vegas.
Overall a fabulous place to dine and perfect location to drink at bars after and have fun ;)You will NOT be disappointed! My husband and I go here often, and love it every time. While he is definitely a steak guy who loves the Delmonico, I do not eat red meat and yet enjoy the food just as much. The salmon is my favorite, and the sides are amazing as well. As for dessert, I am usually a chocolate person, but the Baked Alaska is a must-try!
Service is always impeccable and the atmosphere is cool, you feel like you're in an old mob movie or something. 
Yes it is a bit pricey, but if you're willing to spend the money than it is definitely worth it. One of our top picks in the city!Portions are huge and the prices are so reasonable for the entire package; delicious food, beautiful yet unpretentious ambiance, great service
Loved it all. Would definitely go back!It was five years ago I gave this place 4/5 stars but there new policy of charging $2 for ice in a drink is a complete turn off. When a group of three spends almost $500, is this additional really necessary? The steak is great but I will be choosing a different steakhouse next time based on this absurd policy.First time going to Butcher and Singer and it was fabulous! Will definitely go every visit to  PhiladelphiaI ate here for restaurant week.  Please immediately note that I didn't order a steak, so take my review for what it is.
The ambiance is gorgous.  Its a throwback of mid century glamour, in the best sort of way.  The waiter dress in full suits and are incredibly attentive.
I found the food to be excellent but fairly safe and expensive.  None of this should be surprising for a steakhouse of this sort.  That being said, everything (aside from the dessert) I would order again.  But if you asked me what I had in a month or two I won't remember (and I have a great food memory).
I found the strawberry lime sorbet to be way too sweet.  It was like a mixed drink mix with extra sugar added and then frozen.  I took two small spoonfuls of it and waiting for the waitress to ask if I like it.  She did not.  She even bussed it with no question or comment.  
I ordered a $19 glass of wine which was stellar.  Similar to the rest of the meal, it was great but certainly no steal.
Good for groups and special occasions.  You won't be disappointed.  The ambiance is certainly its main appeal.Went here the week after Valentine's day for dinner. This place is impressive, it's so beautifully decorated like you've been transported to the old Hollywood era. The customer service is outstanding and is attentive without being overbearing. We had the bone-in filet mignon which was the special. Out of this world delicious with the stuffed hashbrowns (you have to get these) and the brussel sprouts. I had heard rave reviews for the baked alaska and couldn't pass it up. We were not dissappointed.
Special shout out to our server, Ricky. He was amazing!! Great attitude, friendly, funny, charming and extremely helpful. Thanks for making our experience perfect!Our concierge at the Sofitel hotel recommended this place for us.
We had a great dinner here. The food was really good.
The aged meat was very tender and tasty. We also ordered the cream spinach to go with our meal.
For desert we had the Alaska, it was insanely good!!!The lunch special burger was awesome! It was a lot of meat and a lot of fries. It beats the other burger places around... I will be back!! PS - as for dinner, i have not gone yet.. but i will one day..I tried this place for the first time, on Tuesday. I went for lunch and tried the Salmon, with mashed potatoes. It was very good, and the mashed potatoes were amazing.. The service was good, and there was a nice atmosphere. I took a cheesecake home to go, which was just ok, I should have gotten the Baked AlaskanIf you're ready to spend a lot of money for a phenomenal steak, you absolutely cannot go wrong at Butcher and Singer.  The ambiance is retro classy.  I half expected to see Don Draper and his girlfriend in the corner booth.  
COCKTAILS
Creative (egg whites?) and tasty(rosemary!!), but not boozy enough for the money.  Stick with wine.  
STEAKS
I had the Delmonico and my hubs had the NY Strip.  Both were perfectly prepared and cooked to the right temp.  
SIDES
We had the creamed spinach and the hash brown.  The creamed spinach was creamed spinach.  The hash brown was a delicious pan fried cake of shredded potato, onion, sour cream and (I think) cheese.  It was really, REALLY delicious, but next time, I'd stick with a more traditional baked or mashed potato for my traditional steak dinner.  
SERVICE
Bright and cheerful without being snooty or intrusive.  
All together, another great meal at one of Master Starr's restaurants!The interior of this restaurant is BEAUTIFUL! It has gorgeous high ceilings and lots of space. Fantastic location in center city. It's expensive but we came here for restaurant week once which is the best bang for your buck. The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare. The sides are extra. Overall it's a great steakhouse and for the price of restaurant week it was awesome. Non-restaurant week, the price of a steak is about $40 and that doesn't include any sides. The service was impeccable. Dim lighting and very romantic.My husband and I made reservations at Butcher and Singer for our birthdays. I had read previous reviews and was really excited to go!  I have to say that the restaurant completely matched my expectations. We arrived a few minutes before our actual reservation time, with the intention of having a drink at the bar but were seated immediately.
The service in the beginning was a tad slow while we waited for our drink orders to be taken but nothing outrageous. A prior review commented about the cocktail straws being too small for the glasses. I mentioned this to my husband and we laughed because it is true. It made my vodka tonic just a little awkward to drink.
Our server, Alison, explained the menu briefly but we had already settled on our order before we set foot in the restaurant. We ordered the porterhouse for two cooked medium, and the stuffed hash browns. We were going to order a crab cake appetizer and a side of asparagus as well but at the last second decided not to. Funnily enough, we were offered for an additional $15 to have our steak "Oscar" style, which was topped with lump crab and served over asparagus and covered with a bernaise sauce. It was fate.
Our food was served timely and let me say that steak was the most incredible steak I've ever had. It was cooked perfectly and was so tender and the perfect color. The spice rub gave the outside a nice crisp that we both loved. My husband ranked it the second best he's ever had, only beaten by a steak he had at the Chop House in Chicago. We were both a little surprise at the stuffed hash browns after all of the stellar reviews here. We found them a little bland, and I thought a tad salty. My husband liked the lump crab and we both enjoyed the asparagus, if only to feel a little less guilty about all the rest. The house made steak sauce was tangy and a great compliment to the perfectly seasoned steak. 
We had planned on ordering dessert but ended up too stuffed to even consider it. Butcher and Singer was an incredible meal for a special occasion and I look forward to a return trip!You swirled my Ciroc martini elegantly in its shaker, indulging me as five blue cheese olives (which you stuffed and skewered) brushed the lip of my glass and soaked in the sweet libation. Your formal waistcoat and jacket enhanced the quiet, classy mood, avoiding cliches as effortlessly as the decor, with its textured wallpaper, low lighting, heavy curtains, and white tablecloths. Later, your sidecar moved surreptitiously into my realm, its citrine flavors both seductive and clean. When I had to leave you, I was breathless and thrilled.I live for restaurant week for one reason only. That reason is Butcher and Singer. 
The RW menu is a perfect sampling of all of their deliciousness. The steak is juicy and full of flavor. The mashed potatoes are creamy . If you don't want to break the bank however, skip the cocktails. No matter when you go, make sure to dress classy. This is a classy establishment (think Mad Men!). No jeans, please! I always feel like my effort has gone to waste when I see someone in chucks. 
We did order a baked potato (off the RW menu!). It was worth the extra as it was buttery and salty. 
I felt like high society dining here and getting waited on by such a great staff. I can't wait for next time!Most excellent steaks, very good selection of wine. The specialty salad is the perfect addition to the steak menu and compliments the taste of the New York steak.
Judging on the way they look, move and talk it seems that the waiters are professional actors. Not to mention that one can ask the waiter to lecture about wine or caramelization of steaks. 
The atmosphere is fantastic. Brilliant choice of dimmed light, oak panels and marble for such place - it feels like you are in a movie.
Sides are also delicious, I recommend mushrooms - very tender and juicy, cooked to perfection.Went out for a special occasion at Butcher and Singer (15th anniversary). We had high expectations, and somehow, they exceeded them!  
The decor was classy old school. (And you can't go wrong with the setting of the old Striped Bass.) The wine list had great options:  nice high end bottles, as well as $40 +/- options. The cocktail options were very creative. The manhattan was amazing in particular. 
We both had soup, and I have to say the French onion was one of the best I've ever had.  Our entrees were the cod (they were out of the halibut) and the delmonaco steak with a side of the home fried potatoes.  Both were outstanding. 
Hoping to go back soon!!Quite pricey, yet a very classy establishment to enjoy a nice juicy cut steak.  Highly recommended if you're looking for place to celebrate an anniversary with your date, wife or partner or looking to spend some $100 bills with a group of executives or directors.
Try the medium rare filet mignon as a main entree.  The cut of meat was prepared perfectly had a nice red interior.  (Don't forget to order sides, like broccoli, mushrooms, etc.  They are not included.)
For dessert, get yourself (or share with your guest) a nice warm apple crumb cake with a mini scoop of french vanilla ice cream and a thin slice of dried green apple on top!Last night my husband and I went on a date night, and imagine my surprise when we arrived at Butcher and Singer. I was a little leery because it's a bit pricey for a Thursday night, but what better way to celebrate not having your 3 kids for a few hours? Yay. 
As soon as we walked in, I felt like I was supposed to have someone grab my coat and ask me if I wanted some champagne. The only problem is that I didn't wear a coat, and well... I'm pregnant so the champagne was out! 
The only issue of the night came when we walked in and announced we had arrived for our reservation. The hostess looked at my husband and asked if he could remove his "HAT" or "Beanie". Well.... we're Jewish, so my husband promptly explained he doesn't remove his Yarmulke or Kipa for religious reasons. She promptly apologized. But I thought it was a bit odd. I cant imagine shes never seen a yarmulke before... but I digress. 
The service was impeccable. The waitress was very well knowledgeable about the liquor, food and everything! She answered our questions and even made a few suggestions. I ordered the Salmon and white bean salad, and Brussels sprouts, which the waitress explained was cooked in sherry, and bacon. I thanked her for letting me know about the bacon (prev noted, I'm a Jew remember?) so I ordered it without it. 
I know what your thinking, how could we go here and not get a steak? Unfortunately, I didn't want to feel too "heavy" after wards so I opted for fish. Lame I know. 
My husband got the Colorado lamb chops and creamed spinach and we also ordered the stuffed hash browns, which everyone on yelp raves about. When the food came, I took a bite, and it was orgasmic. I mean i literally almost lit a cigarette to calm me down. 
The salmon was off the hook, cooked perfectly, with some sort of tomato-like vinegar sauce as a drizzle? My husbands lamb chops were crusty, well seasoned and delicious. The hash browns are served family style so it was more than enough to share, and they were good too! Everything was perfect. The manager came around and thanked us for dining there and hoped we would come back. 
Even thought I was stuffed, my spouse insisted we get the baked alaska for dessert, which was a slice of angel cake with homemade banana icecream with apricots and whipped cream, baked into  a delicious little ball. Mmmmmm.  I had to recline my seat in the car on the way home because I know i gained 40 pounds!
I wont mention the amount of the total bill, because well... lets be honest, it you've read any of the reviews, you know its not Outback Steakhouse. I will say it was worth every penny and NOT nearly as expensive as I thought. We sprung for the valet service, which was an additional $16.00 though. 
We will definitely be back to Butcher and Singer, and next time I'm getting the 8oz Fillet Mignon!Loved it! Superb everything.  Got the Bees Knees/Gin and Lavender martini and it was amazing!  Excellent service by extremely friendly, attentive--but not in your face--professional staff.  Incredibly fresh, cold, crunchy Cesar salad, filet cooked to perfection and served at the perfect temperature, and the stuffed hash browns were so good that I was trying to dissect them to figure out how to recreate them at home--I don't think I'll come close though.  We got a slice each of carrot cake and the chocolate fudge cake and both were super moist and flavorful.  The filet mignon was soooo delicious and tender. The seating is comfortable with tufted chairs in an intimate and cozy setting, and we never felt rushed.   Highly recommend for a great steak house lovely meal.I had a business dinner here on a night they weren't busy.  The place is beautiful, and they get points for that.  The food was fine, but not more than that.  My appetizer (chopped salad/antipasti) was OK, as was my entree (swordfish) but neither were memorable.  My companions seemed satisfied with their filet/halibut.  The service was good and the waiter was attentive, if a bit robotic in the requisite recitals and didn't interact well with my guest.
Overall, it's a decent meal at a luxury location for a pretty high price.what a great evening!  started off with martinis at the bar (which were absolutely perfect).   between the 4 of us we ordered asparagus, stuffed hash brown, brussel sprouts, baked potato, new york strip, filet and swordfish.  everything was perfectly flavored and the service was great.  this is a must go to spot.Four stars for their food, and the extra star is for the fancy decoration...
Really amazing..Definitely worthy to try
We went Butcher and Singer in the restaurant week. Although some people think the special menu is too basic, I do think originals are always the best. Plus, the quality is good as regular orders.
Appetizer: Shrimp Cocktail
I was impressed by the appetizer..the shrimps were really fresh, and the cocktail sauce was differentiate from Bubba Gump Shrimp level restaurants.
Entree: 8oz. Beef Filet
Butcher and Singer is famous as a steak house, so I definitely choose the dish what they are great at. I always ask for medium rare because it would keep the original flavor of meats perfectly. The beef was juicy and tasteful. It was not very special, but it absolutely meets your expectation. 
btw, I had mashed potato as the side..It was good too. You can tell how decent the restaurant is from those less important things
Dessert: Chocolate Salted Caramel Tart
A very delicate dessert. Perfect mixed flavors
Tips:
Strongly encourage you to go there in restaurant week!!
You would never regretBest ribeye steak, and French onion soup.Great service. Loved the whole experience and ambiance. I will definitely go back.Butcher and Singer is absolutely adorable and charming. From the waiters old-school tuxedo style uniforms, to the eclectic decor. The Food was fantastic. My boyfriend had one of the steaks and mashed potatoes and I had the Butcher salad and asparagus (which were laughably huge! My boy said it best- "Did the Jolly Green Giant grow those or what?) and we shared a piece of the chocolate layer cake which was delicious. The decor is charming and so much fun. Make sure you peek at the signs on the bathroom-they're definitely different! Actually the only thing I was disappointed with was the actual bathrooms. If you've read some of my other reviews, you know I have a weird obsession with really nice bathrooms and this one was simply...boringly average. I think I expected more from how much fun the rest of the restaurant was. But everything was great. very nice place and would definitely return.Just stopped by for a cocktail.  Bar staff was incredibly professional and knowledgeable. They make a great manhattan with their own bourbon concoction.I will start by saying we have always had a great evening at Starr restaurants. This however is another story. 
I will start with the hostess, who told us it would be a few minutes before our table was ready. No big deal as we informed her we would head to the bar for a cocktail. We placed an order for drinks, only to be interrupted by the hostess who stated that our table was ready. I informed her that we ordered cocktails and would be just a minute. Now this is a first, she looked at us and said sorry, although we do not look busy now, we have to adhere to the reservation time and you cannot sit at the bar and wait for a drink. REALLY! 
OK, so we informed the bartender of the change of plans. We are then walked over to a table in the upper left hand side of the room, but were told the chairs and couch we were to sit in cannot be moved out for us to fit since the adjoining tables were touching the backs of the chairs. We reluctantly sat down and waited a few minutes for our server Ricky to come over. He happened to be the only bright spot of the evening. We asked him if the small table across from us was his and after he relied yes, we asked to be moved. He had to go check with the hostess if that was OK, and came back and said yes. When we asked him why the tables were so close together, he responded by saying that for Valentine's weekend that they squeeze in as many additional tables as they can. 
Needless to say, after ordering our first cocktails, we waited approx 15 minutes for them. Had we stayed at the bar for our original order we would have enjoyed them without the wait. 
Now for the food. While my wife was looking forward to surf and turf and I settled on a dry aged porterhouse with Oscar topping, we also had a shrimp cocktail and oysters. Nothing special by any means. The wedge salad was actually our high point and for $13 for 1/4 head of iceberg, just a tad overpriced. 
When the entree's came out, they looked wonderful. The lobster tail was a nice size. The filet was raw, cold, raw center not the slightest bit warmed or cooked. We asked for it to be redone and within 2 minutes the manager brought it back over. He barely apologized as he slid it back onto my wife's plate. While the outer was now char coaled, the  meat itself was still raw. However, the manager never made eye contact, now did he come over to see why the steak remained untouched.
The porter house was nothing special and for the price was way too much. We have had better steaks at many steak houses and lower budget restaurants.
SO, this magical evening that should have been came with a $300 bill, no apologies whatsoever, and leaving us pretty disgusted that we wasted our time and money in this place. So not the experience we thought we would have!!!!Great steakhouse. Great ambiance. Went there with two of my friend. We ordered 2 appetizers, fried calamari and oysters rockefeller. All of us agreed the oysters were disappointing. It was just meh!!! Calamari was crispy and nice. Then all 3 of is ordered 18oz delmonico... MAN O MAN!!! BEST STEAK WE HAVE EVER HAD!!! It was delicious, perfectly cooked, well seasoned. As I am writing this review I am drooling just by thinking about that steak!!! We also ordered 2 sides. Sides are shareable and good size. We ordered stuffed hash brown and mushroom and onions. Everyone that dined there advised us to get hash brown. Now don't get me wrong, if you like potato and lots of cheese, this is for you!!! We thought this was too heavy for us. (We had some leftover and I took it home for my husband, he loved it!!) Our second side, mushroom and onion was good. Then we ended our dinner with 2 desserts, chocolate fudge cake and lemon box ice pie. I am not a big fan of lemon pie, but my friends loved it.. so I am guessing it was great.. not a crumb was left behind!!! Chocolate fudge cake was average... I'll definitely come back to butcher and singer for their Delmonico steak. I highly recommend this steak!!! Also when you go there and ask for Brian.. HE IS GREAT!!!This is clearly one of the very best restaurants in Philadelphia. It's certainly my favorite. Steaks and other meat are properly cooked and always delicious. Even lobster tail here is excellent. Staff is efficient and friendly to just the right degree. Reservation times are honored and you won't be forced to wait past your reserved time. Prices are comparable to other better restaurants but here the food is well worth the cost. Don't forget dessert. It's excellent and worth the calories.Great spot. Traditional steak house feel. Food is fantastic. The seafood is as good as anyplace. The sides are fantastic. Get the lobster Mac. There is almost to much lobster. Hash browns are amazing. Ask for Brian when you make your reservation. Hands down best steak house waiter I have ever seen. His performance made the meal that much betterSteak at its finest
I've been meaning to go to Butcher and Singer for a long time based on its high review count as well as overall rating. I'm a big fan of eating meat, but I usually find steakhouses overpriced for what you're getting. However, Butcher and Singer definitely had some of the best steaks I ever had at a steakhouse (even though it was probably still overpriced).
We came here with a group of 16 people (had to make reservations through their special events department). We were told we had to order off a set menu (which makes our group sad), so we did the set-menu. However, once we got to the restaurant, we were able to order off the regular menu as well so that turned out very well. The restaurant itself is very tastefully decorated, looks like your traditional steakhouse. Dim lighting (but enough to see everything clearly), well dressed waiters and waitresses, and comfortable chairs and tables. I will say the wine list is some of the most overpriced I've ever seen (a retail $55 bottle of wine for $175?).
All the food I ate was delicious. Crab cake was full of crab, and some of the best I ever had. Crispy exterior, melt in your mouth interior. Oysters were delicious as well, fresh and flavorful. The mixed green salad I had was decent, nothing to write home about. I got a medium Porterhouse, it was cooked and seasoned perfectly. Outside was just the right amount of cripyness with a tender and flavorful interior. Brussel sprouts were good, the mashed potatoes were creamy and delicious. The fries were fried very well, but a bit salty. Bacon mac and cheese was amazing, and the green beans amandine were very flavorful (and relatively healthy). The assorted desserts we got were delicious as well , favorite is by far the carrot cake.this place reminds me of Gatsby--like a mobster would own this restaurant. Their drinks are expensive but delicious. I went there for restaurant week and it was definitely a good deal! I sometimes feel like restaurants don't serve their usual or good quality meats during restaurant week but butcher & singer delivered good food. I must say that the portions are on the smaller side but it was perfect for me. 
the place was a bit crowded and the table i was sitting in was very close to other tables.Butcher and Singer is my favorite steakhouse in Philly. It is elegantly decorated and you feel so glam dining here. Everything about this place is 5 stars! The food is amazing, I recommend trying the bacon as an appetizer. This place is pricey but well worth it. The service is phenomenal and they try their best to make sure you are getting a great experience. I recommend going during restaurant week. I have been to this place outside of restaurant week and during restaurant week and the service and food was the same both times. You can tell that the value quality over everything. This place is great for a birthday celebration or a fancy date night. Guaranteed you will feel like you had the best meal.This restaurant is INCREDIBLE. 
I've been here twice so far and each time the food and service were superb. 
French Onion soup is delicious, with a nice thick layer of melted cheese covering the pot. 
Calamari is low on the calamari but sooo tender. 
Filet Mignot, perfectly coooked. The large size is enough to share if you are ordering an app and sides. 
My dad ordered the pork chops and says they are the best chops he's ever had. 
Sides: all sides were superb. Mash potato was smooth and creamy. The hash browns were different and crunchy. I wouldn't order them again, but definitely something to at least try. All the veggie sides were great too. 
I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to indulge in a great meal.
One thing I'd like to note is that each time we were there, we had two servers. Waters were always full and we never had to wait to ask for anything. Service is superb.The burger here is fantastic!!! Awesome service. A bit pricey but it's worth it.Amazing burgers at lunch for only $10.00. Service is typical Stephen Starr quality which means consistent and very good. We have been there once for dinner and it was equally as good as lunch. Nice atmosphere for a great night out. Drinks are pricey but food worth the trip.Butcher and Singer would typically exceed my budgetary limitations for any ole' dinner, but recently I had the opportunity to throw caution to the wind and dine here on the company dime.  We were here for a late lunch/early dinner and the service hardly reflected the awkward timing.  The atmosphere was beautiful and even though we were one of the only tables in the restaurant at the time, I can imagine that even with every table filled the acoustics would have allowed for a more intimate dining experience then many other restaurants in the city.  It was also the perfect setting for our group of 6--not scrunched and cramped like many other center city places. 
One of our guests is a non-meat eater (blasphemy!) but got along just fine with their seafood selections.  I am one of those awful customers who orders beautiful cuts of meat "well done" and I appreciated that the server and chef did not bock at my request and instead presented me with a delicious, juicy, and tender (but not pink!) slab of beef.  Admittedly it was a bit saltier than I would have prepared myself--which I had read MANY other reviewers complain about.  I didn't lodge a formal complaint with the manager, though, so this proves it was anything but inedible. (I'm one of those ruthless "complain-to-the-manager" types). 
We shared lots of the side dishes and I particularly enjoyed the asparagus and mashed potatoes.  The mushrooms and onions were also a table favorite.  The other diners in our party each had the veal chops, pork chops, and lamb chops, and each commented on the quality.  If I won the lottery--I might come back here--although I think I might give some other center city "$$$$" category restaurants a try first.What got us in was all the news about the $5.95 burger, but I'd rather focus more on everything else that made this a great restaurant experience. The burger was fantastic and it even came with equally delicious fries. If not the best burger in town, its unquestionably one of the best! We were greeted warmly and seated right away. Our server was prompt and polite in the way that a real person is...not because of rehearsed greetings that too many corporate restaurants use. Service gets an A+ across the boards.The physical restaurant also gets an A+. I don't know the history behind the building/space, but whoever built it originally did not cut any corners. The room is lavish and elegant, and I may be redundant...but it was that nice. The ONLY reason I'm not giving it a 5 star rating is because I want to see what the dinner experience is all about before I rank this luxury restaurant based on one lunch. I'm optimistic about that and looking forward to doing that soon!Wow. The best meal I've ever had period. Get the steak, get the hash browns, get the baked Alaska, get two orders of biscuits!Unbelievable! I can't wait to come back to philly for more.Everything here was amazing. They know how an old fashioned steak house should be run. From the restaurant decor, vaulted ceilings, attentive, and black tie clad wait staff. Everything was amazing! The bartender was knowledgeable and knew how to prepare some cocktails that were throwbacks to the roaring 20's. The steak was succulent, the sides were delectable. My only complaint if I had to was the exorbitant pricing. But you know what? I would rather spend tons of money and have a delicious meal that I enjoy.The food and the service are top notch. We both had steaks.  My wife had the porterhouse and I had the delmonico.  Both were cooked to perfection. 
The seating is in an old bank with an extremely high ceiling.  I understand the wine cellar is in the old bank vault.Solid restaurant week spot.  Every year I get together with my oldest friend, Lindsey G. from Philadelphia, her mom, and my mom for a girl's night out.  Due to my yelp prowess it's my job to pick the restaurant and make the reservation.  Butcher and Singer seemed like a good pick because of it's central location, and red meat options.  We are all steak eaters.  None of us had been to Butcher and Singer before, and we thoroughly enjoyed the meal.
I went with the fresh mozzarella with eggplant for my appetizer.  The mozzarella was very fresh, and pleasantly salty, with some acid cutting though the creaminess creating a very well balanced dish.  For my entree I had to do the filet.  I really only get this when it's offered at RW, and it was perfectly cooked to medium rare, and very well seasoned.  The mashed potatoes were creamy, but not overly rich.  For dessert I had the chocolate bread pudding.  Bread pudding is a favorite dessert of mine, and this one was only okay.  It needed to be warmer and more chocolatey.  The bananas on top were a nice touch though.  
Service was good.  The waitress returned several times to ask how things were, and to refill drinks.  I went with the $8 cabernet that was on special.  It was very fruity for a cab, but still went well with the meal.  The interior is very dark, and we were seated on what seemed like living room chairs.  Very comfortable, but kind of low to the table.  It was also a little on the loud side.  The ceiling is very pretty.  I wasn't sure how I felt about dog murals at restaurants, but the dogs here are dressed so nicely, and look so dapper, that I have to give it two thumbs up.  Second favorite decor item was the steer head in the center of the room.  It signals to me that this is a place to order steak.  Winning.I have been at Butcher and Singer several times, both during restaurant week and during regular times. It is one of my favorite restaurants in Center City because of the atmosphere, service and quality of food.  There is a good cocktail menu and a nice bar for while you are waiting for your table. You can't go wrong with any of the steaks, but I have to also mention that there are options for non-beef eaters as well.  One of my favorite entrees is actually the fried shrimp.  Side items must be ordered separately.  The stuffed hash browns are the BEST!   We like to order these and eat some with our meal and then take the rest home to have with eggs for breakfast the next day.Really delicious and always consistent but pricey as expected.Love this place! 
My wife and I celebrated my big 5-0 with a nice dinner out, and Butcher and Singer did us right. Having walked out of a nearby restaurant where we had made reservations days before but were not acknowledged for 15 min. after being seated, we managed to wander into Butcher and Singer and found a cozy spot - the only available - near the bar. Our server, Matthew, was fantastic. He acknowledged us within a few minutes, and his friendly, knowledgeable demeanor instantly announced that we were in the right place for this special occasion. We were soon enjoying a massive, extravagantly delectable shellfish platter, an extensive sampling of items from the raw bar. This was complimented by what is most likely the best biscuits we've had outside the home, and the vinaigrette paired nicely with the oysters and clams. 
Soon we were on to the main course, each of us having ordered an 8 oz. fillet with Oscar compliment (I recommend adding the King Crab for just $2 over the standard Oscar). Steaks were cooked perfectly, melting in the mouth and enhanced by our choices of creamed spinach and Butcher and Singer's signature hash browns. Amazingly, we had enough room to round things out with a slice of key lime pie, which rivaled a few I've had in the Keys (and that ain't hyperbole). Yet, it was Matthew's attentive, friendly service that ultimately made our experience worthy of celebrating a 50th birthday. 
All in all, our first visit to Butcher and Singer was everything that we expected and more. I highly recommend spending a few extra dollars and choosing this establishment over others in the area. As always, you get what you pay for.If you are looking for a venue for a small party, this is the place.  We had our "wedding reception" here after a small courthouse marriage.  With 9 people, the service was completely flawless.  The drinks were never empty, all questions about the dishes answered, and all of the meals came out quickly (and together).  The staff was very friendly and all gave best wishes to us, even wait staff that wasn't assigned to our table.  We chose B&S because they have a Chef's Table rather than a private room, so we got the ambiance of the restaurant with the added privacy.  
The shellfish platter appetizer was perfect in its simplicity, the steaks were cooked to perfection, and the drinks were on point (I tried several of their signature drinks, Bee's Knees was my personal favorite).
The absolute best part of the experience was the cake.  Wedding cake is always important and they did not fail us.  We ordered a carrot cake, and it ended up being absolutely perfect.  Not too sweet, dense cream cheese icing.  They even called me the week before to find out which cake toppers we had so they knew how to reinforce the top so they didn't  sink.  
I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant.  They have my business for life!I made a reservation for butcher and singer and I came here on my birthday with my boyfriend. First off, the service was okay. It could have been a lot better but I felt like the restaurant was crowded so the service was lacking. My boyfriend and I were seated in a really bad area of the restaurant where the cold air from the outside kept blowing in on us. Most of our food was pretty good. We ordered a 1/2 dozen of oysters, French onion soup, fillet mignon, and a New York strip. The steaks were great and the oysters was very delicious. The only dish that wasn't that good was the French onion soup. Overall our experience was good. Just bad seating even though we made a reservation a week earlier.Wow! I've been in Philly for many years now and up until last night had never been to B&S...  I finally made it there & was blown away. 
Steakhouses usually aren't at the top of my list because they all feel the same to me, but B&S comes out above the rest for a few reasons... I absolutely loved the old Hollywood glam atmosphere! & our server was amazing! It's almost like he had a sixth sense as to when our wine glasses needed to be topped off (we ordered a bottle for the table & never had to touch it to pour ourselves). 
We had the lobster mac & brussels  sprouts, both of which I highly recommend! There was an unbelievable amount of lobster in the lobster mac, and while decadent it wasn't too heavy. 
It goes without saying our steaks were cooked perfectly. I loved the char these steaks had. My only complaint would be my steak was a little salty.
I can't wait to come back! If you are looking for an unforgettable experience at a steakhouse, look no further!"Judgement Free Zone!?" 
My wife & I went here for our anniversary which I am not sure why they bothered asking if it was a special occasion because they did nothing special unlike (Del Frisco's, or Tulia's Garden) 
We have been to many high-end steak houses & this was our first time here. I have been to mostly all of the Steven Starr establishments but this place was a little different. I felt like we were being judged on what wine we ordered & how much food we ordered. We ordered a bottle of wine, 2 apps, 2 sides & 2 dinners.  After we ordered it just seemed like we were just $ signs sitting at a table. It seemed the more wine you bought the better service you got. Even though we were already spending $200 plus on dinner!!  
The food was very good! Service just ok but again its all about racking up the bill to get A+ service. We had the wedge, crab cake, veal chop, filet, stuffed hash browns & creamed spinach. Everything was delicious & cooked perfectly!!   I highly recommend the veal chop medium rare in the peppercorn cognac sauce!! The filet was also great!!! Ask for a sauce to go with your steak!! 
Overall: Great food but not it's not Del Friscos!!! No hurry to return!The service is exceptional. I want to give a shout out to our waiter Brian who made it feel like we were friends after the meal. He was excellent in attending to us and made the whole meal more fun and entertaining. And he did a great job in selling the menu items - we ended up changing our orders based off his recommendations. At the end of the meal, he even offered to help us grab a taxi home. 
The interior of the restaurant is also another reason to come back. It's got art-deco vibes - dimly lit except for certain highlighted pieces like the grand chandeliers and dog art. Tall ceilings, luxury, glamour - it's great. The tables are mostly circular tufted leather booths - very comfortable. 
The food itself was just as amazing as the rest of the experience. We started off with a bottle of Malbec which was absolutely so smooth. We got the tuna tartare - very fresh and clean, and then we got the 18oz Delmonico to share. It was perfectly seared and cut like butter. We also got the twin lobster tails to share and I would highly recommend adding them to whatever you order. They are huge, yet very tender. We got the stuffed hash browns and the brussels sprouts as sides. But the thing that really stood out was the bread basket - a phyllo-layered-like biscuit that was perfectly crisp on the outside but amazingly soft on the inside. Paired with their honey butter, I felt like I could just eat that for the whole meal. In retrospect, I wish I had asked to bring a doggie bag with just the biscuits home. 
All in all, did not disappoint at all. The service and staff are incredible here and it's really an experience you cannot miss out on.My boyfriend and I were lucky enough to get a reservation at Butcher and Singer for restaurant week and it definitely did not disappoint. Unlike a lot of other restaurants during restaurant week, we were seated after a minimal wait, which was a pleasant surprise. The service was fast and efficient (but not to the point of feeling like you're being pushed out), and our server Cherry Blossom was as friendly and courteous as they come. The food overall was delicious. The only reason for four stars is because for a steakhouse I thought the steak (boyfriends dish) was just meh, although as my boyfriend points out they may serve different cuts for restaurant week. I ordered the roasted chicken which was incredible. My only qualm with that was the small serving of root vegetables that came with it because they too were delicious and I would have loved to have more. All in all I'd absolutely recommend the place, and will definitely be going back to taste their regular menu.The food and the service were both excellent.  I expected no disappointments, given the atmosphere and the price, and I got was I expected. They made me a perfect Manhattan and my wife was totally satisfied with the martini that she ordered.  I was here with 7 people, so we were able tried several of the appetizers and sides.  Everything was delicious.  The stuffed hash browns are great, they're very rich though and pretty large,  one is definitely enough for 2-3 people   I had the Delmonico steak and my wife had the porterhouse.  Both were delicious and cooked perfectly. We were too full to try desert but we'll be going back soon to check out the baked Alaska.  Butcher and Singer isn't cheap, but you get what you pay for.Everything about Butcher and Singer is top notch. The food, the drinks, the ambiance and the service are in my opinion, the best in Philadelphia.
I have had the pleasure of dining here a few times and each time the entire experience is better than the last.
My favorite steak is the delmonico. They suggest having it cooked between medium rare and medium, which is the perfect temperature. The cut of meat is a great size and it is packed with flavor!
The side dishes are all shareable, 2-3 is usually a good amount for a party of 4. My personal favorites are the mashed potatoes and green beans. 
This place is the perfect spot for any occasion. It's pricey, but absolutely worth it!!The new biscuits are great- steak was fantastic as always. Brian was our waiter and the service was superb. Great place to take clients.I was asked to arrange a dinner for our site leadership team and selected Butcher and Singer to host.  I have no regrets and received strong positive reviews from all 15 of the guests (myself included).  
I started with oysters, I mean hey its on the company, right?  They were fresh and sizable.  We moved on to the Butcher Salad, which saw everyone clean their plate!  I followed with a perfectly cooked Delmonico as we shared mushrooms, onions, and asparagus around the table.  I made sure to save room for a dessert sampling which capped off the night.  While I am sure it is much easier for me to rate them higher since I didn't have to pay the bill, everything was top notch and worth a visit!
How could the night be topped off?  By seeing Mayor Nutter enjoying his meal for the evening at B&S as well!I went here on a random Monday evening, so I can't really speak to the crowd, but the ambiance is exceptional!  The impressive exterior of the corner building opens up to a dimply lit world of wealth and romance.  Our coats were immediately taken as we made our way to the small bar area.  Although the bar area is quite small, with about ten bar seats and a couple small tables, it is a cozy space where you feel separated and yet in full-view of the entire restaurant.  The stools and chairs in the bar area were comfortable and the decor was classy and inviting.  
There was a nice wine selection to suit most pallets and pair with all menu options.  The warm rolls were crunchy outside and soft and airy inside and served with one of the best butters I've ever tasted.  It was slightly salty, soft and a delicious way to top an otherwise pretty standard roll.  The crab cake appetizer was my favorite part of the meal I believe, although, with so many tasty treats, it's hard to be 100% sure.  Filled with massive amounts of lump crab, the crab cake appetizer was served with a micro green salad, which consisted of green apples and mandarin oranges.  The flavors of the green apple, mandarin orange, crab and sauce on the plate was perfect, refreshing and the absolute best crab cake combination I've ever had.  The wedge salad, sans bacon, came with a russian dressing that reminded us of McDonald's special Big Mac sauce, crumbled blue cheese, egg and radish slices.  After adding salt and pepper the salad was quite good and filling and I was actually craving it again the next afternoon.  This certainly wasn't the best salad I've ever had, but the flavors went well together and the russian dressing was a nice twist on the classic wedge I'm used to having.  I'm sure the bacon would have complimented it nicely, but unfortunately I cannot attest to the quality or flavor of that topping.  
For my main dish, I ordered the filet medium.  I was promptly informed that their medium is more akin to what I'd consider medium rare and that their medium plus may better suit my tastes.  So, I received an 8oz. medium plus filet, which was a huge piece of meat and about 2" thick.  The meat was lightly charred on the outside creating a slightly salty, slightly crunchy coating around a warm, moist and tender reddish center.  The meat didn't quite melt in my mouth and wasn't the tenderest cut I've ever ordered, but I enjoyed the lightly seasoned (salt & pepper?) meat very much and had enough leftover for lunch the next day.  
For sides, we had the hashbrowns and green beans.  Both were good and very large servings.  Although the green beans were slightly over-cooked, the light flavor was a nice compliment to the salty hashbrowns and meat.  The hasbrowns were my favorite side with a crunchy hashbrown exterior, filled with what I believe to be diced potatoes, cheese and spices.  
For dessert we sampled the carrot cake, chocolate tart and  orange sherbet.  The orange sherbet was served with a sugar or shortbread type cookie wedge and was lightly sweet and highly refreshing.  The carrot cake had a sweet light icing, but the cake was a bit dry for my taste.  The chocolate tart was rich and delicious with a dark velvety chocolate secured inside a chocolate crust.  
The service was exceptional.  Our waitress was informative and patient.  We were never rushed on a decision or to finish a dish before the next one was served.  The food came out perfectly timed and hot.  The wine was constantly refreshed as was the water, and our napkins were always re-folded when we went to the restroom.  
I would come back to Butcher & Singer for a special evening out, but since the prices are high, it won't be a monthly indulgence.  The food is good, but not amazing, except for the crab-cake, so expect to enjoy the atmosphere and leave with a full belly and light wallet.I have dined many places but this is by far the shang-ri-la of dining experiences. Upon entering the building at 15th and locust you feel as though you have been transported to a 1950's atmosphere decked with leather booths, dark lighting, and long menu's that may have gone out of style a while ago but just seem right here. The maitre'd escorted us to our table while servers in black and white jackets, bow-tie's and aprons bustled about the room 
Our seat overlooked the main dining floor and also was hidden away so that we could have a private conversation. Upon perusing the cocktail menu our server, Donovan, recommended a manhattan for myself. My wife ordered a Moscow Mule and our server mentioned that the ginger beer was house made. Both drinks came out excellent as butter and hot rolls were served. The butter was entirely smooth and rich with a taste of garlic herb. For appetizers I ordered the escargot and my wife had the onion soup. The escargot was served in this rich buttery concoction that was decadent yet made me with I had another roll. My wife's soup was delicious and she enjoyed it greatly. 
For dinner, my wife had a New York Strip and I ordered the Porterhouse. I have to start by saying that I cook a good steak, like so good that family and friends ask me over to do it, like so good that people request me to cook it on both mine and their birthdays. Butcher and Singer's steaks made me look like a fast food hamburger stand. We both could have cut our steaks with a spoon and it was perfectly seasoned with just a bit of salt and pepper to allow the steak to speak for itself. As sides we split the singer fries and the mushrooms and onions. The singer fries are more like hash brown potatoes as my grandmother used to make french fries. A long and arduous process that made them so good. Singer's does not disappoint either. 
For dessert we split the baked Alaska, a piece of pound cake with banana ice cream on top with meringue on top, all toasted and ready to go. Our waiter Donovan asked if we were celebrating anything special and I said it was my birthday and low and behold they added a candle and white chocolate sign reading happy birthday. 
Overall this is not a typical Saturday night out. This is not a fancy occasion night out. This is a once maybe twice significant milestone night out. Needless to say it was as glorious as I thought it would be.When you walk in, the ceiling are massive and the room is large. Not much to break up the noise when the restaurant is packed. The steak is good but a bit salty. The brussel sprouts are so great. The drinks are average. However, I did not have the wine.The service was exceptional which is what you'd expect from a high end restaurant. However, the steak was bland and not well seasoned. My experience with a well aged steak is that it has an intense flavor explosion the minute you bite into it. This wasn't the case and every bite left me feeling like I needed to add salt or some type of flavoring. Unfortunately, there are way too many good restaurants in Philly for me to come back.Okay, let me preface this. 2 points:
1) I have not yet been to Barclay Prime
2) Butcher and Singer is NOT Peter Lugar's.
That being said, for my 28th birthday, my wife and I, along with my brother and his wife, went there for dinner on Saturday. Upon first entering, i felt as though i stepped into an old film- kind of expecting to see Ava Gardner and Sinatra sipping on Martini's at the bar. Obviously, people, i am not retarded and i know that even in his greatness, Stephen Starr had no access to the flux capacitor(at least as far as I know)
After being seated by our period dressed hostess(unless she was just a weird theater girl who always dresses like that), we were seated in quite possibly the most comfortable seats in any restaurant I've been in. 
TAKE THAT, SHITTY BAR STOOLS AT ALMA DE CUBA!!!
We started with some cocktails and ordered some appetizers. We order a 1/2 doz oysters and the lump crab cocktail. Both were excellent, the crab was awesome (though I've always contested that if you fuck that up, then you sir, are worse than Hitler) and the oysters were equally as decadent. I was surprised at the knowledge that our server had about them- he described in depth where exactly they were harvested from. I don't really know a whole lot about them, but i ask questions sometimes to make myself look smarter. God, did that backfire. I felt like a hayseed jackass.
For the main course, we ordered a porterhouse for three that was cooked rare and my brothers wife ordered the fillet that was cooked medium. As far as sides, we ordered the spinach, mushrooms and onions, and the stuffed hash brown. First of all the sides were excellent. The hash brown was in a word, sensual in its context. If i could eat that for breakfast at my local diner every morning i would die a cheesy, potatoey mess. The spinach was also excellent(again, if you screw that up, worse than Hitler. Listen close to that, "the palm"). The mushrooms were very good, an exotic mix, however the onions seemed a little bland. Small complaint, i know, but I've gotta say something bad.
And now for the steaks. I didn't taste the fillet, so i can't comment on that. However, the dry aged porterhouse was borderline orgasmic. Perfect char on the outside-perfect, tender, rare center. Much to the chagrin of my wife, I found myself picking up the bone and ripping the meat off of it with my teeth.
Note to self: Order rib eye next time; avoid spousal embarrassment 
There was a dessert, the fudge cake, which was good. But by that point I was already sold. I recommend this place to anyone who loves a good steak dinner and cool ambiance.One of the best meals I ever had, hands down. The service is great, the place looks incredible, and they have Baked Alaska! 
Nothing is cooler than Baked Alaska.Had my Birthday Dinner here (my husband has great taste!).  The dining room is all old-school, but in a elegant and beautiful way.  I'm looking at the drapes (are they 25 feet long?  longer?) and thinking those things must weigh a ton . . . the chandeliers are ginormous . . . you know they weigh a ton!  This is a grand room!  Service was very good as one would expect.  Shared a Butcher Salad which was good enough . . . it's a salad, but large portion so you want to share this unless it's your entree.  I ordered the 8oz Filet and the Husband ordered the Porterhouse (I think it's about 5 lbs of beef - "UGE").  Everything is a la-carte so we added the stuffed hashbrowns (nothing like you image . . . just order it, your diet is a complete washout anyway)!  We also shared a side of the Brussel Sprouts.  My Filet was excellent, as were the stuffed hashbrowns and brussel sprouts.  I made a few inquiries about the Porterhouse, but the response was just a big smile . . . I will say the Porterhouse was equally savored.  We decided to share a slice of the coconut cake . . . good, but nothing too special.  Let's face it, by the time the cake arrived we were both in a Cholesterol Induced Coma, so who cares about dessert?
We still had to walk back to our hotel in the pouring rain.  So we gathered ourselves together and headed to the front of the restaurant to claim our umbrellas.  Two claim tickets, but only one umbrella.  The young woman trying to locate our 2nd umbrella was really distraught about the missing umbrella (as she should be, I think it was a 10yr old Totes travel umbrella, probably on it's last leg).  Then we played a game called "pick an umbrella, any umbrella."  Obviously I was not a big winner . . . I ended up with the Ikea umbrella, but hey, dinner was fantastic!  So off we went into the wind and rain for the short walk back to our hotel.  If you didn't know, the wind will whip an Ikea umbrella inside out quicker than you can say "diet, what diet?" but then give that umbrella another flip and it's an umbrella again!  So, to the person with my 10yr old Totes travel umbrella . . . enjoy, I've got myself an Ikea inside-out and back-again umbrella (Reg price $5.99, family member price $4.49 - not sure how long the sale lasts).4 stars for the steak though not so much for the ambience. I also didn't like the idea that we rsvp 4 days before and my bf specifically asked for a little more private section then they sat us down 1 table next to the middle. I was a little upset because of that but  I did have an ok experience .Rich interior ; chandeliers invoking horror movie crash down flashbacks.Pressured services.No depth wine list,Hideous  hash browns.Greasy shrooms and onions. Freezer bread rock hard abomination.Good porterhouse for ( barely  enough) two .Baked soggy bottomed Alaska .
International prices for parochial.The place is beautiful, walking in makes you feel beautiful. The hostesses team was warm and inviting, and sat us almost immediately. The menu is everything you would expect from a steakhouse - we ordered all the classics - oysters, shrimp cocktail, escargot, Caesar salad and onion soups to start.  All were great - the Caesar was definitely the weak link. The steaks were all beautiful but the temps were very off. My medium was full on rare and cold in the middle. My husband's medium rare was very well done. We sent his back and they returned with an outstanding piece of meat. The other 4 entrees were good, and so were the sides. We had dessert all fine, but we were to full to truly enjoy. The bill was close to $800 for 6 people and they didn't even comp a dessert for the steak temp errors, it bothered me a little bit. I wasn't looking for anything for free, I just thought it would have been a nice gesture. I would still go back, and think you should go too.Been here several times, and finally felt compelled to review it. The service is just so on point when I eat at other nice (expesive) places and it doesn't stack up I always lament "we should have gone to Butcher." 
Even on Restaurant Week when lots of places shove you out, they treated us as valued customers, with the floor manager checking in a number of times to make sure everything was as expected. And the actual venue is pretty amazing. Super high ceilings, very ornate.
The Hash browns are great, veggie sides are pretty good, and steak I've found is cooked pretty close to how they describe it (medium rare seems to vary at every place, but they do a good job of explaining what their terms mean).
Definitely not cheap, but never felt disappointed any time I've been.A Sunday Night Dinner for our family was a wonderful event. Superb service by everyone from the manager to his assistants to our server and the waitstaff. The food was flawless. Delicious steaks and side dishes to share. 
And try to save room for a few desserts to share. 
It's nice to go with a larger group if you want to taste everything.  
The wine list is extraordinarily deep and wide. 
This place is not for the budget conscious as the prices are high. But the food quality service and satisfaction quotient are at the top.The food is exquisite and the service was phenomenal. The staff was extremely attentive and very helpful with making selections from the wine list and menu. I had the Delmonico steak it was excellent. We had the shellfish, tuna carpaccio and the calamari for appetizers all were excellent. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.What a wonderful experience! That atmosphere was extremely unpretentious. Just as comfortable and quiet enough for a business dinner as for a date. Our server, Ricky, was positively charming and made us feel very relaxed. His impeccable knowledge of the menu was a delight. Charming, smart, and memorable! The filet was the most amazing suede-like texture that just melted in your mouth. Amazing!We stopped by the small bar in this elegantly dark restaurant for a quick drink before heading to the Philadelphia Theater Company. I ordered the Ginger and Rum cocktail, which was very tasty, although not very strong. I also sampled the Fried Oysters (a little overcooked) and the Stuffed Hash Browns, which were nice snacks at the bar. Our server was attentive and quick, which was greatly appreciated.My husband and I went for our anniversary in December and we had the best experience at Butcher and Singer.  From the atmosphere, to the waitstaff, to the food it was really top notch.  We like to eat at nice places so we are pretty picky, but everything was even better than expected.  My husband even has a new favorite drink, the Moscow Mule!  The only reason I didn't give B&S 5 stars was because they misplaced my coat that was checked in.  When I gave them my ticket they actually brought out someone else's!  When told they weren't really surprised and they returned to searching in the overstuffed coat area for some time.  Finally, I was asked to go in to find it myself.  Not ideal and I will say that I was quite surprised to say the least.  With that being said, I will absolutely return as we had a fantastic time.  I'd recommend holding on to your things though!We came to visit our son who attends college in Philly. This restaurant has very good review. 
We started with a small seafood tower which is delicious, I personally think they are almost as good as Prime Steak's (Las Vegas)seafood tower. Our waiter is very good too. He is attentive but not overwhelming. The ambience is old school like what we expect from a good steak house. 
Everything has been great except for the steak which is cook the right temperature. Mine is pink center through, however, the filet meat itself is very dry. My husband got a porter steak also is dry as well. My son's Delmonico has too much marbling but the meat is tough. Enjoying great steak in various cities and countries are one of our favorite things, so we were disappointed today. 
One last note, their chocolate fudge cake is moist and delicious.
So the only bad review is on the steak.Special date meats!! Have gotten the porterhouse for two many many many times and it's always perfectly cooked. Stuffed hashed browns if you're super hungry (excellent creamy goodness), creamed spinach and green beans were solid sides. Cocktails are well made and the service is lovely (they even split a single salad into two separate plates, thank you). Dress well but wear your loose dress or biggest pair of pants :)