Disappointing!  I always walk by the case and everything looks amazing.  I have not heard alot but the few comments have been on cheesesteaks & good.
I opted for the Chicken Caesar sandwich.  If you opt to eat here try something else.  If it wasn't for the delicious roll I would have thrown it out.  Flavorless and dry.  Also lettuce had a taste as if it wasn't fresh and sat in case for more than a day.  Luckily I took it to go, ditched the lettuce and added dressing of my own.
Closed on Sundays and some holidays.I've had cheesesteaks at a few places in the Philly area now and I think this place may be near the top of the list.
Two things you'll notice right off the bat about the cheesesteaks from By George!- size and sesame seeds.  Because of the size, these cheesesteaks really fill you up.  And because of the sesame seeds... well I'm not really sure they do anything aside from add a slight nutty flavor.  All in all, quality meat and bread combine with sesame seeds for some quality cheesesteaks.By George! Pizza, Pasta & Cheesesteak needs a little work. First of all, the name. Pizza and pasta seem like natural cousins, but cheesesteak alongside in the deli case - it just feels wrong somehow. In Philly, there's cheesesteak and there's the forgeries. By George! isn't a forgery; it's authentic. Not quite the wanna-be's that pop up all over the city, but not quite the genuine article either (not quite the Tony Luke's, in other words). Reading Terminal is an incredible nucleus of restaurants and vendors, an epicenter of PA food and culture. 
By George! has quality meat and cheese, which you think would be enough to make a good cheesesteak. It is, for the most part, though I'm not sure it's on par with some of the Philly greats: the Pats, the Tony Luke's. I have yet to try Carmen and settle the Reading Terminal battle for top steak, but when I do, you my nonexistent Yelp readers, will be the first to know.This spot is loved by tourists attempting to get a taste of an authentic Philly cheesesteak as well as school-age children trying to get their hands on some pizza. I'll talk about the pizza because who doesn't love it?!
Generally good stuff! My personal favorite has got to be the chicken with garlic, spinach, and tomato. Not too much sauce, but not too little and has just the right about of cheese. That's super important. The toppings are generally spread out on all of the pizzas. The pepperoni pizza isn't skimping on the pepperonis either. The Mediterranean pizza is practically a salad on a pizza pie. For your healthy ones, you can eat this one and not feel too guilty afterwards. They also sell pizza dough for a few dollars, if you want to get fancy at home and make your own pizza.I went here to get some marinated mozzarella bllas and tomato salad for an event at my child's school.  The salads were fresh an tasty - but a little high on the prices.
In a pinch, I would go back again.  The pastas looked delicious.This stall in the bustling market was totally worth the stop. I love a good cheesesteak and by George i think they got it! 
I had the regular cheesesteak with onions and it was delicious. I should have gotten just the sandwhich and not the combo because I barely was able to finish half of it before I was full. Will go back, I want to try the Italian cheesesteak next!Good cheese steak but a bit greasy and the bread wasn't to my liking. For they money, I'd buy again but I might try to find one different. Of course, it might be far worse!We went for a taste of the Philly cheese steak here. Ordered with onions and American  cheese. The steak was so tender and the sandwich was really good. Would recommend their cheesesteak. They do a lot of other stuff here, but we only tried the cheesesteak which was excellent.Really good pizza at this place!! (And I am NOT a big pizza fan.) And their lasagna is a huge serving, and it really satisfies your pasta craving. Their many varieties of salads are pretty good, too.Fresh pestos.  Fresh pasta.  Nice people and all found in the famous Reading Terminal Market.  I get a Roasted Red Pepper pesto from By George that I just can't get enough of.  By George is also where I first ever saw a nut pesto which encouraged me to make almond pesto a year ago.  Greaaaaat old world flavor you'll enjoy...Thanks George!Grabbed a quick lunch here with colleagues while on a break from the convention center. We waited in a pretty long line, but it moved quickly and the employees were friendly. Pro tip: there are separate lines for the grill (ie cheesesteaks) and for the pasta items. Several folks including one of my coworkers waited in the long cheesesteak line when they could have been in the shorter one. I was attempting to be somewhat restrained and intrigued by the veggie cheese steak... it was a mistake. Tons of veggies -- mushrooms, spinach, peppers, onions, and a hint of pepper flake-- plus tons of cheese on a soft roll. It tasted good, but was a huge, soggy, greasy mess that fell apart immediately. I took it to go, and didn't think to grab a fork, so it was basically impossible to eat. I suppose this is what I get for trying to be good... next time, I'll just order the cheesesteak.Crazy good!!! Love Italian food here.  The price is reasonable too. Highly recommended spot.The Italian Cheesesteak sandwich hit the spot. The peppers & broccoli rabe take the Philly classic to another level of delicious. Next time you're in Reading Terminal Market, grab a sandwich (plan to split it), pull-up a seat at the communal tables, and enjoy.Great for a cheesesteak! This is the only cheesesteak we had in philly, and it was definitely good. Unhealthy-- don't know how anyone could eat a whole one -- but the American cheese and onions brought everything together well. Would recommend this place if you are in the area and looking to get a cheesesteak!Amazing fresh food and ingredients. I recommend the pepperoni calzone, but all of their pizza is delicious. Cesar salad was outstanding! Salty for some, but not overpowering. Overall great service, great food, awesome place!My first review of 2013 . . .
Had to travel to Philly for work so I had to search Yelp for a popular place to get a Chicken Philly Cheesesteak. This place is located in a Market in downtown Philly. It appeared that you could purchase any type of food in this bustling and trendy market.
Back to the food which was excellent. Fresh cut and perfectly seasoned fries to go along with a humongous chicken cheesesteak. Now as you may or may not know I am a little dude (5'10 174 lbs) so the word humongous is relative. The cheesesteak was delicious. I see why Philly is famous for these sandwiches. 
I would've given this place a five star but this has got to be the most unhealthiest sandwich ever!GREAT PIZZA!!! I love the whole wheat pizza with feta, olives, mushrooms, spinach. It's delicious!!! I also like the eggplant pizza. From the ones I've had, the white mushroom is third on my list, and the sicilian tomato pie, fourth. I'm so happy I stumbled upon them and tried it.Terminal Reading's BEST cheesesteak. Heck,best I've ever had. Classic philly, fresh ribeye, onions, cheese, on a toasted sesame seed hoagie. We took ours to the airport and then CHOWED-DOWN on that suckah. #MMMMMThis is a very mixed review cuz i came here twice in as many days and had very different experiences. The first time, I stuck with the pizza and the second time I decided to try the "new cheesesteak menu". Here goes. 
So the pizza was NY style, which everyone tries to claim. Being from the place, I have to give them their props on a decent slice. Don't get me wrong, this was nothing amazing, but much less removed than the pathetic version we get in San Diego. I got a tomato and spinach, and a tomato, chicken, and spinach slice. I can't comment on their sauce cuz I didn't get a slice with sauce. I love tomato slices! These were pretty good. The dough was a little flimsy on one, and a little thick and doughy on the other. They haven't quite mastered it yet. Could have used some more cheese, but the flavor and seasoning was all there. The crust was reasonably crusty and not too doughy, which was pretty good. Based on this experience, definitely four stars. 
I am not from Philly and definitely not a cheesesteak expert. I know they ask a lot of clarifying questions when you ordered, but from what I know about it, all you really need to tell them is "whiz wit onions" and that should be enough info. So, that's what I told them essentially. The damn thing was enormous, reasonably priced ($7.95 I believe), and smelled amazing. However, when I unwrapped it, it was not on anything that resembled an Amoroso. It was on some kind of baguette type thing with sesame seeds on it (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7eDXcZRj4bl8VxPwnRT1ww?userid=obvm_4RP60RCWIllaFN4yQ). Really?! Sesame seeds?! and they weren't even joking. I almost went back and asked for a refund, but I figured I would tough it out. 
The sandwich, as I will call it, was not that bad. In fact, the steak was very, very well seasoned and was very flavorful. Not enough whiz, but that's all good. The first half, the whiz was fine, but the second half, it got a little clumpy, like it wasn't hot enough or something. kinda nasty. However, as anyone from Philly that I have ever talked to knows, the bread makes or breaks it. it was tough, baguette style bread, in contrast to nice, soft, delicious Amoroso. For this experience, they barely get two stars. You do the math. 
I might come back for their pizza, but wouldn't dream of getting another cheesesteak.Fantastic philly cheesesteak experience with By George! Try not to be tempted by the amazing display of pasta and carbs, and stick through the lines for the cheesesteak. I got the cheesesteak with sharp provolone and onions. It took a while to come out but wow once I bit my mouth into that sandwich, I died a little bit.
It is definitely pricier than some other places, but it's huge and they really stack on the meat. I'm the type of person that doesn't like to try the same place twice, but I'd definitely come back for more sandwiches and finally to try the pizza and pasta.I got off the airplane at PHL SOOOO in the mood for Caprese... and so i headed over to Reading Terminal Market and got an amazing amazing sandwich from these guys.  Tomato, basil, mozarella, on bread that had a hint of garlic taste to it.  DELICIOUS.  They threw it on the panini press to heat it up for me, and served it in paper that kept it warm until i could find a seat.  I also wanted 1x artichoke heart that was calling my name while I was waiting for my sandwich to warm up.  They were happy to accomodate, and didn't look at me like I was crazy (you know... the face they give you at Dunkin Donuts when you order 1x munchkin?)
Also a plus- its across the market from the produce stand.  TONS of fresh fruits and veggies for super-cheap without having to venture into the congestion of the market.The service was great but the cheese steak I would give a solid 4 and a half. Something was missing, not sure if the meat wasn't seasoned properly or what. Overall it was great, I ordered it with American cheese, Caramelized onions and roasted peppers. Bomb dot com.I went here for lunch yesterday and ate the "European" sandwich which consisted of roasted eggplant, asparagus, kale, fresh mozzarella, and seasonings on a crunchy multi-grain baguette.  
Pros: The fresh mozzarella was truly delicious and the bread was surprisingly flavorful (I think from toasted sesame seeds)
Cons: This sandwich was incredibly difficult to eat. Like, astonishingly difficult.  It was cumbersome, assembled strangely, and at times I felt like a dog with a chew toy when I was trying to bite through the bread. 
Overall, this sandwich was not worth the effort it took to eat.A big selection of food - pizza, sandwiches, cheesesteaks, etc. Had the Parma and Chicken cutlet for lunch on 3/20/13. Food is fresh and tasty! Would love to try the calzones.the cheesesteaks are amazing! the cheese are completely melted inside the steaks. the bum is nice and soft. the cheesesteak is so flavorful. 
be aware of the size! i was completely stuffed after half of the cheesesteak.Amazing. Just amazing.  Everything down to the bread is delicious. The only thing I ate that didn't care for was the white slice.  Probably not enough garlic.  But I still ate the whole slice.  Over the course of a few days, we had plain cheese slices, Pepperoni Strombolis, mozzarella baguette sandwiches, Caesar salad with chicken, Caesar salad chicken wraps.  It was so delicious I wish they would open one in Hawaii.  They would kill it. Their chicken is super flavorful.  The staff is ok I think they are kinda slow in pace and not much of sense of urgency but I forget once I start eating their food. Highly recommend!!!!I had the chicken parm, a beef meat ball, a spinach and feta chicken meat ball.. It was okay, wasnt the best I ever had, the chicken was cooked well but the meat balls were terrible. The meatballs taste like dog food.. Im so sure the meat balls were dog food, that I dare a an scientist or lab tech to analyze the meatballs and do a ingredient comparison.. I wanted to order the cheesesteak because the are huge and look amazing but by the time it was my turn to order, the cashier told me they ran out of steak! I will leave you with this, the chicken parm was good, the cheesesteak looks good but eat the meatballs at your own risk..One of my favorite pizza slices in Philly. I had the tomato pie because I wanted to taste the most basic pizza they had in order to experience the flavors best.
Good decision. The sauce is amazing. I wish I could make sauce like this. It is rich, and full flavored. You can taste a touch of sweetness from slow simmered, caramelized tomato sugars. It was really very great. Crust was good. Thick, crispy and chewy.
I haven't had any of their other foods because RTM has so many options. I need to go back.Delicious pizza! They had sooo many yummy food items to choose from but I decided to try the eggplant pizza- a slice of it. Red sauce, cheesy with roasted eggplant - yummmm. It hit the spot after a long day of walking around philly. Friendly staff too :)I love Philadelphia!  one of the three best American cities!  However, it is time to disassociate this great urban center with such a terrible food...the Philly cheesesteak sandwich!  no matter where you order it, you get nothing more than slices of the worst beef cuts, fried in cheap grease on a flat grill, thrown into various types of roll, and dressed with cheese.  By George is on par with it's better known competition south of city center, but NONE of them can make anything that comes close to making this awesome city proud.  To include the word, "steak," is just wrong!  hoagies are more varied and of better taste, quality, and a better bargain.SO MUCH BETTER THAN JIMS. They have a combo here for a cheesesteak and fries for $12.50. The Philly cheesesteak here is smothered in cheese. It's not dry. Not too greasy. One of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had! If you're in the reading terminal market check this place out!We were short on time, and needed to get on the train at Jefferson station  to the airport.  We ordered 2 Philly cheesesteaks to go with a drink.  They had so much to chose from and this is enticing.  We ate it on the plane, and so delicious!!!!!!!!! I would definitely go back.I got the Chessesteak Combo with onion rings.
The onion rings are on-point - that's why they are $4.50.
The fries are the regular kinds, but what was upsetting was that they charged extra for cheese without notifying me until I saw the receipt.
The Terminal Reading MArket is a chaotic place and space is limited so the organizing skills is bad.  Felt like an upgraded fast food joint.
Anyway, the taste of the food is a bit dry but the amount of meat that they gave is a lot so two people can eat a regular sized cheesesteak hero.First business trip to Philly late last year, I was in a hotel next to the Market. Boy, did that turn out to be great! I love Reading Terminal Market, and had a chance to sample (seems like) just about every restaurant in the place. As far as cheesesteaks and Italian went, By George was my favorite (especially the cheesesteaks- sometimes the pizza wasn't quite as saucy as I usually like). For being regularly busy at lunch, it's actually not bad waiting for the order to prep and serve. In off-peak times, even better! Some of the combos start to get a little pricey for what you get, but even then, the c'steak is a good double meal, so who needs a side? I treated myself to a birch beer once, admittedly. :-)
Folks here are reasonably nice, even at peak times when they're busy. Good selection of stuff. Next time I'm in Philly, I know where I'm staying and I know where I'm eating first. Just have to refuse all the invites to fancy-schmancy sit-down dinners in favor of a c'steak sucked down back in the room!Good place for quick bite!
There is always a long line, you have to wait a bit.
But the cheesesteak was nice! It was pretty larger than I expected, and not that oily!By George, this place is absolutely amazing!
The efficiency and delectable offerings of this Reading Terminal vendor really sets it apart from the countless cheesesteak joints in Philly. In about one minute flat, I ordered a sandwich, paid, and walked away with my infant-sized sandwich cradled in one arm. The eggplant parm sandwich - hot eggplant parm topped with additional sauce and grated cheese on a long roll - is unbelievable. True comfort food. The only component that I would change is the roll, which didn't taste too fresh, but the eggplant parm itself was perfect. My friend went with the classic cheesesteak and devoured the whole thing, so I'm guessing she liked it.
When I return and am feeling more adventurous, I am most definitely going to order one of their unique homemade pastas, especially the pumpkin pasta.I was starving so I got a chicken & broccoli stromboli for lunch - this sandwich was humongous plus it came with a tub of tomato dipping sauce. The crust is thinner than a calzone but this sandwich was stuffed with tons of chicken and pretty much a whole wheel of cheese. It was a very heavy, if delicious, meal. The Reading Terminal is madness at lunch but it's worth the line up for good food (the cheesesteak sandwichs are just as filling and tasty!).Does an authentic Philly cheese steak come on a sesame seed bun? Unfortunately, I learned after suffering through my dried out sandwich that the answer is, "no". I also learned that this restaurant is one if the many tourist traps in the Reading Terminal.
This sandwich was a disaster. I didn't leave a tip, so here's one .....stick to Italian dishes, you're given the philly cheese steak a bad wrap.It was my very first cheesesteak.... wonderful!! The Reading Terminal is so cool, by George is located near the produce market near the back, there are a few cheesesteak places in there I asked someone for a recommendation and they said By George fir sure. Great advice the food was great and the service outstanding.I think they have the best food.  I love their Capri sandwich.  When I come to Philly I have to always stop at By George to get their Capri sandwich.  I'm a stickler for fresh ingredients.  When you have a mix of Tomato, Basil and mozzarella that's something you do not want to get old ingredients.
The service staff was very nice and accommodating.  We were wanting to try more of the selection there.  We have had plenty of Cheese steaks and pizza and were wanting to try something a little more different.  The lady behind the counter suggested that we try their fresh Mozzarella balls.
The Mozzarella balls were very very good.  The only thing was lacking which was on us is that we didn't ask for more of the oil.  Other than that it was wonderful.  They were so good though.  I even added a couple of the mozzarella balls my sandwich and it made it even better.  Really made my day.Cheesesteaks that are devine. I love visiting and always go here for the wonderful food.Things that separate this spot from the countless others in Philly:
-They do NOT offer buffalo chicken cheesesteaks (woe is me)
-They split up the lines depending on what you order (love that)
-The seeded, crusty buns are THE JAM! Holds up to the greasy glory that lies within, more so than some other rolls I've experienced.
Lines move fast, food comes out fresh, and the price is not too different than other establishments. When I'm overwhelmed with the lines at DiNics, Spataros, or Carmen's.... this makes a surprisingly great choice.
I've only had a slice of 'za once, but it was tasty. I prefer the cheesesteaks, personally.Cheesesteak was decent.  The steak was very good quality.  It's what I could get in California. Not what the hype was about.  I'm gonna try a cheese steak from a street vender next. Not enough cheese.  The lady who took our order was really really rude and impatient.  The lady who you order precooked food (that you pay by the weight) was really nice.   Cheese fries have cheese at the top but not anywhere else.  So after the first several bites, there isn't cheese.the first time I had a Philly Cheese steak was from here. it was a bite of my girlfriends and I remember it tasting like a dream. then the second time I had it I ordered a whole one for myself and have my gf the wrapper to eat off anything that fell off my steak. it was not as good the second time around. it was dry. it was a good steak but there has to be consistency. that's why people come back. definitely the best cheese steak in the reading terminal marketI had a slice here today. O.M.God it was good. Not Philly-good, mind you. Actual-good. The sauce had a bit of kick, and the vegetables were added perfectly: a few nice big pieces - not a bunch of little scraps so it's falling out all over the place. It could have done with another minute in the brick oven, but I'm looking forward to return to sample the many other slice options.Since it was my first time visiting Philly the first time, how could I not eat a cheesesteak? Cliché I know. But I can't resist. ^_^
After wandering around the terminal market, and with soooo many cheesesteak options, I didn't know what to choose. Finally decided to stop over thinking it, and just get one. Cheesesteak was BOMB-DIGGITY. We ordered it will grilled onions and provolone cheese. When we dug into it, the steak was hot, juicy and flavored really nicely. The chunks of steak were a nice size and they didn't skimp with the sandwich. None of the flavors were over powering or salty. The sandwich was pretty big too, so it was really filling. Totally worth it. 
Get your cheesesteak here!I love their tomato pie, haven't had it for a while but it sure is goodLocated on the aisle as you walked directly straight on from the 12th St. entrance, By George is a good food choice that serves cheap, delicious pizza by slice.
My order was a slice of Italian sausage pizza ($3.5) and it was solid! The meat was plenty on the slice that was also filled with cheese so it was certainly worth it.  Nothing really to complain about, so I believe that By George is great especially if you want a quick, cheap eat at Reading Terminal Market.I ate for the second time here today. It was a much different experience. I had the same thing I had last time, a pepperoni calzone and a caesar salad. The calzone was better than before, with ricotta cheese stuffed inside. It was phenomenal. The caesar salad was horrible however. The dressing tasted like water. Weird because the last time it was amazing. Service was still great, Caesar salad was not. Still I would try the Caesar anyways. It might be good the time you drop by.I got an $11 cheesteak here and, although it was huge, it was also bland bland bland.  I even asked for the sharp provolone on it, and yet flavor was seriously lacking.  I've made better Steak-um cheesesteaks at home myself.Yummy Philadelphia Cheesesteak.....big enough for 2 to share. Located at Reading Terminal.Goûtez un de leur fameux cheesesteak, à tomber ! Une tuerie, je reviendrais à Philadelphia ne serait ce pour ce sandwich !Huge tasty cheese-steaks? Yes please! These are wonderful, cooked fresh, and served with a choice of cheese (American or Provolone or the local favorite "Whiz") and with or without a choice of onions, peppers, or mushrooms. The seeded roll is both fresh and soft on the inside and crusty on the outside. I had mine with American cheese and onions.... and it was wonderful!Disappointed with the soggy pasta. The meatballs were great though. It's more a tourist palace to eat than a local. Seems they don't care enough to bring their best. I am sure they could better. I won't order the pasta anymore but the meatballs I will.First time visiting Philly and I had to try a Philly Cheesesteak. I was at the Reading Terminal and asked a security staffer which restaurant she would recommend. She said By George had a pretty good Philly Cheesesteak so I checked them out and order one. 
The first thing I noticed was that the cheesesteak was very oily. The meat was cooked well and the cheese was good, but it was way too much for me to finish. Also way to heavy. Overall, I'm glad I tried it but wasn't the biggest fan. My hands, after 10 times of extreme washing, smelled like cheesesteak. My clothes smelled like it too, it was pretty bad.Amazing cheesesteaks on great bread!! :) we come here every time we go into the city. And we only get cheesesteaks... they're that good!My first ever cheesesteak in Philly! The vibe inside the Reading Terminal is so vibrant and exciting! The cheesesteak itself was ok, I don't really see what the fuss is about, but good first taste of Philly!My source for fresh pasta in Center City. Totally worth the premium price. You get to choose what kind of pasta (egg, whole wheat, spinach, ect.) and the cut of noodle you would like. They also have a wide variety of sauces in case you are too lazy to make your own.
The prepared foods are top-quality as well.Reading station always offers great food! Anything and everything you can think of. Being in Philly, I had to grab a cheesesteak. Definitely not the best but it was a good one at a decent price.The pizzas are expensive, but really good with higher quality ingredients.  I've also had their prepared sandwiches, and also their hot prepared Italian meals.  A favorite here is the chicken parm.  They also sell fresh mozzarella, antipasti, and other homemade salads.  
I haven't been disappointed with anything I've ever purchased here.  This section of the RTM can get very crowded, so be patient.  There's separate lines for pizza and anything else.I don't usually come to Reading Terminal market with pizza or Italian in mind, but occasionally I get a craving and happen to be in the area I will choose this place as it has well above average pizza and is the best in the Chinatown area for a good several blocks radius. Their strombolis are also an excellent deal coming in at $7.50 with tax and are plenty filling and generously stuffed with meat and cheese. The pastas are pretty good and they make excellent cheesesteaks as well which come on an Italian seeded roll which I am partial to. I have also had their chicken parmesan sub and it is above average as well.4 étoiles dans la catégorie Philly's cheeseteak hein, pas dans la vie en général.
Aller à Philly et passer à côté du sandwich que le monde entier lui envie, j'ai nommé le Philly's cheesesteak, ce serait être bien fou, ou peu curieux, ou alors extrêmement clairvoyant sur les conséquences de long terme de l'ingestion de ce sandwich qui EXPLOSE littéralement sous la pression de la viande (un steak hein vous l'aurez deviné), du fromage et de la multitude de choses que vous pouvez ajouter dedans, au cas où cela ne suffirait pas : épinard, oignons, tomates, etc, voire paraît-il du BACON ou des OEUFS. -ce sandwich m'inspire beaucoup de majuscules-
J'ai penché pour les épinards croyant naïvement alléger la chose, ah mais non, ô non, vous pourriez ajouter de la salade que ça ne changerait rien car tout vient en PLUS du reste. Le sandwich est éventré par tout ça et votre mâchoire quasi déboîtée.
Est ce que c'est bon ? Honnêtement, ce n'est pas aussi horrible que ce que son intitulé laisse présager : un effrayant sandwich au steak et au fromage. Il y a un petit goût un peu épicé qui rehausse le tout. En revanche, digestivement parlant, n'espérez pas vous envoler comme après un Kinder Bueno.
Chez Georges est un des lieux incontournables où déguster ces petits délices de finesse si vous êtes à Philadelphie. Le stand se trouve dans le marché couvert de Reading Terminal. Commandez et vous pouvez ensuite aller vous assoir au centre du marché, (il vaut mieux être assis pour ce qui va suivre), il y a plein de tables, c'est une sorte de Food Court quoi. 
Ah oui j'en ai mangé un demi et ça m'a déjà inspiré tous ces superlatifs alors ne voyez pas trop grand.I didn't realize Hershey's makes their pizza sauce!Love the cheese straka here. Best cheese steaks in Philadelphia hands downExcellent Philly Cheesesteak. Exactly what we were looking for: very meaty, great bread, and very cheesy. Definitely going to come back!This place had one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had! It was nice and juicy with a bread that tasted almost like a pretzel. The combo deal price point was decent for Reading Terminal. The combo came with fries and a drink. I like this cheesesteak a LOT better than the touristy Pat's King of Steaks. Plus, the customer service at By George is a lot more friendly. I can't wait until the next time I'm in Philly so that I can eat here again!Love love love their pizza... I hate going to Reading Terminal because it is such a tourist trap...but when I want some good pizza I'll chalk it and trek on down there . Where I live in Germantown, the crap that they call pizza is a sin...I hate that no place local is available  to get a half decent pizza of any kind. So...Pizza by George is my spot for a slice or two. I just wish it was closer.I just got into Philly and was dying for a "real" cheesesteak. I decided on the chicken/provolone. My first bite was delicious, but subsequent bites were just okay. I think I had my mouth worked up for more than it was. I do love the bustling atmosphere of Reading Terminal Market. You can expect the lines to be long, but the guys at the counter are nice and it's a fun place.I had my first Philly cheesesteak here and was certainly not disappointed! They literally stuff the cheesesteak with a lot of meat and whatever other toppings you want to the point where it starts to fall out when you eat it. The cheesesteak is about a foot long so if you don't have a big appetite, it's probably better to finish half of it. It's a bit on the pricey side but thats because it's inside Terminal Market but otherwise, the food is delicious.Whenever I'm in the area and come to Reading Terminal Market, I always get something from By George.  Their pizzas and pastas are AMAZING!  I wish this place was near my house...Decent slice of tomato pie, though perhaps not as good as the one I grew up with. Can't say I'd order it again since there are so many more things to try at this little Italian stand in Reading Terminal Market. Nice sweet sauce on a soft crust that crisps up on the bottom after a few minutes in their oven.Food: 3.5
Service: 2.5
Value: 3
Pretty good cheesesteak spot in Reading Terminal. Longer lines, and a tad pricey, but a satisfying meal.Honestly the best cheese steak I've had in a long time.  A bit on the pricey side ($12 for a cheesesteak and small fries combo - drink not included).  Come hungry because one sandwich could feed 2 people (although you won't want to share).Philly comfort food heaven! By George is a bedrock of the RTM. We had: a classic cheesesteak "with"; a cheesesteak without the bread (one of us is gluten-intolerant); a veggie sandwich i.e. roasted peppers, provolone, broccoli rabe, fried onions -- gooey heaven although I think I'd skip the onions next time, just makes it too messy -- and a slice of plain pizza. It was our best eating in a week-long vacation in Philly and the Jersey Shore.would give 5 stars, but the ordering "system" is a mess! to begin on a positive note, their food is always delicious and pricing, while on the high side, is competitive given their environment. 
on the other hand, they don't make it easy if you need to order items from different stations. i.e. if i want pizza, i have to stand in the pizza line; steaks / sandwiches - a different line; salads - yet another different line. there's gotta be a way to upgrade their p.o.s. to handle all items they carry and push out the orders to their correlating stations. it almost discourages people to place orders for more than one type of item by making them jump through these hoops. i definitely frequent this spot much less b/c of this.
P.s. all food handlers should wear gloves. The guy shredding mozz was not and directly touching the cheese. EwI was at the convention center and decided to head over to Reading Terminal market for lunch.  I decided to try By George and got the eggplant parmesan and garlic bread.  The eggplant was very good and cheesy with a nice sauce.  The garlic bread was dry and I could only have 2 bites before I gave up.Really good cheesesteak, lots of other fresh ingredients and options. Line is confusing and crowded, but it's worth it.I and my whole family got cheesesteaks here on Saturday because the line everywhere else was so long. I am so glad we did. This is the best cheesesteak I've had yet in Philly. Better than John's Roast Pork and Prince's by far. For 9 bucks you get about 3/4 pound of beautiful beef scraps with your choice of provolone or American. The ~12" seeded rolls on which they come are phenomenal. They are soft and allow the meat to play the leading role in this culinary masterpiece. The fried onions I got also played quite well well the oozy cheese and slightly crisped beef.
If you're looking for a great cheesesteak in a bustling Philly setting come to By George! These guys do it right. This is a huge sandwich, so you might want to share the glory with somebody else. I don't give five stars very often, but when I do, the food is incredible.Great cheesesteaks and service! Went with the mushroom steak with American cheese and loved it. The toasted sesame seeds give the bread a very different and distinct taste as compared to many others in town. Great food and a good price.Friendly and conversational staff.The cheesesteak we ordered was heavy on the meat, but my husband and daughter enjoyed it. I thought it was okay.