Every item I ever got from here the family and I loved...... Ordered a custom cake for a  graduation ...... It was outstanding.......Some people swear by Eiselen's. I am adamantly not one of them. There is nothing better in Roxborough or Manayunk then Cafe Roma, and there are fewer places with nicer staff or that are more committed to the location and the customers then Roma's is.
The danish are magnificent, and only .75 a pop. They have mini and big sticky buns, with raisins or nuts, and the little ones are only .25! Their doughnuts are gigantic and melt-in-your-mouth delicious. The filled ones are thick and cakey; the glazed, light and flaky! Cakes are made to order, although they always have some that are blank for emergencies (if you are lucky, there's still one left when you get there) not to mention they always have delicious fruit desserts (sheet pies for slicing, and little personal round tarts, and custom order ones and oh! the list just goes on). Artery-destroying cannolis. Tons of variations of butter cookies and wafers. Muffins that are full of fresh fruit; crumbly, and sweet without being overwhelming...
The cafe always has four or five old guys sitting around drinking coffee and talking italian, though sometimes there are some old greek(?) guys there, too. Back in the day, they used to sit there smoking, and even though I, too, smoke, there is definitely something to be said for the law that prevents them from doing so anymore. Much better place to relax, now :) I don't drink coffee myself, so I can't speak to the quality of their offerings. 
Roma's is my go to bakery for meeting graft, lateness bribes, birthday cakes, and special treats for myself that I wsh were a little more infrequent...Recently found this bakery while looking for a Birthday cake for my Gram who loves Strawberry Shortcake.  
I called ahead and they were very helpful to figure out what size cake I needed.  They did a perfect job on the piping for 'Happy 90th Birthday Grandmom' that's was impressive in itself!
The cake was delicious the filling was fresh and everyone loved it.  I definitely will be retuning!Went in for a cannoli and walked out with a St. Joseph cake (riccota/choc chip). Their filling is really amazing, with a slight lemony flavory and the zeppoli itself was light and airy. Together, it was better than a cannoli. And it's priced right.
Update: Best cream donuts ever. Go early, they often sell out by noon.Happened across this place solely because of yelp and now I'm in love! Amazing, freshly made pastries at HUGELY reasonable prices.I love to support small business as much as possible and Cafe Roma will always be my "go to" place for cakes.  They are so delicious and so reasonably priced!Great Italian bakery!! Love their cream puffs and apple turnovers.  They also have Italian cookies, pumpkin pie, cupcakes, donuts and muffins.  Homemade... not that cheap sugary stuff you find at Dunkin Donuts. Friendly service as well.This bakery is awesome! I picked up a German chocolate cake here for a coworker's birthday, and it was a work of art. I also got a carrot cake cupcake for myself, and it was adorable. There was a little carrot iced on top, after all! The cream cheese frosting was delicious; sweet but not too sweet. The carrot cake itself was moist and flavorful with plump raisins inside. Even better: no nuts! I can't wait to go back and try something else, like the cannolis. They even have a few tables inside if you want to grab a coffee and savor your baked good on the spot. 
Everything was reasonably priced. (The German chocolate cake, a 3-layer cake, was only $16!) One thing I recommend is that you bring cash, because that's all they take. There is an East River Bank ATM nearby, but chances are you're not a member of that bank. Any fees are worth it, however.always love a bakery however my only purchase was a cup of coffee and a loaf of bread. the coffee was just plain awful and the bread was just plain edible. it's a  3-star review only because it's in my 'hood.Everything is delicious, but the best cream donuts ever. I probably shouldn't even be posting this review because too many people might find out about the donuts....I want cannoli- I come here. They do it right. Empty shells on display, and stuffed after ordering. Thank you for being you, Cafe Roma.My go to place for cakes, pies and cupcakes!
Even though I love to bake, there are sometimes when I don't have the time to get everything done. When I need to go for that "homemade" feel, I order from Roma. The service is great, the prices can't be beat and the baked goods are delicious. 
And it's not just for orders to go... On the weekends, the kiddos and I like to stop in for a treat (the sticky buns are great) and a coffee (for me, of course).Cafe Roma is my go-to place for all things sweet! Not only have they been a local business for years and years, but their prices are unbeatable (especially for this Manayunk resident, who really doesn't want to pay $35 for a cake or pie!). Their pastries, cakes, pies, cookies (I could go on and on) are OUTSTANDING and their prices are so reasonable! I always get great service when I call and stop in, and during my last visit I was even given a free pastry! I absolutely love Cafe Roma!Good cannoli, cappucinno, and donuts, and bread.  Honestly, a lot of their stuff is bland, though, but what is good is really good.  Would be better if the new chef wasn't talking crap about how awful women are in general  while one is purchasing his goods.Cafe Roma is a yummy bakery with lots of great items but my favorite is the Italian Rum cake - plus, the rumsoaked leftovers get better and better in your refrigerator - heavenly.My beautiful coworker brought in a German chocolate birthday cake from this wonderful Italian pastry shop today.  It was absolutely divine!  The best cake that I have had since moving to Philadelphia.  Mind you...I am not even a fan of chocolate cake and this cake was chocolate on chocolate.  It was 3 layers...with chocolate and coconut icing on each layer...chocolate shavings on the outside.  Strong coconut flavor, but I love coconut!  Next time my coworker passes by I'd love for her to pick up some cannolis for me.... : )Went here yesterday- best chocolate chip muffin I've ever had, and the perfect 'coffee with milk and sugar'. Sweet homey feeling, staff was welcoming and very nice. Amazingly reasonable prices. Always feels good to support a local business!This Italian bakery is incredible.  You must buy their canolis, they have 3 different types of creme fillings to choose from and all of them are light and delicious.  The owners are very welcoming and friendly, making this local spot have the neighborhood-friendly vibe.  You can't find a better family owned bakery in Manayunk.Everything there is too sweet for me. The price is OK but quality of their products could be a little better. We drove there because these amazing reviews, however, may not go back again.I've now stopped in twice and am so excited there's such a great business nearby.  I picked up a peanut butter chocolate cake for an anniversary and everyone was raving about it.  I really couldn't believe the prices too!!  People were guessing I paid triple because of the cake's quality.  I will definitely be back!!This place is so great, I had three cakes from here and each of them was sooooo good. Last week I needed to buy my brother and his fiancé a wedding cake, ( very last minute) I went in there the day before this wedding early morning, explained what I wanted and my price range, and they made it happen in that short amount of time it was perfect!!!! I came back the next day three hours before the wedding and it was beautiful, everyone loved it. I love this bakery it looks very old school but you would be surprised on what they can do. Ill def be back.I'm so glad to find a little shop in Roxborough that still has home made neighborhood feeling. The decor was sparse, a few framed photos of Italy and Italian themed artwork. There was no music but it felt like I was granted a peek into the secret life of the family who works hear. Everyone was delightful and friendly. The cappuccno was great, and the donuts were wonderful. I'll definitely be back to try more pastries.I've been going here since I was a kid, in the 80's, with my grandmom.  Always a great treat.  Now that I am a "grown up", we started a tradition of getting our birthday cakes from Romas.  They never disappoint....beautiful, very good cakes! They have a nice variety of cookies, italian pastries, and if you want to order a cake, they are very accommodating.Wonderful ownership and staff, it is the place you can buy the best Pizzelle in town. Do not forget to try their pastry and bread.
Do you remember when you were getting your bread at the "Panetteria" somewhere in a small village in Calabria in the 1950's?a great inexpensive bakery. everything i've had here has been delicious! order ahead for pies and cakes.
keep in mind, they only take cash.~Cash only~
Was craving cake, wanted the pound cake but went with the Italian Rum Cake because my mom likes rum cake. It's multi-layered: cake, chocolate filling, cake, icing, cake, vanilla filling, cake -- I couldn't figure out if the top layer of cake was a different variety, there were a couple bites where it seemed like it could've been a slightly stale bread, but it worked to add an exotic aspect.  Icing was slightly too sweet for my preferences, but absolutely NOT the grocery store lard & sugar crap.   My family scarfed it down in no time.
Also got a coconut custard bar that was HEAVENLY.
Overall, I am Very Intrigued, and will definitely be back to try more things!!  Plus the prices are good.We were very pleased with  my daughter's wedding cake from Cafe Roma.  Franco worked his magic to make a beautiful delicious pound cake that the wedding guests loved--and he was able to tastefully incorporate the cake topper used on  the bride's grandparents' cake 71 years ago.
We also highly recommend the mini-cannoli.Fantastic!!!  Incredibly reasonable prices for heavenly cakes and desserts!Was visiting relatives in town and wanted to take them something, so based on Yelp reviews stopped in bakery. We got a pound of assorted butter cookies and twelve mini ricotta cheese cannoli for about $23.00 which is way less than I've paid elsewhere. Best of all, everyone enjoyed them! Remember to bring money, it's CASH only.Don't show up at 7:30 and get the fresh sticky buns!  Leave them all for me.  
Doughnuts - clean - great variety - fresh
Danish - perfect
Almond Raspberry thing - sleeper
Cookies - great
Cakes - great
Service - perfect
Owners - friends, so i am bias, but i do not lie about these goods!Today I picked up a cake -(and cannolis)for my brother and fiancé for their engagement! Wow, Absolutely gorgeous! They were so helpful when I called to place the order and pick it up early! Can't wait to go back and eat these delicious treats! You know it's good when the cafe is packed :) Thank you!If you want good quality baked goods at an affordable price, this is the place to go! I pre-ordered a themed cake for a party a week before the pick up date. Since I am no longer living in the city, I was not able to come in person and coordinate my needs for the cake. Luckily, the man on the phone was able to take my order through the phone and it turned out fine for the most part. The cake was moist, plentiful, and gorgeous. My only complaint was that the name I gave them was spelled incorrectly. The "e" was meant to be a "z". It could have been an error of miscommunication.I can't say enough great things about the cakes from Cafe Roma! Since I first learned about this place a few months ago we have gotten three cakes for three different occasions--two red velvet and a vanilla. All have been pretty and DELICIOUS. Everyone asks where we got it, its so good. And the prices are extremely reasonable. Now that I am reading the other reviews I know our next cake will be the Italian Cream Cake. Regardless, I will not go anywhere else for a cake! Love Cafe Roma.This is my good to spot for fresh rolls.  Under a buck each and they are really good.My husband and I just moved to Philly and this bakery made me think of all the mom-and-pop bakeries that used to dot the outer boroughs of NYC in the 80s and the 90s, it's even cash-only too!
The cannoli are amazing, the ricotta is perfect -- not too sweet or too dense, the espresso is good, and the baked goods are divine, we'll be back! I think we found our go-to bakery in Philadelphia.Five stars for their cream donut (unfortunately, they only had one donut left when I went). Heavenly donut. The donut melts in your mouth with just enough sweetness. Probably the best donut I've had in my life. However, had to take two stars away because our visit went downhill from there. 
Apart from the incredible donut-
The biscotti had a very strong licorice taste. Could not take more than a bite. Very disappointed. Personal preference. If you are into licorice, go give it a shot. I was also very surprised that the biscottis were very soft, not hard and crunchy like the ones that I'm used to eating. Not my favorite. 
The pocket. When I asked the lady behind the counter what it was, she responded with an interesting attitude... as if I asked such a dumb question. Was too embarrassed to ask any more questions. It was like a folded-up cookie with raspberry filling inside. It was alright. Nothing special. 
This leads to their terrible service.. or lack thereof.
No one greeted us or asked if we needed help picking out what we liked. This time it was a college-aged girl, not the older lady mentioned in the other yelper's review. There was an older gentleman, probably in his 70s or 80s) who didn't say a word either. The only thing we heard while we were there was that the item we were wondering about was "the pocket" and our total. 
It is a small mom and pops bakery. Really enjoyed finding it on Yelp and trying their donut. My husband and I will probably go back to try more donuts if we were ever in the area. I hope they would loosen up a bit with a friendly smile the next time we visit. Felt very unwelcomed this time.First I want to thank this wonderful vendor for making me so happy.  Second, I want to thank the baker himself for an amazing cake that was just as delicious as it looked.  He put up with all my questions, (even ones that I asked as million times), always got back to me and is one of the most flexible, creative people I have ever met.  They are an amazing, hole in the wall bakery that need to be known by all!All I can say is...WOW! Came here for the first time today and we felt so welcomed!! I love the fact that this is a family owned bakery. I didn't have cash on me and it was a cash only bakery so I had to walk outside to an ATM (literally less than a minute walk). No big deal! The owner gave us a free donut to make up for that fact that they were cash only. That was so kind! We got the carrot cake cupcake and a mochaccino as well--PHENOMENAL!!!! The cupcake and donut were so good I seriously want 20 more. Will definitely be coming back and will be spreading the word that this bakery is one of the best in Philly!!Romas Bakery us the only old school bakery around every time I go in there I feel like Iam at my grandmoms again I love real bakery pastries .Nothing better on a Sunday Morning .Iam so glad to see this bakery still stands tall Love u guysI initially discovered this place when one of my old bosses ordered their assortment of muffins (Lemon poppy seed, raspberry, and blueberry) for his retirement ceremony a few weeks ago, and couldn't stop thinking of them  because the muffins were HUGE and PHENOMENALLY flavorable and big. So this weekend I decided to visit in person and I was not disappointed, I got two red velvet cupcakes ($2.00 each) and a large cappuccino and ate it in store. Started talking to the brother's (I'm assuming) who were extremely friendly and helpful in suggesting other places to visit due to me being new to Philly! Definitely going to try "Roma's Pizza" down the street this upcoming weekend due to being told its been in the family for over 50 years! If you want custom cakes, cupcakes, cookies and want it reasonably priced and friendly smiles I HIGHLY suggest this place! Will be coming back and bringing all my friends who visit there as well. Thank you 
***It's Cash only but there's ATM's at the pizza place across the road and several other places nearby***I can't wait to go back and get my best canolis in town! When quarantine is over I hope they will be open immediately.This place is truly a gem in the heart of Roxborough. An amazing bakery with even better pricing! The cannolis are to die, the cakes delicious, and the cupcakes were amazing. The staff is always helpful and happy to see you. Remember cash only !Very disappointed in service and baked goods!   
Service-  I went to Cafe Roma one weekday morning last month. There was an older lady (in her 70s or 80s) behind the counter and two customers eating at a small table. The older lady never greeted me.  No "good morning."  No "hello."  No "how can I help you?" No smile on her face. Nothing.  I ordered about 4 or 5 different pastries and two cream donuts. My total was well under $10, which I found very reasonable.  The older lady boxed up my items, handed them to me, and that was it.  No "thank you.", no "come again.", no "have a good day.", nothing. Now, I know everyone isn't one for small talk, but there is no excuse for cold, unfriendly customer service.  
Baked goods-  Despite the terrible customer service, I still had high hopes for the pastries due to the positive Yelp reviews. Well, I'm completely dumbfounded! I definitely don't see how this place is getting 5 stars.  I did not care for any of the items that I ordered. I can't remember the specific names of the pastries I ordered, but they were either dry or tasteless or both.  The cream donuts didn't even taste like donuts.  They tasted like unsweetened bread with a sweet but flavorless cream inside.   
I feel terrible for giving Cafe Roma one star because I know everyone has off days, but  between the poor customer service and the not-so-good pastries, I can not recommend them nor would I patronize them again.I adore this place! It's so adorable and the others) staff are so friendly! Their coffee is delicious, their band goods are scrumptious, you really can't go wrong! It's the perfect spot to just stop by on your way home or have a moving date with your significant other! My favorite memory of going here was with my husband- we were just going to do by for coffee and some desserts but it started pouring so we sat down and it turned into a date :). Such a happy accident! Also, if you're planning a special occasion and need cake, get it here!Woke up on Saturday morning seriously craving real donuts (sorry Dunkin) but way too far from my hometown bakery to make a trip. So I hopped on yelp, saw the great reviews for this place, and quickly convinced the bf to come along to scope it out. 
Cafe Roma had exactly what I was looking for: cream donuts covered in powdered sugar, and glazed ones dipped in heavy chocolate frosting. They weren't the best I've ever had, but they totally hit the spot. 
The huge selection of cookies and cakes were an immediate temptation... I resisted this time, but I'll definitely be back to sample.My favorite Italian bakery in Philadelphia. We have been getting Italian cream cakes from here every year for my birthday. Their amoretti cookies and eclairs are also so delicious. Seriously, you cannot go wrong getting anything here. If you are ever in the Roxborough area you need to stop by Roma!Best bakery around! Great treats at amazing prices! My kids are addicted to their cannoli and the donuts are huge.If you're looking for glazed donuts, THIS is the place. Nowadays it's hard to find bakeries that sell glazed donuts. Thank God for this bakery. Love their cupcakes  also. And they've been nothing but friendly everytime I've gone.This is an old fashioned Italian bakery in the heart of Roxborough. Everything is always fresh and you can also order ahead and get one of their delicious cakes. They have the best cupcakes (and I don't like sweets) I always bring them to any invited dinner I attend. I will say, they only accept cash!Ordered a cannoli cake here for my sister's birthday. Not only was the cake an amazing value, but it was also delicious. An authentic Italian bakery that shouldn't be missed!I buy butter cakes here and give them as gifts and EVERY time, people ask me where I got the cakes. This place is a treasure right on Ridge Ave. Family-run, traditional Italian bakery that is an institution in the community. Super friendly and VERY reasonably priced items. I recommend the cannoli's, the doughnuts and of course those butter cakes! But really everything her is great and very affordable, so stop in for a cup of coffee one day and load up on baked goods.Anything you get is amazing and very reasonably priced. Everybody is very friendly and helpful. Especially love the cream puffs and all three flavors of the mini cannolis.This bakery is amazing! The staff is so friendly and welcoming. The powdered cream donuts are to die for. All of the pastries are delicious. Call ahead to order your next cake or pie. You will not be disappointed!