This place is SOOOOO delicious. The decor is awesome reminded me of a cafe in Paris I went to. The service was great, everyone is quick and nice and helpful. The owner asked us a few times if we were good and was so nice! The food is incredible I cannot wait to go back! By far, my favorite brunch spot in Philly.The food was pretty good. Coffee weak and not very satisfying. The staff was very rushed and impolite. Was seating by a smelly bathroom and not attended to very oftenMy best friend and I were visiting Philadelphia for a few days and our AirBnB host recommended this place! I had the huevos rancheros and they were the best I've ever had. The presentation of the food here is incredible! I can't wait to come back the next time I visit the city!I can't stop thinking about the brunch I had here the other day! The food was out of this world and I would drive the two hours back to Philly just to have a bite again!
My boyfriend and I came by for brunch on a Wednesday morning and we were seated inside immediately. There's also some seating outside if it's a nice day. I can imagine on the weekends that this place would be packed, but unfortunately they do not take reservations, so try to get here early or be prepared for a wait. The restaurant is tucked away in a quiet neighborhood and there is some free street parking for two hours.
The menu had so many unique offerings that made it hard for a brunch fiend like me to choose. It's a cool mix of French and Lebonese items. The food on the menu was about $18 plus, but trust me it's worth every penny. I decided to go with the sweet potato Benny and it was EVERYTHING! The Lebonese sausage and the sweet potatoes gave a cool twist to a brunch classic. It also came with a fruit salad that was fresh and tasty. I also ordered a vanilla chai latte and it was the best I've ever had! Not overly sweet and it was served with pretty latte art. My boyfriend ordered the Parisian Zá, which came with a ton of food so if you're hungry order this. Service was outstanding as we were never without want. I can't wait to come back here again the next time I'm in Philly!Great great breakfast and coffee place! Was here for brunch with the family, everyone loved their food. I had shakshuka, keep in mind that they call it something else, and it was tasty and fresh. The pastries and coffee are amazing as well. Can't wait to go back.Great food, my favorite brunch place in the neighborhood.  Also one of the few that actually takes credit.The owner is very friendly and down to earth, and the place has a nice atmosphere. The restaurant decor is very cute and it's a good size.  There is also available seating outside.  The food tasted very fresh and looked vibrant and was well prepared.  It was tasty and didn't take long to come out.  The service was great and the wait wasn't too long, although it gets very busy.   However, I felt in comparison to other brunch places and their prices, you get more food for what you pay for than here at Cafe La Maude, where the proportion of food isn't as large.  I still felt content afterwards, and the food is delicious either way.  It was a refreshing and enjoyable meal!One word: Excellent. Excellent atmosphere. excellent service. Excellent menu options. Excellent fresh taste. 
We looooved this place and had a hard time selecting what to order because we wanted to try everything. Everything was exceptional and met our high expectations after reading all of the rave reviews. We will be back very soon and often!You will die with regrets if you're in the city and choose not to stop by here. I don't care how far you have to go, because if I got here on foot under what felt like 110F, then I have faith in you too my friend.
SERVICE
* Super attentive, friendly, sociable and quick! [1]
ENVIRONMENT
* Lovely outdoor seating
* Classy interior seating near the front
* Refreshing and brighter lit seating in the back
* Clean, Parisian style unisex restroom
FOOD (menu)
* Something for everyone [2]
* Worth every buck [3]
FOOD (experience)
* Saumon Fume a cheval [4] [5]
OVERALL
Cafe La Maude is a one of a kind breakfast joint! Tucked away a little distance from all your typical Philly tourist attraction sites. But like I said earlier, it's worth the travel. Because if I could, I would maximize every criteria for a review. 
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, so make it worth it with a trip and splendid dining experience here!! 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
[1] The owner does a much better job than any teacher/professor I've had at remembering your name and face, regardless of how many people there are waiting for a seat. Even if the line goes on to the other side of the street, he will do whatever it takes to hunt you down and get you that seat. They do a fabulous job of getting customers seated, served, and out for the next customer, and craving for more in a heartbeat, without the slightest bit of pressure to rush.
[2] The menu felt like love at first sight! Would definitely come by again and again to try everything. Every order was the definition of a perfect breakfast; included carbs, proteins, veggies, fruits, etc., which so many breakfast places tend to forget and just load you up with potatoes. Huge fan of the exotic menu that differentiates it from other typical breakfast joints.
[3] Prices run on average of $15-16. Worth every bit  for the amount of food you're getting, for the quality, and for the photogenic food presentation.
[4] Avocado spread, mascarpone cream cheese & creme fraiche, smoked salmon, tomatoes, cucumbers, radish, arugula, chives, onion, and capers; served on pumpernickel bread; with a side of potatoes & a sunny side up egg
[5] This does not receive nearly as much hype as it should, and that's coming from someone who's a picky salmon eater. Nothing all too overpowering. Perfect balance of everything on your nice and chewy bread..mmm...yum~ And you also get your fair share of egg porn.this place has reduced their portion sizes while at the same time increasing prices, very disappointing as this used to be a good placeA lovely brunch spot. Everything on the menu sounds delicious. I got the parisian za - ham wrapped around warm goat cheese on top of bed of onions over crossaint, side of potatoes with fried onions, and salad with fruits. It was actually pretty light which is what I love. It is pricey though. 19 dollars for brunchA wonderful place for brunch. Green Shakshuka (new on the menu) is delicious! Great food. Great location. Great service.In a neighborhood known for "hipster" and "alternative", this little French cafe stands out as a breath of fresh air.  A Parisian influenced cafe with a bench and high-top tables along the wall facing the counter/coffee bar, the decor is simple with comfortable seating.
The large chalkboard menu behind the counter is ambitious and a bit overwhelming.  There seems to be no obvious choice as the savory egg dishes are fighting against the sweet french toast...the only logical option is to share with a friend (or just order one of each and skip lunch!).  Coffee and variants (cap/frap/mocha/espresso) are all served up better than most barista's can accomplish!
Unique breakfast sandwiches and egg dishes, all with a french twist.  l'oeuf au jambon gruyere is my staple, order it on a croissant.
The staff is friendly and except for the occasional coffee refill, gives you all the time in the world to just hang out and get some work done, such a better scene than your typical velvet sofa'd, oversized mug douchery coffeeshop.  Treat yourself to a relaxing brunch done right.Even though this place is small it has a very warm and inviting feel to it. Our server was amazing and even offered to go cups for my coffee and my partners pom juice. (NO ONE DOES THAT) I ordered the lemon mascarpone whipped cream stuffed croissant with raspberry compote and fresh strawberries. This dish is a must try for brunch. Great for someone with a dangerous sweet tooth like myself but still great for anyone that doesn't like French toast because it's usually too sweet. I will never look at stuffed French toast the same, this dish just set my standards too high. 
           The simple breakfast with chicken sausage, eggs, hash browns, French toast and fresh fruit was my partner's choice for brunch and let's just say I had to help her finish it. The portions here are more than plenty and it's never a bad thing when the price is right. Worth the 10min drive from my hotel and worth every penny. Service was great and the food, impeccable. Will be revisiting soon.Wow! Exceptional service, super delicious food and such fast service. We had Sunday brunch for three adults and three kids under age 4. I was so impressed with the friendliness of the staff and how quick they were to anticipate our needs. And the food was amazing! Highly recommended.What a neat little café that is definitely worth the wait. The place was packed and extremely busy; nevertheless, we were quickly greeted by the friendly owner as soon as we walked in the door. We were told it would be an hour to 1.5 hours, though we were seated within about 20-30 minutes. I ordered the Parisian Za with orange juice-- very good! A croissant with ham, cheese, and caramelized onions with two over-easy eggs, a small salad, and potatoes on the side. I ate the entire thing within 5 minutes. My husband ordered the Poboy sandwich special-- also very good! I'd love to come back next time we're in the area. Great food and great people.Let me preface this with I've been to a lot of the brunch spots in Philly -  honey sit n eat,  green eggs,  Sabrinas cafe,  cafe lift,  and breakfast boutique. They all offer something a little different and its hard to impress me because I tend to be a picky eater.  However,  Cafe La Maude takes the cake in terms of freshness of food and quality of service. When you enter, its got a definite cozy European cafe feel to it.  Parking is sparse but by chance we ran into the owner who was so sweet and offered us a spot nearby.  He even dropped by later at our table inquired where we were from and how we heard about his place.  My friends and I all respectively enjoyed our meals and the serving size was pretty large.  Come with a hungry appetite :) I only wish this was closer to Elkins park because this is my favorite brunch location in Philly!My girlfriend and I heard great things and decided to stop in for brunch today, I got the french toast and it was AMAZING. The staff was great and accommodating. Will be back and will recommend to everyone.Some of the best breakfast I've had in a while. It's pretty cheap and you can get a lot of food. Service is good and they are all very polite. Highly recommend!I want to give this a bad review, to prevent crowds of people from coming.  But I can't everything about the place it top notch. The food is amazing, I tell the hostess/waitress/owner? "surprise me", she comes back "OK Baby i got you". I have never left there disappointed, or hungry. Food is fresh, the place is clean, service is great. What more can you ask for.Best brunch in Philly, hands down. Every time I go I can't decide what to order off of the extensive French-Lebanese menu; and I am never disappointed. You can't go wrong. The food is DELICIOUS. The line can seem overwhelming but don't get discouraged, the staff does a great job of moving tables in and out quickly (but your meal doesn't seem rushed). My only negative about this place is that they use ketchup packets and being a ketchup lover, this isn't ideal. But that doesn't stop me from going back. Order an iced cappuccino and sit outside on a nice day!Cafe la Maude is my FAVORITE place to have brunch. I go during the week, for business meetings and on the weekends with friends and family. The food is delicious, the atmosphere is unique, and the people are amazing! Every time I visit, I feel at home and part of the family.My new favorite brunch spot...maybe my new favorite restaurant overall based on the fantastic food and warm service. 
The Fresh-Squeezed Orange Juice was heavenly and a much more generous pour than I had anticipated. Everything on my N-Liberties plate was beautifully arranged and absolutely delicious - the bun/hummus/onions/sausage was a wonderful combination, the fruit was ripe, the salad was light, the potatoes and cauliflower were perfectly prepared. I also shared the Berrylicious Pain Perdu - 1/6 of this was plenty since it really was like a dessert.
And not only was the staff friendly, but you can tell they really want to make their customers happy. When my friend's leftovers were accidentally not packaged up, they put in an order for a totally new dish for her to take home without us even asking - love that level of service!Me and a female friend tried to go to Honey's Sit and Eat a few doors down from here earlier today, but there was a wait so we settled for this nice looking place. I've been living in No Libs for a year now and I never even noticed this place before. I've really been missing out because La Maude is the truth. 
We were impressed from the second we walked in the door. I'm usually focused on the food rather than the decor but the whole place had a noticeably warm and friendly feel to it. Waitress was very nice. Once we saw the plates come out we knew we would be back. I got the marinated chicken sandwich with sauteed onions, arugula, tomato, pickles and a garlic aoli sauce. Sandwich was a 10/10. Great bread, fresh, high quality ingredients, and the aoli was the perfect compliment. My friend got the Ananas salad which has among other things sauteed shrimp and carmelized pineapple. She thought it was great and my samples of it were very tasty. 
All around, it was a great experience from start to finish. I thought the price of 30$ including tip was very reasonable too. I'll definitely be back to this local gemReally wonderful flavors and down-to-earth, genuine service.  Will be back!  Thank you for an excellent brunch :)This place is perfect for early or late breakfast!! The menu is soooo intense plenty of options and a lot to choose from .. Outdoor seating and beautiful indoor seating as well.. I loved the pretty bathroom! The food was SOOO fresh and the orange juice is delicious freshly squeezed ... The petite steak was so amazing a must try.. Each dish comes with fresh grilled fruit so yummy.. The service is a plus because everyone is so friendly! And the owner is such a sweetheart! He is very friendly and went over the menu with us !! We will definitely be back here very soon :)So the food here is hands down some of the best brunch food in the city.  I've been coming here back when it used to have a much shorter line than Honey's - these days it can be just as busy.  
Why only two stars?  The portion size and value are not there.  Take for example the salmon fume (see pic) that I ordered for take out - this was nearly $20!  Sorry that's not acceptable by any standard.  If you are going to maintain such prices, you better be sure that people get their money's worth - otherwise they will just feel ripped off.Two star is for the fried eggplant. A star is for the barista who made my Mocha.I am a sucker for cute coffee shop. I brought my friend here for brunch on Saturday. The staff are warm and welcoming and we had such a great experience. I love the decor. It is sophisticated and classy. 
We had their brioche french toast and omelet with spinach, onion, and french ham. Everything was so good even the coffee.Food is made fresh, amazing, and is filling. The owner is super nice and so are the waitresses. 
Absolutely loved the atmosphere as well, I will def be returning again.Soooo... I've used Yelp for about 5 years without utilizing the review feature. Just preying on others reviewing spots and making my own private reviews. Well today is the day I break the seal and say THIS PLACE IS GOD DAM AMAZING. 5Excellent excellent breakfast here. It is a complete plate, a complete experience. The menu is huge, intimidating, but I did right with the N Liberties. The only negative, and this is a big consideration, is that the prices are very high. For my breakfast and coffee, it came out to over $20. That's more than I prefer to spend, but it is surprisingly worth it.Awesome brunch spot! The food is excellent. Yes, a bit more expensive than your average brunch spot, but well worth it. Both my fiancee and I had omelets. They were perfect and even better with the avocado. Everything was super fresh and the bread was out-of-this-world. 
The service was equally fantastic. The manager was very friendly and was very involved in making sure that everything ran efficiently. There was a slight wait, but they got us sitting down as quickly as they could.
We will definitely be going back!Went here with three friends on a Sunday for brunch after my bachelor party. Having grown up outside of Philadelphia, I was not familiar with the small neighborhood restaurants in the city. My friend suggested Cafe La Maude, and it was a great choice.
Our waitress was fantastic, and gave us all recommendations, which we followed. I had the Parisian 'Za, and it was well worth the price. My dining companions also thoroughly enjoyed their selections. The iced coffee was very good as well.
Next time I'm in the city, I will return here, whether for brunch or dinner.First timers!  Robust cappuccino followed by and extensive menu of unusual creations.  We went with two recommendations .  Gypsy Eggs were served in a piquant tomato sauce with flavorful zatar bread.  The burrito was open faces with eggs, cheese, black beans and jasmine rice.  Friendly staff and owner added to experience.  When we asked what a certain item was, he offered a taste. That's a class establishment!BEST BREAKFAST/LUNCH IN PHILLY, seriously. I love this place, I love so many of the dishes that I can't even choose a favorite. Rich, sophisticated French-Lebanese cuisine. The plates are big, you won't leave hungry and they serve La Colombe coffee, too. Friendly and helpful staff. I would eat there every day if I could. 
A few of my favorites: Brisket huevos rancheros, Lebanese club, Cobb beefsteak salad, Saumon fume a cheval, El bait omelet. and more...This is my favorite brunch spot in Philly!! The cafe is very cute and definitely makes you feel like you're in Europe. If you're looking for something other than usual brunch options  (i.e. greasy skillets and such) I would give this place a try. The croque madame is excellent!!This place is adorable! Went with a friend and the service was incredible! They were attentive but not pushy, which was great! Definitely want to come back!Overpriced. Small portion. No bread? Thats not how its done. Left hungry. Dont go close to closing time cause you will be rushed. To many other better places to make me ever come back again.I paid $16 for this??!
1 small pancake, hash browns, 2 thin little sausage patties and the most pathetic excuse for a fruit salad I've ever seen!!
Don't order delivery. Not worth it in any way, shape or form. 
I gave 3 s because eating at the restaurant is a good experience.Great in every respect. The place was packed on a sunny spring Saturday, but we were seated quickly, having had just the right amount of time to peruse the deep menu. Excellent food, fabulous and friendly service, and great coffee. Next time I'm in town La Maude will be on the short list.Finally made it a point to check out Cafe La Maude today. Ordered the Pan Bagnet sandwich and was very pleased. The filling of flaked tuna, boiled eggs, greens, boiled potatoes and olive tepenade served in a crusty baguette was delicious and had a great balance of flavors. Latte was strong and a great cup of coffee. I look forward to exploring more of the menu!So, I just discovered this place after moving to Northern Liberties last month.  First of all, the place itself is so inviting and adorable.  It has a quaint cafe style ambience - so nice! The staff are friendly, helpful, and are also super super inviting.  The owner is always there, helping out and is also so very nice :)
Their coffee - ok, let me preface this with saying that I am a coffee snob and have tried an inumerable amount of different coffees from around the world...the coffee from Cafe La Maude is my favorite, officially addicted - doesn't help that I live like 100 steps from it, haha.
Their food - absolutely incredible.  Breakfast all day.  They have a wide variety of very imaginative and modern takes on classic dishes.  I was blown away.  If you want to cream your pants in public, order the Blanc de L'oeuf au Poivron Grillé :  Egg whites, roasted peppers, sautéed spinach, feta, mushrooms, tomatoes, arugula & olives...holy balls.
I highly recommend this place to anybody.  Hope you enjoy it as much as I do!
--ChrisI'm new to Philadelphia and decided to give this place a try. I must say I've enjoyed every minute of it. The food was authentic, and the staff was very friendly. They've recommended the Chai Latte with the Tramisu pancake and it was amazing! I'm definitely coming back because there were plenty in the menu I didn't get a chance to tryI can't say enough great things about this place. The owner is super friendly. The food is 5 star to say the least and the macaroons oh my! I'm not a big fan either of macaroons either but this place def made me reconsiderI love everything about Cafe La Maude - the food, the atmosphere, the owners - EVERYTHING!!!  I have been coming here since they opened and I am very glad that they are such a success.  I would rate this as the best place for brunch in Philly hands down and would give them more stars if I could.  Having tried practically everything on the menu, my go-to choices are the open faced Mediterranean burrito, the brisket huevos rancheros, and the Parisian Za, but you really can't go wrong with any of the options.First time here was great went with my sister and nephew had the eggs Benedict DELICIOUS along with the 2 cappuccino
Great spot love it will be back soonCafe LaMaude is more than just a cafe, it is a meeting place for the neighborhood, which gives an "old world" charm to this already charming establishment.
On any day, you'll walk in and meet people from all walks of life, in varying professions, who will engage mot willingly in very stimulating conversation, or share a laugh. 
Aside from this very warm and welcoming atmosphere, the food is incredible. Fresh ingredients, interesting and unique flavors, and impeccable, personal service make each customer feel welcomed and special. 
The owners are at the cafe 100% of the time, and their attention to quality and detail are apparent in the scrubbed tiles, spotless tables, and euro style decor.
Some of my favorite menu items are: Tilapia, served with delicious hand cut potatoes as a sandwich, or on a delightful bed of greens. Blanc deL'eoufe au Poivron Grille (Egg white omelet in simplest terms) And the DeMaison salad. 
The portions are generous., and plated beautifully. Clean ingredients with careful preparation, and great atmosphere make this my "go to" place.The food here was great!  Looking around, everyone's meal looked delicious.  Yes it's pricey for breakfast.  An entree averages $18...so with a drink and tax, you're looking at about $25/person plus tip.  We went on a Sat morning around 10am and did not have a wait.  They have very limited outdoor seating as well.  One couple at an outdoor table had their dog with them.  The waitress set-up here is interesting.  All of the servers are your waitress.  They all work together and don't have specific tables.  I guess based on all the 5 star reviews, it works!  My friend and I both got the Guifre which is like chicken and waffles.  It came with fried potatoes.  It was delicious!  Food was great, service was great, price was a little high...definitely recommend.Went here for the first time and I will definitely be coming back! Everything was amazing from the short 20 min wait to finishing my last bite. 
Loved how nicely the cafe was decorated and the homey feeling it projected. But most importantly the amazing tasting FOOD! I had the Open Face Mediterranean burrito and it was sooo good. Hubby got the Brisket huevos rancheros, and he cleaned his place.  amazing first experience!I've been back here twice since my first review and I am constantly blown away by the dishes.  I tried the Kafta sandwich and it was all that I imagined it to be and more. 
This week I tried the  the Ananas (French for pineapple) salad and it was probably the most delicious salad I have ever had. The grilled halloumi cheese mixed with the grilled shrimp, grilled pineapple and mango over a bed of mixed greens (it's supposed to be over arugula but I asked for spring mix instead) was mouthwatering and all of the flavors came together nicely. 
The owners are the best and make everyone feel at home.I went here for the first time couple months ago, and it was AMAZING. I ate the caprese benedict and it was literally done to perfection. The environment is nice, and the owner is very kind and helpful to his staff. The prices are a bit steep but well worth it! Coming here again soon!With out a doubt my favorite place to have brunch for a year now. The owner is always attentive to your needs and the food is out of this world.The huevos rancheros is an awesome meal.  This was one of the best breakfast's I have had in Philly.  I can't wait to go back.What a find.  I have told nearly everyone I know about Cafe La Maude.  Being in the restaurant business myself, its all the little things that you notice that really impress me. Gabe and his wife are lovely people and we where able to chat with them while having brunch one day.  The staff is courteous and helpful.  The restaurant is impeccably clean.  I love the back room black and white photo collage of french actors. My first visit I ordered the Mediterranean platter, pita, hummus, labne, avocado salad and a perfectly cooked egg.  It came with a meat but I am vegetarian so I omitted it from my order.   I found it hard not to order again on my 2nd visit.  I am vegetarian and the waitress was more than helpful pointing me to the open faced burrito....LOVE!!! I took my mother and we shared a Grand Marnier waffle which is to die for.  You just can't go wrong with anything, whether you are stopping in for a latte and croissant or sitting down to brunch.  One of my favorite, favorite places. Magnifique Cafe La Maude.I went here with 3 of my friends for brunch around 2 or so on a Saturday and there was no wait. A man opened the door for us and greeted us with a friendly smile. My friends and I instantly fell in love with the interior of this place! It's so cute and simple inside. 
Cafe La Maude was byob so we brought a bottle of champagne for some mimosas. They chilled our champagne in an ice bucket and brought out two cups of orange juice (which later I saw was around $3 or so per cup),
The food and service was great. We all ordered different things and we all thoroughly enjoyed our meals and the service. Will be coming back very soon!Best brunch in Philly! I'm really sad that I wasted my Sundays at Honey's and Sabrina's -- this place is ten times better. The decor is very European, and the waitresses are really attentive. We went on a Sunday at noon, got seated immediately and never had an empty water glass. And oh my god, the food. We got the berry pain perdu -- two pieces of french toast with a cinnamony marscapone stuffing and flambeed fruit -- and the za -- croissant with sauteed veggies, goat cheese, ham rolls, potato croquette, two eggs, fruit salad, and veggie salad. Everything was amazing, definitely get a sweet and savory breakfast and share.Finally!!! I tried this place and not only did it meet my expectations it blew them out of the water! What a charming delicious brunch/lunch spot!!! I cannot recommend this place enough if you haven't been yet get over there great food! So quaint and cozy with delicious food get the Anana salad not sure I spelled that right but it was amazing the french toast is great too!A most go to place in your bucket list. That's how Good this place is. I came from north jersey to try it out.Hands down best breakfast/brunch spot in the city. Had the Parisian Za and my wife had the Croque Madam. Both were excellent, especially the Parisian Za. Their coffee is from La Colombe and very good. Definitely a French and middle eastern fusion type of restaurant and it works beautifully.The food was delicious. Ordered Parisian Zá and Saumon Fumé a cheval. They serve a big portion of food on each plate. Their coffee was excellent as well, La Colombe coffee. This place gets crowded fast, make sure you get here early!Although I use yelp almost every day I have never yet written a review. I feel like I just have to for this place. Best hidden brunch/lunch restaurant in Philly! Everything on the menu has been delicious and the coffee is amazing (coming from a bit of a coffee snob)! Not to mention the service is fast & friendly. Definitely a place I can continue to go to again and again with never being disappointed. :) I have no idea how there is never a wait although I would wait hours to eat here!We found this place on Yelp while staying overnight in Philly. Since the reviews were all amazing, it seemed too good to be true. It wasn't. It was amazing...Absolutely amazing!! Everything was so fresh and food came out so fast. My two girlfriends and I came here on a Sunday for brunch, after looking up numerous places we decided to give this place a try. It was the best decision! I got the sweet potato Benedict and I was thrilled with my decision. Portions are big and definitely filling. The atmosphere is great it has a very small town feel where everyone knows each other. We sat outside and I assume the owner was out there and he was very helpful and over joyed when we complimented the food. Such a great place I highly recommend!This was one of the best eggs Benedict I have had.  The brioche bread was amazing.  You really should try this place out!I'm speechless...they handled my party of 10 seamlessly. The food, Amazing!!This is by far my favorite breakfast spot in Philly. The staff is friendly and engaging. The food is flavorful and presented beautifully. My favorite is the popsicle lamb chops with eggs and grits. It sounds like an odd combo but it is amazing. The menu has all the basics eggs, oatmeal, french toast but they also have these amazing dishes like gypsy eggs and a dish called the N- Liberties which features Lebanese sausage. My advice would be to try everything. Of course like all the breakfast spots in that neighborhood there can be wait on Saturday or Sunday morning but it is so worth it.First of all, the owner is so very kind.  He held a table for my husband and 2 kids for over 15 min when people were walking in looking for seats.  He was genuinely concerned about us having a comfortable meal...that's just so refreshing.
The gypsy eggs were to die for, just try them for yourself.  The halloumi sandwich was also delicious and full of flavor.  I honestly haven't had such a flavorful brunch in a long time.  The seasoned pita was also a hit!!
Can't wait to return.This is my favorite brunch spot in the world.Everything on the menu is so TASTY .Presentation is EXCELLENT. 
I ordered: 
1.Eggs Benedict- salmon,cream cheese,avocado 
2.Berrylicious French toast -Mascrapone cheese 
Those are my go-to options but in the past I have also ordered the 3.gypsy eggs that was also amazing 
The atmosphere resembles a French cafe. The crowd is amazing. The owner is super friendly and you will most likely be friends and will recognize you the next time you come in.
Outdoor seating and Pet friendly! 
Great community feel.Great food.Great location.Best brunch of all times.Perfect, friendly service on Easter Sunday! Amazing food. LOVE this place! Will be going back ASAP.This cute cafe is located on a quiet street in Northern Liberties. The place has a bit of a European cafe feel and charm. I had the sweet potato hash with chorizo, poached eggs and avocado. It was amazing. Coffee was really nice and the outdoor seating was delightful. I will be back!I've read so many good reviews for this place, and since I live around the area I figured I give it a try. As you walk in, the place is open and nice inside. The staff was friendly and helpful, but the food was not good. I don't recommend the food, could be what I had but I wasn't impressed by it. Ontop of the food not being good, the price was super high. Way too expensive! I went with my cousin and we just had a meal and coffee each, and we paid somewhere along the lines of 80$. It was quite expensive, Im definitely not returning, but next door is a place called honeys, and the food there is amazingOne of the best brunches in Philly. This place is tiny and intimate but much bigger than it looks when you first come in. Both indoor and outdoor seating are available. The menu is a creative and tantalizing blend of Lebanese and French cuisine. I had the grilled lamb which was fabulous. I wish the grits were seasoned but the rest of the dish was perfection--the flavors complimented each other perfectly. Our service was impeccable. Several waiters checked on us constantly and everything we asked for was brought promptly. We did feel rushed st the end of our meal, but they did it in a rather subtle manner and being in the industry I understand how important it is to turn tables during peak hours. This place is perfect for a girls brunch or intimate lunch dinner. Next time I'll try one of their many flavored mimosas.The special pancakes goes in my top 3 favorite pancakes I've ever had. So good. Highly highly recommend. I'm so glad I found this place!Top notch, fresh ingredients and excellent service.  I have eaten at Cafe La Maude a handful of times and it never disappoints.  Try the Foul Mouhadammas if you like hummus.I always come here to get a cup of coffee to go cause it's so yummy, I haven't eaten from here yet but it's always pack and the quality of food looks great. I would highly recommend this restaurant.Our group had a wonderful time sitting for brunch at Cafe La Maude. The parfait was the best I've ever had! Everyone agreed it was like eating ice cream. The owner circulated the cafe, which was especially nice. We were introduced to his wife and they were kind enough to give personal anecdotes related to the Lebanese/Syrian/French blend going on in the cafe.Went here for New Year's day brunch. So glad that I went here instead of Honey's down the street. What a quaint, homey place. This place takes on french and middle eastern flavors and serves great food. Gabby (I think that's how you spell his name) the owner was so welcoming and visited every table to say hi and check in! The wait staff was also very attentive and kind. I had the Sweet Potato Benny. The sweet potato hash was warm and had bits of meat in it - so good. The hollandaise sauce was probably one of the best hollandaise sauces I've ever had, and I've had my share of eggs benedict. They serve the regular eggs benedict on top of a croissant. Tons of options for brunch including salads, sandwiches, brunch-ie food, etc. You can also order baked goods at the register up front. 
There is also seating in the back. I believe they take reservations because two big parties came in and sat in that back area. They also don't take AMEX. $10 min on credit cards. BYOB! Can't wait to come back!After one of our one-too-many snowstorms this winter, I ventured out for some brunch and finally decided to hit this spot. 
I don't know what else to say other than...
The food is amazing.
The presentation is beautiful and colorful.
The staff is wonderful.
The free wifi with outlets under the seats is brilliant.
I also highly recommend their homemade baklava. We were offered a complimentary piece after purchasing several of their macarons (not to be confused with a macaroon). I wanted to eat about five more pieces on the spot and take the rest home. Yes, I have a sweet tooth.
The brunch was well worth the trek through the snow and ice. I will definitely be going back!I don't have much to say besides the fact that this café became a second home for me. This french-lebanese boutique café is in one word divine. Divine not only for its menu but also for its people.
Go there at 6 am, at noon or later in the afternoon, you will be charmed!
I recently moved back to Europe and not a single café can be compared to this one.
And ... being in French ... I must add that their croissants are better than in France! As weird as this may sound.
So, just go!!! 
Meet the owners, who are magnificent and wonderful people, enjoy their cuisine that is beyond any one's expectations and breath in this unique atmosphere where by only sitting down one will travel across borders.
Bon Voyage!