First of all, the service is outstanding.  I love all of the baristas, especially the owner Jean-Luc.  If you're interested in an interesting conversation - just talk to this guy.  Of course, the other baristas are also engaging.  
Admitedly, the service is not the regular drive-thru speed you might get at Starbucks. But really, that's not what I go to Cafe L'Aube for anyway. Every drink and dish is carefully crafted and the lack of haste accounts for the exquisite quality on your plate. 
It has the feel of Grad Hospital/South St but is usually a bit quieter. 
I love the hot chocolate which is whipped up with imported Belgian chocolate syrup - mmm!  The waffles are also very, very tasty!I ordered a sandwich that had brie, caramelized apples and cocoa which is what I believe to be the updated version of the brie, honey, and walnut.  I was sad because the honey version is the one I wanted to try.  My sandwich was still really good, but for $8 I expected it to be twice as large as it was.  It came with a salad that was equivalent to one large romaine lettuce leaf with a very small sprinkling of vinaigrette.
I would like to give a 3.5 star rating which accounts for the good quality of the sandwich with the price knocking off some stars.
I have higher hopes for the crepes which I will try at a later date.Had a great first experience at Cafe L'Aube. Have been wanting a crepe ever since my friend's internet show about food trucks featured the crepe truck over at Drexel's campus, but I just couldn't get myself to make a trek all the way across town just in the name of crepes. However, I could get myself to Cafe L'Aube, and I couldn't be happier that I did. 
The place is quaint, and new, and nice. My crepe was delicious, and fresh, and different. I asked for ketchup (I knew they weren't going to have it) and I was right, they didn't, but in truth my egg, crispy bacon and goat cheese crepe didn't need it. I couldn't help but ask. Sometimes when I'm hung over I desire ketchup with my eggs even though I usually don't use it.
[sidebar] I apologize because I think some of my reviews make is sound like I drink too much and am always hung over on the weekends- this is not true. I swear. it is just how it seems in my reviews. [end sidebar]
Anyway, my bf had the strawberry and nutella crepe, and we basically shared each, and had some DELICIOUS coffee. As I was sipping my coffee after we had eaten the owner came and sat next to us and a conversation about Philadelphia erupted between us. I don't really talk to people I don't know (funny since I never shut up on here). But the owner was friendly and knowledgeable and we talked about what we love about Philly and what we'd like to see change, and about how horrid the prices of houses in the actual city in nice areas are, despite there being no public schools you could ever send children to. It was a nice conversation, and he was very entertaining. The food and coffee was great. And I will definitely be looking forward to a repeat visit some time in the future.Cute place, great service!  They have super tasty creepes and waffles and good coffee.  The only downside is that they're a little slow when it gets crowded because there is usually only one person working there.My crepe with scrambled egg, goat cheese, bacon, and tomato was good, and the cook made it fresh, even slicing the grape tomatoes after I ordered, and handed me the plate the moment the crepe came off the round flat thingy.  My 14-month-old daughter liked it too.  And the coffee here is good.  (Daughter has no comment on the coffee.)
But I came back later in the day and got a disappointing waffle.  It was soggy, not crisp at all.  You can buy a waffle iron at CVS for twenty bucks and make yourself waffles that were better than this one was, and they won't cost $3.50.  
There was no toilet paper in the bathroom.   I thought maybe they had just opened last week and didn't have the routine down, but I see that is not the case.  Regardless, it is inexcusable.Solid food, casual, laid-back.
The best way to enjoy according to me (because really, that's what Yelp is all about, isn't it?):
1.  Grab a seat in the rear part of the cafe with the low bench-like couches, which are the best seats for a small group to hangout and drink some good coffee while waiting for crepe orders to come out.  
2.  We almost exclusively order the Preferé (bacon, leeks, creme fraiche and swiss cheese) because frankly we can't get enough of this goodness.  
3. We are also known for placing an order for a dessert crepe as the Preferé arrives, so that we can cap it off with a sweet nutella ending.
4.  We live close by and have found that calling ahead for a pick up order is an awesome way to go if you don't have the time to hang out but still crave the yummy crepes, or if you suspect that it'll be crowded.  Weekend mid-mornings on a not-so-bad weather day will make for a cramped cafe and a long wait, since they are a small establishment.   I wouldn't recommend take out unless you live close enough so that the crepes are still nice and warm when you get home, but for those of us lucky enough, this is an awesome option.A small & quiet cafe with a nice menu and good food, but a bit expensive for such few fillings.
I wanted to try the Preferé & my friend Le Fromager but the barista told us that he had no bacon, how sad..
So I settled for Normandy and Chai Latte while my friend Le Quotidien and Cappucino. 
I don't know what I was expecting, but definitely not the deli-looking turkey meat in my Normandy.. I guess it's because I'm so used to crepes with nice chunks of meat that make them more filling. Regardless, I really liked my crepe ! nom nom nom.This little cafe is great for brunch.  The crepes are delicious and the coffee is amazing.  They have a few tables outside and the inside is nice too, with French music playing in the background (and free Wi-Fi).two words: 
Nutella Crepes
six words:
International flavor, friendly francophones, decent coffeeI'm hesitant to leave this stellar review coz I really don't want this place to get crowded! But I can't resist raving about this place, so here goes...
I found this place on yelp while searching for a good cafe to read/chill, so I dragged two friends with me on a lazy Sunday afternoon. There was plenty of parking (free on Sunday! yay!) nearby, which is a huge plus. Despite the small size of the place, it wasn't crowded at all. The three of us ordered la vanille (sweet crepe), salmon & spinach savory crepe and avocado+mozzarella vegetarian sandwich, plus regular coffee, hazelnut coffee and latte. 
It took a while for the food to come...but as soon as I saw the crepes, all impatience melted away. They were perfect looking! Slightly crispy on the outside, with that beautiful lace-like caramelized pattern, and soft on the inside. Unlike most crepes here in the US, these were NOT filled with insane amounts of filling such that you can't taste the crepe itself. My friend's comment about his salmon & spinach crepe: the salmon was fresh it was emotionally touching. The veggie sandwich also looked very fresh and perfect for summer. 
The only reason I knocked a star off was because of the coffee, which was too bitter for my taste. But it's not the type of over-extraction bitterness you get from Starbucks, this was bitterness from deep roasted coffee, so more of a personal taste issue than misstep. 
Service was very friendly, not overly attentive, nor ignorant. The owner was very friendly and chatty. All-in-all, a great experience. This is now my new hang-out place!I like everything about this place- the atmosphere, the owner, the coffee, crepes, and especially  the avocado and mozzarella sandwich w/ pesto. Yum!Yum!
The perfect study spot. Not pretentious. Quiet. And French food! My croque monsieur was délicieux--I felt like I was back in Paris.The best waffles and crepes in town, great space to sit and read or talk, outdoor space in front and in the back, and free wifi.  Jean Luc, the owner, is extremely nice and we're glad the cafe is doing well!I really have to thank Yelp for helping me find this.  I wake up Saturday morning, half dead and half awake, in desperate need of coffee.  I used my blackberry yelp app and found this place.
The owner is super friendly and helped me pick out a crepe in my half awaken state.  With the help of the chef/owner, I ordered the L'hollendaise which has Gouda (can't go wrong with gouda), turkey and herbs.  My friend got a vanilla crepe.  
The vanilla crepe was pretty good but wow...the hollendaise crepe just blew me out of the water!  I'm not usually a fan of savory crepes but man, this was some good stuff! The cheese was melted just right and blended really well with the warm turkey...I'm getting hungrier as I'm writing this review.
The coffee was delicious and strong!  It was so perfect with my crepe!  What a way to start off a cold 20 something degree morning...
I'm definitely coming back!This place is not nearly as good as everyone is claiming it is.
My issues with it? The boss. The health code violations. The pretension of it in general. 
I have been here a few times and each time have been greeted with sarcasm, condescension and overall rudeness. The employees for the most part have been okay, but the owner is not friendly. Furthermore, while on a trip to the bathroom one day, I saw that the "sinks" they wash their dishes in are not set up according to health code. You are meant to have a sink full of hot water, a sink full of the blue water with tablets to sanitize and then a sink to rinse. All they do is use soap and old sponges, etc. to "clean" their dishes.
Someone should report them.What a lovely place to while away a few weekend morning hours. Like its neighbor to the west, Cafe Lutecia, this place has the whole super-welcoming, homey, Frenchy thing going on - come on in, have a perfectly brewed coffee, browse through some highbrow magazines and stay awhile. I love that the excellent coffee comes with a little cookie to tide you over while you wait for your excellent crepes.
Recently, I tore myself away from the crepes and ordered a Brie, walnut and honey sandwich. The owner explained that it had coconut and almonds, and apologized for the somewhat misleading menu description in an utterly charming fashion - "wal-nut, al-mond, I cannot tell, I am French!" Walnut or almond (it was the latter), that is a hell of a sandwich - warm, buttery Brie, crispy fresh bread and a sweet, toasty coconut/honey mixture - and now I want to walk over there right this second and get another one.since i work next door, you'd think i'd have not only been a patron a grillion times, but that i'd have also yelped it.
but....well....no. i hadn't, and i didn't. i don't drink coffee!!
on monday, however, i had a crazy hankering for crepes, and was reminded that the cafe serves them. and makes them fresh to order!! what the hell, right?
i ordered a savoury little number containing herbs, gouda and turkey.
jesus-jumped-up-christ!! it was so damnably good, and filling, and wonderful, AND hand-delivered. (a perk of working next door mayhap...)
frankly, i am just so glad i finally found a reason to patronise a wonderful local business, run by a really nice guy whose staff is aces. maybe i ought to start drinking coffee or something, because even i cannot partake of the crepe everyday.
thanks jean-luc and chelsea!!My boyfriend and I hunted this place down after hearing the owner call into Radio Times with Marty Moss-Coane on NPR during a show about fast food in France.  As she described their menu, which is comprised of hot sandwiches and crepes that you can buy on the street in France, my mouth was watering.  
We were very pleased with the cafe.  First we were treated to one of the most delicious cups of coffee that I've had in a long time.  For our main courses, my boyfriend and I shared one crepe with crispy bacon in a fondue of leeks, creme fraiche, and swiss cheese, and one with brie, turkey, honey and crushed walnuts.  While I preferred with one with the fondue of leeks, both were wonderful. 
I also loved the atmosphere. We felt totally comfortable lingering at the window seats over long cups of coffee while enjoying the magazine selection (they have French magazines!), and enjoying people watching along South Street.  The owner/chef was friendly and attentive.  Overall, a great experience!First impressions are everything. With every cafe, deli, and Salad Works using their wall space for mediocre local crap-art, we were immediately impressed with L'Aube for its choice of awesome featured works. Edith Piaf resonated throughout the air. A kind, thick French accent ran the show. A light perfume of crépe tickled our noses. Surely, we could not still be in Philadelphia. We suspended disbelief for that hour or so, and dove in head first. She had the "Le Malin", a savory crepe filled with brie, turkey, honey, and almonds. As a frequent dabbler in the turkey/brie cheese combo, she named this one to be the most enjoyable in life...like, ever. He had the "Madagascar" , an INTOXICATING crepe concoction with Grand Marnier, vanilla beans, cinnamon, and maple syrup.  "Magnifique...tré magnifique", he reported. nomnomnomnomnommnomnomWhat is there not to like about this place? The crepes and waffles are great. The waffle is not too sweet like Bontes bu pretty perfect. The service is friendly and knowledgebale and the prices are cheap.The crepes are amazing and they have so may varieties.  The hollandaise is my favorite, followed closely by the nutella, depending on whether I'm in a salty or sweet mood.  The coffee is nice and strong, and there is free wi-fi.  Nothing like caffeine and good food to get you in a studying mood if you have work to do.What a lovely breakfast spot.  Cute space.  Delicious crepes -- I wanted to try more than one but I settled with the lemon/sugar crepe, which was extremely delicious.  And more importantly, the coffee was great.  Delicious French espresso.  The outdoor space was nice too, although we were more or less required to sit outside since it was way too toasty inside.  Next time I'm back in Philly, I'll return for sure!Philly, after having tried supposedly your "best" coffee at La Colombe, I was, might I say, missing Brooklyn gravely, and thinking that perhaps Phlidelphians might have, let's say, less superior taste buds when it came to coffee. ;)
However, Cafe L'aube revived my faith in Philly's coffee scene. Cute, good coffee (that they roast on their own), and good nibbles, this is a great cafe to just chill out and enjoy a lazy morning. 
And those nibbles - those are their crepes. And might I add, they are the best crepes I have ever had in my life. Thick and pillowy, but still very light in texture. I was in love.If you are looking for the Philly creperie scene, it's pretty limited, but Cafe L'Aube brings the city of brotherly love a good balance of sweet and savory. It's a great spot for a lunch date, but they do close early on weekdays, so don't head over mid-day to grab a cup of coffee, set up your laptop and eat a sweet cinnamon and butter crepe. The staff is super friendly and accommodating. I'd recommend it to a close friend if they were looking for something new to experience on South Street.A perfect place for brunch with your girlfriends to chat and gossip over a delicious cup of cappuccino and indulging in their savory or sweet crepes without feeling guilty. Their crepes are light. What a great place and not overpriced.Much better than the old Jouvay Java that this replaced. Jean-Luc is a very friendly owner + on-site working out the inevitable startup biz kinks.
A watery espresso made by a new hire was remade perfectly upon request. Unique offerings: crepes both savory and sweet, as well as Belgian waffles - yummers. Prices are reasonable. Hours are going to be regular early morning to evening, 7 days/week -- something the old Jouvay never managed to achieve. Promises of live music also soon to come. Friendly staff, good unique menu offerings, and solid espresso drinks. Overall - a welcome addition to South Street West.I was stuck in the bowels of Temple for far too long when I finally discovered the lovely Cafe L'Aube.
A small cafe that is easy to miss if no one is sitting outside. This whole East Coast thing of just having a single door still trips me out. (Calfornnia gurl at heart. oh haaay). 
The inside of the cafe is cute and small with free Wi-Fi. But most importantly, the food is DELICIOUS. I had the Nutella, banana, and strawberry crepe and a savory crepe with bacon, spinach, and mushroom. Modestly priced around $5-8 per crepe and a delicious espresso for only $2.
Best part of the shop? The owner Jean-Luc. Extremely personable and asked us how we discovered his store (TY Yelp). And when we asked him about how he got into the crepe business he said "Well I'm a Black man who was born in France. The French exploited my people, so now I exploit their cuisine!" 
Fantastico Jean Luc, keep up the good work exploiting those who have wronged you. My inner fat child, Bertha approves of your delicious, delicious crepes.I really liked the vibe of the place. Laid back but with good food and drinks. I was able to read my book here in peace, despite there being 7-9 other patrons.Jean Luc really cares about his business and his customers.  The Cafe Americana is fabulous.Excellent coffee, soy milk is out in the open and not more $$
Bright and inviting atmosphere.
A+ will go backJean Luc! french crepes, coffee, sandwiches! Def my favorite spot!Owner is nice, food is decent, but nothing about this place stood out to me. It was your average cafe. I definitely didn't leave feeling like I would need to return if I was ever in the area again.I've ate here twice now, both times with a friend. We usually end up ordering a crepe each and sharing them; so all in all I've tried four different kinds and all of them were delicious. Goat cheese & fig jam crepe are to die for. Staff is friendly, the atmosphere is great and you can enjoy an intimate breakfast with your partner. Definitely will be returning.I love coffee--savory, strong coffee--and Cafe L'aube really hits the nail on the head with their coffee.  
The first time I went into Cafe L'Aube, Jean-Luc (the owner), taught me all about coffee...from the way the beans are grown to his own system of roasting the beans. I'm not normally a fan of breakfast, but the savory crepes are amazing and worth trying.  
Owners like Jean-Luc are rare.  It's refreshing to meet someone that is both connected to the process of his business as well as his customers.  Jean-Luc is interested in knowing who his customers are and educating them about coffee. 
I visit the cafe at least three times a week.
What to try at Cafe L'Aube: 
The Croque Monsieur-- Toasted Ham and Cheese (sounds simple, but you won't regret it) The cheese is toasted on top of the bread and the ham in the middle of the toasted bread.   
I visit the cafe at least three times a week 
Jambon, Fromage, Oeuf-- Ham, egg, and cheese crepe. Absolutely delicious.  Savory and filling.I am so happy to have L'Aube in the neighborhood - a great coffeeshop/creperie is a great addition to the eclectic South St mix! The owner Jean-Luc is passionate about the neighborhood and generous to his patrons. On my first visit, he cooked up two savory crepes and two sweet crepes for me and my date, and the total was only $20. The place is clean and attractive; the food and coffee are unbeatable; and the price is right. For the francophiles, there are fairly current French magazines (Paris Match, L'Express, Le Point, others) available to read, too.Woo! Just ate here this morning for the first time. They have that fancy pour to order coffee...don't know the technical term for it. So delicious. I also had a fruit crepe...really really good. I'll definitely be going back!Nowhere satisfies your crepe craving better than Cafe L'Aube.
My friend and I came here a few months ago after we had a mad craving for crepes. The good reviews were also a deciding factor to try this place. It was a great decision! Yay!
I ordered a sweet crepe, Nutella Strawberry. DELICIOUS! My friend ordered... uhh... well, that's not important. I know she enjoyed it too!
Not only is it delicious, but it's also very well-presented. 
I'll definitely be back! :)With absolutely delicious crepes and a decent cappuccino you can't go wrong with L'aube. While it is not an overly large spot, don't expect to bring a large group, for a solo morning or a date it's perfect. I frequently get the legume crepe and a cappuccino and have never been disappointed. In fact, I usually leave with an "all is right with the world" sort of meditative feeling after enjoying the deliciousness held within. Definitely give it a try if you are in the area.Best croque monsieur I've ever had, and an excellent crepe.  Also a delicious frappe although I'm not sure the difference between that and an ice coffee at this particular place.  Also a delicious homemade cookie for dessert.  Friendly staff, will definitely return.
Only 4 stars because service was S-L-O-W and we were the only customers with an order at that point.   Don't go here if you're in a hurry, it's not fast food.My friends from NY came for a visit.  Two of them happened to be French and we decided to come here for lunch.  I lived around the corner and have walked by this place countless time w/o every coming in.  This was a perfect excuse to go try it out.  It was a great surprise to find out that the the chef as well as the server were French.  We ordered the Fromager, Madagascar and two other kind of crepes.  I enjoyed my Fromager a lot.  I love the fact that it was not overly stuffed.  The ingredients came together perfectly.  My two French friends gave their nod of approval and even said that they wanted to get more not because they were hungry but for the fact that the good food was hard to come by.
Just so you know, this place is small with two small counter/bar areas.  Tables are in the front and some in the back.  You order and pay at the counter and then they bring the food and drinks to you.  The service was friendly and very accommodating.  They set out 2 tables for us when the place was packed.  There is also free wifi.  They have started to open later into the evening hours.one word BRENTON !!! we arrived and were welcomed by the owner and the friendly counter girl :) This place is a BYOB and they provided us wine stemware and an opener ( Nice Touch). After scanning the menu i decided on the BRENTON and i was so glad that i did. the sandwhich was  amazing..the combination was like comfort food at its best. Brie grilled with apples, coconut,honey and almonds made this one of the best things i have eaten in my life. It came with a side salad that featured a dijon dressing (that i almost drank from the container it came in). after two glasses of wine and an amazing sandwhich i finished up my meal french style with an espresso. will def be returning to cafe l'abue.A delicious little Parisian café with all the traditional trimmings. Eye opening espressos, belly satisfying crepes, and a darling Frenchman to serve you. 
Great spot to do some reading or tap away on your laptop. Reminds me of La Colombe with quality beans and that charming feel. With a location around 16th and South, you can be sure that this place isn't fraught with people and thus, a perfect spot to spend some alone time.One of the few coffee shops  in the city that roasts its own beans. Great espresso drinks + as before - great staff - super welcoming + friendly. None of the 'tude of the other good places to get coffee around the city. Plus crepes too!I love coming here for crepes of all sorts.  I come here in the summer to meet with my friends all the time in the summer.Cute neighborhood bistro that we never would have found if it weren't for Yelp. 
There was only one person working so service was a little slow, but we didn't mind. The person working knew nearly everyone who came in, which told me that this was a friendly neighborhood place. 
If I visit Philly again, I'd go backMy fiance and I were visiting Philly for a week and visited Cafe L'Aube because a) it has great Yelp reviews and b) it was uberclose to the apartment we rented. I had the crepe hollandaise, my fiance had a sandwich, we both had coffee, and we stayed for 4 hours. 
My crepe was amazing, my fiance admitted I made the better choice (that's why I'm marrying him-- he admits it when I'm right), and the coffee was strong. We sat there and read and worked, and the owner Jean-Luc was incredibly friendly (but not in an annoying pushy way). We chatted about the economy, politics, American anti-intellectualism, and generally had a great time.
A few days later, we returned for breakfast. I had an apple crepe, and the barista (not Jean-Luc) used chocolate sauce to write "Happy New Year!" on the plate-- adorable! I would recommend the hollandaise moreso than the apple crepe.
Great service, fun atmosphere, yummy food, decent prices!!I have to say, I don't have any glaring issues with Cafe L'Aube. I had coffee, which I thought was delicious, and a breakfast crepe with bacon, eggs and cheese. The crepe was good, but way too expensive. I will return, because of the comfortable atmosphere and good food/coffee, but would prefer they had slightly lower prices (or free coffee refills for those ordering to stay, which I think should be standard when it's all that expensive).I went to Cafe L'Aube for the first time this week and damn were the crepes good.  I had the jambon fromage champignons (ham cheese mushroom) crepe, my girlfriend had a vegetarian crepes with leeks avocado and cheese, and we both left very happy.
I can't wait to go back for a breakfast banana nutella crepe mmmm.I came to this coffee shop recently to get my fill of caffeine with a fellow Yelper. He asked to meet near Rittenhouse Square, a request I took all to literally by picking a spot near the area instead of in it.
When I entered the nearly empty shop, I grabbed a quick soft drink and informed the barista that I was waiting for someone. She did not need to know this but I felt compelled to tell her. There was something about the cafe's atmosphere that made me feel comfortable talking to strangers.
I sat down facing the front door and looked around. The only other patron was a woman who appeared 20 years my senior. She was a professional test question writer and an aspiring author. Her sole novel was about the people of West Philadelphia. It remained unpublished.
"The things I write about don't appeal to publishers," she said.
She loves Korean dramas and writing about the everyday aspects of life. Those seemingly mundane details that we tend to overlook are beautiful to her. I admire that.
She sat there with her binder, writing test questions. Her only lament was that her job did not allow her to write on her own nowadays.
"Someday, I hope to return here for one of your book signings," I said. 
She smiled politely, knowing full well that it was unlikely the fates would conspire in such a fashion. After all, I never even asked her name.
Manon, the barista, began talking with us about her work visa problems. She came from France and studied at Temple, focusing on human relations. We tried to think of good job opportunities for her.
After a couple of minutes, we said our goodbyes. The writer left and my drinking companion arrived. It was only a brief conversation that we had but one that I imagine happening regularly at Cafe L'Aube.Cafe L'Aube is bringing crepes back.
Whether you're in the mood for simple or complex, you will most certainly find an appetizing crepe. 
Simple is Best? A simple BROWN SUGAR crepe accented the delicious crepe dough - slightly sweet - and cooking technique - slightly buttered - perfectly. Order this if you want a taste of the paragon crepe-iness. 
Craving Complexity? The Preferé offered a genius insight into the oft overlooked leek and bacon pairing. Crisp bacon and garlicky fresh leeks were folded into all 3 (or 4) layers of buckwheat crepe-y goodness. And this crepe-y goodness was then smothered in Swiss cheese...If France were a crepe, it would be The Preferé: a complementary world of flavors and textures letting none overpower the other. Aww. Peace.
The double shot cappuccino was just okay- a little too bottom-of-the-bag espresso-y for my liking. Save your money. Buy another crepe.I would have walked right past this place had I not seen someone seated outside on a beautiful day, enjoying a coffee.  
I'm a fan of coffee, and I like small places, so I checked in.  Having already had a coffee a few minutes prior, I opted for the single cappuccino as opposed to my usual double.  
The coffee is smooth and impressively made.  The microfoam could be a bit finer, but this is an esoteric notice.  The proprietor is friendly and humorous, an welcome change from several of the owners, employees of various trendy spots that I have experienced throughout Philadelphia.  I really enjoy this place, and I think I may have to come back when I am less caffeinated to enjoy my usual double cappuccino.  
If you're in the area, don't walk by.  Stop in, order a drink and savor a moment in the city.I can't say enough about how great this little gem is.  The crepes are creative and delicious, the service is great, and the coffee is fabulous.  The owner roasts his own beans in small batches and takes great care in creating the perfect bean blends.  
The crepes are slightly crisp and buttery on the edges and soft in the middle.  They are stuffed with savory and/or sweet combinations such as brie, honey, turkey and walnuts or banana and nutella.  The decor is calming yet vibrant and the French music wafting from the speakers really adds to the ambiance.Went today for the first time.  I was looking for something light and quick for a late lunch.  The spinach and goat cheese crepe that I ordered exactly hit the bill.  It was tasty and perfectly cooked.  Service was fast and friendly.  The menu was extensive and something that I'd love to try another time.  Looking around the room some of the sweet crepes looked and sounded amazing.This place is great.  Excellent coffee, tea, and food.  Always good music playing and friendly people.  Eat their crepes- they're amazing.My favorite little haven for when I want a  bite to eat in a quiet location. This place is the reason I want to move in the South Philadelphia area. It's just one of those great little restaurants that give exceptional service and quality food at affordable pricing.
I'd recommend this to anyone interested in trying something different while chatting casually with a friend or a special treat for your significant other. Hint hint!Nestled in a grungy spot on South St. next to Tritone and Bob & Barbara's is an unpretentious Parisian-influenced cafe with a surprisingly good menu and a quality cup of coffee. I say "Parisian-influenced" because the atmosphere isn't evocative of a Parisian cafe, but the flavors certainly are. It's easy to miss, but follow the sound of French music and you'll find Cafe L'Aube.
One of my favorites on the menu is the Breton, a toasty, buttery baguette with brie, apple, honey, almonds, and coconut. As fantastic as it sounds. The coffee doesn't disappoint either, it tastes like a medium roast, but strong and full-bodied. Jean-Luc and crew are friendly and happy to make suggestions from the menu, which is surprisingly large for a small cafe. 
When I want to avoid the crowd and decibels of some of the hipper cafes, or I want to get some reading or work done, Cafe L'Aube is one of my top choices. You won't feel like you're in Paris at Cafe L'Aube, but it'll taste like you are.I've tried a few crepe places in the city. While many make an excellent meal none made crepes the way I first fell in love with them when I was scarfing them down in French Djibouti.  Cafe L'Aube comes closest to what I believe a crepe should be - good ingredients with a gentle balance between the crepe itself and the filling.
Plus sides - solid barista for your coffee drinks and amazing savory crepes.  
I had the Preferé (bacon, leeks, creme fraiche and swiss) and also tried the simple crepe (mozzarella, cherry tomatoes and fresh basil) with spinach instead of basil - both amazing.  For dessert we shared a strawberry crepe which I considered flavorful - but a little dry for a sweet crepe.  
Great staff - very friendly and fast on the service.  Overall - a very quiet and laid back atmosphere.  I dare say "cozy."
Oh yea - and cheap.  ;)
Only minus side - drink selection was very limited if you're not up for coffee.  I was craving juice and the closest thing they had was flavored iced teas.
Highly recommend you try it out!  If you do, let me know how the waffles are... I have high hopes.I used to live two block from here, and the friendly service, one of a kind coffee, and delicious crêpe, always have us leaving Café L'Aube with the biggest of smiles. The other day we got a 1lb of their coffee to go, and it was only then that we noticed on the label that the owner is involved in making the coffee, thats special. I've tried 3 or 4 other crêperies in the city, and this place is hands down the best.I'll put it to you this way: There are about four coffee shops within two blocks of me but I'll be passing them by on my way to Cafe L'Aube. I'll take that twelve minute walk. I mean, I wouldn't if there was some storm or something. I'm not risking life and limb over here. I'm just making a pompous gesture about my L'Aube dedication. I like Cafe L'Aube a lot.
I think that their coffee is very good. I'm a fan of their crepes as well. I spent a significant amount of time in this place early this past Winter as I was in need of a little wi-fi. I was having a bit of the temporary Internets troubles at home and I had a fantasy football team to manage, dammnit.
On quiet Thursday afternoons at Cafe L'Aube I hoped that other customers might think I was a writer, writing hard...feverishly composing a novel or something....ya know...instead of sweating over fantasy football line up decisions. No seriously, I did actual real work-work there too. I did, OK? 
I enjoyed many a cappuccino or cafe au lait...and perchance a crepe...like "The Prefere," with bacon, fondue of leeks, swiss cheese and creme fraiche...Delicious. There are many to choose from. 
My wi-fi difficulties have since been resolved but  I continue to return to this peaceful, friendly spot. I don't lug my laptop with me but I find it a kind of serene place to do a little writing, even if said writing is simply a very intense grocery list.I've never really been crazy for crepes before, mainly because I so rarely have them and the ones I ate before were lackluster. Still, I was curious when i heard such good things about L'Aube, and last Saturday I decided that crepes were exactly what I needed at noontime.
Was I right. I thoroughly enjoyed my strawberry and Nutella crepes, which was to be expected. My gf's omelette-eseque crepe was the game changer though. Egg, crispy bacon and goat cheese... this is what I'll get next time I'm there. Decently priced, not too filling, and just enough to handle in one sitting.
The coffee was also noteworthy, coming out nice and hot and maintaining its taste to the last sip. The kicker was the owner, Jean-Luc, talking to us at length about anything that came to mind, from the layout of the city, to the American education system, to why the French don't like ketchup. You can't get that glorious type of pure Frenchness anywhere else.The coffee is the only coffee my boyfriend gets now, outside of heading to La Colombe. But truly, their own torrefaction, man, mmmm. They're awesome. Coffee -- awesome. 
That said, even better (to me) the pastries. I should not not not eat chocolate croissant, but if I choose to, it'll be from here. Best in the city. And my housemate fell head over heels for the pains aux raisin, which is back, baby! Woot. 
And on par with what could've been peerless are the main attraction, the crepes. I don't care how you pronounce it, they are gooooood. Nothing's nicer than a slow weekend morning with a housemate or two, coffee, tea and Parisian brunch. It's no Sabrina's for size, but then again, it's just as good, and there's no wait. 
Grab a seat outside. Read the paper, remember leisure, enjoy.Perhaps, the best crepe place in the city and, on top of that, Cafe L'Aube has great coffee. I love the place is just a simple/no frills French-influenced/French-speaking/French-run cafe. Quality service, environment, food, and drinks. However, this place may not be suitable for xenophobes or those with anti-French sentiments. Since I'm a lover of all things French, this place suits me just fine.When you step inside this little cafe shop please:
Don't be disappointed by their simple look.
Don't be disappointed by not seeing a huge big menu on the walls or anywhere else in the shop 
Do check out their printed menu filled with lots of delicious crepes, french sandwich, and waffles. 
Their drinks choices is small but their high quality teas and coffee will definitely satisfy your need and exceed your expectation.Cozy, friendly, neighborhood cafe.  
Crepes were okay but not the best we've had, and they weren't very liberal with the crepe fillers.
Another downside was getting charged full price for a coffee refill.Here's definitely a case where giving half stars would be brilliant, cuz it's very much a 3.5 star-worthy place. L'Aube is nice to have in the neighbourhood, it's great that they roast their own beans, and it's generally a very nice café experience.
Unfortunately, those beans always leave a bit to be desired. While better than a Dunkin or a Starbucks, it always feels like there is something missing, like it should be better and more interesting. This is particularly true of their iced coffee, which is just kind of meh. Pumpkin, up the street a bit, is significantly better.
Their pastries and baked goods are typically quite delicious, however, despite the bagels occasionally resembling paving stones.
The crêpes, most importantly, are very, very good. Worth the trip in and of themselves. Plus the staff is always quite nice.There should be more places like Cafe L'Aube.  Quiet, free wi-fi, good drinks and a fairly extensive menu of crepes.  Like all good crepes, they're not cheap, but L'Aube's prices are a bit more reasonable than Beau Monde, and it's more of a place you can "hang out," as opposed to "going out to eat."  It's in somewhat of a random location, but still close enough to other areas that are more densley populated with restaurants to justify walking a bit to go there.
The friendly young Frenchman that was working there (the only person there) made me a pretty decent latte (I was offered the option of one, two, or "up to ten" shots) and nutella crepe with strawberries.  The crepe was well-prepared and the plate was brought out to me, complete with "L'Aube' written in chocolate sauce around the top.  The only other customer in the place was a shaggy woman with an even shaggier dog that sat chewing at her jacket.  So if you like to bring your dogs places with you, apparently they don't mind here.
I look forward to trying some of their savory offerings.  Hopefully they're busier at other times then they were when I went.  Otherwise I'd be concerned about them staying in business!Solid.
My francophone wife & kids thought that it would be a great place to try for breakfast (crepe?  Belgian waffles?  Oui, oui!), and we arrived at about 8AM.  
Nicely arranged place, clean, well-lit, and friendly staff.  Jean-Luc was nice and obviously cares about the place a lot.
Good crepe.  Waffle was tasty with a nice batter, but was somehow soft and slightly soggy coming right off the iron -- how's that possible?  Coffee was...weak.  Very watery, which isn't what I'd expect from a Frenchman.
All around, a solid place, and I'm absolutely going to give them another visit to see how consistent they are.  Will revise as warranted.Whoa. I went there on a warm Wednesday morning before a marathon day of baking for some coffee. I only found this place because of Yelp and I'm so glad to have found it. Yet, like others have said, I almost hate to write such a glowing review because I might not get a seat next time I go.
It's on an odd block between ritzy Rittenhouse and patchy Graduate Hospital, a strip where cheap nail places and cheaper greasy spoons rub uneasily against farm to table foodie meccas and gastropubs. It doesn't look like much from outside, but inside it's a slice of what's best about Euro cafes. I had a cafe au lait and the Classique crepe. Amazing. It was like being back in Paris without the B.O. The crepe is perfect and the fillings top notch with none of the overstuffed crassness that's become so commonplace. The cheese and ham and mushrooms were just enough for all to shine and yet take nothing away from the perfect buckwheat crepe that can only be managed with more practice than I will ever get. 
You'll spend at least $10 for a drink and a crepe, but it's worth it. Anyway, isn't Starbucks getting up there anyway? And it will never manage food like this. 
The walls are painted in cheery, bright hues that light up the narrow cafe. There's WiFi but I didn't use it. I couldn't bring myself to do it. I read an old fashioned paper and ink magazine and enjoyed the moment. It's a hike across town for me, but I'll be back. It's a perfectly charming place. It makes me regret not getting that place in GradHo I was considering when I moved last. Is it too late to change my mind?My new favourite crepes and coffee place in the city. Very inviting place, excellent crepes (Jean-Luc does not hold back on stuffings) and really good house roasted coffee.
It's a small place, so be prepared for a slow casual meal especially when they are busy.I've been going to Cafe L'Aube for a while now - ever since they pretty much opened in fact.  I used to live in GHO and I loved it.  I don't live in GHO anymore - and I travel to there JUST to eat these crepes.  The owner is super nice - and he sure does know his crepes.  The crepes are predicatably - ALWAYS good.  ALWAYS.  Sweet, savory, you name it - they are delicious.  I've tried a variety of them, but I've never had a bad one yet. Cheese, no cheese, mushrooms, spinach, tomatoes, avocado, DELICIOUS.  All of it is great. 
The sweet crepes - the nutella, the strawberries, etc. are great.  I'm a huge fan.  
I'm not a huge fan of the waffles - but the pastries, bagels, and the croissants are delicious.  Big fan.  Definitely go here to eat crepes, drink coffee, enjoy good convo with some friends, and enjoy a great, light, airy space.  The service is great, the prices are fair, and the fare is great.this is the cutest place i have ever been. the owner is the sweetest man ever; so talkative, attentive & personable. we talked about new york, & he was familiar with where my friend & i went to school! before us, he talked to this couple about belgium. his iced teas have simple syrup in them already--just a warning if you don't like simple syrup. i told him i wanted a strawberry & cinnamon crepe & he told me i should get this strawberries and cream one instead & it was AMAZINGGGG my friend got a nutella crepe & loved it too, but i think nutella is gross, so i cannot corroborate her story. moral of the story is: we walked for miles in the scorching sun on the hottest day of june to get to this place, & it was WELL WORTH IT. if you're in philly, you need to go to this place. & eat some delicious crepes & make a new friend while you're at it! also: FREE WIFI!I just tried L'Aube today on a lunch-hour whim (after stopping in at Sweet Freedom Bakery down the street) and was delighted by what I found. 
L'Aube is brightly colorful, with a relaxed and friendly vibe. They have a nice broad menu of sandwiches and sweet or savory crepes. I went with the Croque Monsieur Vegetarian, and was entirely satisfied: melted mozzarella, fresh avocado and a generous amount of basil on golden toast. I don't usually go for white sandwich bread, but this one was slightly herbed or something, and seemed just the right thing. Crispy, warm, and well-balanced. Came with a small mixed green salad , a tiny pitcher of balsamic on the side. Very fresh. Again, just right. I was there for the eats, and am not a coffee connoisseur, so cannot speak to the beverage selection.  
Was about $8 for sandwich + salad. Pretty standard for the neighborhood. I'll be recommending it to others, and am sure I'll go back again.After a long days work of being smarmy and painting concentric circles, I don my favorite beret and ride my bicycle-with-a-small-front-wheel down to Cafe L'Aube.   
The waffles really are superior to Bonte's - light, airy, and delicately flavored.  Crepe-wise, this place is tops - particularly the jambon and chevre (ham with creamy chevre goat cheese).   The coffee is strong, dark, and tasty.  
The only let-down are the croissants, which are surprisingly kind of lame and stale.  I wish they would instead sell the sublime, touched-by-the-hand-of-God croissants from Four Worlds Bakery. 
Jean-Luc, the owner - ever kind - is one of my favorite people in Philadelphia.  I love confusing him with my vile mispronunciation of French nouns.Best coffee place in the city. Vibe is cool and the coffee is amazing. Also, the staff here are really nice. I'd like to say more, but I'm usually running in and out. It's great that I can usually find a parking spot right out front too!I've been spending a whole lot of time in coffee shops lately and I've been especially charmed by L'Aube. My skim latte last Monday morning was absolutely dreamy. I can only imagine how amazing the crepes are - the smell was intoxicating! 
Next time I'm in the mood for a little French rendezvous, I know exactly the place to go. Wonder if I can convince anyone to sing The Beatles' "Michelle" to me?It might just be me, but the fact that there's now a coffeehouse right next door to Tritone makes me insanely happy. Hell judging from the number of reviews I guess it makes me 600 review happy (woot woot!). after all within a two stores apart you can take in a divetastic happy hour with some of the best gumbo ever, and then get a serious wake up call before heading home (or across the street to Bob and Barbara's). I know I'm sold!
But L'Aube is a pretty awesome coffeehouse in it's own right. I'm only giving it 4 now because I haven't tried the food. But since it's supposed to hook up some serious crepes and waffles I'll probably be turning that beat around. It has all my standard coffeehouse requirements in check too - free wi-fi, roomy tables, strong coffee that stands out with plenty of other options, and good artwork. It even hooks up some decent outdoor seating on the better side of South Street. The thing that impressed me the most though was the vast amount of sweeteners it offered. They even had brown sugar cubes and agave!Decided to stop in and give the food a try on a whim and it definitely delivered. After taking the first bite of my crepe that had turkey, melted gouda, and fresh herbs I consider L'aube to be the 2nd best place for crepes in all of Philly (nothing trumps Beau Monde.). they had a diverse selection of the sweet and savory varieties, and all of the crepes were for a pretty reasonable price considering the quality.
On one of my other visits since the first I also had the chance to talk to Jean-Luc. And he proved to be an upstanding and friendly guy all around. Definitely recommended!