Beautiful clean shop with knock your socks off Everything ...
Homemade breakfast tarts and chicken pot pies .
All sweets looked well beyond beautiful and delish.
I felt some of the items were a tad pricey considering the sizes being on a smaller size. But I know premium quality costs more .. 
It's a great place for locals and worth a trip if traveling from center city etc .
I found counter staff to be most friendly and engaging 
Will be back and certainly will recommendThe Lemon Cake is as good as it is heavy.    It was my second visit to Cake Life and I only chose not to get cupcakes because it would have been pure gluttony.   They ROCK!   Many more visits to come.First time here and I have to say it's pretty good! The bake shop fits well with the fishtown environment and it's very clean and welcoming inside. The display of beautiful cakes let's you know you have top quality bakers there. 
I got a few items to share such as a Burbon Pecan cookie, chocolate chip cookie, vanilla cupcake with buttercream icing, and a vanilla cupcake with raspberry icing. 
I had a taste of the Burbon Pecan Cookie. It was not too sweet and you get nice bites of pecan; a nice hot coffee is a perfect compliment.The cupcakes were good (cake wise) but, not a huge fan of the icings. The cake itself was sweet and moist. 
Didn't get to try the Chocolate chip cookie but the concensus was that it's delicious. 
I would definitely come back and I have taken a big interest in having Cake Life make a custom order!Beautiful shop; hands down one of the best ones I've ever seen. It's very modern and chic in a way. Love the creativity of the door handle being a rolling pin, the light fixtures as wire whip mixers, and incorporating the love sign into a beautiful center piece for the top back wall. Everything was very artsy and creative. I noticed the bright displays of cupcakes and assorted treats and most of all, the gorgeously decorated occasion cakes (HINT HINT: weddings are their specialty). They blew me away! It's like something you'd only see on TV! 
We couldn't resist ordering their uniquely flavored cupcakes. Chocolate cake with raspberry icing and lavender something with pistachio icing. Plus, if you find a purple center in your cupcake, you can get another one for free. (Definitely NOT a marketing scheme, but I admire the game even though we're being played.)
To get to the point: the first thing I tried was the icing.. it was literally so hard I had to dig my teeth into it to get a bite. I feel like I would've like it if it was softer and more like icing? The chocolate cake was like any other. My fiancée's cupcake was strange!! The icing literally tasted like stale, natural butter (or maybe more closely similar to lard!? If you ever tasted lard, you'll know that distinct flavor it has.) The icing was also hard as a rock. However, the lavender mixed (don't know what with) cake wasn't half bad, though nothing stood out to me as special.
Iffy on whether or not we'll be back. I want to like this place, but that just might be the pastry enthusiast in me talking.Their cupcakes are really, really, INSANELY delicious. Both my husband and I agreed they were the best cupcakes we had ever tasted. They use very high quality ingredients like European butter for their butter cream icing and fresh fruits for their compotes. You cannot get any better than that people. I will never eat another supermarket cupcake ever again. You can get classic cupcakes or unique exotic ones. We tasted a pistachio cupcake with honey goat cheese icing that was yummy to the extreme!!!!!  Also, Lily and Nima are wonderful, adorable, professional, and very helpful. We ordered our wedding cake from them and everyone agreed that the cake was unbelievably delicious. I can't wait for the next birthday party because we will definetly use ACW again!!The vegan pecan turtle bar was by far the BEST vegan baked good I have ever consumed. My non-vegan girlfriend was also impressed. She also loved the poptart that they recommended for her. If they added more vegan options to their daily menu, I would not complain!!Cake Life is one of my favorite bakeries-and I've only been there once! I ordered the chocolate chip walnut cookie, while my sister ordered the Campfire Cocoa cake. We received the Fiesta cake by accident, and the server was kind enough to allow us to keep both slices of cake. The cookie was crispy on the outside but chewy on the inside. Could've used a little bit more sea salt but the chocolate chips were so fudgey and rich so I didn't have much to complain about. The campfire cake was delicious. The cake is moist and fluffy, while the whipped cream is chocolatey. Reminded me of the days I'd come back home from school on a winter day and I'd rip one of those Swiss Miss packets open into warm milk. The buttercream is made with Swiss Miss by the way! The Fiesta cake is a bit more dense, with a cream cheese frosting. Definitely an enjoyable experience. The shop itself is very cute and beautiful. I'll be returning... very soon!Place is very nice,cozy,cute. Staff is friendly. Cupcakes are so delicious. Everything looks beautiful and tasty. No long lines and variety. Street parking.My friend bought one of the honey lavender cakes for her birthday. I had to ask her where she got it since the sliver I had that night was delicious. Today, I went into Cake Life to get a slice for home. It's a clean, white shop just how I imagine my future kitchen to be and there were amazing cakes and bars and cookies in the case, even Nanaimo bars! I wish I could have gotten more but I had to stick to the cake slice I'd already ordered. About half the tables were occupied with people talking and eating, it's a neighborhood spot. I'm so sad yet so glad it's not closer to my house.This place makes great cakes. Most of them seem to be layer cakes in various flavor combinations (though they do have other pastries). All the cakes I've tried have been very good. I'm less a fan of the ones that rely on buttercream frosting - they look very pretty, but it's just not my favorite style of frosting. Too dense, I guess. However, for my birthday, I had their Boston Cream (Creme?) cake, which was absolutely delicious. My boyfriend also got me a custom cake that's more European in style. They did an amazing job, and it says a lot that they were willing to try something new (I don't believe they'd made it before). The shop itself is very cute - definitely "new Fishtown" but still manages to be charming. The staff has always been friendly and willing to describe their goodies. A tad on the expensive side - there are certainly cheaper dessert options, but this is a good way to spend money every once in a while.We just ordered a cake for my son's birthday and we couldn't have been happier. Design-wise, it came out exactly as we asked. Taste-wise, it saddens me I didn't order a larger cake. Can't wait for them to open shop on Frankford Ave!Aloof and unappreciative of this customer- we bought a custom cake (a bit over $300) and they wouldn't let us taste any flavors (they were all "unavailable" ) We got vanilla and chocolate because who is going to take a chance on lavender goat cheese when it isn't available to try?  They didn't give us any of those flavors to try either, but a chocolate cupcake was available for purchase (why thank you!) the vanilla we took a chance on (it's vanilla). They also kept telling me that most everything would be "over our budget". Idk a budget of $300 for a cake for about 25 people doesn't seem cheap ‍-  (granted we aren't Beyoncé's crew!) Also, our event was early December and the manager didn't return my correspondence promptly, and when she did get back to me, her excuse was that they were so busy with thanksgiving pies (I feel valued!) We decided to go here because of reviews, their cupcake wars win, and to support a new(ish) Philly bakery, and, by the time we figured out that it wasn't panning out to be a good experience it was too late to change bakeries. But, if I could do it all over again, I would find a place that appreciated us, our money, time and occasion; hope this helps you do the same- unless you're Beyoncé then you're all good ;)Had them make a custom sushi birthday cake for a birthday and they did a fantastic job. Not only was the cake beautiful and looked exactly like a roll of sushi, but it tasted great also. Was moist and not dry at all, which can be unusual for a fondant cake. If you are looking for a unique well made custom cake, definitely hit this place up. Thanks, Ally!Friendly bakers and very cute treats! I would be in big trouble if I lived here  their treats are priced well and if you have questions, they're more than happy to explain the ingredients. 
We ordered: citrus bar (GF) and everything croissant. 
Everything croissant was just perfect! A little bit of crunch on exterior but soft on the inside with delicious cream cheese 
Citrus bar was light and refreshing for a dessert bar.After devouring a big plate of meat at Kensington quarters my party and I wandered in here to check out the goods. I loved the happy atmosphere.  I was wowed by  some of the beautifully decorated cakes on display. We got a few cupcakes and some cookies. Everything was very tasty.I have waited 2 years for this place to open and so glad they are open!  Their baked goods are high quality and their cupcakes are some of the best in the city without the sickening sweet icing.   They also have a wide variety of items.   And, talk about convenience, I live across the street!Hmm.. Definitely one of those places that doesn't live up to the decor. I was expecting so much more and was dying to try this place. We had a vanilla/vanilla cupcake and a vanilla/raspberry cupcake. They both just seemed "meh". I have to say the icing is fit for a wedding cake with fondant and shouldn't be on a cupcake because it is just too overpowering and too rich. The cake itself also seemed old tasting. I'm not going to go get another one. However, I would return again and again to Ramona Susan's. Their cupcakes have always been on point and I find myself craving another one or would go get their butter cake before returning to Cake life. We also tried the salted caramel brownie and it was totally stale. So disappointing!I was beside myself taking in all the gorgeous treats in here!  It is a stunning shop,  with high ceilings and light and space to showcase the delectable baked goods.  Loved trying samples of the gluten-free peanut butter brownies which were moist and gooey and amazing.
Picked up a vegan chocolatey-carmel dessert that was utterly amazing. 
And,  they have incredible dog biscuits which my fussy furry daughter gobbled up,  looking for more!
The woman at the counter helping us was beyond accommodating and pleasant and knowledgeable.   A friend wanted to meet Becca (primary pastry chef/owner?) and she came out and hung for a bit and posed for pics ... a lovely soul.
This place is awesome!!!This review is overdue but not forgotten~I had ordered 60 cupcakes for a baby shower last month. I was a little apprehensive because I live in SC and I was looking for specific colors, flavors and of course taste. I dealt with Katie who was extremely helpful and came through above my expectations. I would definitely go back for any party cakes or even a stop in for any bakery need! I'm certain the other employees are as helpful and I'd recommend and guarantee you would not be disappointedGreat food - Quiche was tasty- Pot Pie delicious   Cookies wonderful - You won't be disappointed.A last minute impromptu stop here turned out to be a life-changing experience.  The cases are filled with tempting treats, including cupcakes, cakes, pastries, cookies, and more.  We ordered a sugar cookie, a scone, a cupcake, a blondie, and a meringue cookie.  The sugar cookie was in the shape of a unicorn and tasted delightfully buttery and not too sweet.  The scone was packed with dried fruit and had just the right amount of crispness and richness.  The cupcake was a rendition of hot chocolate (their flavors range from ordinary to quirky to truly original).  The frosting actually tasted like a steaming mug of hot chocolate, while being light and fluffy at the same time.  The cake was one of the best cupcakes I've ever tasted.  Super light and yet very chocolatey.  I don't find cupcakes I like very often, as I find most of them to be sickeningly sweet, chemical-laden, or just lacking in flavor and texture.  This one was truly a standout and I enjoyed every bite.  I gave the lime cheesecake blondie to a friend and will inquire about its merits, but based on everything else we sampled, my guess is that it is on par.  The final selection, a purple and blue swirled meringue cookie (appropriately called "unicorn poop") was exactly right.  Even though I'm hardly ever in that neighborhood, I was so pleased with the quality of the food and the adorable storefront that I will make an effort to return, hopefully time and time again.  Highly recommend!Where are the cakes? Every time I stop by there are only  two cakes available. One of the choices is always honey lavender, which I don't care for, so that leaves me with one cake. The slices used to be a nice size, but today the slice was on the thinner side, so much so that as I was leaving the store I wondered if something was in it. When I did open the box, the slice was pretty thin as I expected and quite messy. No wonder it took so long to cut. Cutting it even slightly bigger might have stopped it from crumbling so. It would have been nice if I was told about the crumbled condition before I got home and opened the box. I REALLY like their cakes but am getting tired of dropping in and not finding any cake choices.I'm obsessed with this place! My friends and I found it by chance when we were dejectedly leaving Weckerly's (after finding out it isn't open on Sunday mornings). Mornings are apparently the best time to go to Cake Life, because they sell out of things quickly. When we arrived around 10 AM, the shelves were overflowing with an amazing array of baked goods (cakes and otherwise, including some savory items). After MUCH deliberation, I went with a chocolate pistachio cupcake with mascarpone frosting (delicious) and a caramel pecan bar (even better). As if that's not enough, they also have pleasant surroundings and good tea and coffee.My friend and I had a fun gluttonous experience here. It's a great bake shop with sweet and savory options and the best coffee in the city from Rival Brothers.I find Cake Life's cakes to be excellent. They have a very subtle flavor. The texture is perfect, not to airy or dense.  Moist. The icing,  creamy.  Perfect with coffee. This is a bakery for a more refined palate.Called to find out what hand pies were on offer. The person answering the phone decided that I wanted to much information. She seemed bothered by my question, didn't answer it and just told me the shop hours.
Terrible customer service.  Maybe someone should tell them that the Try Caviar menu instructs customers to call for menu item details.
Maybe I'll consider order again one day.This place is great! First when you walk in the place is very modern, clean and immaculate. They had a nice variety of baked goods. We went with 2 cupcakes, one pumpkin, one coconut. They were slamming! The pumpkin was a bit much with the maple icing but it was good. We also went with an Apple hand pie, also very good! The place is a bit expensive at $3.00 for a cupcake and $5.00 for a small hand pie but it's expected in that area. We will stop back in, it's worth it.We stumbled upon this place while walking along Frankford Avenue. SO CUTE. The aesthetic inside is charming and all of their sweets are super yummy. I got a citrus square and the 3.50 price tag looked to be a bit much, but I couldn't even finish the square alone. So flavorful and hefty. Both of the girls working the counter were very helpful and fun to converse with. Will definitely be back next time I come down to Fishtown!came in here with my girlfriend for a quick caffeine boost and im glad we did! the treats are beautifully made, and tasted delicious. we shared the lemon cheesecake, it was fragrant and not to sweet, i loved it. its a cute spot for people that want to relaxOrdered a birthday cake from Cake Life and had such a hard time deciding which one of their delicious cakes to order! Ultimately went with their Fiesta Cake and had no regrets. It was so delicious. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. I had to keep checking back to see if they had the cake available for the day. FYI, they are closed on Mondays. If you want to order in advance you need to do so 2 full days in advance.The building interior is fishtonian. It took over 5 months until the desolate building became a faux hipster lair building. I think when the construction crew began work, the bakers also began work on their brownies. That is the only explanation for the stale, athletes foot consistency of the brownie I bought. The cupcake (about a month fresher than the brownie) packed an eight year old running a soft serve machine amount of icing on top. The icing was so flavorful that if Emril Lagasse recreated the recipe he'd include a "kaboom" amount of vanilla flavoring. As for the cupcake under the brick of cream cheese icing, I've eaten eucharist wafers that were tastier. All in all, the building creates an atmosphere that makes you wonder why a baked goods store needs that much space and the outrageous price let you know how it's paid for. 
TL;DR both treats were stale, save your money and go to a bake saleVery creative and beautifully decorated bake goods. This bakery is quaint and clean. One of my favorites was the lemon with blueberry goat cheese frosting. It was SO delicious. The owner is friendly and she has fun promotional give aways like, find turquoise in the middle of your cupcake, and get a complementary cupcake. I can't wait to go back.Walking in not quite sure what to get, the decision made harder by the amazing selection. How do I make a tough decision? Easy, just order every tart as well as some cookies and apple turnovers. So far every selection has been absolutely fantastic. It'll be tough to sample and judge the remaining haul, somehow I'll muddle through.We walked in for the croissants which taste exactly like the ones we had in Paris! Not a dried out gigantic flavorless monster, but light, buttery and flakey--so good! Prices are a little high, but really there's no comparison in the area. 
Plus, they made me the most beautiful miniature raspberry lemon cake for my birthday. Hands down one of the most delicious cakes I've ever had!Raspberry early grey cake you make me sooooo happy! The icing, the actual cake and the thin layer of the early grey icing mMmMmmm
One of the best cakes I've ever had! Beautiful cakes on display as well. I want to try the cupcakes and other treats they have. Beyonce got her birthday cake here... just saying.
One recommendation I would have is that I wish they would have a whipped icing, I've always loved fresh whipped icing on fresh fruit cake. So light and refreshing!Genuine interaction with an employee:
Employee: would you like anything?
Me: I'm not sure what each of these are...
[Note the cupcakes are not labeled]
Employee: it's self-explanatory.  You can use context clues to figure it out.
Me: ...
At that point I used context clues to leave.We are obsessed. We get a mini cake ( perfect for 4-6 people) every time we go to my in-laws. They LOVE everything we bring and my father-in-law is a dessert guy. He loved the cookies and peanut butter chocolate brownie the most. The Swiss miss chocolate cupcake icing and Cream cheese icing also got rave reviews. Whenever we bring these cupcakes, everyone goes nuts for them. They are worth every penny and the wedding cakes in there are gorgeous. Doggy treats too! Everything in there is beautiful from candles to party hats, it just makes you want to have a party!This little amazing bake shop is the best thing to happen to my neighborhood in a long time .....their offerings are amazing .....if I was going to meet , the pope , the obamas or the queen of England ...... I would bring them a gift from cake life ..... YOU GET THE IDEA !     LolThis place is adorable! The lemon bars, carrot cake and red velvet were delicious. The lemon raspberry cupcake cake with a buttercream icing that had a bad flavor and consistency. We were asked to eat it at room temperature and we did but it didn't really help. Everything else was amazing!Possibly my favorite bakery. I've bought cupcakes for birthdays, as well as random treats. In addition to sweets, their quiche is also amazing! I also like to come here to work from home sometimes. It's nice and bright, not crazy loud, and has great coffee. The atmosphere is always so lovely as well. The staff are great and it's just a nice place to be. You can tell they put a lot of pride in their work here.Best croissant I ever ate.
Best goldfish...thing...I ever ate---outstandingly flaky and tasty, with a flavor that just keeps developing in your mouth. Would go great with beer, but too late! Next time.
Moderately successful cupcake. I guess it depends on what you like. This one has a true buttercream, as in a butter-and-eggs meringue, rather than a childhood buttercream based on powdered sugar. The cake itself is a little too spongy and dry for me. Might be your thing. But is it anyone's thing to eat real buttercream when it's cold and hard? So frustrating to have to wait for your cupcake to come to room temp, and on a chilly day, my room temp isn't even warm enough. Is it a Health Department requirement, that frosted cakes be kept in the fridge? A misguided shame---butter takes days or weeks to go bad unrefrigerated (in our house we then just call it cheese...), and the sugar in frosting makes it last pretty much forever.(to the tune of "Cake" by Flo Rida)
You know when I pass by, can't ignore the bright lights
Every treat is lit (though they're def. not free)
Everyone that's inside, nibbling on some good times
And if you have a chance, try everything you see
When you wanna show off
Bring at tart that goes off
I can't ever choose just one thing, yeah
Baked goods, yeah I want them all day, but heyyyy
You could bring these to a party...
Or, if you'd like, you can stay
Or you can leave with some goodies....
I only came for the cake.
Cake Life is just the dreamiest, and I made the mistake of moving so close that I pass by it daily. Oh well - my cross to bear. Whether it's a sweet ending to the night, or a treat to bring to a party, their baked tarts,  cupcakes, brownies, cookies, cakes, sausage rolls, rugelach, or kouign ammans always knock it out of the park. I truly haven't had a bad bite yet. The prices are a little steeper than your run-of-the-mill grocery store cake or pie, but (IMHO) you get what you pay for here, especially if you're eating in the shop. The charm factor is incredibly high, the Insta-potential is off the charts, and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. PLUS they're always doing cool events where you can get a ticket for a guided tasting, or drink/pastry pairing - keep your eyes out!I tried their watermelon popsicle, and it was amazing. Super, super tart in a wonderful way. 
Though I hate anything in the shape of poop, their "unicorn poop" cookie (I wasn't told what it was, so I thought it was just colorful swirled meringue) is pure meringue with no cookie underneath -- something that's hard to find. 
The person I went with liked the croissant and cookie they tried. Everything tasted as good as it looked, and everything looked great.I WILL NOT BE ORDERING MY WEDDING CAKE FROM HERE. I sent an inquiry through Cake Life's website about scheduling a cake tasting for my wedding. Ally responded describing the tasting and policy that they charge $45 for a tasting. If you decide you want to move forward with the cake there, the $45 will be deducted IF you spend over $750. After that initial email, I emailed 3 times and left a voicemail and called again before I finally was able to reach Ally via phone to get a date scheduled for my tasting. When I explained who I was and that I had been trying to reach out to book a date, she responded that since my wedding was so far away (it was a year in advance) that she didn't feel the need to rush. I was put off by her unapologetic response about getting back to me, but I pushed it off and went ahead and booked a date in April for my tasting. Three days before my tasting, I received an email from Ally saying that they have to reschedule my tasting, with no reasoning as to why. At that point, it was the last straw and I emailed her back right away explaining that it was a hassle to even get this appointment booked, and that I would like my money back. Again, no response from Ally...
The next day, I called the bakery and spoke to Ally. I explained that I would like my money back and that this is not the place I want my wedding cake from. I understand things come up, but a phone call explaining the situation would have been the right thing to do. Because I didn't get that, I can only assume that they needed to move my appointment to have a tasting for someone that was last minute. Why should my schedule change because I plan ahead?
I am very disappointed because I was really looking forward to the tasting and working with Cake Life for my wedding cake, but I would much rather work with a business that wants my business and treats their customers with respect. They need to teach their employees the basics of customer service.I needed a last minute baby shower cake and had never ordered a custom cake before. Ally made the ordering process extremely easy and the cake was beautiful, delicious and affordable. I will definitely be back for the next big event. Thank you!We shared the Citrus Bar and the Chocolate Overload Cookie. The Citrus bar will melt in your mouth and is the perfect treat for a hot day. The chocolate cookie was soft on the inside and slightly crispy on the edges. It was a great combination of chocolate and texture. We would definitely order both again next time.I bought a honey lavender cake for a coworker. Needless to say, it was an absolute hit. It's a beautiful four layer cake with a cream-cheese-like frosting between the layers. The honey was sweet but not overwhelmingly sweet. This was such a fantastic cake, Ill be back for more. Also, the shop is very clean and decorative. No complaints at all!Love this place.  The only downside is you almost feel bad for eating the food because it is so beautiful. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The décor is inviting and comfort.An incredible addition the neighborhood -- delicious cakes, pastries and savory fare such as sausage rolls (a personal favorite) but the highlight in my opinion is the quiche!
The owners are lovely and really care about their guests and the community.
Open late on Friday and Saturdays.
Must eat(s):
-Citrus bar
-Quiche
-Sausage rolls
-Lemon raspberry cake
-key lime pie
-Unicorn poop (a great gift pack is available)
Hot tip: they also boast a cute selection of cards, cake toppers, etc.Baked goods were mediocre and pricey. We're all about supporting small businesses so we went to support and check it out. Ordered chocolate croissant which wasn't offered to be heated, so the chocolate chunks were hard and cold. My husband ordered some other type of cheese cake, but I wasn't impressed. It's posh, but the staff there weren't friendly at all. Definitely did not knock my socks off.Cake Life has the goods you're seeking. 
Birthday cakes, wedding cakes, cupcakes, and pastries for all occasions. Check out the uploaded photo of the geode cake (!) and the birthday cake case for some examples of the creativity. 
The pastries are totally remarkable as well. We had a couple boxes to share with the family so we got a sampling of maybe 12 different kinds of things, all of which were deemed to be "the best (blank) I've ever had" by the family. 
Surprisingly good selection of gluten free options as well for those that roll that way - colorful meringues (sp?) called "Rainbow Poop" were delicious and hilarious, sweet but not cloying lemon bars, and coconut macaroons were standouts in that area. 
The restaurant itself is also really comfortable, clean, family friendly,  space for about 24ish seated I think. There is good fancy coffee from Rival Brothers and a full barista operation, plus tea and iced tea. 
I didn't try one but was also pleased to see a sausage-filled pastry of some sort (I like some protein with my breakfast so this is a good option for me). 
Highly recommended.I've never had a cupcake made me so sad.   I get truly excited when I hear the words buttercream, and I personally feel like cool whip icing is the work of the devil.   Upon stopping on my commute home and carrying this cupcake on my trek....I was sadened to see that this buttercream cupcake tasted like whipped cream.    I scraped off all the icing and just ate a 3+ dollar amount of lackluster icingless cake.I don't know if we just didn't try the right items, but nothing really stood out here. The honey lavender cake was nothing special. The cream was a bit too buttery for my liking. And the honey lavender combination in this cake tasted more pungent (think goat cheese) than fragrant. The unicorn poop cookies were adorable but tasteless (as meringue usually is, so I didn't think too much of this). And the goldfish treat was mediocre at best. I had high hopes for the bakeshop based on the cute interior and delicious looking pastries, but overall but wasn't impressed based on what we tried.This beautifully well-lit bakery has incredible cakes and pastries. Everything I've had has been delicious, but I'm a sucker for the swiss miss cupcake. I take all out-of-town guests here for dessert. They have great coffee and espresso to pair with your treat. If I were having a birthday for someone special and didn't feel like baking, this is where I would order from.the goods (i.e., the cupcakes!):
best birthday EVER made more best with A Cupcake Wonderland's vegan lemon cupcakes and vegan espresso cupcakes (with the whole coffee beans on top. :) i really tried to share but i'm pretty sure i ate like 9 out of the dozen -- high-5! every single cupcake was baked perfection, beautiful to look at and perfect texture to eat -- very important not to compromise any of this for the vegans! :)
client service:
principled. and that is seriously the highest praise. there was actually a glitch with the order, a technology/communication problem really that compromised voicemail messages, nobody's fault. Our order was placed from New York for an event in Philly, and when we arrived at A Cupcake Wonderland (ACW) for pickup, there was no one to meet us. We couldn't wait around so we headed off to our picnic cupcakeless.
ACW called us back right away, apologized, and offered to make the order and hand-deliver to our door that night for free. they even waived the cost of the cupcakes (!) and wouldn't accept a tip. honestly, i was surprised anyone eve called us back; that's how bad my client service experiences have been lately.
i think ACW really showed respect and empathy for how emotional cupcakes can make us, and how a business error can ruin someone's birthday/wedding/etc. -- yes, mistakes will happen and it's good to know that ACW will get you your goods in the end, whatever it takes. getting us those cupcakes was clearly not simply a financial priority for them -- they were losing money; their priority i think is their relationship with their client. they've made a fan and customer for life here.
thanks ACW!Love it! Serves great coffee and I had a delicious cheddar scone. The staff is super nice and helpful. Will come back for sure!Waking up this thanksgiving morning was especially wonderful, thanks to my son going to get morning pastries from Cake Life!!  ok, so i like a croissant w coffee but a flakey croissant filled with chive cream cheese is brilliant and such a mouth watering delight on the palate....mmmm thanks!!...ok, so next taste treat was a apple n cheese pastry...wow, so lovely have sweet n savory....and finally, but not least, the fig n walnut coffee cake...mmmmm great density and warm w great balanced flavors in each bite....i am soooo totally thankful...Really cute bakery with a super trendy atmosphere in Fishtown. Popped in to see what vegan goodies they might have had...on their web site it says they have at least one vegan item a day. I was hoping for cupcakes, it happened to be my friends birthday that day. Unfortunately no vegan cupcakes but they had these amazing vegan pecan turtle bars smothered in chocolate caramelized pecans. So. Delicious. Items are a little pricey but I feel it's worth it for fresh bakery items and snacks. I noticed a ton of different scones, breads, and rolls too. A bunch of people were just there for coffees and lattes. Next time I'm looking for something in particular, I will definitely call ahead and make an order, but this is a great spot to stop in for some sweet treats.So for the price you would expect way better quality cupcakes rather than some frozen cupcakes. I placed an order through caviar for half a dozen of cupcakes. And man were they a huge disappointment. The cupcakes were not fresh at all. You can tell that the cupcakes has been sitting in the freezer or the fridge for a bit too long. The cupcakes were slightly dry and the frosting was slightly hard. Must I say I was pretty disappointed. I expected more from this cake shop and it let me down. However I will definitely come back to try their cakes and other goodies hope it won't be a huge disappointment this time around.Emory and everyone at Cake Life was a pleasure to work with when designing our son's first birthday cake. We couldn't have been happier with how the cake turned out and it was absolutely delicious. Best birthday cake we've ever had! Setting the bar high for the rest of his birthdays!Their cupcakes are amazing!  I'm vegan, so I've only had vegan cupcakes, but I loved them!  They were fun to watch on Cupcake Wars and Cupcake Champions - but even more fun to eat their cupcakes!  I hired them for a going away party for a co-worker and they did our logos on the cupcakes. I also went to a baby shower where they did totally cute pea pod designs.  I follow them on facebook and just saw the AMAZING muppet cupcakes.  Delicious local business that is artsy and has a lot of heart!  Totally recommended!We got our wedding cake from this place. We had a great cake tasting experience, with my husband's best friend. We brought a bottle of champagne and had many cake flavors. We could not come up with just one flavor for our wedding cake therefore we had six. This place is right around the corner from our house and we find ourselves coming here very often whether it be for coffee or even Savory snacks such as their monkey bread or chicken pot pieTheir cakes are AMAZING! Best in the neighborhood. I've ordered 2 birthday cakes and also stopped in for cookies and other treats. Everything has been delicious and really unique flavors. The shop is also really pretty.
Knowing how much I loved their cakes, my mom emailed to inquire about a cake for an engagement party she was throwing for my fiancé and I. While I'm sure she was not the perfect client/email writer, the correspondence from the shop was absolutely disappointing! When she told me I was shocked so I read the emails myself, the the person she communicated with was down right rude and condescending. She did end up apologizing but I don't get it... not necessary. Please be patient with your customers. Also, the pricing she gave us for a 10 in cake in the end was $367? That seems off...? Disappointing customer service. Sad because we both loved this shop and their cakes, we are left with a bad taste.I went for a wedding cake tasting (as the MOG) and the bakery was immaculately clean, bright and cheery.  Best of all, there was a large selection of really delicious cakes, fillings and icings.  Our "hostess", Ally, who set up the tasting and thoroughly explained all of the options to the bride-to-be could not have been any nicer or more helpful. Ally even boxed up all of the samples we had not been able to finish eating to take home for my son and husband to taste.
The cakes are gorgeous and everything is made from scratch.  I can't wait to see and taste the wedding cake.  
Although I live in the Phila suburbs, I'll definitely be returning with my husband who loved the samples from Cake Life.
Highly recommend!!Staff is so friendly. The shop is beautiful and clean. I stop in once a week and grab a few treats. Also have had some custom cupcakes and cookies made for events. Best bakery around.Beautiful and inviting space, amazing pastries and baked good, and super friendly and pleasant customer service. Can't ask for anything more! Will definitely be back!Not only is everything aesthetically pleasing, but the taste matches the beauty of each of these baked goods. We tried several items (and wish we had gotten several more!). The croissants were some of the best I've had, the tarts were all delicious, and quite frankly I can't even remember what else we had because I was high on hyperglycemia. I cannot wait to come back and try some of their other baked goods. The store itself is beautiful, well-laid out, and bright and clean.I stopped here last weekend with a friend. I love this place. It is so cute... The door handle is a rolling pin, it has great decorations and samples decorative cakes. They sell cards, candles, party hats. They have been on cupcakes wars but of course I tried a cookie.. I know epic fail on my part. My friend has the red velvet and loved it. I had a suave sugar that was good. I will absolutely return! The staff is so friendly and patient.giving 4 stars instead of 5 only because i haven't been to the shop yet to try any of the other amazing items!  Had the good fortune of finding a laden Cupcake Wonderland Table at a conference in Philly recently - seriously....heaven finding a sweet escape in the middle of a looooong workshop!  Try the bacon chedder scallion biscuit - fabulous.  the peanut butter brownie - omg so rich!  Now I've got to try one of those award winning cupcakes!  they're not cheap - nor should they be.  at $7 a pop at that table it was well worth it.What do I love most  about this place? Hmm 
A) the fact it's across from my favorite coffee shop
B)the fact it has amazing cakes and pastries
C)perfect atmosphere and aesthetic interior
D)kind and bubbly workers? 
Hmm how about all of the above? C:
I loved this place! It's so cute and cozy. I could see myself sitting in here for hours chatting it up with my best friend one day. This place is literally perfect! The only thing I wished was different were the prices of the deserts here. I wanted to try this cake they had that day (miniature cake version of their big cakes and pretty and perfect to cut up and eat with another friend) but it was like $21, so I went with other deserts they had. I loved it overall though! this place is definitely worth a visit.They have some really visionary treats - especially loved the idea of purple and blue, whimsical meringues labelled "unicorn poops."
Loved the many layered, lemon soaked sponge cake.  Each dessert in the display showed such a labor of love and craft.
Only reason I'm removing a star is that I agree with Neelam that the staff is not very warm or welcoming.  Was there 11/19 (in case this help the owner determine the staff) around 2p and the lady with glasses was fine - although not welcoming.  However, the lady with long black hair with blue mixed in was notably discomforting.  She did respond hello when my husband and I chirped this at her and looked sullen the whole time.  Made us rather uneasy.Very cute place for a cappuccino and a treat. Chicks love this place. Bring your girlBest cakes ever. Get the small 6" red velvet cake. Most delicious and moist red velvet we've had. This will be my go to bakery from now on. Can't wait to try the other cakes!I had been eying this place because I like dessert so I used the excuse of "missing" Valentine's Day aka no partner to redeem the dessert I would have enjoyed otherwise. I can't lie, I was a bit nervous using the line to get off at Girard, but once I got off, I was at ease by the amount of people around. The bake shop is cute, surrounded by kitschy stores (it is in Fishtown). But the staff was friendly and quite patient as I always have difficulty choosing food choices. I decided on a slice of campfire chocolate. I didn't eat it there because of time constraints, but it was very good. It is chocolate cake with Swiss Miss whipped frosting with a roasted marshmallow on top. I generally tend to judge a bakery on how well they can make a chocolate cake, since it's easy for chocolate cake to be dry. This wasn't exactly the case with this slice. It was wasn't super moist, but by all means it wasn't dry either, and for that they have another customer. While it is a hike to get over there (I live on the west side of the city), it is worth it.I get all my cakes here. Can't tell you how many times I've done a "cake drive by" when there's an event at work. Love love LOVE the variety of sweet and savory pastries! Nice big shop with plenty of wiggle room, super clean, and typically ok to find parking. They make this white hot chocolate I haven't had in some time but is amaaazing. 
It's kind of a one stop shop when you want to show up to a party and be like tadaaaaa! Party hats? Cute cards? Quick quirky gift for a house warming party? They got you covered. Oh and they make dog treats too.If you want the best wedding cake tasting experience of your life be sure too book one with Cake Life! We were able to mix and match a large variety of cakes, fillings and frostings to come up with the perfect cake for our day. We had a great time creating something unique for our event.
We had everything delivered on the day of our wedding and it was set up just as we had requested it. The staff is super friendly and very passionate about what they do.My wife and I decided to have our wedding in northern Philadelphia... In a 150 year old factory boiler room...  with a carnival theme.  This is the basic information that we passed along to Lily and Nima for them to develop a strategy for cakes. We wanted to give our vendors some room to be creative but make sure that everything would also taste and look great. GRAND SLAM! When I walked into the reception area of our wedding one of the first things I came across was a table with 7 beautifully designed cakes that fit our theme so perfectly! When it came time and I actually got to try them I was delighted to find out that they tasted as good they looked! I have had several of my family members and close friends tell me that the carrot cake was the best that they have ever had in their life.  Go through one of their tastings and I guarantee that you will be doing business with them.  For pictures of the cakes and more check out #globedyeworkswedding on instagram.Cake Life is an adorable little boutique bakery that offers a nice assortment of sweet and savory treats. The cakes are decorated so perfectly, it's almost as if I'm looking at a magazine! From the few times I've been here, it seems as though the menu seems to do a lot of rotating which is a nice opportunity to try some new things. Another bonus is this place has many great options that cater to different kinds of dietary preferences. At times, I can be really sensitive to dairy products and some of the vegan desserts (like the vegan pecan turtle bar) do an excellent job of satisfying my craving for something chocolatey and yummy without giving me an upset stomach afterward. Getting I also love doing the iced lattes with oat milk as well!  In terms of savory treats for breakfast, I love the hand pies and stuffed croissants (don't knock the artisanal pickle garnish on the top until you try it!)
While the menu items can be a bit pricey, do keep in mind what you're getting is of the utmost quality.Adorable shop, beautiful cupcakes, cakes and desserts.  Went in for a cupcake because I love cupcakes, especially if they have good buttercream icing.  Excellent vanilla on vanilla decorated for Valentine's Day.  Did not disappoint.  And as a sideline, my dogs loved the treats I bought for them, and they are as fussy as I am.  :)Was in the other night around 6, the lady working the counter was very pleasant however the other lady that was wrapping up cakes and left over pastries was very rude, I had asked for coffee and was told "NO, we don't have any! I could see on the board that they sell it, rather than argue with her I just left. Very disappointing experience!