I had a good visit.  Great spring day and the front was competely opened.  Stopped by for an afternoon snack.  Sat at the bar and ordered a Stella and the Salmon Terrines.  Pleasant staff and cool atmosphere.  The presentation was excellent served over a cucumber salad.  Terrines had a nice tecture and the salmon was fresh.
Would definately stop by on my next visit to Philly.While the french windows and tiny tables give the ambiance of being in Paris (?), the service was super slow and I was starving by the time my food arrived. How long does it take to make french fries and scoop soup du jour into a bowl? The food is good but I do think it's over priced. The waiters were nice but super slow.I feel like I need to leave a review  because I have been disappointed to see Caribou cafe losing stars... I have eaten here many times and it's always good. The experience I am giving 5 stars for was dinner last week. I brought a group of 7 for dinner and everything was spot on: the service was outstanding, the food was excellent (despite what another yelper said about the french onion soup, in my opinion it is always delicious). Our food was wonderful and everyone got their dishes at the same time. And everything was hot and fresh. In addition to the good service and good food, we all had wine and cocktails and an appetizer charcuterie plate and the whole bill was less than $300. That is quite a deal for a delicious meal in a cute bistro in center city for a somewhat large party. Good job caribou cafe!This cafe has the best al freso dinning in Philly!  The food is delicious and the servers are friendly.  Paris is my favorite city and I feel like I am there.  They have great happy hour specials as well!Caribou Cafe is one of my regular haunts during the spring and summer months.  I almost hate to write about it for fear the the porch would get more crowded than it already does on Friday nights.  It's got a nice open atmosphere, (mostly) friendly wait staff, good French food, live entertainment on weekends and a descent wine list.  Oh, and me on a fair number of Friday nights.
They have a descent beer list - to include one of my favorite summer bottled swills... Lancaster Strawberry Wheat.  But normally I set up with the wine and Pellegrino.  I don't see it on their menu - but there is a halfway descent Malbec there - and I favor their house Pino.  
The wait staff will say their Skate Wing is their signature dish - but to be honest I'm not a fan.  Skate should be light - and theirs is smothered in an over-heavy sauce.  I also hate their bread.  Other than that, though, it is hard to go wrong.  
If you sit down at a table ask for the bar menu in addition to the lunch or dinner menu or you'll miss out on half teh selections - including the Fromages du Jour (which I assume means cheeses on a plate) and the glory of honey soaked nuts and cheese.
They have a good burger... and the Croque-Monsieur makes for a slammin' lunch.  But I think the star on the menu is usually in the specials - which right now includes a salmon dish that made heads turn as people walked past.What a find!  And right next to the Forrest Theater.  We were lured in by the Chimay sign, but we stayed because of the Lillet.  If neither of those are familiar to you, do a little homework or just pop in and sample.  
We had several cocktails and a platter of meats and cheeses, all delicious.  If I go back, though, I will order a Vesper.  SO nice to be in a bar that can actually make legit cocktails.  Just writing thus review is making my mouth water!3 for food; 4 for wine.  Go here to have a lovely, cozy drink with a friend, not to eat your favorite meal.  The food lacks presentation, and you can simply just do better elsewhere.  The atmosphere, however, is perfect to unwind with a friend after a long work day, or head to to warm up on a cold day.Been here twice.  Good French bistro (Did you know bistro means "fast" in Russian` from when Prussians were in France?) fare if a bit on the buttery side.We had a wonderful waitress, Katie.  It was her first day at Caribou Cafe, but she was a seasoned and excellent waitress (she checked on us regularly to see how we were doing).  There were two of us in our party.  I ordered off of the fixed price menu, and I was not disappointed.  For $28 I received the endive and arugula salad (the portion was huge), the mussels in curry (OMG -- excellent and a large serving) that was also served with french fries, and the dessert of the day, which turned out to be expresso creme brule.  I expected the dessert to be warm, but when it was served to me cold I was not disappointed.  My  husband ordered 2 of the specials of the day: (1) the endive and arugula salad with salmon and a special lemon dressing  and (2) the 10 ounce sirloin (MR) with crab.   The steak was full of gristle, and when the waitress asked us how our meal was he commented on the gristle and toughness of the steak.  She replied that she would share this comment with the chef and management.  She returned a few minutes later to say that  the staff wanted to provide him with a complimentary dessert for his troubles/disappointment.  He ordered the chocolate mousse, and he was not disappointed.  We also ordered a bottle of Malbec Reserve, and it is a wine we will order again. We look forward to our next visit.Loved the food! Tried escargot and frog legs for the first time! I will be back next time I'm in town! Yummy! We sat upstairs, great privacy and service.Went here for brunch today. We had five people and no one was impressed with the food or service. The pomme frites were clearly frozen fries, the omelets were thick, tough, and over-cooked rather than light French omelets, the bread was stale, and the mussels were in an over-salted and greasy sauce. Essentially we all ordered basic French food and it was all poorly cooked and slowly served.Delicious food (not that much vegetarian friendly but what they had was very well-made), friendly service, and easy to sit down on a Friday night without reservations. The decor and music were transporting - didn't feel like any other place on busy Walnut Street.I had the worst restaurant experience in this cafe. Service is bad and manager is very unprofessional. Not kid friendly at all. Bad attitude from our server and manager did not care. Be prepared for bad service if you dine in this restaurant.Had some lunch here when my family was in town last weekend. The selection was kind of small for my liking. But we all managed to find something we liked. The portions of the Eggs Benedict seemed small to me. I ordered a 9 oz. burger with caramelized onions, mushrooms, bacon and a tomato remoulade. I wasn't a big fan of the remoulade, I scrapped most of it off. The burger was definitely over cooked, I asked for medium and it was well done. Keep that in mind when ordering. All over we had a decent experience.2.5 stars. Food was mediocre and overpriced for what you got. Order was lost and took more than an hour to get food.  Manager and server were apologetic, and gave us free apps.  Too little, too late.We went for a nice dinner before a show.  The staff was friendly but the service was slow. Our water glasses were never refilled .  Our food was nothing special. every thing was bland . My rare steak was well done. Other tables were complaining  about not getting their food at all. I won't go againawful :/, Every two months or so I make a trip down to Philadelphia from Jersey City because I love the restaurants and think Philly is such a foodie-centric city.Caribou was one of my favorites from years ago but I admittedly stayed away for the past few years because of a bad meal.   After watching an episode of Chopped where the chef  Oliver won I decided maybe it was time to give this place another shot, after all the atmosphere is as close to sitting in a restaurant in Paris your going t get in Philly. To start we were pleasantly greeted by a very friendly wait staff.  We were promptly sat and presented with the wine menu.  For this meal we ordered a bottle of chardonnay. Although our waiter was very friendly and attentive his one mistake which is a pet Peeve of mine is he put the cork back in the bottle after opening it.  Simple enough mistake to overlook though.  For our meal we decided to keep it light and ordered two french onion soups for an appetizer, The cheese was perfectly crisped however the broth had no taste and was seasoned so bland I actually had to add salt to a French Onions Soup!  For our entree's we ordered Steak Tar tar and the Duck Comfit salad.  The steak tar tar was the absolute worst I've ever had, the consistency was slimy, it was under seasoned, and the quality of the meat seemed to be equal to 80 percent ground chuck.  I rarely ever say this but the meal was inedible. The Duck Comfit was confusing, the duck it self was overly salted (maybe that's where the salt from the French Onion Soup went.) however the greens were dressed nicely and the vinaigrette was pleasant. Still hungry and unfulfilled from our meal so far we decided to be adventurous and order dessert, We both ordered ALA MODE, the apple Tart Tatin which was dry and boring and the Crêpe Bretonne with salted caramel which was actually very good, the caramel sauce was velvety and tasty.   To conclude the wait staff was great, friendly and attentive, the atmosphere was everything you would want for a cute french bistro, that jazz band was on point, but for a 200 meal in Philly this place gets a  thumbs down for the food.I really enjoyed brunch here. Let me start off my saying that I reserved seating for a party of 13 on a Saturday which isn't always easy. On top of that we had to push the reservation back by an hour at the last minute. I was panicking on my way there because I thought for sure I was going to get the stink eye, being the group that pushed a large party back by an hour but that was not the case. The staff were so very friendly and accommodating. They had the table ready for us and didn't rush us to get seated once everyone arrived. The drinks were flowing and even the GM helped take orders and bring out food. Speaking of food-- everything was incredible. I tried the seafood crepe, steak benedict( cooked perfectly), and also sampled the quiche of the day. DELICIOUS! I will most certainly go back again. The French bistro décor is really cute and made for a really nice birthday brunch. There is an upstairs area for larger parities so it's really spacious and you aren't sitting on top of one another like in some city restaurants. Great for larger parties.I came here with a friend for lunch during restaurant week. $20 for a 3 course lunch? Yes, please. The first course was chilled onion soup. It was excellent, but I didn't realize that it was chilled so that was surprising on a very chilly fall day. I had the seafood crepe, my friend had the pork shoulder, and we split both. EXCELLENT. Super super yummy for both. The portions were perfect for lunch and the service was pretty quick. Dessert was a caramel apple tart. If I could live off of that tart and not lose all my teeth from sugar and gain 400 lbs and get diabetes and heart disease, I totally would. It was AMAZING. 
I don't know if I would come back when it wasn't restaurant week because the menu was a little pricy. Also, the service was overall good except for one waiter who was kind of snooty. But both my friend and I agreed that lunch was fantastic and we had a wonderful time.Read great reviews about the onion soup so I tried it. I  was disappointed. I've had better french onion at chain restaurants. Atmosphere was nice but I wasn't impressed with the menu..or the service.I typically don't view French food in a positive light, as my family is an "olive oil all the way" crowd, but after seeing the chef/owner of this restaurant, Olivier Desaintmartin, win on Chopped, I had to try this place. .
...And I am sure glad that I did! I've walked by here many times, but could never decide if I actually wanted to try it. They have an adorable Euro-style cafe that is open and welcomingly, along with a quaint outdoor seating section. 
I looked up the menu before I went for lunch one afternoon during work, and knew  exactly what I wanted to order: The Croque Madame, baby. If you aren't familiar, a croque madame is a Parisian grilled ham and cheese with an over-easy egg on top. It was positively delightful. Ever bite until the last was delicious. It came paired with a refreshing spring salad dressed with vinegarette on the side. 
Magnifique !
I recommend it and will certainly return to sample other dishes.So Sampan was packed with a wait and Graffiti Bar was closed for a private event. Searching for a restaurant, we passed on Supper Club and ended up with Caribou Cafe. The menu looked fairly simple and they had cheap sandwich options so we decided to give it a go. It was a Thursday night so it wasn't very busy and we were seated right away. The bar area was right behind us and was pretty busy so my chair got kicked a few times by people walking by trying to go around them. There were plenty of variety in seating options. Booths, outdoor tables, upstairs dining, small tables in the middle, and bench. 
All our food was delivered in a good amount of time, from the waters to our entrees. If you are a Foursquare user, they have a special for a free Kronenbourg in a nice tall glass. Who doesn't love free beer? We got our complimentary water and bread and then ordered appetizers, he got what appeared to be an escargot slider and I had the French onion soup. For the main entree, we decided to save and just get black angus burgers. It wasn't my first choice but I didn't regret it because the fries were perfectly crisp and tasty and the burger was perfectly medium rare. It was all very filling and we had no room for dessert but we ended up going to Insomnia cookies. Although if I did order dessert, it would have been profiteroles and the bread pudding.
The service was very quick and they weren't overbearing. Really enjoyed this place. If we weren't budgeting our dinner, I would have gone with one of their prix fixe deals, one was $28 and the other $38 a person. They also look like they have really good happy hour specials. I also enjoyed the music where I recognized a French version of Beyond the Sea and the Belleville Rendezvous.I always used to meet the nicest random people here, and it was a good place for an out of towner on business to hang out, swill coffee, and see something other than people in ties or the inside of a hotel room.  Very pleasant place with good coffee and decent food if you're peckish.  Center City is of course a hanger-outer's paradise itself.We had 7:00 dinner reservations on a Saturday. We were seated quickly and brought menus. 
The restaurant was busy and we received sub par service. We ordered with the waiter and never saw him again until it was time to order dessert. Each course was brought out by a different server and no one checked in on us. Our water glasses sat empty and we never received bread. 
Our food was good but I've had much better at similar price points. 
This was our first time at Caribou Cafe and I'm not tempted to return.Ate here for lunch yesterday. This place was exactly what I was looking for while strolling around center city aimlessly. It was a nice quiet restaurant where I could read my book and have a few beers in peace. 
The Gnocchi dish I had was quite excellent. It was 2 gigantic gnocchi's with beef in the middle. The salad that accompanied my dish was light and fresh! 
It was a great meal to start off my day. 
I will be back for sure.So after seeing Sharon Jones and The Dap Kings the wife and I decided to find a spot to grab something to eat. As it was a Saturday night around 8pm we figured that it would be tough to find somewhere but then we stumbled upon Caribou. It looked crowded but we were seated upstairs immediately.
For those of you who have read some of my reviews I am a stickler when it comes to being greeteed at my table in a certain amount of time. Well this is where Caribou failed. We were sitting for about five minutes before the waitress came over, though she passed us maybe four times with acknowledgment. With the extra time that we had to look at the menu we had already decided on what we wanted to eat, so we were ready when the waitress came over. 
She approached the table and greeted us then asked for our beverage order. We gave it to her and we were about to give her our food order when she abruptly disappeared. When she came back with our drinks she read off the specials and then without asking us if we were ready to order disappeared again for maybe five minutes. She came back and we finally gave her our order,Salad de chevre chaud and Cassoulet for my wife and soup a l'oignon and Choucroute for myself.
When the apps arrived we dove right in, as we were starving. The soup was good but it lacked flavor. I enjoyed all the cheese but it degraded the broth to the point that it tasted like a cheese soup with some onions. My wife's app though was great. goat cheese, potatoes, and figs, can't go wrong. When we were almost finished with our apps we asked the waitress for more bread so that we could sop up the remaining soup and juices. She said no problem and went off to get some more bread, or so we thought. It wasn't until minutes later that she was delivering a drink to the table behind us that I finally got her attention and requested bread again. This time she got it right away.
Our entrees came out and looked and smelled wonderful. For both of us the first couple of bites were great. I liked the sausages on my plate and also the pork shank, and my wife was enjoying her Cassoulet. For me after those initial bites i began to realize that there was a lack of flavor in the sauerkraut  and my wife commented that the cassoulet was a bit to runny for her liking. Another than that the food was great.
When it came time for dessert I order the crepe with a sea salt caramel sauce, and my wife ordered the creme brulee. Ym crepe was fantastic. The salty and sweetness of the sauce was an excellent companion to the crepe, however my wife's creme brulee was a different story. 
My wife is a pastry chef and I would imagine knows a thing or to about dessert. When she took her spoon and went to crack the sugar on top of the brulee it folded inwards. When she finally broke through the inside was not set and was still runny. Though with all that I just described it was still good.
All in all we will be back. It was a nice spot and had a nice atmosphere. Nothing really wowed me and nothing happened that made me not want to go back.More than the food, the environment is why i give a high rating.  It's a nice spot.  Can't say it's the greatest thing you'll ever eat, but the service is nice, and a great place to take for a date.  Check this place out.Recently went to Caribou Cafe for the first time. I had heard a lot of good things about the place for a while, most of which were good. I don't know though. While the french onion soup was good, my salad left a lot to be desired. And the salmon was nothing memorable. Overall I thought the food was mediocre. Service was nice. And while outdoor dining is pleasant, I face nothing but a busy intersection in Center City. Take it of leave it.Great steak frites and moules frites.  Good service, pleasant and fast.  An out of place oddity is the big screen tv over the bar:  a non-non in a French bistro.I got the Choucroute for which the description was 'pork sausage and pork over sauerkraut'. What it turned out to be was 2 hot dogs -  part pork and part beef. Needless to say it was terrible, and at 19$ quite overpriced. Maybe it was my bad luck to choose the worst thing on the menu, but when my wife got the crepe caramel which they also abundantly covered with powder sugar, I realized that it was not over yet -- it was beyond sweet, almost like a sugar perfusion. 
Service was OK, although they didn't make much effort. 
Otherwise the place looked good, nice setting, good ambiance. Food is crap and way overpriced.I have had lunch many many times at Caribou Cafe and it was always wonderful. I love the ambiance and no loud music. Today the food was bland and disappointing. A friend and I wanted French cuisine and we were choosing between Parc and Caribou. The food is much much better at Parc but the noise level is so loud at Parc that we can't have a conversation there. At Caribou there was good jazz background music and it was relaxing and enjoyable. I wish Caribiou would improve the food.I had been  coming to this restaurant for years because the food is good and the space is very pleasant.  They have a small waitstaff, and one of the senior waiters who waited on the booth area was so consistently unpleasant that I stopped going there.  He always extremely put-upon by the customers, and very impatient.  I went back today at the suggestion of the person I was lunching with, and fortunately this waiter was not there.  So, I may start to make this one of my regular lunch spots again.  Apart from this service issue,the place is generally above average in terms of price and quality.We were disappointed with this place.  The escargot was ok, our meals were just meh. Seating upstairs was kind of cool and the cocktails were decent.  The interior was really nice, but deceiving of the food quality.Great place. I had the  Arugula Endive Salad, Steak tartare and Chocolate mousse and they were all excellent. Service was very good. Place is a little pricey but worth it. Would definitely visit again.I absolutely love this restaurant.  I forget about it sometimes, and then when I go back, I fall in love again.  the food is truly authentic french bistro fare, each dish simple, yet with exquisite flavors.  try to sit downstairs or outside.  i feel like I'm in sibera upstairs.3 years ago I wrote a review for Caribou with a 5-star rating and I genuinely meant it. And now, regrettably, I have to downgrade it to a 1-star rating. What a difference 3 years makes! The atmosphere feels dead and heavy - almost as if the place knows it's on its last legs. The bread for the table was stale, as was the brioche bun for my burger - and the burger itself was gristly and just didn't taste right. The other couple of dishes were so-so, and one was burnt. I used to love Caribou but this version of the restaurant doesn't deserve to stay in business.Downgraded to 2 stars. Went to theater the other nite. Reservations for 5 so they knew we were coming. There was a ceiling fan going, on high, which we had to ask them to turn down. WTF? Food was not hot when served but rather tepid. Fries looked good, served in an attractive round silver container. Not hot, though! If you have special requests like, not a lotta sauce or something on the side...........
Fogettaboutit!!!!!!!! But the bill was tallied correctly and rather high.I have to agree with some of the other reviewers with regard to slow service and underwhelming food.  The menu was more limited than I had hoped it would be.  I'm not a beer drinker but I was told by my dining companion that the beer selection was excellent. 
Just like another poster- we were left standing in the doorway for an awkward few minutes without so much as eye contact from anyone. Once we were seated our order was taken fairly quickly but that was where expedience ended.  In terms of the food, I would've had a better omelette at any diner and I think I could have made a better croque-monsieur in my sandwich press.Pros: The food was great. I could've eaten just the fabulous bread with delicious, salty butter all night long. The entrees were delicious, the cocktails competently mixed.
Cons: The service suuuuuuuuucked. It literally took as long to pay the bill as it did to eat dinner. The waiter was clearly super confused by check-splitting, the cash terminal, tax, gratuity, everything. If you're going to eat here, bring cash and patience.So my friend and I couldn't get into Zavino, so we decided to take a stroll in the neighborhood and we ended up at Caribou Cafe.  It has great French bistro-esque ambiance and had a nice crowd (but not TOO crowded) for a Wednesday night.  Bar area looks cool, and there is also an upstairs and downstairs table seating.  We arrived after CC Sips, and got a prime table right in the window (but in the A/C for this hot night...perfecto).
So the menu is more than what you would expect - not just steak frites and french onion soup (though I saw plenty of those old faithfuls).  I wasn't particularly hungry for dinner, but I saw many appetizer salads - a wide array of artful collections of ingredients and a variety to choose from.  I ended up with a arugula, fennel, pears (crisp, delish) and a HUNK of roquefort on a bed of prociutto.  Um...perfection.  It's hard for me to get excited about salads, but this one was great and nice n' light for a summer evening.  The lemon vinagrette was great, and in just the right amount, too.  My friend went with a smoked salmon salad with goat cheese that looked awesome.  For appetizer-sized salads, there was plenty for a lighter dinner.  
I don't usually order dessert, but I could tell that this place had a solid selection.  We ordered the mousse and creme brulee to share.  Both were great rich and awesome.  All desserts are homemade on the premises except for ice cream.  Score!  
Nice wine and beer list to choose from - lots of foreign beers and french wines.  I had a rose de provence - perfect for a hot night.  
Most of all - the wait staff let us sit and catch up - did not try to turn the table over.  Love that.  Caribou is officially IN my rotation!Decent food, horrible service, high prices.  
Eggs benedict with salmon cake was just ok.  The salmon cake was very dry and boring.  The english muffins were bordering on burnt.  The single poached egg was great, but what's the deal with serving one poached egg?  They were also very skimpy with the Hollandaise, which was really runny and bland anyway.  The side salad was just plain lettuce, either incredibly lightly dressed, or no dressing at all.  The potatoes tasted like they were a week old.  The entire dish was served cold.  
The service was exceptionally bad.  After our plates were cleared, it took literally half an hour to get our check.  The waitress rudely tossed it on the table and mumbled that the tip had been added as she was walking away.  When I asked her if she could bring me change for a hundred, you'd have thought I asked her to fly to the moon.  I thanked her profusely when she brought me the change, but she didn't even crack a smile, much less say "you're welcome."  
The food was pretty spendy  for what it was...$13 for eggs benedict, but up most of the other brunch entrees were $20 or more.  Yikes.  
Not worth it.Creme brûlée is out of this world! The torching is so easy to mess up but the one here has a perfectly thin, hard crust with a soft rest of the dessert. It also didn't taste like pudding/custard (which is good!) Great service too and my friends loved their actual food. I had dental surgery that day and the waitstaff recommended the creme brûlée which I'm glad I had- will have to try the other dishes at this cute French place!Came here on a date and it was more or less suitable for those circumstances. On a thursday at around nine it was almost empty. We got a bottle of wine - the cheapest one on the menu was 37$, which is too much in my book. The service was good, but like i said, it was empty. 
I got the sausage plate - a knockwurst and a french one I can't remember that was a slow-burn spicy. They came with fries and a salad. The fries could have been crispier but all in all were pretty good. 
I would say it was pretty solid (not outstanding, but passable), and more expensive than it should have been really. If I'm wandering that area again perhaps I'll stop in. I don't know that I'd seek it out.I adore Caribou Cafe. 
On my many visits here, I have been nothing but delighted by the atmosphere, the food, the friendly servers....etc. There's nothing better than walking in, cozying up to the bar and enjoying delicious wine and dessert while listening to enchanting music and drifting away to Paris. Or was that just me on one of my latest stops in....
My last visit was brought on by needing a perfect place to go after a 1pm show at the Academy of Music with the family.  All of us, save for my father, are flexible and will try just about anything.  But when Dad M. is in the mix, we have to be careful to pick a place that isn't too fancy or out of the realm of what he would consider "normal" so he will be happy and in turn, we will all be happy. 
So at the last minute, I thought of Caribou since I knew he could get something simple and the rest of us could get creative if we wanted to. 
All told - it was a huge success.  While he stuck to the chicken sandwich, I got the croque madame (who can turn down a fried egg?), Jennifer B. and Mom M. got seafood crepes (which received rave reviews) and B-I-L got the entree with three sausages and frites....yum!   And I can't forget the soup of the day - carrot, celery root, creme fraiche...not crazy flavorful but it hit the spot when coming in from the cold. 
Caribou is a delightful place for many occasions - drink at the bar, dinner, in between time food. I love the idea of taking family here since its nicer than a "bar" but not so daunting as a fancy restaurant.  A really nice middle ground type of a place that is bound to please everyone.....even the picky "Dad M." types.My friend and I had pre-theater reservations for dinner.  Traffic delays made our arrival a half hour late.  So we were very pressed for time.  When we arrived, the accommodations for my companion in a wheelchair were unavailable.  The hostess graciously asked recently seated guests if they would move to a table upstairs so they could honor our reservation.  They were very pleasant and moved.  In order to save time, my friend ordered the salmon appetizer and I had the salmon Caesar salad.  In spite of being incredibly busy, our waiter, Jonathan. was attentive, helpful and pleasant.  We received our order in minutes and both dishes were absolutely delectable!!  We managed to finish our meal and get to the theater on time.  What a delightful dining experience!!  After the show, we returned for dessert.  Same wonderful service and friendly, caring atmosphere.  The cappuccino cheesecake and creme brûlée were amazing.  We are frequent theater goers, so Caribou Cafe will be our dining choice from now on.def a more pricey venue than I'm used to, so I stuck to the basics.  the salad sounded a lot better than it was, and they actually forgot one of the ingredients to it.  for dessert i definitely recommend the profiterolles (sp?), it was amazing.  overall, I kinda hate to give this place three stars because I loved the atmosphere.  They have live music on the weekends, and all the waiters and busboys appear to have french accents i guess to maintain the theme of the restaurant.  also, they dealt quite well with our large group, not a long wait at all.  i'm going to havee to give this place another chance...so till next time.Perfect French Bistro, fine martinis, courteous wait staff, right next to the Forrest Theatre. Great!Only visited once, but would definitely return and try again.  We went on a weekend afternoon, and the service seemed a bit stressed with the theatre matinee crowd?  But come on, it's a restaurant on a weekend, deal with it.  The food was oh, oh so good (I recommend the tomates farcies, definitely worth the wait), and the drinks are generous.Food: Inconsistent
Drinks: Interesting cocktails, good beers
Service: Pleasant
We went for a night out with some friends and so I was able to sample everyone's dinner and drinks. The most dissapointing meal was my own. My entre was the spinach pasta with goat cheese, asparagus, and mushrooms. It was bland and there were only a teaspoon of goat cheese and no sauce or seasoning to speak of. It is the kind of pasta dish I would make at home and then think "what was I thinking, this has no flavor?!" 
The duck, pork cheeks and steak were all passable. The bread pudding was yummy. 
WARNING: The "traditional vanilla" creme brulee is lemon flavored.
Overall this place was a dissapointment. I didn't feel we had a truly excellent meal for the money.I love this place but I'm completely puzzled why it is called the Caribou Cafe.
From the name you kind of assume you're in for a casual Alaskan/Canadian influenced bar with taxidermy on display and plaid loggers filling up the bar ending everything they say with "ay".  
There is no correlation between the name and the Deco period French Bistro look and feel inside.  Every time I've been there there has been a mellow jazz band playing so the atmosphere is great for relaxing with a date.  The cocktails are equally era appropriate.
As we were paying the bill I asked the server about the name.  He told me that nobody knows since the original owner sold it but their best guess is that it was inspired by French Canada...I don't know though.
Regardless, this is a place I'd return many times.Ah. What an interesting day.
My friend and I both had the day off, and decided on Caribou for lunch. I ordered one of the lunch specials, a crepe with olives, leeks and swiss cheese. It was so yummy, and the perfect amount of food. Lady friend had the omelette, which she added goat cheese. It was huge, and delicious. We were sitting outside on a gorgeous day, and were having a couple of boozy drinks. 
When we were finished with our meal and drinks, we were trying to get the waiters attention, and noticed him on the phone. When he finally came to our table, he handed me a note instead of our check and said "don't kill the messenger". Very confused, I open the note. It reads "Look across the street, wave and smile". Oh, how I did not want to look, but did out of curiosity. Sitting at a table outside of a pub, a few men sat, smiling and waving at us. One of the men proceeded to walk across Walnut street with whiskey in hand. Oh how very awkward that conversation was. 
If the waiter had been a little more prompt with the check, this would not have happened. So the food, very good. Service, a little slow. Atmosphere, great, but I will be avoiding the bar across the street, just sayin...The omlette was great and filling, the salmon flat bread was good too. There were not too many choices that fit my style on the menu but what u ordered ended up being good. Not sure if I would come back because I feel there not much more to try.steak tartare was fantastic. my husband got the burger - it was large, juicy, and came with remoulade he was happy! the whole scene felt like we were transported away as if we were going back in time at a french cafe, the way I felt when I saw Midnight in Paris. next time will try the duck pate sliders. Just wish it was good weather more often for this!Ok here, at happy hour, they have a cocktail de jour, I ordered one, then my French friend told me, de jour means only alcohol, I didn't know, I drand a cocktail made of vedka and matinee. And added a beer, I am druck at the daytime, it never happened before! And they are laughing at me but still, drink and burger is very good here. I love it.I despise this place with a passion!!!
WORST SERVICE EVER
 A few years back I had gone here on a semi-regular basis and thought the menu was great as well as the wine....WELL, that all changed after my last visit.
First, the menu had changed and didn't have many vegetarian options, but hey, this is a french restaurant so I considered that not unusual and scanned the new menu.  The only entree that offered hope was "pasta of the day"...usually this is the lame cop-out they offer vegetarians so I decided to ask the waitress about it.  She described the pasta as having a list of multiple veggies including "bruschetta": I figured "great! nothing like diced, seasoned tomatoes to add a nice touch."  Boy, was she wrong.  What she had meant to say was "proscuitto" but had pronounced it wrong.  When my pasta came out and I took a big ole' bite, I tasted something I hadn't had in a very long time....PORK! Not happy : (   
Soooo, when the waitress returned to ask how our food was I nicely explained the dilema (without even pointing out she had totally mispronounced proscuitto, hence the issue).  She was extremely rude, asked me what else I wanted, so I had no choice but to order a tomato soup and a side of asparagus.  Both were unseasoned and bland.  
So, this is where it gets really bad....are you ready? because this moment captures the worst service I've EVER received in a restaurant:  she brings out the bill with both the sides (fine) AND the uneaten pasta.  Still making an attempt to be civil I explain that I hadn't eaten the pasta and it wasn't what was described to me so she rolls her eyes, turns her back and returns with her manager who BRINGS THE PASTA IN A TAKE-OUT BAG and says "I'm sure your boyfriend would like to eat it"  I was in complete and utter shock, this did not just happen! I was so insulted that we just paid the bill and left (with said pasta sitting on the table)....my husband is a carnivore, but had eaten fish for dinner so this was just flat-out stupid assumption and extremely insulting, what? Did you think we were trying to pull a fast one?  The pasta was totally untouched, and your server didn't know how to pronounce proscuitto and that's MY FAULT?!!  Come on, how are you a manager when you don't know how to treat your customers?  Was I supposed to raise my voice and become insulting for you to do your job right?
NEVER AGAIN will I step foot into this establishment, in fact, I get so pissed every time I think about how badly we were mistreated there it makes me totally angry all over again....hence the review written years later because I have yet to get over it!This is a review for my Sips experience there. The staff was attentive and nice, which made me want to like the place more. I came a bit earlier than my group so I was just waiting, and the staff had no problem with that. They made sure I was okay and even came to ask if my group was this other group in the restaurant in case I missed them. After my group came and we settled down, our waiter informed us about what the sips specials were. I ordered the cocktail they were offering that day. I forgot what it was..something with pineapple and vodka. First round of drinks came out, and I was slightly disappointed with my drink. It tasted like straight up pineapple juice, and there was just so much ice. I finished my drink before I even knew it (I am not an alcoholic!!). I ordered another one to give it another shot, thinking maybe they were in a hurry and made a bad drink. So my second drink comes out, and it was a bit stronger than the first drink, but still tasted very much like just pineapple juice. I left feeling disappointed with our sips destination for the week! Maybe it was just my drink. Next time, I'll try their food and other drinks.went to caribou for the first time today and it was very enjoyable, i will definitely add it into my brunch rotation. the space is open, the bar is beautiful, and they had live jazz. there was an excellent beer selection, i went with the gavroche which was delicious. the service was also great, especially in light of the fact they there were two miserable french women at the table next to me who were so obnoxious i was tempted to stab them with my fork. luckily, i was too busy enjoying the delicious quiche du jour to be bothered, but the service i received was top notch. i think a good measure of service is how well a staff deals with difficult customers and i could not help but be impressed as these ladies made me cringe...and i only had to listen to them. anyway, i think the quiche was one of the best i have had in the city and would advise anyone to check out caribou for brunch or some drinks and food from the bar menu.   i have yet to eat dinner there so i can't comment on that, but looking forward to giving that a try as well.So, my review appears to be different from most of the ones I perused, but I'm still posting this. GREAT bar for a drink! Disclaimer: I have not actually eaten the food here, but I plan to in the near future since I will definitely be going back.
I love the laid back atmopshere of this French-esque cafe. It's a great place to grab a drink with friends (or alone!) and just people watch. The decor is spot-on and gives it that authentic cafe feel. I'm not super impressed with the service, which has not been the most attentive when I have been there, but not enough to discourage another visit.The place is cozy and friendly.  If I had the time and money I'd spend hours eating, drinking, and reading here or relaxing with friends.  Not terribly expensive, but a bit too high to make me a regular.
Drinks are good, from the aperitifs to the great wine list. I enjoyed my beouf bourginon thoroughly.  I got the pate du chef and was surprised that I like it very much--I'm not a fan of pate.  I saw the spinach and goat cheese that I almost ordered and was jealous of the people who got it.  Dessert was good.  The tart tartin was delicious.  My companion raved about his escargots and his salmon dish.  Just a light sprinkling of cheese on his whipped potatoes made him swoon.
The closest thing to criticism I can muster was the speediness of the service.  I would have preferred a bit more time between our aperitifs and first course and entree.  But it was restaurant week, and the place was packed, so leisurely meals aren't as easy.Caribou Cafe is a great place to grab a drink and people watch.  The 12th and Walnut location gets a total mix of pedestrians and its never a dull moment.  They have windows that open onto the street and about 8 two tops on the sidewalk.  My husband loves it because he can get his weird French digestifs and aperitifs like Pernod and Ricard -- all things that taste like licorice to me but he loves.   
They have a ton of inexpensive wines by the glass and usually some live music on Fridays or Saturdays in the form of a standing bass and guitar or something similar.  We end up there a lot because its a great place to hang out but not really a bar 'scene'.  
They have a $29 three course prix fixe which is average.  Their desserts are top-notch, very simple but well prepared.  I definitely recommend the chocolate mousse.  On their bar menu they have a croque monsiuer served with une petit salade et frites and it is the most perfect midnight snack for like $12.  So much better than the run of the mill wings or chicken fingers.  The decor is pretty French, borderline French bistro but actually nicer and a lot more open.It wasn't bad. It just wasn't great.  The menu has some classic French dishes like Niçoise salad.  And it is charming in a rundown French cafe sort of way.  But it's all just a little off.  I had the express lunch special (side salad and hanger steak with potatoes and green beans).  The salad was a little wilted and the dressing a bit plain.  The steak was better, but hardly dazzling. Would I give Caribou another try? Yes.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.My sister and I went to Caribou Cafe last night for dinner because she had received two gift certificates for free entrees there. We didn't know what to expect because of the mixed reviews we'd read, and after discussing what we would write about it on Yelp, I really hesitate to give this place more than two stars. 
Although the decor is quite nice and the wait staff seemed personable (our waitress was lovely), we were really disappointed in the quality of food and felt it was extremely overpriced for what it was. The wine list is decent, but again, too expensive for the quality. We started with the fennel, pear and almond soup which was actually quite good; unfortunately, the entrees were not. There are no vegetarian options at all (I knew this beforehand, but hey, free meal!), so I opted for the crab cakes. I really don't know how you can screw up crab cakes, but these were terrible. They were completely flavorless and I had to douse them with several lemon wedges to get any taste at all. The cakes weren't even properly breaded and were coated in this strange, thin, non-bread crust... it was odd. They were served with a very bland hollandaise sauce and some steamed spinach. I was very disappointed at the weak effort and high price ($27!) and have definitely made better ones at home for much less. Overall, a very boring dish. 
My sister ordered the special filet mignon, and was not thrilled about it. It was served with mashed potatoes and green beans. Although the steak was cooked perfectly and was very tender, she complained that the dish was very salty, and not worth the price. Again, we feel we could've had better if we'd made it at home. For dessert we split a creme brulee, which was decent, but nothing to scream about.  I really wouldn't recommend coming here unless you are heartset on overpaying for an uncreative, tasteless meal.Came here for restaurant week - escargot was delicious (although could have used a bit more texture) and trout almondine was cooked perfectly.  Tuna was also seared well in a bed of green.  Dessert was delectable.  Definitely one of the best French restaurants in Philly.  Go!This restaurant is in heart of center city with a pretty okay view from either inside or outside (open during hot months). I came here with a friend for dinner and we both got the steak frites which were amazing and cooked exactly how we each wanted.
We each also had a cocktail and this is the third one I had there and I must say they are all made perfectly with such great taste! They are pretty strong but you can taste the top shelf quality and great taste. The service was phenomenal and never did the waiter bother us or suggested things that we didn't want (this happens often in places). He came at the right time all the time!
I'm not sure about the whole, "feels like a cafe in Paris" so if that's what you're looking for maybe do Parc because it does not feel that way to me.
Great place!I'd like to preface this by saying that I'm both a culinary snob and regular at Caribou. And, I think some of the other reviewers are a bit harsh on the old Caribou. There are lots of mixed reviews of this place and I can understand why. In responding to this I want to touch on four things: The food, the prices, the atmosphere, and drinks.
The food while good, is not stellar. It's not Lebec Fin, it's not Parc, it's not even Bistro St Tropez. What you get at Caribou is simple bare bones French soup kitchen food. It's generally very subtle, made with fresh, high quality ingredients, and changes seasonally. Nothing on their menu is offensive, bold, or modern. It's perfect for a group of people with many different palates. 
The prices are to be expected for a center city restaurant on Walnut st. Sure, the food is very simple and perhaps bland to some, but you are getting very nice cuts of meat and fish. And, many of the entrees are actually a bargain. The duck or the choucroute (a selection of sausages cooked in dutch oven) for instance, are always delicious and well priced. During happy hour sliders are $3 each and wine is $4 a glass (cheap). 
The atmosphere is some of the most comfortable and soothing in center city. Perfect for having cocktails with a group of friends or an intimate night with your better half. But, there is one important thing to note about Caribou - it's right next to the Forrest Theatre. When the theatre lets out Caribou gets mobbed, and the service is sure to suck when that happens.
The drinks and cocktails are awesome. They have great beers and wines and make great St Germain cocktails (my favorite). The bar has really tasty peanuts on hand that go great with a beer or red wine. 
I think that many of the negative comments are fair. But, for all this Caribou is a great place and worth visiting again and again.This is a favorite to meet for dinner before theater. Location is great, service is very attentive and food is always good.This was my first time visiting Caribou and I thought it was a great first experience. We had brunch - and I thought the menu had lots of cute french items. Our drinks were nice and strong and my Jambon & Fromage crepe was very nicely prepared. My friend said his steak was prepared perfectly (on the rare side).
The service was great - not overbearing, but always available.
The decor was great, very cute and romantic with rich colors and interesting paintings. I would go again, and I would be curious to dine at night to see how the atmosphere changes from mid-day to night.Great find in Philly!  We were a group of 7 visiting the city and all enjoyed our food very much. The place looked good and the service was nice. Will visit again on my next visitI've been to Caribou twice now, once for drinks with colleagues after work, and once for a lunch with a meeting agenda attached to it.  I am no expert on French cuisine, but I don't think you have to be to get a feel for (or enjoy) a place like Caribou, which I feel is much more accessible than other french bistro-type restaurants.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS AND LAYOUT:
The facade of Caribou has some noticeable French style cues, and is pretty easy to locate, it's right there on Walnut and usually has people hanging outside in the warmer months.  Inside, the lighting and furnishings give a warm yellowish glow to the place (Alexandra T. says it was dingy, but that it added character-- a very accurate statement).  Tables are small and packed in, just like a traditional bistro, there is a bar downstairs, along with more open seating, and then additional seating upstairs, where it is a bit quieter and more intimate...good for dates and small get-togethers, but just OK for meetings (lighting and writing space isn't suited for it, but then again, that's not why we go to restaurants).
THE FOOD:
Is very good, it tastes authentic enough, it's presented very nicely and it comes out relatively quick.  I need to explore a bit more and expand my horizons, but I was very happy with what I got, but since I forget it's name and know 0 french, I won't even attempt to name it.  It is all a little pricey, it's not killer, but it was a couple bucks extra than what I had been expecting.  They do offer a very good variety of drinks, many of them rare, almost all of them are expensive as well.  
THE SERVICE:
I suppose it had something to do with showing up with so many people that one day after work, we had a good 15 or so people with no prior reservation, but I felt like the host was being a dick, his sarcasm and exasperation was hard not to notice...I'm not going to sit here on a high horse and say every person in the restaruant business needs to be super nice to everyone (we all know there is a vast majority of ignorant, absent-minded customers out there), but I think shitty attitudes can kill the experience, so it should be any host or waitor or bartenders top priority to keep it happy and positive.
THE VERDICT:
Excellent.  I wouldn't make this my new hangout, but at least now I know that if I'm in the area and I'm looking for a stylish french bistro, there is no guesswork to involve-- the answer is Caribou.  Definately worth checking out for lunch, dinner or drinks, I look forward to going back and exploring the menu a little more.Delicious food, especially the egg pasta special, but service was inattentive and slow enough that we won't go back.Visited here on a boring night during restaurant week mainly because they were one of few places offering a non prix fixe menu. 
We began our meal with some fantastic bread. Nothing special mind you, but still guite good. 
For our appetizer we split the mussels. Mussels are quite difficult to screw up, so every place in town generally has some pretty good mussels, but these were among the best. We ordered 2 more sides of bread to finishing mopping up the sauce. 
Our entrees were nothing special. I honestly can't even remember what we ordered. Just nothing worth noting. 
Our service was wonderful. Quick, cordial, even a bit chatty which can be fun.Dined al fresco for lunch, so lovely! The grilled salad was huge, delicious and well-dressed-- everything a good salad should be. Half a head of iceberg grilled and topped with portabella mushrooms, pears, onions and figs. Would definitely recommend as a safe bet for this restaurant which seems to have some seriously wavering reviews!I enjoyed this restaurant very much.  Service was ok.  The waiter forgot to bring my friend's food and did not split our checks as requested.  When I got my credit card bill at home I found that someone in this restaurant added some extra dollars to the tip!  This is stealing.  I contacted this owner 3 times to let them know.  Good food, nice atmosphere, leave tip on the table......Philly is a food city; it's also a drinking city (like our water supply blows over the legal limit...).  While good food and drink abounds, rarely here do you find the one ingredient that renders Caribou Café delightfully unique:  class. The staff is like family.  Young at heart, casually elegant, and all hipster-funny as hell.  The drinks - reasonably priced.  Admittedly I have yet to sample the menu as much as I have the spirits (**hiccup**), especially the champagnes.  But I will say this: the French onion soup and their fries? Rather orgasmic.  The split-level indoor seating, the outdoor patio, the easy breezy music (both indoor, awesome playlists and the incredible jazz ensembles) -all of it...dovetail to make a consistent 5 star experience.  Solaris, Suzanne, Brian, Ashley, Andy, Colleen, the entire staff.  They are like family to me.  In fact, when good news finds its way to me, I go out of my way to celebrate there.  Thanks, Caribou; this Yelp's for you all.I went to Caribou Cafe for lunch while in Philadelphia for the weekend. Nice atmosphere especially the outdoor seating with great people watching. If it weren't for that, it would have gotten only 1 star. 
Service was slow and our waitress seemed slightly bothered by our presence. The food was horrible. I ordered the quiche of the day, ham and Swiss, generally a good choice at a French bistro. Not that day at Caribou. The crust was burnt and the ham settled at the bottom. This quiche was a far cry from the quiche I had on a recent trip to Paris. 
Stop by on a nice day for a glass of wine, but go somewhere else for lunch or dinner.Went to caribou cafe for an early dinner this evening with my girlfriend. This is the third or fourth time we've eaten here, and it has always been decent, nothing mind blowing. We dined off of the bar menu as the dinner menu was not yet available.
To start, the french bistro decor is very soothing and smart. I'm a beer geek, and the couple drafts they had were eclectic and well chosen. The server had to check a few times to tell me exactly what the beers were but he was prompt about it. This was unfortunately the highlight of the experience.
We started with the french onion soup and a three cheese plate. The french onion soup was completely bland, I've had better at a diner. The soup was so thin it felt like drinking watered down stock. The cheese plate was equally boring with a slab of supermarket quality brie, morbier, and roquefort. The fig jam was smuckers quality, all sugar with none of that fig earthiness to balance it.
For main courses we had the croque monsieur and the wild boar ragout. The croque monsieur was a pathetic portion and the ham overpowered the cheese completely with a cloying sweetness. The wild boar ragout was just a textural failure. Mushy pasta paired with the already slow cooked boar and overcooked asparagus (haven't these guys ever heard of blanching?) It tasted like hamburger helper. I threw a few of my girlfriend's french fries in for a texture contrast, it helped a little.
The bill was pretty reasonable for Center City, but I still felt cheated because my meal was so terrible. Go for the bar, avoid the FOOD!I was very pleased to stumble upon this place purely by accident.  I was walking towards old city to meet up with some friends at Triumph and I had a couple hours to kill.  I went in and sat at the bar.  It's a very nice looking brasserie.  The bar seating is plentiful and the bartender was very nice.  This is a nice escape from the business of walnut st.  I ordered a glass of sauvignon which was pretty awful, it had a very thick flavor for a sauvignon.  I also didn't like the fact they had a ring on the glass to make sure the bartenders are not too generous.  I mean this seems a little bit uptight for a casual bistro.  Everyone's entitled to a healthy pour on a Tuesday afternoon.  Overall, I was pretty disappointed with the wine by the glass menu.  I ordered the duck confit with lentils, which was a nice light lunch portion of perfectly cooked duck with crispy skin and a nicely seasoned portion of lentils. This was a good dish, but I think a little overpriced ($18) for a small lunch portion.  I also tried the squash soup (I think?).  It was their soup of the day.  It was not memorable and had a very dull flavor instead of a rich flavor, probably could have used a bit more butter.  I loved the french fries they were served with some type of seasoned mayo and I could have been perfectly happy with just eating these.  The gal next to me ordered the muscles with a curry sauce.  It smelled amazing and it took everything in me not to ask her for a taste of it.  I'll have to order it next time.  They did have Guiness on tap which is always a plus.  They also seemed to have a nice selection of beer.  I only wish their wine list was as accomodating.  Overall a very good place.  I'll go back again.  This place probably deserves 3.5 stars.So there place has been here for quite a while now which, you know, tells you something.  Plus they have a nice collection of posters.  Most important, they have Kronenbourg on tap, which seems to me essential for a France-like French bistrot or cafe or brasserie here in the E-U.  They also have a lot of classic French bistrot/cafe/brasserie food.  Not just croques (mesdames et messieurs), but moules frites (although I think they are referred to as mussels.  I think they taste better when you call them moules.  Anyhow, they have them, and that is good.  They also have flammenkuchen, which is really better than pizza.  Is this flammenkuchen as good as you can find in Alsace?  How do I know -- Ashe County's sister city in France is Paris, not Strasbourg (and don't we love it when they roll up that big plane at CLT to take us over there for the annual twinned-cities fellowship meeting).  Which is to say, if the comparison is Paris, then I think they are about at the level of the flammenkuchen at La Compagnie des Crepes, in Cour St Emilion -- at least before they closed.  (Hey, I enjoyed it there!)
From what I have seen and tasted, the food here is good, or good enough.  I mean, honestly, does anybody really go to France for the food?  Sure, you can eat some amazing things in a Michelin starred restaurant, and the cheap cheese and bread is fantastic elsewhere, but in between it's hit or miss.  A steack frites is about an attitude, not a good piece of meat.  Ambience.  Caribou Cafe has the posters and the Kronenbourg on tap, and the right foods, so it's up to us to do the rest.I've been here before and have never been really impressed. The food is good but the service is still inconsistent. The woman who waited on us today was extremely rude to us more than once! I will not be going back.Went here with my grandparents after seeing a walnut theatre play. When walking in it has a weird feel I can't explain it, it has a very unique design which was very interesting to me. I'm not a fan of French food but the food here was really good! They did have American food but put their own twist on it which I loved! As appetizers for the table we got escargot which was good ( it's snails ). We also got 2 Caesar salads for the table, which was surprisingly very delicious ( besides the olives hate olives ). For dinner I got the Caribou caffe burger with just bacon and cheese which without a doubt is one of the best burgers I've had. I got it with Brie cheese which worked really well with the beef and bacon very delicious. Unfortunately I was completely full by the time dessert came :( The food was amazing the service was pretty ok, and the decor and surrounding was very unique.