Update: came back because I had forgotten my previous experience. Once again service was slow and bad. The table next to me ha to wait so long to order they ended up ordering to go and still had to wait to over an hour for food. As for me, I ordered the blackened tilapia Benedict. When it arrived, I pointed out to the server that it was pink and didn't look like tilapia. He assured me it was. After tasting it and confirming my suspicions that it was salmon, I told the server and was informed that they must have run out of tilapia. No other options (reordering) or discounts were offered.
I really wanted to like this place, hoped it could be my new neighborhood bar. But the service was horrible, I would have ordered much more if any of the servers that walked by had actually stopped to ask. I also made the mistake of ordering the Caesar salad. I don't normally have high expectations for a Caesar salad to begin with, but this managed to still fall short with plain, wilted iceberg lettuce and that's about it. The music in Tuesday night was great, which is why it got two stars...This place is no more Cajun then McDonald's! I'm from the south and visiting your nice city of Philly. So I thought I would entertain the idea of coming to a Cajun restaurant in the middle of Philly. Yeah no! Might as well convert The Joint to Philly cheesesteak restaurant and compete with everybody else. Just because it's different than Salt and Pepper doesn't mean it's spicy just saying! If you want real Cajun go to Louisiana. The Catahoula family is nowhere near Louisiana more like Pennsylvania.Amazing food! I was born in Louisiana and lived there for ten years and always loved Cajun food. I thought Becks in reading terminal was the closest to Cajun I was gonna get IN Philly but Catahoula proved me wrong! The food is so Authentic and yummy. I tried the hush puppies, duck jambalaya, chicken étouffée and all were so tasty too. I also tried a taste of the seafood jambalaya and shrimp étouffée and they were tasty as well. The duck has a perfectly crispy skin and very tender juicy meat that just falls off the bone. Only gripe is how small this place is, not much seating and it's more like a sports bar.My friend was in from NY and we couldn't decide where to go for brunch and didn't want to walk too far. After an hour long discussion deciding between green eggs, Sabrina's, and cafe lift, we decided to try something closer probably with a much shorter wait. 
The restaurant was somewhat small with only one waiter. He informed us he was making Siracusa Bloody Mary's. The special was 11 dollars and included a beer. We all ended up getting a burger that had goat cheese, bacon, fried green tomatoes, BBQ aioli and came with creole spiced fries. It was absolutely delicious! I will definitely be back to try a po-boy!Quality food and drink in a great part of town.
Catahoula has a creole/cajun theme thing going on: po' boys, gumbo & such. The food is good. Real good. You won't go wrong with their "My Burger". It can go up against most, if not any, burger in the city. 
Don't expect some obscene eighteen page beer menu here, they have a handful of taps and maybe a dozen different bottles. They are all quality picks and range in a variety of styles. The bottle selections are heavy on the Abita in keeping with their theme, which is fine by me. 
Aside from the food and drink, what makes the Catahoula experience so enjoyable for me is the bar itself and its location. It has the coziness of a small corner bar, but is ample enough to handle a decent enough crowd. If it had a fireplace, it's the kind of place you would never want to leave come winter. Yes, it's that charming. It's a good place to watch a game and they're always playing great music too. 
The place is a gem which has rekindled my love of Queen Village.
I like it so much that come to think of it, forget you read this review!
Nothing to see there.....just move along. ;)The food was good and so was the service, but what we found to be extremely obnoxious was the fact that the owners were sitting behind us. It was super awkward. The ninety year old lady in their party kept turning around and giving my husband and I dirty looks. We are patrons, out to have a decent meal and a nice time. Not sure what her problem was, they were speaking Hebrew and we could not understand what they were saying about us, but we felt as though we were being racially profiled by the owners for being Latino. We enjoyed the food and drinks, but on principle, we won't frequent there.I am from Louisiana so I know what I am talking about when it comes to the cuisine. Catahoula is WONDERFUL! From the ambiance, the beer and spirits to the food, this place is great. I wish I lived in the neighborhood because they would see me every night! WHO DAT!1 star for food.  I cannot rate the entire place because I have not eaten inside since it became Catahoula.  I was not even planning to write this, but the private message I sent to the place has gone unanswered for almost a full month.
My husband bought us gumbo and bisque to go.  Of all dishes, you would think that a nice New Orleans style restaurant should be able to deliver on these.
Both dishes were inedible.
The gumbo was basically sausage and rice.
The roux for the bisque was not reduced so it tasted only of flour.
We put both into the garbage disposal:(.I travel a lot for work. A few years back I spent six months in New Orleans. I tried a lot of Jumbalaya and gumbo all over the French Quarter while I was there. Tonight I flew into Philly and I ate at Catahoula after reading the reviews on Yelp. The meal I ate tonight was just as good as anything I ate in New Orleans. The Gumbo was delicious and the Duck Jumbalya was delectable. I highly recommend this place.Amazing!  We would definitely come back again!
I found out about Catahoula from Groupon.  We got a great spend $20 and get $40 worth of food deal.
We went on a Sunday morning for their brunch menu.  The employees (chef, Kitchen staff, and bartender) were all very nice.  My husband and I ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes and the Eggs Benedict platter, that had the fried oysters in it.  That food was crazy good!!  Hot, fresh and great flavor!
The only negative thing...we ordered a cup of the gumbo to go.  When we got home and reheated it, we realized it was seriously burnt.  It probably was the bottom of the pot soup left over from the night before.  Although, that was gross, that wouldn't stop me from going back to try it again in a fresh batch.
We loved this place.This review is a little late. But I've been coming to Catahoula for about 5-6 years and since they went under new management everything is good. They even have a good bartender that can make a good iced tea. The food was delicious the service was exceptional. And yes I'm going back maybe 2 times a week if not more. Thank You new management for bringing that good Cajun food back.We discovered Catahoula's after being turned away from The Village Belle on a Sunday around 3pm and almost passed right by. It doesn't come across as a restaurant because of the Catahoula sign with the dog logo on it and maybe that's why it's so special- it's def. a neighborhood gem and this little Southern Belle was more than pleased to discover the New Orleans menu, which btw, since we arrived at 3, we could choose anything from the brunch or dinner menu- an extra bonus! We've since been here several different times and have tried a majority of the menu.
Hushpuppies (the best- spicy and larger than usual). Ghouda Grits (um, ghouda in my grits- yes, please!). Bacon-braised Collard Greens (they don't make them w/out bacon down south!). The hubby gets a "my burger" all the time and loves it.  
We were there for Valentine's Day because 1) they don't change the menu to some lame V-day menu and 2) they don't take reservations. We started with the hushpuppies (delicious again!) and fried green tomatoes (cut a little too thick, but tasty and spicy with the green onion aioli) I got the blackened snapper, truffled mushroom grits, ragout of crab, leeks, fennel & creole tomatoes and the hubby got the duck jambalaya (he loved it). 
Our favorite thing to do here is to order the peel-n-eat shrimp in creole spices/oil and a side of the ghouda grits. Peel some shrimp, put that on the grits, and then dip a forkful in to the oil. You will be praising little baby Jesus that you read this and tried it. I've never had their version of the shrimp and grits because this is honestly all I can think of. In fact, you can make a meal out of that alone between two people and be pretty satisfied!
Great beer list, too, (I love Abita brews!) and the service is always nice and casual (in a good way).
Special note: There are about 7 tables in the restaurant, so I would choose a not-so-busy time if you don't want to wait. The bar is long though, and usually has seating available. There's also an awesome patio!I thoroughly enjoyed Catahoula for brunch this weekend and want to be back asap to drink and get some po boys. The beer menu was extensive with good brews and good prices and our food was fantastic. 
We got some "big papa's folded eggs" which won me over with its goat cheese and creole sauce, and the eggs benedict that came with whole fried oysters and tasty tasso ham. You would never expect a fried oyster on there but it looked like the winner of this brunch party. The potatoes that came with both were seasoned really well. 
Prices were more than what was on their site and more than they should be for brunch so I was a tad grumpy about that, but it wasn't anything astronomical at least. My folded eggs probably shouldn't have been $14 especially when the benedict was too with fried oysters on it. Think they need to reevaluate the menu in that aspect, but they should leave the cheaper beer menu alone ;-)
Our server was spot on being friendly and helpful, but not in our face. The place was a bit smaller and not as fun as I was expecting it to be on the inside and our table was pretty much overlapping the bathroom/storage closet so I'm going for 4 stars for that. The chef also felt the need to come out and stare at us for a few minutes so he prevented that precious 5 star badge, but that's ok, he made some bangin food.Take out only review:
I ordered an oyster po'boy to go. It was disappointing, bland and over priced. Three very measly and limp fried oysters- and I only live about two blocks away, so it didn't stay wrapped up for very long. Much rather have the oyster po' boy from reading.Yummy food, definitely want to come back.
Stopped in on a warm weeknight and got an outside table right away.  The outside tables are set in a little lot next to the bar.  Strings of lights hang overhead between the bar and the building next door.  It's a perfect little nook for pretending you're somewhere else.  However, within a few minutes, one of the servers came out and opened two cabinets attached to the building, revealing two flat-screen TVs playing the Flyers game.  I found this strange and it definitely killed my atmosphere enjoyment a bit.  I'm not sure what their angle is here.  Are they trying to make it a cajun sports bar?  I sure hope not, but that's just me.  Not that I wouldn't come back if it was sports oriented, that just isn't at the top of my list of favorite eating/drinking atmospheres.
However, the food was delicious.  We started with the Creole Remoulade Shrimp.  Delish.  I had the duck jumbalya.  It was awesome.  It is served as a whole duck leg set on top of the rice/sausage/veg mixture.  This wasn't what I expected, but once I tasted it, I didn't care. Rich, deep flavor, yummy as hell.  My partner got the blackened trout, which was also really good.  I'm not a huge fish person and I rarely order it out, but I would order this next time I visit.  We also get a side of cornbread - butter, honey, delicious, done.  We finished with the bananas foster bread pudding which was ridiculous.  Dense, gooey, sweet, HUGE!  I had some serious guilt after eating it, but it was worth it.
Service was good, but a little...frantic?  It seemed like there were only two guys bartending and waiting the tables and there was a lot of running back and forth.  Each seemed to be waiting on our table and were often crossing each other's paths with drink orders.  But, they were very nice and food and drinks came out quickly.  Maybe they just need a little time to get into a rhythm.
Bottom line = check it out and I will be back!Food was pretty good. Service was decent. The wait for food was forever!! I order 3 dishes and it came 45 mins later. I had to constantly remind them to check in my food. They need some serious reorganization in the kitchen because the small restaurant was packed and food were coming out really slow. They work in one ticket at a time.Overpriced sandwich. Oyster po boy had 3 oysters in it, on a large hoagie. Disappointed to say the least.I almost forgot what Louisiana food tastes like...  This place is the closest you can get to New Orleans food in Philly.  
I went with the acadian gumbo and andouille sausage sandwich.  The gumbo was very good.  A little bit of a misnomer, considering that it's called acadian gumbo.  For an acadian (near Lafayette, more western Louisiana) gumbo, it was a little watery and needed a little bit more okra.  It was closer to New Orleans gumbo.  I also asked for either Tony Chachere's or Zatarain's creole seasoning which they didn't have.  But whatever, it was very good.  And for me, beggars can't be choosers.  The andouille sausage sandwich was excellent too.
Most importantly, this place has my 2 favorite beers of all time.  Abita Amber and Abita Purple Haze.  Both can be found in every establishment in Louisiana but nearly impossible to find here.  I'll definitely be coming here for pre-drinking or watching some football.
Also, I'll definitely be coming back for their dinner menu which has etouffee and jambalaya.   
One big negative: I came here for a Saturday late lunch.  The tv had a hockey game on when a southern bar definitely should have SEC football on every TV.  But I guess you can't replicate college football saturday above the mason-dixon line.
Overall, compared to a touristy french quarter restaurant, I'm giving this place 4.5 stars.  If this place was located in uptown New Orleans, this place would get 3.5 stars.  In Philadelphia, where the only competition is Cafe Nola, I'm rating this place 5+ stars.Once again Yelp has led me to a gem I would otherwise never have found. I visit Philly 4-6 times a year so I'm always on the lookout for new places. Catahoula is a great place to chill. I loved the outdoor patio and the Bourbon Peppercorn Steak was simply mind blowing. I figured I'd get a so-so steak with some sauce and that would be it. Holy cow, was I wrong! I ordered the steak medium and it came out perfect. Tender and juicy with an amazing explosion of taste from the mushroom ragout topped with the bourbon peppercorn sauce. It blew my expectations away. I also had a side of seafood jambalaya that was very tasty and nicely seasoned with the Cajun spices. The staff was attentive and very friendly without crossing the line of being overly bothersome. I had a great experience and as I promised Ashley (the bartender), I'll be be sure to visit Catahoula on my next trip to Philly!Catahoula is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. It's a great neighborhood spot with great beer selection and incredible food. If you haven't been here go ASAP. They also have outdoor seating which is great when the weather is right.Fantastic spot on south front street in queen village.  Incredible menu.  Just about all on the menu is mouth watering.  Ed MThis is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia at the moment. I have dined at Catahoula three times now and enjoy it more every time . Iam experienced in cajun style food and can say they execute this menu very well. I know they are consistent because I tend to get the same thing every time. My only peeve with the place is the amount of seating. Seeing as that the warmer months are approaching the outdoor seating will be utilized and accommodate more customers. I went there on Fat Tuesday and well I had to just leave due to no seating, I was sad :( But anyways..I highly recommend this place. THEIR GUMBO IS ACTUALLY BLACK UNLIKE OTHER RESTAURANTS IN THE CITY.....I also suggest ordering the po boy, jambalaya, hush puppies, creole shrimp. Keep up the great work!So stumbled on this place by chance. Had planned to go to Ms Toosties on south street. But they were closed. And I'm honestly happy they were!!! This place was great!! The hush puppies were great. I got the open face chicken biscuit sandwich and it was to die for!! So well seasoned it was huge but I couldn't finish even though I def tried! And I also got the smoked Gouda grits! Great! Lastly the bread pudding I got to go... reheated a couple days later and still prob as good as if I woulda ate it there. I HIGHLY recommend this place if your in the area!the blacken chicken po boy with aged cheddar was incredible. ON SARCONES BREAD. i think anything is improved by sarcones bread, but the ingredients aside were excellent on their own (damn you, carb-conscious diet). i opted not to have beer at the time but i noted several offerings that will be perfect on my next visit.
i also tried the duck jumbalaya, which had a nice kick to it. the duck was cooked to perfection.Things I like:
- Unapologeticly  New Orleans -- no dumbing down of flavors. 
- Adaptable for vegetarians
- A full cast of Abita beers available on tap and in bottle. They carry seasonals. 
-Good specials during Phillies games
-They've had Straub on tap in the past. This is a sign of very good judgment. 
-Breezy outdoor space with pretty, festive lighting.
-They threw a fun Mardi Gras party!
My pick: Truffled mushroom flatbread, one huricane, followed by two ice cold Jockamo drafts
My correction: A Sazerac is not a Manhattan with Sambuca.Things that are terrible: getting your car towed for no good reason.
Things that make it just a bit better: brunch at Catahoula.
I'm already an avid fan of dinner here, but breakfast was beyond delicious. The buttermilk cornmeal flapjacks are unlike any other pancakes I've had before; super thick, slightly crunchy, both sweet and savory in the same bite. No syrup needed, though the bit of fresh fruit on top is nice.
For $9 you can also get a crazy good deal on brunch specials: choice of an entree and side, plus a select draft beer.Food was awesome.  
Jambalaya, cheese balls, shrimp po boy were all amazing.
Not crowded for a Saturday night. 
Good people.I have never been to New Orleans, so I don't claim to be an expert on Cajun food.  However, I am an expert re: picking up on when the people who work in a restaurant want me to have a good time and come back.  Our bartender/waitress was extremely friendly, polite, and helpful -- and she even gave me a headsup about a big traffic problem that I was able to pass on to my two buddies who were still driving to the restaurant.
Chef Dave ain't messing around.  Is he making sure stuff is being done right in the kitchen?  Sure. But, he is also out and about in the dining room to make sure you know what to order and how to order it. Food allergies -- even complicated ones?  Not a problem -- bring it.  He will tell you exactly what he can and cannot do.  
We all enjoyed our food (etoufee, shrimp & grits, po' boy, appetizers, dessert, beer).
The place is very clean.  The bathroom is very clean, too -- always a big plus for me.  
They have outside seating in warm weather, too.  We'll be back!I had high hopes for Catahoula, but sadly left a little disappointed. 
I loved the atmosphere and if I lived close by, I could see it as a place I would frequent for spur of the moment drinks. I had a Pimm's cup, which I've had previously at Hop Sing Laundromat. The drink was not nearly as good as Hop Sing, but then again I don't know that this is a fair comparison.
For apps we ordered fried green tomatoes and hushpuppies. The tomatoes had too much breading for how thin the slices were, and the hushpuppies...I actually like the one's at Long John Silver's better. Sigh. I'm terrible.
My boyfriend ordered a burger and didn't seem disappointed or impressed with it. It was $13, which is a bit pricey imo.
I originally wanted to order shrimp and grits, but the collards have bacon in them. I asked the bartender if it was possible to get them without bacon, and was told I could just eliminate the collards all together. I decided to get the New Orleans shrimp. The sauce and rice was yummy, although the rice portion was really small. Piled on top was braised cabbage and bacon. It wasn't listed on the menu, and I was upset that it was given to me, after I had just finished saying I don't eat bacon. Annoying.
I'll give it another shot, but they better not give me bacon.I visited last night with my good friend Lauren. I heard about the "My burger" and wanted to check it out.   Catahoula is a small, welcoming bar tucked away on south front street.  The beer list has some good craft beers on tap; its nothing you won't around the city but even with six taps we were both able to find something to enjoy. Straub, Six Point, Dark Horse and Abita were all represented. 
The atmosphere here is great. Its not a big place, but there a nice long bar with about six tall four top tables around the rest of the room. There are several large flat screens, and all were playing sports while we were eating. This would be a great place to causally catch a game if you want to escape the normal monotony of a sports bar. The service was good, and the bar tender was helpful and welcoming. I can't completely put my finger on it, but something about Catahoula is welcoming and inviting. 
The menu here is great and I'd like to visit again to try some of the Cajun offerings. But the purpose of this visit was to try the "My burger."  Its a massive 9 oz patty cooked to order topped with goat cheese, bacon a fried green tomato and some kind of aioli.  I generally don't go for goat cheese on a burger, or in general, but I was really surprised by it.  I highly recommend trying it when you visit.
Honestly, this burger has too much going on.  I recommend getting something more simple.  One of the reasons is because the meat is delicious.  It's excellently prepared ground beef, and my medium-rare was as truly cooked as medium-rare can be.  The bun was a large, squishy buttery role that was the prefect delivery method for the patty.  The bacon and fried tomato were a little bit of flavor overkill.  THe cajun fries served with the burger are strong and flavorful.  My only other complaint is that at 9 oz, even I had trouble polishing it off.
Bottom Line: Catahoula servers a great burger, and I like this spot.  It's a little more pricey than I would like, but I'm still going to make this a to go spot.This is going to be a "get off my lawn" type of review. Food was really good, no complaints, quick service. I would have like food to come out in steps instead of all at once. 
Now for the negative- Maybe my expectations were off based. It is a bar after all. We just weren't looking for a loud obnoxious crowd. There were two young teenagers at table when 3 crude barely 21 year olds came in and sat at bar. Clearly drinking all day and made that known to staff. Likely could have been flagged somewhere else. Regardless, wouldn't have been a big deal if they weren't swearing every 2 seconds. F this, F that, F you....  Now, in theory this isn't the staff's fault but it was under their control. Don't serve them, ask them politely to watch the language, keep it down a little, and lastly............ do not do shots with them!  Not looking to get anyone fired, as she did a good job waiting on us but her comment that those 3 were what she was waiting for all night instead of boring customers was a bit out there. If you want good food and aren't an old fuddy duddy like me, this is a great place. Authentic New Orleans food, small dining area, great decor. If you don't want to dodge F bombs, order take out. It really is worth it.
Update-Gave it another try bc I love Cajun fare. Walked in around 11:30, sat down, bartender brings menu and explains the cook can make burgers or chicken fingers, left. If you have a late night menu, it should include items that match the whole reason most people would come in.The Shrimp and Grits was on point. I didn't want it to end. Warm and friendly staff. Definitely will be backCatahoula,oh Catahoula, after glowing recommendations (and hearing your name glide off my tongue), I had such high hopes. Perhaps the hush puppies were not flavorful enough without the dipping sauce, perhaps the blackened chicken flat bread was not "blackened" enough (I hate when people/restaurants think that the term "blackened" is synonymous with "slightly burnt") and was slightly mushy. To be fair, nothing was horrible but, on the other hand, nothing was memorable. It was all very meh.... but then again my friend thoroughly enjoyed his burger and the person who recommended Catahoula also raved about the burger so....I'm thinking I should have ordered the burger?I would give them 3.5 if I could. Fun , simple Cajun food, not overdone.  Awesome service, biz casual bar atmosphere.  We tried a bunch of sides and enjoyed them all, pickled veggies were good and interesting.The closest thing to Nola in the city!!! The entire staff is absolutely amazing!!!! Food is phenomenal!They have a brunch menu and an additional "Kegs and Eggs" menu on the weekends where you can pick a brunch entree and a draft beer for a sweet sweet price. I picked something off their regular brunch menu-- including the green fried tomatoes which were tart that was nice and crispy. The smoked gouda grits tickled everybody at the table. And this place was laid back, with no wait on a Saturday. I appreciate that.After having been here three times (November/April/August), I was disappointed by the service and food we had the 4th of August. 
The first time we visited catahoula was a great experience, from the service to the food. The second time, the service was somewhat lacking and the waitress seemed pretty grumpy to have us, but the food was great. 
This past Sunday however was pretty bad. We arrived and the bartender told us we could have a seat in the back. It then took ten minutes to get menus and water (I had to go inside to ask). Meanwhile the bartender came outside to grab mint from the plant box behind us and never acknowledged the fact that we hadn't been seen by a server yet. 
Besides that, we ordered our food and I got the Etoutffée (which I had had before) and my boyfriend got chicken wings. The étouffée was by far the least flavorful thing I've had. It was incredibly watery and the shrimp were unseasoned. The first time I had it here it was incredible. This time not so much. They were busy that night, so I suspect they were running low on the sauce and just kept adding water to it. 
The chicken wings were incredibly dry and under-seasoned. Our server never came back to check on how the food was until we piled up our plates at the end of the table.
Dessert? Well when we asked our server for chocolate walnut pie, he said they were out of it, and in fact they were probably out of all the desserts. But he didn't erase them from the board after being done saying so. Leaving him for a night of awkward "sorry, we're out if it" s.
I'm willing to be lenient because I'm a server myself, it seemed to be a busy night for them. Perhaps hiring a host or having a manager there would be helpful. A busser would be helpful tool (dirty plates stayed on empty tables long after customers were gone). But I could not forgive the poor quality of the food. It was bland and a downright embarrassment to Cajun cuisine. This third venture there was for sure our last.I kind of loved this place.  
I heard about Catahoula from a co-worker of my mother's.  She was talking all about it and I had to admit that I had never even heard of it.  I felt ashamed and unworthy of my "Elite" status.  But I bookmarked it and carried on....knowing I would make it there eventually. 
Well I did!  Me and fellow Yelp friend, Lana F., chose it to celebrate early Thanksgiving on a cold and rainy Tuesday night.  When I finally arrived after a soggy wait at the bus stop and then eventual cab ride, Lana was perched at her bar stool, 1/2 a beer and an order of Hush Puppies deep.  She had gotten a head start....darn it! 
As it turns out, I had another reason to celebrate that evening - I gave notice at my current job earlier that day in order to start a new leg of my career and was in a jolly mood.  I immediately informed the bartender and ordered up two glasses of bubbly.  He congratulated me and gave us the two most generous pours of champers I have seen outside of my own living room!  Thank you, kind sir! 
After quick inspection of the menu,  I placed my order of boneless hot wings (HH priced at $5!) and a cup of gumbo.  I asked about the size of a cup vs a bowl and the bartender was good enough to let me know that a cup was a really nice serving and he was right - the "cup" was way more like a bowl and it was perfect.  The wings were HOT.  My nose was running, I was sweating and they were just what I needed after coming inside from the rain.  My Abita Amber was the perfect accompaniment as it helped me keep eating and eating.  The gumbo was super tasty and chock full of deliciousness - sausage, chicken, ham, rice - all the goods!  Lana had the HH fried oysters ($5) and a cup of the Crawfish Bisque which she gave thumbs up to and mentioned it had a nice kick to it.  
But friends, we didn't stop there!  As the bar got increasingly crowded, we continued to imbibe and then ate again!  Lana the grits, me the pecan pie and an Abita Turbo Dog while I was at it!.  We just couldn't seem to get enough of Catahoula.  
It was tough to leave this warm and inviting place especially knowing we were going back out to the rain but Lana plans to bring her hubs back and I plan to tag along so it shouldn't be too long until we're back on the bar stools trying some more yummy Cajun food!   This place is definitely worth checking out and then returning!Ok. Seriously I don't know where to begin! I guess I'll start with Adam. Super cool super friendly waiter/bar matron. He always make sure our orders are right and he makes the drinks exactly how my wife and I like them. Next the food! The food is ridiculously ridiculously ridiculous good!!!!!!. I mean hands down some of the best food we've ever had, we've been here 3 times in a months time and have had at least 9 different dishes and everything is great!! From the Mac and cheese balls to the catfish to bbq chicken to fried shrimp to the steak to the onion rings to the list goes on! Everything in this place is beyond delicious! My wife and I will return very soon with friends because there's no way we can keep this gem to ourselves! My only wish is that they would allow the mix drinks to be a tad bit stronger. Other then that if I could give this place 10 stars  I would it's that great!!!My friend lives nearby so I met up with her at Catahoula one Saturday night to have a few drinks and catch up. I knew the place was small since I had been to the previous incarnation for dinner. The new look is much more  laid back and it had a friendly neighborhood vibe. I think everyone there that night was from Queen Village, maybe from not many blocks away. We sat at the bar and had drinks and some food.
The cocktails are great. They're classics without any of the high concept crap some places thinks makes them better neither are they too sweet or too cute. They drink easy. Have a few and you're back in the old French Quarter with gentlemen in cravats talking business in the dining halls of that fair city.
We had some food because just alcohol won't do. I had a "cup" of the gumbo. The broth was intense and heavy with roux. I thought I ordered a "cup" but it came in a bowl and was rife with sausage and seafood bits that make all good gumbo. At $5 it was a steal. My friend had some of the flatbreads they said were good, but really, who messes up flatbread?
The TVs are annoying. It's like the place can't decide what it wants to be. If its an upscale neighborhood sports bar with great New Orleans food, then that's fine but they will only pull in certain clientele. Maybe that's the intention. I don't know. I'm curious to try the food but I'll try and go when there isn't a game on.
Bartenders were really nice.Had a little mishap with the computer system the night I went, effectively delaying the service by about an hour. Waiter apologized, gave us a free round of beers, and we got on with our lives.
asked for a blackened catfish po-boy. Not quite like the ones back in NOLA or Houston, but hey, not bad. I'll try a regular one next time. However, I was a fan of the fried pickles. They had a heavy cornmeal breading/batter...could not stop snacking on them.
Like the general vibe. I will be going back again.I went here with a friend from a Groupon we purchased. The wait staff was very kind and welcoming. The service was speedy for a bar. Now the food... EVERYTHING!! I ordered the fried catfish plate. It was AMAZING! They fill the plates up until they spill over. All the Cajun flavors were in every bite. I would definitely recommend this restaurant/bar.Awesome is all I can say-:)
Great atmosphere. Quaint location great service.  Just as good as being in NOLA!This place is a hidden gem! I first found it while running in the neighborhood and then found an AmazonLocal deal for there! The food is amazing and comparable to the flavors you will find in New Orleans without all the heat (unless you request it). My boyfriend and I went and sat at the bar. The bartender was great and chatted with us throughout the night! He took note of my boyfriend's Flyer's hat and put the game on the tv in front of us without being asked. The smothered chicken and the RIBS were so freaking good. I love this place and will definitely be back!Cool little spot with nice outdoor seating.  I didnt eat (got some fries at the bar) so this review is based on my experience while having a few drinks and watching the Phillies and Sixers.  
The beer selection is good.  A full lineup of Abita beers goes hand in hand with the creole theme.  The Abita beers are good, but a little overpriced at $5.  Still though, it could be worse.  They also had 4 rotating beers on tap and some other various cans and bottles.  The place was crowded but not packed.  Exactly how you want a bar to be.  
The food being served around us looked delicious and I'll be back to test it out.I came here last night for dinner around prime dinner time and was able to get a table outside in their cozy courtyard/alley set up. 
Our server, can't remember his name unfortunately, was on point. As soon as the word "recommend" came up, he blurted Duck Jambalaya. I love that. All too often, you get an answer with a question "well...what do you like?" I mean I understand, but once in a while a girl likes to be told what she likes, know what I mean? 
He also steered us towards the craw-fish bisque, which was excellent. Also on our food bill was the catfish po'boy, delicious.   The catfish was cooked perfectly, not too fish-n-chip-ish.  The bread, as soon as I touched it I knew we would get along.  And the U-pick'em shrimp. Pick'em I did. Also yummy. 
For dessert, also recommended by our server, we had the bread pudding banana foster. By the end of the meal, I would've called him daddy. I'm reserving a star though in my pocket though, because it was only our first date and I have to see if Catahoula pleases me the second go round.My husband and I had previously dined (about 1 yr ago) at Catahoula and had a wonderful experience; the food was exceptional! For Memorial day, we were craving some creole food and thought it would be a great idea to go back. Unfortunately our latest experience was nowhere near as good as our last. 
We ordered the fried oyster appetizer which came out slightly cold. The oysters had green goo running out of them which turned me off however, to the restaurants defense evidently its natural and can depend on what the oyster was feeding on. The shrimp and grits also came out cold but the BBQ came straight off the grill. Overall the food was only ok (like a 2 star where before I would have given them 4.5). 
To top it off they only had one server working and he was also the bartender. The poor guy really seemed stretched thin as he tried to manage all his tables; they really should have given him some assistance. 
Needless to say, we are bummed about the restaurant from this last experience and it would deter me from coming back in the near future.Dropped in the other night to watch the Flyers game and answer a po'boy craving. I found the space almost empty, but perked up when the game special was $3 Chicory Stout. My friend arrived, and we stayed at the bar, both ordering oyster po'boys.
The sandwiches did not disappoint. A crumbly yet soft roll could not contain an ample pile of perfectly fried oysters. The tangy remoulade worked well despite not being as spicy as I'd prefer. I got mine with fries, as I'm usually wary of the side salad being handful of wilted lettuce doused in vinaigrette. But my friend's side salad was no joke, a serious caesar salad that could easily be a starter.
The space has a nice neighborhood bar feel, and multiple TVs to watch the game. Our bartender was attentive and friendly, and the cook popped out to ask how our food was. If I live a bit closer, it would probably be a regular haunt for me.Received Groupon = motivation to go here. Creole cuisine...yes, please.
It's in a quaint residential neighborhood, which unfortunately means the parking is horrendous, but we were not going to be deterred. Upon entering, we noticed it is much smaller than we expected; it definitely has a neighborhood feel. We got a table in the back by the kitchen and ordered some beer they had on tap....probably a Kenzinger or something, nothing crazy.
The food. Oh my. The Duck Jumbalaya was phenomenal. Spicy, hearty, flavorful, texture is right on, and it looks pretty. :) Also, the gumbo is quite different and delicious. It is a little more loose than your typical gumbo, very, very dark, and a little salty. Try it, it is worth it. 
I would definitely revisit for some more jumbalaya. Also, it looks like there is an area for outdoor seating on warmer days.Went here on Memorial Day for the first time. Very good beer selection and the bartender was really helpful. I got the Houla burger which was cooked perfectly. Can't wait to go back and try some other stuffTraffic was pretty heavy on Columbus so I took the back roads back to the office from Staples.  This is how I came to be on Front in front of Catahoula.  The fact that Mardi Gras had just passed and I miss my Nawlins friends probably influenced my mood for a po'boy and since there was a sign saying po'boys I decided to go on in.
The place seemed clean and smelled good as I sidled up to the bar.  The bar tender set me up with my drink and a menu.  I asked for his recommendations and got the pulled pork po'boy.  I really enjoyed the flavor combo and wolfed that bad boy down.  
I would totally return to this place the next time I have a hankering for some Cajun.A friend of our took my boyfriend and I to this place for dinner. The place is fairly small inside. I wanna say maybe...4-5 tables and the bar. We got there around 6:30pm and all the tables were all taken.
We ordered the fried green tomatoes and cornmeal crusted oysters for appetizer. The oyster was great! The green that came with it was very tasty as well. For the dinner, I ordered the Big Bubbas Pasta with chicken and my boyfriend got the shrimp po-boys. The pasta was fantastic! Perfect portion, it doesn't overfill you nor it is a tiny portion. It also was rich and creamy enough that I can actually finish the whole dish instead of getting tired of it half way. It also has a hint of spiciness but nothing too spicy.The po-boys: the shrimp was great but the fries that came with it was super salty and the bread & green were super dry. 
The reason why this place only get 3 stars is because even though their food is tasty, it is nothing extraordinary. Their dishes are pretty common. Another reason is that we waited for more than an hour for our entrees to come up. I don't think I have ever waited that long for food to come out. We were never really told why our food took so long to come out. Looked like there was only one server (who also worked as a bartender) that night (I'm assuming there was only one chef in the back too). Despite slow service, he was nice and attentive. 
With that being said, this was our first time here so we would consider give it another try next time we're in the area.We stopped in for drinks and the bartender was very friendly. It was a bit quiet in the bar but was a nice casual place to get a drink.Pretty authentic southern creole cuisine. Staff are very friendly. Try the fried green tomatoes.As someone who has been to New Orleans,
this food was pretty authentic cajun/ creole food and it was delicious.
Plenty of Louisiana beer (6-7 Abita selections on draft).
They have a nice little alleyway outside the restaurant, with umbrellas, and lights strung up above them. A hidden al fresco destination.
Got hushpuppies as a starter. Light and fluffy, and comes with a remoulade dipping sauce.
Also got a blackened chicken po' boy. It was very delicious, again covered with remoulade, cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. 
Others at my table had oyster and soft shell crab fried and cornmeal. They also loved it. 
Looks like the have crawfish boils on Tuesday.  Another interesting southern feat. All in all a great place.Great small but big enough for a stroller outside dining space.I used Groupon for the dinner, and I was charged 20% tip as a mandatory tip without my knowledge! The waitress didn't tell us the tip is included in the total. Made me feel like it's a scam! 
For the whole restaurant, these was only one waitress running around, making drinks, taking orders.... the service was an disappointment. 
Won't go back!This place is just so damn good.  Service is extremely friendly, espcially the manager, who is not only sweet as pie but also mixes up a mean bloody mary weekend mornings.  The cocktails aren't really up my alley, as I'm not much of a bitters-and-brown-liquor kind of gal, but I do like that they have a theme and are sticking with it.  The beer selection is well thought-out and has a rotating selection on tap.  The wine list is small, at about 3 whites and 3 reds, but adequate unless you're a real wine connoisseur.  The food, of course, is the real star here.  The gumbo is rich, hearty, spicy, and delicious, and the you-peel shrimp (especially that sauce!!) is to die for.  The fried catfish was light and crispy on the outside and moist on the inside, and served with tasty, thin-cut cajun fried.  Brunch was a amazing-- I got eggs with some sort of delicious homefries.  Everything here is rich on flavor, and anyone with a taste for spice and bold tastes should appreciate that.
If you're choosing between the chilled shrimp with the remoulade and the ones you have to peel yourself, though-- go for the you-peel.  The shrimp with the remoulade are good, obviously, but they get a bit lost in the sauce and the you-peel are TO.DIE.FOR.The food far surpassed my expectations. The cornmeal crusted oysters were remarkable for the artful melding of flavor and texture. The atmosphere is casual, it feels more like a South Philly bar than a gastropub. The service was efficient. It's a great place for dinner before or after a movie at the Ritz or the Riverview.My man and I live close by and we love this place! We go there for brunch, dinner, lunch, happy hour...etc.  And we have NEVER had anything on the menu we did not like!  Some of our favorites include: fried pickles, oyster po-boy, omlet, big pappa's folded eggs, biscuits, shrimp po-boys, fried green tomatoes, and ANY of the desserts! : ) 
Also, the service is always great, and the people who work there who are always really sweet.Have walked by this place several times and several items on the menu sounded good. Stopped by for brunch. I've been looking for a good French toast ever since moving to Queen Village. Other places have been bland, soggy or both. Catahoula's "Brioche French Toast with Banana Rum Compote and Too Much Whipped Cream" did not disappoint. Crispy on the outside but soft inside. The bananas were sauteed but still firm. And as described -- a LOT of whipped cream! 
Take the time to read the signs both inside and outside the restaurant -- it really gives you an idea of the restaurant's laid-back attitude.Had Friday night dinner on a whim at Catahoula. When we showed up waiting to be seated, everyone in the place gave us a weird stare - apparently you could can seat yourself. Considering both the Sixers and the Phillies were playing that night, there was a decent crowd and no indoor seats were available. We sat outside, though chilly, and had a prime table between the two TVs playing the games.
Service was okay. We gave our food order with our drink orders (water) and pretty much the servers didn't check in with us at all until we asked for the check.
Catahoula gets 4 stars in my book though, because the buffalo wings were pretty decent and the po' boys we had were SPOT ON. Soft shell crab for him and oyster for me. Fried to a hot, crisp perfection, dressed with lettuce, tomatoes, and remoulade, sandwiched between a toasted roll. And the seasoned crab fries? Yes, please, and thank you. We left with full bellies and the excitement of having found another sweet neighborhood spot.Good food. Good service. Good drinks. Great place to wat and hang out with friends. Make sure to order the hush puppies and jambalayaWent here for my birthday in May and it was great!
They sell crawfish by the pound. It's delicious. They fly their crawfish in from Louisiana. The reason it tastes so good is because they salt the crawfish so they expel all their ickiness. When they're cooked, they absorb all the spices! We also had the mussels. Great flavor.
Took off a star because they only had one waitress when we got there at 6pm and service was slow.Came in here for dinner on a weeknight. We were the only ones there for a little bit but then people started to trickle in. 
We ordered the boneless buffalo chicken for an app and it was good. The buttermilk blue cheese sauce was quite tasty with the hot sauce. DH got the shrimp po'boy which he said was delicious. Perfect balance of shrimp, bread, and sauce. I got the stuffed burger with gouda which was soooo good. Anything stuffed with pickles, bbq sauce, and cheese is ok in my book. 
Overall the service was good (granted we were the only ones there), beer selection looked good, and the food was good. Probably won't go out of my way to go here since I don't live in the neighborhood, but if I find myself down there I wouldn't hesitate to go back for either dinner or drinks.First time here and I will definitely return whenever in Philly. It is very small with only about 5 high top tables and the bar seating.  The food is New Orleans food and has amazing flavor.  I had the catfish Po Boy with fries.  The portions are plenty without gorging  the catfish hung slightly off the roll and the roll was not chewy or hard. My friend had the shrimp étouffée and again bursting with flavor and spicy.  The beer choices are excellent as well.  The price is great for the quality and portion of food. Wanted to try the bread pudding with bananas foster but they were out. The only thing that could have been improved was the friendliness of the service.  He didn't seem to want to answer any of our questions.  I asked which dish would he recommend and got they're both good. He was very " just tell me what you wAnt because I don't want to deAl with you" attitude. Not horrible did the most basic of service  he could get away with.  Not bad enough service compared to quality and price of food not to return. So I will definitely go back and just hope I get someone else as a server.This is definitely a best kept secret in Queen Village!  Tiny place but the food has a big punch!  Absolutely delicious!I really wanted to like this place, hoped it could be my new neighborhood bar. But the service was horrible, I would have ordered much more if any of the servers that walked by had actually stopped to ask. I also made the mistake of ordering the Caesar salad. I don't normally have high expectations for a Caesar salad to begin with, but this managed to still fall short with plain, wilted iceberg lettuce and that's about it. The music in Tuesday night was great, which is why it got two stars...Small intimacy great food, the new chef is doing wonders. Service was great.
Suggest that they might have a few southern drinks on the menu to help push the new theme along.Came here for my birthday/Mother's dinner day dinner over the weekend. Came around 4ish as a party of such. 
Decided to sit in the side outdoor area to enjoy the weather which also features flatscreen TV's to catch the games and bowls for canines as they are pet-friendly if you decide to bring your four-legged friends. And though they probably aren't technically for such, there's atleast 3 outlets to charge your phone out there as well when in need. 
We were seated and served right away, though, they were out of quite a few menu items including their Hurricane drink and didn't have candles to sing happy birthday, either. We wound up doing that on our own back at my mom's house. 
The food was overall good. We got two orders of the drunken, mussels, raw oysters, boneless wings, the bourbon peppercorn burger, seafood jambalaya, and 2 surf-n-steaks. The only dish I found fault with was the first. A noticeable amount of them were inedible whether it be odd-tasting, broken, closed, or just plain empty. I do hope it was an off night because otherwise the broth they came in was awesome and perfect for dipping and the good mussels were quite tender. Nowhere close to rubbery or even chewy. 
All of that plus all of our drinks (beers, cocktails, and iced tea) on top of a double order of bananas foster bread pudding for dessert came to about $180+tip. 
Would return for a night out again.We ordered through TryCaviar and this one took closer to the full expected hour, but what can you do?  When you order through a weird delivery service, you're at the mercy of that service.
Anyway, this food definitely delivered.  We were craving fried fish so we got the fried catfish sandwich, the crispy shrimp po'boy and the fried mac n' cheese balls.  All were delicious and HUGE.  The catfish was comically large and SPICY- the tartar sauce was mixed with their voodoo hot sauce they use for their wings.  My boyfriend handles spice well and even he was tearing up after this.  Still so so good, though.  My po'boy was also gigantic, with at least 10 pieces of fried shrimp, lettuce, tomato, pickles and a tartar/aioli.  The only thing I didn't like was the pickles- I thought they were just dill but they were pickled in something different I wasn't keen on.  No biggie, I just took them off.  Next time, I'd actually rather order a fish and chips platter cause the bread of the bun is unnecessarily filling.
The fries were seasoned really nice but completely soggy by the time I got them (blame it on delivery, really- fries never hold up).  The mac n' cheese balls were BANGIN'.  Uhhh, so good.  Super crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside and served with a delicious, smoky style dipping sauce.  I could make a meal of just those.
I will definitely order from here again.3.5 stars.  Love this little New Orleans inspired bar.  Its got a cool style and great location.  We love grabbing a late lunch and beer there occasionally.  Food is just ok.  Really wish it were better.  Great place for a beer and apps.ORDERED DELIVERY
I can't comment on the decor or the service because I ordered delivery through dining in. I ordered the hushpuppies and the shrimp basket. The shrimp (they weren't devined, which kind of grosses me out) were perfectly fried as were the hushpuppies. The hushpuppies had a smooth consistency, I read other reviews that noted pieces of corn, but no real flavor. It just tasted like fried dough and need the tartar sauce for flavor. The onion strings that came with the fried shrimp were OK. They reminded me of the fried clam strips you get from Red Lobster, which isn't saying much. Overall, I really liked the shrimp. So I will write an update soon, once I actually visit this place, and try more of their menu itemsI had a great brunch here! I committed to come back here easily the first bite of my "loose scrambled eggs". It had incredible flavors.   I ordered that, very good coffee and had a killer good bloody mary.   All good.  The shared dessert we had was the brioche bread pudding which really made you want to go to confession (good thing it was Saturday!)  Great brunch had by all.We wanted a late, late dinner in the neighborhood and Catahoula was one of the few (OK - two) places that were still open.  I was a little concerned about the recent post that said the food was suffering since Chef Paul Martin left...he must have left his recipes at the restaurant because the food was pretty great.  I had the barbecued pork po'boy (rich, tangy, chewy, tender, smoky meat with a deep peppery flavor on a lightly crisped roll) and the awesome pickled vegetables (beets, asparagus, green beans, mushrooms and okra, al dente and beautifully arranged in a tiny casserole); my husband had the side salad (no comment) and the duck jambalaya ('Pretty good' - and he's picky).  The bartender, who also served us, was super sweet and friendly and patient while we dithered over the menu.  Atmosphere was - well, it's a bar that serves food.  Great food.  Go.A fantastic addition to the neighborhood....excellent gumbo, great po-boys, and great service...all set in great atmosphere.....would like to see some wine by the bottle (only served by-the-glass).... Otherwise, no complaints.....Tried this place for the 1st time.  Décor is okay, not the most comfortable/warm place.  More of a bar with some tables for dining.  The food was decent, not bad not amazing.  The fried pickles and tomatoes were average.  The ribs and fried catfish were good.  Cornbread was very good.  The issue was how long it took to get food.  The kitchen had two guys and they were sloooowww.  Seemed like they were only cooking one table/check at a time.  Not very efficient or fast.  Two apps (both simple fried items) should have taken 5-10 minutes but took about 30 minutes.  The entrée time wasn't any better.  Took almost 45 minutes for 2 entrees.  The place is small with not many tables so there's no reason to be that slow.  Service was average and friendly.  They just need to get food out much faster.  Not worth the wait..The hubby and I stopped in for brunch last saturday and were blown away once again. They have brunch specials along with drink specials for the phillies games.
I had Poached eggs over homemade biscuits with pork gravy and Gouda Grits...my mouth is watering just thinking about it again. It was so amazingly good, i save a little to eat later adn savor the flavor. The hubby ordered a spicy frittata with potatoes. And the special came with a draft beer for only $9.
The place is really clean, and comfortable. The staff is always really friendly.
Definitely give it a try!My boyfriend and I came back from NOLA and were craving some Cajun/Creole food, so a friend suggested that we check out Catahoula.  We walked up to the little restaurant/bar and found it pretty crowded, but luckily we were able to get a seat in the back for the two of us.  It looks like there's a nice outdoor area to sit in, so we'll definitely be back in the spring to check it out.
The waiter/bartender came over to give us the good news that there was a game day special for $3 Nola drafts, so we were all over that.  For appetizers, we got the hush puppies and Cajun wings.  I'm not a fan of hush puppies because I think they're dry and tasteless, but the BF, who aparently is a hush puppy connoisseur, agreed they were not the best.  The Cajun wings were delicious and had just the right amount of seasoning.  (I would definitely come back for those and the beer alone!)  
Like a true Yelper, I was on the menu and Yelp earlier in the day and had decided on the blackened trout for dinner.  The waiter informed me that they had just run out of the trout but could do the meal with tilapia instead.  Bring on the tilapia!  My boyfriend decided to go with one of the specials - a peppercorn burger (how un-NOLA of him).  When the meals came out, I was super excited to eat mine - there was a huge serving of tilapia with a delicious looking ragout with shrimp on the top and served on a bed of truffled grits.  Heaven.  The BF's burger was a burger...nothing too special.  Anyway, back to my meal - it was awesome.  The tilapia was cooked perfectly and the truffled grits were tasty.  My meal was fantastic...the burger was average.
I will definitely come back to Catahoula.  Good food, good people.  Can't beat that!Going 4 stars on this one. I think this was great food for a "lets go out and have some drinks, with some decent food". I wouldn't flat out go here expecting you to get your shoes blown off because the food was that awesome. Its great food, to accompany a few drinks with. We went on Friday night and had about a 30-45 minute wait for a table.l Its small and we went around 8:30-9:00. We ended up sitting in a back corner but it wasn't that bad. Not sure if they take reservations but if they do then that would be the way to go.
I had the oysters. They weren't too bad. I don't like getting them with vinaigrette but they had some Tabasco on the table so that greatly helped. They were $2.50 each, which on any other day I would NOT have paid that, but I really wanted some that night.
I also had the burger. My burger I believe it was called. It was fantastic! It had a brioche roll which I dig. It was huge but manageable and if you're on a burger quest like I am then give it a try. It probably wont be your favorite but it'll sure give your top picks a run for their money.
We had the grits also. They were good but a little loose for my taste. I like grits that are tight in consistency and a little tastier. All in all they were good but I wouldn't get them again.
Hush puppies. I personally did not  like them. They had too much garlic or some other spices in them. I find hush puppies should not be altered. Ball it up, fry it up and give it to me. No need to go fancy here - they taste just damn fine by themselves.
The flat bread. Very tasty but maybe too much of a bacon flavor. As a guy, I'd never think I'd ever say something had too much bacon taste, but it some how did. It just overwhelmed to other flavors.
Craw fish soup. Was very good, although not much craw fish in it. Wasn't very thick either but it did have a good taste.
Brioche bread pudding with bananas foster. Probably the best dessert I've had in quite some time. I would get it again in a heartbeat although I think it would be better if it were served with ice cream. Just a thought.
Bottom line; Great food if you want to get out of the house and go for some drinks, while you're hungry.