My favorite neighborhood spot. Food is great, and the wait staff and bartenders are awesome. Cheese steak egg rolls w/ cav's sauce.I always went here when it was Dark Horse, but this place is still pretty rad. It is a labyrinth of four different bars and they have a very good draft list, as well as bottles. Big shout out to the bartender Yoshi for having fun with my friends and I!I really do not understand the lay-out of this bar. So you walk in, and there's a small bar. Then you walk upstairs, and there are 4-5 more little bars. But none of the bars are directly connected, you need to walk through small little hallways to get there. Then, when you get a certain bar, it may be overly crowded so you have to navigate to another one through the tiny, windy hallway. All of this for a beer.
To make matters worse, on a weekend it can be a mob scene of not the coolest of crowds. Like a bunch of angry bros looking to get smashed and start trouble. Overall, it a generic, poorly set-up bro bar that I would avoid at almost all costs.The food is so much better than I'd expect from a bar.  I love their tater tots, and I don't even like tater tots.  When there's live music, it actually sounds like a professional studio recording, and when the music isn't live, I'm consistently amazed with the quality of the selections.  The bartender is a sprightly personification of infectious joy.After pilfering free food and booze at a yelp event I decided to check out Cavanaugh's as a paying customer. This is a super cool hangout in a fun area of town, and in my estimation,  free of  the douchey vibe found at most other trendy drinking establishments. I really like how each room has their own thing going on. My favorite is the main sports bar type area upstairs.  Besides the ample seating and big screen tvs, it also features my new favorite drink in town, the smoking bishop. It is basically a mulled sangria with strong cloves and cinnamon flavors.  Smoking bishop and the flyers game on the big screen is my new favorite way to spend my night in Philly.Stopped in one afternoon for a drink.  Sat downstairs.   Look closely.  The area behind that bar is dirty.   I was grossed out. I wouldn't order a drink from a glass there because they are sitting on a dirty shelf.  
I've never ordered food.  I wasn't offered a menu.  Place isn't clean enough to eat in.My Girl works close by this place and we were looking for a spot to hang and grab some food and drink. Well we found it! This place was Great when you walk in the door it's like an old feel Irish pub which is great so we ask is there more to this place and the Bartender pointed us around the corner and up the steps Wow was awesome upstairs 3 different bars a party room, whiskey bar and a main bar. Happy Hour is the best 7-9p. Beer was cold the mix drinks are well made and the food was outstanding!Great atmosphere. Place has 4 or 5 bars in it. Go upstairs if you want the sports bar experience or downstairs if you want the cafe experience. Good prices. Place is definitely a Flyers bar with a lot of other sports but hockey was king (of course eagles weren't playing that day). I'd go again. Also happy hour is 7-9 so that makes it nice when all others are earlier.Having touched down in Philly from the UK, a friend took me to your pub so that I could have my Stella Artos Cidre or 2... Amazing place. Ice cold Cidre, friendly Bar service which made me go back every day since! Keep up the good work! Thank you for making me feel right at Home!Love this place. Foods always good. Bartenders always nice, especially Jake and Stever. Cavs sauce on everythingThe service, wonderful!
The staff, wonderful!
The food, LOVE!
The atmosphere is my absolute favorite inside and outside the view is relaxing...
Cheers!ate outside for brunch.  for the price of my meal, i could definitely get a better brunch in this city.  will have to go back to experience the bar scene and lunch/dinner mealsGreat spot to eat and drink in Headhouse. There's a big mix of people that come to Cav's. Everybody from locals, regulars, and tourists are made to feel welcome. Lucas is a terrific Manager that has a unique way of making everyone feel at home. The bartenders Kelly and Kelly are awesome! Try their Martinis. My favorite dish is the baked mac and cheese. Yummy!! And of course the wings are excellent. This is also a great spot to watch football and basketball games on TV.My new favorite sports bar in philly. Kelly took outstanding care of us, going out of her way to determine what god forsaken channel on Comcast is home to the pac 12 network for the Stanford-Colorado game. It doesn't hurt that cavs has very solid food, and kelly makes some really tasty shots and drinks. You'll also enjoy some really good deals. This should be a go-to for college football.A little confused when you walk in. Stairs are straight ahead of you and a small small bar with 4 tables are to your left which is what we walked into. Came here on a Sunday around 4:30 and was completely empty. This might be an unfair review but all the bar's taps were broke so automatically down a star for me. If you go upstairs to the rest room, there is another bar as well as what looks like a full restaurant. I came here years ago but did not realize it was the same place because we have only been upstairs. Anyway, besides the beer mishap we ordered a Philly cheese steak w fries which no complaints. The Chorizo burger that has a fried egg on top, the best dish of the meal. The California chicken sandwich w pesto which was good just the chicken was over cooked and dry so thankfully the avocado and pesto helped with that. Big portions so you get your money's worth. Bartender was really good making sure everything was ok and when we asked to turn on the hockey game on a tv, he turned all the tvs onto the game because we were the only people in the bar.Probably would recommend the food, but not the delivery. The food took over 90 minutes to arrive and was very cold. The food itself tasted ok but as previously mentioned, it was cold. Instead of receiving bbq sauce with their chicken tenders, I received chocolate sauce. I don't understand why they would do that.Bartenders are friendly and willing to offer suggestions on food and beverages. Although this may seem like an obvious characteristic of bartenders, it's not seen at all places! 
They have a good beer selection and although I didn't get any food, the menu looked really appetizing. 
There's an outdoor space that looked really pretty, I plan on checking that out next time.There really isn't a lot to say except that I've had some of the best FISH TACOS of my life here. Order them and devour them, they're incredible. Be warned though, they are spicy with that pickles onion and Habanero sauce kick but wow, I was definitely not expecting those. 
Don't order the chicken sandwich with fries,  it's a little bland. 
It can get packed on a Saturday night so there isn't  a lot of sitting room. If you see a table,  grab it.Great Set up with many different bars and rooms. Located in one of my favorite parts of philly, if not my favorite. I have had more than one occassion though where the service has been terrible, every other time it is average.I was here for the first time last Thursday for a Brew & Chew event, and I really enjoyed myself.
First of all, this place is way bigger than it looks from the outside. And it's not just one bar, it's a whole bunch of little bars in this neat little maze- sort of like a fun house, but with bars. 
The food was good. I also appreciated how accommodating they were to my food allergy by making me an item different from the one on the already set menu for the event. As always, the beers they featured were of course delicious.
The staff I encountered here were all very pleasant and professional. I will definitely plan on coming to more Brew & Chews here as well as stopping in for a drink when I'm in the neighborhood.Headed here before seeing a show at the TLA. I picked this place based on the Yelp reviews I read and the location being with in walking distance of the venue. First of all, this place is huge. We walked in, went up steps, there are rooms to the right and left and then more steps and another little bar room. That is where we sat. The bartender, Pat, was super awesome and had great sexy hair!! ;-) He was attentive and friendly and offered samples of beer to one of the people I was with. The food was brought out hot as well. I did originally order something that was forgotten about, but it was ok bc it would have been a waste since I was stuffed and couldn't finish what was actually brought out correctly. 
We ordered the hummus plate. That was fantastic. I loved it. The fresh, warm pita bread was awesome. We ordered mac and cheese, and fried pickles as well. All of that was off the pub menu which was half price! #winning!
The other girls got burgers, which they loved. They came with Cavanaughs Sauce. Basically a homemade, spicy bbq sauce. Had lots of kick and was delish! 
Glad we went!Go for the Cav's chicken cheese steak sandwich and you will leave with a smile. The baked french onion soup could use a overhaul with the flavoring. The soup is the only reason I have them four out of five.This is a bar- not a sports bar. We went with best intentions - enjoy good wings & burgers.  No dining  area - only bar. Other reviews made it seem like a sports bar - it is NOT!! Also Not the best atmosphere with an 8 & 12 year old. ( drunk guy spouting profanity @ bar) 
My 12 year old enjoyed the wings. (Learned some new words ) my chicken cheeses steak was super spicy- did not expect that ! And not in a good way  guess I should have stuck with a burger. All in all - not great but not terribleA cozy little sports bar in Headhouse Square, a great place to get fried pickles, and a funny place to send your friends to meet you at if they've never been there before.  "Hey, I'm upstairs" doesn't begin to help them figure out WHICH room upstairs you're exactly in!  Are you in the whiskey room?  Hmm, that place looks too small....  Are you in the wine room?  Hmmm, well, it's almost empty in there right now...  What about the back room?  It looks like everyone knows each other in THAT room...let's go back towards the front...  Well, you can see how it goes.  Lots of little rooms in a VERY old building makes this one of the most unique bars I've ever been to.
Oh, and they also have funnel cake fries.  Yes, french fries made of funnel cake batter.  Yes, it's worth it.
I love the little outdoor seating area too, with the table that has a firepit in the middle...so fun!I want to like this place more since I live across the street and they are on the brink of 4 or 5 start with just a few improvements.  Love the create your own salad addition to the menu, but hey throw in an extra handful of greens to make it an entree salad.  The topping quantities are great, but the greens are missing.  Entree salads should be huge and should take a bit of prep before eating.  The food is good, but the wow factor is missing and that makes this just another local tavern with good food.Food was good and service is excellent.  Taylor, was very good, anticipated our needs and took great care of our table. The nachos are huge with lots of chicken and chili, will definitely will stop back next time I'm in Philly.Went there for a game watch.  The bartender was AMAZING and had your next drink in hand before you asked for it.  The nachos were sup bar and topped with cheese wiz for the most part. The burger wasn't done exactly to my boyfriend's liking and the beet salad was actually the best part.  I don't feel like I need to go back.On Saturday, we through a wake party for a former regular of this establishment.  He knew it as the Dark Horse, and it changed over to Cavanaugh's after he passed.  The entire staff collectively made our party on Saturday go so well and smooth.  Everyone was SO nice throughout the night.  They took care of everything for us, and we didn't have to worry about a thing.  The food was great, the bartender Jake was amazing and super sweet to everyone, everyone kept asking me if everything was ok - did we need anything?  It was just awesome.  There were so many compliments about how nice the party was - for such an emotionally charged event, it was a relief to know everything was just simply taken care of.  And all of their customer service from the planning stages until the end of the party was outstanding.  (We held the party in the Dining Room, which is a wonderful atmosphere to throw a party - it comfortably held 60-70, and could have held many more)  I highly recommend this place for any party!!A good place to come into and grab a few pints in a historic area. Everyone was very friendly at this old bar.Gotta say, one of my all-time favorite pubs! You got plenty of bars to saddle up to once inside.  But the big one upstairs is usually where you can find the locals, play darts and relax.  Food is always solid and with plenty of TVs and easy conversations, one might never leave.On way back to from AC stopped in Philly for a bite to eat. Stumbled upon this local spot, cool set up, great food, regulars were very welcoming, and the service from our bartender Jenn, was way above par! Will definitely stop back in, on the next road trip.Just like Fawkes rising from the ashes in Dumbledore's office, Cav's Headhouse has risen from the ashes of the once massive establishment known as the Dark Horse but they are distinguishing themselves well so far.
We stopped in for the first Sunday of football and were able to grab a room with 3 televisions all showing different games.  Beer specials were not fantastic but I was more there for the feel of it and the wings.  Speaking of the wings, I'm wondering if the "Hot" are hotter than the "3rd Degree" because my buddy and I split the 3rd Degree wings and we were pretty sure it was just sweet chili sauce.
Food aside, the bar staff was nice, treated us well and was very involved in the games.  They even had a staff suicide pool going which made it fun because there was interest in so many games that day.  The room we were in (side bar, upstairs) had a ton of natural light and the temp/crowd was excellent for watching the games.
I think they've got a little ways to go but I see potential here.  Cavs Headhouse is massive and it must be difficult to assume a spot with so many individual bars.  Still it seems like they get their ish together and this could be a good destination for sports and general shenanigans.Came by here for a Yelp event and was blown away. The upstairs had more rooms than I could count, each with its own unique theme! Want to stop by the tap room, the wine room, or the whiskey room? Oh, there's also a sports bar area, or more of a lounge if that's what you're feeling. The beer selection was great, and the appetizers were delicious, too, ranging from shrimp to wings to nachos and hummus. Honestly, I had no idea there was such a find in the area, and I can't wait to head back.very impressed with the food and beer selection - and the bartenders are some of the best i've ever seen.I came here for their Grand Opening event on a Friday. They were offering a complimentary 2 hour open bar and a food buffet so I expected a lot of people. Surprisingly we only waited in line to get in for about 5 minutes. Once we got inside it didn't seem too crowded because there were so many different rooms and bars so everyone was able to spread out. I liked the fact that there was a room downstairs and 4 different rooms upstairs because it made getting a drink at the bar much easier. The inside looks the same as the Dark Horse Pub which preceded Cavanaugh's Headhouse Square in this space- they didn't make many changes.  There are better bars in Philly that I prefer over this place but it's not a terrible place to get together with friends to watch a game. There are plenty of TVs and space to spread out.Stopped in to catch the Bears vs. Lions this past Sunday. Found this place via Yelp and saw there was a 10% off coupon as well, which we used. The staff here were friendly and the drinks were fine, and reasonably priced. Only thing that wasn't ideal was that our game was only on one screen in the whole place. They offered to put it on downstairs but the bartender couldn't figure out how to punch up DirecTV there. So we had to squeeze into a corner of the upstairs room in order to see our screen. Ideally a sports bar would have better sightlines and a different configuration to maximize viewing, but aside from that, I'd come back, especially if we got there earlier and could get a better vantage point, or if we were coming for an event that more people wanted to see.I stopped in because I had an old WMMR Deal of the Day coupon.  When I first walked in I was thrown off because the place is chopped up in an odd way.  There is a small bar when you first walk in, and then a dining room and a second bar upstairs.  I walked upstairs, but as it was a weekday it seems that only the small bar near the entrance was open.  This is first section is very small, probably 800sq ft, but it wasn't crowded so we grabbed a high top table and ordered some drinks. 
The beer selection was weak compared to most Philly bars.  There were about 5 beers on tap with Dogfish 60 Minute being the most exotic, but their Tuesday special was $4 Dogfish which is a good deal so that was cool.  
The bartender was a very friendly girl that was upbeat and made the place fun.  A young newly engaged couple came in and the bartender bought them and us a round of shots to celebrate.  
We ordered our food which was really the highlight of the place.  I had the shepards pie, which was really good.  My wife had a chicken/pesto/avocado sandwich which was really good too.  We also shared an order of cheesesteak spring rolls with their Cavanaugh's sauce.  The sauce was awesome, and I'm pretty sure it was a mix of sweet and sour sauce and buffalo sauce.  
The food prices were reasonable for the quality and the beer special was a good deal.  Overall, I was really impressed with this place.  Without the coupon I probably would have never come here, but I had a good time and really enjoyed the food and atmosphere.  I would not hesitate to come back and certainly will.  It is one of the best irish pubs I've been to in the city.Place was a lot of fun! Rachel was one of the best bartenders I've ever met! Would definitely go back!!This is my favorite neighborhood bar. 
I am a regular here on Wednesday nights for Quizzo. Compared to other Quizzos in town, this one is good because Gunner goes at a decent clip and doesn't drag out the rounds. However, you still have plenty of time between rounds to drink and hang out. Round of shots for the best team name, cash prizes for the winners. 8.30.
I have also been here on several other occasions. The food is great, with enough variety that we can bring out-of-town guests here with something to please everyone. I am a vegetarian and there are several options available. I've even come here several times with a vegan friend and he was accommodated, no problem. I recommend the veggie flatbread or the black bean burger. 
Drinks are also great. The on-tap offerings are diverse, unlike some other bars that only have IPAs. Cav's also does "mystery bags" pretty often, where you get a bagged bottled beer for $3.50. Look for specials during Phillies games.
The service here is also top-notch. The bartenders are patient and kind, even when things get crowded. They are quick with a joke, and even quicker with your order.
Yes, I've been keeping this one a secret, but we're moving this week, so I figured I'd finally share the Cav's goodness with the Yelp world. We'll definitely miss this place.Made a stop at Cav's after the Mummers parade. The bar itself is a great spot. Saw a lot of people getting wings that looked awesome so I gave them a shot. Was unsure about which sauce to get and the bartender suggested the "Cav" sauce and let me try it before ordering. It was tasty so that's what I went with. When the wings came out they looked legit, but unfortunately they went way too light on the sauce and they almost tasted plain.
Would go back, but next time I'd order them with extra sauce.The drinks were so-so, and the food was soooo overpriced for such small portions. For example, $9 for 5 lame mozz sticks, or $12 for just a few bits of calamari. Not worth the money. 
The bartender was conversational and attentive, and at least one football game was on TV, so that's good. I'd been to this location a few times previously, and the times before were much better. Seems to have gone downhill.Not a bad place to watch sports and drink some beer. Its your average bar with few nice choices of beer and food.I've been here several times to watch football and soccer games with my friends and I was always impressed how friendly and helpful the staff is- which is not always the case in a busy sports bar so I decided to throw my birthday party here. 
We had a private event on one of the worst weather days of the year so many of the expected guests could not make it but no matter- Amanda , the event coordinator, was lovely and not at all flustered by the change in numbers nor were we threatened with having to pay for the people who were unable to make it. She was extremely understanding of the situation and even stopped in to see how everything was going. A+. The bartender (I wish I could remember his name) was phenomenal- could mix drinks that I've never even heard of for my friends without their explanations needed. He was very upbeat and chatty. Everything you want in a bartender for an event like this. It was a wonderful time and we are already debating throwing another event there when the weather is nicer. The venue was great and we were allowed to decorate earlier in the day for the event. Absolutely recommend this place and will be back.we had a super weird experience here
due to our bartender. we sat outside and there was one other table and maybe 3 people at the downstairs bar. our server was the bartender and she seemed to have had a few drinks prior to us getting there. she couldn't remember our orders to save her life yet wouldn't write it down. we wait 15 minutes for our drinks and after a while just started going inside to get them because she kept forgetting about us. our food orders were wrong but we were starving. bartender ended up comping a bunch of stuff though because she knew we were pissedI've been back to Cavanaugh's Headhouse a handful of times since the November 2013 YEE. It's become a reliable, comfortable sports bar to me. I even once stopped here because I knew they had nice, clean bathrooms -- and, obviously, also stuck around for a beer.
Speaking of beer, there are many choices and they are affordable. Nothing extensive, but you're likely to find something up your alley.
The fun and most noticeable thing about Cavs that most everyone else has said is the space itself. It's huge -- with a bunch of little bar rooms with different themes. It's nice to have options!I just visited this Cavanaugh's, and was really happily surprised by what they did with the recent renovations from the old Dark Horse into the 4th Cav's in the city. This location meets their need to spread out one more time too - from University City to Rittenhouse to Penn's Landing and now to Headhouse. They've managed to preserve the old, dark, wooden, cozy feel of the historic pub(s) prior and update it with some modern touches. On the night I visited, there was even a bonfire out front on the side walk - welcoming guests into the watering hole.
The upstairs area seems like a maze - you can hop from bar to bar and experience a different feel in each spot. In usual Cav's style - there are plenty of TV's all over so you can still catch any of your favorite sporting events. I think they have good drink specials on most days - so it's not too pricy to eat/drink here.  Finally, the servers and management were all really friendly and accomodating and made you feel like a respected guest in their establishment.Bad! Ordered delivery and got French onion soup, probably the worst French onion soup I've eaten. I couldn't even make it half way through the soup. Ordered fries and with old bay seasoning and old bay was served on the side, and fries were very soggy. Would not order again.Great place to watch a game. Instead of one large impersonal space, it features half a dozen smaller rooms. Plenty of screens. Decent beer list. Above average food. Fries could have crisper. Would definitely come back.Love Cav's Headhouse Square! 
Tons of options for food and draft, and there are multiple bars throughout the establishment. My favorite place to cozy up is the room as soon as you walk in before going upstairs. I was at Cav's a couple times over the last few weeks(I think it was a Thursday and a Saturday), and that downstairs bar is definitely my kind of place.
Full beer list available (the bartender was so nice that she ran upstairs to get something that wasn't directly on tap at her bar downstairs, how nice was that!) and there are happy hour specials most nights. The crowd is friendly and entire staff is nice, with special mention to that bartender.
Definitely go with the Cav's sauce for your food options! They say it is a special recipe that they won't tell me, but it keeps me coming back for more. No fuss bar food, just what i wanted and just what I come to expect from Cav's.
See you there soon!This place is small and kinda dingy. It seems to be a bar for locals mainly.  It felt like we were in a movie.  We came in and the music stopped... The usual suspects looked over at us...and "You ain't from around here" mutters the surly bartender... It wasn't quite that bad but it was close....The service was slow and bartender had a "little" bit of an attitude.  I was surprised cause the place was kind dead and she wasn't serving anyone else... we ordered a beer, vodka red bull, and three tequila shots.  We were doing a bar crawl and were looking for a round and keep on moving.... Took forever.... Not impressed..I didn't know that this place existed until a friend and I were on the lookout for a decent bar to get a decently-priced drink on a Friday night.
I was surprised to see a completely empty bar on a Friday night but glad because it felt like a well-kept secret.  I usually stay out of Olde City because the bars always seem to be so crowded!  This place has two stories and would probably be very crazy if it got packed.  We sat down and ordered some stuff and the bartender was really nice about letting us transfer outside when a table opened up.
I've gotta say that I really love the outdoor seating in this place!  People tend to bring their dogs here and that's something I definitely enjoy!  One person's dog was so friendly that he was allowed to go to every table and just be loved on.  If you're a dog person this is probably a great spot for you (as long as you have a social dog that is)
We split the appetizer platter which was delicious and split some good beers.  They weren't overly-priced at all and everything was fresh and delicious.  I'll definitely be back to this place for happy hour or a drink or two before First Friday!I liked this spot. Several bars in here on a day several teams were playing. I didn't try the food yet. 
I try not to eat in Bars. Too many other places that specialize in food in Center city to waste money on Bar food. Deep fried junk.This is the Ultimate Soccer bar in Philly. It was formally known as the Dark Horse and it has bar rooms to televise Premier League, MLS, La Liga, Series A, and the Ranger/Celtic games. I don't always order food unless I am hungry. read another review for food. I am here to drink and watch my games. Premier League fans beware this is Liverpool Country. Don't walk in there alone. The more people show the more, rooms they open
best part about this location is when you are done and dandy walking out the bar in the evening, the cobbled stones, lights and the historic feel puts you at ease. kinda like going back in time or in some part of Europe. 
Experienced soccer fans would love this joint, lots of regulars and people who know what they are talking about should a debate arise. If two games are playing at the same time, they don't change the channel, either side is on or with enough people go to the other room! TAKE that FADO's. Don't believe me, try the world cup finals here.Great restaurant. Amazing food and the waiter was awesome i would definitely recommend this place.Cavanaughs is my go to spot when my Steelers aren't on TV. The food is good and the staff is friendly. Unlike the other "sports bar" in the area, they actually have all the games on not just the Eagles games. Drink specials are also decent.Downstairs bar was empty. Great! A nice quiet drink before going home. Bartender comes out of kitchen: Me: you open? Her: Yes. Me: Can I get a drink? Her: I just got my dinner.  Me: That's okay. Doesn't bother me. Her: You don't understand. I just got my dinner. Me: That's fine. I'll just go to the bar down the street - Twisted Tail. Had a great time. Tips the bartender $10 on a $23 bill5 stars for Lucas, our bartender!  I attended a private party at Cavanaugh's Headhouse Square last Saturday, and everyone at the party noted how great he was.  Super friendly & attentive!  By the time the party "ended" at 11pm, everyone was having so much fun, we stayed at the bar with Lucas until the bar closed around 2am.  I could not say enough nice things about him.  Not only was the space we had reserved perfect for our party size, and the beers & drinks offered were varied/ plentiful, but Lucas really made the experience at Cavanaugh's exceptional.Ordered from Uber Eats. The chili was tangy which covered up any other flavors. The tater tots were bland. The turkey wrap was more of a burrito. Overall not good food, and I wouldn't order from there again. The 4.5 rating is deceiving.I have been sleeping on this place! We came here for beers after eating at Twisted Tail because we'd never been to this location before and wanted to observe the wedding reception happening in that middle area. This bar has a ridiculous amount of bars/rooms in it! We decided to go upstairs where there were 3 bars (one reserved for the wedding party) and we ordered beers. I ordered a Stella, which actually came in a Stella glass, and my boyfriend was jealous so the bartender put his High Life in a snifter glass, haha. We stood over by the darts area in front to creep on the wedding and also watch people play darts and try to figure out how darts are scored without looking it up on the internet. I'm still not sure I get it. The bathrooms could use a little help. One of the women's stalls had the lights out so nobody would use it. I think eventually one of the stalls had a literal squatter in it and became unusable as well so there were only two usable stalls and you know how girls go to the bathroom with their entire crew for some reason. Luckily the bar wasn't too packed, but when the wedding reception moved indoors, a line started to form in the bathroom. I think the bar catered the wedding maybe (or at least the drinks and some desserts looked like they were coming from the bar), so that was cool. Nice to know if you want to have your reception out there.
Overall, a solid bar experience for a Saturday night in a different area of the city than we normally hang out in, but we didn't eat and it's still just a bar. I would come back if I was in the area again.Sooo many gluten free options!! Stella Cider, Woodchuck Pink, Angry Orchard Cinnful Apple, Estrella Daura...I'm in Gluten Free heaven!
Came to Cavanaugh's for a yelp elite event a couple months ago...LOVE IT! So when we were looking for places to watch the Eagels playoff game, of course we wanted to come back. The decor is excellent, there are tons of seating options, lots of tables and room to bring a group...it's great! 
They have so many screens that really no matter where you sit, your gonna see the game. Their food is all great, we had the wings, nacho's, steak, guacamole, and fries. All of the food came out great and hot even though they were totally slammed. They also have lots of game day drink and food specials and a great happy hour as well. 
The drinks during this playoff game were a little different...their taps froze so no draft Lager, the servers were so slammed so it seemed really understaffed for a playoff game. There were multiple times that our table sat for at least 10 minutes with all 6 of us totally dry on drinks, and we didn't all finish our drinks at the same time.Came here for the first time to watch the champions league match. Got there after kickoff so was tough to find seats and I wound up at the side bar and got a seat later.  Good setup to watch soccer and while 2nd time it was dead for the Norway Australia match the specials sounded decent. I got the fish and chips which were okay.  Initially wanted the Shepard's pie or chicken pot pie but was told they don't have it at all since it's mainly a winter time type dish which is understandable.  This may be a go to spot for soccer matches.During college football season, every room of the bar plays a different game (because there's a lot of rooms). During summer, air conditioning feels limited.Hidden gem. This is a must try if you're visiting Philly. The apps were amazing, they have the biggest pretzel I've ever seen in life. The food was delicious as well. Dying to go back all the way from NYC!The Headhouse is really as good as it gets when it comes to this kind of stuff. Where else would you really want to go around here other than Cavs? This place features great sports bar seating with nice staffing. They have the serene view from a dock. There's drinking games and cornhole to play. Not to mention mentioning the outstanding Cavs wings and sauce combo. C'mon, you're really not going to find another spot better than here.This isn't a strip Club for republicans. I was very disappointed. The food was pretty good though and the service was okay.Excellent services! Bartenders and security are very nice, menu looks awesome... but.... they don't don't discover cards.... it's 2018 come on get with the program people. You guys just lost money from me ):Awesome tavernesque atmosphere with good drink selection and attentive service by the bartenders. The hand cut French fries with chipotle ranch are amazinggggg!!!! Will definitely be back even if just for those.Always love the food here, and the bartenders are great! Highly recommend the chicken cheesesteak with Cav's sauce :)  
The people here are wonderful - I'm part of an all volunteer group raising money for childhood cancer and they are great about giving us meeting space to plan our events, and they have also been very generous with their support of these events!They have the best nachos ever.  Used to other places you would think you're getting a small plate. You end up with one big enough to share with maybe 3 people that's piled high with the tastiest chili and cheese along with sour cream and guacamole. They know how to make drinks right here.After some a holiday outing with my kiddo and my folks my dad asked to have lunch at "the old dickens inn". He wanted to see what had replaced it. I did an inward groan when I saw it was now a Cavanaughs. 
While they retained the decor of the "inn" the rest was pretty bad. Our server was mediocre at best.  The food was terrible. For example: We ordered the chip and dip, one of the dips was supposed to be queso. It was really just cheese wiz. It was awful. I got the shrimp tacos which were equally terrible. They were boring and the tortillas had the texture of having been microwaved. My mom's fish (fish and chips) looked terribly greasy the chips were cold.  
I guess this is a good place for a few beers and watch a game. To actually go for a meal, not so much.Appetizers and drinks are good. I felt bad because there was one bartender taking care of the entire upstairs bar plus the surrounding tables and it was CROWDED. So taking our orders, getting our food, and giving us our checks took hours. I would come back because the food was delicious and the atmosphere was great, but they were severely understaffed (or maybe that day a server/bartender failed to show up), either way one person is not enough to manage the upstairs areaEnjoyable burgers for dinner. Great fries and beer. Kind of strange that they added  $.50 to our bill because we asked for mustard.My first time here. They made a drink and I hated it, but the bartender was cool and swapped it for me without blinking an eye. They were nice to my dog as I sat outside too.I'm a chicken tenders snob so that's why I'm writing this review. I frequently stop by Cavanaughs for cocktails but never order from their menu. I was starved on this particular stop and decided to sample the chicken tenders after looking at the bar menu. It's was awesome!!!! Why did I wait so long to discover this chicken tender nirvana. They give you 3 extra large chicken breasts which are breaded. It came out hot, crispy and the chicken was moist. This is what you look for in my opinion in a chicken tender appetizer. They also provided me with a choice of several different dipping sauces which was a nice plus. Normally most places only offer one sauce unless you request more then one. I will definitely be ordering those again along with my usual cocktail.I rolled into Cavanaugh's late on a Tuesday because my friend and I were dying for a bathroom. We grabbed drinks and took care of business, lingering for about 45 minutes. Even though it was Tuesday and the place was pretty dead, there was a lively crowd of fantasy drafters crowded around the TV in the front room.
Probably the biggest thing that this Cavanaugh's has going for it is the size. The many different bars and rooms on multiple levels means that you can find a room that works for you and your friends, but still feel like you're in a tiny neighborhood hole in the wall.
Drinks specials and food ostensibly don't seem much different than when this bar was Dark Horse, but there were a surprising amount of craft brews on the list, so that was pleasant to see! (I expected it to have a much more limited selection.)
I miss Dark Horse (token whine here), but the bones and general decor are still there, so Cavanaugh's is definitely worth a visit if you're looking for a fun place to watch a game, especially if you like when the crowd is involved and enthusiastic.They're open late, outdoor smoking, someone carries a giant flatscreen in & out everyday so that we can all watch the sports outside too. The Cav sauce is bangin! Great customer service. I have nothing bad to sayWe always enjoy ourselves at Cavanaugh's especially when Jake is bartending. He is a great mixologist that can make you laugh. Make sure you stop by for a good time!Just ate a few wings and saw this hair baked inside. Now I am afraid that I am going to get food poisoning or even worse, covid-19. The few wings I had were delicious but come on how does this happen? The hair is baked in!I came here with a group of friends on Thanksgiving. We were happily surprised that the bar was open, since most were closed in the city and we had been hanging out a block away at my friends' place. We went upstairs and immediately found a place at the bar to get drinks. The bar was dimly lit, there was a group of people playing pong, the music was great.. overall, a nice atmosphere to unwind on a holiday night. The bartender/manager Jake was friendly and gave us hefty drinks for a good price. I had a vodka soda and my friends got a mix of beers. They had a variety of beers on tap and they were all pleased with the selection. The whole bar was singing along to the music and it was just a great vibe! We will definitely be back!My boyfriend and I were wandering the city for food, and we came across Cavanaughs and were pleasantly happy with the service. The Cav sauce was AMAZING.