Great overall experience. The fresh baked pita is delicious and the food tastes homemade by grandma. Lamb was tender, juicy and very flavorful. Portions are generous and service very attentive.Wow the food is unbelievable. If you know good middle eastern cuisine, you'll love the authentic baba - humus - tabouli - falafel - stuffed grape leaves - shish kebob - fresh oven to table pita bread and your favorite BYOB fabulous! super clean - friendly accommodating atmosphere - pretty decor. It simply doesn't any better then this! Enjoy!!My girlfriend and I found this little gem on Groupon, and boy are we glad we did!  The food is excellent as well as the service.  It is also a BYOB, which we love,  I highly recommend their grilled salmon with feta, and my girlfriend enjoyed their vegeterian platter.I have been here a few times on my travels to Philadelphia. When I am close by and have a hankering for some Lebanese food this is the place I go. The food and ingredients remind me of other authentic homemade Lebanese cuisine I had before. I am a fan of the chicken shawarma and their fattoush salad when it is prepared well. I highly recommend stopping by this eating establishment, you will not be disappointed.Awesome restaurant. Everything was delicious. Very friendly staff. We ordered the seafood Sayadieh and the Lamb combo. They were both delicious.First time here and couldn't be happier with the restaurant the staff is more than friendly Ghasan was the owner and he made the experience that much better if you're looking for middle eastern cuisine in the city there is no better placeFar too long since my last visit. 
Here it is, the food here is VERY GOOD. It's FRESH, Authentic, and not overpriced.. just right. I  cannot stress enough how good the food is, whether you dine in.. or order your food to-go (which they do). We eat Mediterranean / Middle Eastern food all the time.. Cedar's is top notch in Philadelphia.
The setting is intimate, even romantic for a date.. we also saw a group friends celebrating a birthday. It's a BYOB, and close to other bars in Headhouse if you want to make a night out of it.
I HIGHLY recommend going here now.don't buy groupons for this this place. The lamb kabobs came as 2 tiny skewers with a total of 4 small pieces of lamb. grape leaves were missing filling, regular coffee tastes like ****. and owners are just crooks, they add 20% tip (while groupon does not mention it) to entire amount. i saw people without coupons calculating tips. so between them cutting down on portion sizes and adding 20% for tips, plus tax on entire amount, not on $35 pre fix dinner, you will be spending more than if you did not gave groupon. Food is not that greatI'm a gluten free vegetarian and I recently went to Cedars for dinner after a friend recommended it. I'm so glad I went! I went with a friend, who happens to be vegan, and we found plenty of options! We left absolutely stuffed. We selected several appetizers including the tzatziki, cabbage leaves, mjadra (which are cooked lentils), cauliflower, and falafel. They even let us create our own salad since we both had some dietary restrictions. Everything was so flavorful and delicious! I'm so glad this is in my neighborhood. I loved our server and the owner. This place was recently renovated and had their grand re-opening. It's very chic - I love what they did. I will definitely be back again soon!You go to places like this and you never know what you're going to get.  The reviews seem to yo-yo, but we caught them on a good night.  It's a solid four stars, but the slightly outdated interior and the automatic 25% tip on the Groupon made me think about dropping one.  The BYOB aspect sealed the deal.
The caviar appetizer is unlike anything I've ever had, and it was absolutely delicious.  It's like a whipped, fluffy cream with caviar mixed in.  It's not overpowering and has a wonderfully delicate flavor with a nice hit of acidity.  The grilled octopus appetizer is decent, but not nearly as good as the one at Zorbas, which is outlandishly good.  
Both our entrees were very good.  I had mixed seafood dish, which was light and nicely portioned.  My partner had the lamb kabobs, which were great, but they could have given you a third for the price.
The desserts are fine, but not all that impressive, and certainly not worth the price.A very clean atmosphere...suitable for dinner, not just a little lunch or grab and go establishment.
My wife & I dropped in to sample some appetizers for a light lunch and were pleasantly pleased.  The service was attentive & friendly.
We ordered:  (see pictures at the top)
Dolmades - The rice-stuffed grape leaves were served warm with lemon...perfectly seasoned.
Foul Moudamas  - This is a blend of cooked fava beans, lemon and garlic. The beans had been cooked to a semi-soft consistency and made a rich broth. I'd never tried this before and was pleasantly surprised.
Kibbi - I'd never had kibbi prepared this way...cinammon spiced ground meat, pinenuts & bulgar all encased in a wheat crust and fried...think of it as a Scotch Egg but with Mediterranean filling instead of egg & sausage.
Falafel - A simple well crisped patty of beans, served with pickle, tomato & a tahini sauce...this went great with the pita bread they serve at the table...we rolled them up and had mini-falafel sandwiches.
I'm not sure if the prices are reasonable or not for the entrees, but I'd keep coming back for the appetizers, which comprise about half the menu...they even have a meze tasting that is nothing but a cavalcade of apps...might be the next thing we try.This restaurant is a good introduction to Lebanese and Mediterranean food!  Looking to try something different while in South Street? This is a great choice!This was an amazing experience. Alot of bold flavors and a great staff the owner was hands on and very engaging. We ordered what I believe was called the Mezza, for 35$ dollars you basically eat everything this place has to offer and to top it off it's a BYOB and parking was pretty easy. No Doubt I'd be back again also ask for the toum..Just had another great meal here. The pita is made to order and comes out looking like fluffy fresh pillows. They are so good we always order more. All of the grilled meats are great, especially the lamb. The appetizers are great too. We really like the Greek salad, tabouli, cabbage salad, and of course the hummus. The staff is also incredibly warm and friendly. We've been here over a dozen times and never had a bad meal. This is a real neighborhood gem.Just got takeout here, one of my favorite local spots off of Headhouse. Great falafel and grape leaves. The interior, as mentioned in other reviews, is a little dated, but I think that adds to the charm. Not sure why this place isn't rated higher. Also, doesn't hit the wallet hard. BYOB if dining in.Amazing food and service, came in with a large party and felt like we owned the place. The service was quick and attentive, the food was amazing and we paired great red wine (byob) with every course. Rami took great care of all of us and was very polite and professional. I'm planning on coming back next week if not sooner.this place is good if you want a simple, healthy, good dinner. i had the grilled chicken combo, which included hummus and tabouli, both of which were right on. we got a big basket of pita with our meals that was fine, and some mint iced tea that was great. skip the lebanese coffee, it's nothing fancy, and go for american coffee to end your meal. the place is clean and the staff is super pretty and nice. our dinner ran about $20/person (entree, tea, coffee) and i'd say it's worth it if you're in the south street area and want something a better than the usual.Been here several times. Always a pleasant experience. The food is always great. The portions are filling (never enough for left overs). Price is medium fare. The chocolate mousse is superb they have any). Would surely go again!great service, food is ok, coupon policy is horrible, they add their own tax and gratuity. ended up paying way more than expected.Very unsatisfying. 
The falafel and hummus were good but slightly over priced, at least for the amount of food you received.
The lentil soup was one drop away from sucking on a lemon rind. 
The salad was sitting in a pool of dressing the "Do you want some lettuce with that dressing way". The dressing would have actually been delicious used in moderation AKA about 80% less dressing.
In general there was WAYYY too much lemon in everything.
The atmosphere of the place is nice enough and the staff was friendly but in general the amount of food we got for the amount of money spent was quite out of balance. 
$40 later, we left hungry, slightly sick from lemon acid and unsatisfied.Delicious food! We ordered baba ganouj which was delicious. The gyro and chicken shawarma were also very flavorful. Will definitely go back !The best lebanese restaurant in the city. Delicious food and very friendly service! I would recommend it to all my friends and family.Talking about the confused interiors of this place doesn't matter, because the chicken shawarma is the best in Philadelphia. 
* Perfect Pita
* warm grape leaves
* simple salads
Wait staff is slightly mob cover-up vibe, in a should you know something or be here type of way. It's good though, enjoy it. 
Exterior sign is designed by David Lynch?I'm ashamed I've been in the neighborhood for quite sometime without trying Cedars. I've probably walked in front of the weathered and dimly lit store front 100 times. However, once you walk through the doors, you enter into a welcoming, cozy, candle lit byob. We tried a number of cold and hot appetizers and the lamb shishkabob for the main course. Everything was wonderful. The waiters were very attentive and kind. I will definitely add Cedars to the rotation of great restaurants I dine in the queen village/society hill/olde city area.Love the atmosphere and these guys are so friendly.  The food is amazing.  Best rice and kebabs I ever had and I'm picky!!  Can't wait to come here again.  Oh yeah their hummus is to die for!Philly is not known for its middle eastern food but this is one of the best that Philly has to offer.  
Service is pleasant the restaurant looks updated on the inside.  The mixed grill platter is perfect and just what you need for a middle east fix.
I've been here a couple of times and will go back many more.  
If you're trying to decide where to go... you just found the place.  I think you'll be happy if you want an ethnic treat that is relatively nice on the inside and good for many occasions. This place is pretty quiet.Cedars is a great little place suited for a romantic dinner or a family meal. I have been here for both and have always left happy. If you are adventurous, you should try the Kibbeh Naya. The staff are very friendly and the food is excellent. Be sure to try some Lebanese wine too!I went here with a few friends and we all agreed that this place was very good. They had a lot of vegetarian choices which was really nice. It wasn't too expensive. The service was good, although there weren't too many people in there at the time. Most importantly all the food tasted really good.Found it tucked on a side street away from the main square. We got the baba ghanouj appetizer ($7ish), shish kabab ($8ish) and chicken kabab ($8ish) sandwiches. Delicious, authentic, quick and kind service. If the cost was just a little lower for the portion size, it would have been perfect but still fair pricing for the neighborhood.Uhhh bought a travelzoo coupon that was rather misleading. We didn't get to pick our dessert or wine.  We got the hummus for appetizer which was not something I'd ask for again, the pita bread was hard and chewy. Our entrees were ok I got the kafta which was the highlight.  Our tax and tip was calculated incorrectly (tip was over 20%),i made our waitress correct this for us.  I don't plan on going here again, id rather spend my money at kanella for better mealsmy roommate bought the travelzoo deal, $40 for 2 apps, 2 entrees, bottle of wine and desert.  It was not as good as it sounds!! The pita was dry for the hummus. The spinach pie was ok. The baklava was the only option for dessert, which I was excited about, but the baklava had no nuts!! I have never had baklava without nuts!! worst part they charged us $25 for tax and tip!!! that is insane. never going back again!Very good food. We had the Maza dinner (several small courses) and we really enjoyed it. Cute little place with nice decor. A South Street tradition.I went there twice, it is definitely one of the worst restaurants in the area.  Small meal, average food,  expensive. There r much better options in the city, With a better taste. Don't Waste your MONEY.My husband and I have been coming to Cedar's for years, and we continue to be amazed by the quality of the food. We've never had anything that wasn't absolutely delicious. If you're into Middle Eastern and Lebanese food, or want to dine at a place where the food won't disappoint, this is hands down the best place in Philly.
We tend to order lots of small plates to share. The baba ghannouj, kibbi and stuffed grape leaves are my favorites, while my husband loves the kibbi nayeh, falafel and hommus. Kibbi nayeh is raw meat and may not be for all tastes buds, but if you're into this we highly recommend it. We've also tried the tzatziki, labni, cabbage leaves, tabouli and some of the kebob entrees and everything is delicious. Recently, they've made their pita bread even better and they now serve a homemade version that comes out warm and delightful. I'm getting hungry from writing this review!!
For dessert, we'd always had the baklava and it's great. Recently, though, we tried the Kanafi and it's just unbelievable. All desserts are homemade, and the Kanafi is takes-you-back-to-childhood good. 
We think the owners did a great job with the recent rennovations. The place looks great, the staff is some of the friendliest in Philadelphia, and the food is superb!Roasted chicken is amazing, Hummus is on point, and the baklava ain't too bad either. We'll definitely be back soon!!Despite the fact that the place looks like it hasn't updated its interior since the 1950's, Cedars serves a pretty tasty Lebanese fare. 
We asked for "Lebanese alcohol," and the server recommended wine. We weren't looking for wine, and a after a quick wiki, we knew we wanted Arak. Surely they did have Arak, just not on the menu. It was the first time I had Arak so I don't have any frame of reference, but it's pretty effing strong. I sipped a shot glass equivalent throughout the meal. 
We got (in pictures): 
Kibbi for starters, pretty delicious. 
Salmon with Fries - I'm not a fan of the thick layer or creamy sauce on a nicely grilled piece of fish, but in case ambivalent. The sauce was good. 
Lamb with Hummus and Tabbouleh - My main complaint is that 3 small pieces pep kebab stick didn't justify the price tag. The lamb it self was nicely charred on the outside, and tender inside. Hummus and Tabbouleh, refreshing as always.  
Capped the meal with Turkish coffee and baklava.We went with our neighbors - she of Lebanese descent - and couldn't have been happier. We enjoyed the fixed-price meal, which included stuffed grape leaves, stuffed cabbage leaves, kibbi, hommus, baba ghannouj, tzatziki, pita, shish kebob, and more. Everything was very fresh, piping hot, and delicious. Our friend said it was just like her grandmother used to make. We were at Zahav just last week, and Cedars was better, in our opinion. The dining room was clean, felt modern, quiet, and comfortable with a choice of sitting on chairs or on benches along the wall with plenty of pillows to lean against. It's a BYOB, but we didn't know that and didn't have a bottle with us - no problem, they bought it for us from next door. Service was friendly and attentive. We'll definitely return!We stopped into Cedars on a low key Friday night and found the service to be lovely, and the place to be warm and cute. At Middle-Eastern restaurants, I usually leave wishing I had just ordered a bunch of appetizers instead of one app and an entry so that is exactly what I did this time around. Items we ordered ran the gamut from fresh and delightful to below average (the pita was straight up dry and stiff). Oh well, maybe it was an off night but I've had consistently better middle eastern food at many other places around Philly.The fresh pita is melt in your mouth fantastic. The food was fantastic, and the service great. It is a nice little breath of fresh air right off of South St. Recommended for that authentic Middle Eastern experience.Are you kiddin me??
Why are the reviews so bad for this place?
I did the all you can eat during which they bring so much food as you like. I loved every single item and the dessert as well.
With tax and tip I ended up with a 45$ bill which is way more than I expected. That's why I am giving it 4 stars!Wow!
So, I was kind of in the mood for low key, I didn't want to do myself up and go to one of our regular spots. I walked passed Cedars yesterday like I have many times and decided that was where I wanted to go for dinner. So when my boyfriend got home I announced there was a bottle of wine in the fridge and we're going to try a new BYOB.
We were greeted very warmly by our server who promptly opened our wine and told us about the specials. He was extremely helpful with the menu, so helpful that everything sounded good and we ordered way too much!
We started out with the hummus appetizer which was deliciously smooth and perfectly warm. That came with piping hot pita bread fresh out of the oven. I know this because it was still puffy when he brought out two huge pieces. :) yum!
We also started with the grilled octopus..we were hesitant because it was $16 but another couple had told us it was totally worth it. It comes prepared in sauteed veggies, onions, peppers and cherry tomatoes. Normally I'm not a  huge onion and pepper fan but I seriously could not stop eating these onions! The octopus was tender and cooked perfectly.
I ordered the seafood rice..unfortunately I don't remember what it was actually called. But it was DELICIOUS!!! A giant portion of rice with mixed seafood, scallops, shrimp and salmon. So giant I took the majority of it for lunch AND shared it with a co-worker. He assured me he was going to visit Cedars with his wife soon.
My boyfriend opted for the lamb kabobs and they were also delicious. I loved that you could get veggies and hummus as a side or rice and veggies. I asked for a small side of tzatzki because who doesn't love lamb with tzatzki! Comes with three giant kabobs and those leftovers will be my dinner tonight!
The owner or manager (I'm not sure) came around and made small talk with us and was very friendly. The service was great, our server came around filling our wine glasses and checking on us regularly. 
Great casual spot for a delicious meal! I can't wait to try more!Dined there last evening with a friend. Very gracious service from Ramy (sp?), very good food.This is a really great place to try, especially if you are a vegetarian.
The dining room is grand and it feels like you are in a mansion. I love their kabobs (get the lamb) and grilled meatballs. Oh, not to mention this is a totally affordable place to grab dinner with your friends.I have to agree with the other reviewer who had the Travelzoo coupon. We paid $39 for the coupon too, which was to include 2 apps, 2 entrees, 2 desserts and a bottle of wine. The app we chose was the sampler plate and we thought it was fine, though at $14, a bit price-y. There were a couple of spreads and some rolled grape leaves plus feta and olives on shredded lettuce. It was attractive but since it was expensive it was equal to 2 apps. They let us pick whatever entree we wanted. One of us had the moussaka, which was fine.  The other had the salmon, which was tasteless and had a cotton-y texture. It was seriously bad and it didn't even seem fresh, there was that vague ammonia smell that is a sign that fish has been out of water too darn long. I was kind of excited about dessert because I saw they had chocolate mousse on the menu but no one gave us a chance to even choose the dessert. The waiter just came out and plopped two dishes on the table. Well, the waiter should have been embarassed because on the plaste were  two of the teensiest slices of baklava. I'm not kidding, they were just a little longer and wider than your average Marlboro 100 cigarette and so thin that there was room only for phyllo dough, no filling. It was ridiculous and they charged us $4 for each for a pretzel stick of what was basically puff pastry. The wine by the way was a Barefoot Cabernet. I think Barefoot is about a $7 bottle at my local liquor store. They marked it up to $35. When the bill came they charged us about $8 for tax and tacked on for themselves a whopping tip. Between the cost of the Travelzoo coupon and the $26.50 they added this dinner cost about $66 bucks. Worst meal in recent history, no bargain at all. I will never recommend it to anyone or go back there myself. Total rip.Really great food, mediocre to indifferent service.
I am not sure if the service is typically this way, or if it's because we went there with a Groupon.  
The overall experience is as follows:
-We were seated in a horrible spot,  where the staff and customers bumped into my chair every time they tried to pass.   My friend was scrunched with his stomach against the table (and he's a skinny dude).
-We asked to substitute the wine with something of equal value - NO.
-We asked to be seated elsewhere - NO. 
-We got 4 stuffed cabbage leaves, when the menu said 6.
-We had no choice of dessert.
-We were asked to pay a gratuity of 20% based on the restaurant's esimate value of our meal, which was not what we ate, and not the tip we would have left it were up to us.
It's unfortunate, because I thought the food was very good, and would have recommended this place and returned myself, if it the experience was more pleasant.LOVE this place. Good food, good prices and small crowds equal good spot.
Its small and quaint. Food is very good, and staff is quick and helpful. 
Have had numerous items on the menu, from their skewers, gyros, lamb, dolmades, and eastern coffee. 
It seems to be a mix of greek, turkish, middle-eastern cuisine. Very good bang for your buck. Good date spot, as its candle-lit, decent music, open for conversation and away from the typical crowds in Old City or nearby south street.My Sunday stroll around South Street made me stumble into this little gem! (You like that alliteration?) Friend and I weren't as hungry, but we decided to check it out anyway. Decor is a bit outdated, with several praises and awards going back to 1991 and 1996, but hey, the chairs were comfortable! It also seemed that there were some regulars there which is a good sign.
We ordered the Kibbi (three mini hot pockets filled with ground meat) and Shish Taouk (grilled chicken and veggie skewers with rice) to share, and they were delish! However, the pita bread that came to us before our dinner came was meh. Warm, yes, but very chewy.  I really liked the skewers, and the rice was cooked to perfection. The yogurt sauce that comes with the dish delivers, and I smothered that all over everything. 
Some added pluses is that it's a BYO and accept card. If Fez isn't open yet, go to Cedars!Stopped by here tonight off a recommendation. Seems like many people like it, I must've hit them on an off night. The restaurant was empty, that's not usually a good sign. I order the garlic chicken, it was ok, the chicken itself was over cooked, no veggies come with their entres. The potatoes in the batata harra were raw in the middle, the hummus had way too much lemon in it. To add insult to injury the food was way overpriced for what it was. I didn't think it was worth the visit and most likely will not be back.I've eaten here 5 times, once with a large group and the staff couldn't have been more accomodating if they'd tried, pushing tables together and moving things around.  The food isn't gourmet nor does it claim to be...just good old-fashioned Lebanese cooking at an amazing price point.  Love the moussaka, love the kibbe, love it all really.  Very cozy atmosphere, kindof like eating at a Lebanese neighbor's house.  I highly recommend it, and a great spot to go on a date too.I tried the Mezza, great trial run. All food was delicious and got to experience a number of the restaurants flavors.The food here is good, but we have a serious complaint about their coupon policy. It ended up costing us considerably more to eat there with a so-called discount coupon than if we had just ordered on our own. First of all, they don't allow you to order the more expensive appetizer dishes using the coupon. Second, they include a bottle of wine, which, for two couples, means two bottles. This was not the problem. The problem was that the final bill includes tip and tax for what the total would have been without the coupon, which therefore includes a bottle of wine we would not have ordered. We also would not have ordered the dessert. We will not return. What they gained in the short term, they lost in terms of future customers.They have the best Middle Eastern food. Never had a bad meal there. Everything tastes great.I can't speak to the prices, because I was a guest here (at a wedding rehearsal dinner) but the food is delicious and the staff are attentive and lovely!  It felt like being at a dinner in someone's home.  We had dolmades, kibbe (for the meat-eaters), falafel, mujadara (lentils with rice and onions), labneh (soft cheese, almost yogurty in texture), baba ganoush and hummus and pita,  and finally skewers of grilled chicken and lamb.  There was also some Lebanese wine on offer that was tasty and unusual.  I'm looking forward to visiting again!Place is kinda similar to what was left of the restaurant business in Baghdad, first of all I want to clarify that we had a groupon. It said appetizers for 2, dinner for 2, and desert for 2 for 35$. Sounds like a good deal right ? NOOOO they charged us 5$ for a coca cola in a can and 5$ for a ice tea, plus added 25 $ tax to our bill and added his own gratuity to our bill as well. Then they insisted that we pay in cash sisnce we had a groupon, as they don't want to let groupon see that they are adding on additional charges that are not in the agreement. Now here is the worst part, the food was terrible, I mean terrible, They served my food on a pre-sectioned plate, the kind that you give to kindergarteners. I'm so not surprised and the kebabs, they were 90% girlled tomatoes and peppers, basically it was a veggie kebab with a side order or 2 or 3 chicken cubes. The bread wasn't worty of even being called bread, I think they bought that shit from mecca market and just threw it in the microwave . you can go to wah gi wah or some indian , paki , or Turkish place if you want good bread and kebabs.. The dinner winded up costing us 75$ and I swear you can make better food at home. The place is a scam and I have already reported them to groupon but now my last task has been accomplished , and that was to warn the public about these clowns and their treasure of garbage they call cedar's restaurant !Yelp reviews landed me in Cedars while I was on a trip to Philly and staying a block away.  From the website the limited days and hours they operate got me thinking it was very exclusive and perhaps a snob factor was included at no extra charge.  I was glad to find it was just your typical restaurant.  My called in take out order was ready within 10 minutes and very reasonable for the money.  The garlic chicken and spinach pie were were more than enough for dinner.  The spinach pie is a must try item.  It is a very simple concept of cooked spinach put into a pita bread shell but with a little lemon juice on it; wow.  If I ever stay near here on a future trip I will probably go back just for the spinach pie.Great middle eastern cuisine with a cozy and quiet atmosphere,  I eat here often and it never disappoints.We just had Sunday dinner at this spot over the weekend.  We had never been here before, but purchased a half-price Groupon.  I Pita bread was definitely dry and stiff.  The service was great, maybe because we were the only customers there at the time.  The food was pretty good, though the portions were too small, especially the dessert portions.  Here's the kicker though, the Groupon price was what it should've been, however, they charged us tax (which would've been fine if it wasn't 10% tax!) and included a 25% gratuity! It wasn't the worst experience we've had, but we won't be going back.This place is a hidden gem.  Phenomenal food matched with an intimate atmosphere.  The grilled chicken and rice is amazing.What a perfect place for a party!  We recently celebrated my daughter's graduation and had a wonderful evening.  The staff could not have been more welcoming and accommodating. The restaurant is not usually open on Tuesdays, but they opened specially for us so that we could mark this special occasion.  The food was delicious and plentiful.  We loved all the appetizers, including the hummus, baba ganoush, falafel, lentil rice, cauliflower, stuffed cabbage and grape leaves.  But the highlight was definitely the lamb and chicken kebabs.  And, best of all, our gluten free daughter and guest could eat almost all the dishes.  We highly recommend Cedars, and look forwarded to returning soon.This byo has very good Lebanese food.  The pita bread is baked fresh.  The falafels are well seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The shwarma and kabobs are cooked very well.  The lamb was tender.  Also, the rice was not overcooked or dry.  They recently renovated the place as well, so it looks modern and clean.   I highly recommend this spot!I went to the newly refurbished cedars last night after a long hiatus.  We were encouraged to order the mezes platter which all eight of us did.  Be warned - it is a mountain of food but a terrific way to try almost all the appetizers.  Everything was delicious but a special call out of the home cooked pita, the babaganoush, and my husband loved the chicken shish kebab.
Incredibly friendly staff and they let us watch the pita being made which puffs up instantly in the oven.  This restaurant is a great option for casual dining with interesting and tasty food.Best Lebanese food. Wish it was in my neighborhood, i'd be here everyday!
Can't  beat $8.00 for lunch. It cost mor to eat at a shitty fast food restaurant.We used a half price groupon and still the bill was way too high for what we got. The food is good but portions are very small, not worth the price. I have had just as good food in order and sit-down or take out type of place for a lot cheaper and more generous portions. Mint tea was very good though :)I've been to this place a few times, but it's been a while.  I was hoping it would still be as good as I remember.
We were seated inside.  The decor is exactly what you'd expect for a Middle Eastern restaurant... its a bit 'off' but upscale, clean, and very nice.  Just not what I'd call 'stylish'.
We were seated by the window which in my eyes is always a plus.  We had a restaurant.com $25 voucher and you have to order 2 Maza's.  I'm a vegetarian, and my boyfriend is quite the opposite... so I was a bit concerned that I'd get the typical veggieburger treatment.
Not in the least!  They just kept bringing out plates and plates of food- fallafel, hummus, baba ganoush, these fried meat-ball things that my boyfried was gaga over, bean salad, taboulli, a veggie and rice dish (my boyfriend got lamb and chicken shish kabobs), by the time we left, we were literally about to fall over.  EVERYTHING was worth a) the price we paid, and b) the space it took up in my stomach.  The pace was a bit quick, but our waitress recognized us stalling a bit, and told the kitchen to slow it down without us even having to say anything.... so obviously the service rocked.
BEST PART- this place is a BYO so grab a bottle of wine or a growler of beer and enjoy.  
We walked out with a $40 bill, some leftovers, and a big smile on our faces.  I wouldn't recommend the Maza if you're headed out afterwards, as you'll fall asleep, but I recommend Cedars for every meal you'll ever eat.  Its delicious, reasonably priced, conveniently located, the service is great, etc.  A true gem right off of South Street.Amazing food, great ambience, super friendly staff. The food is incredibly authentic. The lamb is amazing. Highly recommend.Luckily I had a Groupon, or I would have felt guilty spending more money to come here.  For dinner at 8PM on a Wed night, we were the only ones in here.  The waiter was extremely nice and attentive which is the main reason I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1.  Unfortunately, the food just wasn't very good.
For apps we got the Taramasalta which was overwhelmingly salty and the pita it came with tasted kind of stale.  We also got the grilled octopus which came over a salad dressed w/ a balsamic dressing.  The octopus tasted like rubber.  I've actually have never had such bad octopus before.  
Entrees: The lamb kabobs came as 2 tiny skewers with a total of 4 small pieces of lamb.  The lamb was also so overcooked and totally stuck to the metal skewers that I could barely get it off.  The rice it came with, however, was pretty good.  We also got this salmon entree with some kind of tahini cream sauce over it which was the only redeeming aspect of the meal.  It was pretty good, although the salmon was undercooked and we had to send it back once.
The baklava was also pretty good for dessert.  All in all, I probably won't come back here again.I visited this terrible and tax fraud place on 5th september 2011( labor day at 8:30 pm) . I and my husband got a combo for 39$ from travel zoo. I have filed a tax fraud to IRS for this restraunt. I want to inform everybody please do not visit this place if possible. We were charged randomly 7$ as tax and 18$ as SERVICE CHARGE. Total of 25$ ( the receipt was not valid, as they randomly wrote on loose piece of paper and handed to us and strictly told us to pay by cash. I want to make sure you guy are aware before visiting this place. They were many student around the area, so I think they do not care as food was cheap.. I want to make sure we all fight against this. PLEASE DO NOT VISIT THIS PLACE. Moreover I ordered SPANAKOPITA ( spinach and cheese in puff pastry) which was microwaved. Food quality was worst and even 2 serves were total improffesional wearing some crazy clothes with hair loose open and not washed properly. Please do not visit. Please contact through email to ask more about it.An OK place.
The wine by the glass is expensive for it's terroir.
Best to order just the standard appetizers b/c you get the same sides on any dinner plate.
Skip the deserts, they were dry and very hard. The coffee will need 3-4 sugars and keep you up all night.We had a great and very satisfying meal here on a whim and we do not regret it. The Shawarma was very well spiced and quite satisfying. The arnabeet, a new dish to us, from their hors d'oeuvre sampler was particularly outstanding. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. We will be returning.My husband and I loved this restaurant. The food is to die for:hubby said it was the best shish kebab he's had in a long time and I loved the vegetarian choices - I chose an eggplant and vegetable dish. We also enjoyed the baklava, which was just right. We used a restaurant.com coupon and because the prices are so unbelievably reasonable for the food you get, we couldn't get the bill up to $50, so they kindly prorated the discount. It's a nice location near Headhouse Square in the Society Hill area. Very attractive place. I would definitely recommend this.I went to Cedars tonight with some friends for my friends bday. One word: Unbelievable! The service was amazing, the food was mouth watering and Ghassan, I believe the owner, was a delight and took photos of our group and went above and beyond. We shared several apps from the hummus, spanakopita, calamari, cabbage, and falafels to name a few and all dishes were prepared to order, fresh and so tasty!!!! I have been here at least four times and I will be back again! Keep up the great work!!!This is the only Middle Eastern place to go. 
Best Chicken Shawarma in Philadelphia. 
Their fresh Pita will put anyone else to shame. 
Great people, and all around.Really good food, very friendly and helpful staff, quiet atmosphere.  We loved it.  We had a coupon and were told we had to pay cash because of that which was sort of weird but other than that, had an excellent meal.
Try the cheese kanafeh for dessert!Great food! I enjoyed the arnabeet (fried cauliflower) and baba ghanoush on the cedars combo platter. Vegetarian options excellent. Friendly server.
I was happily surprised on this visit to find they have new chairs!! The previous chairs were too plush, oversized and dominated the dining area. The newer chairs are much better and makes for a more pleasant dining atmosphere.Excellent food! This is truly a hidden treasure. The hummus is top notch. The mixed grill with tabbouleh is fresh and delicious. The variety of menu options feels much more unique than your typical Mediterranean restaurant. I will definitely be coming back again.I have eaten at Cedars a few times now and I cannot say that I was disappointed with anything. The staff is gracious and attentive, the decor is awesome and the food is delicious. I have gone alone and with groups of people. My sister requests Cedars every time she visits. The falafel is tasty and crisp and the grape leaves are superb. Even my finicky boyfriend who is terrified of food he cannot pronounce is comfortable at this restaurant. Lebanese is my favorite cuisine and I really enough this place. A few of the reviews question the prices but I don't find them to be outrageous for a casual sit down meal in the city. Sure it would be great if it were cheaper but the price doesn't keep me away. Worth a visit.The food here is delicious and authentic. My roommate's parents (who are very Lebanese) brought us here and described the food as "fantastic." 
We got the hummus, baba ghannouj,  foul moudamas, and fatush salad for an appetizer. The flavors were nuanced and unique. Everything was served with fresh pita. For entrees we ordered shish taouk, moussaka, shawarma, the shish kebob combo, and the kafta kebob combo. Service was great, and very personal. Ended up giving us a free dessert.I could not have asked for a better restaurant to have my 27th birthday party. I made the reservation almost a month in advance, forgot to call the restaurant to confirm the day of, and walked in to see my table for 8 people perfectly set up and waiting. Since I had never experienced this restaurant before, as well as neither as my friends, I was a little nervous to have chosen it for my birthday celebration. I could not have been happier with my decision. We received some of the best service I've ever had from Rom (sp?), who was unbelievably attentive, professional, and so friendly. The food was absolutely delicious, everyone got something different with lots of plates to share. The kibbeh and falafel were amazing, and my platter of chicken, hummus, and tabbouleh was perfect! I am 100% coming back, and I advise anyone reading this to do the same! Wonderful food, exceptional service, affordable prices, and BYOB! It doesn't get much better than that.It isn't the most amazing meal you will ever eat, but it's tasty food at a reasonable price. There are plenty of vegetarian choices, excellent appetizers, and rich but small desserts so you can have something sweet without trying to find room in your stomach for a ginormous slice of cake.
The staff is friendly and warm, service is pretty fast, and I've always been satisfied.We were there 4.17.13.  Everything we had was superb.
Appetizers: Cabbage Rolls and Kibbi
Entrees:  Salmon with Feta Cheese and Olives/Lamb Kebob Combo
Desserts:  Baklava
I had the Lentil Soup too.  It was light and very tasty.
Our waiter was Tony.  He was most helpful, not annoying, and very attentive to our needs.
We will definitely will be back here again.