Reminded me of when I was little in New York haven't had pizza like that in ages if you want some that will take you back to the good old days this is it loved it still craving for moreHad sworn off one of my all time favorites about a year ago after getting delivered one too many grease pooled pies.
luckily, thanks to a good friend of mine insisting they still had it, i went in to the dining room last night and had a plain pie, cooked well done. (standard)
it was a diamond.  pure and simple.  perfection.  crisp. lack of oil pools. piping hot. savory cheese and sauce perfectly balanced.
thanks celebre's!  youve won me back!!One of the very best things about Phillies season for me is that I get to visit Celebre's regularly without making a special trip. I gotta admit, it just isn't a game unless we stop there first... (even when you're grilling in the jetro lot, you need some hoagies to tide you over 'til the burgers are done)
Celebre's Pizza is one of my top 3 in the city-- deliciously garlicky, salty sauce; thick, quality cheese; thin crispy crusts with freshly doughy ends... almost perfection.
Celebre's hoagies are a million times better than Primo's. And weigh about 5 pounds. Literally.
Celebre's fries are out of this galaxy.
Celebre's has beer. $4 Stella's (yay!); $5 Yuenglings(boo!). Can't explain the logic, but hey-- it's pizza and beer, what more could you want?
Some caveats:
         -Game times and weekends they are very very very busy. If you're picking up, order well ahead of time and be prepared to wait a minute before you can let them know you're there. If you're eating in, be prepared to wait, be prepared for a slightly hustled feeling, and be prepared for noise (games-- raucous fans; weekends-- bored teens)
        -If you want split checks, tell them the very moment they come over to speak with you. Son't wait until the order is in. I promise, you'll have a much better, faster time.
        -It's South Philly. The waitresses are representative. You'll have the most pleasant experience possible if you just accept that, stop judging, and don't try to change them. 
        - The waitresses ARE waitresses and they do a damn fine job-- make sure you actually tip them.Celebre's is a personal favorite pizza of mine. it's done differnent. I love the cheese the toothpick cooking technique, the waitresses, the location. It's a win. Barring Chickies and Pete's not being there Celebre's was the ultimate stop after any game. I still go there when I can. I love it.After nearly two years--out on the West Coast-Hollywood..Beverly Hills..(I'm a writer-so, I get out there often)-  I returned to my hometown..of South Philly...and...was craving a Celebre's pizza--!!   I ordered two pizzas- one plain-one pepperoni....& they were ..terrific-!
Crisp-....firm crust,  tasty "gravy"...(or sauce) -with just the right amount of cheese-!
Let me tell you--been eating Celebre's pizza--since I was a student at South Philly High School & St. Joseph's College-....& it still   "The best"-!!
I have eaten the so called "best"..on the Left Coast..& no comparison--
Do yourself a favor-  eat a Celebre Pizza--!   It is an eating 'experience'..!  Five Stars-! (And being a full blooded Italian/American...I am very fussy ! )-
Keep up the great work guys,
RichieGreat Pizza .I tryed the Cheese steak Pizza also very good.I've only been in a couple times but I get deliveremore often.  My favorite is the pepperoni cheese steak stromboli.   It  has to be made by Joe (THE OLDMAN)he's A STROMBOLI ARTIST.  He puts together an awesome Stromboli that comes out perfect not too greasy it's a beautiful thing.My kids love this stuff so we keep going back. We usually pre-order and hot, fresh pizza is waiting for us in under 20 mins. Toppings are generous, and crust is good enough that we polish it off as well. Reasonably priced.The pizzaz pizza is THE best pizza in Philly. You can only get a whole pie, not a slice, but there's no way you could eat just one slice anyway! The plain pie and curly fries are great too, but I hardly ever order anything but the pizzaz. If you have not tried this pizza, you are seriously missing out.
They are super busy on game days, so plan ahead. In my experience (and I have plenty), they've always delivered within the amount of time they said they would. I would wait forever for this pizza though...This is pizza heaven! I must say that I've been here many times and its one of the best pizza places EVER. I love pizza. It's probably one of my favorite foods and this places does it right. First off this is not "greek" pizza this is true Italian pizza, very nice crusty pizza and NOT oily. The people who have reviewed this place are either two things: Snobs who do not appreciate a nice old school pizza restaurant or people that Greek pizza. This is one of the few nice places you can go and sit down and enjoy a pie in the City. Another of my fa vs is Marras but that's for another review. For good old school pizza with a nice old lady bringing you food and you can have a nice beer or two this is your place. The others who have reviewed this poorly at just not pizza people. Plain and simple.Still the best pizza around! Get this... their crust actually is flavorful! That's right, unlike other pizza places, where the difference between the box and crust is hard to differentiate, this crust isn't just a place for the toppings to rest, it's part of the meal!
I have numerous choices locally, but will drive an hour, round trip, to get a pizza from Celebre's. Try the Pizz-azz!Ordered a pizza... After waiting 90 minutes I called to check on status and the guy said "sorry man, we don't deliver there." Sorry? No phone call. Did not think this through when placing the order. 90 minutes? Extremely bad customer service says all I need to know about their pizza.Having brushed elbows with some of the best pizzas this world has to offer, I can say that by far NY has the best...BUT  I am willing to consider others....In other words since moving down from NY, I've given myself permission to see other pizzas...Celebre is one of those gems...Try the VIP Stromboli....pizza's are phenomenal....Another favorite with the locals down here...Nice interior too..tables..chairs...all that good stuff...Blows City Pizza into the ground...Right next to Chickie and Pete's in that shopping center..Pretty good! As Philly pizza goes its not the best ever but definitely one of the better ones. Until Lorenzo's opens back up, it'll take my top spot. Pair this with some chickie's wings, and you'll be happy! Love the crust!used to be a great pizza years back now the sauce is bland the cheese is salty (lower grade and probably part skim ) they used to use grande cheese  which is a creamy mozzarella and as for the crust  tastes like a shell    I will not be going backI have visited this establishment several times over the span of many years.  This is a great "change of pace" pizza that packs a lot of flavor.  Most recently, we went with a half pepperoni and half mushroom, a white with tomato and hot peppers, and also a side order of their NEW hand cut fries.
As a resident of the suburbs, this an extremely convenient and easy location to get in and out of.  The restaurant neighbors Chickie's & Pete's as well as Termini Bros in and is nestled in close proximity to the stadium complex area (South Philadelphia).  It is an older restaurant but certainly shows good upkeep. It still however feels as if you took a trip back in time upon entry.  Be careful with the front door as it can close with a crowd stopping whoosh on a windy day. 
The Neapolitan pizza had a very nice combination and measurement of sauce and cheese.  The sauce is very flavorful and a good dose of saltiness comes top of mind first.  Although a thin crust this a heavier pizza. Celebre is also very generous with the toppings.  I personally was a bigger fan of the pepperoni over the mushrooms.
The white pizza is definitely lighter and for that reason, if in the mood, could be gobbled down rather quickly.  The tomatoes packed great flavor and a medium grade banana pepper was used as the "hot pepper."  We thoroughly enjoyed this pizza.
Although our 4 year old dismissed them, my wife and I loved the fresh hand cut fries.  They are a new addition to the Celebre menu and am sure will be a staple for years to come. Your alternative here is a curly fry, and although we did not try them, appeared to be that all too often used "phony fry."  The hand cut are very similar to what you would find at a Five Guys and go very well with a malt vinegar accompaniment.  Our order on this most recent visit was for takeout so I unfortunately do not know if this is provided for dine-in.  My only disappointment here was the amount of fries provided.  They were placed in a very small to-go container.
Your best option for dessert is next door at Termini's (chocolate chip ricotta cannoli w fresh powdered sugar).  If you do not already know this, you better call somebody.
Skimming through some other reviews, I noticed that their Buff Chix pizza is rated very highly.  Celebre's offers free delivery, within reasonable distance of course, and also catering options.
I am already looking forward to my next visit.I grew up on this pizza. Fantastic flavor and well done pie. Still to this day my favorite pizza in the Philadelphia area. Great game-day stop for all the Philly sports faithful. Cheesesteaks are very good as well. Highly recommend!!! Gloria is the best!!Horrible pizza, and even worse service.  For some reason this has been a traditional stop-off before a Phillies game with my husbands work.  Maybe 30 years ago this place rocked and had great food but no more.  I like to find nice non-chain places to eat and Philly has tons of those; and most are way better than chains BUT Celebre is not in this category.  The pizza is hot but the taste is not.If you happen to find yourself in South Philly and want to avoid the craziness of Chickie's and Pete's which is practically next door, I recommend checking out this neighborhood pizza joint. Nothing particularly special about it, but the pizza is good, the hand cut fries are always blazing hot, and it doesn't get too crowded (at least not when I was there which was twice around dinner during the week). On the other hand, I can't exactly praise them for their service as you pretty much have to yell over to them if you want a refill or the check; but then again a small price to pay for otherwise very satisfying pizza.Good pizza.  But that's not what's memorable about Celebre.  
Wrought iron garden tables and chairs, paper plates and plastic cutlery.  Walk in and you see the same customers as the last time you were there a few months ago.  And the feel of South Philly.  Celebre has it's own unique charm.Old time south philly.  Yo. We've been going here for 20 years or more and I really like the quality of the pizza. It's gone up in price that you're paying for something that is really from South Philly and it's very good pizza. The strip mall that it's in has a number of Italian food delicacy places that are worth a stop as well.The smell of garlic hits you as you walk in. The warm and welcoming staff invites you to stay and the crispy thin crust pizza served hot and fresh ensures you will come back.
Was it the BEST pizza? No.  I found it a little greasy.. but the crust was excellent and that is hard to find. It was thin and crispy. The sauce does stand out. It bites back a little.
My boyfriend and I sat down at a really great marble and wroght iron table (without any nasty straightout of southphilly eighteen year old hostess attitude that we experienced at Chickie and Pete's across the parking lot).
We made a mistake ordering as we thought red pizza didn't come with cheese, and instead of taking our pie back, the kitchen sent out something for us extra instead. That is service you can't find anymore. It reminded me of how things used to be and for that, this place has earned my repeated business.I order here all the time when I do arena and stadium shows, what a place!!! Super friendly staff, a clean building and the best food! I have fed multiple national touring acts over the years from here and they love it! They actually request it when they come back again!! You cant go wrong with this spot, good people doing legendary things!!!Just consistently good pizza, you can't go wrong.  We love the buffalo chicken and also the pizzaz.  I'm sure the regular pizza is good as well.
This place is 100% no frills and honestly the service is OK, the people are not terribly friendly but I promise you that once you take a bite you won't care at all!  
No delivery, but quick take-out is always available.One of the best pizza places in the city.  The white pizza is the best I have ever had anywhere.  The red pie is also very good.  Perfect mix of sauce and cheese.  The Pizzazz pizza which they invented is also great!  If you want a Stromboli go for the VIP.  Amazing!  Beer is also available here.  Cash or CC.  Enjoy!Absolutely fantastic! This is one of the best spots for a reasonably priced meal before a game or a concert at the stadiums. 
Pizza is fab and the low key atmosphere makes you feel comfortable. 
Get their early though b/c it's not exactly a secret that Celebre Pizza's wonderful and close to the stadiums.I wanted to love it, I really did. Just ok, a bit too salty and nothing really "wow" about it. Too crowded. I'll take Marra's any day.Well--I used to eat there with my buddies when I was in college--& been around t many places...(Coast to Coast)  tho born & raised in South Philly--!
I can tell you without reservation.. Celebre is still "THE" best pizza in the city !
Crust not too thick....the gravy  (sauce)  is perfect...& I order it well done-
The staff is really nice  (esp Carmella )--
You can NOT go wrong....for a great pizza !!
Richard A.If the lady serving us wasn't such a b**ch, I'de give this place at least 4 stars, but come on you can't treat everyone like thatOnly had this once...real good though. The veggie pizza was off the heezy.One thing to say...best pizza in Philly.  Ignore C&P (which is next door) and go into this neighborhood place for some of the best pie you'll ever expereince.There's a pizza style found only in Philly called Pizzazz.  After reading about it on the internet, I knew I had to try it.  No one knows where it began and why but I was recommended to try it at Celebre's Pizzeria in deep South Philly near the stadiums.  Basically it is a pizza topped with American cheese, tomatoes, and hot cherry peppers.   There is no sauce.  Well surprisingly it is very tasty...even with American cheese as their topping base.  Celebre's makes a good pizza to begin with and their Pizzazz Philly-style right out of the oven is very easy to eat.  Just go with a friend because they don't sell it by the slice!Celebre's is fantastic.  I usually order the VIP Stromboli because it is simply the best stromboli I have ever had.  I also suggest you try the pizzaz because it is a nice change of pace from the regular pizza pie. When I'm in the area of the stadiums this is where I want my pizza from. If you are smart you will call ahead for your take out order because they tend to get pretty busy during peak pizza hours.  Nothing fancy and not over friendly but a good real deal spot.Yes no words can explain how great this little spot is... Maybe the BEST pizzeria in South Philly, or all of Philly. I used to come down here atleast once a month and it was even better when my father and i used to work in the city ... 
Their Sicilian is Amazing ...(go with the half and half).  Their crust is great, and yes i mentioned crust. You go in there and you will not see any crust on their pans from the people who have ordered it. The smell alone when you start to walk up to the place is just inviting.. the smell of the pizza in the oven, makes one impatient .
I brought my wife for the first time and at first she thought pizza was pizza.. What a shock she was in when she tried a slice. the sauce they use is delicious.. i love pizza... it is not like the greasy "Greek" style. You can tell the difference between Italian style and Greek style..... the oil.. their pizza crust is not covered in it.
plus enjoy a slice of how you want it with a cold beer.. good bottle selections too
Its small and if you decide to go in before a sporting event .. good luck, and even after the games the place gets packed. Best time is before (1-2 hrs) or during the game if you don't have a ticket.
If you don't want pizza( you should be slapped back to reality) they have other great sandwiches... I personally like their Sausage special , or their Italian hoagie.. Go with the sausage special .. its just that good.. the rolls they put it on is fresh and its not that store brand rolls.... 
zero complaintsGreat local pizza shop. The Cruton and pizzaz pizzas are the best. 
The place has the old school family run sort of feel. Very nice people.Celebre's is our favorite in South Philly! They sell beer by the bottle and the pizza is great. If you're coming after game, the place gets packed! There is a $25 credit card minimum and they definitely aren't worried about the "frills" -- paper plates and styrofoam cups a plenty!Definitely in the top 3 for best pizza in the city! I ask for it well done if not it doesnt taste as good.I would love to give this place 5 starts but I have a real problem. Even when you order to eat in they give you paper plates and styrofoam cups (with lids for water). That is not only a terrible environmental practice, but it can't make economical sense. If they bought a few cups and plates and washed them it would be better for everyone. 
The pizza is excellent and the people working are very nice. I hope they take this advice and make a change so we can come back again.I love their chicken Caesar salad! I get it on a regular basis for lunch. The croutons are homemade pizza dough crouton. They are amazing!!There honestly isn't much about this place that stands out. The crust was OK, the sauce was a little bland and salty, and the sausage was actually kind of nasty and ruined the pizza we ordered. I feel like all the 5-star reviews must be for the sake of nostalgia. Y'all need to get out of your little slice of South Philly and see that other people are doing pizza better.First time ordering pizza from this restaurant. The tomato sauce has too much garlic.  The crust is hard.  I do not recommend this place.After having quite a few second chances issues issued to a former pizza staple for me, I am done with this place. I am not sure if it's an ownership issue, a pride issue, or the fact that things haven't been the same since Chickie's and Pete's opened next door. I had wanted to try Gennaro's tonight which was closed, and said I guess I'll roll the dice on Celebres. Mistake. It was basically slop. I ordered a sausage and onion pie, which is random but there was such a surplus of cheese and sauce on it it had to be eaten with a fork. First piece pick it up all falls off; major violation (get your crust right). I won't be returning. It was a good run they had but I've matured my tastebuds.Always ate here since I was in South Philly High School & later took my college buddies from St Joseph's .
As  a writer, have eaten pizzas all over  (The over hyped  NY Pizza  & other places )
A high quality pizza-(In my opinion  most "Under rated" Pizza in Philly )
Just  LUV  the classic Celebre pizza !
The crust in crunchy & not greasy (Never gives me "Agita" or heartburn ) & the gravy (sauce) is awesome !  They will adjust how much cheese you want )  I like light cheese !
Try the  "Pizzaz"  pizza for something different !  Very nice, prompt service-
Give it a try before or after a game-
Richie in PhillyStill the best pizza in South Philly after all of these years. Eat in, delivery or pick up, you can't go wrong. The pizzaz pizza is one of a kind. Comfort food for us Italian Guys! Service is typical South Philly. You want pizza, go here.Last time I was here it was in 2015. Pizza was great. Was in town and did a little tour of the old neighborhood. Since it was 4th of July the other 2 pizza places were closed. Was really excited that celebre's was open. My step brother from out of town was with me and I wanted to give him good pizza! Well I was very disappointed. My husband got 4 slices. 2 for him and 1 each for my brother and I. It looked really soft and not crispy or like pizza used to be. It was worse than Elio's! It was like white bread with gravy and cheese. My husband eats everything and anything and he even threw the 2 1/2 slices away after eating his one slice. I are the cheese off of mine. I can't believe it was so terrible. What's going on celebre's ?This place is gross. Pizza cookies rude as hell. Looks like he's gonna kill you for ordering pizza.Great pizza (Their pizzazz is fabulous), great sandwiches, fresh salads, quick delivery. 
Never had a bad experience here - very consistent.The pizza was mediocre.  I definitely think there are a few better Philly established pizza joints.  One thing that I can't knock is the service.  Our server was super friendly and very helpful.  The charming part about the place was the old-school neighborhood vibe.  We ended up having a conversation with some of the other staff which was the highlight of the place.  You might not go for the pizza but the conversation is second to none.Great place for pizza before the Phillies game!!  Pizza was very solid.  Definitely going to try the Pizzazz next time.  Everyone was very friendly.  The pizza was hot and tasty.  The beer was cold.  What's not to like?Celebre is by far one of the best pies
In Philly.  Great balance of sauce and cheese.  I finally got there in between the 
chaos of the stadiums.  Don't get me wrong, I am social but off hours is a damn 
Great pie and friendly service for this divey
Old school pizza joint.   They make a passable chesesteak and a great Stromboli but they are all about the pizza!!!Very good pizza. Close to a lot in South Philly and has an old time vibe.   I think sometimes the pizza is just a little over done. I have to remember to ask them to take my pie out just a minute early- probably my personal taste.  The people are super nice!How I've never written a review of Celebre's is beyond me. The place is old school. The pizzaz pizza is THE best thing on the menu by far which is why it gets 3 stars because I think everything else is just OK. The pizzaz here is an art form. It's american cheese, sliced tomatoes and seasonings w hot peppers on the side. Simply heaven. Not to mention, they have a fridge in the back with beer that you can drink with your pizza. What else do you need?
Seriously though, as you see the crazy lines around Chickie's and Pete's for Ore Ida fries covered in Old Bay seasoning, please remember that the pizzaz pizza is well worth a try.The pizza and cheesesteaks are very good.  Staff was friendly.  Nice bakery next door for deserts!Ugh....just not good.  Long wait for delivery, when it got here it was warm, the delivery person didn't have it in a hot box.  The dough, sauce and cheese were not good....just not good pizza.The pizza here is hands down best pizza delivery in South Philly. We also eat in for a quick bite. The pizza is consistently good and their Fries rock! I am not sure how i have never wrote a review before but after having 3 slices last night i made it a point to write one today. The crust is so good you eat the ALL of it ...and the sauce is great and that is really what matters. If you are looking for some good pizza either stop in here or order for delivery:-)The picture does ALL the talking! I only wish that someone near me, in the suburbs of Philadelphia, knew how to satisfy someone with a good pizza like Celebre's. I've been coming here for years...never enough...and it's like an old vintage wine! What more can someone say...Took a jaunt down the Schuylkill tonight.
Nothing to write home about I'm afraid.  
I really wanted to like the place due to the glowing reviews found here and other sites, but I'm not impressed.  Edible, but none of the ingredients shine and it has this wierd (not a good wierd) undertone of a taste that I can't put my finger on (almost metallic?).
Can't pay with credit under $25 which was a pain in the ass but has no bearing in my rating.  Atmosphere was nice and unassuming as mentioned before, and the staff were pleasant.
Every pizzeria has an off day; maybe that's the case, but pizza costs too much and there are too many alternatives to try for me to go back.  Maybe if you're in the neighborhood.The pizza is pretty good. It's not the best I've had but it is a solid place. The staff is very friendly as well and the service was pretty quick. The inside is small but cozy. We would definitely come here again. Our waitress was so nice to my two year old niece as well.Having been to well over 80 pizza establishments in the fine city of Brotherly Love I can confidently say that Celebres is pizza number 1. There is no better.  
Top 3 pizzas:
1. All Celebres
2. Arribiata Pizza from Beddia
3. White pizza from tacconellis
Also get the fresh cut fries.... holy h!
I will conclude with a MLK JR quote that sums up how i feel about the pizza makers at Celebres.
"If a man is called to be a street sweeper, he should sweep streets even as a Michaelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and earth will pause to say, 'Here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well." 
― Martin Luther King Jr.Bleh!  I've been to Celebre's two or three times in advance of work outings to see the Phillies. I'm going straight to the ball park next time...
Celebre's looks like the kind of dingy little place with wonderful food. Except that it doesn't have wonderful food. You walk into an severely over-crowded dining room and are ignored by the waitstaff. After being seated, you either tackle a waitress or you'll never get your no-refills soda. When the pizza comes you get a flimsy paper plate on which to eat a piece of pizza topped with CANNED MUSHROOMS??? Nasty.  Without the mushrooms the pizza isn't terrible, but there's plenty of better options, so why bother?Ordered through Eat24. Estimated delivery time was an hour, which is acceptable. Delivery was made half an hour after estimated delivery time, so one and a half hours after the order was placed. I was told when I called, "we only have so many delivery drivers - can't do nothing about it." Pizza was not hot on top of it all. Never again.As they say in New York- hey they make a nice pie here! Nothing too special just good old fashion pizza, great crust, fresh toppings and a very relaxed atmosphere. The service is good and friendly. Near the stadiums so they get some sports fan traffic. Tuesday nights might not be the best, but it was beyond our expectations. If you are down by the Navy Yard give it a try, you'll like it.There are hundreds of pizza places in Philadelphia but Celebre's in South Philly is one of my favorites. It's conveniently located in a shopping center with its own parking lot which is nice when you want to run there for lunch during the workday. The staff is friendly and if you call ahead they'll have your pizza ready right when you get there which is also great for workday lunches. We only go there a few times a year since I try not to eat too many carbs, but the waitress always remembers us and if we don't call ahead, she remembers what we usually order as soon as we walk in.
Yes, the reason she remembers our order is that we're hooked on the same thing every time. I'm a sucker for white pizza, and theirs is great. We get it with onions. It's not something I would've thought to order, but a friend suggested it one of the first times we went there and it's been our usual ever since. I've even driven into the city, and past about 1000 other pizza places, during the pandemic to grab one for takeout.Was HORRIBLE HAD pepperoni n no cheese WAS ON SOME OF my square slices N very little cheese ON THE REST OF Pie.....Very disappointing cause I WAS THERE and ATE IN my hubby n I, back in Sept 2019 n even place Deliveries afterwards!
We did a pickup TODAY N I WAS VERY unsatisfied when I got Home THE PERSON cooking THE PIES LOOK LIKE he 12yrs OLD BUT hopefully older....Not THE STAFF WHEN MY hubby n I were IN THERE n Deliveryman IS EVEN Different....It WAS TRULY A WASTE of MONEYUsed to stop here before ball games and grab a slice back in the day. The pizza was good. Haven't been here in about 15 years. Was working in the area, so I decided to grab a couple slices for lunch. Oh man, terrible. So, so garlicky!  I felt like I was chewing on a garlic clove. So overpowering that you couldn't taste the sauce or cheese. I got home from work and my wife says, what did you eat? She couldn't come near me the rest of the night. Their pizza- Never again.  It will be Hoagies and sandwiches if I dare go back. The service was good and very friendly.Absolutely the best pizza in the city. It's old school and classic. The service is outstanding and food is always fresh.  The location is perfect right near all the sporting events. Must try the pizzaz pizza there is no one that makes it better.Staff is always friendly and pizza is always good, I would recommend to everyone.  Pizzas is definitely the best I've ever had.  And definitely need to try the crouton pizza.Pizza was below average. In a city with hundreds of pizza places, you're money will be better spent at almost any of them. We ordered a soda, which they failed to deliver, then they declined a refund on grub hub in spite of the fact that they didn't deliver something for which we paid. So aside from sub par pizza, their customer service is lacking as well. Do yourself a favor, skip this place.Best pizza growing up, best pizza place still. 
Ask for the old way or a pizzaz with hots. Love them!
Everything on their menu is wonderful. Clean, polite family ownedCelebre Pizzeria you are simply outstanding, I had an incredible experience here yesterday. The menu is amazing and the atmosphere is perfect. OMG, their Pizzaz was absolutely yummy, such a splendid dish with outstanding flavors. The service was also amazing and every one was friendly. I would definitely come back to Celebre Pizzeria if I am in the area.Two Kentuckians went to Philly excited about the cheesesteaks, and left craving Celebre Pizza. My boyfriend and I stopped here after a Phillies game last summer. We were starving and needed food ASAP. It's been almost a year since we ate here, and we still talk about how amazing the pizza was. It might even be the best pizza we've ever had. Definitely recommend! If we ever get back to Philly, this will be our first stop.DO NOT EAT HERE!!! 
This is something that actually happened to me. It isn't something that I heard from a friend of a friend. 
So a few weeks ago i stopped in for a couple slices. One of my biggest fears came to fruition. I walked up to the counter and asked if they had any slices and they said they would have to make a pie and it was no problem. No big I didn't mind waiting. After standing for a couple minutes I decided to take a seat at one of the empty tables of which there were many. After about 30 seconds I felt something tickling the back of my neck. I reached back thinking that maybe it was a stray hair since I had my hair up. No. It was a huge ass cockroach. It fell from the ceiling onto my head and was crawling down my neck. Needless to say I shot out of my seat like a bat out of hell and was trying to pull my shirt(it was a now on the back of my shirt) away from me and was just about to pull it off(that's how insanely freaked out I was) when I spotted the delivery guy sitting there and begged him to please get it off me. With his bare hand he brushed it off my shoulder, sat back down( instead of going into the bathroom To was his hands at least since he is the delivery man) and watched it run under the table where there was a family eating. Now I understand that all food establishments are gonna draw insects. It's the nature of the business but a good establishment is going to do everything in their power to make sure it doesn't become a problem. What astonished me even more is that the whole time this was going on neither the waitress or the cooks, who were only about 10ft away, seemed to be bothered in the least that this was happening. Which says to me that this is a common occurrence. Even more disturbing is the delivery man who swatted the bug off of me never got up to wash his hands!!! Not only is it disgusting but it's so unsanitary! And he didn't try to kill it! Just sat there and watched it run away into the restaurant! And none of the staff even apologized or said anything to me about what happened. So to anyone who reads this review spread the word. This place should be shut down by the health department.My go to spot! I've been living in S.Philly for 30 years now. I hate to admit that it's next to impossible to find a great pie unless you order from here! Try their white with spinach. The best you'll ever have! The steaks and Stromboli is awesome also! Orders are always correct too. The actually listen to every special request. Staff is friendly and accommodating. Delivery is fast. You can never go wrong with Celebres!Apparently at célèbre pizza cutting the pizza isn't part of the service... I guess if you want you pizza cut you have to pay extra.... Overall the pizza is decent but I don't like eating my pizza with a fork and knife.....I like to consider myself a NY style pizza foodie. I love the how the cheese, pepperoni, sauce, and homemade crust mingle on my taste buds (not to mention the drippings). This was my first visit to Celebre Pizzeria and they did not disappoint. My cheese and pepperoni pizza was ready early and tasted awesome. Celebre ranks in my top 5 NY style  pizza experiences. I will definitely be back!Extremely rude workers. They didn't want any more customers so they literally locked the doors and no one from the inside could get out. When we politely told them this was a fire hazard they were very rude back and told us otherwise, meanwhile they struggled with the key and the door for 10 minutes the next time a customer attempted to leave.... clearly a fire hazard. It was crowded because an Eagles game was going on, and there was some cheers and chants however no one was being rowdy. A worker starts yelling at the entire restaurant telling us he was going to turn off all the TVs and to be quiet. Absolutely ridiculous to do to paying customers. Shouldn't you be happy your restaurant is crowded probably for the first time? Also the pizza tasted like trash so there's that.I ate there last year and did not like their pizza at all..........lousy sauce and lousy-tasting dough.  The ONLY good thing about this pizza is that it has a crater bottom so I can bet on not getting a dark bottom, which I hate.  However, since it wasn't that great even the time before that visit, I won't be back.This place was always my favorite when it came to pizza. Fast delivery and pizza is always nice at hot but one of my favorites is the pepperoni stromboliThey are very close to the Linc and I think they were still upset about the Eagles losing and they had a lot of rules about where to order depending on whether you were eating in or taking out.  Other than that this was a very good pizza shop cheesesteak.  The grill man knows what he's doing.  Everything spent time on the grill together, got to know each other and share their flavors.  Termini Bakery is next door.  The roll was very good.  It had a good crust but was light and airy.  Looking at Termini Bakery while biting the roll may have help.  Good Cheesesteak experience.Pizza was clearly a frozen pizza OR this is the worst pizza that I have ever had.  The fact that this place is in South Philly and the pizza is so terrible is a DISGRACE.  You could randomly find another place in South Philly and the pizza will be better.  Not sure who these folks are that are loving this pizza.  The service was just as bad.  Can't speak to the other items on the menu...  If not for Chickie's and Pete's and Termini's being in the same shopping center...