I had lunch there this week on Columbus Day.  I had the roasted veggie sandwich with hummus on naan.  It was outstanding.  The naan was fresh and toasty.  The vegetables were abundant and nicely seasoned, and an even texture.  The hummus wasn't overwhelming -- just right.  The service was quick, the wait staff were on the ball.  I'll give it 5 stars if I go back and find it consistently good across the menu.Great salads.   Had lunch there and both of us had salads. Chicken ceasar and Mongolian beef (I think).  Excellent. We sat outside in the recently spruces up 'fare way' which eas really pleasant.  Service was good.  No complaints.New England clam chowder was just okay, warm and not many clams.  Wife's brisket was tasty, but overdone.  My Ultimate Burger was awful, ordered medium, came out rare and cold.  Fruit was the highlight of the meal, very pricy, not worth it.Food was great. Got the grilled veg panini with fries. Everyone's plate was clean, absolutely nothing was left which is a good sign that they enjoyed their food too!Chestnut grill is such a chestnut hill staple! You know exactly what to expect and it will never fail you. Now I would not go here for the most upscale fine dinning but the food you order will be solid and will taste good. We went to Chestnut Grill for a brunch after a graduation and we had a big party, they were able to accommodate us properly and even could seat us earlier than our reservation. I ordered the Avocado Toast with smoked salmon. Although that is a simple order it tasted amazinggg. I will always hold chestnut hill classic restaurants close to my heart as a Philly native.This is my favorite restaurant in Chestnut Hill. Good prices, good food, good service. What more could you ask for? And their fries are the best. If you get anything, make sure you get it with fries.  And today they had a soft shell crab sandwich that was to die for.Excellent menu, extremely well prepared food, good portions great value and service.
As a restaurant owner i was so impressed by presentation and quality. Six of us had great dinners. Salmon, lamb chops, meatball sliders all excellentGreat service, tasty food and loved sitting outside on a warm day. The fish tacos are tasty   Only 4 stars because the food took a little longer than normal.I really enjoy C.H.G. I have meetings here also.  I only get their Catfish. It is simply delicious. 2016 I had the nachos and omgeeeeeeee!!!! I'm hooked. The small size is good enough for two. Really good!!!!!  The wait staff is good. I enjoy sitting outside during the summer months. 
There isn't much seating upstairs so you have to go down these spiral steps and they are scary. No cell phone reception downstairs.Burger and fries good.  Roasted veggie wrap would have been much better if the garlic yogurt sauce was not so overpowering.  I like garlic but this was not fresh tasting.  Same heavy garlic in ravioli appetizer.  Wings are good.  Service was friendly but a bit inattentive. Surprising since there were three servers and it was not that crowded.  I am not crazy about the downstairs dining room cave.  Eating outside in good weather would make it worth a visit.I have discovered this wonderful place in Chestnut hill!! Wow!!! It is definitely deserving of the 5 stars here. Atmosphere is lovely and I couldn't ask for a better Thai salad. Great service. Great town.I would have loved to eat outside but it's just too darn hot right now! We came for brunch. Service was great and so was the food. It was a little warm inside, even in the basement, where we were seated. Maybe just due to the extreme temperatures. We will be back though for happy hour and other menu items.Waited for a hostess that was nowhere to be found, she finally comes out, is super rude and adds people who came in after us to the wait list after walking right past us.Here for happy hour and the food was very yummy! However, my wife and I were very disappointed at the level of service we received from the impatient bartender!There's something about Chestnut Hill that is so comforting, from it's cobble stone roads to it's quaint "towny" feeling in the middle of a city and a suburb. Not to mention the awesome scenery from the Fairmount Parks that surround it, it's kind of a gem, and definitely a place you should visit if you're in North West Philadelphia.
The Chestnut Grill and Sidewalk Cafe is a fusion of a fancy French restaurant, an Irish pub, and an Italian Bistro... haha, I know, ibut you'll see what I mean. You have both people who are overly dressed in suits and dresses, and then people like me  who show up in jeans a T and chucks, but nonetheless you don't feel singled out.
My favorite item was the ravioli apps, you literally get three squares, and when I saw it at first I was thinking, uh, is this a sampling? Haha! But you take one bite, it's sooo savory and tastey and I started to understand what some people said about the flavor overcoming quantity. Man, if all food was that tasty and you just savor each morsel, then we wouldn't we wouldn't be the fattest country in the world, haha!
Anyway, enjoy this gem of a place, in this gem of a "town". Bon Appetite!We had dinner at the Hotel on a Sat. Night, we were a party of six. We were seated quickly because we had a reservation for six o'clock 
Great food,Really great service........but very very noisy....I had lunch here today and was very disappointed. The service was incredibly slow.  I ordered the soup and half a sandwich special.   The soup was over salted.  The sandwich was OK.  It took forever for the food to arrive and forever to get the check.   I've eaten here before and had decent meals, but will think twice about returning after today's lunch.If you sit on the patio it's a great people watching experience.  You can't only have drinks on the patio though you must order food.  They make beautiful martini's in all flavors.  If you enjoy a nice fresh slice of watermelon dipped in vodka- must try the watermelon martini.  Delicious.  Lunch - my favorite pick is the spicy catfish wrap with fruit not fries!I love this place. The staff is always polite and professional. The restaurant is clean. The food is delicious. Most of the time I always order the Spicy Asian noodle salad.. Which is phenomenal. The pumpkin pie martini is to die for too. The wings are good as well.. Always a good experience.Ok....so I've been to this place twice now and unfortunately, I can only give it 2 stars. It's not that the service is bad; service was good both times I went there. Even the ambiance of the place was good both times; they have outdoor seating (and even heat lamps for when you want to sit outside at night and it gets chilly). I even like the Chestnut Hill area. But the food is very subpar.  First of all the menu is very....bourgeoisie....or like true Americans say, "bougie"....with goat cheese in every dish and  options for mussels and lamb and chutney...I suppose I just thought the food would be a little more  "high end."  The first time I went I ordered the B&B burger. I figured, can't go wrong with a burger right? Wrong! It was terrible! My bottom bun was literally soaked through with grease and disgustingness, the one pathetic looking piece of iceberg lettuce I had was just that - pathetic, the proportion of tomato wasn't right, and the cheese was chewy and didn't seem fresh. The fries sucked too. Ok, but I said to myself, "self, surely you can try this place again, surely there has to be something on the menu that I can enjoy...right?" Wrong again! This time I had some wings, which were good I'll admit, but I also got a simple chicken Cesar salad which sucked! The chicken was SUPER dry, like, I mean I needed to have several gulps of water after each bite of chicken. The lettuce wasn't fresh, there was barely any cesar dressing mixed in and overall the salad was poorly mixed. I couldn't stand to finish the salad yet I got it to go.....but I ended up throwing it away. I ordered a piece of Naan on the side which was obviously of the supermarket variety and not authentic at all, but at least it filled me up some. Our waiter was very accommodating and friendly, so we tipped him well, but still was not happy at all with the food.  
So yes, sorry CG, only 2 stars for you. I feel like if a restaurant can't get a simple burger and salad right then that's just not a good look.This is a great place to eat especially in the summer and late spring seasons. Staff is always cool and drinks are amazing. My top selections are bloody Effen mule; crab cake sandwich; lamb burger and or ultimate burger. Ps chicken salad sandwich also goes hard too.
Only criticism is the dimly lit feel. Strange enough, I like to "see" the food I eat outside of my home.‍A friend and I stopped here for lunch and a couple of cocktails.  We ate at the bar, and by the time we had our 3rd mimosa, the bartender cut us off indicating restaurant policy only allows each patron to have three drinks maximum. My fiance owns four restaurants in the area and we have never heard of such nonsense.  This would have been understandable had we been loud or obnoxious but this was far from the case. The reason for my visit this day was to consider this location for a bridal shower or possibly another family event; however we will not be returning due to this display.  Onlookers who overheard us being cut off for no reason also fumed at this ridiculous explanation from the bartender,  cut their lunches short as well and indicated they would never be returning either. I do not recommend if you plan on staying a while and enjoying mimosas or any other alcoholic beverage with friends.  The owners really need to get a grip on such ridiculous rules.The Chestnut Hill Hotel's adjoining cafe only adds more to the newly renovated facade of the hotel. My mother and I went to eat here on a beautiful summer night while residing at the hotel. The outdoor seating is perfect to sit and enjoy your food and conversation while watching the residents of chestnut hill walk by with dogs and children.
My mother ordered the Thai shrimp noodle salad and I ordered a roasted
pear and fennel salad and a side of roasted vegetables. First, the food is absoultely beautiful. This obviously gives it wonderful appeal. 
The Thai salad only had 4 shrimp, but they were large and well seasoned. The pear salad had a wonderful sweetness to it that left no need for dressing. Additionally, they were more than accommodating in providing a hardboiled egg instead of blue cheese. The roasted vegetables were a bit oily, but were cooked so well that they were magazine photo perfect in appearance.
Overall, the service provided was pleasant and quick with fairly great food. It's understandable why this location is always filled with customers.If you are looking for a reasonably priced casual restaurant, this is the best choice in Chestnut Hill. The food for lunch and supper is consistently good. My favorite is the Asian salad with grilled shrimp--spagetti in a sesame oil dressing on top of a bed of nice fresh greens with 4 or 5 large perfectly grilled shrimp. I've also had the roasted pear salad and the ceasar salad and both are very good. I also like their trout entree and their two ravioli dishes. The outside seating is nice in the summer. They also have basement level seating that has booths that keep you a bit separate from other diners so it is not too loud and crowded. Overall this is a great place for relaxed dining with good food.Very consistent food, made with love by not just a restaurant but a family. I recommend the steak or pasta dishes. This place is one of the best kept secrets of Philadelphia.Had a nice dinner with Ida G. and her boyfriend.  We arrived in time for happy hour and I got a margarita.  It was actually pretty good!  We moved to a booth for dinner.  I got the pear goat cheese salad, which was phenomenal!  So delicious!  We had very attentive service and I would recommend it. :)Best spot in Chestnut Hill for dinner in the summer. Bread Pudding dessert is amazing.I really like this place. I think that for casual dining it's top notch. In the winter, the soups hit the spot and in warmer weather, just about anything is terrific. I've had a number of the sandwiches (chicken, burger, turkey) and all were made with fresh ingredients and had great flavor combinations. I really like that you can substitute fruit for fries and the service has always been friendly. Let me repeat that part  - in case anyone who works there ever takes a look at these reviews - good service really does make a huge difference. I've been to places with terrific food that I won't go back to because the service was so indifferent. Keep it up!Food is pretty good and the menu and quite extensive so I'm sure anyone should find something on it they will enjoy. The deserts are also very delicious and service is quick and courteous. The wings are really good and the drinks are have a nice punch to them. We ate downstairs and it felt very intimate and private. The surrounding area is also very pleasant where one can just sit and listen to the water fall in the court yard. I would strongly recommend it.This is one of my go to restaurants when I'm by myself and want to enjoy me. The atmosphere is just what I need sometimes, quaint and peaceful. At times it can get noisy but, remember it does have a bar.  The outside seating is pleasant especially on a summer's night. You can eat, drink and people watch. The food is always good but the menu is boring. It's the same ole same ole, year after year. The one good thing is, they're predictable. The salmon, crab cakes, and pasta dish are my favorite entree choices. I always order the garden salad with the balsamic vinaigrette. The vinaigrette is to die for. This is a great place to eat at alone or with friends.I'm stunned the prices went up on menu they make good coconut shrimp nice bar scene still reasonably price just not cheapI've been going to the Chestnut Grill for many years, and I mean this the best possible way:  the Chestnut Grill is like a loyal friend.  The Grill's overall menu is consistent and quite good.  I've always found the drink specials innovative and delicious.   
I recently had dinner at the Grill with a friend.  The bruschetta appetizer changes daily.  On the night of my visit it was roasted pear and Gorgonzola with a balsamic reduction.  I also had the shrimp bisque and the mussels with white wine sauce.  I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner.  The shrimp bisque was especially delicious.  It was rich, creamy and full of flavor and actual shrimp.  The mussels with white wine at the Chestnut Grill are my favorite anywhere!  The sauce is full of flavor with the wine, lemon, and garlic.  Each component makes the dish well balanced without overpowering the overall dish.
The Grill only takes reservations for large parties.  Even though my friend and I arrived at 7:00 p.m. on a Friday night, we were seated promptly.  Our server got us drinks right away.  Our food came out promptly and was piping hot. Our server even brought us a fresh basket of hot bread without us having to ask for it.
I look forward to my next visit at the Grill.My fiance and I couldn't decide where to get lunch so we decided to drive through Chestnut Hill and try to find a place. We spotted Solaris Grille but got an (amazing) parking spot right in front of Chestnut Grill. Taking it as an omen, we decided to eat there instead. 
I'm so glad we did! It was a GORGEOUS afternoon so we were able to eat outside. My fiance got the Mendocino Grilled Chicken salad and I got the Fresh Salmon salad (we were having a big Italian meal for dinner and didn't want to fill up). My salmon filet was HUGE. Really juicy and flavorful. It was served with greens with a balsamic vinaigrette dressing. Nothing special on the greens but perfect for a light lunch. I didn't try the Mendocino salad but since the plate was scraped clean I'm going to assume it was enjoyed.
We rounded out our afternoon with a tour of the nearby farmer's market. There may have been dark chocolate and peanut butter gelato involved as an added bonus. :)
We will definitely be going back. I want to try the cajun catfish appetizer and I know my fiance will be all about the beef brisket sandwich when we aren't trying to preserve room in our stomachs for a big meal later. A great find!I came here with a large group. Food was excellent however I was extremely disappointed with the waiter. It was a large group and on the menu it stated gratuity included for parties greater than 6. Our party was 15. I even confirmed with another waitress that gratuity was included. I paid the bill and was chased down while walking out of the restaurant by the waiter saying no gratuity was added. He said he had removed it from the bill. When asked why he had done so, he did not answer. Extremely unprofessional.Love this place. Great diverse menu. Reliable. There is a banquet-type room downstairs...very private but gives you a basement-like feel, which I did not like. However, it is very private. The food is always good so it really doesnt matter to me.This place is always sub-par, but today was the WORST dining experience I've ever had. The restaurant was half empty, yet there was a wait for a party of 2 to be seated. The hostess was rude. The wait staff was rude. The food was inedible - a salad with chicken that was the texture of cardboard covered in way too many scallions and way undercooked French toast made with strange little pieces of rock hard baguette covered in what had to have been frozen berries that were complete mush. We didn't even receive everything that we ordered - we had to ask several times for water, cream for the coffee, and a lemonade that we must have had to ask for half a dozen times before it came. Silverware and napkins on the table were dirty. We clearly didn't eat ANYTHING - the server kept insisting on packing our food to go but it was inedible and we didn't want any of it. Finally when the check came, she said my card was declined. I checked my account and there were several hundred dollars in funds available in my checking account so I have no idea why it would go trough but was really the icing on the cake to finish off a horrible brunch experience. Will never come here again.Just okay. Nothing to rave about. We had a party of 6 at 6 on a Sunday night. Could only get one humus plate because they ran out??? We got three appetizers and six dinners. Appetizers were good but portions small for the price. Got two of the B and B burgers. One came with bacon way over cooked and hardly any cheese. Flavorless. The other burger was just okay. Fries were good but for $13 should have gotten more. Fries are cheap. Salmon dinner was very good. Chicken Parmesan was good. Dinner salads were average. It's was an average night. $160 for 6 people. No drinks and no desert. Only ordered two actual dinners. Therefore expensive for what we got.My 3 stars are based on the staff. The food is worthy of 4 or more stars. The menu is unique and good high quality. I enjoyed my meal. I had a spinach salad with chicken on top of grilled naan bread. It was excellent. 
Someone needs to educate the staff, particularly management on etiquette. As I'm eating my meal, food was being brought to the staff from the kitchen. Granted, it was a rainy Monday night, but there were plenty of customers at the bar, where I was seated. It was only 7:30 in the evening; nowhere near closing.  I get it, everyone needs to eat. But staff should not be eating in front of customers, nor should the bartender be sticking her nose deep into her sandwich, in front of customers, before diving in. 
As I said, I will return, but c'mon, show some class. After all, it is still Chestnut Hill.Great food. Nice quiet and mellow spot. I wish they had a few more options for vegetarians and the seafood. It would be also nice if they served frozen drinks.This is a really nice spot that you might miss if you're driving down Germantown Ave.  With the entrance on the side of the hotel, I'm sure many walk by without even knowing there is a restaurant there.  They are missing out.  Like most places in Chestnut Hill, all the food here tastes amazingly fresh.  Whether you want a salad, appetizer, sandwich or entree, you can't go wrong at the Grill. 
 I recently yelped about another Chestnut Hill spot's wings, but I must say, the Napa wings at the Grill are my favorite in town.  They are large, lightly coated in buffalo wing sauce, sprinkled with bleu cheese crumbles, and plated with a side of a delicious napa cabbage slaw/salad.  I highly recommend them!  I also loved the lemon caper chicken dinner entree I had.  I've been craving capers since then.  
So if you're on Germantown Ave in Chestnut Hill, don't miss the Chestnut Grill at the Chestnut Hill Hotel.I love this place.  I love it in the spring and summer when you can sit outside.  I love the bar when all you really want is a Bloody Mary (and they really make them well-YUMMO).  I love it in the winter and fall when you sit in the lower level and have privacy.  I love the food.  I'm a big fan of the burgers and of the chicken sandwich.  I also LOVE the specials.  And , as fore mentioned, the Bloody Mary's rule.  I have yet to have poor service, slow service yes but never poor service.  Take my advice and head on over, you'll be glad you didSome friends and I, in Philly for the day to scout a location for a project, ate at this establishment for brunch.  We were seated promptly and took a quick look at the menu.  There were some interesting options, from omelets to salads, burgers to sandwiches.  
Overall the food was quite good, and the price was incredibly reasonable, at least to this New Yorker's wallet.  The service was great as well.  They accommodated our request for a rush on our food as we were tight for time.  
Without knowing much about Philly and it's various restaurants, I have to say Chestnut Grill was worth the stop - that is, if you happen to be in the area.I had their premium burger. It was tasty. I'd say overall its a bit on the pricey side, but my wife and I enjoyed the food. The service was great. I highly recommend!I've never done breakfast here, but lunch seems to be better than other reviews suggest that breakfast is.  The nachos are actually worth getting, in contrast to most places which have them on the menu.  However, the sandwiches are definitely the highlight, with good bread and fresh ingredients, last time I checked in at least.
The service isn't extraordinary but was quick enough, and a weekday lunch is generally not busy.  It seems to be a great place to meet for working lunch, I've seen it done more than once while there with friends.  The atmosphere is comfortable and relaxed both in and outside the building.
I'd almost rate it a four, but the food, while good, just isn't amazing enough.  A pleasant lunch place, but perhaps a little expensive for what it actually offers.Sandwiches here are pretty good and I do like the veggie option for the burgers.  If you want something refreshing, go for the chicken salad on toasted raisin walnut with a side of fruit; it's decadent yet light, simultaneously.  They also have a veggie naan here but it's not a very authentic naan so if you are a purveyor of true Indian food, that's definitely an option I would stay away from.  The lamb chops app isn't bad but the lamb was more well-done rather than medium; they were nicely seasoned with a mint of mint and rosemary but I like my meat medium since it tends to lose some of that tenderness once it is cooked completely through.  Portions are pretty generous and prices are very reasonable (about $9/sandiwch or burger and ~$7-11/apps).  I always mean to order an entree but get distracted by the apps and sandwiches every single time.  Service is usually pretty good and the setting is relaxed and fun, especially when it is warm and outdoor seating is available.Good Service and OK Food. We ordered Coconut Shrimps for app and Home Style Beef Brisket and Grilled Trout. Trout was MEH..... cuz of  sundried tomato pesto on top of the overcooked fish. I just wished that the tomato pesto had more flavor to it. Beef Brisket was pretty good - with mash potato and grilled vegi. 
They seem to have pretty good happy hour. Maybe you can try the happy hour. ;)I'll update my review if I ever come here again - because I have a feeling they were having an off-day. 
Service was weird but alright. All of our sodas + beer were VERY flat, which really ruined the entire experience for me. I'm not very picky, but I HATE flat beer/soda, like any other normal person. We mentioned something about it, they said that they were having issues etcetc, but we were still charged for all of our drinks, which was annoying. Our bill was also way higher than we were expecting, definitely seemed overpriced for the quality of what we experienced.
The only reason I'm even giving 3 stars is because the burgers were AMAZING. Really, best burger I've had in the area, without a doubt. The only reason I'll be coming back at all.The prices were above average including the beer. The goat cheese ravioli was bland and floating in oil.I went for lunch this week.
The good: Location has free parking in rear. Unfortunately, I didn't know that but street parking was plentiful and inexpensive.  They have outdoor seating. There's variety on the menu. Our server was timely and attentive.
The ok: The food was just ok. I had a grilled fish taco. I'm a HUGE taco aficionado. The raw cabbage provided a nice crunch but little flavor. The fish as well wasn't really seasoned. The flavor came from the guacamole and the salsa toppings. It wasn't awful but it also wasn't something I would return for or recommend.
Overall it was a decent meal, with acceptable service and a good price.  I won't be rushing back and I expect there are other option in the area that are better.Great service, lovely area.  Great for lunch. Fair price. 
Tends to get crowded on the weekends. 
Their appetizers of the Nacho is so large, that a party of 4 couldn't even finish it! 
Recommend the Calamari (ask to make it extra crispy),  Thai salad, coconut shrimp, & the Napa wings.Came here for brunch this past weekend had the following:
Coffee-good!
Passion Mimosa-Passion Fruit Juice+Champagne=one happy girl!
Brioche French Toast: Delicious
Coconut Shrimp-Superb (although they need to find a different dipping sauce recipe)
Turkey and Brie on Multigrain Croissant: MEH. There was a funny taste to the meat, and I didn't finish my sandwich (and I ALWAYS finish sandiwches).
I would return, but next time I will try something else.I went here for lunch and had to leave because I waited for over an hour for my food and it never came. The service was terrible and I have no comment on the food because it never came.Sloooooooooooow! And bad. We were told the wait was 10 minutes. Waited for 30. Sat us down, and didn't get served for 1 hour and 10 minutes. This was Sunday lunch, and it wasn't even that busy. 
Clam chowder condensed and salty. Bruschetta was really good. Salmon burger, everything was cold, the english muffin burned. Corn beef plate (forgot name) cold and salty. 
Waitress was completely disconnected  untrained, and inexperienced (probably high school student) 
What happened to this place???Had a great experience here. The coconut shrimp appetizer was delicious. I ordered the chicken parmesan dish for dinner and it was perfect. Recommend this place.I've been here twice, and the food is pretty good.  I enjoyed the atmosphere.  It wasnt crowded each time I went.  The only problem is the food portions dont really match the price, but it wont break the bank.   The best part of my meal was the the peach pecan pie!This has been my go-to place for a decade, whenever people come to town and want to get dinner before going to the Stagecrafters Theatre.  Every time we go, every member of the party is very happy with their meal.  I got the Kobe burger (only $10) and it was excellent.
Our waitress was very friendly and actively jogging to make sure all her tables were taken care of quickly.
Dependable good & interesting food.This is one of my favorite neighborhood restaurants.  Delicious food - you will always get great service.  They're just a little stingy with the wine-pour.  Great salads - huge selection of foods.  Just a little too crowded on Sundays....We sat outside on their gorgeous patio and the waitress was great. However, the food took forever to come out! We ordered a chicken salad and burger. It shouldn't take half an hour to make. The fig bruschetta appetizer was delicious. But we will not be returning unless we have a whole afternoon to spend!This should probably be a 3.5. Anyway, this is a wonderful place for alfresco dining. We ate there last night, after an afternoon hiking with the pup in the Wissahickon. The late-afternoon air was balmy, and it felt so good to be outside this time of year. 
I ordered the house salad with balsamic. The greens were really fresh, with a nice mix of greens, plus cucumber and tomatoes. The balsamic was a little heavy but still good. My partner ordered a burger medium rare. The meat was nicely done, and the fries were crisp and seasoned. 
For my entree, I had a new menu addition, an appetizer--ravioli with goat cheese and red pepper. I got 3 ravioli in the order. They were a little thick and doughy, but the goat cheese, red pepper filling was delicious! Unfortunately, the ravioli was served in a pool of olive oil.  The oil was accented with balsamic vinaigrette and fresh herbs, but the balance was wrong, making it all seem pretty oily and thick. 
On the upside, the server was attentive and helpful. 
If you find yourself on the Hill on a balmy evening, this wouldn't be a bad choice!
The thing is that there are much BETTER options at half the price.We ate here twice when my in laws were staying at the hotel, and we had amazing service both times! They created special dishes for the kids, based on a weird combination of what they wanted to eat. The food was fresh, and arrived fast. More than anything, the employees made our visits really memorable! They were absolutely amazing!Food was very good... Atmosphere was very relaxing ... Great place to meet with friends... Only negative was a horrible waitress. Otherwise would have a five star place.The service was phenomenal. Our waitress, I don't remember her name,  worked really hard. She was diligent and checked our table every couple of minutes. That was the best part of the visit. But, don't waste your time getting the fish tacos because they are awful. And don't get the Washington State Reisling because it's awful. Instead, get the B&B Burger. My niece loved hers. If you can sit outside, go for it. It was very relaxing.Awesome veggie burgers and the violinist who was playing outside the restaurant was both talented and as handsome as they come ;)We ate dinner here this past Friday evening because we were staying at the inn and going out onto the unshoveled sidewalks in search of another restaurant just wasn't appealing. We were seated promptly downstairs, unfortunately by a restless tired toddler (there were plenty of open tables).Our waiter was average, nothing special but sufficient. We ordered drinks and pondered the large menu. I opted for the B&B burger as did my daughter and our friend ordered the Mendocino salad minus the scallions . I ordered my burger medium and my daughter ordered hers medium well. I also ordered fruit instead of fries which was no problem to accommodate. Food came out fairly quickly and everything was good. My only complaint was the doneness of the burgers. Mine was medium well atleast, not a trace of pink and my daughters was well done.Picked a perfect day for a visit to Chestnut Hill and visit the popular CH Grill & Cafe.  They have an outdoor seating area that looks quite cozy but since it was full I didn't want to wait so I sat at the bar.  The menu looks great and I wish I could've tried everything but even my appetite isn't that big so I was left to order one item.  I got a salmon BLT that tasted just as great as it looked.  Piled high and cooked to perfection (slightly pink inside) the sandwich was just what the doctor ordered.  It came with a side of fries that were good (not great) and held it's own next to the tasty BLT (if the fries are not good that can always kill a good sandwich experience).   The service was good and accommodating.  I will definitely be back and would recommend this eatery to my friends.  I'm a sucker for a bar with a good atmosphere that also has good food.  This one definitely fits the bill.I give CG&S a solid three stars. 
I thought the up stairs was bright and open. An inviting bar with a few TVs dominates the main entrance. I've past by many times in nicer weather and the patio is always full. The downstairs is a bit "grotto" like with little dark nooks all around. 
I found the service to be fine with the exception of my little quirk in actually liking ice in my iced tea. It is also possible she wrote our temperature request for our burgers wrong as both were much more under cooked than requested.
I enjoyed the blackened catfish strip appetizer very much, but I was also starving and would have probably finished a blacken shoe leather app. if placed in front of me. :) Seriously, they were cooked properly and I'd be interested in trying the full wrap offered. 
As I mentioned before, our burgers, requested medium, came out a delicious warm, bloody red centered rare. I'm just TRYING to eat my meat cooked more for some forgotten "healthier"  reason, so I had no issues with it...almost a happy mistake:) while my friend chose to eat around the center of her burger, leaving just the rarest parts in the middle on the plate. 
I'd certainly return to try other menu items, preferably on the patio in better weather. If I'm in the neighborhood and craving a burger or creative sandwich, then I keep walking on up to McNally's :)I'm a regular at the Grill. All food is  prepared using fresh ingredients. I'm a fan of the grilled trout, b&b burger, pancakes, French toast,nachos, catfish fingers and more.  You can't go wrong trying anything from their menu. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is welcoming.I would have given this 3 stars, but my husband loved his meal, so I gave it 4. I ordered brisket (I know, silly when it is not the specialty) and grilled vegetables. The brisket was tender, but not flavorful. It tasted like a mediocre pot roast. The veggies were very flavorful and crisp. My husband, had pasta with grilled shrimp, and he enjoyed it. The service was average, but the outdoor seating is a plus. Also, it is a nice place to people-watch.Met my mother here for Happy Hour. We both ordered 2 Marquitas. The drinks came and they were NOT of equal pour. I show the waitress and the waitress talks to manager. Waitress comes back to say we will remake the drink. I ask to speak to the manager so I can let the manager see that the drinks are not of equal poor. Waitress leaves, comes back and still does not bring the manager. Waitress says, "I will take back your drink and comp this drink and make you a new drink." I say fine. Bill comes, I am charged for 2 drinks. I speak to the manager and owner and their rationale is, "we threw out the first drink comp that drink and made u another drink." Me, " umm sir and madam, my bill should reflect a Marquita for 6.00 and NOT 12.00." They did not understand my rationale and never comp me for a drink. The manager and owner never apologized to my mother and I. I have been coming here for years and I am truly disappointed in both the manager and the owner. They will never get my business again!!The Grill is one of my favorite places on The Hill because I am guaranteed a great meal! The Mendocino chicken salad with sweet and sour dressing is one of my favorites and I've had their filet twice and it too is pretty great! One thing that I would suggest to not get is the calamari...you'll chew forever!!
Hit up the Grill for brunch on a Sunday and you'll also be pleased! Their brunch burrito is really tasty and they serve a pretty good cup of coffee. Service is always really good as well and it's nice to have the parking lot right behind the building!Need a few more soups.
Like a hearty one.
Today's were clam chowder and rooted vegetable.
YuckPopped in here by the recommendation of Dr. Joe! I was delighted to see a "limited" only by the amount of choices menu. The food was fantastic we ended up grabbing the nachos and Eggplant Caponata and Hummus bruschetta as starters. The nachos were great loaded with cheese, pico de gallo, with a huge dollup of both sour cream and guacamole. The flavor of the brushetta was great, my only gripe is that the bread was soggy. You would think when ordering bruschetta you get a nice crunch to every bite, but that didn't happen.
We followed that with the Petite Filet Skewer and the Grilled Petite Lamb Chops. I ordered the Filet medium well and was not disappointed, it was tender, succulent, and cooked to perfection. The Lamb Chops had a fantastic flavor to them seasoned well but not enough to take away from the meat. They were tender and moist a great cbo to have in a piece of meat. A great "finger" food as well. 
Overall, the ambiance was good, the place was packed but we managed to grab some bar seating. They have about 6 beers on tap that vary in beer type from IPA to a witbier.Fake iced coffee (hot coffee poured over ice!) was the first thing we were served. It didn't get better. An hour and a half later we left with two bagged salads. Totally the server's fault. He did apologize, but still, not a "can't wait to go back" experience.I have been here several times and had good experiences with the food and service.  I'm not crazy about the downstairs seating as it is chilly and dark.   We were seated and our table seemed to be the only one our waitress had.   Due to this, service was slow, it took awhile to order drinks and our meal.  My daughter ordered pancakes and it was still uncooked in the middle.  We had to flag down another waitress to find our waitress.   My daughter received another plate of pancakes that were slightly overdone. 
We also tried to order the meatball sliders but were told you couldn't order meatballs until after 5 pm.   I'm not sure why that is not listed on the menu or we weren't told ahead of time. We received the check and the pancakes were still on the bill, so I asked for it to be removed from the check.  It will be a bit before I think about returningWe were staying at the Chestnut Hill Hotel (which was lovely), and after having made other reservations, decided to eat at the Grill. Big idea. Food, service, value and ambiance hit a home run.
It was a mild night, so we ate on the terrace fronting Germantown Ave., and it was perfect [can't speak for the inside vibe].
Re: my maxim about bread, these guys serve an out-standing baguette, and I probably could have stuffed myself on that alone, but we small-plated our way through dinner, which I prefer for variety. 
The appetizers cover a good range of flavors with generous portions. I began with an excellent white bean soup special and moved on to the delicious catfish tenders (a bit spicy for my partner but I'm hardly an iron mouth). Petite lambchops were a tad sweet but still perfectly cooked and tasty. My companion's tuna nicoise was not the typical catfood approach but a sliced tuna filet seared to order--a winner.
The wine list and the food it accompanies would benefit from more interesting choices, but prices were fair. And the prices in general--esPECially for a hotel--were remarkably modest. Throughout the evening, our server, Leann, made the meal even more pleasant with good humor, advice and timing.
Regardless of where I stayed, I'd go back to The Grill in a heartbeat. I wish my own nabe had a comparable gem.I can't say enough good things about this place.  Great food - the Cajun Catfish Fingers & Pot Stickers are amazing.  From burgers to entrees, the food is all great and reasonably priced.  However, I will say, as someone who has been on many first dates here, don't order the pasta in the pesto sauce!  You'll be worrying about pesto in your teeth for the whole meal!  It has a nice bar area albeit limited seating and a free parking lot is in the back.   It's a great place to go in the summertime because they have outdoor seating on their wraparound porch.  It's the perfect place to people watch in Chestnut Hill.  There are no reservations, so be prepared for about a 30-40min wait during the summer or on the weekends.  
Whatever you do, you must try the Tollhouse Pie!very tastey menu. the napa wings are heavenly and they also serve big crab cakes. i'm not a fan of the tollhouse pie but the bread pudding is pretty good. outside seating makes it a great lunch spot!I think we were paying for the rent and the nice room because the food sure wasn't worth what we paid. Went for brunch, limited menu. What kind of brunch place doesn't have an omelette I ask you ?Still waiting for the waitress to ask if I want to refill my coffee. Oh but I already left.  My son had grilled vegetables Naan,he thought it was pretty good. I had French toast that was OK. My wife had a salad with cold grilled chicken on top, lukewarm ? Both of my nephews had the grilled lamb burger, just OK. Overall, just mediocre.It's... ok. Just ok. I wasn't really wowed with our experience at the Chestnut Grill. I don't know that I'd go back really. At least not to eat dinner anyways. Definitely seems like a nice bar to grab a drink and maybe get some bar food. But otherwise, it's not a very memorable place. 
The food was decent, the service was, meh. Prices were pretty much in line with the area (a little pricey, but not outrageous like dining downtown). 
I opted for a burger, which was cooked correctly, but lacked flavor. My fiancé had the pasta dish with chicken, which was a nice healthy portion, but was kind of bland. 
I honestly think there are better options for dinner in Chestnut Hill (see : Osaka, Paris, Stella Sera, Mica, Heirloom). For this type of food, I'd drive down to Manayunk and eat at the likes of Beast and Ale or The Goat's Beard. For a quick drink though, Chestnut Grill would most likely sufficeWent for lunch at Chestnut Grill with a group of girlfriends and had an overall good experience. There were 6 of us, and we were seated right away. We asked for separate checks and they were happy to accommodate us. We sat in the downstairs dining room which was a little too quiet and cold, but I can imagine that this isn't the case during peak time. It took a little time to get our orders, but the food was absolutely phenomenal! 
I had a cup of the cream of wild mushroom soup and it was delectable. I was practically licking my bowl clean by the end! I also had a salad. I don't remember the name of the dish, but it was a large salad with bacon, egg, grilled chicken, and other fixings. It was the biggest salad I think I've ever had and all of the flavors came together beautifully. Most everyone at the table had excellent things to say about their meal, minus a friend who had the fish tacos and would have liked a little more seasoning to them. 
Our waitress was absolutely wonderful and checked on us the perfect amount. 
I'll definitely be back, hopefully on a sunny weekend when I can take advantage of the outdoor seating! And when I'm not on a work lunch break and can try some of their dessert cocktails.