Pumpkin martini!
Seriously, this is not the kind of thing I normally drink, I ordered it on a whim. But it was soooooo good, I had two. Rather quickly. It's not overly pumpkin-y, but just enough.We have visited this restaurant twice in the last 10 days, both times sitting at the bar.  The bartender is friendly and remembered us on our 2nd visit.  They have a small but interesting draft beer selection.  Each visit we had the cheesesteak egg rolls which are excellent.I know it took me three months, but I wanted to try everything first before writing it.  I can honestly say I've had about 60% of the menu by now and have not been disappointed by a single thing.  Let me give you some of my favorite's from each.
Starters: If you are looking for something for yourself, the cheesesteak springroll or the mac and cheese would be a good bet.  Both are a good size.  Could be shared, but can definitely be eaten by one person.  The cheesesteak springroll may just blow your mind though.  So hot and juicy and that spicy ketchup is perfect with it.  Now if you're looking to split something, I'd suggest the wings or the memphis nachos.  The nachos are exactly what they sound like and they're outstanding.  The wings are done with a jerk rub and are baked.  The dry rub is great, but don't expect saucy wings that you've had elsewhere. They're a little pricy for my taste, but they're very good.  
Salads: I got a caesar and my fiance has ordered the cobb (picture posted).  Meat of your choice can be added to your salad for a little extra.  I got chicken on the caesar and it was really good.  I don't know if they make the dressing in house, but it was great.
Sandwiches: I highly recommend the Bridget's burger.  It's a big, juicy patty, smothered in melted pepperjack, topped with two thick slices of bacon and this incredible sake-shiitake sauce.  The sauce is a game-changer.  You'll find yourself trying to mop up every last bit of it with your burger as you eat.
Pizza: It's crazy how good these pizzas are.  Probably the best pizzas around and its not even a pizza joint.  The classic margherita pizza has a ton of flavor and is great to split with one other as a meal or a even a bunch of friends as an appetizer.  I also really liked the short rib pizza.  Has a awesome blend of flavors that you probably haven't had on a pizza before.
Entrees:  There are many I still want to try, but if you like jambalaya then get this one.  It's not an enormous portion, but if you had an appetizer or salad it should fill you up.  So much flavor to it.  Great way to warm up on a chilly night.  
Desserts: I've had every single one of them and loved them all.  Bananas Foster is their claim to fame from what I'm told.  Chocolate lava cake is amazing.  Definitely ask about what kind of bread pudding they're serving that week.  My personal favorite is the Jewish apple cake a la mode.  So very warm and the combination of apples, vanilla ice cream, and whipped cream is my weakness.  Love it.
I love this place and love taking friends here.  It has a great location, awesome patio seating, and really cool decor inside.  Personally I think, and I think many would agree, Antony is the best bartender in town and he works like every night.  Guys knows everyone's name.  Real friendly staff.  Know a bunch of them by name now.  Love the food.  Love being able to just come and hang out.  A bunch of TVs that can be seen from any seat and they always got the local games on. They also just expanded to serving brunch and open around noon now instead of five.
With that being said, I have a few areas where I think they can improve.  These come from personal experience and hearing from others.  It can get quite loud.  Apparently since they took out the walls from Salaris, there is nothing to absorb sound.  Second, I love the prices of the pizzas, salads, entrees, and desserts but I think the appetizers are a little high in price.  They would really benefit from more starters in the $5-$9 range.  Drinks also are high in price.  I feel like I'm paying $2 too much for each drink.  They could use a few beers in the $3 to $4 range and some mixed drinks in the $5 to $6 range.  That's the only thing deterring me from being here all night Fridays and Saturdays. Would also love some happy hour specials.
Love CH7.  Think it has something to offer for everyone.  Can't recommend it enough.I've been here a few times and basically came for the outdoor seating and change of scenery (we live in Manayunk and typically go out downtown). Don't think I'll be going here anymore seeing as my opinion on this place just goes down with each visit. Shame too, this place has a lot of potential as far as its location and atomosphere.
The first time we were here was for lunch during a weekday. Service was slow, but we weren't in a hurry. The pork nachos were great and it was a beautiful day for me, the boyfriend and our 2 pups to be out and we all had a really nice time together. But that's where the greatness ends and sadly I don't even think they have the nachos on their menu anymore. 
Second time we came with a few friends. Again, slow service and the food is nothing to write home about. Had the octopus and margherita pizza. Meh. That's really all I have to say about that.
Last night we considered going here just for a casual, outdoor dinner. They changed their menu and their entrees are basically ALL overpriced pasta dishes. What the heck?! $16 for spaghetti and meatballs?? How do they sleep at night?? I'm a pretty novice cook at home, so when I go out, I like to get something I wouldn't normally make at home. Pasta dishes are generally easy as heck to make and way overpriced at almost any restaurant. You get more bang for your buck ordering a meat dish, which this place is seriously lacking. Both entrees and apps look like uninspiring, run of the mill food for twice the normal cost. It's like they're not even trying. And can we talk about the Arugula salad? $12 for greens, pine nuts, olive oil and vinegar I noticed? Get over yourself.The food is wonderful if you can wait an hour to be seated and then another for the food to be served.  All the while unable to think because the noise level is louder than ... well I can't even think of anything as noisy as this place.  I'm hoarse from yelling to my friends and the server.  Calamari, salmon, jambalaya, spring rolls, yum, yum, yum.  But hard to enjoy amid the din.  The bar staff is inexperienced and slow.   Let's hope the staff can pull it together, because  the food is good, but may not be good enough to put up with the service and noise,Been here twice so far.  First time was opening night to the public and just had a drink. Second time was for a small gathering we had.  Our waitress was attentive to our needs.  I had pulled pork which was almost as good as mine; my wife had shrimp & grits and a desert which were not so good.  It's still early, I think they will pull it all together.  Still, I am impressed that they have filled the place every time I walk by -- even on weeknights.
They always have a great local selection of beers on tap.  Can't speak on the wine selection, but the liquor selection is spartan -- also needs some work.  Also, they have plenty of TVs to watch the game, whatever game that may be.
TL;DR: great for drinks and appetizers and watching the game with friends; still have some work to do with anything more sophisticated than anything other than a burger.Pricey but great food! Miss it & and ANTONY ESPECIALLY....We arrived on a Tuesday about 1 p.m. for a business luncheon. There were only a few patrons in the place at the time. Maybe that's typical for a midday. I have no doubt they'll do better in time. Maybe it was just an post-Christmas off-day.
I'll agree with just about everything that's been said here. Service was prompt (if at times excessively solicitous.) Our waiter was also very knowledgeable about all of the food (except for the tomato bisque, which he very forthrightly admitted he had not had), and especially the booze and its provenance. Thanks for the Crispin cider, pal. Tasty. And my partner really liked her wine, a New Zealander, lovely and dry. And she knows her wine. 
They also have a very nice selection of beers on tap. Not as imaginative, I'd say, as the beer selection at Campbell's Place up the avenue, but still good.
I ordered the BBQ pulled pork sandwich, which came topped with crispy thin shreds of fried onion (a thoughtful touch); she ordered the aforementioned tomato bisque and the Asian Chop salad (Savoy cabbage, soba noodles, spicy caramel peanuts and honey chili vinaigrette dressing).  It was all pretty yummy. My sandwich was tangy, if a bit on the cool side. (The sauce could also be a bit less sweet.) 
All the dishes came out of the kitchen quickly, with no serious missteps.
The menu has many other intriguing offerings, including a selection of pizzas. It's clear they're not positioning themselves as a "fine dining experience." The menu selections seem well suited to those who crave a really good BAR experience. And Chestnut 7 appears to be just that -- a really good bar.  Lots of wood, cozy high-top tables, sunny (when the weather cooperates) and open layout.
(Side note: They have both listened to and acted upon complaints that the place is loud. They've installed very unobtrusive sound panels in the ceiling.)
It's also a step above the previous occupant, the sometimes on/sometimes off Solaris. Still a little sad about that. Unrealized potential there.
They have brunch, and it looks interesting. (Peach cobbler French toast. 'Nuff said.) We'll try that next.
Chestnut 7 seemed to me a bit on the pricey side, but not pricier than some of the other Chestnut Hill taverns with which it might be compared, such as Campbell's or McNally's. 
Chestnut 7 is a very nice addition to Germantown Avenue. (Attention diners: 2012 is shaping up to be a great year for restaurants along the avenue. Keep 'em busy, kids.)It's really a solid 3.5 stars.
Came here for brunch a few weekends ago to enjoy the beautiful weather in Chestnut Hill. Sat at one of the high tops next to the bar with a perfect view of a TV to catch some of the Eagles game! My choices for brunch were the French Onion Soup and the Crab Cake sandwich. Hubs ordered the short rib grits and fried egg. But first, let's review the Bloody Mary I ordered. This is a favorite cocktail of mine that I can drink any time of day! Their version was a classic, and no complaints! The perfect amount of spices with a little kick! Nice!
Menu served up comfort foods, and it was above average. As for the grits dish, there was way too much grits. I think it took up the whole plate. (Maybe they made too much and decided to just serve up the whole pot? I'll never know.) Made the meal kinda bland.
Service was average. I saw the hostess cleaning up tables, which I noticed was the reason a big family was waiting to be seated.
I'd come here if I were back in the area. Hopefully I'll have a better experience!Went for Sunday brunch and sat outside. The service was unbearably slow and the food was ok, but nothing remarkable. Prices are reasonable for brunch items, but we left feeling completely underwhelmed. It they would just add some simple touches, maybe some flowers on the table, a garnish on the plates, hire a few more waitresses, this could be a great spot to eat. As it stands I doubt we'll be back with so many great places in the area.I have enjoyed 3 lunches here.  The lobster roll is very good.  Service has always been very good, but it has never been really busy when I was there either.  The oyster selection could use some work ... they need some southern hemi selections for this time of year.Two visits so far:
First with my girlfriends. It was a Friday night, so there was a bit of a wait for a table, but not too bad. We split the calamari, which was delicious and we really enjoyed the sweet/spicy glaze as a nice change from breading and marinara sauce. The hummus plate was large, pretty and great for sharing. I enjoyed the ricotta pizza (though picky me would have preferred if they'd blanched and peeled the tomatoes first so slices could more easily be bitten into). Two others enjoyed the short rib pizza. The calamari and sangria were both missing items that were cited on the menu, so it was odd they hadn't mentioned they were short of ingredients. 
Tonight my husband and I went for some burgers. He got the Bridget's burger and I got the house-made veggie burger (well-spiced black bean burger) with pepper jack and barbecue sauce. Burgers were good, fries were crisp. 
So far service is still a bit off, but they're new and trying hard, so I'm sure they'll smooth that out. 
They've opened up the place from its Solaris set-up, added TVs for watching games, and are redoing the garden seating. 
Menu has a few sandwiches, a few pizzas, a few entrees, a few entree salads with choice of proteins, and several apps. Simple but nice. Great price point for a neighborhood restaurant. We'll be back.
Sneak peek: I hear they'll be starting Sunday brunch.Good food, open Monday, fast service, fair crab cake.We ate brunch here for Mother's Day, the food was decent as was the outdoor seating but the blood-orange margarita and the service left much to be desired! Sadly the cocktail was flavorless, watered down, and plain ol nasty which in my book is unforgivable. Also in my book is a preference for quality customer service. The waitress while not nasty, wasnt warm or especially kind to my group but had a sloppy appearance as well as inability to help with the menu when we had questions, which lef to us being overcharged and having the manager intervene, never fun getting someone in trouble but?  No "Happy Mother's Day" greeting, no apologies for the drink I asked to be re-made, then  no drink remade. I was disgusted and tempted to take my celebration elsewhere but then out comes our food. I ordered a spinach salad w cranberries, nuts, honey goat cheese, and vingerette, my SO ordered a yogurt parfait with a side order of french fries (house made maybe?) the parfait, beautifully crafted and chock full of delicious fresh fruit, nuts and granola, also we ordered french toast for us all to share. All the food we ordered was rather tasty, however, due to the bad service experience and poor poor drink, I have to rate Chestnut 7 at 3 stars. I will return for another delicious brunch and just have my mimosa elsewhere. Hopefully my review will be better the second time around.We've given this place two tries. There will be no third. It's a burger, and not a bad one at that. But beyond the burger, the place is noisy the music is horrid and the service makes the DMV look efficient. The only thing that even remotely gets the place two stars is the patio, but outside dining isn't unique. Take the hour you're going to wait here for your burger and head to Iron Hill and wait for a better burger, better beer and WAY better service.Have been waiting for awhile for this to open and was not disappointed!  The staff was so friendly and genuinely glad to have you there.  Started out with a couple Victory Summer Loves.  They have a small but good on tap beer selection.  Looks like they will be rotating a few.  For an app we had the Chorizo Fundito.  it was not the traditional kind you get at a Mexican restaurant.  It was thinner but excellent with warm tortilla chips and sour cream and great guacamole on the side.  I had the veggie burger b/c they said it was housemade.  It was a black bean based veggie burger, seasoned very well, topped with cheese with onion, tomato and lettuce.  It was extremely filing  and yummy!  The fires on the side were wonderful too.  They seemed lighter than I am used to and were topped with sea salt.
Husband got the Chestnut 7 burger and said it was very good.  What was funny was that he always orders med-rare for burgers b/c most places then give you medium - not Chestnut 7.  They cooked it EXACTLY right.  :)  So it was a tiny bit rare for him but he even said he cannot complain b/c it was exactly what he asked for.  Keep that in mind when you order steak there.  I am sure they will do an excellent job with it.
We were seated at a large table that could be a community table when it is crowed.  We saw one couple asked to be moved from one and I made sure they say my eye roll. The decor is open and airy.  Love the prints on the walls and even more than that LOVE that they got rid of a wall!  Makes the place seem so much larger than  before.  Looking forward to going back to try the entrees and maybe sit outside.My husband and I went to Chestnut 7 for date night and the food and service was amazing! Our waitress was Jamie....she was great! We had the nachos for an appetizer, I had the mahi-mahi  and my husband had the fried chicken. We loved everything so much that we just went back tonight with the kids. We requested Jamie again.  It was another great experience! Nachos, fish tacos, BBQ burger  and Margherita pizza. The kids said it was the best pizza they have ever had! You have to try this place!!A DUMP!  Went with my wife and daughter on a beautiful Friday evening.  30 minute wait for outdoor tables, and we were seated at an indoor  table between bathroom and kitchen doors.  Plenty of indoor seating, so asked for a better table - got attitude from the grumpy waitress, maybe 19 years old.  Ordered drinks from new table, they came, and there was red lipstick on the rim of my glass. Nice. The glass had not been washed!   Do they save  the dirty glasses for  patrons who ask for a different table?  Told our "server" and split.  Went two blocks   to Chestnut Hill Hotel - better food, service, prices, and value!  CH7 is  A DUMP!Honesty, shocked at the low reviews here. I notice people bitching about the layout of the place and that they cant find anything on the menu? Get real. Unfortunately for 7 Chestnuts 3 star Yelp rating, any yahoo with the palate of a dung beetle and the dining experience of an Inuit only on campus for a week of seal clubbing school can get a Yelp account and start hacking away at the good nature of decent establishments.
Stopped here after walking our labs on the Valley Green trail. Honestly I wasn't really expecting much of anything really since we were sitting outside with the dogs and just wanted a peaceful dinner. 
The Bridget burger; I fancy myself a burger aficionado. I've had all "the" burgers from Royal Tavern, Standard tap, Parc Meridien (NY), Village Whiskey and so on and so on so I wasn't really thinking ANYTHING about this burger from Chestnut Hill I was about to eat - just because I was starving and in the area. Wow - PLEASANTLY surprised. Really good quality beef and a taste that meshed greasiness (the good kind) with a great shitake sauce. It immediately ranked in my top 8 burgers of all time. Absolutely loved it!
Tartufo 13; The GF had this. While I don't consider myself really a brick oven pizza type person I have to say, this pizza was quite tasty and addicting.
Cozy little pigs; Sausage wrapped in puffed pastry. Pretty good I have to say. First time I had something like that  and it was pretty good.
I felt the service was fantastic. The server brought a bowl of water for he dogs and we only saw him when we needed something. Very professional. I would eat here again in a heartbeat.From the reviews I read the food was actually better than I was expecting, though the service was truly awful.
The menu is nothing like what I saw from other yelp reviewers. They no longer have burgers or veggie burgers on the menu, no nachos, wings or cheesesteak spring rolls. They now exclusively serve an Italian menu. The meatball panini while the meatballs were flavorful was served on sliced white bread instead of the advertised ciabatta.
Again, I state the service was awful. We were essentially ignored for the evening until we were finished eating and it was time for the check.  When the check was brought we were overcharged for a drink that we never had.
The outdoor dining patio is great and the restaurant has a lot of potential..
Chestnut 7... Get it together and stop the identity crisis you are going through.
Restaurant review from 6/1/2013- dinner on patioUnfortunately, I can not even rate the food because me and my date waited so long for the server to take our order, we had to leave.  
Went here for the first time on a Saturday night.  Our drinks were brought out quickly but after needing a few minutes to decide on what to order, the server disappeared for about 45 minutes without checking back in with us!  At this point, it was 9pm on a Saturday night and we were both very hungry.  It seemed more like a bar atmosphere rather than a restaurant.  The server didn't seem too apologetic and even had to ask the reason why we were leaving, "Was it the wait?" Gee, what do you think??  
I was really looking forward to tasting the menu but after that experience, I'm not rushing back anytime soon unless I'm forced to.UPDATE, ONE DAY LATER:
Went back for another business lunch. This time I ordered the tomato bisque. Delicious, but merely warm. I sent it back and it came back only a bit warmer. My partner ordered the veggie burger (which she loved) with a salad. The salad had no dressing and needed to go back.
Two days in a row, kitchen troubles. My partner said she overheard similar complaints in the ladies' loo. The people in the kitchen need to get their act together, or it's Solaris II.My family has been trying to find a family-friendly go-to in Chestnut Hill for years, and I think we've finally found it.  Chestnut 7 has a great laid-back feel, a friendly vibe, delicious food, and clearly a kitchen that cares about making their guests happy.  I had the "BYO" burger and asked for a fried egg on top (the menu says "if we have it, we'll put it on your burger").  The chef asked how I'd like it cooked, then delivered it exactly as requested, and I can't remember enjoying a burger more.
I'd describe the service as super-friendly, if a little slow.  But I far prefer slow, pleasant service to efficient-but-unfriendly service.  Our service was of the truly authentic, sincere sort, and we thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  We'll be back.Have dined at this restaurant every time I travel to Chestnut Hill and while I have always enjoyed the restaurant their newly revised menu hit the spot.  The burgers and pizza were fabulous.  They even have gluten free dough for their pizza and are so accommodating for a gluten allergy.  (the owner's mom is gluten free).  Outdoor seating is fabulous for those great fall days/nights and the service is truly exceptional.  Give this place a try or a second visit if you haven't been in a while.  It is truly a worthwhile dining experience.  Their bar selectin is great.  Excellent martinis and great beer selection.  And if you love the pulled pork nachos they are still available.  Just ask for them.  The byob (build your own burger) was so unique.  If they have it and you want it they will add it.  Very fun and extremely delicious!   Kudos to CH7 for their continued efforts to perfect their restaurant and their menu selections.Great Friday night stop for dinner & drinksNot bad, but anyone who lives and dines in this area can tell you the restaurant needs to step it up, if they expect to last. Lots of foodies in the area and many good restaurants at a stone's throw means lots of competition.
The menu is basic pub grub, with no real standouts. My wife and I were surprised to see how crowded it was for such a common menu. I think the draw is just because it's new, but over time things may dwindle down if they don't offer something unique.
This space used to be to Solaris, which was a tired old restaurant whose time had come. Unfortunately, this new replacement isn't much better. The interior is shiny and new, but cold and noisy. You can't hear yourself think here, let alone have a conversation. The annex is an old house that is attached to the main building, and doesn't match the decor or quality of materials in the main part. The spaces feel like two separate restaurants.
The wait staff is confused and slow, lots of running around and forgetful service. They're friendly but not very professional.
Beer and wine list is adequate but focus on mostly California wines and the usual Philadelphia beers you see in every local bar. They had an oak-aged Scotch Ale which was the most unique offering.
All-in-all, not a bad place if you want a salty burger and a beer. But nothing new, and the whole place seems to be unsure of its identity. Feels like they started out with a much grander concept of what they wanted, and then ran into budget and/or management issues and had to settle for less.The food is decent and we enjoy trivia night. However, the usual waitress we have for trivia often disappears even after we say we want to order something. We didn't see her on the floor for over half an hour the last time and had to get drink refills from the bartender. I have worked as a server. I understand that there is back work to do at the end of the night. But you should still come out and check on your tables if they say they're going to order something soon. Even after she came out she was quick to walk away from the table. She only took my order and didn't ask anyone at the table if they wanted anything. My boyfriend had to tell after her to order his drinks. I am usually understanding but we have experienced this on multiple occasions with the same waitress. I have never had this problem with any other server here. I usually tip well, but she did not deserve 20%. Other than that their changing draft selections are good.As someone who lives and works in Chestnut Hill I must say that this place is a breath of fresh air. For years Chestnut Hill was stagnant with average restaurants and bars. Once CH7 opened its doors things began to change for the better.
CH7 keeps things fresh and new. From their constantly rotating taps to their menu specials, things are always changing. Their staff is friendly and personable. I especially like the their tap takeover events where they host a craft brewery to come in and serve their arsenal of beers. Also you can find a decent raw bar menu for those nights that you are craving oysters. The outdoor seating is a major plus too.
Best dish on their menu is the southwestern steak frites!Wife and I went in for brunch on a lazy sunday. Everything started out great and the ambiance is nice. But they got our order wrong, forgot our request for more coffee, and billed us for the wrong order twice. Maybe it was just the sunday staff but it got more sour an experience as the meal went on. 
Food was good though. We had the french toast and one with peaches.Good food but more on the expensive side $15-$20 a plate. Nice outdoor patio but not a great happy hour. Usually 4-5 micro brews that rotate monthly, also themed drinks per month too.I went here for my birthday.  It had opened a month prior and had been receiving good reviews so I thought it would be a good idea to try it.  The former business (Solaris) was a bomb and was glad it closed.  Chestnut 7 is easily better than most other places in Chestnut Hill, and I would totally go back.
We had the chorizo dip to start along with cheesesteak spring rolls and the special app of the night, swordfish ceviche.  The dip was TO DIE FOR!  We couldn't stop eating it.  The spring rolls were as good as they can be and the ceviche, while good, wasn't my cup of tea.  They used coconut milk to ease the acidity and I'm not the biggest fan of coconut anything.
For dinner I had their Steak Frites... It was amazing!  Cooked perfectly and seasoned very well, it made for a very nice birthday dinner.  In addition, the prices for everything were very good.  My friends also thoroughly enjoyed their meals, especially the pulled pork.  
Our server was full of energy and funnier than hell.  My one complaint is that this place is loud.  There are no walls, like their was in the previous iteration and the bar is dead center of the main dining area.  I'm not sure what the atmosphere is like in the other rooms (there are two), but I'm sure they were quieter.  They also have outdoor dining, which was really the only good thing about Solaris.  I'll definitely have to stop back soon!It's one of the places to eat in adorable Chestnut Hill. 
My family and I made last-minute reservations here after my brother's graduation due to the general indecisive nature of my family.
I think everything was just okay if I think about it without comparing it to anything. If I compare it to other restaurants in Philadelphia, I would say...
My salad was basically a big bag of arugula dumped on a plate for $11. The beer list is small and not much to choose from. The service was alright, and the atmosphere seemed better in the bar area, or maybe even better outside.
I could see possibly coming back to dine outside and try a pizza, but not much else. I wanted to really like this place because I adore Chestnut Hill and need more excuses to hang out there!The waitress literally walked away to hug her friends in the middle of taking our order and forgot to come back. Brought the wrong beer twice and needed to be reminded three times to bring my son's milk. Calamari was not cooked and sent back. Everything was very bland. I would not go back.dined out today for dinner. this was my first time going since it was solaris. i saw a feature about their steak frites on nbc foodies so i figured i'd try.
we went at around 5 because it was early and we had a newborn who might fuss mid-dinner. it wasnt crowded at all. the space inside was open and spacious. we ate outside on the patio. plenty of seats.
the wait was really short but it wasnt many people so this isnt a surprise. the server was friendly and not overly so but just right. we got cocktails that were VERY strong. so if you like them strong this place is for you.
my steak was delicious. cooked more than i ordered but still tasty and juicy!! i would definitely get this again. my friends burger looked yummy and she said it was good. 
for dessert we has the strawberry shortcake which was eh. bredenbecks cakes are often dry so i wasnt surprised by this either.
overall, we had a good experience and its a family friendly neighborhood which i appreciate. i will be back.I very rarely write reviews, but I think Chestnut 7 deserves one after my experience today. Here's the thing - you can't trust any of the old reviews because Chestnut 7 has a brand new menu as of 4 days ago. Being my first time here I don't know what the food was like before, but its incredible now. I had the Boomer burger (mushroom, goat cheese, truffle mayo) and my husband had the chipotle French dip. Both were served with hand cut fries with sea salt, that were delicious. And that burger was honestly one of the best burgers I've ever had. The location and service are also great, but its really about the food. 
So if you haven't been here since they changed the menu earlier this week, you should give it another shot.On a recent visit to Philly my friend and I at at Chestnut 7. It was very good and the service was great. It was very busy and we had a little wait but I was visiting a friend so there was no rush for us. 
We had the calamari to start and it was very good. It had all kinds of fun things in it- including dried bananas! 
I had a chicken dish and it was amazing. My friend had the gumbo and loved it. It was a casual place but the food screamed FANCY!We ate here on a Tuesday night.  The restaurant was not busy and yet (and YET) we had the worst service I have had in years...anywhere.  The waitress knew very little about beer, but that was no big deal.   What was inexcusable and will prevent me from ever going back was the fact that we waited 90 minutes (!) for our orders during which time no one--server, manager, anyone-- came over and apologized, said anything or even brought us bread...Finally, I tracked down the waitress to see if she had forgotten. She was very flustered and apologetic and blamed it on the kitchen being backed up. I have no reason to doubt her (even though, as I've mentioned, the place was not crowded) but that is no excuse for us being so ignored.  The food when it arrived was decent but the whole experience left such a bad taste in my mouth (no pun intended) that I don't think I can be objective.   I doubt they will last.I'm a fan because of the burgers and reasonable priced menu including drinks.  If you're looking for a burger that is cooked true to order, go here now.  Nice mix of ages, people, etc.  I am a wine drinker and tried the white sangria and thought the club soda overpowered the wine and thought it should be a lighter spash of the soda (IMO).  Other than that, no complaints worth mentioning.  Definitely great to have this place in the area.Don't bother! Went in on a Tuesday night and the place was relatively (though not overly) crowded. Took at least 15 mins to get a glass of wine, placed an order for the octopus salad and couple pizzas. 1/2 hour later got the salad. Had to go to the bar to get my own drink refilled. 1.5 hours later we left, disappointed. Ended up at Chestnut Grille a block down and had a lovely meal. 
The folks at Chestnut gave us our appetizer and wine gratis, but I won't be going back on account of the horrendous service.love the service and atmosphere. cheese steak spring rolls were a winner. the outdoor patio should get packed as the weather gets warmer. great location in the center of chestnut hill with free parking lot in the rear.I really wanted to like Chestnut 7. Unfortunately nothing was very likable.  The service was really bad, the food was only average and not what I was expecting with the big bar, and huge TVs.  Seems like Chestnut 7 is still figuring out what they do well.  While they're figuring it out, I hope they at least compensate with better service!Went here for brunch on Saturday and was stunned at how good the food was. We had a perfect eggs benedict (potatoes were outstanding...how often do you say that?), a burger (great roll, the fries were incredible with Montreal steak seasoning), and a short rib pizza that had so much flavor and a good crust. Food was dirt cheap by DC standards. Only downside was that it was dead on a beautiful Saturday day at lunchtime.  Do yourself a favor and help fill it up because the food was absolutely delicious.I was surprised to find that Solaris Grille is now Chestnut 7.  Dinner for 2.  I liked the remodel, cutting out the bar wall really opened up the place.  The website and menu reference cajun and southern cooking.  The decor is of sports (old school baseball and rowing teams in philly), maps and boat diagram.  You can make it cajun, and make reference it without going all mardi gras.
On the other hand, the wait staff needs to be trained better.  It took my companion 20 minutes to get her drink order, after it was requested twice.  No water on the table until the meal was served.  I asked if they had specials, the waitress said they didn't  have a pasta special and they were out of the fish special.  Saturday night at 7:30 and you are out?  Not acceptable.  I asked if they had soups.  Waitress said 2, no soup was on the menu and no price was quoted.  After requesting change of a $20, I got back 15 $1s (and a 5).  I questioned this and she said that was all they had.  Excuse me?  A full bar and restaurant and you can't score a $10 bill?
Now onto the food.  I ordered the french onion.  What cheese there was was burnt and they put some kind of dried sticks of herbs, possibly chives on top.  This made it harder to eat.  Soup itself was blah.  My friend had cheesesteak rolls.  Undersized for the money.  The zucchini with tomato sauce looked to have been under-sauced and in the microwave.
I asked how long the restaurant has been Chestnut 7.  I was told since July 2011.  If they had just been opened 2-3 months, I could excuse these issues as a learning curve, but they need to get better fast.Pros:  Friendly, great service.  Delicious veggie burger. 
Cons:  In a word, the food is uneven.  Some is good -- I had a pizza and the pork chops on past visits, and enjoyed both.
But good lord, they ruined the good name of the Cobb Salad.  A plate of iceberg lettuce with a couple of tomatoes, some bacon bits,  a quartered egg and some bleu cheese? That's what your calling a Cobb?  Oy. What a disappointment.  And a downright affront to pay $17 for it (coupled with the crab cake).
The crab cake was not much better than the salad. It says "lump crab" on the menu, but it's not.  It's not offensively bad, like the salad, just, well, Meh. 
My dining partner said the Guinness tasted like the lines hadn't been cleaned in awhile. 
It was a beautiful day, and we enjoyed sitting outside, with friendly waitstaff. But the salad/crabcake was such a disappointment that it overshadowed the meal, and will make us think twice before going back.I didn't give this one star, because the staff is friendly and I feel they really ARE trying. It's just that...it's mediocre at best. Nothing works for me here. The tables are too high and awkward, there's really nothing on the menu that I have to have, and of the 2 times I've been here, the food was pretty lame both occasions. I honestly think applebees has better food. But, like I said, the staff is nice and they do have a great outdoor space with plenty of tables. Sorry CH7, I really wanted to like you.in the space formerly known as solaris, i had a wonderful lunch here with a dear friend 
haven't spent too much time on the hill since i stopped working here, so it was a nice surprise to see new things/new construction/less vacant store fronts
chestnut 7 features a nice airy interior with outdoor seating on a side terrace
there is a decent little menu, good beer selection and a very knowledgeable server, whose name escapes me, who was more than happy to talk beer with us - he brought us a few samples which were delicious
we ordered sandwiches
the veggie burger with side salad was really good 
the bbq pulled pork served with house made kettle chips and slaw could have used a bit more of a kick, but it was still tasty
good brioche bun on both sandwiches
all in all, a decent place for a casual lunch or after work drinks/noshThis place seems to pretend to be a delicious, happening spot.. but it's kind of a downer. I've been here 3-4 times in the past few months, and each experience has been exactly "meh."
Portions are big, service is decent, the place is pretty clean and spacious (with outdoor seating). Prices are okay also.
But the food is.. salty.. just overall unimpressive. The height of the meal will probably occur as the waitress/waiter is putting it on the table. Pizzas, burgers, chicken burgers, salads.. I've tried it all and can say it was 'alright' at best.
It's fine for a weekday when you just want to grab something quick (but not healthy or relatively cheap).. but I wouldn't pick this place to gather with friends or coworkers.
Fries: meh! (no go for me.)My fiancé and I walked by this many of times and the menu was posted on the front of the establishment. Honestly, the menu was not enticing enough to warrant out patronage. So we never even gave the place a try...
To our surprise, we looked at the menu and it was new. After giving the place a try, we were hooked and went there 3 times in 2 weeks. If you have been there in the past I highly recommend giving them another try!!!!Our friends & hosts for the weekend suggested Chestnut 7 for Sunday brunch, and I was really disappointed. Smoked salmon eggs Benedict was dry, Italian pork panini was average at best, my son's order of "Mickey Mouse Pancakes" was a single, flat, overcooked one, and service from the kitchen was pretty slow. It was all a little pricey, to boot (including $6 for that single pancake!).
We'll certainly be back in the neighborhood to visit these friends, but I'll be hard-pressed to return to this place for a meal.The reviews on here were pretty much right on.  Its a bit loud inside, but not unbearable.  The prices are high, esp beers, but I guess that's to be expected in CH.
That said, the short rib pizza was great and a nice change of pace and the cheesesteak spring rolls were delicious too.
EDIT
My 2nd trip here was just so so.  Got the same menu items.  I really think this place is overpriced for what you get.  Cheesesteak springrolls are great, but tiny for $10 or whatever the cost.They've recently made major changes.  They've changed management and kitchen staff.  The result has not been good.  Service is much slower than it used to be and the food quality isn't nearly as good.  And the prices have increased.   There are definitely much better choices available at similar or lower prices in Chestnut Hill.Sorry - food, service, atmosphere - I didn't like any of it. 
I hope they change some things because I would hate to see this restaurant fail.Although the service was great, the food was not. We had the lobster roll and the vegetarian fettuccine. The food tasted like cardboard and the lobster tasted as if it were going bad.I've been here twice now and each visit, the service was horrible.  The first time we showed up about 10 minutes after our reservation time and had to wait about 45 minutes we could be seated because they fell behind in patrons, even though the restaurant was not at full capacity. Then we were seated, it took about 25 minutes for someone to come by and get our drink orders and they didn't even ask about food.  Finally someone came by for food orders, but since it was going to take about an hour to get any substantial we just ordered 2 appetizers which took about 40 minutes to come to our table. 
The second time we went it took about 2 hours from sitting to finally paying the bill. and the 2 hours was not because we wanted a long dinner, it took 2 hours because the organization of the restaurant is poor.  The food is good when it finally comes, but unless you have about 2.5 hours to devout to dinner, it would not recommend coming here.We came here with pretty low expectations (given the 3 star yelp ratings), BUT this place still didn't even hit the low mark.
Coming from center city, we are very spoiled - so it seems like we will have to adjust our expectations or cook at home, in our new neighborhood.  We went to Chestnut 7 on Friday night and in addition to the Harry Potter pub crawl there was some sort of "young  (not really) professional" mixer going on.  
Despite the full house, we were seated immediately.  However, we waited and waited and waited for our meal.  There seemed to be no rhyme or reason to when / how dishes were coming out.  One table that was seated well after we were received their sweet potato fries  (the same that we ordered) about 10 minutes before we did.  Another table that was also seated after us received what I believe was our order of hot wings, b/c our hot wings never actually made it to our table.  After the waitress realized we never received the hot wings, she apologized and said the wings were on the house (ok, that was nice!).
We also ordered the house salad w/ grilled chicken, which wasn't horrible, but was slightly reminiscent of a Friendly's salad.  My husband had the mussels and he complained that they were pretty lousy.  My husband also ordered a Guiness - and this very light beer came out in its place.  Now, my husband is a beer expert ... to me, a beer, is a beer, is a beer - clearly, I'm not a beer drinker!  When he brought this mistake to the waitresses attention, he said "I don't think this is a Guiness" she looked at it and said "I don't think so either!"  Yet, she's the one who brought the "GUINESS" to the table.  The waitress seemed young and nice, so no diss to her - I'm sure it was just a busy night!  But likely,  we won't be back!  Off to find a good meal in Chestnut Hill / Mt. Airy....We came here for a birthday with 4 people. To start off, our server was awesome. She even asked if anyone at the table had allergies, which one of our guests did. Food is decently priced. For starters we had the cheese steak spring roll, chorozo dip, and sword fish civiche. All were delicious! For dinner we ordered the steak fritas, Bridget burger, chicken chabbata sandwich, and the pulled pork. Again, all were delicious. All of our plates were clean! I would recommend this place.I don't know why, but our experiences here just haven't matched up with most yelpers. This is one of those places we keep reeeeeeally trying to like, especially because it's near to us and we love Chestnut Hill, and it's got a great outdoor dining space. 
We've tried four times and agreed today that nope, this would be it for us. We've tried several things on the menu and today went during brunch. Ordered a bloody mary and beer (sucky beer selection, btw). We decided on soups and salads because nothing on the Brunch menu really struck us. My hubs had to send his salad back (which, as a chef he NEVER does) because the dressing was so sickeningly sweet ( I tried it and agreed). My Chop salad was rather blah and although I ordered it with chicken, it was that bizarre, pressed/processed chicken that makes me want to gag. Our French Onion soup was good, not great. Only thing on the menu for kids was...yep, you guessed it: pizza, chicken fingers or mac and cheese (this is starting to SERIOUSLY drive me nuts...NO, really, kids DO eat more than these 3 toddler food groups). Our kiddo didn't order anything because she's just as sick of seeing this shit on the menu as we are. 
Where this restaurant is really off the mark is the service. EVERY time we come here we have to get up and go to ask for things ourselves, or the server forgets something (like silverware (!)or to come back and check in), or they're just...not good servers. Today's guys was nice and all ,but just chipper in all the wrong ways...he came by and asked us "how's the water"...uhhh...really?? I had to ask several times for a Glass for my water (though I'm not shy about chugging my Pellegrino out of the bottle-AT HOME), and just made dumb comments, like when my husband was done with his soup, "wow! you're done?! you must have really liked it! OK! " ummm..just shut up, dude.  
Bottom line.."meh. I've experienced better" and for what they're supposed to be...we'll find another fabulous outdoor dining space elsewhere with good food, great atmosphere, badass drinks and beer selection...I just. know. it.I don't usually complain about prices, but this place is really off the mark:  $14 dollar burgers, $7.00 well drinks, and $6.00 canned beer?  I had some decent oysters from the raw bar, that listed no price.  Who knows what I paid for those.  Saw a shrimp cocktail listed for $2.50, and was quickly cautioned by waiter that price was per shrimp.  You can't be serious.  Pricing a shrimp cocktail, per shrimp, at multiple bucks a piece?  Look out Vegas, with your 99 cent shrimp cocktails. Here comes Chestnut Hill!  I'm waiting for $2 a piece wing night during Cowboys games.
The burger was hard packed and pre-formed.  I kept thinking, it must have been frozen; and didn't taste like it couldn't be.  I could hit Village Whiskey, get much better food and drinks, and save a significant amount of money.  I guess I'm paying for the better decor and atmosphere here...
I did notice that kids eats free on Sundays.  If they are charging this much for this fare, I'd hate to see the scraps they'll throw at your kids for no charge.  Definitely skip this place.  If you thought this part of town didn't offer much, these people are reinforcing this opinion, with extreme prejudice.Well this place is terrible the service is awful we came in before 12 and were the 2nd table in the entire place (which was completely empty) it's been well over an hour and we just got our meal after ton of people in here already been served all who walked in after us. We had to talk to the manager and the excuse was the kitchen is backed up sorry. Well we placed our order before any of the other tables were filled how is that an excuse. The waitress had an attitude the entire time and never even asked us for a refill. We will never be back hereChestnut 7 is a welcome addition to the Chestnut Hill dining scene.  It's a nice middle ground between the finer dining restaurants and sports bars/pubs that are popular in the area. My new favorite place to take friends when they're in the area!
Pros:
-Excellent ambience; mixed crowd, a comfortable place to dine, drink and catch up with friends
-Imaginative menu that incorporates comfort food classics with New American touches. Things to try: short rib pizza, Alley fries, burgers, mac and cheese, bananas foster for dessert. Their brunch menu looks really tasty as well!
-Varied beer, wine and cocktail list, incorporating a mix of local and seasonal craft beer, an accessible wine list, and a few signature cocktails; something for everyone
Cons:
-The service is still a little off, but since they opened not that long ago, I think they're just working out the kinks still. Servers/bartenders are either a bit over-attentive or not enough so, but again, not really a criticism, just something to be mindful of, because they are still new.Came here for brunch with my family, including a wheelchair and a toddler in a high chair and had a great experience! 
Not only were they incredibly helpful with our motley crue, the food and drinks were great. a very respectable bloody mary, DELISH breakfast pizza (definitely enough for 2 people to share) and great reviews on the crepes with strawberries as well. 
all in all, I was very pleased with this new addition to the ave and will be back for dinner.I didn't realize that I never wrote a review for this place, though I admit I dined here quite a while ago while it was still a burger joint, though it appears to have changed. I can only hope the service changed along with the food. I had the veggie burger, which was so mushy and terrible that I actually emailed after I left because I felt they should know. I got a nice response from the manager who apologized and said he left a gift card for me in the safe at the restaurant. I don't live super close so I didn't go to use it until a month or so later. Apparently, that manager no longer worked there and when I explained that he had left me a gift card after I provided feedback on my dining experience, the girl just said flatly, "Yeah. He doesn't work here anymore. Sorry." Welp, that's fantastic customer service, right? *sarcasm* No thanks...I'll go elsewhereHave been here several times now and always have a great time. Burgers and pizzas are both excellent, almost surprisingly so. I was expecting bar food, but what I have had is legitimately good. Their wings and pork nacho appetizer are good as well, but we typically skip the appetizers because the burger and fries are so filling.
My only complaint would be an unimpressive beer list, but I always find something good. I will continue to go back here for as long as I live in chestnut hill.Check those receipts...
We would have loved to give Chestnut 7 a better review, we like the layout, location, music, TVs and feel of this establishment, BUT twice our credit card bill was processed for a tiny bit more than what we signed for on the original merchant receipt.  Burns me.  It was hard to get someone with authority over the phone.  I did eventually walk over to Chestnut 7 in the evening, I met with the General Manager, he seemed genuinely concerned.
I do feel like we will go there again, the martinis are good, and the food is very good as well.  I'm not sure why others struggle with the menu.  We like the selection.Just had a beer, but nice decor, patio is nice.  Too damn hot today though!  Just opened, so no evaluation on food or service yet.  Give them at least a month to work things out before I do that.We've been here quite a few times since it's opened and we've enjoyed it every time. The burgers are delicious and the salads are unique and tasty. Go on a nice day and sit outdoors! 
They also have a decent beer selection and the last time we were there, our waiter was fantastic! The fries are seasoned and are quite tasty.Went here for dinner, after another restaurant lost my reservation. The scene is nice. The waitstaff was very nice and the food was pretty good. They have the best bananas froster that I have every had!The scene is more lively than the food. The food is ok, not bad, but not "I can't wait to have that again" food.  It's an ok place to eat, but probably a better place to drink...with friends.We have eaten at Chestnut 7 several times, both for lunch and dinner. I prefer to go when the weather is good so we can sit out on the patio. The food is much better than it used to be when Solaris was at this location but still some dishes tend to be mediocre. It's best to stick with the safe standards like burger and fries. It is child friendly and the bar has a good selection of drinks (not to say that I always think of children and alcohol together, lol).I went to Chestnut 7 last year and had a bad experience.  My burger was over cooked, they brought the wrong beers and service was horrible.  I vowed that we would never go back but last week their outdoor seating area lured me back in.
I'm glad I gave it another try.  We stopped in for a light Sunday lunch. The menu looked different (no burgers anymore) and our server was much more attentive.  She seemed to be reciting a script which made her sound robotic but it didn't bother me.  (I'm wondering if management makes them use a script after receiving all the bad reviews)
We ordered the mushroom truffle flat bread and the ceasar salad.  Both were tasty.  I feel comfortable adding Chestnut 7 back into my regular restaurant rotation again.
Please keep it up!Cute place, good food and drinks. I had the short rib pizza... Delicious and a bit spicy. My friends had the veggie burger and the chicken sandwich which they reported as very good. Nice place to meet up with friends and have dinner but I noticed my legs started to hurt while sitting for over a hour at dinner on the bar height chairs. Overall nice spot that I would check out again.I took my mom and sister out on the Saturday before Mother's Day. I made a reservation and we got there on time. They seated us at a small table in their large party room where there was large group (which was a little awkward and secluded). It took a long time for them to take our drink orders and there was another long wait to receive our drinks.  They weren't even busy or anything. We ordered our food and waited another long wait. It was over 45 minutes from the time we sat down to the time we started eating. My mom and I both got paninis which were supposed to be on focaccia bread but they used sliced white bread without even telling us. Plus, the "paninis" were basically two sandwiches stacked together. My sister ordered fries as a side and when the entrees came out, we asked if the fries were coming. No one came to tell us that it was forgotten and we could tell it was forgotten because 10 minutes later, piping hot, undercooked fries were brought to our table. My mom ordered a mimosa and the amount they gave was like a third of the glass - not sure if this is normal, but it seemed like a pitiful amount to me. We all had glasses of water too, and my sister's glass was cracked and my mom's glass had lipstick marks. It was such a bad place to go for Mother's Day that it was almost comical.After living in Chestnut Hill for the past 5 years, I was psyched to see a new place open in the old Solaris Grille spot. Unfortunately, the Chestnut 7 seems to have the same M.O as its predecessor. 
My boyfriend and I were sorely disappointed with our meals. I ordered the Cobb Salad which came back a watery tasteless mix of iceberg lettuce, some red onions, and a few chunks of blue cheese. Oh yea, there may have been a 1/4 of an egg there too. It's pretty hard to ruin a Cobb salad, but this one was the pits. I expect a Cobb to be jam packed with all the things that make salads unhealthy!! This one was mostly huge strips of wet lettuce.
We should have expected that my boyfriend's "BYO burger" would live up to its name. Yep, he should have brought his own. This was the saddest burger plate I've seen in a while. Completely colorless, the plate came out with a burger sans onion, lettuce, or tomato and a tiny little pile of limp french fries. For 13 bucks, I was expecting a least a special dipping sauce or something to spruce up your typical burger plate. 
The shining point of the meal was my boyfriend's blood orange margarita. For 7 bucks, it didn't taste particularly great, but it was strong and worth the money. On the other hand, my basil cocktail paired perfectly with my Cobb. It was tasteless and apparently a virgin cocktail too. Glad I paid 8 bucks for small glass of basil flavored water.
I realize this place is new, and perhaps I'm being a bit harsh, but it's not like there were any mistakes or hiccups that ruined our experience. Nope, just a soul-less dining experience. This restaurant is clearly more focused on appearance than food. I'll take my money to the Chestnut Grille - sure it lacks ambiance - but at least I'll get something that tastes good.This restaurant is great.  I went there on a Wednesday night and it was very lively.  I was pretty surprised, since it was the middle of the week.
We were greeted right away and had to sit at the bar for about 10 minutes.  Then we were whisked away to the side area where the tables were away from the noise - thought that was a great idea.
Both my brother and I had the salmon and it was delicious.  The sangria also was very tasty.  When I go back I'm getting the cheesesteak egg rolls for sure.  All in all a great neighborhood spot in Chestnut Hill/Mount Airy area.This place has 1 intent: to give you really bad food that drives you to drink. But then the drinks aren't even that good--though they are expensive. As is the food. An uninspired menu is one thing, but low-quality bar food served with enough salt to give you instant hypertension (rock salt on the fries), enough grease to lubricate a car's suspension (onion rings), and enough cayenne and jalepeno pepper to set a fire is inexcusable (veggie burger).
The veggie burger was a mash of beans, onions, and pepper with chunks of cheese in it. It tasted microwaved and was slathered with a cheap tasting bbq sauce.  My companions hamburger looked and tasted like the cheapest of the cheap ground chuck.  My plain fries seemed triple salted. His Alley Fries were so salty that one couldn't distinguish the additional seasoning they described on the menu.
Service was OK.  The patio, which could be a very enchanting place is very spartan in terms of garden/landscaping. The inside is an attractive renovation with a huge bar and small side tables. HOwever, the noise level is ultra-loud because there are no sound-absorbing surfaces. The place was about 1/5 full when we arrived and the cacophony rose to ear splitting level as it approached 1/3 full. To the point where you couldn't hear the person sitting across the small table from you.
With all the great neighborhood bars with terrific food on the Hill and in Mt. Airy, I can't understand why anyone would frequent this place. We like to support new restaurants in our neighborhood, and frequent those that serve quality food and beverage, but have X'ed this one off our list.I met a friend there last week and really enjoyed it. The beer and wine list are really impressive. You can tell the owners/chef know how to match food and beer/wine. We had the fries which were really tasty. They drizzle butter over them and then sprinkle with steak seasoning and parm cheese. They paired well with the Victory Summer Love. For entree, I had the jamabalaya and it was awesome. Perfect spice level and the seafood was very fresh. I thought the price was a bit high for their entrees, especially the jambalaya. But then, I noticed my friend's salmon entree was huge and the same price so it all balances out. 
I really want to check out their burgers and flatbread pizzas on my next outing. I also read that they may start serving oysters at the bar soon. YUM!
I thought the service was great at the bar and at our table. Very friendly and welcoming servers and bartenders. The manager also stopped by our table to make sure everything was to our liking. My only complaint was the hostess. She seemed more concerned with saying hello to the male patrons than being a hostess. Upon leaving, we said thanks to her and she barely looked up and it wasn't because she was helping other patrons to their tables. That's just rude. Not to be petty but I go for the whole experience.....food, drinks, service, ambiance and the hostess just spoiled the ambiance thing. 
Definitely check out Chestnut 7. You'll enjoy it!I went here with my husband one night for a date.  We had a pretty good experience there- no complaints at all (except that it was cold!)
The place centers around a bar, so it looks like a good place to go with friends when you just want drinks & snacks.  We sat at a tablet right next to the bar, so it felt like sitting on the sidelines, sort of.  We played with the idea of going there to watch a game sometime, but there really aren't that many tv's, so the chance that the game I want to watch being visible wherever I'm seated is pretty nil.  
The menu was small- but the good kind, where there's still plenty of options.  You know those restaurants that have 12 page menus and are filled with 3 or 4 foods arranged in different orders, essentially?  This is a way better alternative.  There is something for everyone on the menu, even if it is smaller.  I had a tough time deciding between a few options, but when I saw the Margarita Pizza walking by, I knew I needed to have one.  We also ordered the hummus plate, which arrived quickly and was tasty & fresh.  
Service was fast & friendly.  There were lots-o-people ready to snatch up dirty dishes off the table.  ...me thinks there was a prize for every dirty dish brought to the back (kinda like cans & bottles).  
Overall, I was totally pleased by my dining experience and would go so far to bring out-of-towners for catching up & drinks, etc.  
**Bonus** outdoor seating!Gluten-free & vegan heaven!!  I took a grannie client to Chestnut 7 as a 3rd choice of restaurants for lunch;  we came away devoted fans.  My older friend loved the attractive, restful (in spite of TV screens) interior & wants to check out the al fresco dining on a less blustery day.  I flipped over having MULTIPLE fully vegan options.  For my gluten-intolerant friends, there are a surprising number of gluten-free options, including gluten-free beer.  (the owners have family members with gluten issues, so having g-f options is close to their hearts - can't beat that.)   my full-carnivore grannie client, torn between two burgers (the boomer's mushroom medley & the wedge's thick-cut bacon), ended up ordering the b.y.o. (build your own) which let her combine the two.  Both of us loved every aspect of our lunch, from the calm ambiance to the small but well chosen menu to the service,  We are totally hooked!Great menu & service for dinner, drinks or a late night drop in.
Try the pizza's, wings, sandwiches... They're all good and always ask about their specialsNew menu. Stop in to try it out the lobster roll & the other new items