After trying a few ramen places with crazy variety in their selections and stellar broth, I was not too excited about the ramen I got at Cheu.  Maybe it's a matter of taste, but personally, I was not a fan of their thick noodles, and extremely salty broth.  
The service was great, and they had a nice selection of beers!  The friend I went with loved it, and has been many times.  Honestly, I'm just sorry I wasn't a bigger fan.  But I hope others try it for themselves.  I might just be an oddball out on this one.Second visit even better than the first!!  Loved the butternut squash and goat cheese Rangoons, and the delightfully filling mushroom yakisoba. Amazing flavor, and a smoky , meaty feel though it is meatless. Then came the coconut curry ramen. Heaven in a bowl. 
My only complaint is when you have to wait for seating there is no way to hang by the bar without constantly feeling you are in The servers' way as they breeze by with deliciousness in bowls and plates. So worth the wait before heading to the theater. Plus, food comes out very quickly so we made the curtain, just barely, but with really happy tummies.I came here with a group of four and had a great experience. There are tons of interesting appetizers to try--we had dumplings with corn and mushrooms, wings, and some specials that are escaping me. Each of us also got an order of noodles. These are not chinatown noodle house portions, but they also aren't chinatown noodle house ingredients. Interesting, fresh, and tasty. Plus its a great deal and BYO to boot. Great addition to 10th street!Happy hour here is great! We ordered the corn rangoons, which were a nice combination of savory and sweet, and the bulgogi dumplings, along with the happy hour cocktail special. If we had stopped there, the bill would have been $24. But the dumplings were so good we had to get another order and the cocktails were so good we had to each get (ahem) two more. And the food in general was so delicious that we wanted to try some entrees. The brisket ramen noodles were perfectly cooked and the meat was very tender. The shrimp dan dan noodles were peanutty and creamy. Service was very attentive and friendly and even with all the booze, the bill was more than reasonable. Can't wait to come back!This place blew my mind! My husband and I were craving ramen noodles for weeks and we went there hoping to get some tasty Ramen, little did we know that their food was unbelievably tasty. The flavors and the unexpected twist to their menu went above and beyond what we expected. 
I got the Brisket Ramen and my husband got the Lamb, they were both amazing but I highly recommend the Brisket. 
This is restaurant has moved to my top 3 places to eat at in Philly. OUTSTANDING food and great service!Some foodie friends have been talking this place up to me so I finally decided to check it out, and it was definitely worth it.
The dumplings of the day were Pork and Mung Bean, and they were decent.  The dumpling dough is perfectly chewy and excellent as far as thickness.  The filling I thought was a little under seasoned, but when I rolled it around in the Chili Oil, it was quite tasty.
I also had the burger, which I thought was an unusual item to have on the menu for a noodle bar, but thought it would be interesting to try.  The burger is on more of a denser bread than a typical bun, and the mustard greens and acidic sauces worked great together.  The burger had a lot of Eastern flavors, but was still a burger, a well cooked one, at that.  Enjoyed a quick tasty lunch for 12 bucks.  As the temperatures rise this summer, I'll probably try the cold noodles and I think the ramen is calling for me this winter.Loved the noodles, charred brussels sprouts, beer options, decor, and service. The overall character is superb. When you have non-Asians run an Asian-themed noodle bar, greatness happens. Can't wait to come back.The goal of the day was to fill our bellies with warm and tasty ramen, and I am so happy to say we did that a Cheu! My friends and I actually started with the Black Garlic Wings (6), which is great to share with 3 people. The wings were tangy and sweet, very flavorful, and I definitely recommend giving them a try. We also ordered the Butternut Rangoon, and can I just say that I could probably eat like twenty of those and be so happy with my life. They were so light and crispy, and absolutely addicting.
I ordered the Coconut Curry Noodles with a marinated egg. The the broth was so full of curry and a sweet coconut flavor, it was delicious! I also appreciated that the broth had a bit of heat to it, because the spicier the better in my opinion.The noodles were soft, and filling--so fun to slurp right up. 
For two apps, and three bowls, it came out to $26, including tip, and I was full for the rest of the day!Definitely recommend trying this spot if you're ever in the city and need something to warm you up. I will be back to Cheu sometime soon!So I came here after all the hoopla on the foobooz site and because Matyson is an awesome byob(and who doesn't love delicious noodles). I have to say, had the burger and pork belly buns and they were excellent. Also had the BBQ crisp appetizer that had a great flavor yet it needed something to soak up the sauce. Finally had the lamb braised noodles and they were great. Again I wanted to soak up every ounce of the sauce. They should go against the norm and serve a nice crusty bread- blasphemy you might say but seriously something must be done to soak up these flavors.
Now onto the bad part, the prices.  Way too expensive for everything. Nan Zhou hand drawn noodles Isn't that far away and their delicious noodles are 3-5 bucks depending on either the peanut or soy pork sauce; Cheu's prices are around 11-15, and small to boot. Also sampan isn't far away with a great priced happy hour. I know Cheu is just starting up, so hopefully after a time they will be a little more affordable.
This place is great with a comfy feel and a warm and inviting staff.  I will be back, just not often or I'll be broke.Absolutely amazing! Must get the black garlic wings - they are to die for! My brisket ramen was delicious as well, I can not wait to come back!This place is small, actually it's tiny. But it's cool! check out the wall mural ! 
I like their business philosophy, check it out on the back of their menu. 
As for the food, Asian fusion , that's all I can tell you. 
Miso Ramen - The broth was actually decent, it's creamy and tasty. The pork shoulder falls apart with the grab of chopsticks. nicely done. 
Brisket Ramen - two big slices of Brisket, quantity over powers quality. To be honest Brisket was flavorless. This bowl contains Kimichi, kimichi with ramen how interesting.We've been there for Valentine's Day !! 
It was actually really good, well priced and really nice service !! They Cook in front of us as well ! Awesome experienceIt's a relatively small space, there are maybe only 7 tables inside. They have vegetarian options! I tried the spicy Sichuan chili fat noodles and it was not that spicy for me (they said it was the spiciest item on their menu but it's not too spicy). It was good, but slightly bland. My friend got the other dish I don't remember the name of (refer to photo), but it was really good. My food would get 3 stars (quite average) but friend's bowl was better, and the service was prompt and wonderful.Probably one of the best places to get food in the city.  They're innovative and awesome people at this place, I will always recommend this place!- TIP:  Their black garlic wings are some of the best wings in the city.
- CON:  Recent happy hour addition was downright disappointing.  Quality of dishes wasn't up to Cheu's standard.  Service was curt.  
- BOTTOM LINE:  It pains me to give this place 3 stars.  A year ago, I emphetically would proclaim it to be my favorite restaurant in the city.  But they've lost their way.  Hand torn noodles are gone from the menu.  Service has been shoddy (it used to be extremely welcoming).  Food quality has been inconsistent.  It's a shame, because I want to keep on loving this place.There were quite a few reasons why I could not give Cheu a five-star rating but it does not include the food. First, Cheu is a small location. There are only three tables crammed into a small nook which should onlyt. Second, VERY limited seating. Therefore, this place does not offer reservations, except in extreme cases, and seating it fills up fast. 
However, the food does come out at a fast rate so I cannot see why anyone would want to eat, relax and talk for a bit. The noise level is rather loud and the music does not help in that aspect. 
Besides those little annoyances, Cheu does offer delicious ramen that is worth the wait and crammed area. The secret lies in their small menu that is precise and allows to make ramen a specialty. I tasted ramen from other restaurants and the menus tend to be huge; lots of combinations, food seems rushed and put together; but not here. 
The slices of brisket in my ramen was lean and non-fatty and the broth was absolutely delicious. Cheu does offer apps as well but you can feel up on the ramen alone; but if you must try an appetizer try the Garlic Wings or/and the Pizza Dumplings.
Back to the ramen! I added an soft boiled egg that perfectly complemented the noodles and a Spiked Juice w/ Rum to top it off. Although the noodle bar is pricey the tasty and satisfying dishes makes it worth the investmentMe and my girlfriend are considering making this our regular spot.
Pros.
The ramen is great! The wings everyone is talking about are so delicious. I'm hoping to try everything on the menu. 
It's cute no seriously the only way I can describe this noodle bar is cute its like if a bunch of american teens got together and opened a noodle shop cute. I like that I can also watched the chefs make the food if I am at the bar it makes the experience a bit more interactive, I know I'm reaching but it's honestly like watching the cooking channel and them handing the food to you when its done.  
The drinks are daring and cool looking, okay im not much of a drinker in fact I prefer for my drinks to taste like anything but alcohol but still they are great to look at. 
Cons.
It's a little tight. But in today's economy most new restaurants are and I'm here for that. So leave more good reviews and hopefully in enough time they get a bigger spot.
This is more of an unpopular request but maybe a sake lemonade or sangria for us sweet cocktail lovers or a sweet cider on the beer menu. 
It's a little pricey for ramen I say that only because I realize that I pay so much because I need an appetizer with it or I won't be full. I always leave wanting more food.I would have given this place 4 stars had it not been for 2 things that really bothered me. So background to how we came up to this place.  Came here with my boyfriend when we were in Philadelphia for a business trip. The place is small and cozy. When we got there, it was 9pm and had been walking around in 20degree weather, so we were down for something warm. Here is where half a star leaves the rating. The hostess did not look like she wanted anyone coming in. She had a little attitude when she told us to stand by the ramen wall. When seats were available, the hostess took her sweet time cleaning up despite people waiting to be seated.  I understand the place is a little cramped but it does not take 10mins to clean a table, especially if the table is literally 3x3. The waiter and waitress were wonderful and after we had ordered I was watching the chef cook.  The other half star for the following: The entire time the chef was cooking, she would pull her phone out and text. That's disgusting! She wasn't wearing gloves also. The chef is picking up up ingredients with her hands that she just used to text and puts them into the bowls they're serving! Now onto the food. My bf and both got the miso ramen with the spicy bean paste as an add on. The broth was good but after adding the spicy bean paste and mixing in the egg, it got creamy and even better.  If I was back in Philadelphia, I might consider coming back but probably if it was a last resort.Cheu has really come into its own. When I was last here half a year ago, I was less-than-impressed, but this time, the staff was friendlier and the ramen was close to perfect.
We came for a late lunch, minutes before they were supposed to close at 3pm. The waiter still good-naturedly accommodated us, providing fast and attentive service. 
The noodles were chewy, and whereas last time they were a little clumpy, this time, they were perfect. The broth was not too salty and somehow managed to be full flavored and (refreshingly) light at the same time. The meat was meltingly tender, though a little broken-up for my tastes, and the soft-cooked egg was perfect.
We also ordered a special grapefruit juice, whose tart flavor complimented the ramen and served nicely as a palate cleanser.
After eating ramen, I often fall into a sodium stupor and feel mildly ill for at least half a day, but after Cheu ramen, I felt pleasantly full. The attentive service and delicious ramen made for a much-improved experience.Cheu is awesome. The brisket matzo ball pho is unreal and the buns are phenomenal. Go here now.Amazing restaurant near the Jefferson school/Center City. Their dumplings are so good, as well as their cheeseburger buns. My favorite entree to get is the Coconut Curry noodles with the addition of Pork Belly. Oh my god I think I'm going to have to get some now!i love the decor, i love the vibe of this place!! but noodles..? eeeehhh 
here's what they seriously messed up on-- serving a bowl of noodles (to me) that's not piping steamy HOT!! and people might think "that is so trivial.." NO! b/c of this.. my bean sprouts did not cook.. keep in mind, my egg was also only half cooked.. the high temperature of the soup was supposed to complete the cooking when served.  #2, i gradually slowed down my slurping toward the 2nd half because it was getting cold and frankly, it just wasn't too appetizing anymore..  there were other things that bothered me too like how little soup they gave you lol.. but i'll stop here so i don't sound like a complete jerk.
so being #12 out of 50 on foobooz, i was holding a certain level of expectations..  i see lots of potential here and i did have a fun dining experience with my friend.. but i rather take my money else where.. 
on the plus side, i did enjoy the dumplings (braised ribs with eggplant)-- it's always a plus when i can taste what they say it is inside lolThis delicious ramen really warmed me up! I had the miso ramen and I loved the flavor profile of the broth. The noodles were tasty and the picked vegetables added a great contrast to the heartiness of the broth that kept the flavor balanced and not too savory. I also added on the black garlic wings because they were having a lunch special (add an app for $4). I was not a huge fan; even with lime juice sprinkled on the top, the fry on the wings was too heavy for me; I wonder if they were twice-fried? While I appreciated the crispiness, I would pass on these the next time around. I would add a caution that the restaurant is small and filled up for weekday lunch by about 12:15; they only have 4 2-person tables, 1 4-person table, and then the seats at the bar. However, this is a great place to come for a solid bowl of ramen, especially if it's cold outside.Ordered the coconut curry ramen and it was so delicious. The broth was extremely flavorful, and savory. Party in my mouth!On a cold night we found this gem in Philly and we had some of the best ramen ever. I love the Jewish fusion with ramen, it combines some of the best elements of cookings of two cultures together. I wish we had a restaurant like this in NC I sure would have been a regular.LOVE this place!!! The food & atmosphere are incredible. It's so Philly... if you are a local you have to try it out to see what I mean. Oh & make sure you order the Brussels sprouts as your app & the coconut curry ramen as your dish-- my personal faves! :)I grabbed some lunch with co-workers here and we were all very satisfied with the decision. The meal was absolutely delicious and service was pretty fast. My only complaint is that the portion size for the dumplings is a tad small. Other than that, I'll be visiting them again in no time. I recommend the Hand Torn with an egg. It's pretty incredible.Stopped in for the brisket ramen bowl and was not disappointed. Definitely practice your chopstick skills before stopping in. Great options and easy to make modifications. Small restaurant with limited seating so if you have a larger party beware.Ahhhhhh this place is so good! Yes, it's small and there's usually a wait. But it is so worth it. 
The noodles are never soggy or over cooked. The broth is flavorful. The ingredients are fresh. You get generous portions of meat. The menu is varied. The service is friendly. The food comes out quickly. I have no complaints except that I wish I lived closer!looking at the reviews you would think this place is exceptional. I walked in to a super tiny hipster restaurant with staff who don't smile.... and a very tiny menu with nothing special. this place is absolutely not even close to being authentic. Food was just okay. Next time i'm hitting up a real ramen place in Chinatown.Not sure why it's so popular.. the happy hour is not bad but all the female servers there were just so unpleasant..... went in for ramen another time and there were barely broth in the bowl and the ramen is def not worth the price... won't recommend going..Loved this place!! I miss this place already, and will def come back next time I am in Philadelphia. The ambiance is really cozy and the decor is very artsy.  The noodles are really flavorful and yummy.  I had the szechuan noodles, chili oil dumplings, and wings! They have a great selection of drinks and make juices too.I love ramen. I make my own ramen at home. No joke. Ramen is a staple in our lives. I was not a fan of the brisket ramen we got. The noodles were good. The kimchi as well. The brisket was tasty. But the broth. The broth. The broth is what makes a great ramen and it was overly smokey. It robbed all the other ingredients from shining thru.I came back here for another try after the thrillist list of the top ramen places in the US placed Cheu's Shortrib and Matza Ball Ramen near the top. 
We started with the Hawaiian Poke which came with small fresh cubes of tuna with mango and some sort of vinegarette. It was tasty and very refreshing.
So the ramen itself was pretty amazing. I ordered it with a soft boiled egg, which was prepared weird. I would've preferred the Japanese style, but it was like a poached egg or something. The broth was rich and hearty, the short rib cooked and seasoned to perfection, the veggies were nice, the noodles were a great consistency, but my only qualm was with the kim chi or pickled cabbage. It was bad kim chi, if that's what they were attempting. I would have preferred they that they didn't attempt it if it was going to be such a poor copy. It was just sour, the spices weren't right. I mean I guess they get some credit for their attempt, but the execution was poor.It was a very snowy cold day and hot soup was the cure. Heard a lot of buzz about this place since they're opening a 2nd restaurant in my neighborhood on E. Passyunk. I got the Braised Beef Noodle Soup that contained a Matzo ball, different touch that I liked. The broth was spicy and delicious, drank every drop. Wifey had the curry soup and she enjoyed it. Chicken wings won a award and deserved it. Crispy and flavorful. I would definitely return again.This was my first experience with Caviar's delivery service, who during what I thought was a busy time for Cheu (I walk by all the time, and it's always packed), delivered it in 22 minutes when the estimate was an hour. Crazy! The food wasn't bad, but I hope it's better when you eat in. One day I'll go back and eat in, but not any time soon.
I ordered the al pastor dumplings and the miso ramen.
Dumplings: You get five. They were a lot smaller than I imagined (like WAY smaller), but it's very interesting to basically put al pastor tacos (my favorite) into dumplings. They were really good, but way too small to be charging $6. 
Miso Ramen: They send the broth separate from the rest, wrapped in saran wrap to ensure no spills, which was cool. The noodles were a little stiff and stuck together, and there was hardly any meat. This is unacceptable for a whopping $14 (I've had a comparable bowl that was way better and had thrice as much meat as Cheu's for $9 in Chinatown). If this were $8, I would ignore the hard noodles stuck together in a ball and no meat, but for $5 more than the other guy who's better, Cheu is being held to a higher standard.
I expected more from Cheu after everything I heard about it. Even if they don't care about the quality of delivery orders and only put effort into eat in orders, this place is way too expensive for what you get. You could find better ramen for cheaper elsewhere.I think this place is the bees knees. Their food is inventive and wildly tasty, the atmosphere is super cool and casual. Cheu is a bright spot in the neighborhood and started to become my go-to though I haven't been back in a while. Last time I was in, I ordered a bowl of ramen and a Sapporo after a particularly long day at work. The purple-haired waitress dropped the bowl in front of me, I thanked her and then as I shoveled noodles into my face and tuned into a book, I heard her talking some shit about me to her coworker. As a tenured service industry employee, I completely get venting about work or even about customers who are jerks but since I was minding my own business and close enough to hear her rag on me, I was perplexed. Then, when another man came in, angling for my seat, the same server looked at my full beer and half full bowl and told him that I'd be leaving shortly which was glaringly inaccurate and made me feel super rushed. It is highly likely that this woman is a lovely human being and was just having a bad day but the random meanness hurt my feelings and made me a little gun shy about going back despite the killer food stuffs.This is my favorite ramen spot I've found to date. I'm a big ramen fan and I travel a lot for work so I'm always trying to scope out new ramen places in different cities. Cheu is the standard I use to compare all new spots against. The wait is rough but well worth it. We've usually put our name in, headed to a bar for a bit, then come back. While I've tried several of my friends' bowls, I can't help ordering the miso ramen every time. Their broth is really something special and the pork belly melts in  your mouth. Definitely a don't miss if you're a ramen fan in the Philly area.My initial excitement soon soured.  THERE WAS A HUGE ROACH IN MY FOOD!  How does one even handle that situation?  I just left because I was embarrassed for them. PATHETIC.This place was recommended by our Air BnB hostess. The food is delicious! My husband and I each ordered the lunch combo, which allows you to choose a snack/appetizer if you order a noodle bowl. The watermelon and feta salad was very tasty, and the yakisoba noodle bowl was a big hit with my husband. The servings are huge! I had my leftover corn noodles (with tomato and arugula) for dinner. Overall, great tasting, high quality food for a very reasonable price!This place was really good. I got the Greek sausage dish and it was an interesting blend of Japanese and Greek influences. Would highly recommend this dish.
Haven't been back to try others yet, but I will! 
Only down fall is its a very small menu.This place is so cool... I had the brisket and matzah ball ramen which had a flavorful broth and a little spice to it. Then I had the spiked juice of the day which was Asian pear and vodka... They pour healthy shots here so be prepared!Wow! My husband frequents Cheu on the regular and I finally made it there last night and am so happy that I did! From the vibe of the place to the service to the food, everything was awesome! I recommend checking out the Yakisoba noodles.This place is pretty expensive for a bowl of ramen but IT DELIVERED. I ordered the brisket ramen with the kimchi. I am not a huge kimchi fan but it was not overpowering and was a great addition to the ramen. These bowls are filling and I couldn't even finish mine. Fantastic on a cold day.Lied to, our wait time more than doubled. Had a child waiting as well. When I asked why it doubled the hostess ignored me, when asked again she said the manager would speak to me.
I've eaten here a few times, very aware of the long wait times but doubling from 20 to 45 mins is absurd especially with no explanation.
Food is awesome and worth the wait but not worth rude costumer service.
We did not stay. I hope some one addresses the inconsistencies and lack of customer serviceZThis Ramen will bring you back to life whether you're starving, hungover or just in the mood for trying out new dishes.
The place is small and there is limited seating so beat the lunch crowd by getting there a bit before noon.
The menu is comprised of an eclectic mix of flavors that confirms that fusion cuisine is nothing but brilliant goodness.
Try their staple Miso Ramen and you will be hooked on this place.Gross permutations of ramen. I would just go traditional with the ramen joint in China town. This is coming from someone who has been to ramen places in Tokyo and Fukuoka. I don't understand the hype about this place. 
Whatever you do, do not order the cold ramen. I tried it and it was absolutely awful.
Very disappointed.The dumpling of the day was chicken and watercress and not very good. We ordered two different noodle soups. The miso broth was pretty good though I didn't really like raw veggies in the soup. The other noodle soup we got (brisket) was terrible- no flavor at all.I had great expectations for this place and they did not disappoint! Everything we tried was so full of flavor.  The staff is just as amazing as the food... very attentive and concerned about your satisfaction. CANNOT WAIT TO GO BACK!!!Good flavors but WAY too salty and pricey. And the portion at the new Cheu Noodle at Wholefoods is ridiculous for the price.My roommate and I went last night after reading about it on Thrillist- we usually go to Nom Nom Ramen. We arrived around 8 and were surprised we had to wait 30 mins to be seated. We sat sat the bar which was awesome! We first ordered the dumplings (beef that night) and they were excellent. We added in more oil that was on the bar- game changer, it was so good! We then both got the brisket ramen, because it's what Thrillist told us to. It was a 7/10. The brisket had a huge layer of fat on top, which turned me off. There was also some sort of pickled cabbage or something that I could do without. The broth was awesome and the noodles were great. Overall, I would go back if I was around that neighborhood.Went to Cheu Noodle Bar for first time yesterday.  Was a decent place. I got the Crispy Sweet Potatoe Rangoon which was excellent! Also had the Miso Ramen which was decent.  The area is pretty small and there is no where to stand while you are waiting to be seated.Cheu is my favorite spot to get noodles in Center City! It is on the smaller side inside so at times I've had to wait for a table. Each time however it is worth the wait. Highlights at this place are the Miso Ramen and Brisket Ramen. The broths on both are so flavorful. This is the type of noodle place to play Blink 182 one day and Notorious BIG the next. They are really doing their own thing and I think that's what makes the place so unique. Plus they do serve alcohol. Reasonable price for great noodles!Here are the go-to's:
Dumplings
Kimchi Burrito
Yakisoba
All three of these had interesting bold flavors, that I would totally come back for.  As for the ramen, I give it a 3 star rating- I've had my fair share of mind blowing ramen (Ippudo NYC) and I don't think it stands up to it.... but I'd totally come back for the 3 items above as these were totally on point.Awesome beef ginger  dumplings awesome wings awesome broccoli with soy sauce peanuts and Vietnamese sausage awesome ramen and hand drawn noodle Soop great service every time can get tight (pretty much always is tight ) but music is on point juices and beer are spot as well ... Great spotI finally made it to Cheu last Sunday and couldn't be more pleased with my experience. Knowing it is a small place, Cheu was chosen off the "to eat" list because my boyfriend and I were both starving, but it was around 3pm. I thought it would be a good idea to go on an off time, and it was perfect. Everyone else was right- it is small. However, it is also so much cuter than I was expecting! The mural wall with bright colors and dangling Christmas lights gave a very endearing feel. We were so pleased to be offered bar seats too, so we could watch all the chefs in action.
After reading so much about the black garlic wings, I was bummed when my boyfriend begged to order the fries to start. However, this disappointment quickly faded to joy when I tasted the fries. They were perfectly cooked and covered in miso aoli with shredded tuna flakes on top. Sounds weird, tastes ridiculously good. 
We split the miso ramen bowl and the brisket with matzo ball. I loved that this place was unauthentic, especially since you are unapologetically warned of this fact on both the menu and the website. All you traditional ramen haters can go eat at your traditional places because I haven't had a noodle bowl this good anywhere else in Philly! I liked the miso broth better and the pickled veggies on top were divine. My advice: add a soft egg to anything you order! Yum! We slurped down every bit of both bowls, even with sweat on our brows. (If they have air conditioning here, it definitely wasn't on...).
The only negative I have heard prior that deterred me was that there weren't any hot noodle bowls that were vegetarian. However, there was definitely one on the menu, and the option to add tofu too. So maybe some things have changed, or maybe my roommate just wasn't reading the menu closely enough... who knows. The bottom line: Cheu, I love you.Spicy Tuna Tostada and Black Garlic Wings.... YUM!! Definitely the best items under Small Plates.
Pork Pizza Dumplings were alright since I tasted more dough than the meat inside.
Brisket Ramen tasted okay too. I had high expectations because Brisket and Ramen are both on my top 5 but the broth needed to be hotter and noodles tasted like Top Ramen.This place is worth the wait! The ever-changing dumplings dunked in chili oil are flawless. The chicken wings are also something I order nearly ever time I go. Get the hand-torn noodles or matza ball brisket soup! This is a place where I bring out of town guests- a small hole-in-the-wall cafe they wouldn't stumble upon themselves.Everything here is exceptional.  The only obstacle standing in the way of me giving Cheu 5 stars is their slightly hefty price tag.  A bowl of Ramen, no matter how exceptional it may be (and everything here IS) shouldn't cost upwards of $15.  That being said, it is absolutely worth every filthy cent.
Although truly everything is incredible, your order for 2-4 people should consist of:
1 pork belly bun
1 mushroom bun
special dumplings of the day
black garlic wings
sour broth- pork ramen with a pork belly and egg ad-on
Miso Ramen
Hand torn- with lamb's neck and an add-on egg
If you're an industry monkey like me, go on Mondays, they give an industry discount!  Great fellows doin' great food.  Beer selection could improve a little, but it's satisfactory overall.This tiny spot on 10th street is pretty cool and captures the noodle vibe well. Staff, ambience, music and everything else - great.
Black Garlic Wings w/ shishito peppers & herbs - this is how I fantasize wings to taste in my mind and lives up to all the raves. sharp asian spice profile with some lime tang, I have never tasted anything like it. A personal favorite, shishito peppers, are yummy to eat as well. I was a bit confused about if I should or should not eat it, but it tasted fabulous, so why not ?
Fish Ribs -w/ charred corn, tamarind & herbs - The corns were crunchy and fresh. Im a sucker for crispy fish skin however the fish aspect of this particular type of fish was entirely too overwhelming for me personally. So be prepared !
Thin egg noodles w/ egg, matzo balls & chile broth - The quality of the brisket is phenomenal and cooked to perfection. The broth is spicy and well seasoned w/ generous serving of noodles. Who knew a delicious matzo ball could compliment the whole dish so well. Also that matzo ball was no joke. Loved it. However, the spoon that comes with it is a tad awkward to eat out of. They need a different one thats more easier to eat with. 
Hand Torn noodle w/ lamb neck, pickled mustard greens & dates - This was my second favorite dish after the wings. The lamb melts in your mouth and its texture compliments the wide noodles perfectly. Lucious and a mouthfull that is bursting with complex flavors of spice, tang and sesame. The pickled mustard greens cuts the richness of the lamb perfectly. 
They also have a good list of beer and limited, but nice liquor list.I literally can not recommend this place enough. I came in skeptical about their 13 dollar ramen. (I have a general rule about spending over $10 on lunch.) But good lord. I went in at 1:15 and the living room sized restaurant was packed. There was one seat left at the end of the bar which is the main feature of the restaurant and the best seat in the house. It is incredible to watch the cooks and servers work together, I have never seen a team more in sync. And then there's the wonder twins. One is a cook and one is a server and the girl next to me thought she was going crazy. I have Kyle (the server wonder twin) as my server. He was great, very knowledgeable and fast. 
  Now to the food. Hot damn. This ramen. I got the miso ramen and it was perfect. The noodles were perfectly done and the ingredients melded perfectly. The broth wasn't too salty and had an excellent flavor with the brisket, cabbage and seaweed. 
Just overall a great experience.Cutest little noodle shop in the city. The food is cooked right in front of you. Its fresh and the staff are great! Got the dumplings (which the filling changes depending on the day), the Black Garlic wings (which are AMAZING). 
I havent even tried the noodles here, but I cant wait to be back so i can!!!We went on Easter. It was a beautiful day, and they had the entire front open. The service was great. Two lovely young ladies. It's a cute, small space. We got the Brussels sprouts, and the Brisket, and we loved it. We ended up sharing it because they've got big portions. The music was fantastic.I've dined in twice and got take-out once. BRISKET NOODLE (matzo ball, brisket, kimchi and sesame chili broth) GET THIS. It's SOOO good!! 
My noodle standard is pretty high and the noodles were cooked perfectly, not too much and not too little. Brisket is soft, tender and just DELICIOUS. Broth is also perfect. I also tried adding an extra egg for $1 which is a veryyy good addition. Just do it!! The portion is real nice too but there's also an option of adding an extra noodle for $2 that I might try next time to prolong my period of bliss. 
I've tried the award-winning black garlic wings as well but I didn't really understand the hype and what was soooo special about those wings, however. It was decent but not the best I've ever had. So 5 stars for the noodles and 3 stars for the wings! 
This place is pretty small so the wait can be a while since everyone wants to come eat here... but it's sooo worth the wait! My take-out experience wasn't as good as dining in; they still packed my noodles to make sure they didn't get soggy but something about it wasn't the same... Maybe the temperature of the broth, and the lack of chili pepper and the spicy/sriracha sauce they have there.It's hard not to pay attention to Cheu, not only are they a block away from home, if you like them on FaceBook, they tell you what they are serving for lunch, what they are serving for dinner everyday. The menu changes all the time, there are specials, there are events. You get a sense that the place is really happening. Especially the lunch post makes you look forward to dinner all day, it's a catch all. The fact that the place is still packed 4 months after its opening is a testament on how well the place is doing. 
I might have given an unfair review to Cheu last time, because they really just opened and haven't really gain a footing yet but what I like about Cheu is that they are continuously working on refining their dishes while trying to be consistent on service and quality. They have a liquor license now, which I'm sure makes everybody happy. The weaker dishes gave way to new innovative dishes. Portions seems to be slightly bigger and more satisfying. I find the willingness to please their clients impressive. 
I haven't tried all their new plates yet, since the menu change everyday, I have to time my visit but what I've had are pretty good. The fish ribs has become one of my all time favorite dish. Crispy skin with a slightly sweet tamarind glaze, while the skin is crispy the meat is not dry, it's perfectly cooked. Just take out the few bones and chomp down on the whole thing. My plate came with some awesome charred corn Elotes style, which I understand they are so good that they are now its own appetizers. 
I thought the scrapple was so good before but now they have added a mustard sauce with sweet cubes of melons. It does elevate the dish to another level. The mustard added some acidity and the melons added a great sweet contrast. Pig tails are nuggets of goodness, they reminded me of Chinese BBQ ribs except with smaller bones which makes them fun to nibble.
I thought the dumplings were ok, the stuffing changes everyday so some days you'll get better one than others. Since most people come in pairs, how about serving 4 instead of 3? I'm a little torn about the Jade noodles, I like the composition but I feel like it's missing a wedge of lime or a pinch of shredded red pickled ginger for dimension's sakes. 
Service is still impeccable. I'm very happy to have them in my neighborhood. I'm eager to come back for the beef tongue fried rice, cross my fingers that it comes back soon.I'm gonna have to disagree with most people including my Yelp friends (yikes!) and say that I really didn't care for this place. I came here with my boyfriend and a couple friends for dinner one night recently, and sadly we weren't impressed. I'm a big fan of Asian noodle soups, so I was really excited to try this place, too! 
I got the coconut curry noodle soup which sounded promising. The curry broth flavor was initially pretty good, but it was soon overpowered by the huge glob of peanut sauce they put in the bowl. In general, I like peanut sauce but I found the flavor combo really weird, and the peanut sauce was thick and jelly-like in texture, which I found gross. I ate about half of the soup and then gave up. My boyfriend and another friend ordered the brisket soup. Neither of them liked the dish again due to the "off" flavor. My other friend who ordered the hand torn soup did enjoy her meal, though. 
On to the drinks...I'm not a big fan of canned beer to begin with, but I figured I'd give a new one a try. They have several options, but I didn't find any standouts on the list. I  decided to go with the Brewers Art brown ale which I found to be super bitter. I wasn't excited about any of the other beer options, so I decided to stop there. One of my friends didn't like the beer she chose either.
Also, the place is quite small and only has a couple tables up front, so the four of us had to sit side by side at the bar. It was hard to have a conversation with the whole group because it was pretty loud in there. 
Overall, I was just disappointed because I've heard so many good things about Cheu. Given my experience, I probably won't be back. I will just have to stick to the more traditional Asian noodle soup places that I love!Awesome noodle bowls. Chicken wings and brussel sprouts were delicious too. Nice drink selection with good service. Only downfall is it is very tiny.Definitely a hit or miss kind of place. Because I live close by, I always take my friends here for a bit of Asian fusion instead of making the trek to Chinatown. I feel like half the menu items are amazingly delicious (such as the Fried Chicken Tantan) and the other half is very mediocre (Coconut Curry Noodles). Cheu has a modern Asian vibe with some cool artsy decor scattered throughout the small interior. It's always been crowded when I've gone, so expect to wait no matter what time you stop by. Here's a quick summary of my thoughts:
(+)
-Fried Chicken Tantan - unique, warm, soupy goodness
-Crispy Sweet Potato Rangoon - so good, you'll want to order more
-ambience
-noise level
-prices are pretty fair, considering the location
(-)
-some of the food like the Coconut Curry Noodles and the Brisket Ramen (unremarkable)
-service is sometimes harsh since it gets so crowded
-wait time
-crowded interior - you're going to be pretty close to all of the other dinersAmazing food, fun vibe, and very friendly staff!! I have loved coming here for a long time, but recently I have been even more impressed by them. I have several food allergies, and I found this place to be very allergy friendly! I am not sure if they are accommodating to all allergies, but they have a list prepared explaining which options are safe or not safe with certain food allergies, which I thought was very thoughtful :)This restaurant is small but have stylish set up. Looks decent and vigorous. I had a Sichuan spicy fat noodle. It's not authentic Chinese food but it was made with Sichuan chilly paste I can tell. It was very delicious. Good choice for a cheat meal. The ramen we had was also tasty, soup was legit. Great experience. Definitely come back next time in Philly!This place is amazing!!! Everyone must try the matzo ball with brisket noodle soup. The brisket is super tender, the meat just falls apart after you put it in your mouth. The slightly spicy soup seeps into the matzo ball giving it the most flavorful taste. Lastly, the noodles were perfectly cooked. It was al dente and not too soft like most Asian noodle soups. (It was so good I forgot to take a photo!) 
We also had the dumplings in chili oil - reminded me more of a ravioli than a Chinese dumpling, but I loved it! Wasn't too spicy and the dumpling skin was nice and chewy.
Another dish we had and of course, loved, was the pork belly rice bowl. It's a katsu so the pork belly is slightly breaded and fried. Oh my, the pork was sooooo tender. The sushi rice they used paired perfectly with the pork and the katsu sauce they used. I'm drooling just thinking about it. If you get this dish, I'd recommend adding some of the hot chili oil they give you on the table. Gives the dish a little bit of a kick.
I'm definitely going back to this place!This place is small and intimate, but overall I enjoyed it. I had the brisket ramen and it was really good. The brisket itself was pretty tender and flavorful. The broth was also full of flavor. I wasn't a big fan of the Matzo ball in the brisket ramen, just because it is rather large and overwhelming. It kind of tastes over the rest of the bowl. I preferred putting the Matzo ball on a side plate and eating some of it with my ramen. The ramen noodles itself was pretty good also but probably not my favorite. Overall, this is a good place for a quick Ramen fix!This place is pretty small. I got the brisket ramen. The brisket was tender and tasted pretty good. I did not enjoy the Matzo ball in the ramen. The broth was pretty good. It says the brisket ramen would be spicy, but it did not meet my expectations.Love Cheu.  Always tasty, service is great.  I work nearby and come here for lunch frequently.  The dumplings are great.Discovered this lovely little restaurant today. Went in for lunch during a super busy Valentine's Day weekend. We were able to get seated right away at the bar. Ordered pizza dumplings, brisket ramen, and coconut curry with fried chicken. Had to add a lot of the spicy oil to make it spicy enough to our liking but definitely left more than satisfied. Would love to come back again to try out other dishes.- TIP:  Their hand torn noodles are back -- available on Sundays with a different spin each week.  
- CON:  Just wish the hand torn were still available all the time.
- BOTTOM LINE:  I returned to Cheu after giving them a 3 star review a couple months ago. Since then, they've brought back a key menu item (hand torn noodles on Sundays) and the rest of their food & service was back up to the standards that made me love them in the first place.Was really looking forward to coming here, but just wasn't that impressed with the food.  It was okay, but I think there are much better options for ramen just a 10 minute walk away on Washington Ave.  The waitstaff were all very friendly, and the place has potential.A great place to get ramen in Philadelphia.  I have tried a bunch of ramen places in NYC and this is on par with them.  Tried the standard miso ramen and the broth was extremely flavorful and delicious.  The base is the key to good ramen and this places knows there stuff.
We had also started off with the dumplings in chili oil, the night we went featured a beef / pumpkin / squash combo that was delicious.  The pumpkin / squash cut the richness and was a perfect compliment as a filling.
Service was very good.  Staff was very friendly and attentive.  Venue was pretty small but there are plenty of bars in the area to visit while you wait.For apps I had the black garlic wings and cauliflower Rangoon's. Amazing flavor. My main dish was their brisket ramen, the beef was so tender. Definitely will go back again!One of my favorite places thus far. Traveled all the way from CT and can't wait to come back for noodles. Everyone was so friendly. Gluten free options as well as vegan!