Had lunch here today and really, really enjoyed it.  The miso ramen was my fave dish.  Hearty flavorful broth,  plenty of noodles, pickled corn yum!!  I don't usually eat the marinated egg in ramen, but this one was so perfectly cooked and creamy I dove right in and was not disappointed.   The pork belly buns were good too, just wished they had the moist almost stickyness I've come to expect.  But certainly not a deal breaker.  Service was quick, friendly and efficient with a touch of thoughtfulness.   Bathroom is pretty cool too.  Lol. If you're looking for a non traditional take on Asian this is your place.Great atmosphere and friendly staff.  Must eat rice cakes and beef kimchi bing!Love this place. Staff is so friendly and on point. The food is amazing. Get the pastrami and fried chicken buns!!My friend and I came here to try the new place. We got 2 apps to share.. the pork belly bun which had a nice flavored meat, but very little sauce. With the bun being thick, it seemed dry when you eat so if there was more sauce, it would have been great. We also got the green curry chicken wontons, which I would rate a 2. Definitely not a green curry taste I envisioned. The flavor was bland. I got the brisket ramen and my friend got the miso ramen... popular dishes on the menu... but it wasn't up to the mark. Is it different, Asian fusion.. yes. But the dishes can use more buildup of flavor. I love the idea of the menu, the ambience, the drinks were excellent, but me being a foodie, I expected a lot more. I'm hopeful this place will get better because the menu and ingredients are fresh but the flavor is not there yet.So I've never had ramen. Yes. I know. Sad but true. And I honestly feel kind of spoiled because Cheu Fishtown is nothing short of divine. 
Let me just note that the bathroom was very clean and very cool to look at. I went before I sat down so this was a terrific beginning to an outstanding evening. 
We started with delicious drinks made by bartender extraordinaire Mark who really made our evening from beginning to end. If you like a strong drink but hate how strong drinks taste, the Oomami is for you. Tasted like juice but definitely wasn't. 
Then we moved on to Beet Rangoon. Let me be clear. My husband is afraid of beets. Afraid. But after watching me dive into these crispy delights he decided to taste beets for the first time in almost half of a century. And he did was thoroughly pleased. The sweet and sour sauce really set it off, too. My husband had some Black Garlic Wings and made the bold statement that they are the best wings he's ever had. Hyperbolic or not, they're still pretty darn good. The cauliflower with dehydrated black beans and rehydrated raisins was also perfectly flavored. The pickled onions added a perfect touch. 
Now onto the Coconut Curry Ramen. I have to say, I was nervous. I also don't know how to use chopsticks so I got a fork and just went for it. The perfect amount of spice with hints of basil and coconut made me want to eat ramen for life. Husby had the Brisket Matzo Ball Ramen and practically licked the bowl clean. He said it wasn't the best brisket he's ever had but al the flavors together made the meal. 
If Cheu Fishtown were closer I would go daily. But since it's a solid 30 minute uber from us we will have to settle for only going every date night for forever.Excellent food, exceptional service, every item is delicious. Drinks are a must! Nice spot to celebrate!
5/5 would recommend.Great service, okay ramen. I had Cheu noodle bar at 10th st awhile back and I felt the same way... their pork buns were really tasty though! I love the dill that was added!! Yummm! However, I had the miso ramen with kimchi and it really didn't have that authentic Asian flavor. I highly recommend the kimchi should be sitting on the shelf for at least two days. As a person who eats kimchi everyday, I will tell you it will tastes so much better when it ferments a little longer than just immediately placing the jar in the fridge! Just a little tip :)As residents of Fishtown, we were stoked to hear that this Cheu outpost was being erected right down the street. Accordingly, you know we were darkening it's doors within a week of the grand opening. Overall, it was a fantastic experience, but it did seem like they were still working out a couple of the little kinks that come with opening a restaurant.
We visited at 6:30ish on a weeknight, and waited 15-20 mins for a table, but we were able to order drinks from the happy hour menu and enjoyed the time chatting in front of the beautifully restored building, which was originally a stable for police horses. Patrons of Bing Bing and the OG Cheu will recognize the group's eccentric interior design style. This location features grafitti-esque art and wallpaper that is actually a mosaic of ramen wrappers. Very cool space.
Once seated, we perused the characteristically offbeat, "fusiony" menu, and settled on the falafel steam buns, the green curry chicken wontons, the Chinese broccoli, and Bubbie Chow's Sliced Beef.
Everything was excellent (I highly recommend the brisket, which is served build-your-own-wrap, ssam style), but I did dock a star this visit, as it all seemed to fall just short of the perfection that we have come to expect as patrons of the group's other joints. No major issues at all, just a little under-seasoned here, a little overcooked there, not enough sauce or lettuce for our brisket wraps (though they did give us some more when we asked). As I said earlier, these super minor hiccups are probably just due to the place being brand new.
In closing, we're just excited to have this place in the neighborhood! We cant wait to go back, have another fantastic time, and bump it up to 5 stars. Welcome to Fishtown Cheu!came here on a Sunday afternoon for some ramen with friends and had a pleasant time. service was great. i got this mint coconut milk honey iced tea which was delicious. my friend ordered a bloody mary and didn't like it at all, kinda just tasted like ketchup and water.
the wings were OK.. .a little bit too salty and wish the wings were meatier and crispier.
my brisket matzo ball ramen was perfect as it always is. the mapo tofu ricecakes on the other hand... something is missing. i like my mapo tofu to have the traditional soft tofu, while this was more of a hard tofu which is okay cause i think it plays better with the consistency of the rice cakes but the flavor was just blah. it needs more spice and more flavor, it was kind of salty and acidic which i know Bing BIng loves playing around with but i'm not a big fan of that.
i have to say if you come here brisket ramen is probably the best dish on the menuThis place is AMAZING. Whether you dine in or take out, every items on their menu or specials is cooked to perfection. Highly recommend this place! Even if they tell you there's a wait, it's usually shorter than they say - and they will text you to come back. 
Side note is the staff is constantly telling me how cute my dog is when I walk by so that helps too. :)My new favorite restaurant and it just gets better with every visit. We had the miso and brisket ramen dishes. Each had its own perfect balance of flavors. Also, amazing service. No complaints.I love this place.I was in Fishtown on business, hungry and parked in the first space that I found. Turned out to be across the street from Cheu.  The building caught my eye first, old fire house that's well done. Interior is fantastic. 
So here's the tricky part. I'm an old guy in a suit in a very, very hip place. They were absolutely fantastic. Treated me like I was there a hundred times. Ah the food. Had and IPA draught which was the absolute perfect temperature. Sounds easy. Usually not. I was going to get ramen, the bowls around me looked wonderful. Instead got  distracted by the pastrami bing. It was perfect. I'll definitely be back for the ramen and....Decent Ramen in hip setting. Good noodles. The toppings were lackluster.
I ordered the Brisket Ramen. The dish overall seemed like a heavyhanded attempt to combine two perfectly legitimate styles of cooking into something that is less than the sum of its parts.
It's a bowl of ramen with pastrami-style brisket, a matzo ball thing, and kimchi.
The noodles were nice. The were springy and just chewy enough. I'd prefer them a bit more cooked through, but that's my preference.
The broth was very light and watery with salty notes. But it definitely wasn't spicy at all as the menu indicates. The broth lacked the unctuous viscosity provided by slowly broken down bone collagen. 
The toppings didnt really come together into a cohesive flavor profile. The brisket was well executed: flaky and tender. But it lacked flavor due to its dearth of fat. 
The matzo ball was just an odd thing to serve with noodle due to its floury origins. 
The kimchi was pretty good: earthy and funky as it should be. I just dont think kimchi should be mixed in with Ramen. The kimchi is too stringy and soft and gets confused on the palate and in the bowl with the noodles. 
I left thinking is was an OK bowl of ramen. The composition was odd and a couple elements, including the broth (so important) were lackluster in execution.Currently one of my favorite restaurants in the city, much like its sister Bing Bing, it serves great food along with great service with a self-deprecating whimsy, a flair for the dramatic, from someone who knows they are dead on in delivering amazing flavors.  They don't need to overhype the experience, it's really good and they revel in sharing that experience with you.  Great prices considering the quality, and the cocktail program is very solid (omg Beachin).  Wish it was bigger and next to my house!Stopped by here for a quick lunch the other day. I thoroughly love the atmosphere here for starters. I ordered the brisket ramen with the matzo ball. I have actually had it before via delivery. It was great! I love everything about it. I also had the duck rolls which were yummy as well. The prices for ramen are a bit high, I think ended up having a $30 LUNCH that day (sans alcohol) ...LOL!!! It's great food though and I'll definitely be back!Both locations are outstanding!!! This one is a little big but still has the same feel as the 10th street location. Never had a bad experience at either. Drinks, food, service always on point. Thank you for doing it right!!Cheu Fishtown is A+ from the second you walk in to the minute you leave-the staff was welcoming, attentive and helpful in all aspects (especially considering I asked the bartender for napkins at least 3 times because I was making a mess) I've been to the OG Cheu & Bing Bing in South Philly, but it was just the vibe and the excellent customer service here that really blew me away. 
Let's get to the food; YUM. 
BBQ Duck Rolls
Green Curry Chicken Wontons
Pastrami Pork Dumps 
Miso Ramen & Brisket Ramen 
It was all delicious and all had its own unique flavor. 
I can't for Round 2 to pig out again!!Almost walked by without realizing that it was the restaurant because it didn't have a sign outside, but it's a pretty cute place! We were seated right away, no wait. We ordered the black garlic wings and beef & Kimchi Bing to start. Both were on the saltier end, wasn't a huge fan. The garlic wings weren't crispy enough in my opinion and the Kimchi Bing tasted like a thick oily Korean scallion pancake. For entrees, we had the tuna poke & the brisket ramen which was delish! Portions are small though. The tuna poke was very simple and not like your usual poke bowl. The rice was warm with scallions and a hint of Wasabi flavor which is different, but the taste was perfect. The broth in the brisket ramen tasted very homey and not overwhelming like most beef soups tend to be. Texture of the ramen was exactly how I expected it to be, not soggy or too overcooked. The brisket was super tender & the kimchee paired so well with the broth! Wish it didn't come with matzo balls, wasn't too big of a fan. Absolutely recommend this dish. I also had the kurant cider draft beer, best cider I've had in a while! Dry, sweet & fruity if you're into that. Would have gotten a second one if they weren't closing so soon. Not to mention, the service from our bartender/server was pleasant and he made us feel very welcome. The ambiance of the place was very relaxing, perfect for a casual date night. I'd come back to try their coconut curry ramen and other draft beers!Great food, great ambiance (except for the darkness), great service. I gave four stars though because my food was very very salty. I got the coconut curry. It was really delicious but just so so salty. I felt sick afterwards even though I wanted to keep eating it because it was so delicious. The restaurant was also extremely dark. I could barely see the food I was eating much less the menu. This is becoming more common with restaurants, which is frustrating. I'd like to be able to see the food and the person I'm talking to.So excited to have Cheu in the neighborhood. We won't have to spend an extra $20 to get delivery now that we can walk to here. The food was outstanding. And the service amazing. Hopefully the stellar service will inspire some other nearby restaurants :) We tried half the menu and didn't have any duds. Went with our toddler and newborn, they had special training chopsticks for our daughter! We will be back...often!Stopped by here last week and it was very very good.
The pork belly buns were amazing, and so was the miso ramen.  My friend enjoyed the brisket ramen as well and I had a bite, but I think the miso was better.  The beers were cold & the frosted mugs are a nice touch.  
My only very minor issue was that if they are backed up and you have to wait that there is nowhere for you to be.  The bar is used to serve food and there is nowhere to stand and have a beer without being on top of someone eating.  You pretty much have to leave and wait for the hostess to call your phone.  
All in all though, it was amazing and I'll be back for sure.The food is pretty decent.  For a 'noodle bar' they really dont have many noodle dishes....
Overall the restaurant is too small.  The place is too crowded... no one ever goes here anymore.  Always a wait.
Too dark in the seating area.  Bar would be better with backs on the stools
The music... bad.  Sometimes good, but usually bad.  And tooo loud.  Hard to even talk to the bar tender.
Garlic wings are unique and good.  Corn is good
If you order a beer in a can, they should bring a glassAmazing. 5 stars well deserved. Reminds me of a mix between Bing Bing and Cheu Noodle on Walnut.During my recent visit in Philly, my friend and I stopped in for brunch to get our Cheu on.  When I was in grad school, Cheu in the Center City location was my go to place for my ramen or a pork bun fix.  I was excited to try this location in Fishtown.  The weather didn't call for ramen, but it did call for some dim sum and yes, it was as ever tasty as the ladder.  I would describe Fishtown Cheu as a hybrid of Center City Cheu and Bing Bing Dim Sum in South Philly.  You can find their signature ramen and dumplings in Fishtown that are staples from Center City Cheu and Bing Bing Dim Sum.  There were also new dishes we tried, such as the Miso Truffle Corn, which is an asian version of an elotes (spot on yummy).  A stand out in the dumpling category is the Green Curry Chicken Wontons, a unique take of a dumpling and green curry sauce, a must try if you are in the area.  Another favorite is the pastrami pork, gah, delicious!  We also had their signature dishes such as the pork belly bun and the wings. 
The restaurant is the largest out of the 3 establishments, which has an expansive bar and ample seating.  It has their signature decor, street art with an Asian vibe aesthetic. I must say, the bathroom is as clever as the one in Bing Bing Dim Sum.  I happen to love the whimsical sink and toilet. If you are visiting Philly for the weekend and you are in the Fishtown neighborhood, I would definitely recommend this place because it has both the ramen and dumplings you get to enjoy from Center City Cheu and Bing Bing Dim Sum.After months of walking past this place, we finally decided to give Cheu a run. The ambiance is very urban chic and energetic (aka your typical Fishtown hipster bar). However, it's a very casual and pretty relaxing spot.
Once seated, we ordered a round of drinks. The Imperial Purple caught my eye and decided to go with that. Wowee!! What a STRONG (but good) cocktail. But it was really cool watching the blue tequilla mix with the white vermouth. Since the bowls of ramen looked especially large, we opted for a small appetizer, and decided to go with the pork and shrimp shumai. $8 only gets you four bite-sized pieces, which in our case tasted slightly overcooked, but the smoked chili sauce on top was delicious. For ramen, we did both the miso and the brisket. The broths on both of them had a very rich, umami flavor. The pork in both ramen dishes was very tender and literally melted in your mouth. The ratio of noodles to broth was also perfect. 
Service was a little slow in terms of actually getting seated. We had a 7pm reservation and showed up right on the dot and were told it would be a few minutes before our table was ready, which normally would be understandable, but in the 15 minutes we waited, we overheard 2 other walk-ins ask how long of a wait it was for table get seated immediately. However, the food was great, and I'm excited to come back to try out the happy hour. I'd love to come in for another Imperial Purple.Very good! Quick service. Great happy hour which applies to the seating tables too. The beet rangoons are delicious and don't make me miss the crab. The miso ramen was delicious and something for 2 to share, but I want to try the bisket ramen next time. Pastrami bing is soooo good, a little unusual but flavors and texture on point. We need more hip asian spots in Fishtown so this is a great start!Loved this place! Really enjoy going to Bing Bing Dim Sum and they've done a great job here. Had spicy peanut string beans, black garlic wings and fried green tomatoes that were so good as appetizers and the brisket ramen and a special for entrees. Everything was delicious. Service was great drinks were great!Very disappointed. We tried 5 dishes only 1 was ok. 
Cold Peanut Noodle terrible idea and a terrible option for a vegetarian
Brisket Ramen such and awful smell and flavor ....just NO
Soy Bean Falafel Bun was ok
Watermelon salad- strange combination, as if it was just thrown on the plate.
Rangoon- not bad 
We asked the waiter about vegetarian options because there are items on the menu at Whole Foods that were not available there, he didn't know much about it because they " just opened". When we asked him about a vegetarian dish his response was I like pork belly buns. We should have walked out then. 
For a local restaurant we have been waiting over a year for Cheu to open and we're thoroughly disappointed  
This is a Pre-update... I'm going back to try the food again the added coconut curry ramen vegetarian/vegan.. #Thankful
Also I just have to say... after my negative post the owners reached out to me to inquire about the things I wasn't happy about.. They were very professional and nice... by far the best customer service I have received in a long time...I will definitely go back just because of that and give them another try!! Thank youSpecial Mazemen Ramen with BBQ pork was amazing! BBQ was so flavorful I could eat it solo. Noodles were perfect, tomatoes and dill were super fresh, and broth was delicious. Pastrami dumplings were good, reminded me of a Reuben sandwich, with really good dumpling skin. Beer menu was great, Sapporo and Allagash White on tap. Thai cheesecake desert was also surprisingly good. Love the decor in this place too, will definitely be coming back!Love this place! I've been equally impressed on both of my visits to this location. I think this is much better that the Cheu located in center city. Love the super artsy and detailed Asian-hipster decor. The staff is professional and service is excellent. The menu is an innovative and exciting twist on traditional Asian dishes. On this visit I ordered the beet and goat cheese rangoons and the coconut curry ramen... both amazing! My only complaint is that I wish they offered a protein option other than tofu for the noodle bowl. In addition, I would recommend  outdoor seating during the warmer months.Very disappointed. We tried 5 dishes only 1 was ok. 
Cold Peanut Noodle terrible idea and a terrible option for a vegetarian
Brisket Ramen such and awful smell and flavor ....just NO
Soy Bean Falafel Bun was ok
Watermelon salad- strange combination, as if it was just thrown on the plate.
Rangoon- not bad 
We asked the waiter about vegetarian options because there are items on the menu at Whole Foods that were not available there, he didn't know much about it because they " just opened". When we asked him about a vegetarian dish his response was I like pork belly buns. We should have walked out then. 
For a local restaurant we have been waiting over a year for Cheu to open and we're thoroughly disappointedCheu is extremely small, so make a reservation if you can. Their ramen is nothing fancy, and not too expensive either, which is good considering you can buy a brick of ramen at Giant for like a dollar. The pork in the ramen is seasoned impeccably and leaves you wanting more. Although the buns for their pork buns aren't homemade, they're still legit and include pickles as well as the pulled pork which gives you that sweet and tangy flavor.Ordered from them through caviar. Asked for half the noodles and they could just include more broth. Standard substitution, most restaurants will accommodate you especially when you pay $15 for SOUP. Nope not here, they charged me $5. Hate to give them one star because the ramen really IS good. But service is important also. Too many places forget that.I hate to be the negative nancy to point out that this is NOT how Asian food should be done. I have NEVER sent a plate back and this restaurant was the one to pop that cherry (I hated to do it, but I couldn't bear to pay for such a horrendous dish...)
Our table tried:
- beef & kimchi bing.. overly sauced and i had no idea what flavors to focus on..it also looked like a hot mess. i'm sorry, but my Korean mother would have cried had she tried this.
- pastrami pork dumpling.. nope nope nope..WHY?
- corn rangoon.. if you like ultra creamy this might be for you. i will say the rangoon skin was super crispy, which was a delight until you tasted the interesting creamy flavors within.
- watermelon & cucumber salad.. i will say this is the only one i thought that was pretty okay. the watermelon flavors worked well with the spices. overall refreshing.
- black garlic wings..OVER-SAUCED..over flavored. that sauce tang just continued forever.. if you like super flavored sauces, i guess you could enjoy this.
- miso ramen & brisket ramen..if you like watered down ramens..go for it. overall such a disappointment because we came to this joint for the ramen
- cold peanut noodles..vinegary? how? 
- wasabi rice cakes..this is the one i had to send back. our waiter raved over this dish, but it was SO horrendous that i couldn't bear to take a second bite. it straight up tasted like a wasabi bombed all over it. i LOVE rice cakes and after this abomination, my soul cried a little.I believe in honest reviews helping businesses so here goes. Place was cool looking however they completely missed on the pork miso ramen. Way too much seasoning including some black sweet drizzle on the pork which completely drowns out the taste of the miso or pork broth. Doesn't compare to authentic ramen where the broth noodles and ingredients are the stars. In this instance the saltiness and strange sweetness drowns out the taste. Got too cute with a classic 
Same goes for the wings. They where perfectly cooked however way too much of the same black sauce reduction.Went for lunch on opening day and sat at the bar. Split the pork belly buns and then had the pork miso ramen. Everything was delicious! Loved that tired hands was on draft, especially loved the beachin' cocktail. Can't wait to go back. Great addition to the neighborhood.Basically like Asian tapas. Get a few dishes to split because you're going to want to try everything. The line can get crazy long on weekends so get there early to put your name on the list then prepare to walk around. There is only a very small number of seats/tables. Food is awesome, just a bit overpriced.Yep, we had to wait a while for a table, but the crowd outside was fun, lively, good-natured, and the staff kept us posted.  Food - outstanding!   Have to wrap your head around brisket and matzo ball ramen, but, hey, adventures in dining are good -- and it tasted great.  The buns, the noodles, the poke - all fab.  Black garlic wings -- yummy.   The beer list has some familiar faces and some great new finds.  Wait staff are attentive, cheerful, know the menu inside-out.  The decor - totally cool.  Colorful, different styles, fun to look at.  Best bathroom in Fishtown, hands down.  Just wish it was closer to home but we'll get there again soon.  Loved loved loved it!1st time here. Awesome veg buns. Great brisket matzoh ball soup. Tired Hands. Everything was perfect - couldn't have been better.Amazing. I've been a few times since opening and everything has been on point, including the cocktails. Happy hour prices are great and beer selection is awesome. Great addition to the neighborhood.The pastrami dumplings are life changing. I will literally dream about them. The brisket ramen was also to die for, but very rich. Every food item was spot on.
I ordered the whiskey sour because the description sounded great, but was disappointed. It tasted like watered down whiskey. They have Hophands on tap, and that delicious beer was a great compliment to the meal. 
The food was so good that the sub-par cocktail doesn't change my opinion of the place.
Also the happy hour is a great deal, I will be going back to order pastrami dumplings OFTEN.This restaurant has such an awesome ambiance with cool decor, small intimate tables, and an authentic neighborhood feel. Coming here on a cold Saturday afternoon in Winter was perfect. The brisket ramen couldn't have hit the spot better: mix typical Jewish Foods with another cuisine and how can I resist? The ramen was hearty, the brisket super tender, and the matzo ball somehow didn't feel out of place. Wasn't hard to finish the whole dish yet still felt plenty full afterwards. 
Luckily we also happened to catch the beginning of weekend happy hour. The dumplings and especially the wings were solid additions given it was happy hour. Not sure if I would travel across town to eat here but it's an awesome spot to stop by when in the neighborhood for sure.I had the beef brisket ramen, and I wasnt impress. I had better ramen in terakawa.Still my fave place outside my own neighborhood.   Have gone back often since our first visit and never disappointed.  Menu changes enough to stay lively and fun, while they keep doing best what they do best.   Good sign that our fave servers are still there after many months; obviously a good place to work with good management.This place is over priced. Ramen should not be $14 for a normal sized bowl. I like fishtown and all but some of these joints need to get over themselves. $8 for pork buns seriously? Tarakawa in center city is available if you're looking for reasonably priced ramen.Do Not pass up the chance to experience this place!! The food is Spot On!! The Beverage selections are near perfect matches to the food. And the service is beyond explanation!! Friendly, informed, and On It!! 
Thanks for the great experience! Next time we're down visiting from Maine, we'll be back!Nice play to eat on a cold day.  I had the Miso Ramen which was good and flavorful.  I also had the apple, ginger, cranberry juice which was yummy!  The vibe inside is nice and I dig the decor.   My only complaint is that I was not told the special of the day.  Was only aware of it when the waiter mentioned it to the couple next to me.Best opening weekend service I've ever seen. Food was phenomenal. So happy to have this addition to the neighborhood and will definitely be coming back!Needs to have a vegetarian ramen other than the disgusting cold noodle option. This is FISHTOWN....lots of people live in fishtown that are vegetarian or vegan. Most of the restaurants in the area do a really good job of recognizing that. Cheu was a huge disappointment. Tired Hands was the best thing on the menuFantastic, nice people, cutting edge well though out food, taste the freshness. Killer vibe, great tunes and drinks. Definitely be backI really, really wanted to like this place, but was quite disappointed by my experience yesterday. There was nothing wrong per se: everything came out astonishingly fast and the service was top notch, but the food was mediocre. 
A little background: a few months ago I went to Bing Bing Dim Sum (their sister restaurant in Passyunk) and was absolutely blown away - easily in my top three favorite restaurants in Philly. I was so obsessed I googled more information about it and found this place. Now, Fishtown is quite a trek from where I live but I was determined to seek this place out because Bing Bing was just THAT good. 
We arrived at the tail end of happy hour and ordered four dishes, for $5 each: beef and kimchee dumplings, beet rangoon, black garlic wings, and the pastrami bing. I couldn't taste any kimchee in the dumplings and the beef was not seasoned well (they DID have a slight kick but no kimchee flavor detected at all). The dumpling skins were also kind of rubbery. Similarly for the rangoons, I could not taste any sort of beet, and the goat cheese was just too overwhelming. The accompanying sweet and sour sauce was, for lack of a better word, weird. 
The wings and pastrami bing were quite good, although I would probably not pay the regular menu price for either. The house red was Black Box, by the way. It's not that the food was pricey, but the taste/value for the price. 
I'm honestly a little sad, but maybe my expectations were too high? To be fair, we did not try any of the ramens which I think are more popular. I won't be coming back but might try out Cheu Noodle House (the third sister restaurant on 10th) sometime.Fan--f**king--tastic!!! The brisket ramen totally RULES. Delicious cocktails; wonderful service. Be there!I'm happy to have an Asian fusion noodle shop so close to home. This restaurant is epitome of Fishtown 2017. An amalgam of flavor and culture. Two ends of a spectrum embracing in culinary delight. I look forward to enjoying every dish on the menu.Having grown up with arguably the best concentration of ramen restaurants in Southern cali and eating it often since being a kid, I always like trying new ramen joints across the US. This one seemed promising. Good decor, friendly staff (minus the hostesses who were pretty robotic and unfriendly), the cauliflower appetizer was freakin' amazing and they were kind enough to give a beets salad free to try. The ramen though. I know their whole concept is non traditional ramen but it tasted pretty bad. The soup flavors didn't mix well at all, the ramen was overcooked and tasted more like spaghetti than ramen. I'm all for being experimental with ramen but they could really benefit from getting some actual trained Japanese ramen chefs to give some mentoring with ingredients and process. The restaurant has some great staff, feels great in regard to ambience and surely makes a lot of money. But sadly it can be so much more than its current appropriation of Japanese delicacy.Open less then a week and it was simply great . Ben and Shawn are the two best restauranteurs in Philadelphia. All the Cheu and Bing Bing classics and some new stuff. I tried all the new items and all I can say is wow!!! Make sure you have the Poke. The Bao and dumplings were crazy good. The place is hipster central in a great architectural artsy building. Smaller then I thought it would be . Had a 20 minute wait at 1:00 for lunch so.... Service was spot on with a charming beauty from Norleans waiting on us. It's a great addition to Fishtown.They put aioli on things that do not benefit from having mayonnaise put on them. This would be fine, but the menu does not warn you that an item that traditionally does not come with mayo, does at this restaurant. If you are going to eat here and feel the same way I do about mayo (potato salad, yes. pork bao, no.) make sure you ask when you order if a dish comes with aioli, otherwise you will wind up scraping copious amounts of it off of your food. 
I did not love the ramen. The broth was too sweet and muddled with other flavors. It reminded me nothing of the ramen shops I grew up loving. 
I will say this for Cheu, the people who work here are lovely. So lovely that I feel guilty about giving this place three stars. 
Overall this place seems to fall into the trap of interpreting "asian fusion" as "asian food with more sugar and mayonnaise." I'm sure there are people who really like this, as it lends itself towards a more American palate, but it is definitely not my jam.Fantastic setup and is even better than the 10th/Locust location! My wife and I moved to Fishtown, so this is one of he best new additions to the best area of Philly! Cheu will always be one of our favorite spots, great work team!I came here with my boyfriend on a Saturday afternoon and didn't realize it was happy hour! They have a great happy hour selection- $5 for selected small plates and good discount on beers/cocktails. Service was fast and friendly. The fried chicken bao buns were amazing. The ragoons were good but we didn't realize it was filled with beet. We are not fans of beets, but if you are then you would like them! The coconut curry was disappointing- the noodles were soft and good but there wasn't enough flavor/spice to it. I am a huge fan of curry and know what good curry consists of and this wasn't great. Overall, I would rate the place 7.5/10. I will be coming back again for happy hour!Vibes: casual hipster bar, reminiscent of Bing Bing Dim Sum in decor but with very dim, red lighting 
Tasting notes:
Mapo tofu rice cakes: lots of thick, salty, vinegar-y, chili-oil heavy brown sauce (hard to tell the color tbh because of the lighting), a lot more chewy rice cakes than firm cubes of tofu; scallions were refreshing; the sliced mushrooms hidden in the sauce picked up way more flavor than the rice cakes or tofu
Coconut curry ramen: wavy egg noodles that were soft with just a touch of chewiness; curry broth was light with a surprisingly creamy nuttiness from the peanut sambal, which wasn't really spicy; generous topping of basil made the broth fragrantI normally go with the brisket ramen whenever I go to any of the Cheus. The first time I went, I went with the more traditional ramen and it just wasn't as good as what you would typically expect with a Japanese ramen. Go with the more unique fusion noodles - that's where it's at. The flavor combination of the brisket with the kimchi is .
My friend tried to go to Cheu Fishtown a month after they opened when it was pouring rain and it still had over two hour wait! Luckily, I stopped by Cheu Fishtown one Sunday after brunch at nearby Suraya and got right in with a party of six. I guess it just depends...
They have a small, solid curated beer list. The photos attached to this review are of several appetizers we ordered bc second brunch why not? Everything was flavorful and easy to share. 
Cheu definitely has a cool feel to it, so it's no surprise that is so popular in this city.We stopped by during the Fishtown Festivale and got some spicy cold sesame noodles and were not disappointed. I find myself craving this place, so I'm updating my review to five stars for the lasting impression.I live right around the corner from this place and originally, I was not a fan. My first experience with this place was ordering it to-go. I thought the food was mediocre, and it didn't taste fresh. Because of this, I decided not to give it another try for months. One day, my fiancé dragged me in there and I was very surprised! This place is delicious! The ramen tastes so unique yet authentic, and the green beans were to die for. The space is a little small and even for a Sunday night it was a little crowded, but it is absolutely worth the wait. But DO NOT order take out from here - it is worth it to go in and eat the food fresh. I highly recommend their ramen - some of the best ramen I've had in the city! The bibimbap was good too but a little burned and a little too hot to enjoy at the restaurant.I had high hopes for this place, unfortunately it was a disappointment. The miso ramen was salty, every bite became more salty than the next. I also had the black garlic wings, it was nothing to write home about.Pork belly buns were delectable - nothing short of an explosion in your mouth. Pro tip...try two dishes from each sub section of the menu. A close second to the pork buns was the pastrami bing but the friend cauliflower - yassss honey. It felt like you were losing some lbs while consuming the definiton of a #snack. Some unexpected eye candy accompanied the experience. A tall, handsome goliath of a bartender by the name of Marc with a gentle flick of the wrist sensuously poured our house wine. Besides Marc being easy on the eyes, my cup spilleth over with joy from my fortuitous visit to Cheu. One suggestion for growth...include an additional dessert option. #gratefulI am so glad there is a noodle bar in fishtown now!
Cheu fishtown is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and the food is fantastic. The restaurant offers a lot of cool fusion dishes and everything that I tried was delicious. 
I definitely recommend checking Cheu Fishtown outGreat cocktails and drinks (often but not always a Tired Hands beer selection), truly awesome food (the rangoons are amazing and the coconut curry noodles are incredible), sincere and kind service, great music, and an overall awesome vibe. Love love love this place!!Everything about this place is fantastic. The food, service, and atmosphere. Happy hour specials were great too. Will be backThe last meal i had the pleasure of enjoying here was one of my best meals in Philly ever. Every item on the menu that I've tried is excellent. If you have 2+ meat-eaters, I highly recommend the bubbie chow sliced beef platter. The wings are beyond amazing. Great beers on tap. Fun mixed drinks. The waits can get a bit ridiculous so be prepared, but it's well within reason for the experience.Everything was great.  But what really put me over the top was the following; weekend happy hour, never heard of that!  Also the staff, I mean come on, the nice staff is from chik-fila and Nordstrom but clearly cheunoodlefishtown has them beat.  Lastly, the dessert, I mean come on!  It was sweet, tart, sour, creamy, fruity, crunchy.   
Get the chai tea cheesecake, you will not regret it!Relatively expensive, but really, really good.
I got the miso ramen with pork belly.
Someone had put a lot of thought into this dish. The broth was perfectly balanced (I often find ramen broth is too salty and lacks acid). The addition of pickled mustard green was genius, and the soft boiled egg was cooked to perfection. The noodles themselves had this chewy, silky, texture that is as good as any ramen I've had. The pork belly was fine, but it was ultimately just a really well-balanced dish that I recommend if you like slurping savory noodles.
The ambience was fine, and the service was great.The aesthetic and atmosphere is great. I really appreciate the detail put in the interior design. 
The food, while good, isn't my absolute favorite. The pork in the pork buns was delicious, but I didn't love the sauce that came with it. The ramen I got was good, but had some sort of greens (mustard greens?) that was really sour - wasn't to my taste.
I could come again but would probably order something else.Love this place! We get takeout or delivery through Caviar from Cheu multiple times a month. Everything is delicious, beet Rangoons are a must! You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Great hang out atmosphere. Food is cooked fresh and prepared in front of customers at the bar which is refreshing! The watermelon cucumber juice was so refreshing on a hot summer evening I drank two to stay hydrated!  I ordered the Brisket ramen with a matzah ball and it was plentiful. It was so delicious I wanted to order more but was too full. The brisket in the ramen was incredibly tender and full of flavor.  The black garlic wings were phenomenal. Such a unique flavor profile will come back just for those alone.  They were a perfect appetizer for three.  Happy hour prices are legit.  Great neighborhood spot!The food is pretty decent.  For a 'noodle bar' they really dont have many noodle dishes....
Overall the restaurant is too small.  The place is too crowded... no one ever goes here anymore.  Always a wait.
Too dark in the seating area.  Bar would be better with backs on the stools
The music... bad.  Sometimes good, but usually bad.  And tooo loud.  Hard to even talk to the bar tender.
Garlic wings are unique and good.  Corn is goodOrdered the miso ramen. It's was a decent but not that great, felt like the broth was lacking in taste. Was probably rushed and not slowed cooked. Service was over all good, friendly and helpful staff.We were late for a reservation and earned a friendly jab. Place is trendy and the food is excellent. Coconut Curry Ramen and the Beet Rangoon's are incredible. Only knock on the joint is the walls are covered in ramen noodle beef spice packets - we all know chicken is clearly the best.My boyfriend and I order out from here every Friday. The food is astounding and extremely consistent. Also even on their busiest nights it never takes more than 15 minutes for our food. HIGHLY recommend the beet rangoon! They're unbelievable. Staff is super friendly and accommodating and the space itself is beautiful.What a shame. I was excited about the the fusion that seemed to be happing with Jewish and Asian cuisine.  We got the wings and the brisket ramen and that was enough for me to not return. I am all about you cooking what you like to eat but it should taste good to your customers too. The meat in the ramen was absolute cardboard and the brother was bitter. The wings were ok but nothing to write mom about. $30 bucks down the drain. So disappointed.The ramen dishes are the best on the menu. Don't waste your time on the left side of the menu. My husband and I ordered the coconut curry ramen and brisket ramen. Both delicious.This was my first time having ramen and boyyyyy did it set the standard HIGH!!! I had the miso ramen which was AMAZINGG! I keep thinking about it how good it tastes!