Stopped in for brunch around 1230 on a weekday, and it was busy but not crowded. Positive experience from top to bottom- polite staff, timely service and food, excellent tasting meal and coffee. We ordered the scramble with home fries and the sausage gravy cornbread waffle, and thoroughly enjoyed both. Would recommend, will return.Definitely a hipster coffee joint, but casual, friendly, clean, and very comfortable.  Fantastic coffee selection, and expertly made pour-overs, French presses, and siphon style.  Also, SUPERB eats. Have only had breakfast so far, but food is exceptionally fresh and delicious with a wide variety.  I especially recommend the Brioche French toast with berries pressed in a waffle iron.Incredibly rude and aloof staff.  Super slow, inadequate service, even if the place is dead.  Food is okay, but overpriced for the simplicity of the menu. Worst of all, the place has TERRIBLE FENG SHUI, which is hilarious since Chhaya means 'shelter, a place of shady tranquility.'  This particular 'haven' is a cramped, stuffy hellacious hole of a place with an inhospitable staff that makes crass remarks about customers, which is a huge turn off.  All that aside, the coffee is pretty good, but I would definitely go to-go.We had a dilemma on a recent Saturday morning.  We had friends staying with us for a friend's wedding later that day.  We needed a fairly quick breakfast, but wanted something substantial (to make it through the day to cocktail hour) AND it had to be somewhere that was open prior to 1030 am.  Chhya fit the bill.
Unfortunately, we were one of three tables that were sat at the same time.  Because of this, our food took forever (especially since we were on a time crunch).  This is no fault of the cafe's... it was bad timing.  But I felt like I should note this in case you want to visit for a REALLY quick meal.
I ordered a dish that I had eaten here a while back-- an overeasy egg on toast covered with truffle oil dressed argula.  I could eat that meal every day!  Just to note- it isn't the largest dish, so I'd order a side of something else (I got potatoes, which were excellent).
Overall, Chhya is a really cute cafe that has good coffee and tasty food, AND it's in my neighborhood (always a plus).  I would recommend visiting with a party of four or less- this space is extremely small.Our favorite lunch place and we've been to pretty much every place of reputation in the city.  I almost hate to help spread the word, but it seems the secret is already out.
I'm not a coffee buff but the coffee I had was great and everyone seemed very happy with their offerings.
The food is fantastic and I have trouble choosing a single brunch option.  I highly recommend their waffle version of huevas rancheros - the corn based waffle is a great variation.  I can also recommend the crepes and pancakes.
Only word of warning is that the place is pretty small and so there is limited seating.  We try to go early (they get bonus points in my book for the early open).L'endroit hipster idéal pour un brunch ou un petit dej' dans le south philly. C'est cosy, chaleureux et comme dans beaucoup de cafés, les serveurs sont aux petits soins, et de très bon conseil. Si vous hésitez face au menu, surtout demandez quelles sont leurs recommandations.
Voici les miennes :
- Yogourt parfait. Muesli maison, fruits, yaourt bio. à se damner.
- Mocha. délicieux
- Gaufres (toutes leurs variations sont top)
- Jus d'orange pressé. Rien à dire
Les portions sont assez conséquentes, veillez à ne pas trop vous lâcher sur la commande !We stepped into this spot one Saturday afternoon for brunch.  It's small, informal and has great service with great food.  The food was so good that even the amount was generous, I couldn't stop at just having the French Toast Waffle, but instead added on a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich on multi-grain bread.  Of course, the now standard, La Columbe coffee was had on the side.  
The environment is relaxed, so it's a good place to head if you have a few hours and are out with friends who want to catch up.  I think we were there for two hours when we went - and they kept our coffees full and let us have a great time decompressing over good coffee and great food.
Highly recommendedGood food, good coffee.  I've had the huevos rancheros waffles - which are great - but the sausage gravy with cornbread waffle and "the kate" are where I think it's at.  May be a little pricey - but a damn tasty treat.The corn waffles with sausage gravy are just delish. Lots of chunks of sausage in the gravy as there should be, so many places skimp on actual sausage in a sausage gravy. Add a perfectly sunny side egg to it and its a damn good breakfast/brunch/any time meal. For coffee I tried their indian decoction which seems to be a specific method of slow drip brewing finished with steamed milk. The end result was kind of like a really airy frothy latte that had just a touch of sweetness. The quality of the coffee and food was excellent and I will be back.Small portions huge prices. Plates are too small most of our food ended up on the table. Wrap that shit up b.good pancakes.  bacon side not worth it...2 rashers for $3. place still worth it tho.lots of good drinksFood is good but overpriced. Coffee products are not good. When they make latte, milk is too hot and there is not creamy, silky foam.I love the staff and the food. Actually I've been going here since they opened their first location. The coffee cups often leak and the owner can be standoffish and rude. A different vibe than what one would expect from a neighborhood hotspot. A morning stop for a bagel and a coffee takes 20 minutes. Next time I'll take my $20 elsewhere.Great food, great service. One of my dining companions wanted her eggs cooked longer and not only was the request graciously received, the dish was comped. Fantastic coffee, waffles, eggs, and bagel sandwiches.Nice staff, mediocre overpriced food. 
For starters, the staff is nice and the service was very good. The server was quite accommodating and helpful. 
The food on the other hand was nothing to write home about. We had the chicken and waffles and the huevos rancheros waffle. Both were bland. The honey gravy that came with the chicken and waffle was nothing special. The chicken was over breaded and the waffle tasted no different than something you would get from the frozen section in the grocery store. 
To make things worse, the food was quite overpriced compared to the good food you can get in the vicinity.Cute and hip place but not much for the palette. The potatoes were really yummy but I was disappointed in the sandwiches.I enjoyed brunch here while visiting home. It's a pretty small place (which I like) with friendly service and a pretty good ambiance. I had the french toast waffle with eggs and turkey sausage. Also tried the savory waffle with sausage gravy. Everything was A+. 
They also have great green teaSuch a wonderful restaurant! We've had many dishes here - pancakes, waffles, omelettes, salads, soups and sandwiches. Everything is well-prepared and the staff is efficient and attentive. They have a serious coffee bar, which serves every style of coffee brewing imaginable, as well as a wide variety of teas.It's been nearly 2 years and I still giggle with excitement when we get to go to this place.  Since my last entry I've moved across the city, but I do try to still come here when I have time. Chhaya will always be the place I go when I'm craving excellent coffee (and some salivating bacon).Long time patron, have had some great expreciences & until the past few months some not great ones until my wife and I finally said ok enough, so I will write a review in hopes the owner will see this.  I won't bother with all my past bad experiences but since most of the same issues happening yet again today it should all pretty much be covered:
PROS: 
Love the new place, it's so open an yet cozy at the same time, love sitting in any seat so for ambiance, big win.
CONS: 
- Specials listed - no specials today.
- Wait on weekends - very long and wait staff not very friendly, they kind of approach you like yes, I'm standing at your table so obviously I am here to take your order.
- was in a few weeks ago & ordered the baguette & cheese plate, sorry, we ran out of bread, this was my Mom's 1st experience here so we then just decided to have coffee & went to get lunch down the street.
- They open at 7am, no scones or muffins daily until at LEAST 8:30am, it's gotten to the point where I now call ahead to ask if they are out yet b/c even on some weekdays I have been there as late at 9:30am and still no muffins or scones so why waste time going out of my way on the way to work just to be disappointed.  Finally I asked the waitress today (who pointed out she wasn't a server after my portion of our meal came out 10 mins after my wife's did) and she said the kitchen help doesn't get in until 6:30am so yeah, it's not going to be ready at 7am when we open, I asked her if they were ready yet she said no, I asked if she knew when & her response (without asking the kitchen) was, a while.  So imagine my surprise when half way through my bagel a big plate of muffins & scones comes out of the kitchen. ugh  The time was approx 8:45am.
- our bagels had zero flavor and they should have had cream cheese, avocado, bacon & tomato, I attached pics of the lack of cream cheese and the tomatoes were inedible, seriously wonder how they were even ok putting them on my sandwich.  We would have mentioned this to our server had she come over at any point and asked how our meal was, she was chatting up the customers at the counter though, maybe sit there next time, unless she is also eating, which she was when I tried to get her attn for more cream cheese.
- no check was brought so we go up to the counter to pay, I see the scones & ask about the flavors, she explains, I order a honey almond, it's my fav and here it is lunch time, I walk to my office cafeteria get a nice cup of coffee and get back to my desk to setlle in and guess what, it's NOT honey almond, it's some cinnamon something with either walnuts or pecans, both of which I do not like so... scone, in the trash.  very frustrated.
Thank you Chhaya for another bad experience.  You have finally gone and lost 2 looong time neighborhood patrons due to your staff's lack of attn to detail and the fact that you don't have breakfast pasties available until most of the working world is already at work so any chance of grabbing one in the morning with you coffee is pretty slim.  Is it too much to ask to have friendly prompt service & get a dang pastry with your coffee in the mornings anymore, that's literally all I expect.I would give this place 5 stars if the hostess want funny about the wait. The place is small and cute. They have a coffee bar the seats about 4 people, which is where we sat. Food was delicious and coffee was very good. When we first asked for a table she said there was a wait of about 15 min although there were tables open, I asked if we could be seated there and she said no because the kitchen would be very backed up with a full house of customers. I thought that was the point of being in business?? Anyways we walked next door to a gift shop, Occasionette, that was super cute and then she said we could be seated at the coffee bar. Food came out quick and hot. Overall I would definitely come back!Tried Chhaya this past Saturday for brunch.  As described by their blackboard "Chhaya" means "shadow" in Sanskrit, "life" in Hebrew and "teahouse" in Japanese.  (How this is three languages I am not certain.)  A small space, it felt cozy but also a bit cramped with closely spaced tables.  There was some pleasant pseudo-electronica playing in the background (I asked the waiter.  Zola Jesus anyone?)
On the blackboard there were lots of options for coffee and how you want it brewed.  Also some tea options and I ended up getting a pretty delicious chai latte ($3).  The brunch menu is pretty excellent.  They have options for quick meals (like yogurt, bagel, etc.) as well as sandwiches and their various waffle options as described by other Yelpers here.
We opted to try the waffles and both went with a special huevos rancheros waffle.  The waffle initially looked small and came on a plate that barely fit the waffle.  It was a tasty cornmeal waffle (fabulous idea) and included black beans, chorizo, hollandaise, avocado with a fried egg on top.  Admittedly it was pretty delicious and more filling than I originally thought it would be.
Did it taste good and was the meal well prepared?  Yes.  But, unfortunately, as far as my normal brunch parameters are concerned, I just don't think it was enough food to be worth the cost of $12.  After a night of even minimal drinking I would have liked a few side dishes for $12.  Also, the 2 servers were busting their humps, but were a bit "inefficient" as my ex-server girlfriend would put it.  Some elements of the meal including the check took awhile.  We weren't in a rush, but considering we were an arms length from the counter you'd think we might have gotten the check a little sooner.
Overall, a good experience, just a tad pricey in my eyes for me to give it a raving review.My husband and I ate there last week.  AMAZING food!  Everything was super fresh and tasty.  We both had breakfast sandwiches on a delicious whole grain bread and shared a waffle that was just perfect.  Coffee was just how we like it and service was great.  We would totally eat there again.This is my go to place for lattes. Coffee usually runs through me, but not here. Their menu is short, and simple, but the food is good. The cornbread waffle with sausage gravy is worth a try. Get the fried egg on top, don't be cheap. Good for small groups, nothing crazy.I've been to Chhaya twice now and both times really enjoyed the simplicity of their breakfast.  Smaller menu but the food is very nicely done.  Not oily, no extra fillers, just classic breakfast.  Their coffee selection is amazing.  This time I had a VERY smokey Guatemalan pour over which was so tasty.  Service and ambiance is a nice, peaceful way to start the day.since i am and will always be an eggs benedict fiend, i naturally went with that.  and after my first bite, i definitely had no regrets.  the eggs were poached perfectly and the yoke flowed out nicely.  YUM!  everything was fresh along with usual goodness of a nicely done hollandaise sauce and savory ham.  the waffles were bliss and still fluffy enough to easily give way to each bite.I love the new larger space (even though the flow is a little confusing & I'm never exactly sure where to go to get a seat) and the food is just as delicious as the former location. It takes a while to get served in the new location though, so put aside a little more time, people watch, & sip on your yummy coffee beverage while you wait.A must for South Philly folk. The owners of Chhaya are cute and friendly. They play a fantastic Pandora station and take the time to exchange in active conversation.  The coffee is the best in Philly.  They use Fair Trade, but filter heaps of the brew in a slow drip, French press combo. The food was absurdly good to come out of such a small kitchen, and for once, was just the right portion size.  I was full by the end of the meal, but didn't have to gorge myself to not feel wasteful.  They even sell soft t's that read "Friends don't let friends drink Starbucks". I only wish this fine establishment was closer to home.  Hopefully well deserving places like this catch on in Philly and expand to more neighborhoods.This is my all-time favorite place to have tea, sit with friends, and do work. I absolutely love this establishment and it is near and dear to my heart. The people that work at Chhaya are always friendly and welcoming. The London Fog is one of the most comforting beverages that I have had in the city. I would rather bike 15 minutes in the rain to Chhaya than settle for one of the many coffee shops that Rittenhouse has to offer.Excellent meal, the best we have eaten all weekend while visiting Philly. A great variety of tastes and favors. I highly recommend this wonderful restaurant.It was delicious! I got the nutella waffle with strawberries and the honduras coffee. The coffee was out of this world. The waffle, however, was quite small especially when compared to Green Eggs Cafe or Sabrina's portions.I went to Chhaya Café at Brunch time on Easter day. The place has outside seating and a bunch of tables inside. The place feels small but is pretty cozy. The staff was nice and welcoming. I ordered 2 bagels with cream cheese, tomatoes, bacon, avocado and added a fired egg and it was just REALLY good. I also ordered the "bread" basket which I was really excited about but ended up being a little disappointing. I do not think the bread was made on the same day and it ended up being hard to chew. The basket also came with a muffin and a scone which were tasty but nothing really over the top. I liked the jam that came with the basket. 
While waiting for my order (which came pretty quickly) I saw MANY plates passing me by and I Really want to try some of them as they really looked delicious. Looking forward to my next visit at Chhaya Café.Post Phillies 5k run Katrina C. and I decided on Chhaya for brunch.  It was a great idea!  I had the cornbread waffle with sausage gravy, an egg, and potatoes.  It was delicious.  The coffee was awesome.  I'm not a huge coffee drinker, but I had a couple cups because it was so good.  We also shared a stuffed french toast waffle, which was amazing, but I would never be able to eat the whole thing, a couple of bites was perfect.  The smoked turkey panini got rave reviews, as did the bagel with cream cheese, avocado, and tomato.  Started to get crowded around 12.  I only wish I lived closer, but Chhaya definitely rivals some of Philly's better known brunch spots.  Prices are super reasonable too, more like diner prices.At first when we ordered our food took a while to come and we were wondering what happened. We noticed our waitress kind of scrambling around confused and we were then informed that someone who ordered very similar orders to us had claimed our food by mistake so our order was gone.
Most people would probably start melting down harder than fukushima at this point since we'd been there for a while with no food but the staff was very apologetic about what happened so it was no big deal. They even comped our entire brunch plus any more coffee or juice we wanted while we waited. The coffee at Chhaya is also awesome with the variety and different brew styles to choose from.
I love this place!!!!!Let me just begin by saying that I am quite frankly addicted to the pancakes here. I've had them plain, with chocolate chips, with and without butter and/or syrup (they charge $2 for real maple syrup - but it's worth it!). Hands down, the most buttery, fluffy, flavorful, and delicious pancakes. The bacon - also top notch, seems to be oven baked and always perfectly crispy, and therefore always ordered.... 
I've eaten here 5 times and done takeout way more than I'll ever admit. Of the times that just me and my plus 1 have dined, things have been good. Typically our server, whose name I believe is Giovanna (I'm sorry if I've butchered your name) has been great and we've always gotten our order promptly and correct. Now, on one occasion, we took our infant son, in his infant car seat, and things went fine. Let's just say that when the group is 4 adults and one infant, your meal will come out in shifts and the space is not so accommodating (this might warrant a 4.5 star rating, but I'm feeling generous). If the food weren't so good, and our usual server weren't so pleasant and helpful, it probably would've been lower.
But, given that I just had their pancakes AGAIN (just now, hush), I will likely be returning for several more servings.Delicious but a bit on the  expensive side, brunch for two came to about $50 with no alcohol.
I came to Chhaya on a saturday afternoon in early July the day after a hellish move, the heat on the walk over was stifiling but it was nice and cool in the cafe.
Waitstaff was friendly and knowledgeble about the restaurants offerings. Iced coffee was great.  Food was delicious my girlfriend and I both had huevos rancheros waffles which were corn bread waffles covered in chorizo, black beans, avocado, and a fried egg. We also had deliicious iced coffee. To end the meal we had a regular waffle with strawberries and nutella which was quite good.
Overall I really enjoyed my brunch but in the future would consider this more of a coffee and breakfast place I would come to when I am not starving.It's yummy. Small and dingy but nutella waffles we very tasty.I went to Chhaya for the first time this weekend and it was great!  The air conditioning was pumping, the food was delicious and the coffee was awesome.  The waitress was sweet, even though a cranky older woman was yelling at her about tea bags.  I will definitely return and try other things.  (We got the sausage gravy waffle and the bagel with cream cheese, bacon, avocado and tomato.)I'm so glad this place is here.   I've been there twice for brunch, and once ordered a wrap to go.  The staff are friendly and helpful, and all of the food has been very fresh.  I've had both the sweet and savory (chili) waffles, a turkey wrap (avocado and ?) and some great hot drinks - cider and hot cocoa.This place is a total disappointment, was a lovely gem before the expansion. Waitress was terrible, food took nearly an hour to come out. We ordered soup as an app, and it took 40 minutes to come out. When I asked about the status 'so is that soup coming out?' Her response 'it should...' And walked away. You walk into the kitchen and pour a bowl of soup, that's how it works.
She also had a random 'open food' charge on our bill, and when we asked what it was, she actually explained what the term open food meant. 
And the food really just wasn't great by any means. Miss the old Chhaya!The boyfriend and I decided to try Chhaya on an icy Saturday morning when our original plans were cancelled.  This was the most amazing pinch-hit pretty much ever.  We arrived on the early side, and sat at a cozy table towards the back.  
The one thing I can say is that as this place gets 'found out', they're going to need some more tables, and they have plenty of space to accommodate them!  We ordered coffee which had an assortment of roasts and blends and styles (french press?  pour over?)  It reminded me of being at a Seattle coffee shop.  The coffee tasted just as amazing too.  My Mexico ___ roast was robust and aromatic and delicious; a great foundation for things to come.  I also appreciated that in addition to giving us a glass of water, we had a bottle to refill our glasses.  As a camel, waking up in the morning leaves me very thirsty.  Give me only coffee, and you'll have a problem on your hands for the balance of the day.  This allowed me to properly 'wake up' which is a luxury you don't see often enough around the city.  
Then comes food- I went for the special cornbread waffle huevos rancheros with vegetarian chorizo standing in for the real thing.  It was so delicious that its now Tuesday and I'm still thinking about it regularly.  The cornbread waffle was amazing, and a great foundation to the firm and well cooked pieces of veggie chorizo, black beans, ripe fresh avocado (Which for the record is NEAR IMPOSSIBLE to find in the city this time of year), a perfectly poached egg, etc.  I couldn't finish it... which somehow felt like a defeat.  My boyfriend got the spinach, mushroom and goat cheese omelette which he savored too.  He was able to clean-house, and even came to help me out towards the end.  Everything was perfection.  The arrival of the bill was a reminder that this place IS on the pricier side, but totally worth it for an upscale delicious brunch experience.
Two things that would take this place to the next level: 
1) Bottomless coffee.  I get the fancy coffee thing, and I appreciate it- i do, but I'd love to just come and guzzle some joe and not worry about it.
2) BIGGER PLATES!  My food took up my whole plate... which is what dreams are made of quite frankly, but then comes practicality.  Every time i tried to cut into my food, it fell into the table... or the floor... or onto me... I could have used some workspace.  That being said, the plates ARE beautiful.
I can't wait to check this place out again.Delicious! Came for brunch. The fresh-squeezed orange juice was excellent, and I had a special--pumpkin waffles with maple syrup, pecans, and cinnamon whipped cream. My wife had a savory waffle that was also delicious. Will definitely be back.Chhaya is quickly becoming one of my favorite brunch places in the city.  
My boyfriend and I pick a new place to go for brunch every Saturday.  A few weeks ago, we decided to go to Chhaya because I had been there about a year ago with a few friends and loved the food.  We've been there every week since. Sometimes I wish they had more seating available, but the only thing they really need is a comfortable place to sit when there is a long wait for a table. 
The coffee is always amazing (even if you're not a coffee drinker), the food is all fresh and delicious, and the service is good.  I can't even find the words to describe how awesome this place is.  The food can seem expensive, but you definitely get what you pay for in quality, and you won't leave hungry.  I wanted to keep this place my own little secret, but I definitely want them to get the recognition they deserve.My husband and I had a terrible experience that ended with no food. After we order basics items (grilled ham and cheese and eggs with coffee) We waited for 5 minutes for our coffee and another 50 minutes for the food. I asked our server how much longer it would be as we had to get back to work and was told five more minutes. Another 10 minutes later we were informed that our order was "eaten" by their computer and they could make our meals real fast. We declined and would not recommend this place.I'm from L.A. and love experiencing new havens and cultures across the country through food.  I Yelp'd this place on a layover and went there as I was impressed by the reviews.  
Unfortunately, three things didn't make my visit worthwhile:  1. the location; 2. the service; and 3. the food.  The coffee was good.
Not worth the hype.  The food was a poor attempt at fancying up good wholesome dishes, by presenting small portions on even smaller plates.  
And what's with the chemistry-like coffee decanters?  Coffee is coffee.  There's not much more you can do to it than serve it boiled, steeped, or pressurized.  
Instead of reinventing Chhaya should concentrate on presenting simpler well-made standards in larger portions on larger plates.  The fancy coffee drips and japanese-like portions really don't work here.
Also the flies continuously landing on our food didn't help.  : (This place is really quaint and cozy! I wouldn't go there to grab a quick cuppa, but a friend and I went for a nice sit-down lunch and latte and it was delicious and extremely well presented. Great cafe and really awesome waffles, paninis, and unique brunch menu!Great breakfast / brunch place for the weekend. Nice vibe and decor. Someone wrote earlier that the plates were a bit small, yea... Food fits perfectly on the plate, not much extra space. Good selection of coffee that you can have brewed overhead, French press, or siphon! 
Chocolate chip waffles are really good! A little too much whip cream on top but can easily be adjusted to however much you want! Girlfriend had the latte which was also a solid choice. She had the egg sandwich with avocado. Bacon on it was perfect. 
Will consider returning!!What do you do when you have a rare holiday Monday off from work? You go out for breakfast. And what do you do when your favorite breakfast spot isn't open on Mondays? You consult Yelp, make a few calls and quickly change plans for an alternate location. Due to the holiday, the first few calls Vinny P. and I put in to local eateries were met with answering machines until I got a lovely lady at Chhaya who told me that they were open and serving breakfast.
Parking is free on EPX until 10:00am so if you're an early riser, coming here is a no brainer as parking is plentiful. We sat down, chat for a few minutes and were met by a sweet server who took our coffee order...two 16 oz. single origin guatamalan pour overs. Sounds douchey I know, but it was delicious and reasonably priced at $4 for 16 oz. You don't find many places that offer two sizes for the pour over and in my opinion when it comes to coffee more is always better. I knew what I wanted before I even got there based solely off a single instagram post from one of Philadelphia's lady chefs. Vinny ordered a tofu scramble that he said was delicious, my order was a straight shot to the truffle egg on toast; really REALLY good. What I was presented with was a thick slice of toast topped with a little bit of cheddar cheese, a lemony dressed arugula mix, topped with a perfectly fried egg that added that wonderful silkiness through the plate. At $6 this is a breakfast I could get down with often.
The space is minimally decorated, stark almost, but for a coffee shop where some seemed to be working from, maybe this is intentional to keep from being a distraction. It was relatively quiet for a Monday, but that could be because not everyone had the day off and even if they did they decided to stay in. I'm glad we decided to go out for a catch up session, it was long overdue and gave us a chance to try someplace we had never been. I'll definitely be back for another East Passyunk breakfast!When I met a friend for lunch at the airy Chhaya Café today, I was pleased to eat a delicious burger and drink the sturdy coffee, but my friend and I were disappointed by the indifferent service. We were served food and coffee promptly, but then we were on our own. Servers, including the one assigned to our table and the one behind the counter, were so busy talking on their cell phones that it was tough to get their attention. Chhaya servers need to hang up their cell phones and wait on customers. They should focus on food quality and beverage refills, not personal business. My dining partner and I skipped dessert at Chhaya Cafe and went to another place on Passyunk Avenue, where we knew, from past experience, that the dessert would be excellent and so would the service. We were not disappointed.Liked it way better before, now it's stuffy pretentious and weird. I guess the tree of the new Passyunk. Oh and my coffee wasn't goodOh man this place is number one bro
The food and coffee is very excellence 
The service is unbelievable I try one time with my wife this place unspeakable 
Please try some food and nice cup of coffee. I'll be back soonI had a few good experiences here.
The truffle egg toast with arugula is always good. The drinks are good. I always get the elixir with my tea which is lemon and other healthy things in it. But the french fries are undercooked and horrible. I see this place more of as a coffee shop that I would get drinks at.Awesome breakfast here last weekend with the boyfriend. Cute place, with great service. I had cinnamon waffles and he had the french toast waffle. Both were great, although his was a little bit tough (which is probably not surprising, considered it's coated in french toast). Also awesome selection of coffee with a variety of options for variety and pour style.The coffee drinks here are really pretty and BIG.   I am always a fan of big coffee.  I got the mocha and it was a giant portion with pretty designs on the foam.  Always a nice touch.  It was flavorful without being overly sweet.
I ordered the cornbread waffle covered in veggie chili, cheddar, and a fried egg.  What a delicious vegetarian combo!  The egg was fried perfectly and the portion was very filling.  I asked for a side of salsa and the waitress didn't seem happy about that.  She also didn't seem happy about the side of black beans that my friend ordered with his tacos.  In fact, she seemed to be speaking to everyone in the restaurant with thinly veiled hostility that was masquerading as friendliness.  Not sure what the issue was.
The space is cute and cozy and I enjoyed their playlist of mostly James Brown music.It's a small restaurant which was a life saver when I was getting hypoglycemic because Honey's and Sabrina's had lines out the door. 
The inside was cozy and the staff was warm and welcoming. The latte was perfect. 
Kate sandwich- tasty, bread was amazing.
Veggie Chili and corn bread waffles- WOW!
Truffle oil toast- unique, fresh and delicious.They make their own chai- I ask for it strong so you get a little more flavor. Food is always fantastic. Packed on the weekends for brunch.  Great coffee with multiple ways to have it brewed! Muffins are mediocre as sometimes they sit out on the counter unwrapped and get dry (I am GF now so I can't have them but I remember them well). Waffles are amazing (I miss them!!!)I had brunch here with three friends on Friday after wanting to come here for a long time. With all the amazing brunch options in Philly, I don't think that it will make the regular rotation, although I am glad we went. 
First off, the decor and interior is very disjointed. I like the Edison bulb thing, but the tables seem randomly placed, the large chairs in the windows were strange and unfitting, and the tile floor made things loud. We were seated immediately and brought menus. However, we then waited for over 10 minutes before someone came back to get our coffee order, and even longer to order food. Our actual waitress was extremely smiley and seemed very attentive when she was at our table, but it was rare that she stopped by, and we had to flag her down when we needed her. 
After reading recommendations, I ordered the sausage gravy cornbread waffle, and split that and a tofu scramble with my boyfriend. They were both good, but nothing amazing. The waffle was lacking in flavor, and while the spices were right on the scramble, it was made with a soft silken tofu instead of a more firm one, which made for a strange consistency. My friend ordered the breakfast sandwich, and it was about the size of a small fist - I think he could have eaten it in four bites. I know some places in Philly boast massive brunch portions, and while I like to think I'm a moderate eater, I think all the dishes here are a bit too small. 
Our waitress outright offered to split the bill (which is honestly very rare), but service was definitely overall too slow. It's a decent spot if you're in the area, and it has lots of potential!Looks like trouble for my commitment to not purchasing food and/or beverages that I could make myself when within eyeshot of my apartment.
Despite months of resistance, this morning I was forced to make an emergency run to Chhaya.  And boy do I feel silly for having waited this long.  Chhaya is adorable with an enormous capital "A" - the decor of the teensy little cafe embodies shabby sheek and absolutely oozes coziness.  I felt unbelievably at home just standing by the register - even though my home most definitely doesnt look like that.  And most importantly, the variety of espresso I ordered was rich, smokey, and artfully prepared - a delight!
While this time around I stuck with to-go, the menu sounded so perfectly "brunchy" and the food others were enjoying looked so tasty that I will most definitely be back.  Even though I'll have to be constantly reminded of the eggs I have sitting in my fridge across the street.Such a quaint & lovely cafe. The elixir tea and French toast waffles are amazing. The ambience is nice and is a cute place for a brunch date or even to read a book. I love a seat by the windowI always knew about Chhaya, but it took a while for me to actually try this place. Both the outside and inside have nice welcoming feel. I like the interior space because it is not cramped like other places and I feel you can actually have a conversation without having to hear other people's conversation (and vice versa). Instead of just ordering something from the coffee counter my friend and I decided to get a table. The waitress was not the bubbly friendly type, but that's okay by me. She was helpful, efficient, and did her job very well so I'd rather have that than overly friendly person. 
I ordered truffled egg toast and lavender latte. I wasn't too sure about the use of truffle oil because I feel it's been overused in many instances to make the dish sound and look fancy. However, I absolutely loved the flavour of this toast! It's always a treat when you can taste different components of the dish. You can taste the perfectly cooked over easy egg, meatiness of sliced mushrooms, subtle flavour of chives, garlic, lemon, and truffle oil, cheese, and arugula! My friend and I agreed it's one of the best breakfast we have had. Lavender latte was smooth and just a hint of lavender. Eggs any style was good also; I particularly liked their home fries (had both the crunchiness and softness with good seasoning). 
It's nice that Chhaya can cater to all people by offering meat, and also vegetarian and vegan friendly menu. You can also spend as little as few dollars to $13 for an entree per person. Their coffee and tea selections are unique and wonderful too! As I wrote, I enjoyed my lavender latte; my friend got Blue Lady tea, which is a blend of lavender and grapefruit. I am looking forward to trying out other food and drink from Chhaya!Delicious! Went for brunch on a Sunday and the wait wasn't long (just 15 mins, would have been none if we didn't hold out for outdoors) for a 2 person party. The food is exceptional, and the servings are smaller than most places but they match this with a lower price tag for each dish. I appreciated not having leftovers since brunch food doesn't usually keep well!Favorite coffee stop when passing through Passyunk.
Great vibe, outdoor seating and caffeinated options from cold brew to chemex.Chhaya is the perfect place for a low key brunch and a great place to sit and do your work. The atmosphere is great, and I loved the music. Their fair trade coffee is one of my favorites in Philly, and you can get it brewed several ways, French pressed is a popular one. I ordered the strawberry Nutella waffle, and it was delicious (of course anything with Nutella is!!) I will definitely visit this place again!Professional Coffee shop/perfect for snacks or lunch. It can get loud, but it won't bother you because of the coffee smells, good food, and interior. I wish they had background music though. Their prices are amazingly low compare to what you get in front of you. Highly recommended!It's a nice little place for breakfast. No standouts for me but a few of my friends likes the waffles and sausage gravy dish (?). I felt hungry after eating my meal which was waffles with fruit. I would probably go back if I am around the area but not make plans to go.We went in for lunch and spent $24 (plus tip!) on two cups of coffee, a tiny egg and tofu scramble, and an anemic egg and cheese sandwich.  Both also came with a teeny salad.  We are not big eaters at all, but really?  The food was also very unremarkable.  Also, there were specials available until 2 PM.  We were in at 2:10 and they wouldn't make them for us.  Finally, just try to flag down the inattentive service for your check...  (An observation:  The coffee on the bill was $3.00 for a pretty small mug.  It said BRUNCH on the receipt next to the coffee price.  Hmmm - is it more or less at other times of the day?)I loved this place! Such a quaint and welcoming environment! The food was amaZinggg! Guatemala Iced coffee, Nutella and strawberry waffle anddd the huevo ranchero was delish! Def going back :)!The food, coffee, and decor make this place a must try while wondering down east passyunk ave. 
There brunch menu is so creative, last brunch I ordered a cheese steak waffle. It was steak meat with cheese, eggs over a corn meal waffle. There ranchero waffles are also unreal. 
The lunch menu is small but fantastic. The smoked turkey panini is a must. They press the panini stuffed with turkey, pesto, Gouda, and an oven roasted tomato in a waffle press. It is delivered to you with a strawberry and arugula salad. 
Aside from the great food there coffee and espresso drinks are prepared to impress. They also have a bad ass espresso machine.  
Amazing!!Our brunch buddies raved about this place and my fellow Yelpers helped me prepare for what to expect. The place is pretty small so we went there early (10:15 am Sunday) to snag a table right away. By 11am, there were two groups of 4 waiting outside but there wasn't a huge line. There were 4 of us and we each ordered a different type of coffee (french press style) which was pretty good. I initially ordered the homemade chai and it was very weak. I love chai so when its not full of flavor I'm completely turned off by it. I found it ironic that this place is called Chhaya (chai-ya) yet the chai wasn't that great. However, it was great that they replaced it without charging extra. We had no problems with service and our friends who are regulars also never had problems.
We all ordered some variation of a waffle: huevos rancheros, sausage and gravy, and french toast waffle. The french toast was light, crispy, and perfectly sweet. The huevos rancheros was unique so I would definitely try it if you're a big huevos fan. I liked my sausage and gravy; it felt very comforting. The home fries were tasty, and the bacon was out of this world. Holy moley. Best bacon we've ever had; you get 2 pieces for $3 but its so delicious, who cares? 
To address the complaints about the portions: I think the portions were perfect, especially if you ordered a waffle plate. I think people are used to the enormous portions they get at Green Eggs or Sabrinas, but honestly if the quality is there, I'm not going to complain. Expect to pay around $8-$10 for a good brunch in the city, its the norm. The atmosphere was cozy and next time I want to sit in that cute window area with the armchairs. I didn't quite understand the complaints about the setup in prior reviews; maybe it was different before? I didn't see anything wrong with it. 
My favorite part about Chhaya was being able to pay with my Level Up for the first time! You get $2 off the first time you use it at a place that uses Level Up, and you rack up discounts pretty fast. Honestly, I  may be back just so I can try the crepes...and use Level Up again :PAdorable coffee shop with ample seating, great lighting, and a nice relaxing atmosphere. They have high top seating and nice veranda chairs facing big windows. The espresso is delicious and you can tell they take pride in their drinks and service. I can't wait to try the food. It looks delicious :) dogs are allowed inside as well which is nice.The inside of this place is really like a hole in the way! It's small and cute but not good for groups at all!
They have game for you to play but like my friend said "they [might just] be for looks" because it was super dusty when I asked for the trivia game.
When you order a drink, they give you big scrabble letters to put your drink on. And some of their drink has the foam art!
I had the French toast waffle with macerated berries & maple syrup for $9. It's wasn't bad but the edges were hard which I did not like.
Might bring my brother back here to try because he likes waffles but don't know if I'd come myself.I can't get enough of this place.  Reasonable, fantastic coffee, terrific brunch dishes, and great waffles any day.  And they open at 7 am on weekdays. Perfect for getting sthing before heading to workI walked in here with the worst hangover known to mankind and left feeling like a new person. 
I would say the berry lemonade had a large part in that, it's so good I had to get another one to go. A refreshing treat with fresh raspberries but not super sweet. 
To eat I got the BLT, the other people in my group got some of their more signature items. My BLT was on the most amazing bread and the home fries were a great side. The other people in my party were extremely happy with their meals too.
The service was exceptional. Our waitress split our happily bill and even drew cute little cartoons on our bills. 
I will definitely be returning here, hopefully not hungover next time..We finally came here for breakfast last weekend after wanting to try it for a while. My husband got the sausage gravy waffle with a fried egg on top, which was pretty delicious. I decided to try the French toast waffle, which was a mistake. The berries on top were good but the waffle was so incredibly hard and dry, especially the edges. I didn't send it back but I definitely wouldn't ever order it again. The sausage links were good and the servers were nice though! Maybe we will try it again.Great coffee and espresso. The food is very good as well, but the portions could be larger. It's a great place for a quick bite and a coffee, but if you're looking for a big meal this is not the place for you.This place is walking distance from me so I was excited to try it out for a late brunch. We ordered the ginger cappuccino and macchiato with soy milk. I was slightly disappointed at the cup size for the ginger cappuccino for the price of $4.50, especially when the prices of specialty drinks isn't on the table menu. The taste of the ginger cappuccino wan't the greatest. 
The curry waffle had thai curry on top of waffles. The thai curry taste was really good but had hope that there was more otherwise the waffle was very dry because there's the curry as topping instead of maple syrup.
The monte cristo looked pretty and just tasted like ham and cheese with maple syrup.This place is super trendy and the food is delicious. The staff is very nice as well. I love the vegan substitutes they offer for their meals. The coffee is also great. There is a long wait time but the food is definitely worth it.Great service. Outdoor seating is perfect for people watching, especially during second Saturday on passyunk. I had a latte and my lunch friend had a cappuccino. Ordered the two eggs with home fries. Great atmosphere.I just got the "blackened chicken" wrap. Why Questions, well, I'm eating and its tasting kinda bland. I'm thinking, no way this is bland and it's blackened. Well, i open the wrap to find the chicken NOT blackened at all. I will say the "fries" aka home fries to go with it were very good. So far for this establishment, I'll stick with the breakfast two eggs over medium with home fries and the coffee.Hot diggity!  I'm very happy to have such an amazing brunch spot further down the avenue.  The service, food options, etc. were on point.  I ordered the waffle with sausage gravy and fried egg - SO delicious!  My friend ordered the mint/lavender/limeade...I could've drank a pitcher of it.  I highly recommend Chhaya to anyone!