I love everything about this place!!  The food is delicious, the servers are fast and friendly, and the owners are warm and inviting!! What more could you ask for?? Easter Sunday was my third time visiting Chiarella's and each time it was great!! If you love Authentic "Delicious" Italian food you have to give it a try. Trust me,  you won't be sorry!!!My wife and I ate here last night for our anniversary.  The specific area has sentimental value for us, however we had never eaten at Chiarella's before.  Let me preface this review by stating that my mother has kept me on a steady diet of italian food since birth.  I've also been to several famous italian places in little italy in Manhattan.  Anyway, this was hands down the best italian food I've had.  It started with the oil that was provided with our bread, it was smooth and perfectly seasoned, containing just the right kick to it.  We then had a chicken liver appetizer which was served quickly and went down easy.  I ordered the chicken Chiarella and my wife got the veal marsala.  We spoke with Tommy while we waited and he made us feel as if he had invited us into his south philly home to make dinner for us.  When the food came out it was hot and absolutely delicious.  We had dessert there too.  A canolli and cheesecake.  Both were absolutely wonderful.  The atmosphere was great, the service was great, and the food was seriously out of this world.  I would highly recommend eating here if you are in the south philly area.This is a really nice family owner place. The people there are very nice and very accommodating. They make you feel like you are long lost friends. I went to this ristorante for mother's day about two years ago and they has a special. It was gnocchi with a medley of seafood covered in a blush sauce. I feel in love with this dish and have been feening for it ever since. We ordered it as an appetizer and they made a whole plate of it.  I tried to order it once more after that, but they don't have gnocchi all year round so they substituted it with a different kind of pasta. As an entree I had they steak, but by and by the gnocchi out shined the steak. The food is delicious,  the place can get a litte loud, but it's a great place to go with your family and reminisce about life over food.Came here on a Saturday night with a Living Social deal, because we are always on the hunt for good Italian places. 
They did not disappoint. 
Service was casual but warm, friendly and professional. Although we didn't order them, the night's specials sounded really good. The app I wanted is no longer made but still on the menu which was the only (very minor) hiccup of the evening. 
We got the escarole soup and the house salad -- both were excellent. Our entrees were very traditional -- Chicken piccatta and veal saltimbocca -- but done very well. No complaints on the food at all. Had we not been in public, the dude and I would've been licking our plates to get every bit of sauce that was left. So good. 
Finished with cannoli and spumoni which were both good, but pretty standard. 
The total bill was quite reasonable for what we got -- and a total steal when combined with the voucher. 
We'll definitely be back.Hidden gem! We tried this restaurant because we had a restaurant.com gift card (tip- you must pay cash if you do this. It says on their website FYI). What a gem. The food- e everything was just right, from the portion to how it was cooked, and the juicy flavor of my chicken tomasini! The owner came and greeted us, and the staff was very attentive.  It's a BYO, so def bring your own wine! The cuisine definitely tasted more upscale than their prices. The inside is very nice, not too modern, but not boring. And it's in a beautiful part of south Philly, across the street from a gorgeous park with water fountain. Very pleased with the food AND the service. 5 stars. 
Their arugula salad was awesome too )had pan seared calamari and shrimp!I stopped by cause we saw this was on Kitchen Nightmares. I have to say the food was very good. I had some kind of pork chop dish that was a special and it was fantastic. Their pasta sauce is very good. I don't eat carbs so I think I missed out but like I said the sauce was very good so if your in the area go check this place out.
If this place was a nightmare before I think Chef Ramsey got it straightened out.Best value in the neighborhood. Incredibly wonderful people. Veal is soft and buttery. Can't go wrong with anything here.
You can enjoy an evening out and relax with the folks over at Chiarella's. They'll definitely take care of you!Always a pleasure to dine here. Not only is the food consistently superb, but it's a chill atmosphere and Tommy, the owner, is a riot. Go on a weekday night for extra personal service.Best kept secret in South Philly!
Everything is fresh, made to order and served hot! The crusty Italian bread is served warm with olive oil infused with subtle pepper undertones. The gravy is insane, just the right balance of sweet and savory. The veal is melt in your mouth, tender deliciousness. 
Sweet peppers with fresh mozzarella is not on the menu but they will make is special for you. I totally recommend this when you go. The eggplant rollatine and veal saltimbuca are also fantastic.
Some other yelpers have noted their displeasure with the waitstaff...well they are probably self-righteous hipster jerks who don't appreciate genuine people. The staff is friendly, personable and very attentive. And the owner couldn't be more gregarious! We aren't from the "neighborhood" but were treated like we grew up around the corner.
This is definitely not that new age, bougie, food network reject crap. If your are looking for old school, grandma-inspired Italian food, Chiarella's is the place for you!I would definately come back.  Went after we saw them on Kitchen Nightmares, and this place is a true gem in the city.  The owner, Tommy, is so friendly and makes you feel like you are at home.  The cooking is some of the best italian in the city and for the price and the fact that it is BYOB, you can't go wrong!Everything on the menu sounds great, but the execution is awful.  It's amateur hour, especially for their prices!
The server tried to open my wine but she seemed terrified, so she handed it off to another guy server.  He ended up breaking it and had to push the cork into the bottle.  Eh, ish happens, but combined with the crappy overpriced food, I'd rather go somewhere else like Karina's.Great food and service!  Went here during Passyunk Restaurant Week and was pleasantly surprised.  The owner is very present in his business and walks around to the tables to ensure his customers are pleased.best italian food in the city.  i would eat there everynight if i lived closer to itSo, I saw this place on Kitchen Nightmares and just had to try it for myself after Gordon Ramsay redesigned it.  The first time I went was for Mother's Day last May.  I was very impressed.  You get the bread with the olive oil for starters.  They have many appetizer options - I went with the mussels in white which were excellent.  They weren't overcooked and were done just right.  For my entree, I went with a seafood dish over pasta.  It was excellent!  The portion was perfect.  What is awesome about this place is that it is a BYOB.  The staff are very friendly - even the owner Tom came to our table and chatted with us briefly.  
I enjoyed this restaurant so much that a couple of weeks after, I held my birthday dinner here.  Was just as impressed as I was the first time.  
This is a gem of a restaurant right in the heart of South Philly.I really enjoyed my meal here. We were a large group, which was accommodated easily and quickly for a Friday night reservation. The staff was both friendly and efficient, explaining the specials and delivering our food very promptly. I just had a salad (womp womp), but I noticed that the portion sizes of my dining companions' pasta dishes were pretty huge. Everyone left satisfied and content, which is always a good thing. 
The atmosphere at Chiarella's is very homey. You really do feel as though you're in a dining room of a real South Philly Italian home. The place is just very comfortable.Kind of shocked by the overwhelmingly positive reviews for this place. I had the following experiences there-
Waitress forgot to bring oil for the bread, friend was served plate of ice cold pasta and a tiny piece of veal, fried mozzarella appetizer obviously came straight from freezer, steak was WAYYY overdone, friend was abducted by the Greys while we were eating outside, desserts also straight from the freezer, lobster ravioli tasted more like fish ravioli, and most importantly nothing made me or any of my dining companions think "Wow, I'd eat this again and again." 
I may have made one of those up. But there are still too many other better Italian options to frequent this place, even if it is convenient.Was looking for a nice BYOB-Italian in South Philly to take my lovely lady to for a romantic evening...problem! it was Monday night and not for nothing, nothing is open in South Philly on a Monday.
After googling a few spots I chose Chiarella's....the menu looked great, prices were right and right in the area i wanted to be in...AND...Open!! (5 to 10p)....I've also walked by a 1,000Xs...bout time I tryed this joint, right?!
We were greated at the front and given our choice of tables. Very nice...place was light on the crowd but it was Monday night so no worries...Our wine was opened and we were on our way.
Menu is classic italian...i later learned a few dishes from Gordan Ramseys visit (I had no idea about the show til later in our dinner) are on the menu. I chose 1 ramsey Italian Chopped Salad, the Meatball App and the Orechetta w Sausage n Brocla-Rabe.
So, while we are waiting we see another, what i thought waiter, barking at our waiter, charging around, with just a different disposition than a normal wait-staff individual...I think "ummmm, ok! something is up"....he comes to the table "yo whats up", talking on his phone...just totally different that what you may be used to, but its South Philly so...anything goes sometimes (i've seen a waiters throw nickles at a buddies head while dining!!)
The food comes...its pretty damn good....I give the salad a 7 (it was Ramsey's)...Meatball gets an 8 (gravy was delicious and so sweet)...and the Orchetta??? BAM! a 12!!....I mean delicious!!!....I was whiping the plate with what bread I had left (its nice n hot when it comes to the table)....so all in all, Great Meal!  and I will no doubt be back.
Now for the Waiter with a bit of swagger....His name is Tommy....and I find he owns the joint....what a great dude...he hung at out table and told us all about the Kitchen Nighmares Episode, his Pops that passed away, complimented my girl and just an all-around nice nice guy...At first glance you wouldn't know it and I am sure some reviews below will show this but trust me, you see this guy charging around, stop him and have a chat. You wont be disapointed....AND....you'll see Chiarella's in a whole new light.
Thanks Tommy....we'll be back!**Update**
Since my original review, I've been back a number of times, and I love Chiarell'as more and more.  In fact, a few weeks from now...I'll be marrying the guy who took me here on a date two years ago!  We'll be having our rehearsal dinner at Chiarella's, of course!Good spot. Very good Italian food. I love my italian food authentic and this did the trick without breaking the bank at all.
It's BYOB (even though it seems like there's a bar up front) so you can save by bringing wine. And happened to come here last minute for Valentines Day this year with my girlfriend because we didn't want to pay the ridiculous $75 (!!) per person at a different place. In the end my bill was in the $60's with an appetizers and two huge meals that we took home.
A very nice Italian BYOB in South Philly.Went to Chiarella's last night with two friends.  We really enjoyed our dinner.  The service was prompt, efficient and friendly.  The owner couldn't have been nicer.  Two of us had the chicken with artichoke hearts and the other friend had the veal.  All very tender and fresh.  We left nothing on our plates!  We will definitely go again.Not so much. I'll leave it at that. Whatever Gordon Ramsey did to turn the tables for the restaurant and the owners, certainly wasn't carried through. The food was pedestrian at best.  Arrogant greeting of "Yo" when we called to ensure that they take credit cards. The party we were with and the wine we brought was the best part of the evening. 
This one is off our BYOB list.I live around the corner from this restaurant. When I moved to the neighborhood and decided to go about trying different places to get a feel for the neighborhood's cuisine. What a mistake this place was! 
I decided on a surf and turf dinner and was pretty disappointed to find the lobster was completely flavorless. Definitely frozen South African lobster. The steak was not cooked to order at all and was tough. My girlfriend had a seafood pasta mix. Again everything was frozen, rubbery and flavorless. very unappetizing.
Service was pretty bad, I can say we were the only table in the restaurant at the time and after we ordered our drinks, they didn't come until after we received our meals and reminded him that he had never brought them out. I would have done this sooner, but our waiter was no where to be found.
I'm not much of a complainer, but when I saw the reviews this place had gotten I had to sign up for Yelp to put in my two cents. To end, I felt ill after eating. I cant say for sure it was the food but I left my credit card with my girlfriend and bolted home to use my own bathroom.
You don't have to take my word, its lack of business speaks for itself. This place is always empty and the owner can often be seen walking past Izumi, down the block muttering about how impossible it is that his business is so slow and theirs so busy. Its called fresh food and great service!I went here during restaurant week last week. Their food was excellent and the owners were very nice people. It's a very South Philly Italian feel.
However, and I'm not sure if this was because it was restaurant week, because it was a Friday, or some combination of the two, service was SLOW. I went with a friend, and it took a while for them to bring out her appetizer, and by the time they brought out my appetizer, she had finished hers. Then it took a while for each of our other two courses to be brought, but at least those were brought out together.
I'd try this restaurant again on a quieter night. It's a little on the expensive side for me, so I'll probably wait for an occasion to have a nice dinner out.First visit. Loved it! Good food. Great atmosphere.  Excellent service. Fair prices and generous portions! It's a BYOB. Authentic South Philly Italian food. They buy all meats and produce locally fresh from the Italian Market. Lynne was our waitress.  She is phenomenal! Very kind and accommodating, made us feel like family. So if you had enough of the hipster crowd my advice would be to go and enjoy a real meal at Chiarella's, and save room for dessert!Had a decent antipasta here (though, when we asked if we could just split one, they gave us a one huge plate and charged for two.  The gravy on my standard issue cheese raviolis had a fresh from the fridge texture, in that it was basically a clump of sauce which sat atop the raviolis.  Still, we ate outside, the server was friendly, and it was really nice eating next to the E. Passyunk Fountain and drinking the wine we'd brought.went friday night with the boys - these guys like good food, and top notch restarants, my dad goes to a lot of BOYB's - so i took his advise - everyone loved their food , pasta fish and app's were great - Tommy owner very gracious - great  BYOB in the heart of So Philly .we were first timers and are so glad we went!  great food, awesome prices, and a warm ,cozy atmosphere made our party a lot of fun! tommy and mark were great!!  I would recommend chiarellas to any one who asks for the real deal Italian restaurant.   we will be frequent fliers.I ate here with the in-laws about a month ago.  The eggplant rollatini at Flavors of the Ave was great so we decided to try it out for dinner.  Overall, not impressed.  This place had a kind of a washed-up vibe and bad decor.  Servers were nice but not knowledgeable. 
My meal was good, but others were sub-par.  There are so many other great places to eat in the area for the same price that I would find it difficult to find a reason to go back.My husband and I went to try out Chiarellas new menu. Gordon Ramsay had just spent over a week there. Being a fan of his show Kitchen Nightmares I knew to expect some changes. First of all he made the dining areas fresh and contemporary. He had them painted in soothing shades of grey. He also added black and white photos on the wall which I found out later were photos of the neighborhood. Very cool! The menu had so many great looking items it was hard to choose. We shared Arancini,meatballs,and a choped salad for appetizers. All were very flavorful and delicious. Ops, I forgot about the light crispy bread with the sundried tomato butter. WOW! For dinner we first shared the rigatoni bolognese. Honestly the best I ever had. By this time I really had no more room for anything. I then had eggplant parmesan. All I could do was to taste this. Again excellent! Sauce was very fresh and the eggplant crispy not soggy like some others I have tried. I had to wrap this up and take it home. Way to full. All I have to say Is keep up the good work. I know Gordon Ramsay is one tough cookie! But he does know what he is talking about. Chiarellas will now be our go to restaurant when I don't have time to cook. The prices were great too!The food and service were top quality.  The owners continually made themselves available to all their customers.  I could not imagine having a more positive dining experience.my wife and i had a great meal here.  some traditional and not so traditional items on the menu.  the price was a steal.  service was very attentive and the food was very good.  it wasn't loud or pretentious at all and the location is perfect.We were in the neighborhood looking for another restaurant that turned out to have moved, and stumbled upon Chiarella's because we were hungry and it was open.  As it turns out, a serendipitous discovery.  The appetizer mussels were sweet and tender, my husband's veal tender and flavorful and my picky daughter ate every bit of her lobster ravioli.  I ordered gnocchi with broccoli rabe and hot sausage and the sauce was so flavorful I sopped it up with 4 slices of bread. The only reason I do not award 5 stars is because of said bread - it was only OK, but that sauce...
The bill came to $99.00 with two featured appetizers and three daily specials, all of which cost more that the regular menu.Summary: Standard (or classic, if you prefer) Italian dishes, not very innovative, but done well. Try the cannoli! I look forward to them getting their liquor license, but I hope the owners get the servers trained in good wine service and treat their future drink menu the way Ramsay treated their food menu. 
Disclaimer: I am going to pick on a lot of details, but I am picky about my dining experience, though I understand that some places and people aren't quite as good at dealing with a packed house so I try not to hold it against them... too much.
On to the review...
Two negatives here, off the bat. One, even though we had reservations, it took probably 10 minutes to seat us. Then it took 10 minutes for anyone to take our order - and I believe it was the owner or manager who came over and asked if anyone had taken our order. Then it took another 10 minutes for someone to take our card and cash is out. Two, it seems to be standard Italian dishes - nothing new or innovative. Nothing I haven't seen before.
HOWEVER, these two points only warrant one star loss, because A) it was Saturday night, 9pm and they appeared to have a very large group or two. B) although the food was not very creative, it was done very well. 
The chicken piccata was very flavorful (though if I didn't already love lemon chicken - my mom made it all the time growing up - it might have been too lemon-y, but I liked it). My bf's veal marsala was also tasty. 
I liked the bread, but the bf would have liked more of a crust. He grew up in south Philly, though, and is crazy picky about bread. It came out oven-warm with a bowl of olive oil and spices. It did take awhile to arrive, and it literally came out about a minute before the appetizers, so I hadn't even gotten over piece before we had to move it aside.
Speaking of timing, although the servers were friendly when taking our order, everyone was rushed and I felt like they had better, more important people to serve. It was extremely busy, and I'm particularly picky about service, so I only took a half star for that, but the servers taking half a second to make us feel equally important for their business, it would have gotten them that 5th star.
The crostini were tasty (we had the sampler), though the first bite of the mushroom crostini was a bit soggy. A fluke, perhaps, as the rest of it was tasty. Not five-star tasty, but good for the price.
We both prefer homemade desserts, so we ordered the cannoli. I was impressed! The shell was quite crunchy, as I completely obliterated it when I tried to split it, so it was obviously freshly assembled and not sitting in a freezer all night. The homemade ricotta was rich and creamy and just as little sweet. Another Italian classic, but very well done!
As anyone who has seen the revisit episode of KN will know, they are planning to get a liquor license, and I hope they do, BUT I hope they think carefully about how they let it change their atmosphere, because it will.
To the owners, if they read this: please invest in at least basic training for your staff in wine knowledge and etiquette. As in, the appropriate way of serving it. As a wine and fine dining lover, I always notice when they poor in the wrong order and such, and it makes a difference between the server being a wine novice and being a professional. It's the little things that matter. When the server opens a bottle, whether at a BYOB, they pour it for the customer before leaving. The best servers will make sure that the customer never have to put their own wine. It was busy, and no one was slacking off, so we didn't judge the guy for it, but the few seconds would have made the point that he was paying attention to us. Also, please don't cheapen up the drink menu with complicated and gaudy drink specials and happy hours and stuff. Keep it sophisticated and simple (channel Gordon when you make the drink menu). A good and creative bartender can really upscale your restaurant, even if you don't change a thing on the menu. Good luck!Came here for dinner on a week night and loved the cozy restaurant and great pasta. My friend and I had made reservations, and were quickly seated when we got there. We both had pasta dishes -- one with pesto, one spaghetti with meatballs, and some dessert. Definitely large portions on the pasta. The meatballs were tasty and fresh. The service is good, and they don't molly-coddle you like at some American restaurants. The dining room is pretty big and beautifully decorated, and the neighborhood has plenty to offer.
We will definitely come back, although next time with a bottle of wine!I would give this restaurant 5 stars, but I did have a bit of an issue with our waiter. I had purchased a Restaurant.com voucher prior to our meal at Chiarella's. I told the server about the voucher which he promptly took from me saying "no problem." The problem was- he didn't itemize our bill, and we tipped him on the total price. It wasn't until we got home later that I realized 20% gratuity had already been added in- thus we gave him a 40% tip. Now, his service was good, but not 40% good! I would have preferred him to say "20% has already been included, just wanted you to be aware that's the deal w/ Restaurant.com vouchers" or something, but No, just a big smile and a "thanks very much, guys come again" ... WTF is that about? 
Onto what's important- the food was delicious. We had the Chiarella' salad to start- and there is a definite reason that this is their signature salad- it's delicious! I had a chicken special which was chicken w/ prosciutto and mozzarella in a white wine sauce. I'm pretty particular about prosciutto and it was very evident that this was extremely fresh and lean which made everything come together perfectly. 
Our waiter did inform us that everything on the menu is fresh with the exception of the Fried Mozzarella. Having seen the menu options, I'm not sure why anyone would order Fried Mozzarella unless you have small children with you and that's all they'll eat. What do you expect from fried cheese? Honestly. 
I'll definitely go back again, but if I'll make sure to have the bill itemized before paying!I looked into byob restaurants in South Philly to go to with my husband and his mom and this came up as a solid choice. They were out of a couple of menu items, which was a bit disappointing. Not many restaurants carry spumoni and it definitely persuaded me to make a reservation at Chiarella's so I was a little sad when the waitress said they were out of it.  
When we ordered our appetizers, we asked if the calamari was fried or grilled and the waitress said it could be made either way so we went with the healthier option of grilled.  I would say that was a mistake, the calamari came out really over done and rubbery with one little wedge of lemon, no seasoning, no sauce and no check in to see how we liked it.  We're not big on complaining, so we just chewed our way through it.  I would stick with the menu as presented and not ask for modifications the next time we go here.  Everything else that we got was delicious.  We got an eggplant dish, a chicken dish and a veal, and the sauces were very nice and the bread  and pasta were great.  All in all, it was a nice meal and worth a return trip in the future.Delicious meal- Had a great experience. Been a while since I had been at the restaurant but the owner remembered me and treated us like family. Would recommend this place- authentic Italian food, great ambiance. The stuffed clam appetizer was fantastic. With a lot of competition in the neighborhood, the place has held its own. BYOB makes it even better!  Thanks for a delicious night!First time here. What a gem! Apps and entrees were all very good, generous portions. Service was spot on. Tommy the owner was very accomodating , offering to get us anything we wished as far as deviating from the menu. This is always nice for sharing. Will definitely return with more wine next time.
Nick d.I don't know what all of these bad reviews are all about, this place is great. 
This is South Philly Italiano... From the old man singing Italian tunes on his guitar to the friendly greetings from everyone that worked there, this is what you expect from an Italian restaurant in South Philadelphia.
Our food was great. Granted we waited a little longer than usual, but we went with the flow and enjoyed our wine (IT'S BYOB!)
We shared the spicy calamari appetizer and the mozz/tom caprese salad - both delicious. 
I ordered the Special - Chicken marinated in pepperoncinis and wine with pork crumbles on the top. It was spicy, just how I like it. Italian doesn't have to always be lasagna and spaghetti - I did like that a side of spaghetti and homemade sauce came on the side, however. 
The one waitor even came over and showed us a little trick with a lemon rind. If you break it and put it in your wine, it takes out the aging alcohol taste - PERFETTO !!!!
The decor (from what I understand a revamp from Gordon Ramsey) was a little plain - I would liked to have seen some blown up photos of Italy or something, but this was just a minor detail. 
TRY THIS PLACE, IT'S A GREAT BYOB IN OLD SOUTH PHILLY !!!!I went here on a date, and loved it. Yes, the mozzarella sticks were from the freezer...which our waiter informed us when we ordered them. The entrees were amazing, though! I had the best chicken parm ever, and my date had a steak that was perfectly done, and and mashed potatoes with a delicious gravy!  We will definitely be back!In Philadelphia for an event and while in the stadium a local recommended this. 14 of us went and wow, everyone loved it. Would go again.Our waiter was amazing. The atmosphere was great and the food was unreal! Everything was so good, and the bolognese sauce was easily the best I have ever had! The eggplant parmesan was perfect, and the Chiarella's salad as a starter was perfect for two! Plus a nice bread accompanied by a slightly spicy olive oil.I dined with a large group at Chiarella's on a very busy Saturday night.  We had the best waiter -- charming, funny, attentive!  And the food!!  We did a lot of sharing around the table, and every dish was wonderful.  My veal was tender and flavorful.  The New York strip was among the best I've ever tasted, rivaling DC's Rays the Steaks.  And, of course, the pasta was to die for.   We shared a couple of orders of the calamari -- and then got even more.  It was wonderful -- not too much breading, and tender on the inside.  We also passed desserts around the table, and I am not sure what I liked the most.  The tiramisu was yummy, but so was the cheesecake.  I also sampled a couple of the ice cream specialties and enjoyed them.  I topped it off with aa cappuccino.  I asked if they had any flavored ones, and, although not on the menu, the waiter whipped up a masterpiece that included amaretto and chocolate, topped with whipped cream and a drizzle of chocolate.  My only complaint:  I live three hours away!!Went here tonight with family and friends and am glad I got there early because it fills up quickly after 5:30.   We ordered a veal dish, a flounder, chicken chiarella, and chicken piccata.   Everybody loved their meals.  But we also loved the service.  The service wasn't just personal.  It was jovial and avuncular.  It reminded me of family dinners on Staten Island.  Also I definitely recommend either the amaretto bombs or pistachio connoli for dessert.Really loved this place. The wait staff was very attentive and friendly. We were suprised the restaurant wasn't more crowded. The food was very good and came out quickly. Love that it is byob!Great food and would definitely come back again. Went with my family for my birthday dinner a little over a week ago now.
Got veal francaise and fried calamari. Salad and mussels for the table. Their bottle service was spot-on. 
My only complaints?
Food service seemed a little slow and they forgot my appetizer. Wound up eating it after my entree. Oh well...The meatballs are amazing. I wish I could just order a bowl of meatballs. It's just really hard to find meatballs that are as good as my 94 year old grandmothers.Excellent home made pasta
The best pasta I have ever eaten. 
Try the linguine with lemon cream sauce. 
To die for.What a disappointment!  We were walking through East Passyunk, looking for a place to have dinner.  We have never eaten at Chiarella's, even though we live in the neighborhood, so we decided to try it.  The prices looked reasonable and the maître d was very inviting and cheerful.  We had just finished doing some work on our house, so we weren't dressed for a fancy dinner.  We decided to sit outside, since we were dressed in t-shirts and shorts (it was a warm day) and everyone on the inside of the restaurant was "dressed" for dinner.  Anyway, the maître d was very friendly and chatty; a very cordial fellow and excellent host.  The waiter, however was TERRIBLE.  He was extremely rude, had pallid sweaty skin, and seemed really hyper and twitchy.  When I asked for his recommendation - between the pesto or the shrimp - he made a very sarcastic reply.  Thankfully, he disappeared halfway through our dinner. 
The bread was delicious.  We ordered the cucumber salad, the orange salad, and the fried calamari.  All were okay.  Not great.  Not memorable.  Just okay.  The calamari was pathetic.  While it was done well, the presentation made it very unattractive and unappetizing.  In fact, it looked like they had tossed a handful of leftover calamari on a large serving platter.  The platter was so large that it looked like they had given us less calamari than is typical.  The sauce tasted like something from a jar.  My dinner partners had the orecchiette, and the spaghetti and meatballs.  I had the pesto.  Of all three dishes, the best was the spaghetti and meatballs (meatballs clearly homemade).  The pesto was runny and had almost no flavor (it didn't taste like garlic, or basil, or olive oil, or parmesan cheese).  My partner had the orecchiette and he said it was not very good.  The orecchiette was not cooked properly and the meat tasted weird.  For dessert, we had the tiramisu and crème brulee.  The crème brulee was good.  The tiramisu was just so-so (I like my tiramisu with more cream).Delicius! Great atmosphere and service too. The waiter clearly explained the menu and answered our questions. The owner stopped by several times to check on us as well. We enjoyed every course - appetizer through the waiter's self proclaimed best cappuccino. I will definitely be going back.This is a great restaurant!!!! The food is awesome!!!! The owners treat everyone like they are family!!! I can't say anything negative about this place :)Really enjoyed the food here. I had the steak Dina which is more or less steak and potatoes and it was delicious. My steak was cooked just the way I liked it. My wife had chicken Parm and loved it. The kids had fettuccine Alfredo which was also delicious. The Alfredo had a touch of lemon that added to the flavor. My mother who is hard to impress loved the food as well. Great atmosphere and the owner stopped and talked to us a few times and gave us complimentary wine. It's a byob but we isn't bring our bottle. Only complaint is that our waitress spent more time on her cell phone than checking on us. Otherwise a good experience and I can't wait to go back.3 (and a half) stars for this neighborhood place.  Very hands on friendly service from the owners, quite enjoyed the creative food and loud and vibrant atmosphere. 
Service from staff can be a bit slow, but I blame that on the new found attractiveness of the place and hence increased number of patrons. 
Bring some time, enjoy some BYOB, and just enjoy the experience. Def would go again.So my girlfriend and I were celebrating our half-year anniversary. I, an avid Food Network fan, of course saw the Kitchen Nightmares episode. I had been planning on going to Chiarellas, and after seeing the great reviews, decided what could be better than showing my girlfriend the episode the night before and then eating here. 
We were seated promptly, and asked if we BYO'd. The staff brought 2 wine glasses for us, and told us the specials. We decided to order the buffalo mozzarella crostini, veal saltombucca, and chicken chiarella. The buffalo crostini is actually raisins (?) Marinated in balsamic vinegar with pine nuts, on a slab of mozzarella, on top of pesto and toasted italian bread. Delicious, but BEWARE. The vinegar sauce will stain whatever it touches. 
The two entrees were also incredible. The veal saltombucca was good, but the prosciutto on it almost overpowered the veal. Fortunately, I grew up on Long Island in an Italian household, so this was far from a problem! The chicken chiarella mixed well and was fantastic. 
For dessert, we ordered the tiramisu. Not really a big fan of desserts so I can't really comment, but the girlfriend loved it.
All in all, it was a fantastic dinner with a great staff and owner. Would definitely recommend to friends. 
To the owner(s): Alex from 7pm on 3/22 says thank you so much! Didn't tell you I saw the KN episode,  but you definitely deserve to have such a great establisment. Thank you.My fiance took me out for my birthday dinner. We had reservations at another restaurant near by, but left that restaurant before we ate because they refused to honor a deal we got from Living Social. 
We wandered around Passyunk looking at different restaurants' menus. As we approached Chiarella's Ristorante, we were greeted by the owner, who promised we won't be disappointed and offered us a complimentary glass of wine. 
We were there a little after 6 and were promptly seated. All the wait staff were very friendly. My fiance and I decided to share the Buffalo Mozzarella Bruschetta.  I thought it was very yummy. There was a mixture of tangy sweetness. My fiance didn't like raisins, but he thought the dish was fine after he took the raisins off. 
For our entrees, we both ordered one of the specials. I had l pasta with mussels, shrimp, spinach, and tomatoes in white wine sauce and my fiance had steak with blue cheese. Everything was delicious. My fiance is a picky eater, but he loved his dish. Unfortunately, we were both extremely full after eating half of our dishes, so we didn't get to try their desserts.We will definitely eat there again.If you are in the mood for real South Philly Italian, this is the place. No fru fru decorated plates, just great Italian and a passionate staff.Whenever I travel I like to goto restaurants that had the Kitchen Nightmare restaurant make-over. This place did not disappoint. Excellent food, service, and great vibe. Overall, I would go back and I would recommend it for others.The service was friendly but slow.  The food was mediocre and overpriced.  It was hard to believe that they can survive in this area with the level of food.  We had eggplant parmagiana and one of the veal dishes.  Both of them were mediocre or below.  We won't be back.Over priced and awful service!! So many other better alternatives out there.Mixed results at dinner. Five stars for the grilled eggplant appetizer special and the mozzarella /roasted pepper salad. But 2 stars for the mussels, which were slightly overcooked and of poor quality compared to the plump ones I am used to being served. The white [wine & garlic]  sauce was excellent. The wait service for our large party was attentive except for the busser who kept throwing dirty dishes loudly into a pan next to our table.One of the best meals Ever! Antipasto was exceptional, the pasta dishes were made to perfection, everything is fresh and delicious ! The owner Thomas Defino is a delight, making sure that all of his customers are satisfied with their food and service. Staff was very accommodating and so nice, what a pleasure! This was my fourth time there and plan on making many more visits!!We ate at Chiarello's tonight for the first and last time. The escarole soup was like water with a few pieces of rice. The veal marsala was fine but sparse. I was so hungry that I ordered a salad (the best part of the meal) for "dessert". The place is a bit too pricey for no atmosphere and so-so food. The menu price for the soup was $2.50 which was surprising. When the bill came we found that we had been charged $3.95. When we asked about this the overly friendly and loud waiter, and possibly the owner, said that was a 1970's price and only for a small amount of soup. Perhaps there was a mistake on his menu and he doesn't want to have them re-printed, but the price on the menu should be the price on the bill. Don't recommend this place!Excellent in every way. From friendly, professional service to delicious food, we really loved Chiarella's...and will return. The appetizers set the tone...hubby's calamari perfectly cooked, crispy, light and fresh with a flavorful red sauce. My special had roasted peppers, smoked mozzarella, anchovies, roasted garlic and was superb. Chicken Picatta was awesome, the polenta pure bliss, the sauce balanced and flavorful. My husband loved his Chicken Parm, we both ate every bite! Dessert, which we usually don't eat, was divine...the most perfect Creme Brûlée. Reasonable prices, nice people, great food. Don't hesitate to enjoy a meal here. This is a wonderful place!We ate at Chiarella's last Saturday and it was outstanding. We were greeted by the owners when we arrived and seated immediately. The restaurant is warm and inviting. Our waiter described all the evenings specials which made it hard to choose as they all sounded great. My wife and I ordered the smoked buffalo mozzarella, roasted red pepper and anchovy appetizer. It was incredible. I also had the calamari which was perfectly breaded with a light breading, plenty of flavor and a wonderfully fresh tasting red sauce. I then enjoyed chicken parm. Again this was lightly breaded, crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. It was served over perfectly prepared pasta with that great red sauce. My wife had the chicken picatta over polenta and it too was awesome. We drove almost an hour to get here and will be coming back real soon.Best Italian food we've had at a BYOB.  Recommend everyone to come here for a great meal & a good time.Typical south philly italian restaurant, but typical in a good way! went here two weeks ago for a dinner with some friends, not only did our waitress take great care of us, but the manager (owner?) also stopped by our table multiple times to make sure everything was going as we wished.  Food was excellent, and generous portions without being over the top.  I would recommend coming here as a casual dinner out, especially as a BYOB can never go wrong!I was in town on business and also decided to try Chiarellas after seeing them on Kitchen Nightmares.  I just started following the show and noticed that this is one of very few restaurants that Kitchen Nightmares actually helped and is still open after 2 years.  This food was spectacular.  I tried the soup of the day (white bean soup) and the bruschetta.  They were great.  Then Tommy recommended this awesome veal dish.  I really enjoyed the food and wish Tommy and his family all the luck in the world.  (PS, ask him to show you his gym :-)I recently had the occasion to have my 60th surprise birthday party at Chiarella's Ristorante. Balloons and a surprise visit from my best friend topped off the evening. The waiters were attentive and the food was very good. It was a party of 8 and they didn't miss a beat. I was greeted at the front door by the owner and he made me feel like I was the queen. It's a nice, homey, "relaxed feeling" place. I met some people there who came from Jersey and loved it also. If your looking for a stuffy, quiet, frew-frew place, then you shouldn't go to Chiarella's. It's a down home, busy, busy place.I too went to Chiarella's after seeing them on Kitchen Nightmares and was impressed. I've gone a few times and can honestly say: The service is great, the food is awesome, and the decor is quite charming. The owner Tommy really takes his time to come over, introduce himself, and make you feel at home. You can tell he is passionate about his restaurant.
The menu is an all classic Italian menu. You can get a classic spaghetti and meatballs, fried calamari, as well as other traditional Italian dishes. They make an awesome New York Strip, Chicken Parmagiana, and Linguini with Shrimp in lemon cream sauce. The tiramisu is also probably the best I've ever had.They serve ample portions, so come hungry!
My only complaint? The service is a little slow. However, it's worth the wait.ok first off stay away... waiter was strange kept coming to out table to chat on xmas eve, rude, i felt as though he was dis respecting my husband and hitting in me.the food...chicken  piccata served with chicken gravy?? not mashed potatoes but polenta.. my dish..linguini and clams..clams in a can..burnt garlic that came up on me all night.. watery escarole soup.creepy guy behind bar.. do  not waste yiur time chef ramsey tried..just sell the place,how can thy serve that food and feel good about yourselves..and you call yourself italian?? no pride.So we went there because they are filming kitchen nightmares. Our experience was certainly a nightmare. The apps were ice cold. Had to get them re heated. The restaurant is in shambles and will probably look better once fixed up but they need a new chef. The entree two out of three of us had was the pasta special pasta in a white wine sauce with sausage my wife had the pork loin special the pasta was sitting In a bowl of oil it was dripping off the pasta they actually had to come take it back and strain it. The pork was fried to a crisp and also covered in oil and cheese with rotten tasting broccoli rabe on top. The best thing about this place was the owner he was friendly and nice. He actually made you feel like you were sitting down to an italian family dinner. The worst thing was the price 140 dollars for four apps and four entrees that should have cost 50 bucks tops. Fine dining usually does not have pizza place parm shakers on the table just saying.After buying some certificates from www.restaurant.com, my husband and I decided to use one of them here. We went during the week around 7:30 pm and it wasn't crowded at all. As a matter of fact, there were only three other tables being occupied but the noise level was more like the place was full. We were immediately greeted and seated by a lovely young lady who told us the place had recently undergone a lot of changes at the hand of Gordon Ramsey, and the restaurant was going to be featured on an episode of "Kitchen Nightmare," which I now know was aired a week or so ago. She also gave us the rundown on the evening's specials. Compared to our actual waiter, she was a breadth of fresh air. About three minutes after she left the table, our waiter arrived and he was quite a trip. He proceeded to tell us the specials again even though we told him the young woman had already done that. 
I don't know what the restaurant looked like before, but now it is rather minimalistic. That's fine, but I expected more once I learned Gordon Ramsey had been there. The place is small, but does have white linen tablecloths and some very cool looking light fixtures.
On to the food - we shared an appetizer of clams and mussels in a blush sauce, which was absolutely delicious although a bit pricey ($14). The bread that was served was warm and also delicious. My husband opted for the lasagna ($14) and I opted to go with one of the specials - chicken with roasted peppers, mushrooms and mozzerella in a tomato-based sauce. The lasagne was good athough very small in size; it looked more like an appetizer than an entree. Unfortunately, the food repeated on my husband for several hours later, but that may have just been him. My dinner, while good, was VERY expensive for a chicken dish that didn't have any unusual ingredients. For $24 (!), I would expect to have a more exotic mushroom at the very least. Shame on me for not asking the price of the special before ordering it, but I never thought that with a menu boasting prices of $14-18 generally, a chicken special would be that expensive.
Our erratic waiter came to our table at least five times during dinner -- a tad too much for me. It's ok to ask me if everything is to our liking one, maybe two, times during dinner, but five? He also went on a rant about the restaurant.com certificate we had, making sure it was only for $25. He went on, ad naseum, about how people were trying to rip them off by bringing in $100 certificates when no one in the restaurant had approved that with the website. Uh, sorry, that's just not true. Besides, since the restaurant isn't his, why does he care? 
I was aware that a 20% gratuity would be automatically added to the bill, something I wasn't very happy about but had to accept if I wanted to purchase the certificate. Had I know the service was so awful, I wouldn't have gone in the first place, let alone give a 20% tip to someone who so obviously didn't deserve it. On top of that, when we left cash to pay the bill (a requirement...they don't accept cards), the waiter asked if we needed change. Did he really expect to get more than the 20% tip we already were obligated to pay? 
If this restaurant wants to succeed, they need to get rid of this waiter and lower the price of their specials. We won't be going back.I love this authentic old school gem.  I am very picky about my Italian food, growing up eating spaghetti every Sunday and Wednesday and Chiarella's does not disappoint.  I am ga ga over the calamari and eggplant parmagiana.  The pasta sides are home made and ample portion sized. You know you stepped into a real Italian spot when you see the locals holding up the bar....I am glad I listened to other Yelp reviews and went.  My boyfriend and I will be back.Went there again tonight and food was still consistently amazing and delicious.  Asked for the gnocchi with a vodka sauce and it was fantastic!  This is great authentic, Italian cuisine at an affordable price! I would still recommend this establishment to friends and family!Dinner at Chiarella's last night was great!  The service was friendly and familiar, like we were family.  The atmosphere was inviting and pleasant but more than anything, the food was excellant.  From soup that was just like my own home made, to the most delicious appetizers to my main dish which was chicken smothered in spinish and roast peppers and something else ---- but it was the bomb!
Chiarella's provided great service and my entire family all enjoyed their dinner.  From Chicken Marsella to the huge serving of  Chicken Parm, not to mention the specials that were wonderful.  The service was great since we were a large party, the catered to our every request with a smile and fast service.  
This restaurant is more of a local "family" oriented, come in, sit down and enjoy a meal like you are at home.  This family owned and operated business is special and reasonable priced.
My family will all be return customers!Amazing!  We were in South Philly for a week visiting our daughter and husband who are in collage there.  We ate at restaurants from South Philly to City Center and Chirellas was the best food by far.  BYOB was new for us but it worked out.  Great Italian cuisine expertly prepared and served and atmosphere of a true family restaurant.  Lynne and her husband are great and will take care of you.very good food coming from Long island ny where italian food is king this place held up to some of the great places here in ny was fresh and friendlyMy girlfriend and I went to this non-traditional South Philly italian spot on a Wednesday night during a Savored featuring.  We were immediately greeted by a very nice man who we later learned is the owner.  There were 3 or 4 other tables eating, but the crowd seemed appropriate for a weeknight.
The decor is somewhat generic-modern, but it feels good.  There are a few standout pieces like the wood and pipes on the wall, and the overhead lights.  It certainly doesn't scream "italian," but the food did that.
We started out with two appetizers (buffalo mozzarella bruschetta and chicken liver crostini) that were presented very nicely and tasted just as good.  Our entrees, the linguini shrimp and lasagna, were full of flavor.  Although normally a relatively plain dish, the shrimp had a great lemon cream sauce and the shrimp and pasta were cooked perfectly.  The bolognese of the lasagna was very flavorful and delicious, and not oilly as many lasagnas are.
In terms of the food, we had two small disappointments.  Firstly, although the bread was good, it was presented with cold butter in the plastic packets, which was surprising for an otherwise nice restaurant.  The second was the creme brulee dessert.  Although it had a very nice flavor, the bottom half of it (served in a bowl) was cold.  It seemed as if it had been pulled out of a refrigerator and the sugar was thrown on and torched, warming only the top.  The chill hid what was a nice flavor.
The prices were reasonable and the service was excellent.  Owner Tommy was very helpful and very friendly.  Although the restaurant is unique in South Philly in that it has a non-traditional, small menu and modern decor, the staff provides the friendly feel of a traditional spot.  Despite a couple of small hiccups, Chiarella's is a great eatery that we look forward to enjoying again.Went to Chiarella's for the first time last night and really enjoyed both entrees: Chicken Ava & Seafood Risotto.  Also, the eggplant rollatini appetizer was DELICIOUS with their fresh Italian bread... MMM!. 
  Priced right and portions were huge, so we have leftovers as well to enjoy.
The owner was a pistol and made for a fun evening - he is a blast! 
So, enjoy  - listen to some Sinatra & get a true South Philly dining experience.  Ciao bella!Good Food. Rude People.  It's such a shame!!!!
We tried this restaurant after reading the menu and purchasing a gift certificate on Restaurant.com. It was on our way home from work so we arrived around 4:30pm. This is a BYOB however there is a bar and they do have some alcoholic beverages. When we arrived, we were the only customers in the place. There was one waitress who informed us we would have to sit in the bar area, which is right by the entrance, because she was mopping and the main dining room was closed off from being wet.  She sat us two tables from the door in front of a window and poured us glasses of water and read us the specials. While we were reading the menu, a waiter entered and began prepping the bar area. The waitress asked him if she could go smoke a cigarette and walked out the front door. We could see her right in front of the window we were sitting at. She was smoking while we were waiting to order or even get some sodas for that matter. The waiter ended up coming over and talking with us and took our order. We got the french onion soup, escarole soup, chicken parmigiana and linguine with clams. He also brought over some freshly baked bread  with some spiced oil for dipping. It was so delicious I could have eaten that as my main course. I'm craving it just talking about it. 
At this point, a middle aged woman with her daughter and another young woman walked in the door with our original waitress. They seemed to know her and acted like they owned the place. The woman immediately grabbed the house phone, walked behind the bar and started talking loudly in front of our table with someone on the other end. The family plopped down at the table directly next to us and started talking about the restaurants bad finances. They also discussed other things as if the room were empty. They walked back and forth like it was their own personal kitchen. They turned up the radio so i couldn't even hear to make conversation at my own table. After our food was served the woman stared at my dish and made a comment to the waitress to get that brought out for her. She then walked to the front door and stood at it while holding it open and sparked a cigarette. The smoke was coming in the restaurant. Meanwhile, we are seated, eating dinner two tables down from the door. She couldn't even go outside. The young woman asked her to shut the door after my boyfriend began coughing from the smell. I think this lady must have been the owner or the wife of the owner. I've never met such rude people in my life at an establishment. They are supposed to be caring about their reputation. Instead, they act as if they are in the comforts of their own home and could care less if you are dining. The food was great. Our waiter was great. SHE makes me never want to return. So, i'll find good food and service elsewhere. 
The check was handwritten and brought to our table. When we paid the bill and placed the restaurant.com gift card in the check book, the waiter told us it was cash only. So, i paid cash. His whole demeanor changed. He went from nice, talkative and friendly, to attitude, cold shoulder and not even a god buy or thank you etc. I really wanted to say something to this woman, whoever she was (i think the owner's wife) but this review and not returning to the restaurant speaks for itself. Gordon and Kitchen Nightmares may be able to fix the restaurant and the food. They didn't fix her attitude!!