Ordered a house salad and mussels:
Salad consisted of iceberg lettuce, 4 cherry tomatoes and French fries on top.  Very bland and u satisfying at 
The mussels were ok -- served in thick, Parmesan cheese covered marinara sauce so no broth for dipping. Cold, stale bread was served on the side but was essentially inedible.  Ordered the dish because it was highlighted I the menu "award winning"....however it was mediocre at best.
Truthfully, the highlight of the meal was the wine selection and the fries...
Service was fast and cordial...
Would only return for a drink ... Maybe try a burger?Food was good but I think server 700300065 Amanda had better things to do than help the people in her area.Really, they deserve a 1/2 star.
Ordered the roast pork sandwich and crab fries.  The roast pork sandwich is supposed to be hot, but it was cold.  Further, the bun was not cut all the way through so I essentially had to rip it (plastic cutlery is not particularly effective.)  I told my server the sandwich was not hot.  She returns it with attitude and clearly the entire basket was thrown in the microwave.  The pickles were hot and so were the hot peppers.  I simply asked for fresh pickles and peppers.  The peppers I got were obviously from the bottom of the jar, all stems, seeds, and pith.  The sandwich is served with a side of greasy-looking dipping juice.  Had it been prepared correctly, I bet this sandwich would be an "average sandwich at an airport."
I am giving the crab fries a half star.  Though they are frozen, they were right out of the fryer, crisp and not soggy in any way and seasoned well with Bay.  The accompanying sauce is some flavorless white cheese sauce, and you get two.  The serving is huge ($6) and you cannot get half an order.  I ate about 10.
The server was busy, obviously they are understaffed.  Poor management, I suppose.  I had to stand up to get her attention to pay my bill since I needed to catch a flight.  She sucked too.  Poor attitude.  Don't take it out on the customers, lady.
Next time I am at this terminal, I will be Dionne Warwick and Walk On By.Food is great and I always grab to food and go to flight. Friendly and take care of passengers who are in rush to catch their plane. Recommended for everyone to stop by at this store.This is for Terminal E waiting for Frontier flight. Service is slow, crab fries are over-priced and overhyped. Think I got my sodium intake for the month with a quarter of a portion. Need more people servicing the bar and a little faster service in the kitchen. Would I come back? Only if other bars were closed.I made a random decision to stop for lunch after a flight.  My server was very quick and friendly.  I ordered the cheesesteak with peppers and onions along with the crab fries. The cheese steak bread was cold and slightly stale.  The cheesesteak and cheese was hot, which made eating the sandwich a little more tolerable....until I found a cellophane jar seal embedded in the meat and cheese.  I assumed it came from the jar the peppers were dispensed from because the peppers were cold too.  Fries?  Cold.  The dipping sauce for the fries was decent, but overall, I was very disappointed with my meal.  I think if the food was hot and the bread was warm, I probably would have enjoyed it, but almost gnawing on plastic was a deal breaker.Stopped in on a long layover. There were plenty of seats available and three waitresses tending to customers but I had to wait for about 10 minutes before my waitress came to take my drink order. I then had a very long wait for my drink and all I ordered was an iced tea. I ordered my food and waited a very long time again for it to show. I ordered onion rings for a side and they never showed up. When I was ready to pay the bill and asked that the rings be removed from the bill the waitress was suprised that I did not want to continue waiting for them??????? It will be a long time if ever before I visit this place again.Had high expectations of this place. I was severely let down. First off the water taste like sewage. Bartender told us the crabby fries were amazing! However...they were just fries sprinkled with old bay and cheese sauce. Stay away from the crabby fries. Got the $27 lobster roll...I have to say it was by far the worst sandwich I have ever gotten. No flavor. The lobster was definitely not fresh at all. Worst $40 lunch I have ever had. Stay away from this place in the airport. Gross.It's better than most airport food. I have never been to their "real" location, and only eaten at the airport ones. It's decent enough. My husband and I will normally split a wrap or sandwich of some sorts, and get the crab fries (which are so good). The beer is always cold, and the staff have always been friendly. Definitely one of the better options to go and sit down and eat at.Horrible cheese steak!!! The crab fries were pretty good but over all just bad. The service is sub par, but it is at the airport, so I get it.SALTY.  They might as well just serve salt licks here.
I had a layover and thought to grab some food to go.  Huge mistake to stop at Chickie's and Pete's.  Everything here is salt overload up the wazoo.  If you want to toss out most of what you buy or if you suffer from extreme salt deficiency, go here for sure.
The crab fries were inedible because whatever seasoning they use is 99% salt.  The cheesesteak was dry and salty.  After two bites of the cheesesteak and a few nibbles of fries, I tossed it all and bought a sandwich and large drink (a must after the attempt to overwhelm me by sodium overdose) over at Chick-Fil-A.  At least there were no surprises there.I ordered their famous crab fries and philly cheese steak. I honestly think it is over rated. The crab fries tasted like regular fries and the cheese sauce was way too artificial tasting for my liking. It was incredibly thick and I felt sick after eating a quarter of the fries (probably should have shared it with someone). The cheese steak was good for an airport quality food, but it was nothing compared to what is actually served in Philly.Good place to sit and wait in the Philadelphia airport. Food is nothing to write home about. Draft beer selection won't excite those looking for a quality craft beer. Food is on par with a Buffalo Wild Wings, microwaved and served.Waitresses had attitudes. Floors and tables were dirty. Food was okay. Went on a not too busy Saturday and was disappointed. I'll go elsewhere next time.This is the second time we have eaten at this restaurant. The bartender was terrible and couldn't remember her name. The burger my wife ordered didn't come out for about 30 minutes! Who cooks a burger that long? It was very well done and resembled a hockey puck. The burger my wife ordered didn't come with cheddar cheese so the cooks put American cheese without the bartender asking if it was okay. When my wife told the server the wrong cheese was on the burger, she copped an attitude. I will never eat at one of these restaurants again.Had a crab cake sandwich and fries before my flight. It was pretty nice. Very quick service. No complaints.Fun Fun place I like the hooray of the place I love the atmosphere it is good for us none sports fan if your other half loves sports both of you will like it Fries are to die for...This is the Philadelphia airport version of the famous sports bar.  Looks like a good atmosphere and friendly service.   Well set up for watching the game.  
My barbecue wings were absolutely amazing, the perfect combination of crispy, juicy, tangy, and spicy.
The nachos tasted good, but large and messy.  Not ideal when you are traveling.....with a baby.
There is a dark bar on one side of the hallway, and a well lit one on the other side.  They have a good beer selection and what looks like a great specialty cocktail menu!Crab Fries and Yuengling are as good here as they are at the stand alone locations. Not sure what more you're looking for from Chickie's & Pete's in the Airport. 
If you're from out of town and have never had Crab Fries & Yuengling I highly recommend grabbing some before your flight.Worst service ever. Waited 20 minutes for the waiter to come to our table. Never showed up. So we left the bar/dining area .went to counter to order our food to go and the cashier was on her phone we and to wait until she was done texting. Then someone facetimed  her and as the line got longer it was Luke we were all bothering her.
Owners need to have a cell phone policy. People are here to work not to be on. Their phones.
I will stop by here again.which is a shame because I have been here many times before.Very tasty crap fries!  Great place to chill out waiting for your plane!  Get the clam chowder!Grabbed food at Chickie's And Pete's while waiting for my flight at the PHL. Ordered the Bordentown Sandwich off the special breakfast menu.
Quality
Stuck in the airport for a good deal of time before my flight, I decided to grab breakfast. I visited Chickie's And Pete's as the nearby chains in the terminal were not speaking to me. I ended up ordering the Bordentown Sandwich, which was pork roll, scrambled eggs, and cheese sauce put on a massive sesame seed loaf of bread. It also came with a small pile of fries, one that seemed more like an afterthought than something that belonged with the sandwich. The sandwich was absurd with a hunk of eggs, two small slices of pork roll, and then a terrible cheese sauce. However, it was the bread that was two times too thick for the sandwich that made it a chore to eat. The fries meanwhile were the best part of the meal. Crispy and covered with paprika, they were tasty with some ketchup. All in all, I think this spot is probably one better suited for a beer than any food.
Quantity
The sandwich was massive, but way too much bread compared to the limited filling. Especially the pork roll, which was barely even  represented. Meanwhile, the pile of fries were very sad to look at.
Value
The Bordentown Sandwich came in at $9, which is expensive even for airport prices. They should consider offering a cheaper half sandwich option, because it is too much food for breakfast anyway.
Ambiance
This location of Chickie's And Peter's is found in Terminal E of Philadelphia International Airport. Most of the surrounding food options are popular chains, so I decided this local option would be more fun. The location has three sections. The first of which was a sit down restaurant area. Decorated in a sports bar fashion, this area was decked out in memorabilia and was pretty closed off from the airport. Made for someone looking for a change of scenery from the monotony that is the airport. Next to this section is a take-out window, which I used to order my food. It is just a small counter with a menu plastered up on a board above the stand. Then on the other side of the take-out window is a bar oriented area. It was not busy early in the morning, but this section was more open and gave a full view to nearby gates. Perfect for people who are worried if they don't pay attention they may miss their flights. Both sit down areas had multiple televisions showing sports channels, and both areas had bar seating available.
Crowd
I ordered from the take-out window that had several other customers in line. In the morning the bar section of the restaurant was very calm, but a good deal of people were eating breakfast at tables in the sit down restaurant part. On weekends I'm sure this is the hot spot, especially since it is one of the few bars in this terminal.
Service
The girl at the desk was fine, but clearly not excited to be at work on a holiday. My food came out relatively quickly, which is good for folks on the go.
Parking
It is located inside Philadelphia International Airport, so hopefully you already made plans for your vehicle.
Extra
I have relatively low expectations for airport eateries and Chickie's And Pete's did not change my mind. You are probably better off sticking with the standard casual chains over this spot for breakfast. However, if you are looking to have a drink and watch a game while you wait, this spot probably would be alright.First off, the food is fine. Nothing to complain about. As far as the service goes, it's terrible. Sat at the bar and whoever Andrew V is, is horrible. He didn't check on his patrons and when I needed something, he was nowhere to be found. What a clown.Horrible service. There were probably 5 people at the bar and 8 waitresses bumbling about. They watched me sit at the bar in anticipation for 20 minutes before I was able to flag anyone down. By then it was too late to order anything. I love their crab fries but what a disgrace. We should move to a fully tip-based wage to light a fire under some of these lazy bums.We sat at the bar waiting for our flight and the food was great and so was the bartender!  However, the gentleman next to us waited 25 mins for his order of mussels.  He asked to speak with a manger, who happened to be the chef, came out and basically blamed the customer for ordering the mussels.  He did apologize, sort of, but I have worked in restaurants for almost 15 yrs. and never seen a manager tell a customer that it was because he "only has 4 burners in the kitchen and everyone in the restaurant is ordering mussels. "  YOU'RE IN AN AIRPORT!!!!  If your dishes are going to take over 15 min you have an obligation to tell the customer because they just might have a plane to catch.Stopped in today for lunch. The food was terrible, and the server was absolutely the rudest person that I have encountered in Philadelphia. We had a party of four, the server never asked if we needed separate checks. When we got the check, we asked if it could be split. The server proceeded to throw a fit, saying that the manager would have to do it, and it would take fifteen to twenty minutes. When my coworker asked to have it split, the server jerked the receipt out of my coworker's hand and stormed off. When the server returned, we commented on his actions and demeanor he became even more rude and defensive. Three beers and a sandwich cost $50, and it was served with a side of bad attitude. I will never spend another penny at any Chickies and Pete's. Total garbage!A Chickies in the airport is always a perfect last stop before leaving Philadelphia. Crab Fries are the same as every other location. It's sacrilege to hate on them!
Be aware it is always packed. Service, especially when you're about to board a flight is slower than Ryan Howard trying to round first.The fries were GOOD  but the bartender wasn't paying attention to when  some one bought me a drink and I had to pay for it myself luckily one of the ladies next to me bought me one to make up for it and I was happy. But i should have not had to pay for it I don't think it's ok for them to have an attitude when u tell them either  It's an airport  though what do u expect mQuite possibly the worst food I've ever had in my entire life. We ordered the Chicken Philly (after a mediocre regular philly the last time we were there), and I don't know how whatever was put in front of us could pass as chicken! And the cheese sauce was absolutely horrendous! We had 2 bites and had to leave the rest, which was painful considering the price. Service was great however! Friendly staff and a good atmosphere for an airport bar/restaurant.Mediocre food and god awful service. Server didn't wipe our table down until we asked, not to mention we had to
Clear the crap the previous patrons had left on the table -- they weren't even busy. Tw wrong drinks came out and we never received at least one item we asked for several times. I've honestly never seen such incompetent wait staff. Food did not compensate.Deserves 5*s, except for not offering a side order of fries with sandwiches (the baskets are too much and a waste for 1-2 people also ordering something else). Matt is an excellent bartender (outstanding service and sense of humor) and makes a perfect Lemon Drop Martini! And no matter which C&P location I visit, you can never go wrong with the Italian Chicken Cutlet Sandwich. Yuuuuuummmmmm!I don't think there are enough Chickie and Pete's Yelp listings in the airport. With that being said, this review is for terminal e.
Bar and table seats are seat yourself. It only took about 5 minutes of waiting before we could snag a table. Pro tip: you can't hear flight announcements further back in the restaurant. If that's a concern, sit towards the entrance. 
Our server, Jared, is my real reason for this update. He seemed more polished, professional and pleasant than most other airport servers I've encountered.
I struggle to eat healthily at Chickie's, but he let me modify the Signature Wrap so I essentially ended up with a buffalo chicken wrap with grilled chicken. 
The beer list is blah and the wines are pricy, but you gotta do what you gotta do in the airport. Especially if your flight is delayed.
The Chickie's in terminal e was not a bad place to grab a bite and throw back a few beverages during my recent flight delay.I got off a flight and my ride told me they were going to be an hour late. I was annoyed, and I wanted some shrimp. I had a decent shrimp dish from other Chickie's and Pete's in the past, so I decided to take a risk on the "Hot Shrimp: Airport Edition."
To my surprise, it was no different than the other locations. The shrimp was cooked well, and the bread loaf was fresh and delicious. 
Biggest downside? I planned to sit at the bar so I could get in and out fast and not take up a table. I sat there for about 5 minutes at a mostly empty bar, while a bartender wiped stuff off and chatted with a server, ignoring me. Then he walked over (unsurprised by my presence) and asked me what he could get for me. In a place where literally every single customer is in a hurry, why would they ignore someone. I have never had to announce my presence to any other bartender I have ever met. 
That was very lame, but the food came out quickly and it was good. If they can manage to make a decent shrimp dish, maybe they don't ruin other things. Take the risk!Food was pretty good, but the service at the to go counter left a lot to be desired.  Very slow with no sense of urgency or particular concern.Worst steak and cheese in America! Tasted like it came out of the dishwasher. Service sucked. Dark and loud. Very overpriced tooChickie's & Pete's, in general, could do a whole lot better.  I'm a local and grew up in Philly.  This place is kind of a disgrace.  We have much better food and fun in this town than this place reflects.
Chickie's has gotten cocky.  They have a bunch of locations now but most of them suck.  This airport location in Terminal E is no different.  Super cramped.  I was at a table where I had to hunch under a shelf of old beer cans on display.  My head kept hitting it.
There was a 5-10 min line just to be seated, the staff was inattentive.  They got my order wrong.  I asked for a chicken cheesesteak and got a regular steak.  It wasn't cut in the middle, more like at the 25% mark, and both sides of the roll were open.  Um, how am I supposed to keep the meat in?  It also came with a fork & knife...what?!  It's not a fine steak dinner...it's a sandwich!  Even better, they gave me a plastic fork & knife that looked like metal.  There weren't even fried onions on the steak.  What kinda place is this?  
My finished food sat at my table for an unacceptable amount of time...probably 15 give or take.  It's an airport, where you need to catch planes.  Do you want people to have to get up and skip on the check because you won't come to the table?
Chickie's, over the past few years, has let me down.  I'm gonna say that it almost, flat out, sucks...but it's not at that point yet.  Just a small step above.  Maybe it just kinda blows a little bit instead.  Their food isn't even really that good.  
Oh, and a Sam Adams tall was $10.25.Not great airport food. Philadelphia International Airport has a very poor selection of restaurants. Stopped in for a sandwich and a drink. Got a classic burger. They only  have provolone and American cheese. No cheddar.Slow service - understandable but ordered fries after sandwich came out and they didn't come for 30 min yet the table next to me got them in 10.  Ordered a cheesesteak and the bread was so dry it fell apart in my hands so I ended up having to eat the meat alone with a fork.  I sure won't be coming here again for food.  Atmosphere is good so if you just want a drink it's a great place and TVs and music were good to pass time.I have been here twice now and have had terrible service. Waitressing have attitude. Bartender dropped the water off and her braids were dangling in my food. Food and drinks take FOREVER!!!! I will not come back again.I'm from Atlanta and I've never heard of this place. Walking by I caught a glimpse of someone's food and it looked good so I decided I've give it a shot. "Can't be too bad for airport food" I told myself. I was so surprised at just how good the crab fries and cheese steak nachos were awesome! I can't wait to fly back to philly to try this again!!!!Worst version of a philly cheese steak, we knew the airport was not the best place , but this was really bad..So I have been here many times, and I have to say, there is one young lady that I have to commend! Her name is Tanya and she works in the bar. She always has a smile on her face and is happy to greet every customer no matter how heck the situation is. 
Like I said I've been here many times, and never have I met such a positive person who is passionate about what she does. Just wanted to give her kudos!
Had the snow crab tonight, and most of it was awesome, till the last three pieces... It was mushy, and I'm sure because it was previously frozen. Also had the hot roast beef sandwich to accompany! 
Should have ordered the crab fries, as they are awesomesauce!! 
Great place to wait for your flight!!Wow I sit down while talking on the phone and the bartender comes over, Interupts my conversation asking what I want to drink. I pause and say I'm good for right now (was going to order when I got off my call) and he goes on a rant about "I don't go over and take up space in your living room do I, I'm trying to make a living here"  How are you in a customer service job? Go where they appreciate your business, not here.One of the worst customer services ever. We waited almost half an hour to get a menu (it was not even crowded). Very rude waitress. She brought our check right after we ordered our drinks and did not even ask if we need anything else. Never coming back.The crab was really good, but the service was painfully slow for an airport restaurant.Pretty good for airport food! Ordered a few drinks, mussels in red sauce and the crabbiefries (I think thats what they are called?). The fries are amazing, so amazing I just could not stop eating them- then I looked down and had demolished about 80% of the basket alone. YIKES. 
The service was slow, but it was because there wasn't a lot of help, when we did get the waitress she was super kind and treated us great.We usually go to the south Philly location, but didn't make it this trip. Great to know they have a location in the airport. Chicke and Pete's is a definite must stop when in Philly!! You will beak your diet but the fries are to die for. Bittersweet that Chicago does not have a location... I would be there weekly!!Cold food and even colder service. I'm sure not everyone likes to work in the morning, but don't be a "jerk" (putting it nicely)!  Service at the bar was the slowest I have seen anywhere....and mind you there were only a handful of people in the entire restaurant. First time in my life I have ever left very little tip....feel bad but she didn't deserve the little that I left. If you can.....skip this place and save your money!We stopped in here for a drink and a sandwich while waiting for our flight to New Orleans in the Terminal C location.   We shared a pork roll and egg on a hoagie roll with some fries.  It was standard fare, nothing exceptional. We had a drink each.  I went to the bar to order another, and after 10 minutes wasn't served...no one came to wait one me and I couldn't catch the attention of the original waitress/bartender who took our order..... Oh well. Probably didn't need that 2nd drink anyway.  Standard pricey airport fare. Drinks and food are outrageously priced for a captive audience. To be expected.Good spot for an airport bar. I will always remember the first time I tried these "World Famous Crab Fries." It was at this bar...and the cravings took off from there. From looking at other posts...service seems to be a problem...I guess I had a little special treatment for being in military uniform, but the bartender took care of me and my buddy! First round was on the house, and the next few drinks were on us, but usually bars give you this small glass...here we had tall glasses! The prices weren't too bad either...you should expect to pay a little more at the airport. I was pleased...and if I come through Philly again...I'll be sure to grab some fries and a mixed drink!Clutch, go to place when you have down time at the airport and are looking to make your tummy happy. Service is not lightning fast but once you order the food comes out fast.  Always get the crab fries if your other food isn't great you'll have the fries to fall back on. I'm partial to the chicken cutlet sandwiches - another Philly sandwich that doesn't get as much press as the cheesesteak and I don't know why.  This time I got the Hot shrimp -peel and eat. Sort of like a New Orleans style barbecue shrimp but on a smaller scale and not as spicy. Comes with cocktail sauce and a half a loaf of sesame seeded Italian bread. Very good.You may have to go to this place if you are in terminal E if you want a drink with lunch or dinner, but if you have a choice keep away. The food at this place is absolutely terrible - I had dry chicken sandwich and my wife had a awful Philly cheesesteak. To make it worse there are pictures of the tool of an owner with celebrities plastered all over the wall like this place is the place to beGood bar food, great to watch games while waiting for plane.  Mixed drinks are much better deal than beer, cost wise.I don't know if it's just that people in Philly are generally rude or this is the worst airport in America, but the service here is pretty awful. 
Food was good, beer was cold, it's an airport bar so it is what it is but in 2 locations, 5 different bartenders and/or waitresses were disgusted I asked simple questions trying to figure out which one of these was open late enough to watch the football game while I'm waiting for a delayed flight. 
If I had another option right now I'd move.The airport mussels suck big time
They are so delicious at Parx
What gives?
Waitress should learn how to smile
I'm stressed enough with a delayed flight
Too bad it's the only bar open in terminal  ESupposed garlic roast beef wrap was sandwich meat wrapped in a tortilla, though portion was huge thus the 2nd star.
A hamburger arrived 25 minutes later so def not a place for anyone in a hurry. Seasoned fries could be dipped in cheesewhiz. Unless u need a dark pub setting, go elsewhereI know, it's airport food.  But this was less then airport food.  I got a burger and fries.  It took 15 minutes.  This was the 'to go' area. I know that because they wouldn't let me bring it into the actual restaurant proper.  The burger was a warm patty with a piece of cheese on a cold/frozen bun.  Borderline inedible.  The fries were a huge vat, so salty they actually WERE inedible.  I literally could have asked my father in law to save me a salt lick from the farm and then have taken a bite.  That bad.  Go anywhere else but here.We flew into Philadelphia International for layover before heading back home to San Diego. As soon as we landed, our first mission was to get the lowdown on the best cheesesteak in close proximity to the airport. The airport staff, airport concierge, and locals unanimously pointed towards Chickie's and Pete's.
I would like to say that I'm used to an overstuffed cheesesteak, but the one at Chickie's and Pete's was pretty much on point. I got some peppers on mine just to add a little more moisture to the sandwich because it was a bit dry. Definitely go for the combo fries because the cheese dip and sweet glaze dip they have with it is amazing. What killed me the most was not being able to have a pint with my meal. Staying in Europe conditioned me to the pint and meal deal, but here I am in my home soil, with no pint... 
Final Verdict: a good stab at getting a good cheesesteak if you're not able to make it into the city before your next flight.Found Chickie & Pete's right across from my gate (C31) so I stopped by to have a few drinks and a light meal prior to catching my flight. They have 8-9 beers on tap, most of them domestic junk plus some Heineken and Amstel - nothing fancy. Beer is priced at about what youd expect ($5.50/pint or ~$9 for the larger glass). For food, I had the mussels in their garlic white sauce. The sauce is more of a garlic butter sauce than what I think of when someone says "white sauce" but it was tasty and they provide plenty of bread to dip it with as you're eating the mussels. The mussels themselves were okay, nothing special but you get a pretty large portion for $12, which is fairly reasonable considering the overpriced atmosphere of most airport dining establishments. Service was polite throughout. Overall a decent but unremarkable experience.Greasy food, good service, slightly exorbitant prices. The place can do better but relegated itself to airport food and bar. I was so looking forward to the Philly Chicken but it was too cheesy / greasy. 
Also, the $7 for potato fries definitely is ridiculously high, and to call them Crab fries is definitely misleading. I think I will skip them the next time I am in Philadelphia.My first mistake was taking food advice from a pilot holding a sbarro carton - he said a good cheesesteak was to be found here.
No.
No wiz, no provo, no onions. Overcooked flavorless meat smothered in a cheese like substitute. Disgusting.Poor service. Bartender forgot my water and ate and gossiped in the back the entire time. Basically ignored us. I got the salad with steamed shrimp. I was hoping for fresh steamed but these were old and dry. Also had some cold fries thrown on top of it. Crab fry bisque was meh as well. Bud lights were the highlight of our time here. Step your game up chickies I'm usually a fan!Stopped here during a long layover at PHL airport. The cheesesteak was a huge disappointment as it had so little meat I barely knew I was eating one. The roll was huge and there was a lot of sauce through which I could not even taste the small amount of meat therein. The crabfries were basic (lightly seasoned crinkle fries with sides of dipping sauce), and as such, overpriced, even for an airport.Woof. This place is the pits. I blame our hunger for giving up and settling on this dump. 
We ordered some sweet potato fries that were ok. But obviously frozen. 
Then our entrees came. I ordered a salad with shrimp. They came still frozen. Not ok.  That's when we asked for a manager. It took 15 minutes for someone to notice we were trying to flag someone. 
They took our entrees off the bill and we headed elsewhere. 
Airport food is terrible and they took it to a new low. Please do your self a favor and go anywhere else.If you can, I highly recommend that you do not eat here.  Well... you can, but it may be disappointing depending on what your expectations are.  I thought it would be decent after reading the reviews, but I was still left feeling like I was ripped off.  The crab fries seem to be what drew me in.  I had never had or heard of crab fries.  It was huge, and expensive... and just fries with cheese sauce... mediocre cheese sauce.  
The BF and I shared a sandwich too, it was decent.  Perhaps I would not be so depressed about this place if we just stuck with the sandwich... 
Ok.. so you can try it... just don't get the overpriced fries with cheese sauce.  It is nothing to write home about.Chickie's and Pete's blows.  Their food is basically the same as at Hooters, only tastes worse.  This is a good spot to binge on light beer on tap and watch a Phils or Flyers game, but don't go there hungry or you will settle for less.I'm not impressed. The owner required his waitresses to pay "Pete's tax" from their tips. Sad. It's not like waitresses make a lot of money. Otherwise there are chicken wings are good.My fiancé and I stopped in here before heading off to Chicago. The bartender wasn't overly inviting. The drinks weren't too bad. I ordered a Bloody Mary and asked for it to be spicy, which it wasn't, but it still had good flavor. The breakfast itself wasn't too bad, but could have had more. The prices for 3 drinks and 2 meals was around $37. I would suggest going to the actual place near the airport.Hope you're not in a hurry... Plenty of lunch time business and completely understaffed. The bartender is so busy ignoring you and cleaning and running around it may be awhile before you get a drink. Might be wise to have a bartender who actually tends bar.I don't think it is the most bogus place. I wish I would have went somewhere different. The beer selection was not great. They did have Hop Devil on tap, so that is an alright beer. I always think, "Hell, I may die on this plane ride, so I might as well make a few dumb choices including spending $9 on a decent last beer. The remaining funds in my bank account would be shared by my family, so in all reality, one last $9 beer really is not a bad deal."Pretty good bread and an okay cheesesteak, despite a house made but not very exciting cheese sauce (and the fact that they also offer you peppers and mushrooms).  Crab fries are typically generic frozen fries with seasoning added but it's ridiculous that they only offer an extra, extra large size which means they're extra expensive and most will get thrown out. Service at the bar today was atrocious, truly about the worst I've seen in a long time and she gave the same horrible service to pretty much everyone. The A terminal "international" section is devoid of good dining options, but I won't return to Chickie & Pete's in the airport if I can avoid it.Was horrible experience.  Our visit was on 4/3/15 with a party of 5.   The mussels used to overflow on bowl.  The mussels were even with top of bowl and only approximately 1 inch of juice in bottom.  We will never go again.  I have tried from multiple phones to write my bad review on their website shocking it never goes thru.  No stars if u had minus stars that's where I would be headed.The clam chowder satiated my hunger after a long flight across the country. It wasn't the best nor the worst, but the plastic bowl and spoon didn't make the meal more pleasurable. Having been located in the airport, I'm sure tacky silverware would adhere to security standards, but part of eating out is really about the experience.Just ok, but I think I missed the right stuff on the menu.  I was at the airport and got some chicken wrap that was good, but not really great.   I think it was airport fast food they were slinging out of the side door.  Bar looked packed, bet the drinks were good and a sit down meal could have made it better...next time.Service was pretty bad in that I only saw my waitress 3 times each after waiting and looking around a bit - waiting for a menu, waiting to order, (someone else brought my food) and then waiting for the check.  The place was pretty much empty - I think she was just busy talking to her buddy.  Food was mediocre.  Not much choice at PHL, but I'll go elsewhere next time.I'm giving this place only four stars because it's way expensive more so than usual. 
I mean I love chickie and Petes and get it whenever i come home but the airport prices are almost as bad if not worse than boardwalk prices.Good sports bar with lots of TVs. Crab legs are very good. All your favorite bar food and then some. Was surprised at the low reviews. A friend insisted on coming here and am glad we did.Came here for the breakfast! Philly cheese steak for breakfast?! Heck yeah! Plus they serve it with their crab fries! The only thing missing is the side of cheese sauce!It was my own fault for not reading the reviews before coming to this place. Read through the menu and was excited about crab fries assuming they had crab on them. They did not... just fries with seasoning on them for $6.50... and I wanted some protein. What a fail...I realize they're not known for their breakfast but this was just awful. The pork roll had barely hit the grill, the roll fell apart and was stale, and the fries had to have been from yesterday. Don't waste your time or money here in the morning.