So I had the brilliant idea of making a reservation for a good friend and myself on a Sunday evening at 6:45. When we arrived we were told that we would be seated about 20 minutes after our reservation time. The place was jammed packed, but i did not expect to wait an hour and fifteen minutes before we were seated! 
When we sat down, the waiter, a very young man, was pretty short with us. He served us cold sides, and then disappeared. Each and every waiter in the place was on their cell phones. I even noticed that his cell phone was in his hand as he refilled my water. A refill I had to ask no less than five times for! Here is the kicker. I went to the bathroom and there was not a single sheet of toilet paper nor was there soap!!! SO GROSS!!!!!
It's a shame, though,as the food was actually pretty good. They just need better management. I.e. Someone who is there and actually watching to see that his or her staff isn't doing their job. 
So not worth the money, trust me.This review solely based on their foods, drinks and services that they gave during my friend's wedding party.
First was the drinks/bar. It was good. Love it. Even though the situation was getting quite hectic, but I applaud those bartenders. They didn't get upset or anything. They served everyone quickly and without complaining.
Then comes their salad bar. They have good varieties. (I didn't go to Fogo yet. So I don't know if Fogo's salad bigger or higher quality or whatever. What I ate over there at Chima was good)
Next was the main menu. The meats. Don't judge me. That was the first time I ate at a brazilian steakhouse. The way things work was new, and I found it pretty neat. Their meat is delicious. I love it.
Excellent service too!
Overall, it is a new and satisfying experience for me. I'll be back for sure.technical review is 3.5 stars...  
went here for restaurant week... for $35 all you can eat is a great deal.  They give you a little card that you can flip for "go" or "stop" as the guys in pirate pants bring around meat on sticks.  i kept mine at go because i wanted to try everything!  there were definitely favorites and not-so favorites... 
LOVE:  the hugely stocked salad/soup bar.  great for getting started and all items were a nice compliment to the meal. 
LOVE: the appetizers that come to the table in tiny dishes.  i think potato puree, some kind of spherical meat thing(?) and something else.  all were AWESOME. i could have drunk the potato puree from a pitcher it was so tasty.  
DON'T love: my BF wanted to save room for the meats, and didnt eat much of the side dishes or salads... needless to say he was very sick the next morning and had to call off work. not sure if it was the lamb (we all thought it was a little funky) or if it was just too much meat for one person. 
LOVE:  the parmesan pork. my fave.  
DON'T love:  the bacon wrapped filet was under impressive. 
this place doesnt include dessert in their rest wk. menu... we did get coffee and desserts but they were a little high for what it was. i wish they had a coffee bar similar to the salad bar that was included in the price.  now, Chima is always all you can eat, i believe the normal price is $50/person. i would not pay that much for this place.  if you want to go, try it for restaurant week.I ate at Chima for the first time a month ago, and I think I'm still full. It was my first experience at a Brazilian steakhouse and my husband and I really enjoyed it. What's not to like about men coming around to serve you unlimited cuts of delicious meats? 
The atmosphere was bustling, but not distracting. Our server was running around like a crazy man and left us for a bit too long at the end of the meal, but he was very friendly. I don't even remember what types of meats I ate, but my only complaint was that the filet was very salty. I really enjoyed the sides, especially the fried bananas, which were amazing.
Now here comes my #1 issue of the night: the wine list. Very expensive. I was perusing the list at the bar while we were waiting to be seated, and seeing nothing less than $12 or $14 a glass. So I asked the bartender if they had a house pinot noir, which they did. Silly me for not asking what the price was -- it was $14! I've never ever been anywhere where the house wines were as much or more than other options on the menu. It's not even about the extra couple of dollars, it's just the principle.
Anyway, overall it was a thumbs up. I wouldn't rush back there as it's too indulgent to do very often, but I'm sure I'll go back eventually.Awesome cheese puffs & whipped potatoes. Great salad bar options; plus meat for days!Service is immaculate. If there's a cut of meat you want just ask and they will bring it. They are a step above fogo in my opinion for several reasons. 1)Free parking. 2)They have fish and other cuts you'll never get at fogo. 3) The tables are more spread outThe food was absolutely delicious. I was stuffed! All of the meats were cooked well and the wide variety of sides made the delectable food even more appetizing.  Love!One of the best all you can eat meat restaurants in the city, just make sure you are willing to spend over a hundred bucks for a table for 2Good Food, but Not Worth the Money
Chima is a Brazilian steakhouse, which means everyone pays the same price for dinner and you can eat as much as you want. You are seated at a table, and a waiter comes over to see if you want any drinks to start (the drink menu is on an iPad). Then he/she directs you to the salad bar to start. Then you flip over a car on your table indicating that you want meat and waiters come by your table every few minutes with long skewers of meat to ask you if you would like some and if you would like a piece that is more on the rare side or more on the well side. Below is some more detail on the salad bar, meat selection, atmosphere, and price. 
SALAD BAR: 
The salad bar was surprisingly expansive. They have everything from arugula salad, to salami and cheeses. They also had some fresh asparagus and beets, rice, and an assortment of cheeses. Everything was good but I would suggest not filling up on this stuff because the meat is where you get your real value. 
MEAT: 
The meat here is really the best part of the meal. The waiters walk around with different cuts of different meats and you can tell them if you would like some or not. There is a picture and description of each meat at your table so that you know what you're ordering. I thought the leg of lamb and the top sirloin were the two best. Everything is really nicely cooked and you leave the place pretty filled up. 
ATMOSPHERE: 
The scene here was probably not what you would expect from a Brazilian steakhouse. It is located in a very business-centric area and there was a pretty big crowd at the bar for happy hour (You can hear the music from the dining room). Everything about this place is modern and the tables are spread out so that you don't really hear your neighbors. But for me, it lacked any sort of charm. Not really a foodies' ideal place (even though I wouldn't say I'm a foodie myself. 
PRICE: 
This is the biggest problem with Chima and I why I couldn't give it anything more than 3 stars. Dinner costs $54 each! I don't care how much you think you can eat, you'll never make up that cost.  I came here with a gift certificate for one dinner and paid for my partners' food. If I didnt have the gift card, it would have never been worth it. If you dont have any gift certificates you are looking at a bill of over $70 each after tax and tip (not including drinks). With Philly being generally such a well priced city, the prices here don't feel worth it.Best meal I've ever had in my life.  Even days after the experience I am still raving About Chima and craving another visit.Lots of mediocre meat for a lot of cash. The coupon thru the end of august made the entire meal digestible.
If you ever been on cruise ship, this is it. From the decor to the gobs of mediocre food, this is a cruise on land. The only thing missing was the band and the rocking back and forth. 
Fago is better but Capital and Palm are hands down better than both. who needs all of the excess food anyway. If that is what you want, go to the Chinese Buffet on Columbus Blvd for a lot less.I went for Restaurant Week in Philly, and for a huge three course meal (including a salad bar) it was only $20 for lunch ! It's a great chance to try their food, at not such a huge expense. I would definitely go back and pay the regular price. The salmon with pesto sauce was so tasty and well Season ( I got mine cooked well done), and the creamy mash potatoes were delicious. It also came with a huge piece of chocolate cake. Amazing fun and great service!The food was great, but the service is why I am giving 3 stars. If they seat you in the back be prepared for a long wait or servers running out of meat because they served it to the tables closer to an entrance first. There were two parties of 5/6 right at the entrance of the room and all the meat was gone by the time they remember our party of 2 in the back. I would recommend getting a table closer to an entrance/salad bar if you are planning on visiting.Really bummed they closed for lunch on weekdays. I very much enjoyed the salad bar as a quick lunch option.the space is huge and beautiful. love the fire behind the bar. it was cold and crappy out. when we got inside it was so toasty warm and cozy. went for some meet n greet with our running group. they had aps for us set up in our own area. my friend and i were early. we went to the bar first. we were greeted with amazing service. jason behind the bar was soooo friendly and helpful. they gave us some foods to nibble on while we waited. they have $3 wines for happy hour. not the greatest grape. but what can i expect for $3. ended up getting a tasty bottle a little later. 
i cant speak about their reg menu. only the space and the service. i will def be back and send friends thru.Okay, I've never been to Fogo de Chao, so that means nothing to me.
I thought Chima was super fun and delicious. Let me warn you though: Having your card turned to orange (meaning you want more meat) is friggin' dangerous. Those guys in their little suits come around with huge hunks of meat on swords and they come flying. They're like vulchers in reverse. It's pretty awesome. I feel like they should have wheelchairs by the door to cart you out on after you've stuffed yourself full.
The bacon wrapped chicken and the lamb are my favorites along with the creamy veggie soup and the turkey spread.
A good time and great food. I dig it.Never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse so nothing to compare this to...that being said I thought the food was excellent and the service awesome. We had a drink first at the small bar and the drinks were fab. I would certainly return. Great experience.I've walked past this place a hundred times and was happy to finally try it.
They have valet on this busy JFK boulevard or you can park on the street.  Make sure you pay the meter enough money since the ticket agents stalk this block.
There is a nice bar area that would be great for an after work drink with a friend.
The main dining room is large and you can see many large groups come here to celebrate birthdays and such.
The meal comes with the salad bar.  The salad bar is amazing with a large variety to choose from including fresh mozzarella, rice and bean and salmon.  
There are plenty of choices of meats that come around to help fill your belly if you still have room after the salad bar.   I have to say I enjoyed everything except the Brazilian chicken.   It was a little hard for me.   There is a booklet on the table that shows you what is coming around.  I didn't notice it until after we were done.  Next time .. Next time...  
They bring an ipad around so you can see which dessert to choose.   It's a different concept but I guess they don't have to worry about dirty menus.
I had the Guarana drink which tasted like a cherry ginger ale.  I liked it.
We had dessert.  If you want something made onsite make sure you check the Brazilian items as some desserts are made offsite.   
I have to say we loved all our food and really enjoyed the atmosphere. 
They have a large selection of wine which you can see with the see thru the glass (see pics).
The rotisserie area has a see thru glass so you can see them marinating the meats and putting them to cook.  My son enjoyed watching the staff.
The staff was friendly and helpful.    
My two cons
  They really pushed the liquor (which I get) but it was to the point that it was a bit uncomfortable especially since I don't drink.
   They don't cater to picky children.  Kids are half price but it was still a waste my money.    He played on my phone the whole time and ate NOTHING!. It's annoying to pay $30 for a kid to eat nothing.    
 I wish they had a chicken tender meal or grilled chicken available for him.  
Will I be back?  YesThis is a great restaurant. The filet, house steak, and garlic steak are all very good. I went for restaurant week so the variety was limited. The fried bananas were also very good. The former salad bar was very tasty. The rice and Caesar salad was tasty. It was not too loud, so the atmosphere was pretty calm. The bathrooms were also nice.Not impressed at all, the 2 girls and the waiter for the tables were great I didn't like the hostess or her managers, they just kept staring at the table talking to one another like something was wrong which made me very uncomfortable. You can tell when someone is talking About you but what they should have been talking about was why they were still operating when the ac was not working right, the meals should have been discounted. The manager kept standing near the table and watching us until the bill paid, then poof he was gone no more to be seen that night. I will never come to this place again or recommend to colleaguesUsed to be a huge fan of Chima, but my last visit wasn't great.  To top it all the server brought the incorrect bottle of wine out and it was $200 way over the bottle we requested either he misheard or he scammed us. Will likely stick with Fogo when I'm in the mood for Brazilian.A friend and I wanted to catch some drinks and appetizers to end a very long day. We thought we'd try out the bar/lounge area of Chima. We were really surprised. First of all, Brian (our server) was extremely helpful in making good selections. He was attentive, good natured and a genuinely nice guy.
The happy hour specials were solid. 1/2 price drinks and apps. I had bacon-wrapped beef medallions and my buddy had pineapple/chicken skewers. We added several Caipirinhas and life was perfect.
We will be moving our office happy hours here.BFF's birthday, party of 5: Service was good by the wait staff. The salad bar portion was great, so many great things on the bar. But we also know, we are not here for the salad bar, amiright? Then comes the rodizio part of the meal which was in one word, blah... First off they just kept bring around the same... "chicken?"... and still, even after all "no's" from our table they just kept bringing more and more chicken. Again and again... REALLY? We asked several time for lamb and only came around once, not even enough for everyone at the table. I've been to other Brazilian places and have had much better meals with much better and more exciting choices of meats. I also feel that it was expensive considering we didn't even get our money's worth. Honestly, I had completely forgot about our our lackluster meal until I signed in to yelp and it reminded me to review! So in closing, it's kind of sad this part of the meal had been so poorly done, otherwise I would have given it a much higher rating because the rest of the experience was really nice. They even took a group photo of us, printed it out 5 x 7 and included it free of charge, which was a nice touch. I hope they improve their rodizio for others.My good friend was kind enough to pass on to me a 2 for 1 deal at this all you can eat meat fest. mmmm
First of all, I have to mention that it was VERY annoying to have to wait 20 minutes (yes, 20!!!!!) even after having made a reservation weeks in advance.  Seriously, people without reservations were seated much more quickly than we were .  We were about 5 seconds away from making a scene when we were finally seated.
Fortunately, our very nice waiter, Brian made up for our poor lobby experience.  The service was very attentive and accommodating.  We got 5 plates of the fried bananas, which are in several people's opinion, the best part of the meal.  YUMMY!!!!!  The rest of the food was very decent as well.  We tried (by our accounting) all 15 types of meats on the menu.  My personal favorites were the lamb chops and leg of lamb (no trend here hahaha ).  Some other favorites were the frank steak, chicken wrapped in bacon and ribs.
The "salad" bar was very good as well.  We enjoyed that everything was labeled so that we knew what we were eating.  This is all compared to Picanha, the other Brazilian steakhouse that we've been to.  Picanha has the reputation of being more authentic and a better bang for the buck.  Nothing I have seen discredits this.  Although there is a lot to be said for the cleanliness and the clarity of the menu and the labeling of the salad bar at Chima's.  I have to say Chima is a good experience if you can get it at a discount, but I personally am partial to Picanha's brisket and mmmm skirt steak mmmmm. *wipe drool* .  HahahaIncredible food. The Caiperinha was delicious. Highly recommend. Don't fill up on the salad bar before the meat gets to you. Also they bring you the less expensive meat first to save on costs, so if you want the better cuts like baby sirloin or filet mignon, wait for it, or ask a gaucho for the cut you want.Amazing. .. we arrived 30 min early and they 
Still accommodated us by seating us immediately. The service was impeccable.  It was fast friendly and clear instructions were given l on how to utilize the gauchos  (these are male servers who bring and carve the selections of meats to the table). But I'm getting ahead of myself. .. we started at the "salad bar"... this hardly describes the bountiful selection of unique salads including an endive blue cheese & pecan salad, cheeses,quality meats,  a seafood salad to die for and much much more.  The guality and freshness if all the items was most impressive.  Once we turned our coins over to acknowledge that we were ready to begin meat service the gauchos arrived fast and furious.  The selections were endless and flavorful and most cuts of meat could be cut to your liking. We all ended our meal with desserts,  I would recommend the passion fruit mousse with hot chocolate sauce. Overall. . Great dining experience for special occasions. .. EnjoyI have been coming here since  last year when  my friend took me to this place. I usually just Take the medium rare marbled steak .It's a great place for group casual dinners or so not so much on the romantic side in my opinion. They do have their on and off days sometimes they have good food and service sometimes it's just ehh. They do get rude at times specially when it's packed like I understand he stress but try to be professionalI had dinner last night at Chima and loved the food, atmosphere and experience. I haven't been to Fogo so I can't compare, but I've had my fair share of big city restaurant dining experiences and Chima definitely left a favorable impression.
The only thing keeping me from rating Chima a 5 is my lack of experience with Brazilian cuisine-- I haven't tried out too many other Rodizio places so I can't really judge if this is "as good as it gets".
Chima is a great first date place-- it's trendy but relaxed at the same time. It's fun to try out a variety of foods for just one price and the experience makes for great conversation.
Protip: Visit restaurant.com for a Chima discount gift certificate and save a few bucks if you're tight on money or plan to visit regularly and don't want to break the bank.Worst experience ever.   Worst service I've ever had.    Meat came around once every 10 mins.   Asked waiter 3 times to send someone over with food.     Forgot our drinks twice.   Complete waste of $500.   I will never go back and be sure to tell everyone not to go even if it's freeStopped here on Restaurant Week 2016 and it was pretty great! They gave a great selection of meats and poultry and the sides were just as wonderful! I also loved having the salad bar available all night as well. Definitely highly recommended!endless meat.... do i really need to say more?
much better than fogo, and cheaper.  try the brazilian beer... its pretty good. hint: skip out on the salad bar... it is really good, but don't waste your room.
make sure to print out a coupon online before you go!I guess this is rather unfair of me to review this place since I have actually been to the real "Brazilian/South American" steakhouses in our favorite continent to the South. With that being said, the meat was not all that impressive with the obvious cut being (& most rare to make the rounds) fillet mignon. Their only (& best part, in my opinion..) that makes it worth the expense is the salad bar. The selection & quality at the salad bar is unbelievable. I was more impressed by the salad bar then by the actual meat at an all-you-can-eat meat place. That's not such a good sign :\I ate here this passed Monday and I have to say is the best steakhouse in Philadelphia so far, the app bar is great the service is amazing and the meat is tenderlicious. Just don't ask for a specific expensive meat ( lamp chops) it might take a minute till you get it, other than that, everything else was great and I will be going backThe place is okay. It's a nice setting, but the food is mediocre. If you're trying to impress someone, take them somewhere is. This place is just a classy buffet with over priced drinks and food.We went to Chima during restaurant week. I was expecting a crowned, rushed restaurant with a loud atmosphere with tight tables and was completely surprised. We made reservations for 8:00 and were sitting down by 8:10 which was amazing. Tables are spaced apart, so i never felt as thought the people sitting next to use was ease dropping on our conversation. The salad bar is AMAZING! The food is even better. Our waitress was wonderful. She kept coming back to check us on and ask if there was any type of meat that we were still waiting to try. Dessert was amazing. I was so impressed! My experience was a 10 out of 10. I cannot not wait to go back!Words can't describe how wonderful this restaurant truly is.  Relatedly, I'm largely unable to speak when I'm at Chima, because I'm either salivating in anticipation of or enjoying the delicious wonders of this restaurant.  I've been to multiple Brazilian steakhouses in Philly and NY, and none can compare to Chima.  The variety in meat options is unparalleled, the hot chocolate cake makes me melt inside, and the waitstaff will treat you like royalty even during Restaurant Week.  Worth every penny, every time.Fantastic.  Waiter service (which pretty much is just to get your drinks, desserts and change your plate in between binges) is very fast.  The salad bar is PHENOMENAL, though very dangerous:  it is easy to imagine that no food could ever top this salad, cheese and carpaccio, but try to hold back on this course to prevent your stomach from bursting upon presentation of the meat.  In fact, it's a good idea to not eat for the entire day before coming to Chima for a late dinner (I'm not exaggerating).  The main course is to die for.  They have around 18 different types and cuts of meat.  The only drawback here is that the filet mignon is usually wrapped in bacon:  gross.  What is it with bacon these days?  Do we really need to put it on everything?Went with my husband for a date night two weeks ago.  Everything was great! Food was great, service was great, ease of getting reservations was great!  Also, offers a free valet service.  We will definitely be back.Orgasm in your mouth haha. Dont go there on Friday and Saturday tho. Too crowded and have to wait for a while for the meat!Loved salad bar. Quality and variety of steaks/grills are good too. Well-trained servers.Great location. I didn't have a problem with parking like I thought I would. We also had a twenty  dollar coupon from there website. The service was wonderful. 4 stars because the appetizers were not good.The food was very good, the servers were very informative for first timers. Will definately return!A great Brazilian Meat place
But I wouldn't put it on par as Fogo De Chao but in its own right it was great. 
The price difference is set for a reason, but food wise its great.
The meat is cooked well and the service is great. I always look out for the ribeye and the fillet mignon. Also the chicken is awesome. The sidebar always well-stocked with a variety of things that cut the richness of all the meet. I particularly enjoy the cheese and the asparagus. Also recommend to get the Brazilian ginger ale. I always make it a priority to get this because it's so good. There are moments when I got a piece of meat that was cooked more than I requested. But whenever I let the server know they would promptly change to another meet or get another server to come by. For someone who loves meat and it really hits the spot.Incredible service. Incredible. Never more then a second away and always there to assist. The food was also flavored well and cook to (your) perfection. Will certainly come back.There are two main Brazilian Steakhouses in Philly and this is one of them. Chima is on the corner of 21 and JFK and is a huge place (you can't really miss it). Inside is basically a couple large rooms with a huge salad bar (I would skip it personally.. it's wasted real estate if you know what I mean) with a modern feel. Staff excellent. Meat even better. It is pricey though so I would reserve this place for a special occasion.Restaurant week is the time to go. Great salad bar with variety. Only a few of the higher end cuts are excluded from restaurant week. Would return.I really like Chima. The service is always classy and attentive without being overbearing.  I don't eat mammals, but there is plenty for me from which to choose from the salad bar as well as ordering freshly cooked fish from their kitchen.  Absolutely delicious.  I do wish that they would add more choices for the salad bar, like Fogo has.  
 I also with they would have a wider variety of fish, instead of the usual salmon and tuna.  I would like to see them include any of the the following sustainable fish:  Abalone, artic char, barramundi, bass, branzino, capelin, sea bass, cod, smelt, sea bream, haddock, halibut, mackerel, mahi-mahi, mullet, perch, pollock, scad, seatrout, sturgeon, swordfish, tilapia and wreck fish.
  Their wine selection is excellent and their cocktails are always en pointe.All you can eat steak--- high quality meat--- fantastic salad bar--- great service--- hot Brazilian waiters. What more
could you want?
Don't go for restaurant week--- too crowded for them to staff adequately, and they don't offer the most expensive cuts unless you pay the normal price.We are from Chicago, so we're used to Fogo de Chao and Chama Gaucha. We see this place while driving by and thought "Lets try it." Fast forward to today, where we were glad to have come. 
First and foremost, the brazilian lemonade is AMAZING and you should definitely try it. The Summer Drinks are great too. My personal favorite cut of meat is the filet mignon. (Come on, who doesn't like filet mignon?) Its so juicy and tender and buttery to boot. Fried bananas are a little different from Fogo but amazing in their own right. Cheesebread is to DIE for. 
Finally, for dessert, we tried the chocolate coconut lava cake and it was the perfect way to end our dinner.
Our server, Carmen, was so attentive and utterly hilarious. She checked on us constantly, gave us tips on what to get, and was one of the best servers I've seen in a long time. The manager checked on us too, and was also nice. An overall great restaurant that you should definitely have a chance to experience.Brazilian rodizio type place.  Meats good and plentiful.   Service good.  However it's very expensive and overpriced,  at least for Philly.
  So wouldn't go back.OH Chima What Has Happened To This Place!!! 
I don't know what's going on with this restaurant, but service and Quality, has gone Way Down!!! Is it change in management or what???
Although the salad bar is great, people don't come to this restaurant to eat salad !!! The gauchos seem to be directed from the back corner manager as which tables to serve when , and when to stop serving particular tables. It is absolutely shady feeling!!!  
I have been here a ton of times and the last 4 times was absolutely sad!!!
First, you get your salad and start enjoying your meal with the apps that come to the table , the little rolls, beef balls , chicken salad and without even being asked and not even tasting them yet, they remove them without warning. I look around for a beef ball and they are gone... I ask the waiter and he says , "oh the appetizers " yes we took them and brought out the others , mashed potatoes, the fries etc.. so I told him to bring them back. It was as if it was a problem..,
Then as we are trying to enjoy our meal , it was like the gauchos again we're confused!!! Only asking some people in a party of 6 if they wanted the meat choices that were coming around. Not even going around the entire table.  Just weird... 
a lot of the meats were just not cooked properly... too done , tough file' mignon , etc...  and they just kept bringing this Parmesan Pork around like 8 times. Very little beef came around ... we literally had to ask for it , twice.... and one person in our party was asked what he would like and was told and waited over 20 min after telling 3 waiters the same thing. 
This place is no longer worth the time or money and needs to revamp its staff/ manager or whAtever the issue is here because too many people are saying the same thing. 
This will also be emailed directly to Chima restaurant management!! It's very poor service!!We tried to get reservations during restaurant week but they were all booked.  However the lady who answered the phone said we could have the same deal this week.  So we went on Monday.  Our reservations were at 5:30.  We met at the bar and tried their drink special of the day which was refreshing and strong. 
We were seated promptly at 5:30.  The place was pretty much empty at the time. Our waiter was extremely nice and our service was attentive.  The meat kept coming.  The reason we selected Chima over Fogo was one of the people I was with does not eat meat, and Chima offers swordfish and salmon.  I've been to Fogo 3 times, and I really couldn't tell any difference between the two places.
We all enjoyed our meal here.  I don't think I would go back and pay regular price at any time.  None of us eats enough to get our money's worth, but it was a nice, fun place to go with restaurant week prices.First, I would like to say I am huge fan of Brazilian Steakhouses. I have been to Fogo de Chao and Rodizio Grill, but Chima is by far my favorite. This is no exaggeration; I have been to Chima more than 15 times. For a while, this was my go to place for birthdays, bachelor parties, holidays (went there for Thanksgiving once) and just because the food and service was that good.
This place has something for everyone - a huge salad bar stocked with a variety of fresh salads, veggies and dinner sides, an extensive bar which carries some South American beers, and, course, a great selection of meats.  Two of my favorites include the pork and beef ribs, though the selection spans beef, pork, chicken, and selected seafood.  The staff is always helpful and they try to make your dining experience a pleasurable one.
I would recommend, taking your time and enjoying yourself and the experience. I often tell first timers to go in and take it slow. This marathon and not a sprint.Great food, good service and decor.  Good for a date or for a group but just make sure you are ready to EAT!  Went here for Philly restaurant week once, so we got a little deal.   (I think it was $4 cheaper pp).  Even then, it was still more pricey than other brazillian steakhouses I've been to.  I can try to understand the price if dining only for special occasions.
The salad bar and steaks were delicious and the place looks classy for an all-you-can-eat restaurant.  What really stands out is the salad bar that was well stocked.  I swear they had prosciutto when we went, and my hubby was all over it eventhough there were other things to eat.I have mixed feelings about Chima (and I'm mostly going to base this off of comparing it to Fogo de Chao). The glaring con is that every single piece of steak that I was served was wayyyyyy overcooked. I don't if it was the fact that we were there late on a weeknight (8pm seating) or what, but I ordered each piece medium and they were served totally brown and burnt straight through no matter what cut of beef. Given that Chima is a steakhouse, it's got to be much better.
The other meat types were more up to par. The lamb chops couldn't have been better, and the pork ribs were amazing. Also, the salad bar is definitely worth visiting even if youre there to stuff your face with steak; I think it's much better than Fogo's. There's a better variety of things up there, and the seafood salad is excellent. 
Overall, I'd love to give a better rating because of the lamb and salad bar, but you really can't overcook that much steak.Now, this is my favorite Brazilian steakhouse by far in philadelphia.  It is beautiful inside and the food is amazing.  Besides for the different cuts of steak they have, they also have a lot of fish and chicken options.  You definitely need to make reservations however.  They are always busy.  The salad bar is phenomenal.  Definitely try it out, maybe during Restaurant Week when it's $35  a person.To begin with, as is typical of any steakhouse, it is quite pricey for a simple night out. I went during restaurant week expecting that we were receiving a discount only to find there were hidden fees for selections we thought were included. 
The place is noisy and not conducive to conversation especially since you have a different waiter visiting your table every minute asking if you'd like a slice of whatever meat he happened to be carrying. This being said, there is a wide variety of different and delicious foods with emphasis on the different meats. Being the carnivore that I am, all the meats were tender and juicy. Just beware again, you have to be willing to pay extra for the good stuff (top sirloin, filet mignon). The salad bar was decent, but a limited selection compared to other steakhouses I've visited. 
Moreover, the decor is simple, but a little too crowded for my taste. And since there are so many tables, many times we had to flag down the waiter to get him to refill our water or we had to wait for him to get another slab of meat. You can't really blame the servers for they worked very hard to accommodate everyone but there were just to many people to manage.I just returned from dinner at Chima. We went on Valentine's Day so I expected it to be a little hectic and little bit pricier. It started out alright. Got our drinks. Wait staff was friendly. Things on the salad bar were too fancy or odd for my liking. We mainly go for the meat. That's where it all went down hill. My boyfriend and I flipped over our tokens and waited...and waited...and waited. In over half an hour, four members of the meat service team stopped by our table. During that time, I watched over six members of the meat service team walk right by our dining room area and not even serve a single table. I watched members of the meat service team serve tables around our table, but ignore our table. And one very special gaucho served my boyfriend in front of me and did not offer me any of the meat he was serving. I waited a little longer, hoping to get some service, but to no avail. At that time, I asked to speak to the manager. A blonde woman came over and I explained my frustrations to her. I told her that at that point, I honestly didn't even want to be in the restaurant anymore due to how upset I had become. She offered to comp our drinks and reduce our bill by charging me for "only the salad bar." After receiving our check and seeing the total was still $172.62, I was a bit shocked. I told our waiter that the manager told me that she would reduce our bill and charge me only for the salad bar. He looked the bill over and told me that the bill was reduced. Instead of $90 for the meat and salad bar, I was being charged $70 for the salad bar. I was becoming very frustrated and apologized to our waiter, telling him I know it's not his fault. He very politely offered to send the manager over. After about 5-10 minutes, and after seeing our waiter speak to the blonde manager I spoke to earlier, another person came over. This time a young man. He explained to me that my bill was already reduced and that the bill was accurate. I told him it was ridiculous. I explained to him that I had chosen Chima over Fogo de Chao for our Valentine's Day dinner and I was excited to come here, but after the service and the ridiculous cost for mediocre food and shitty salad bar and horrendous service, I would never come there again. The young man said that was fine, but that "unfortunately" the $70 was the price of the salad bar (which, by the way, I was told it was $70 for the fish and salad bar this evening). I will admit I dropped the f bomb a few times because I was so livid. We paid and left. We weren't offered the complimentary champagne that was part of the Valentine's Day package, btw. I liked the waitstaff, but the meat service and overall customer service of Chima in Philadelphia is an utter disappointment. I will not be visiting Chima in Philadelphia or any other Chima location again in the future and I recommend anyone looking into a Brazilian steakhouse seriously consider Fogo de Chao over Chima.We went last night for dinner to celebrate my son's birthday.  It was a great mix of meat, fish and vegetables.  The salad bar was top notch, which was a hit with me.  I like meat, but I also need my veggies.  They sat us on time, service and wine were good, and they served the birthday cake we brought.
The only suggestion I have is for them to please figure out a way to wrap scraps for people's dogs so they don't go to waste.  I know that people will abuse if you are allowed to take home at an all you can eat, but the waste is a shame.Probably 2 1/2 stars.
As I write this I have a 5 gallon jug of water handy. Why? Well, once you eat here with all the meat coated in salt you too will be drinking water, water , water.
Buffet is loaded with lots of goodies, but unless you want to pay $50 per person for salad then save room for the good stuff.
They keep bringing meat as long as you have room in your stomach. I guess if you're training for wing bowl this is the spot for you. The meats are very tender and, thanks to a ton of salt, they are all tasty. I really can't complain about the food , but there is just no way to get around all the salt.
Wines are pretty pricey, and we didn't have room for dessert.
Price without tip for the 2 meals and 4 glasses of wine came to $175 with tax, before tip. For that kind of money I would rather go to Smith & Wollensky or Barclay Prime.So.. restaurant week offerings are limited?
where was the baby top sirloin, filet mignon, filet mignon wrapped in bacon, rib eye, flank steak? 
Probably have to give this place another shot on a non-restaurant week day.If you are someone who LOVES to eat meat- than Chima is definitely somewhere you should come for dinner. At least once. If you are on a diet, this place is not for you. At Chima you come to eat..... ALOT! The dinner is a fun experience all together. First you stop by the amazing salad bar. With lots of interesting, gourmet selections to choose from. When you return to your table they have given you a chip, whih one red side and one green. When you flip this chip to green... Here come the meats! Guys that look like pirates stop by your table one by one with swords skewered with juicy meat. Just tell them how you like it cooked and they slice you a piece. Every cut of steak, sausage, lamb, bacon wrapped anything etc.. I tried was juicy and tender- cooked to perfection.  I know Chima is expensive but you definitely get your moneys worth in food. Yummmmmmmm!!Excellent service.  Usual wait time is less than one minute once you turn your card over. Salad bar is wonderful, but don't waste the food room...your paying for the wonderful meats. My favorite was the lamb and the salmon. You will live this placeI concur with John N's review from 5/10/11.
I've been to this place a few times, only because we had a bunch of coupons and I'm in a group that likes to visit brazilian steak house once every few months - strictly for the consumption of meat in mass quantity.
So, it seemed to be a cheaper alternative than fogo.
The food is good.  But, not great.
The atmosphere seemed ok - too industrial like.
The wait staff & hostess were super friendly.
Again, if you had to compare by food, and if you frequent brazilian steak houses only in a blue moon, fogo is a better option.This is an okay place for Brazilian food but I think a little overpriced.  I liked the salad bar as it had a good variety.  I loved the Parmesan cheese bread but didn't care for the breading on the fried plantains.  I liked the chicken and the filet mignon wrapped in bacon.  The lamb and the salmon were too dry.  And the croquettes were meh.  The waiters and waitresses were good and seemed a little disappointed when we didn't order desert.  And we never felt rushed.Anniversary dinner (during Restaurant Week- not too much of a discount, actually- $35 vs $44.50 - and they apparently have $20 coupons). 
Meats, as expected, were all very good, though noticeably salty (good excuse to drink :-)). Sides were just ok, except the killer fried plantains and the super-creamy polenta. Salad bar wasn't great - corn fondue and "white cheese" in particular. We didn't have dessert- we were nice and stuffed. 
Good service, even with a first-night server, though I needed to push my chip out extra far to get meats. Seemed a big see-and-be-seen spot, but still a pleasant place for an evening out.I dined here for lunch with a co-worker during restaurant week. It was my first time eating here and it will definitely NOT be my last! The service was really good and the salad bar was AMAZING!!! My ONLY complaints were the 1. The mashed potatoes, they were OVERLY smooth and there was something a little "glue-like" about them. I prefer that my mashed potatoes have...a little texture and chunk and maybe a little skin. They are after all..."MASHED potatoes," so...I don't really expect them to slide down my throat. When I eat mashed potatoes that are pureed to the consistency of cream of wheat, I can't help but wonder if they're instant, but...it could just be a preference thing. 2. The carpaccio on the salad bar...had absolutely NO FLAVOR. But with all of the other yummy options there...it wasn't that big of an issue. I just feel that if you're going to put up a dish, make sure it's good, or just leave it off. But I think maybe someone, somewhere realized it wasn't that great because when I went back up to the bar, it was gone and never came back out. 3. The grilled chicken that I chose for my entree was basic. It was literally JUST a grilled chicken breast...no sauce or anything. It was well seasoned and juicy though, so...I can't legitimately complain, I just thought it was a little boring. I'll know next time to order the salmon which actually IS served with a sauce. The chocolate cake was DELICIOUS!!! Overall, the meal was delicious and I had to unbutton the top button of my skirt when I left which is a sure sign of satisfaction, lol. I also liked the fact that I could eat out and have some healthy options available to me BESIDES just the proverbial tossed salad. I will CERTAINLY be back!I see that a couple dozen people have mentioned Fogo de Chao in their reviews of Chima and I can't help but do the same.  Fogo de Chao has set the bar for Brazilian style steak houses and that bar is set high.  Here's my quick run-down of Chima vs. Fogo.
Setting: Chima is very nice inside, but its more like a club type atmosphere and less elegant.  Still nice though.
Service: Great. Nothing special, but nothing wrong.
Salad Bar: Chima's is very different from Fogo's.  They have the basics like fresh veggies and cheeses, but then they also have hot foods like meats and rices.  My favorite part, and the part that I fell in love with about Chima is the variety of home made sauces.  They all have really nice and fresh flavor to them.  One in particular tastes exactly like A1 and was great with the steaks.  Huge plus!
Meats:  Almost the same selection as Fogo.  They taste basically just as good.  I don't know what but I just like Fogo's a little better.  The one part that Chima does have on Fogo is that they serve fish.  For many people this would be a huge bonus but I'm more of a meat man myself.
Dessert: Haven't gotten it, but with the money you save here opposed to Fogo de Chao you may be able to afford it and I'm sure it would be delightful.  
Overall this place is great.  The food is outstanding.  If you sign up for their e-mails you'll get discounted prices from 35-40 dollars a person for select nights.  Not bad.  That's about $15 less than the cheapest you'd get Fogo for.  
If you've never been to a Brazilian steak house, this would be a great place to start.  They are a tremendous experience and a great place to go and pig out.  Definitely recommend Chima, but know that you have other (more expensive, but probably better) options.Meat was alright but not worth the price tag. Some meats kept coming up way more than others.  Sides are meh. What really killed it was the service; at the end of the night, we paid in cash and gave a few dollar coins (thanks Patco, for giving me 15 or so as change). The waitress, Lauren, got an attitude and said that they normally round up the bill and don't accept "jingle jangle" change.  Anyway, the whole experience was underwhelming, and I actually left feeling upset at the service.  I would not recommend.  Plenty of other places to have a nice dinner for $100+ in the city.What else can I say from a guy who totally loves steak, but as much as he wants? That's what Chima is so good about is bringing in the authenticity of Brazil with their Gauchos making cuts on the meats.
I really love going with my family on those special occasions, and Chima is a great treat. Wonderful drinks for my parents to enjoy, but it's always a pleasure to come in for the meats, of course. Their selection from Ribeye, Top Sirloin (my favorite), Filet Mignon also wrapped in Bacon, and many of the others have the right amount of salt and seasonings to go into the overall taste makes me hungry for more. The salad bar is definitely worth getting to where they have salads pre-made such as the Caesar salad, and just some nice vegetables and fruit to add on right before or during the beloved steak feast.
The gauchos are definitely friendly and the give the right cook just as you ask and they never disappoint. My first time there I just thought too much about the steak, but having the gauchos be part of the customer service of the restaurant is comforting. The waiters a professional as always and they have that kindness that will always lead me back to Chima.
I love steak, and like I said, if you want excellent food with some nice wine selections and the steakDo you like endless amounts of Brazilian styles cuts of meat? Cause I sure as hell do. 
Came during restaurant week, which for $35 bucks is the best bang for your buck. 
We ate everything from flank steak to picanha to the salad bars. All the meats were juicy and have that fatty piece that makes the cravings even more high, where I'm dying for the next round of meats. The guys cutting up the meat come to the table and you can request how u like ur meat in regards to rare, medium rare, medium or well done. At the salad bar, they had smoked salmon, fresh mozzarella, creamy vegetable soup, prosciutto, and a long list of other great choices. Overall, the food was excellent and I'd definitely recommend. 
This place captures the dining scene of Philadelphia and the restaurant is located right off of market street, a great scene of the sky scrapers and it's not too far from attractions.
So your probably dying to hear...chima or fogo de chao? I'd say both are great and are very similar. Won't go wrong with either. I've had both and what separates each of them is just the names.Let me explain why the 1 Star. The service and food were really good. I was not crazy about the restaurant layout. It was ok. The Brazilian Steakhouse in Town Square, Las Vegas out shines by far. Dinner was great! There were 6 of us, and we valet parked. We arrived about 8pm and for three of our party guests this was a first time. Our tab including tip was $532.26. Which I don't remember seeing anywhere that they automatically add 18% when it is a party of six. And that's a shame, because we normally do 20% when we really like the service. Our Servers were great. (In the restaurant that is). As we were leaving I gave my daughter back her $100, which I folded and handed her trying to be discreet. She mistook the notion and handed it to the valet attendant. She assumed it was a dollar, each one of us was handing the attendant a dollar. This was not planned it just seemed to happen that way, even though he was already taken care of on arrival. We had given him a pretty substantial gratuity. We don't realize what happened with the $100 until the next morning. My daughter upset that she made such a mistake. We called the restaurant to explained to the manager what happened and hoping the valet attendant would be honest enough to  return the extra money! The manager told my us that the valet attendant said he never received $100 from us. That's really sad that he was not being honest. Needless to say, I will not go back and have told other family and friends about our situation and the outcome. So, sorry city of Brotherly Love, but I wish honesty could be added to that mantra! You get ONE STAR for lack of honesty. So I just told my daughter to think of it as a gift and perhaps this man really needed the money. We hope he put it to good use.So here's the deal.  We visited this place during restaurant week - yes, I understand that the crowd was probably much more than they were equipped to handle, but considering they do this every restaurant week, I would still expect better from them.  Our reservation was for 7:45 pm and we weren't seated until 8:10 pm.  OK, that's forgivable.  I'm not unreasonable.  We immediately headed to the salad bar, as we were starving.  Our "first course" of polenta, fried bananas and mashed potatoes didn't arrive until 25 minutes later.  Unusual, I thought, but they must be really busy (which they were).  However, come around 9:20 pm, we had only received two cuts of meat.  Interesting.  It also has to be noted that my husband is almost strictly a meat eater, so he did not fill up on the salad bar....so he was literally starving.  Finally around 9:50 pm, we complained to the manager that we'd only received 3 cuts of meat, despite being seated at 8:10.  She immediately went out of her way to make sure more came our way.  OK.  3-4 servers came rather quickly to our table.  However, after that, we again experienced long waiting times.  Ultimately, while I filled up on the salad bar, my husband left the restaurant mildly hungry (and he's not someone who eats a lot).  Given that it's restaurant week, but customers are still paying $35 a person, plus taxes, plus tip.  That's a lot of money, because our bill ultimately came out to $53 a person (regular dinner price is $54).  
Pros:  The food is good.  The waitress brought our dessert very quickly (also very good), a very kind manager who did her best.
Cons:  Terrible service, terrible "self-tipping techniques" (a VERY generous tip was automatically added to our bill, despite them not deserving it!), terrible wait times.
I've been to MUCH better Brazilian steakhouses.  Don't waste your money on this one.My friends & I were excited to get a chance to eat here since it was restaurant week. While we thoroughly enjoyed the food & left full, our servers left us not wanting to experience this place again & pay all that money for rude service. We had to ask several times for our plates to be cleared. My drink came out after my friends. They also didn't take time to explain the whole experience after we said we had never been there before. Then when we payed the bill & were chatting at the table the one server (who needed a lesson in friendly service & proper language) complained about the fact that we only left a 15% tip so loud that Me & another friend heard him. Sorry but the gratuity on the bill was suggested & we didn't feel that they deserved 18% tip since we had to get their attention 4 or 5 times during the time we were there. As a former server, it is your job to make the dining experience for everyone enjoyable & ours was just average because of the servers. However, the meat guys were way more friendly & I would have gladly tipped them the 18%! A one time dining experience I will not be experiencing again!-The service was  absolutely atrocious
-they sat us 45 minutes after our reservation time
-they didn't give us our side until we asked for them twice and they it came at the end of the meal 
-meat was subpar
-overall dinner experience was 2.5/10Went during restaurant week. It just felt like they were trying to up-sell you to buy the full experience the whole time. Restaurant week deal wasn't as good as in years past. That experience was disappointing but as always the meat is delicious and salad bar is soo good.Meh. The service here is awful. Granted, we came on father's day but still, the service shouldn't have been as bad as it was. It took 15 minutes to get drinks and when the meats finally came around, the same kind of meat kept coming by. I had to ask the waitress to send the guy with the fish over to the table, and it still tool him 15 minutes to come by. The rest of the people in my party kept having to ask for the specific meat they wanted because some stuff just never came around. The salad bar was ok, it had a lot of selection to go with the food. The dessert, however, were subpar. You could definitely tell they were not handmade. I've been to other places like this before, so I wasn't impressed with the sword service like I'm sure some people are. There are plenty of other much better places to spend 50+ dollars at in Philadelphia.Had an excellent time here - was with a large group (10+) and had awesome drink service/suggestions, never once felt rushed, and realized on our way out we'd been there for 3 hours. 
Would absolutely recommend this to anyone looking for a fun dinner with a large group. Or if you like LOTS of meat. Best were the top sirloin and the bacon-wrapped fillet. MMmmmm....This restaurant was amazing. For $35 each we got unlimited amounts of nine delicious meats, including a fantastic sirloin. There were also unlimited appetizers including wonderful cheese popovers and little meatballs, and the best salad bar we've ever seen. There must have been 15 different kinds of salad, everything from blue cheese wedges to arugula to grilled eggplant and artichokes, plus soup and rice. Drinks were unusual and tasty, and desserts looked fabulous but we didn't have room. Service was incredibly attentive; we never waited at all for whAtever we wanted, and the waiters were friendly and personable. The decor was nicely done. Overall, no complaints and everything was so good we can't wait to go back.I found the food here as good as the other chain Brazilian steakhouse here in philly.  I like the mashed potatoes at Chima more than at Fogo.  I think they have a wider variety of meats which it nice.