Great service and authentic cuisine. I live in Wayne and I wish we had a restaurant like this closer to me.A wonderful small place for authentic, reasonably priced dim sum outside of Chinatown. The food was not Americanized. The owner was very helpful and accommodating. Our favorites were: sesame balls with red bean, sticky rice and steamed buns. We would like to go back sometime to try the dim sum stuff we didn't get the first time. There were so many choices. We would also like to try their dinner menu.Super Dim Sum! The food is great very well prepared and great taste.
In addition,all the wait staff plus owners are the nicest most helpful people. Overall a great dining experience without the need to drive to Race Street in Center City 
Highly recommend China GourmetGood Dim Sum.  Pleasant Servers.  Crowded but got a table right away.  Will be going back to try their regular menu items.Came here for lunch and wasn't really expecting much. Although I waited for half an hour for a table, it's understandable considering the size of the restaurant. The food here is definitely on par with some of the better dim sum places, but the cleanliness and atmosphere is where the restaraunt really falls short. Compared to other dim sum restaraunts that I've been to, it really is a little dirty here. Otherwise, this would be one of my go-to's for dim sum in the North-east if it were just more clean.Pretty good dim sum! Not a replacement for Chinatown, but if you're already in the NE and craving shumai you're in luck! Clean, speedy, and very friendly service.
*Just avoid the taro cake... (one of my dim sum favorites)This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in northeast. Food is good and the service is good too.was craving some dim sum but we didn't want to go into the city. we found this spot and we went first thing in the morning. the food was good and plentiful and our server was so friendly. only negative was they did not have veggie dishes, so i took off a star for that and the price was a little bit expensive. overall, good dim sum spot for people who don't love the going into the city.Came here for the dim sum with family. The food was comparable to the usual dim sum hot spot in Chinatown. Food was good and satisfying. Nothing great but we did leave full. I really wanted to try the cute piggy egg custard bun but was told they no longer have it. Soooo disappointed. :( If you're in the mood for dim sum and live in the NE area but don't wanna drive to Chinatown, then this place definitely hits the spot. Be sure to come there early on the weekends though. We came around 10:30 and got a table, but the place was packed full with people waiting for tables 10 minutes later.We were up in NE Philly and popped into this new place on a whim. We were delighted! The dim sum tasted very fresh and the selection was unusual. We hope to go back one evening to sample some of their fish, including the fresh lobster they offer at a very low price. Particularly appealing was they way we were welcomed like family by the owner and staff. Support this business!My relatives said we were getting dim sum, so naturally I thought we'd be going to China Town in Philly, but instead we ended up going here, which was just amazing! Street parking here is way easier to find than in China Town, doesn't say much about the place but it's a hell of a lot easier to get to! It's a bit unsuspecting of a place, but when you see the fish tank, you know you're at a real Chinese place.
The decor and ambience was on par with most Chinese dim sum places, casual in the afternoon, but easily could suffice for a banquet at night. The service was good as well, always bringing us more water and giving us teapots with tea.
The food itself was incredible for most the part. They have the standard dim sum fare: shrimp and pork dumplings, chicken feet, shrimp with fun noodles, taro dumplings etc. The dim sum was great, and unless they mess it up, it's usually always great. The highlight was the adorable custard buns! The buns looked like little pigs, they're seriously the cutest buns ever! If the custard buns aren't your thing, they offer the same sort of buns that look like pigs, but they're filled instead with black sesame paste. I even tried their beef chow fun and I'll say it wasn't the greatest beef chow fun I've had. It wasn't bottom of the barrel, but it wasn't the greatest one I've had either. It was tasty but it definitely needed more "wok hay" which is wok heat/flavor. That being said, the beef was tasty and the fun noodles were super fresh, so they get points for that.
As a Chinese person, I'd recommend this place for when you're trying to get your dim sum fix. Tasty food and a convenient location!The food doesn't taste that good but the service was good. I probably not coming back. I was expecting the restaurant serve good food since it's grand opening but it doesn't meet my expectation. The food just taste plain.The food was pretty decent. However, the restaurant does not honor reservations. Our group made a reservation for a private room at 7:30P.M. we arrived at 7:20P.M. so we were a bit early and understandably they told us to wait a bit since the party before us was not finished yet. At 8:10P.M. we still had not been led to our room. We asked our host what the issue was and they said that the people before us were still not finished. The point of having a reservation is so that the room would be reserved for us at that specific time. Why have reservations when you're not going to honor that? They ended up telling us that we would have to be seated at a random open table in the restaurant. To which we begrudgingly accepted due to our time constraints. Our party was rather large, they didn't have any tables open that could accommodate all of us which is why we reserved a private room. We ended up pulling up chairs to a much smaller table with each of us having no elbow room to move, much less eat. While the food may have been good, we could barely enjoy it due to not being able to move our arms to use any utensils to eat.Moved from Bustelton into New and expanded space with parking lot! Food is good if not better than before. Had their lunch platter and a couple dim sums. Friendly servers. Place was packed on a weekday lunch.My husband and I love China Gourmet. The food and service are excellent! We always bring friends there to share this little gem of a place. Jackie the owner always makes us feel welcome. The restaurant has been there for over 25 years and last year they renovated the entire interior and it is beautiful. They have a nice wine bar and they also deliver.  I could go on about favorite dishes but you should try this place and find your own favorites. 
Desiree and Jeff ~ Rancho DiVine Olive OilThis place has normal Chinese food and it's not special food. I went here for my nephews birthday party today and the experience was like any other place. We ordered alot of food and when I mean alot I really mean it! The service is pretty standard. They take your order,  bring your food, and they fuck off. Now I have seen reviews on the Peking duck saying "ohh its great!" Its really not... it was not crunchy and the skin was not crispy. Pretty poor. The meat was actually good but it was oily. We complained about the jelly fish dish saying that it had a crunchy sand texture to it. At first, I didnt taste the sand, but when I started to taste it throughout my meal, there was a sand texture to it. It was very disappointing.  Ut at least it's around where I live so its convenient but food is not special. Anyway 3/5 stars because the mayonnaise shrimp was good.The Best Cantonese cuisine in the area! Fresh sea food and friendly stuffs! Sautéed deep fried Lobster and lamb chop are my favorite. Certainly enjoy every single bite!This is the IT place for dim sum in the NE. Wait time is pretty long on Sunday. Come early or be prepare to wait in line.Only soso. Sunday dim sum is very crowded and the waitress skipped our waiting number to someone else came later than us. When we finally sat down, we barely get what we want because nearly no waitress come to us and the chief barely offer new dim sum. Should have been there before 10 and wait for 1+hour to be seated.Chinatown used to be the go-to hub for Asian food, but apparently, that is no more as the property prices caused many Asians to move away from the city. 
Up popped this little restaurant that makes delicious food without the hustle and bustle of the city. First of all, this is no Ocean Harbor if you are looking for a place to host a party, this is strictly a sit-down restaurant where you place your order and the food is served to you. I also highly recommend having someone who speaks Cantonese with you here.
When you sit down (for dinner), you're served your typical tiny dish of salted peanuts and tea while you wait for the food. We ordered the tofu and fish pot (doufu bo), seafood stir fry with celery, fried fish in pineapple sauce, green vegetable with fermented bean curd (ton choi), sweet and sour pork chop, and a few other dishes that have long been removed from my memories.
Every single type of dish had a different flavor and they were all really good. Nothing stood out as terrible or anything less than flavorful. The fried fish in pineapple sauce was unique and unexpected in a peasant tropical way. The tofu and fish pot was well made with a good proportions of fish and tofu. The vegetables had a nice crunch. I was very satisfied with everything on the menu.Drove 50 minutes on the recommendation of a coworker. I have had dim sum items before but have never had a full cart service experience. I had done quite a bit of research before hand as I don't like looking like I don't know what I'm doing even when I don't. I didn't get to order all the items I wanted to try but I'm glad, we couldn't have possibly eaten any more. 2pm on a Monday and the place was still very full. As busy as they were, a swat team descended upon us with various small plate treasures. My wife and I are caucasians and we were alone in that regard but we were not neglected or treated differently as I have experienced in certain Chinatown establishments. Our table was full in 2 minutes and we were checked on regularly by friendly and attentive staff. What a great experience. Our favorites today were stuffed chili, the pork and scallion dumplings, dorian cakes, and the coconut jelly. This is my new go to spot. I was too excited to take pictures, will post again next time.A long line and it was a little hard to communicate,  but was the food worth it? Yes, yes it was. I even found myself liking stuff I disliked at other dim sum restaurants​ like the pork shumai​. There are a ton of options with ​classic dishes and some new different​ ones as well. 
The overall experience was good. My only wish was for the dishes to be a bit hotter as they were served warm to lukewarm​. But this is a new place to come back​ to for great dim sum​ without the major problem of parking in Philly Chinatown.FYI they moved location and the new address is located here: 2842 St. Vincent Street, Philadelphia, PA19149. It's only a couple mins away from the old Bustleton location.  It's very spacious and the dim sum is tasty.Finally OPEN on 4/26!!! Probably the largest Chinese restaurant in NE Philadelphia.
We had dim sum twice already.  The restaurant is huge, full of tables in high ceiling, spaces between tables, feel more comfortable.
They have good service too, the waiters and waitresses are very helpful with warm smiles.
They have a huge seafood tank with live fish, shrimp, lobster etc...must come back for dinner soon...
They also have private function rooms with karaoke.
Overall, very pleased to have a good Chinese restaurant in our neighborhood.  You know how hard to find a parking spot in Chinatown, they have a huge parking lot. And they serve dim sum till 3pm so we can have late lunch...
TASTY FOOD!!! HAPPY CUSTOMERS!!!We went there last night for dinner for the first time & the seafood & tofu hotpot & beef chow fun were yummy. But unfortunately I may not be able to go back again with my 6-year-old daughter as she read some new vocabulary words: "f*cking", "pussy" & "n!gga" as Nicki Minaj's "Barbie Dreams" played on their gigantic karaoke screen . I immediately brought this to their attention but they claimed they have no control as it's already programmed into their system?! Unacceptable!I had VERY high hopes but they were dashed...
Friendly staff. Clean restaurant. The dim sum was underwhelming. I had read a positive review and had high hopes. We were served dim sum that might've tasted great but didn't because it was either cold or lukewarm (shrimp balls, pork buns, congee, etc.). It was the height of lunchtime but summer in Philly is slow (Philly-folk leave the city in droves for summer-vacation) and the restaurant wasn't busy. I figure the dim sum sat and cooled. I'll try again another day. We shall see.I usually go to Chinatown for my dimsum fixes, but came here because of a recommendation. I was a little hesitant to go to a place called China Gourmet, thinking it would be something like a run down dirty corner store, but it actually is huge and bright! And because the foot traffic is so high, the food is freshly made. Now this is my favorite place to get shrimp chang fen.
 Expect a wait during peak times. We came early on a Saturday and we didn't have to wait but as we were leaving around 1230 the line was crazy long.We are from California, stopped by the area for a break. We came on weekday around 2pm for lunch, still have lots of variety of dim sum available. Food is delicious, price is reasonable and service is attentive. 4 adults and 2 kids, came out with a full stomach, the bill is less than $50. I am glad that I found this place.We came here for our 6 o clock reservation. We had put our order in around 6:15 after having to flag someone down as we were being ignored. Even though we were the second table here, we watched tables who came in after us get their meals. A little after 7, we asked for an update. I suspect that they had forgotten to ring it in, but the waiter yelled at us and said that we had to wait our turn. Our food finally came around 7:15... then 30 minutes later, they told us that they couldn't make one of our dishes. Every dish came out 10-15 mins after each other.
I was really disappointed as I have been here for dim sum and have really enjoyed it.  I would've appreciated it if they would've admitted that this was their fault instead of yelling at us. Also, the food was flavorless. I'm leaving 2 stars as the dim sum was good.Our group was made up of 3 adults and one child.  We went on a Wednesday morning around 11:30 and had no trouble getting a table.  Even at that early time, the place was over half full.  It's one giant room with tanks along the one wall where you can pick what you want, from eel to lobster to fish and crab. All the Staff could not have been nicer.
We were there to try their Dim Sum, which is served from 9:30 til 3 and were so into eating the many dishes that we picked from the carts, that I forgot to take pictures.  From various stuffed dumplings, eggplant stuffed with shrimp, egg rolls to fresh Chinese broccoli tops, to other noodle dishes, the food kept coming and we kept enjoying.
To be truthful, we really weren't sure what some of them were but we tried maybe 10 or 11 and all were very good.  Of course we asked about some but half the fun of Dim Sum is trying things you might not otherwise try. What we enjoyed would not even put a dent into the amount of great looking items that were being brought around, so a few more visits are definitely planned.
For the above, with hot tea, the bill before tip came to around $50.  It's a BYO.  A very fun experience.Can honestly say this is the best Chinese food that I have ever had outside of a meal in Hong Kong. Service was fast, portions large, taste was fantastic. Lobster with Sticky Rice - well worth it. Sizzling Short Ribs - excellent sauce and flavor. And so on and so on. No question we will be going back. Trying Dim Sum is next up.Great selection of dim sum food! I am definitely a huge fan of this. It's a bit further away from my home (35-45m drive) compared to Chinatown, but the free parking more than makes up for it! I recommend getting here between 10:30am to 2pm since that's the best time for fresh dim sum. When we got here once at 10am it might have been a little too early because some of the other food selections hadn't made it to the cart yet.
Your wait is also minimal the earlier and not close to lunch rush you arrive. The bill is also very reasonable. We go all out and need some takeout boxes, but usually no more than $30/person for a TON of good food that we otherwise can't make at home.The best dim sum in town!! The foods are very tasty fresh & hot unlike the one I used to go down Chinatown there food are old and cold before it was good but not anymore, after I've tried this place out I'm in love with it. My whole family came in last weekend everyone is giving a thumb up complements about this place. Highly recommended this place for dim sum in NE philly!!Went here for a birthday celebration dinner with kids in tow, and then again to try the brunch as we wanted to see what it was like in full capacity crazy mode. And we were not let down.  This has been on our hit list for a while now, and thanks to Craig LaBan's review, worth the drive out of the city, which is rare to drag my butt out of the city just for food. I also wasn't driving so there was that. 
Totally worth it either way. Be warned, no juicy buns/soup buns, but it's Cantonese not Shanghai or fusion or any confused Americanized dim sum place. Although they do have some Americanized snacks for those that get scared. Kids ate everything except for the spicy or the feet. I also did not want feet. But one person at the table took the plunge and said it was good 
Everything was ON POINT. 
You see the live fish and crustaceans swimming around just waiting to be plucked from their little tank to their firey death. At least, you know, it's fresh and all that. 
Sometimes I'm ready to be fully vegan, but to here wasn't that time.Amazing food, Amazing staff, and a wonderful experience. Dim sum is amazing and lunch are wonderful. Hidden gem.Stop in for the Chinese New Year didn't know it was going to be so busy, but the food is amazingThe dimsum here is much better than Chinatown dimsum place plus better service too ,you guys know what I'm talking about the infamous Chinatown waitress attitudes, I got the tall lady as my server she's polite and friendly, about the dimsum we order quite few dishes and most of them are really good especially the chicken feet and scallion dumplings ,the dumplings has skin thin and crispy on the bottom, definitely my go to restaurant for dimsumThey get quite busy. Large restaurant, roomy with an army of staff. Cart style dim sum, service isn't bad considering how busy they are. Dim sum starts at 9. Our Party of 6 came at 10:30 and was seated promptly. By the time we left there was a crowd waiting by the doors to get seated. Pretty good selection of items to choose from. Food was tasty. Cart turn around time could be a little faster, (but Our table didn't feel neglected or forgotten)it's a large restaurant and the restaurant was continuously filling up with customers. Considering all the other dim sum places I've been ocean harbor, imperial inn, joy tsin lau, nom wah, wokano this place tops them all. Price is reasonable and parking is readily available and free.It was recommended by my mom's friend and I'm so glad we came and tried it. The food is delicious!!! Very reasonable! And the service is great.  Good ambiance. Spacious area.China Gourmet has THE best spring rolls! I love eating here; the staff are always friendly!This places reopened from the previous FookLamMoon. Under new management.biggest change is more a full service restaurant for dinner. Lunch is still a great dealFor this area it would be best for dimsum. I would say it's better than Chinatown in Philadelphia. Very affordable. Usually less than $10/person for my family. This place is huge and would be great for weddings. I haven't try dinner here yet. I'll update when I do. My wife is a picky eater so for her to like this place it must be very good.This place is one of the better dim sum places i had and the prices are super reasonable. If you go with a lot of people, you can eat a lot and still end up only paying 10-15 dollars (unless you're me than... you'll pay a lot more).
The wait in this place gets nuts if you come on a Sunday which is when i like to come with friends. It is mayhem and you need to fight your way to the lady with the ticket to get you seated. 
Once you are seated; the carts start rolling. They have all the basics from shumai to chicken feet. The one thing (and yes... you need to be persistent) you must get is pineapple pork buns. Holy moly... sweet fried bun on the outside while the inside has a moist, savory pork. It took me at least 4 visits to the place and constant haggling to get it. 
If you are a fan of dim sum, this place is a great spot to go toIt is a great place if you don't want to head down to Chinatown to enjoy some Chinese. Food definitely be better but it saves you the troubles of going downtown.I was taken by some friends to this restaurant on Sunday for some dim sum. This is a huge restaurant and when I get there there are so many people waiting, which is usually a good sign. We were quickly seated and dim sum food was served through the cart. The food was ok, really nothing particularly good. What disappoints me the most is the waiter restaurant. Nobody gives us water, sauce for the food and take away our empty dishes after we finish the food. Personally I think this place is busy because there ain't much dim sum around northeast. I doubt I will come back here again .What a wonderful unassuming hole in the wall Chinese restaurant.  Almost immediately upon getting seated, the server offers you their full menu.  I had soup dumpling and they were so good, I could have cried.  I imagine going there on a weekend would be crowded so go there during an off peak time.  You won't be disappointed.First time there. Went on the recommendation of Craig Laban. This restaurant is huge. The night we went, it was filled with Chinese families. We expected to wait for a table but we didn't have to. Everything we ordered was fantastic. And the portions were very generous. I will have sweet dreams about the Peking Duck. We took home almost half of what we ordered. The owner came to check on us several times during the meal. Nice touch. We will definitely go back for more great food.Probably my favorite dim sum restaurant in Philadelphia. It gets crowded on the weekends but the food is worth it. It is definitely easier to park here than in Chinatown. The price is reasonable and the carts with food are constantly moving around so you don't need to worry if you miss getting something.My mother in law is from Hong Kong and this is by far her favorite Chinese restaurant in the area. Great food and service in a large open atmosphere. Must try the Peking duck and string bean dishes! We will definitely be back.Best dim sum place in Pennsylvania! It's always busy even on a weekday. My partner and I make it a monthly treat. The service is good and the dim sum delicious. It's consistent and I no longer make the trip to Chinatown for dim sum. I found this place from an article written  in the newspaper. Love it here! Fyi, it's really busy on weekends. I suggest arriving early!Best Chinese food I've ever had. You got to be an idiot not to come here. I ordered the chicken wings and they were the best chicken wings I ever had from here. You got to get the chicken lo mein from here as well.Only been here for Dim Sum and for the  Philadelphia area, this is one of the better one.  Service and cleaniness is decent for a traditional Chinese restaurant.  My favorite is the baked Cha Siu Bao (BBQ Pork Bun).  The baked Cha Siu Bao here has a sweet crusty topping and has a sweet juicy center, similar to Tim Ho Wan's.The chicken wings were fried crispy and seasoed
 The lady taking the order was a bit abrupt and they didn't say thank uou or come again. I  may not go back for these reasonsExcellent food. A nice change from the usual corner store Chinese take-out shops in the Northeast.Every dish we ordered was delicious. Hot & sour soup, egg drop soup, hargow, shumai, mapo tofu, General Tso's Chicken and egg custard bao. There are a lot more dishes on the menu I'd like to try. I started with the standards. I'll be back soon.Horrible service. Even number was given out to customer while they are waiting, management still skip numbers for seating arrangement. Food is okay but not exceptional, I would not recommend to anyone.I have been here several time for Dim sum with family and with friends. It's a great options for Dim sum out side of Chinatown. It's reasonably priced, it can hold a lot of people, it has a parking lot, the service is good, and the dim sum is good !! This last visit, we ordered the tofu rolls with a pork and veggie filling, pork shao mai, shrimp shao mai, har gow, chicken feet, rice noodles filled with shrimp with soy sauce, pineapple buns, eggs tarts, sesame balls filled with mint bean, bbq pork buns, and chive filled dumplings as well !! 
Pro tip: try to get to this establishment early because it gets crowded pretty quick. The pineapple buns are filled with custard and are very delicious !! 
I would like to come back and try their dinner menu !It was good food food but nothing really special. There is some smell ( maybe fish or something not good smell) bothered me but otherwise it was ok.NOT worth a trip from beyond NE Philly (ie, Center City, Chestnut Hill, etc.)
I was inspired to go by Craig LaBan's three bells, but he whiffed hard here. Granted I went for dinner, so maybe it is better at the dim sum brunch.
Based on LaBan's suggestions, I got the...
- Silkworm Chrysalis with pepper salt. The seasoning had too much fish sauce in it, probably to mask the fact that the silkworms didn't have much taste.
- Dried Scallop Soup with chives. The smallest size was about $16 and was in a giant bowl for a group. You would think that they could have an individual portion for a lower price. Too gelatinous with no special taste. Could have easily been any other gelatinous Chinese soup as its ingredients (bland)
- and the Hong Kong lobster and crab with minced pork. I was very disappointed here. First of all, LaBan mentioned a very low price for this, but that happened to be a promotional price. Secondly, the lobster and crab was broken into bits, lightly floured, and flash-fried, but it was NOT SHELLED. You would think that if they are going to lightly flour something that they would take the meat out of the shell first. As a result, I couldn't quite see where the shell fragments were on each piece, and as a result when I went to chew on something, my teeth clamped down on a hard crab or lobster shell. Ouch!!! The minced pork on top was very greasy.
My companions weren't too happy either. One's shrimp dumplings were mediocre, and the other's duck dish had pancakes that were not flavorful at all.
You're better off going to your local Chinese takeout/delivery place, or P.F. Chang's, or Chinatown next to the Convention Center.Absolutely terrible. Sat in a basement with a room too small for the 2 tables in the room. No dim sum came downstairs for the first 20 minutes I was there. Had to complain in Chinese before the basics came down.i tried to order dim sum but half the things I ordered they didn't have. I don't ever do reviews but this place was so bad it has made me post about my experience. In addition to dim sum we ordered seafood pan fried noodles and the noodles were all broken and oily. Save yourself the headache and just go to Chinatown.There's a lot of variety to the dim sum here, but the service is a bit slow.  They could really use two of each cart type.  One set for the back section and one set for the front section to get things moving because the restaurant is very spacious.  Parking is easy, although it does get packed the later it gets and so does the restaurant.  I would recommend going earlier if you don't want to wait.  The food is not bad.  There were things that were better than others.  The buns are very good.  We ordered things from the kitchen which came out pretty quickly and were hot.  Service was eh. Some servers were more helpful than others.Went back recently and the quality has dipped. Since The owner, Selena and her husband, are focusing on their new venture on the Mainline it's not quite the same. We tried to order from their special menu in Chinese; however, they didn't honor some of the items and prices since the owner's not there. I also found a long piece of hair when I opened my naw mai gai (lotus leaf rice wrap) and it's def not mine since I have short hair. If the owner's not there, avoid this place.Close to authentic. Good not great. Service was attentive. I don't know if I would return.This has to be the best Chinese food spot in Philly. Ordered the General Tso's shrimp and it was cooked perfectly. Sauce was seasoned evenly and rice was delicious. Also had the spring rolls, so light and crispy.If I could give a 0 star I would. Came in for dim sum and food was already not as good as before. Went to pay for my bill and the hostess accuses my table of getting a noodle dish. She even had the nerve to come to my table and check the plates to see if there was a noodle dish. How unprofessional and rude! Will never come back and I suggest everyone check what they're paying for because I would not be surprised if they just add additional items to your ticket.Typical chinese restuarant that has traditional food.  Nice to be able to drive eat dim sum without paying for parking.  It's in shopping center where you can eat at the restuarant, and then head to the supermarket to buy your groceries, so convenience is nice.  I didn't like how some of the ladies who push the dim sum carts skipped our table, thinking we only eat certain items.  Other than that, it's not a bad place to eat, the place is clean, quick, and will definitely go back.  Not a big fan of what Chinatown has turned into, so it's nice to have options to avoid Chinatown.My favorite & go-to place for dim sum! Love that it's easily accessible w/ample parking space. Also love that I don't have to venture to Chinatown for decent dim sum; and honestly, this place beats a lot of dim sum places in Chinatown. The service is always prompt and friendly. I was here recently with my siblings; we were told it was going to be a 20 minute wait but we were seated as soon as a table opened up. Everyone is kind -- from the wait staff to the cute little ladies pushing the dim sum carts. The food is always steaming hot and with great quality. Don't sleep on this place!!!Has the best dim sum in northeast Philly area.  Ample parking for customer due to being right next to an Asian supermarket.Every time we go there they says no more seats but once my friend go ask the seat will be available wth.  Just like today there is only one table is seated and they said seats are all booked  for 7pm but we were there at 5:30pm it doesn't make any sense to me!  The lady at the front desk is weirdWe were excited to try the Peking duck at this restaurant after reading Craig LeBan's list of his best dishes of 2018. We were very disappointed.  
We ordered a whole duck. When the dish arrived we had high hopes. The presentation was classic but when we dug in we were sadly disappointed. Rather than nice crispy skin, we got duck with an enormous amount of unrendered subcutaneous fat resulting in soggy, placid, greasy skin. I know from the way you described the dish you recognize that the major charm of Peking duck is crispy flavorful skin that does not wilt when placed on the pancake. There was no hint of crispiness when I took a bite of the pancake even when I tried it without the sauce (sacrilege, I know but I was trying everything I could). Even the shredded vegetable (I could not tell if it was ginger or scallion) was wilted and tasteless. 
For reference, we arrived at 7:00 PM, the place was empty, we were seated near the kitchen exit and saw no other Peking duck orders going out. Given the early hour and lack of crowd, I saw no reason why they were unable to give their best effort to properly prepare the dish. 
The senior person at the restaurant cam over to the table and asked what we thought. We pointed out the pile of soggy skin, pooled grease and fatty meat. He made no comment and walked away. What I took from this was that this is the usual way this dish is served and he saw nothing unusual.  
The spicy clam in hot broth was salty and equally unimpressive.This place has definitely gone down in service this past year. I've always come here to grab food and this time around the lady who took my order literally had me sitting there for 45 minutes when I kept asking is that my food Togo on the table. She literally blew me off and no it's not a language barrier because she spoke English to me.Decent dim sum place to go to without the hassle of traveling to downtown Philly and fighting for parking spaces. They offer a pretty good selection of standard dim sum dishes, including some that aren't offered at a lot of places (for example, the Malay cake). Like that the dishes are not overwhelmingly salty like many Chinese restaurants or dim sum places are, and yet the food has enough flavor and isn't bland. Great tofu skin rolls. Overall, a solid dim sum place with convenient parking and a large, open dining room.Hadn't been since Covid. They haven't missed a beat as far as quality goes. Super friendly staff.
 Tables are 15-20 feet apart. We had the steamed oysters with ginger, Hong Kong style lobster, Peking duck, and Chinese broccoli with Chinese bacon. They were all excellent. Incredible quality and value. Can't wait to go back.The food is fantastic and fresh here! Tried a number of dishes and all were fantastic! When you go, order crab cakes and lobster dishes! I can't exactly remember the name right now. I love the family style serving that they had. Made it easy to pass dishes around. Staff was attentive and was happy answer any questions regarding ingredients in the foods ordered. I would definitely return.A great place for Dim Sum where you can go with your friends and family. There are plenty of seating so the wait time is not long even when I went during Lunar New Year. It's very affordable restaurant in the neighborhood and beats going to NYC for overly priced foodExcellent . love the food and service.best Chinese food restaurant in Philadelphia. I can't wait to go againThey have the best dim sum in Philadelphia.  Even though there are dim sum restaurants much closer, we are willing to drive from Delaware County for our dim sum.China Gourmet is a very pleasant surprise if you, like me, love a traditional dim sum Chinese brunch every once and a while. 
Situated on St. Vincent Street in Northeast Philly between Brous Avenue and Roosevelt Boulevard in Mayfair, it is a large house in a developing Asian neighborhood that puts out trolley carts loaded with small dish treats both savory and sweet, at reasonable prices and with the expected hussle and flow that this dining style uniquely delivers. Admittedly, the aggressive nature of the cart ladies hawking their delicacies takes some getting used to. You have to be able to say "no" when you feel overwhelmed by the surrounding din. But, know that slowing down the onslaught is proper, and multiple opportunities will present themselves. Just take what you want in the moment and let the trolley women return when you are ready for more. 
The most important thing at China Gourmet is that they know from dim sum. There are dozens of choices and most of them are good to great. Shrimp and pork shumai, shrimp hargow, beef rice rolls w vinegar, fried stuffed buns, various dumplings, fish filled chili peppers, egg tarts and many others are well prepared and served hot or cold as appropriate. My bowl of congee was also decent with plenty of ground pork and fresh cut scallion on top. There is plenty more, but you get the picture. 
What's even better is the availability of FREE PARKING right in front of the restaurant, and the large Asian supermarket and Vietnamese kitchen right next door. The money saved is like getting a 25% discount off your check! Hard to beat! 
Now that we've experienced the fun and convenience of a strong dim sum morning with grocery shopping for dessert, Chinatown has lost some of its cultural luster for us (not completely). 
Gotta love it!Greasy, expensive. The beef with scallion and ginger was swimming in grease, the beef tasted off. The eggplant in garlic sauce was also very greasy, unexpectedly had sugar in it, I could taste no garlic at all.
I expected so much more, given how costly these two entrees were.
I won't be ordering from here again. Don't really want the leftovers.
You live, you learn.China Gourmet easily deserves all the hype that they've been receiving. The food is fantastic and fresh. The service is more efficient and (a little) less chaotic than their Chinatown counterparts. And the space is overall cleaner and running like a well-oiled machine. 
We ordered a plethora of typical dim sum dishes like their Har Gow, Siu Mai, Turnip Cakes, Shrimp-stuffed eggplant, steamed rice rolls, the sweet yellow cake, and so much more! I don't know what they're translated in english, so it's hard to describe LOL. 
You can tell that they make almost everything by scratch, which is such a nice touch. Every dish was flavorful and well done. We couldn't believe it. It's the best dim sum in the Philly area, and even better than the dim sum I had in NY the weekend after. Just upped my dim sum standards tremendously. 
An absolute Philly must-try.
Bonus points because of the large parking lot & surrounding street parking! & they accept credit cards!