I had my order delivered since I was staying in a nearby hotel.  The food was hot when it arrived and the portions were more than adequate and very tasty.  The driver was very pleasant.  I would definitely order from here again the next time I'm in Phillyyummy, went for the 1st time yesterday, the wings are tasty and you can get them rather quickly, which has not been my experience  at other spots.  the sauces were delicious, the wings were extra crispy w/ coating, not like Soho so they were slightly different in taste, but overall a nice treat when in CC.  nice and clean establishment w/ pleasant staff.I really,really wanted to like this place. I ordered the half crispy chicken and was told they were out of it.Reluctantly, I ordered the drumsticks,7 for $10.00, plus one side. The sweet chili sauce was blah.The three sides (mashed potatoes,cole slaw,and red beans)were blah. They really need to work on the chicken. The three other reviews were 4 and 5 stars,I must have missed something.I will try them again and hopefully I will be able to upgrade my review.Gross. I passed by here looking for a new place to try out and I should've kept walking instead of turning around. This was around 4:30 PM and there were no customers inside. That should've been my first sign. The cashier was on her phone doing whatever but she did greet me and answer my questions about certain menu items. I decided to go with the creamy chicken bowl with brown rice. The chicken was just okay. I think the creamy sauce gave it most of its flavor. The broccoli was ice cold, guess I was expecting it to be cooked... It was not. The lettuce and carrot strips were your typical veggies, nothing special. The brown rice was blah. It left such a weird after taste. I'm not a picky eater at all, even if I don't really like what I'm eating I will attempt to finish it. I couldn't even finish half of this. I ended up giving it away to a homeless person.Sweet chili Double fried crispy wings are really delicious, the pricing is what you would expect in center city, especially since it's right across from Jefferson Hospital. The inside looks like a fast food place, so don't expect much. I would not eat inside because it's really dirty. Use Take out!I ordered the spicy bbq chicken platter. It was so incredibly sweet. It was disgusting all I got was bbq sauce! It was also so hard to chew! I literally took three bites and had to throw it out. I only give it two stars because their broccoli and white rice were well cooked. But I would not recommend unless you are looking for mediocre chicken.The double fried chicken with soy ginger and the honey BBQ was super crispy even after the 45 minutes it took me to get home. The sides were not so good. The fries got soggy in the styrofoam container and corn was just bland..but the chicken was great. Can't wait to try some other glazes.Really not great. I got the chicken fingers, and they were mediocre at best. The fries were soggy and reminiscent of frozen shoe string fries you can buy at any grocery store. For a place that specializes in chicken you'd at least expect their chicken to be decent... Go across the street to Moriarty's and grab some wings there, same price, double the amount of wings, and 100 times the flavor.Heard about it, now new name, horrible wings, cafe soho still better, wait for BonChon opens in the fall 2015, don't waste your money like I did.No cafe soho, but it definately has a good korean fried chicken! The chicken is crispier than soho, but not as juicy and flavorful. The owner is still tweaking the recipe and was open for suggestions (kudos for that!) 
I tried 6 flavors of double crispy. The hot & spicy is the best. 
I also tried the Buffalo wings which were surprisingly very good. I would order both without hesitation. 
Of course I would prefer soho, but due to the proximity I will return here.Chicken wings are to die for!  Very thin crust on the chicken and the sauces are spicy, tangy and slightly sweet (we tried spicy chili and spicy BBQ).  Everything is cooked to order ... and definitely worth the wait.  I especially liked the carrots as a side.I ordered 10 wing combo, when I got back to where I was staying I noticed I had a long piece of hair in my food that should've been noticed by whoever prepared it. When I called, who ever I spoke with was very rude and demanded I brought the food back. I simply requested a refund because this was 20 minutes out of my way. Avoid this dirt place if you can!Walking in here was a complete accident (I was looking for the pizza joint that I think's next door); perhaps it was the delirium of the blood-letting I'd just completed at Jefferson.  
I ordered the six wings and a side of mashed potatoes for $7.  I then waited a good 10-15 minutes for what I thought was going to be 'fast food'.  What were they doing, killing the chickens out back?  Ben, the cashier, was very apologetic for the wait as he explained that it takes awhile for the chicken wings, since they're double fried.  I wish he'd told me that when I ordered.  For once, good things come to those who wait because when I finally got them... I was more than satisfied!  The wings were piping hot.  The outter coating was so crispy, light and pretty tasty.  The meat was moist and succulent.... and did I mention piping hot?  Ben recommended I pour the sauce (I got spicy BBQ) on to the wing and then eat it.  Somehow, it gave a different texture experience than when I was dipping it.  Go figure!  The mashed potatoes (with gravy) were pretty good.  I wished they had other options for sides, though.
I have to say, I usually feel a bit lethargic after eating fried chicken.  But it's been a few hours now and I still don't feel that heavy-in-the-stomach feeling.  Maybe it IS a healtheir fried chicken...?  Who knows.  Still, it's pretty darn good chicken wings!Pretty Good Food Great Price, and legitimate for students Definitely quality meat Try the hot and spicy chix bowlYour missing out for those of you who haven't yet taste the best Bon Jon chicken in town. Chick a licious creates a perfect bridge for authentic Asian and American fusion dishes. The distinct taste of their fried chicken is one of it kind, it will leave you craving for more. The choose of sauce makes you undecidable, you just want it all!!MMMmmmmmm what a pleasant surprise!
I needed a quick lunch break from work and was craving some serious chicken nuggets. I was heading to Wendy's on the corner of 11th and walnut but bumped into Chick-a-licious before I could make it. Hurrah!
I ordered the 7 piece boneless chicken, mashed potatoes & gravey, and corn. I got honey mustard and the sweet chili dipping sauces (my fav). The chicken was so fresh! I watched them batter and fry it right in front of me. The meat was delish and had 0 fat.
Very pleased with this discovery and will go back ASAP.I had little expectations for this place but I loved my rice bowl. I got a spicy garlic sauce rice bowl. They included an extra side of sauce and it was awesome. My gf and I are planning on eating there next week!2 stars because the staff was friendly. But their bonchon chicken was disgusting. I ended up taking them home and giving it away to someone else. The chicken was not double fried to the correct consistency. The skin should've been crunchy with a light flaky texture. I wouldn't even call it bonchon or Korean fried chicken. Very disappointed in their chicken. * my one and only visit was in the summer of 2014 and I have not been back since* writing this late review because I was searching for any new Bon chon places In my area and this restaurant popped up. Perhaps the other food is good? But I just wouldn't recommend the Korean fried chicken at all. You're better off going to Koreana or Soho.Not a fan of the chicken at all here. It's just very chewy with a strange taste. I've gotten it several time, to give it a chance, but I have continually been disappointed. Going to have to cross this place off my list.Best wings in the city if you ask me. Soy/Garlic are the best. Always made to order and wonderful service.Now known as chix and wings. 
Do you like chicken wings? Then don't come here. What shitty excuses for wings! These are like the walmart special wings. Nothing but bone and barely any meat! The sauces were watery at best. 
Polite and quick delivery though. If you want quick bad food, order from here. There seems to be no good wings places in phillyFavorite wings spot. Spicy BBQ crispy wings are the best   fries are crispy and delicious too.Amazing double fried 'bonchon' style wings that are super super crispy.  The wings are also huge and for only 10 bucks you get 10 wings and a side.   They have a variety of flavors- I tried the sweet chili, which was delicious.  The wings came pretty quickly when I ordered them through Grub Hub recently.  They also have ban mi's on the menu that I will have to try next time.  This is my new favorite place for wings in the city!The woman at the counter who helped me was very sincere. Love it. And she obviously is great at what she does because the regulars there talk to her like she's a good friend. I had chicken tenders and they were pretty filling I almost couldn't finish my 7 pieces. I like their fries as well! It's not too thin and not too thick. I would totally come back for lunch after shopping or doc appointment. It's definitely a fast food type but you can make this healthy if you get something like a chicken salad and less carbs.In the mood for fried chicken, I opted for a 3 drumstick and 3 wing combination from Chickalicious. The chicken pieces held up remarkably well over the four block trek back to my home; the skin shatteringly crisp and yielding to a juicy interior. The meat itself seemed a bit underseasoned, but the texture contrast between moist meat and crunchy coating satisfied immensely. I opted for the hot and spicy sauce rather than the requisite sweet chili, which ended up being fortuitous. This sauce flavor tastes like a thinned out gochujang, and thus hits the proper balance between spicy, sweet, and savory.
My meal also arrived with a side of fries and a piece of cornbread. The fries were the standard, pre-frozen variety and thus tasted fine but paled in comparison to the fresh chicken. The cornbread, similarly, possessed a slightly doughy, mushy texture, largely an afterthought to the restaurant's main event. At $7.95, the combo offered enough food for two meals and thus was a pretty solid bargain.
 Chickalicious could easily earn a fifth star if a bit more attention was paid to the forgettable side items. Nonetheless, it's hard to beat the quality of the chicken I received at the price I paid. If the craving for super crispy fried bird strikes again, I won't hesitate to return to this low-key spot.Really solid place. Think the chicken they use isn't really the best quality, but you can order a variety of preparations of chicken and the flavors of the chicken bowl, the sandwich, and the wings are all there. The chicken sandwich was really well-cooked, with the chicken being flavorful and tender. There are sides available that are lackluster. But overall, I think the chicken has good flavor, and it just seems like the main entrees have more effort than most fast food joints.
This place has changed hands quite a few times, but this is the best incarnation I've seen so far.I ordered the double fried wing sweet chili style with onion rings to go. The wings were sloppy and not consistent. They lacked the crunch and even coating that bonchon has when you order the wings to go. The onion rings were also bland and tasted like onions rings out of a frozen package.My go-to wing spot. Really great buffalo wings. I've tried a few of the sides (free side with pretty much any order) and the fries are the best option. The onion rings are ok, the mashed potatoes are not ok, not ok at all. After that I decided to stick with fries for life.I ordered the quarter white rotisserie chicken, it was very flavorful and juicy. The chicken is very fresh and came with rice and vegetables. It was a healthy and filling meal for 7.87. It definitely a underrated spot base on my experience.I've been back at least 10 times since this post. The chicken wraps and wings are both much better. It's easy to customize an order if you are looking for something more healthy and light. Definitely a fan. Thanks!What can I say about Chix and Wings? This place was one of my staples when I was finishing my Master's here and initially I absolutely loved everything that I ordered from the rice bowls to the chicken tenders but then... everything changed. Their bowls got smaller and they switched their vegetables which made me question the cost-benefit value of continuing my patronage to this restaurant but thankfully the portion size of their chicken tenders stayed the same. I also recently tried their chicken wings and wasn't impressed with either the portion size or the taste. Some of the drumstick pieces were pretty small and half hard and dry chicken rather than juicy, luscious chicken meat. I am still a huge fan of their chicken tenders and fries, however, which is why I maintain a 4 star rating. Bring back the bigger rice bowl sizes for 5 stars!For two years whenever I had a hankering for fried chicken, this was the only decent place that'd deliver. I ordered from here enough times (for delivery) to know that I had to stop holding out hope that it was a singular order that they messed up. 
Today I walked into the restaurant to give that a shot since the fried chicken place in Reading Terminal I like had no fried chicken out. Talk about night and day. I walked my order of 3 thighs and some fries home and opened the bag to find some good-ass fried chicken. The meat was tender and the crispy part was perfect. I had an inkling that it'd be totally different for pick up. So, of course, I recommend walking yourself into this place for great fried chicken and fries that are actually piping hot.Nice staff but......cheap quality wings (totally agree they are the equivalent of Walmart brand grossness) , uneven sauce, radioactive orange mac n cheese....ew. No thanks.Good comfort food and good pricing for the quantity/quality. The mango-habanero coating on the chicken is ridiculously spicy so I would avoid that if you're not a fan of heat. I've had both the salads and rice combos here and I like them both. Always fresh ingredients in the salad - I'm really picky about lettuce and if it has the slightest sign of wilting I have to get rid of it and everything touching it....never had this problem here, only the freshest of ingredients. Owners are extremely nice.My go to spot for chicken. Used to come here  back when it was called "chick-a-licious" their name has changed but Their chicken  it's still great. Their buffalo wings are my fave and my gf gets their  crispy wings. My fave side dish is their fries and their muffin. Love that muffin. Lol still gotta try out the rest of their menu thoI was actually very surprised that this was a Korean fried chicken place. As my coworker pointed out, the outside seemed a bit Pollo Hermanos styled. I can't help but think that Chick-a-licious might have more business if they advertised themselves as Korean fried chicken. Anyways, walking in, I was pleasantly surprised with fairly modern decor and a ton of fried chicken options. 
The chicken was juicy and the hot and spicy sauce was good. However, it was missing a critical factor; the chicken was not glazed. Instead of eating gooey fried chicken, you had to take the chicken pieces and dip them into the sauce, which isn't the worst thing in the world, but certainly not what I was expecting. I don't think this is the norm for all of their fried chicken as I saw others with glazed wings. 
Based on the quality of the chicken, sauce, and the scarcity of good Korean fried chicken, Chick-a-licious gets 4 stars.I am so ticked off that I must vent. I LOVE Chix & Wings I have never had any food from this place that I didn't enjoy, however it seems EVERYTIME I order out something goes wrong and it's starting to get to the point where I do not want to be bothered with the aggravation. I come to Philly a couple times a month for treatment in the hospital and the only thing I look forward to is eating at Chix & Wings. Last Thursday 10/22/2015 I was getting my treatment as usual and I ordered lunch and they took forever to deliver, but the food was good as usual. Today 10/30/2015 I got ready to order food and they claim they don't deliver til after 2pm. I don't understand how one week I can get lunch at 11:45 and now all of a sudden I can't order delivery til 2pm. It seems so VERY unprofessional and a shame seeing how the food is so good. I'm used to being sick and not feeling well but you cut/ broke my heart Chix & Wings, you cut me deep and it hurts worst then any illness. ***smh***I came here on a whim after looking for a place where I can grab some quick food for dinner, and realized I hadn't had wings in a long time.  When I came in,  one of the workers gave me a quick greeting and politely allowed me to look at the menu. I asked for suggestions and he suggested the spicy garlic chicken since I liked spicy food. During the whole time, he was extremely courteous. 
When I got my wings,  I noticed I only had 5 wings when I ordered 6. Turns out one wing got stuck in the fryer,  and not only did they correct their mistake,  they gave me an extra wing! Nice service.  The wings were really good and spicy! I would go here again for a quick lunch next time.I was in the mood for wings and I decided to take a chance on this place after reading mixed reviews. Fail #1 they don't have delivery on a Saturday night. Fail # 2 they don't deliver to my address located 9 blocks away.  If I could give zero stars I would.Best Korean fried chicken in the city. 
While not the cheapest place for fried chicken, it's probably the best for the price. Korean chicken is double fried which gives it a great crunchy texture. I tend to go with the small basket of wings with soy garlic glaze. Everything is fresh which makes service a little slow. The sides are a little meh, but who cares?  The chicken is awesome when you get it. I'd recommend the wings over the drumsticks solely from a texture standpoint. The guy who runs the place is really friendly and is always asking for feedback. It helps that this place is wildly convenient for me to get to but I'd be willing to travel a little to come. 
Oh fried chicken joy. Cheers.I went in to this pleasant looking establishment a couple other times and left before ordering because of my indecisiveness. Today I vowed to give them a try. I ordered the 7 dollar chicken finger special with fries. The chicken fingers were more like cutlets which i was not expecting but they were still cooked properly and had a nice flavor to them with a decent crisp. The fries were the shoestring variety and were not as good as I was hoping. Its hard to pinpoint what was wrong with them, kind of tasted like the fries that have been out to long at mickey d's. I got the spicy buffalo sauce to go with my order. It had a nice spice to it. Nothing was bad enough to be a deal breaker but I have had better. Normally I do not like to review without a couple visits but wanted to get something out on this place because of so few reviews. I will go back for another shot minus the fries and will update my review accordingly. The place definitely has potential, it is clean, and the staff are attentive and polite.My husband and I ordered the sweet chilli wings and spicy honey BBQ wings. My husband said the wings definitely had a kick to it. My wings were on the sweeter side. No kick to it. No complaints about the food. The place looked clean when we walked in. Order was ready when we arrived.Delicious wings! So far I've had the wing combo and the chicken bowl and both were delicious. They have a large selection of sauces but I recommend the sweet chili. The prices are dirt cheap for the amount and quality of the food, my avocado was nice and fresh both times, and most importantly the chicken did not taste like it had been fried in old oil. Just as a side note, I ordered my chicken bowl to dine in and after a bite or two decided I'd rather eat at home. The gentleman who took my order seemed genuinely concerned and wanted to make sure there were no issues with my meal and even offered to swap it out. Although the food was fine, it was very nice of him to take notice and attempt to rectify the situation.Chix and Wings. My guilty pleasure. Here's why:
Take wings (noms). Fry them (nom nom). Fry them again (nom nom nom). Put some sauce on them (you get some choice here). Eat and enjoy. 
It's hard not to enjoy fried foods and good wings are hard to find in Philadelphia (there's no Buffalo Wild Wing's in Center City! :O ). This is by far one of my solid, go to wing places.
Overall, quick, relatively cheap, and decent quality given that this is a "fast food" style chain. Recommend to those looking for good wings in the city.I ordered lunch rice bowl. They said 10min. I returned right at 10min. They had not started my order. They asked me to verify what I ordered and asked me to pay upfront so they could cook my lunch. I left. This is twice this has happened to my BF and I. I will not return. They wasted my time to grab a quick lunch and I had to waste more time going to another place.Walking by today on my way back from five guys and a person was standing out front of Chickalicious giving out samples.  On their dime? Sign me up. WOW is all i can say. I called them to make sure i had the name of the sauce they used so when I go get an order, I can get them the right way (soy garlic) My previous review mentions some slight disappointments but none of that matters after today. You don't go to a steakhouse and order fish so I suppose you don't go to a chicken house and order something other then chicken. My biggest regret was trying today's delight on my way back from five guys. I was actually tempted to scrap the already purchased lunch and get the Chickalicious goods and if it were not an off-pay week I definitely would have done so. Does someone want to trade me their Chickalicious for my burger? Anyway, stay out of my way and set me aside an order of chicken wings with soy garlic sauce as Arnold so eloquently put it "I'll be Back"Wings were really good, but I was not expecting the spicy garlic to be that spicy. Kind of hard to eat, but it was still good though. The jerk chicken was way too spicy for my taste. Average pricing for some good wings.Chick-a-licious has guts. Taking on you-know-who's burgeoning fried chicken and donuts empire in their 'hood is like one of the corner boys on The Wire making a run at Omar. If you come at the king, you best not miss.
My 10 piece of the double fried wings ($10) was joined by a basket of fries and was a lot of food, even for someone who just huffed and puffed his way through a 4 mile run at a Kenyan-esque 9 minute/mile clip. I canvassed the menu board before the unconditionally pleasant owner/manager recommended the sweet chili glaze, and, forever grateful when an employee makes an actual endorsement over a "everything's good" shrug, I went for it. But the sweet chili has more of the former than the latter in its DNA and it comes off too candied for me. Small clumps of the sugary glaze stick to your fingers and are constant reminder of this. 
However, Chick does paint its wings with fine brush strokes instead of drenching their pollo in sauce. This keeps the bite in the nicely crisped skin.I got a message from the owner with an invitation to try to place again after my previous review.  I took him up on the offer and was pleasantly surprised that they did indeed greatly improve their batter formula so that it was more crispy and closer to the real "cafe soho" style wings.  I would go back whenever I have a craving for double fried wings!I order from here often... I wouldn't say every week but I do maybe once a month (have to watch my girlish figure) but I love the food!! It's always good! I've never had a complaint!! I'm actually going over there today for lunch!!This place must be a hit or miss spot depending on what you order. I hate leaving negative reviews, but after throwing away 8 wings I got to. I ordered the double fried spicy garlic wings. One word....TERRIBLE. You'll be eating more skin then meat.Went in over the weekend for lunch and was kind of disappointed. My chicken and rice met the criteria of 'acceptable' but the lady absolutely despised the chicken tenders and found the mashed potatoes to be of poor quality as well. If you're hungry and you're in the area I'd just go next door to Midtown and get some better chicken tenders there. It's possible that we really missed out by not getting the fried chicken proper, but that's a gamble I won't bother taking.So me and my friend were walking downtown with only $11 bucks (because we spent all of our allowance) earlier that day, and we stumble upon this place. My friend points to it and says, "I think we could get something from there with the money we have," so I shrugged and we went in. We both agreed that we would get two batches of chicken wings (5 each? I think...) and split the basket of fries.
Mhmmmm, this would a very YUMMY find.
The chicken was juicy and the barbeque sauce was really sweet with a small hint of tang in it. The fries were hot--maybe could have used a bit more salt--but still good overall. The chicken had very tender skin and ripped off when you took a bite. It was definitely good, like, KFC good (lol). 
My friend called me and told me it made her mouth water just thinking about and we both agreed that we would come back again.I was walking down 11th street and saw this restaurant. It looked very neat and trendy so I figured I want to give it a try. I tried the crispy wings with honey barbecue and boy was it good. Wings tender inside and crunchy batter outside  with delicious favors.  It also came with a coleslaw side that was tasty. I would definitely be returning to this joint.Awesome fried chicken. A new fast food joint around Jefferson Hospital in Center City. Great variety of sauces and the chicken reminds of some of the best Bon Chon chicken that I had in NYC (without the steep price point). Ordered a bucket of about 40 chicken wings for my buddies and I to chew over Sunday Football. Definitely great value and taste. Adding to my list of routine joints.Some of the best wings I have ever had. They make them just like I like them and make them at home. I order the buffalo wings plain, all flats, mild sauce on the side and they are fresh, made to order, crispy, with the tip still added. OMG!!!! Perfect! The onion rings and the fries were fantastic, as well as the rice. Coming from Birmingham, Alabama where we love our chicken and our wings, this place was superb. Everyone was nice and it is such a clean little spot. So glad it's right across from TJU hospital where I'm working.My first trip and only got the chicken soup.  It was not really hot but hot enough to enjoy. You do get a lot for the money good value on this. I enjoyed it but with all soup would really like to know the sodium content. Alot less it seems than the commerical soup out there but still would like to know.  I would get this again will go again. I will try the chicken. It was a nice place seemed clean. I will agree service was fast and friendly. Will up date when I have the chicken.The service was fantastic. They very attentive. This is my new spot!! Wings were outta this world.. It's very clean inside this establishment..I did not enjoy their "Famous Double Fried Chicken".  The batter lacked and the sauces we had were not good. Hot & Spicy tasted like spicy ketchup & soy garlic tasted like thick soy sauce. Perhaps the other food on the menu is good. Just really disappointed....Got the soy garlic crispy wings (6 of them) they were good. But do not get the Mac and cheese. It's regular macaroni but they use the kraft cheese powder packets it's totally obvious.  I will get the wings but probably go for another side next time.Double fried wings aren't bad. Not the best korean style fried chicken I've had, however. Good for a quick pick up at lunch or dinner.
Would recommend soy garlic flavor.Couple weeks until my diet starts so I was looking to wreak havoc on this place... Average at best. I got an order of 20 crispy wings with buffalo, soy garlic and wasabi aioli. The sauces were mediocre and the chicken was moist but bland. It needs more seasoning in the breading. They also do not deliver as apposed to what this and their website says.During my year of school, I must have visited this spot a dozen times or more. I have tried their rice bowls, theirs salads and of course their double fried wings!! They have over ten different sauces for their wings... And their green cilantro based sauce is great as a salad dressings or for dipping fries. Honestly I use it on everything!! 
They are pretty economical and definitely give you a bang for your buck. Big portions of satisfying and savory food for your money. I have noticed you get more food when you eat in than take to go. 
Lastly the wings are indeed freshly made so expect to wait at least 15 minutes... Or call ahead for pick up.Try the double fried wings - finally some good wings! Sides are pretty good as well. Delivery was fast.dude dude dude dude dude bro! you wanna get some bad-ass fried chicken?? This chicken is totally sweet, pimpin. I'm not talking about some bogus-ass Wendys or KFC chicken. This place is sooooo sweet!! I seriously mean it. Get the 10 piece boneless wings for $8.00. May be not too filling but it's legit crispy. like crispy crispy.I was in the mood for some honey BBQ wings and it hit the spot. The extra crispy wings were really good!Got a chicken cutlet sandwich and honey bbq wings. Chicken cutlet sammie was legit, like one of the better sandwiches I've had in quite sometime. Wings would have been great naked with sauce on the side, but it was gooped on there and was a real pain in the dick to eat, it also took away all the crispiness from the breading, which to me is the whole point of korean wings. I'll try em again though...naked.I'm impressed.
My coworker and I ordered the Famous Double Fried Wings.  I got Sweet Chili and she got Soy Garlic.  Both were good.  Mine was spicy which I like.  I did think mind wasn't as crispy as you might find with normal Korean Fried Chicken but I tried one of the soy garlic and that was nice and crispy.  maybe it was the sauce that took away some of the crispiness in mine. 
the only gripe is that delivery doesn't start til 2pm so we had to wait awhile before we could order.Husband and I were craving some fried chicken wing, my friend recommended soho cafe. But since soho was closed due to holiday, we yelped to see who else have bon chon like wings. We concluded to the following ..
Pro
- the wings were still crispy after 1 hr car ride (Traffic was bad today )
Con 
- they did not valid their 10% off and said it was for drinks only. 
- each order came with French fries. (Wish they indicated that somewhere on the menu). I ordered extra French fries not knowing .. I assume they come with pickled radish like bon chon
All in all. The place was pretty good if you're looking for bonchon like wingsWent back again and got the crispy sandwich double with onion rings. So good and tasty. That chicken is huge and so tasty. Love the crunch and freshness of the vegetable.habanero chicken and a side of mac n cheese that tastes like kraft
a surprisingly satisfying combo, especially after drinking...We've become regulars who come whenever we get a hankering for Korean fried chicken and the yummy garlic soy wings.  But when we ordered delivery at around 6P during the superbowl, we were told it would take "at least an hour and a half."  We were actually fine with that, figuring we'd have the wings in hand by halftime.  At 7:45P I called to make sure they didn't forget our order and was told "the delivery guy left and is on  his way."  We waited and waited and ... nothing.  Not even a call to apologize.  Unfortunately, you've lost our business Chix and Wings.Excellent bowls and the wings are great too.  The only Negative is their not-so-fresh veggies that come with the wings.  If they are brown, they might be better off not including them with the meal.  
Will still come back.  I hope they do a visual check in the future.This is one of favorite spots for lunch or a quick dinner. I love the menu, their wings and Mac n cheese are delicious and mouth watering. I also love their rice bowls, they give you the option to choose between white and brown rice, and what kind of meat you'd like in your bowl. My favorite is the sesame chicken salad, I never order salads from fast food places because they're always very bland, and not well put together, but the salads at Chix & Wings are very good. I love this place, and service is not that bad either.All things chicken in one place.  Wings, bowls--which are a choice of rice, topped with chicken.  One of the rice choices was soy lime, so I have to go back for that one.  I ordered the fried chicken sandwich.  The bun was fresh, it had a good amount of chicken strips, the batter reminded me of teriyaki.  Wasn't a lot of flavor to the chicken, I'd describe the flavor as "deep fried".  Fries had a nice crisp texture and were hot.  No complaints but not a wow experience.  It's on my list of places to stop when I want fried, or want chicken.  The bowls intrigue me so I'll be back for one of those.   Lots of flavor choices with the wings but I'm not a wing guy.I walk by this place all the time but actually made my way in for the first time today...and it was an awesome decision! 
The staff is super friendly and the food was delicious. I had the chicken tenders, which were HUGE (I couldn't even finish 4), with Mac n cheese and fries. They also have a variety of sauces. Everything was great...and the pricing isn't bad at all. I'll definitely be going back!If chicken wings with the fine hairs left on and Mac and cheese soup (perhaps it was from a can) sound appealing eat here. Idk the chicken sandwiches  looked good should have gotten that.Have had both the smooth and creamy rice bowl and the spicy sayce rice bowl - I liked the smooth and creamy option a little better but both are very good, especially for the price ~ $7. The bowl comes with white or brown rice and a little salad, shredded carrots and broccoli are also in the bowl. It is a good amount of food for just one person and may last you two meals if you're not a big eater. It's a great lunch or dinner option and it is prepared very fast, less than 10 minutes.For all you Soho - Bonchon chicken fans: Compared to Soho the sauce is not "completely" on point. However, I must say, for center city, this is not bad at all. Also, the price is "slightly" cheaper that soho, and the wings are definitely bigger. 
Cons: All the unnecessary side choices. They are a bit cheap on the portion of the sides (radish, rice). They charge an extra $2.00 for sides, and the sides don't really seem that fresh. The false advertisement of being "Korean." I'm sorry but I didn't see a single Korean person working there, nor do I think it is even Korean owned. 
Pros: Convenience, local, worth the price. 
I recommended this place to my eye doctor who is a huge fan of soho, he said he liked it too. This place was pretty empty when I went here. I was here twice for take-out. 
Recommendation: go with double fried spicy or soy garlic!Not Cafe Soho's Korean style double fried wings at all!
Although they mention it in the flyers in the restaurant, this place unfortunately can't compare to the Cafe Soho franchise wings.
Overall, the wings were crispy and well cooked, the size for the wings were average, altougth the drumsticks were on the larger side.  The wings weren't too fatty overall, but it would have been nice if my wings were tossed in some kind of sauce rather than just served plain.
The included sauce was sweet, and it seemed like it came straight from a giant jug somewhere in the back of the kitchen.
My included side of mash potatoes was warm and soft, about on par with Boston Market quality.
3/5 stars for food, 4/5 stars for service.
Maybe, I will come back for the chicken bowl combo, but will probably avoid the expensive average chicken wings until they make a "real" Double Fried Chicken.