The sandwiches are fresh and there is a large variety to choose from. The prices are fair and the staff very friendly. A great deli.Since they've opened, Christie's has been my go to  spot. Of course the food and coffee is delicious, creative, and fresh. But what really makes me a fiercely loyal customer are the owners, Silvie and Okie. They are the sweetest, friendliest, and, yes, caring shopkeeps. I love throwing my support behind hardworking, family-owned enterprises. There are so many options in the neighborhood, in the end, at Christie's they know you, your name, your tastes. This ain't some auto-fill, this is the real deal!I've only been here twice but they have a customer in me for as long as I live in this area. The staff is extremely professional, kind, and courteous. They welcome you with what looks like genuine smiles. Apart from great customer service they have a large menu and the good is super good and the price is amazing . Especially for the area it's in, things can get expensive here quick for the simplest things but this place has exceeded my expectations. Oh and they are extremely fast always under 5 minute wait.I love Christie's. The owners are kind and welcoming, and the food is wonderful. If you need a sandwich, stop in. Breakfast and lunch are bothThis is the best sandwich shop in the area with the best customer service. All Board Head meats and cheeses, so no fillers or gmo's like the other brands, just quality stuff. I've had a different sandwich every time I've gone in and it's always done right, not skimpy at all, and all at really great prices which is good for a student on a budget. They make everything fresh and right on the spot when you order, and to top it all off, the owners are genuinely nice people and want you to make sure you enjoy what you ordered unlike most other spots in Philly! Also, they do different specials everyday, and are all homemade. Try this place once and I guarantee you will be hooked...
P.S. I'm a food snobI've been a resident of this neighborhood my entire life, and I've been waiting for an establishment like Christie's to come along. The staff is incredibly friendly, always smiling, and consistently offers unique and delicious suggestions to compliment your order. Their menu is extensive, which could make it quite overwhelming! However, everything has been delicious.
Walking home from work in the brisk cold, up the brutal hill of 19th street has become a little more tolerable now that I know that Christie's is there, waiting for me. Hot, homemade soup and warm sammies will ignite even the pickiest of cravings.
They also have La Colombe coffee. Let me tell you, I hopped on the La Colombe train about 12 years ago, so it's really exciting when I see an establishment offering their products in their window. YES!
Yes, I travel to some (larger) stores nearby for my weekly goods. BUT, I STILL stop here on my way home for coffee, lunch, and dinner. On Saturday mornings, I walk HERE for breakfast sammies. Their service is unbeatable, the quality is outstanding, and their friendliness is radiant.
I've had their salads, which are DELICIOUS and huge. I usually divide them in half and take them to work (or class) because I enjoy all of the jealous, wandering eyes that make their way to my grub. Suckers. I've also had great breakfast sandwiches here, and they really customize them however you prefer. I sway toward the classics, so I enjoy multigrain with bacon, egg, and cheese. Had I stood there longer, I may have opted for a spinach wrap or fun bagel spread. Be sure to read ALL of their specials. Especially the ones that linger on the board outside.Good food and an even better atmosphere. The kind of place where you walk in and the crew behind the counter all say hi with smiles on their face. They already know your order and get right to work on it. Friendly, quality, and fair prices. Exactly how a neighborhood deli should be.Great sandwich! Even better people who work there. I had a pretty good day, but this place was the highlight.Very friendly service. Cant beat smoked salmon bagel for $5.99! Great bacon avocado bagel sandwich too.It's an incredibly delicious deli in the Fairmount/Spring Garden area. There's nothing bad to say about this place - the food is delicious, the workers are the friendliest people and the prices are reasonable. Thrilled to have a good deli around the corner!Awesome place to grab a coffee and a good sandwich. The owner is the friendliest woman and always greets with genuine excitement. This is really the only place I found in philly that you can get a large La Colombe coffee with almond milk free of charge for $2.00! The sandwiches are delicious as well and great for vegetarians so I definitely suggest grabbing one to try.This is my favorite deli ever.  Excellent staff and they treat you like family.  The food is always made quickly and always quality.  Every item I have tried off the menu has been great.  My roommate and I always rave about Christie's Deli, and I am glad others are feeling the same!Absolutely delicious sandwiches and great customer service!! Try the buffalo chicken speciality sandwich.Girl at the counter knows her shit. She's a veteran of the sauces. Steady 5 stars, wouldn't hesitate to return. Food rocks. Also have some like prepackaged grapes that fit nicely in the car cup holders.Small place, but great quality. I tried the honey turkey hoagie and it was really good. Great roll and good amount of meat and cheese. I will definitely be returning for more hoagies.Great place for a quick lunch! I had the chicken pesto panini and it was tasty! Staff is very friendly too!Really great local deli that uses the best Boreshead meats and give u a great sandwich at a reasonable price. I had a 599 pastrami Reuben that was awesome and my date had a really tasty Asian chicken wrap. The place is also present and clean with 5-6 tablesMy sister in law found this place on Yelp and we decided to give it a try because the reviews were great and the prices were reasonable. We were feeding a crowd of kids after a trip to the Franklin Institute. First of all, when we walked in with seven children, the owners did not recoil in horror! They welcomed us sincerely. We were able to feed ten people for $35! We split nicely-sized hoagies and large bags of chips. The kids enjoyed basic Boars Head hoagies while us moms enjoyed delicious paninis. Everybody had more than enough to eat---we had leftovers! The bread was awesome. The picky eaters were even able to get Chobani yogurts for $1 a pop. Besides the delicious, well-made food, I was very impressed by the friendliness of the owners. This is a great family-owned business. I will definitely be back to enjoy their food and their hospitality!Great prices. I got a breakfast wrap that was delicious, good amount of eggs and cheese, a water bottle, and their largest size coffee and it was under $9! Woman working was super friendly too. Definitely my new go to deli!Always looking for good deli in the area and I have finally found it. Christie's deli has a huge variety of sandwiches, hoagies, salads and more. The prices are great, especially for the quality they offer. The owners are super friendly and even offer suggestions which is always helpful. I ordered off the spicy menu that they have posted on the counter and got the Taylor's Special panini which will continue to bring me back.I'll there 2 days ago  have a hoagie was real good!!  A real  good place to get a sandwich and  Good Customer service .Saw the positive reviews so I decided to give it a shot. The woman who took my order was friendly and they got my food out fast. I was pleasantly surprised to see they had Boars Head products. Very reasonably priced. I have no complaints.Delicious! The friendly faces at Christie's always make the best food! Whether you're ordering a breakfast sandwich, sub or salad, you're guaranteed to be satisfied and leave full! A favorite of mine is the breakfast wrap with sausage, and all of the paninis are so good! wish this place was opened later during the night or on sundays. Would highly recommend swinging by if you're in the area and need something quick and deliciousThis is a great neighborhood deli. Prices are very reasonable and quality is still extremely high. I really like their speciality sandwiches and breakfast food, but really you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The staff is also so friendly and extremely personable. I just moved to the area but everyone who has come in it seems like they know by first name. I will definitely return and looking forward to making this my go to local deli.The food is fresh and well-prepared and the people who work there are so nice and friendly! Great little deli.Great little spot for a sandwich or coffee! I'm giving such a high rating because they serve large $2 La Colombe coffee which is a great city find. I walked in there once and asked for almond milk and the lady said they don't carry it but then said that she should and next time I come in, it will be there. I came in a week later and there it was by the self serve coffee! Such sweet staff which makes it such a great home deli vibe. Good coffee, good price, good people.This deli is amazing!! Great prices, great food, and the friendliest staff. My favorite are their paninis and the Christie's special wrap. The wraps all come with tortilla chips and a pickle. I still need to try their coffee (only $1.50!) and breakfast sandwiches. The staff is so helpful and always greet you with a smile.Great spot! Owners are friendly and attentive - they clearly care about their business. The sandwiches are quite good and thoughtfully crafted. The prices are very reasonable!After getting up at the crack of dawn to go vote, I stopped in here briefly on the way to grab some much-needed coffee and a breakfast wrap. The coffee is La Colombe and $1.5, which I think is probably the best option for coffee within a few blocks' radius. 
I took the sandwich to go and ate it when I got to my office. It was one of the best-valued/best quality breakfast wraps I've had in Philly. For $4.99, I got to select the type of wrap (spinach, in this case), and it was filled with generous amounts of freshly made eggs, thick-cut bacon, onions, tomatoes, and lettuce. I elected to add some hot sauce and to substitute American cheese with cheddar, and it was delicious! The wrap is lightly toasted to seal. It was delicious and filling. I could only eat a half for breakfast, and then ate the remaining half at lunch. 
They also have simpler breakfast sandwiches for an even better value. I would definitely like to try their regular sandwiches. They use high quality Boar's Head deli meats for all the sandwiches. They also have some tasty-sounding salads, an eclectic assortment of drinks and snacks (they have Kinder snacks!!), and the service is very friendly. This place will definitely be the first to spring to mind if I ever have to stock up on sandwiches for an apocalypse. Or to simply grab a good sandwich.This is the best deal in town, great sandwiches!  Excellent service and wonderful couple.  They really have a great selection of chips and other snacks, and even let you taste before buying!!  Very personable and reasonable.  I think they have the best tuna sandwich I have ever had!This place is sandwich heaven. The quality of the sandwiches is top notch- fresh, good quality ingredients, well-made and well priced. The service is super friendly and fast, and they offer a great variety of chips, drinks, snacks and desserts to finish off your meal. Plus breakfast options!  
Christie's is really a hidden gem.This is the best deli in Fairmount.   They use Boar's Head meats and cheeses.  Everyday they have a new special with an Asian twist.  The spicy chicken salad sandwich is an everyday sandwich that is to die for.  On Thursday's they have an amazing spicy meatball sandwich.  
I eat here twice a week, every time it is a pleasant experience and I haven't ever had a bad meal.
The owners are extremely friendly and very welcoming.
Highly recommend Christie's Deli for your next lunch, dinner or snack.It's impossible to have a bad experience here. The owners are SO nice and friendly. I always come and get a breakfast sandwich with my boyfriend but today he got pancakes and they were really fluffy and great. The owners always great is by name when we come in and really make sure we enjoy our time there.It's been about a year since I moved to Houston and the #1 thing I miss most about my old neighborhood is Christie's.. 
The food is priced well and delicious, especially the rotating home made sandwiches (spicy meatball sub). It's a family run deli and the type of place where they'll remember your name and your order. They are genuinely good and hard working people.Great corner deli. I order from here easily three times a week and my order has never been wrong. Staff is friendly and helpful and makes good recommendations on new menu items to try. Really nice place!Great place to stop for a sandwich or a snack if your in the area. Don't let the tinted windows fool you they are open.By far the best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had. Coffee is strong and delicious. Staff are SO cheerful and accommodating. They offer so many options and are extremely flexible with customizing.   Haven't tried their lunch yet, but from what I've heard and seen it's equally as delicious as breakfast! If I ever move out of the city, this will be the establishment I miss most.Christie's Deli is an Art Museum gem with great specialty sandwiches and lunch specials. The owners greet each and every customer with a smile! The deli meats are fresh made by Boars Head. They offer many combinations of sandwiches, smoothies, and groceries. They also sell different types of snacks and drinks! La Colombe coffee is served too! Can't ask for a better neighborhood deli!Fantastic little sandwich shop run by some of the most pleasant people in the area.  They use boar's head lunch meats and their hoagies are always expertly prepared and reasonably priced.  Previously,  for similar hoagies I would frequent J K market just up the street on 19th,  but they closed,  and these guys opened.  We're lucky to have a place like this in the neighborhood and I order here whenever I'm in the mood for a delicious sandwich.This place is so awesome. I've been here twice and always crave it and can't wait to go back. I've had the Cuban sandwich and the caprese chicken salad which is my personal favourite. The people who work there are so kind and quick with your order. I only wish I worked closer to here so I could get lunch more often! Only downside - they're closed on Sundays and close I believe at 6 PM.The workers are very nice and helpful. They offer a good variety of sandwich choices using boars head meats and everything is reasonably priced.
One thing - if you're looking for a breakfast sandwich you have to order before 12! I found this out the hard way.I don't write a lot of reviews but this one is the most friendly lunch place in Fairmount. Their salmon sandwich, Cobb salad with sesame oil dressing are my favorite! Very reasonable price. Very friendly family.Got an Italian Deluxe-  great straight up hoagie. I tasted the day's special, Spicy Curried Chicken that was absolutely delicious.  I'll be going back!One of the best breakfast sandwiches in the city! Very friendly staff and quick service. Unfortunate they're not open on Sunday.Made my own turkey provolone hoagie and it was perfect. Boars Head meat sliced paper thin, roll was soft and chewy, veggies were crispy. It reminded me of a good, classic NY deli. This is the best sandwich spot in the area, no doubt.This is a great sandwich shop in the Spring Garden/Fairmont area. Small and unassuming, the hoagies, paninis and other sandwiches do Philly proud. I love their corned beef special, one of my favorite sandwiches, and it's super good at Christie's. 
The Korean couple that run the place are great, and the prices are very reasonable.This place is fantastic! What a find. I swung by on the way home from the gym for a bc4 and some other breakfast goodies. All very yummy. The salads and paninis are amazing. Everything is super fresh and the prices are good. The owners are very nice and really take pride in their shop and their food. You won't be disappointed!The best breakfast sandwich in the city. Something about their bacon egg and cheese with a hash brown in the bagel covered in chipotle mayo just makes for a perfect weekend morning. The staff are friendly and always recommending great items. Lunch is also great. The daily specials keep me coming back, especially the spicy meatball parm hoagie. Great selection of drinks and candy too.AIR HORN AIR HORN AIR HORN 
DELICIOUS FOOD ALERT
My fiancé and I come here before work all the time! We usually get the mikes special breakfast which is funking awesome. 
Eat here or suffer regret.
Ps they also have super awesome very reasonably priced salads which is great to get in the morning and save for lunchFirst off, if you're in the need of a pick Pick me up, look no further, all you have to do is walk in and the couple that works there will make you instantly happier with their great mood!! 
On top of that they do a great job being a great local deli. I had the ham egg and cheese on a bagel today and it was very good and only 4$. They will make you whatever you want pretty quickly as well. They serve la Colombe coffee and it's also only 1.50$. They have some limited seating outside and inside. 
Can't wait to try some of the sandwiches on the menu for lunch!Great deli for any type of sandwich you are looking for. The normally have delicious specials in addition to the regular menu. The owners are an extremely nice couple who care about their customers and their business. I highly recommend Christies!!Great little sandwich place. Quality was perfect. They have seating for about 15 and some sidewalk cafe tables. A fully loaded hoagie for $7 is a bargainAmazing food and even better people.theirbfood is always fresh, and made quick. I have never been disappointed. The people who work there are so nice, they make my day every time I stop in. Their spicy menu is great, the paninis are solid.Great neighborhood deli, friendly staff. I had a delicious coffee and breakfast sandwich for a good price. I want to come back for lunch nowThis place is incredible!  Everything is amazingly fresh, made to order, and the staff couldn't be nicer!  We went 2 days in a row on a short trip to Philly!Love this place, and I'm sad that I no longer work close enough to stop by more often, although they're worth going out of the way for. There's an amazing selection of sandwiches that are delicious and huge, plus they delicious breakfast sammies and a rotating menu of hot lunch sammies, too. Add that to fresh coffee and a lovely selection of snacks and sodas (I love the lil' packs of Walkers Shortbread cookies conveniently stashed near the coffee, as if to suggest that's how I should start my morning...point taken, Christie's!). Plus the owners are lovely and really nice.A must try. Finally, a deli in the area that serves quality food! The grilled chicken pesto panini amazing.  And they have Boar's Head!  So happy they opened.The owners and staff are great, and they use fantastic products. Always a good sandwich!Christie's is a great little gem tucked away on 19th street. The sandwiches are great and you can tell the ingredients are fresh. The customer service is superb. The owners always ensure you leave satisfied. I'm so happy I discovered Christie's.Yup, this is my 3rd review and still would give more than 5 stars if possible!  Today I had tomato soup and a cheese & bacon panini....talk about comfort food!!  Soooo good.  The tomato soup has actual chunks of tomato in it, delicious!   Everything they make is great!!Christie's really is a gem.  They have an amazing selection of pocky and other snacks in general as well as different drinks to go, smoothies, and of course, their deli sandwiches!  They use Boar's head brand deli meat, so if you're not a fan then this place wouldn't be for you at all.  The deli meat is packed super generously in their sandwiches - when I was there I got a bold jerk chicken panini from their spicy menu.  Wasn't exactly spicy but also I have a super high tolerance for spice.  My partner got one of the ruebens.  We both enjoyed our sandwiches immensely, the bread was toasted to absolute perfection!  
We also got two smoothies, I got a watermelon, mango, pineapple smoothie and he got a blueberry banana.  Both were super refreshing and the fruit in it tasted super fresh too.  The weather was beautiful so we took a quick walk to Matthias Baldwin Park which is basically right next door and ate our sandwiches outside and had a perfect picnic.  There's a bit of seating inside, but honestly if it's nice out I recommend taking your goods to go.  The service is super friendly and pretty quick.
I'm so, so excited to have this nearby me and would definitely stop in for a quick brunch / lunch or just snacks.  I definitely would try out the other sandwiches on the menu as well - there are so many! This place has something for everyone.Great deli! Really fast service and always quality sandwiches.
Highly recommend the Christie's special wrap.BOMB breakfast sandwiches!!! Friendly staff and quick service. I'm very particular about my BEC sandwiches so when I came across Christie's after having just moved to Fairmount, I was thrilled.My FAVORITE neighborhood deli! I've gone here so many times, I can't even tell you how many punch cards I've gone thru. They are always fully stocked and have the freshest Boar's head meats and cheeses.
The owners are super sweet and very conversational. I've gotten to know them over the year and truly appreciate when they recognize me over the phone and remember order! They have such a huge variety of different sandwiches but you also have the option of creating you own too. You have to try the chipotle chicken panini with pepper-jack and avocado- you will thank me! The amount of meat they cram into the sandwich is unreal! The only downside is when they are closed- but hey it's a family-run business!My favorite deli in the area! Their breakfast is amazing- especially with a hashbrown on the sandwich. Their lunch specials are great- just had the french dip today and the roast beef was roasted perfectly with a nicely spiced au jus. They have all yummy boars head cold cuts. The people are also the nicest in town! Reasonably priced for delicious sandwiches, wraps, and salads.Everything at Christie's is delicious. The salads and sandwiches are so fresh.  Very friendly service!  This is my favorite lunch spot.I have nothing but good things to say about this lovely deli off spring garden. The food is amazing and always freshly prepared. The owners are 2 of my fave people, whom always greet me with warmth and kindness. From my cup of La Colombe coffee to a tasty panini, they have it covered. Stop by sometime, you won't regret itAs deli's go around here, Christie's is definitely the hidden gem and the best in the neighborhood!!! I have tried many things....wraps, soups, paninis, breakfast & lunch, and they have yet to disappoint!  My favorites are Christie's special wrap and pastrami reuben's, which they will also put on a wrap at your request!  They are very accommodating, you can get any sandwich on a wrap and any wrap on a sandwich and they don't get upset when you make to many requests to hold or add ingredients.  It doesn't hurt that the people that work there are super friendly & always very polite & smiling!  They have awesome daily specials too!!!  So yeah, if I could give them more than 5 stars I would but yelp doesn't go any higher!  : )The spicy chicken panini has just the right kick. Really good with the avocado, melted cheese and with either the choice of spinach or bacon. Cheerful, friendly owners.The food is fresh & excellent, the service friendly & fast, and the place is clean!  I'm a big fan of the Christie's special wrap and corned beef ruben.  I'm eating a tuna salad club right now and it's perfect!!  I've visited many times and have never been disappointed.    I ordered a few wrap trays recently for a luncheon at work and everyone loved it!   I recommend Christie's to everyone!Delicious sandwiches. Super friendly staff. Feels like they've known me forever and I've only been there a handful of times! I wish they were open on sundays but appreciate them giving employees time off.I love this place, the food is so good! The workers are really nice and cater to my every need. Best place on spring garden, not too expensive too! Amazing paninisAbsolute go-to for breakfast in Fairmount/Spring Garden. Excellent breakfast sandwiches and wraps, great coffee and reasonable prices. Owners couldn't be friendlier. Have only had lunch once or twice, and was just as happy with the quality. Highly recommend.Our turkey panini with avocado, onion, and spinach (on the spicy menu though not spicy) was delicious! The total antidote to a freezing 10-degree day before visiting the Barnes Foundation. 
Also, the owner and cook is so sweet and easygoing. A great small business to support.
5 stars!!!!!I come here for breakfast frequently and have never had a bad experience. Even if it is crowded the food is prepped to perfection and is always quick. They have amazing lunch sandwiches and panini's as well. Great prices and great service!Get the grilled chicken club! it's fantastic, fresh and incredibly filling. 
The owners are friendly and welcoming and the deli feels like a pillar of the neighborhoodA great hole-in-the-wall deli. Great sandwiches and good prices. I ordered the P1 - a grilled chicken breast panini (comes with tomatoes, cheese, and basil pesto on the sandwich). The sandwich was delicious - I really liked the basil pesto. It is of note that the pesto is spread on both sides of the sandwich, which worked for me, but if you want less be sure to ask for it on one side only. 
I also love that they carry Joe Tea - one of my favorite drinks. Staff was friendly and efficient. Would definitely recommend and return as it is right near my friend's apartment.I ordered from here after my co-workers raving about this place and ordering every day for a month straight.  Normally I do not eat lunch but today I did and I am glad I did.  I ordered the Italian Hoagie deluxe.  It was delicious.  The ingredients were extremely fresh; excellent meat, cheese roll ratio, and it was a great size.  When I opened it I was struck by how pretty the sandwich was. The sandwich looked like it should be in a commercial or on a menu board.  I will definitely order from here again.  This hoagie is probably the highlight of my month.This place offers friendly service, delicious food, and reasonable prices. I always stop in here when my family is visiting the Franklin Institute. The owners always welcome us with a smile...they are not terrified of our kids! There is something for everyone here---fancy sandwiches, basic sandwiches, even yogurt and chips for those picky eaters. There are plenty of tables for dining in and good coffee to keep you going. I love patronizing this family business!This place is a hidden GEM!  The customer service is superb and their sandwiches are AMAZING!  I have eaten here a few times and it never disappoints.  As soon as you walk in you are greeted by a smile and a hello from the cashier who I believe is the owner.
They have a daily special and one of them is the spicy meatball sandwich which are a very unique sandwich and always a good decision.  The spicy chicken salad sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had and I order it quite frequently (obviously I LOVE spicy food).
I highly recommend this place the next time you are looking for a good bite to eat.