the steaks were awesome, the curly fries were awesome...and holy crap, they've got a bar! i had two adults and two little ones with me, so me and my friend were able to skip away to the bar for a shot of jager. nice! after that we played a hard core round of 'go fish' with the kids in the booth that we were seated in. 
and i need to go back and get the waitresses name. she is the epitome of accommodating. when i asked her to please check out this curly fry that the nephew REALLY needed her to see, she was like "WOW! ...you get a cookie for having the biggest curly fry ever!" and then she proceeded to shower attention on my little man and dole out the free cookies! she totally made their night happen!
and when the waitress saw my empty water bottle in my hand, she offered to fill it up before we left! i mean, that's just being plain ole' nice! 
i'll be back.The only thing stopping me from giving chubbys 5 stars is that both of my long islands tasted like pure soda. But the cheesesteak and cheese fries were so good. The employees are great too. Very chill environmentExcellent proletariat cheese steak place.  We've been here 25 x's or more during the past (I guess) 8 years and have never had a complaint.  The wait staff are friendly and courteous, the cheese steaks are WAY good and the beer is iced cold (and there are always beer specials).  
OK...., I don't drink beer but my wife does, and,...and, uh...  I don't eat beef because I'm afraid of mad cow disease (yes, I'm eccentric), but the chicken cheese steak w pepper jack, their awesome sweet and hot peppers, raw onions, a splash of BBQ sauce and some pickles is out of this freaking world!!!  I just want one right now!  
If you're a fan of hot peppers, there are 2 varieties that are well beyond the taste buds of mortal men.  Definitely wash your hands before using the bathroom.  
Although I offer 5 stars, the rolls could be crustier, w a good chew, but everything else brings the total to a 5.  Thank you Chubby's!Not impressed mediocre. The food looks good but looks are deceiving. The service was not to par waitress was unenthusiastic. I will say it taste better than dalessandro's but I had better. Compare to Pats and Genos they re not good not saying pats and Genos Is the best.Just wanted to update my last review.  Tonight I was forced to order my late night cheesesteak from Chubby's as my other spot was closed.  Let me just say that the cheesesteak was great!  I realized that I have been ordering cheesesteaks all wrong.  Previously, I have been ordering cheesesteaks with only fried onion, lettuce and tomato.  This time I ordered fired onions, fried peppers, fried mushroom, mayo and ketchup. What a difference!  The cheesesteak was better than my usual spot.  What was even better is that I don't have to have cash when I order here.  Sorry Chubby's for doubting you, it was my fault the whole time.  All I can say is that I was:  "making a bad cheesesteak"I eat here all the time. The staff is great. The place is clean, and the steaks are awsome. Nice pepper bar. They even have beer. Parking is always there. They have fries. Whats not to love.BEST steak's ever! This is the locals boys from the 'iladelph' favorite. 
Since it was my first time, I thought I go for the orginal sandwich which is ordered "a steak with" which consists of thinley sliced ribeye, sauteed onion and american cheese on an amaroso roll. dis jawn was bangin' 
simple & tastyWhenever my husband and I head out to the burbs to visit friends, we like to stop here. Order a cheesesteak and it's yours in just a few minutes. Share some fries, since they give you a lot. The beer list is pretty good, and are cheap (comparably to city prices). They should start selling PBC beer here, because this fun diner is very true to Philadelphia, and you should be able to get a cheesesteak and a local beer here.Chubby's is a pretty cool place. We made the trek from our hotel by the airport to get our favorite cheesesteak for the second time, Dalessandro's, but when we got there the line was out the door and it was packed in there so we said screw it, let's try Chubby's. 
The cheesesteak was pretty good, I got American without onions. The beef had good flavor but it could have used some more cheese, next time I'd probably order extra. The cheese fries were also pretty good. The seating area was really nice, we sat at the bar but there was also room at the booths, which seemed nice. 
Overall the cheesesteak wasn't on the same level as Dalessandro's, and the cheese fries weren't as good as Ishkabibble's, but I'd go back again because of the nice seating area if Dalessandro's is crazy packed and I wasn't absolutely dying for my favorite cheesesteak.
My current rankings:
1. Dalessandro's 
2. John's Roast Pork
3. Gooey Looie's
4. Cosmi's Deli
5. Joe's Steak & Soda Shop
6. Ishkabibble's 
7. Chubby's Steaks
8. Jim's Steaks South Street
9. Pat's King of Steaks
10. Geno's SteaksI love Chubby's!  as a PhilaU alumni, Chubby's and Dalessandro's Steaks were the go-to steak shops for us, not Pat's and Gino's.  The Manayunk atmosphere and true Philly style steak meat step up to the plate here at Chubby's.  
They get bonus points for having fries and for having nice seating with table service.  They also serve Hank's sodas here, which i love.   
the sandwiches are filled high with meat and the employees are always pleasant and helpful. You can also get parking in the small lot on the side, or street parking.
this is my second favorite philly cheese steak!  I dare you to try Chubby's in your quest for the perfect cheesesteak!Love the chicken cheesesteak and twist fries here. Also nice because they take cards whereas the place across the street doesn't! They also sell six packs to go which is nice when I don't have time to find a liquor store.The food was nothing more than mediocre.  I laughed as soon as I walked in because I read a previous review saying the dirty dish water smell hits you pretty hard, they wasn't lying.  The service was extremely slow, I waited almost a half hour for just a cheesesteak.  I think the steak meat itself is better than Delassandro's, however I did enjoy Delassandro's cheesesteak better overall.Have been going to Chubby's for years with no complaints - Went last weekend - and had a horrible experience - arrived home with my steaks with nothing on them that I asked for (no mayo on the bread, none of the cheese I asked for) , and the meat was flavorless
Also - Really disappointed that the pickles and peppers have been moved behind the counter - and having had to ask for them instead of a sign being out that says they are available upon request 
I know weekends are busy - but hoping you guys will improve - really disappointedA good alternative to Del's if they are too crowded.  They make a good cheesesteak here at Chubby's too.  Plenty of seats and has TV and a bar.  Friendly staff.  Take out beer.  They also have bathrooms.Cheesesteaks are bland and there's something off about the texture.  Fun atmosphere and friendly workers, but the food just doesn't do it for me.After years of cheesesteak consupmption and violent debates among friends, I always come back to Chubby's as my all time favorite.
Chubby's steak is of the "chopped" varietal, and for me, just perfect everytime.  The holy quadruple of meat, roll, cheese and onion hit the mark time and time again.
The glorious pepper bar should not be missed.  My favorite are the Italian hots that have been stewed in oil and a few habaneros.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
Chubby's just might also have the coldest most refreshing Rolling Rock to accompany your meal.The best cheesesteak in the Delaware Valley! I've done all the usual hotspots throughout the city, and nothing compares to Chubby's. Nice finely chopped steak, and so much they give you a fork to pick up what's fallen out. When I'm in town and have a hankering, my friends and I will drive about an hour to get our fix. Nice relaxed atmosphere and great waitstaff. The best part? No pushy tourists in sight!I feel justified in comparing Chubby's and Dalessandro's since I ate at both in a  short time span. Being newish to the area, I feel it's my duty to seek out and recommend things to out of town visitors. So this is a two-review-in-one. 
The cheesesteaks themselves are fairly comparable, although Chubby's has a more expansive menu and a wider range of toppings. I did feel like the steak was a little less greasy at Chubby's too. For everything else, though, I can't see why Dalessandro's has a better rating overall on Yelp- is there a certain cache for rude service, cramped quarters, and cash only that makes people feel like brave warriors?
Truth is, Chubby's staff was extremely nice, even though they were busy, whereas Dalessandro's staff seemed outraged that we didn't know what we wanted instantly and we (myself and another non-native) got flustered. Not being originally from Philly, nothing makes me want to frequent a legendary cheesesteak place "for the locals" like rude service...not. 
At Chubby's, the pepper bar, labeled with large pepper-shaped lettering, added some excitement. The booths gave some calm in the storm of a lunch rush. And the curly fries, though I did not partake, sounded fantastic. Chubby's also takes cards, while Dalessandro's does not. 
Steaks being pretty equally delicious, who wouldn't choose service, space, seating, and simple payment as well?My number 1 cheese steak place! THE BEST CHEESE STEAK THAT I HAVE EVER TASTED(there might be better I just havent tasted). Good, original, the night before I left Philly to go back to Louisiana, I bought and brought 5 Cheese steaks back to Louisiana for my family!I keep ordering from Chubby's hoping that each time will be the time I get a good cheesesteak. That and the fact that they except credit cards.  Maybe its my fault I got to stop ordering hoagie cheesesteaks that come with lettuce tomato.  Each time its different: Sometimes I wondered if they forgot the cheese, or why there was so little meat or why meat was not even hot. Then I figured out the reason why there sandwich sucks, is because the lettuce and tomato are underneath the meat taking up too much space in the bread and also makes the meat cold.   I notice that there is alway a small amount of meat on the grill when they are making sandwiches. Is this because they are not busy or they are just cheap with the meat?  I don't know what it is, all I know is I am going to Delassandro's across the street from now on.  Even if I have to pay a surcharge at the ATM to get cash...its worth it.My first Philly Cheesesteak and it was amazing. I was brought here by a local and couldn't have been more grateful for this recommendation. Hands down one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. I'd gotten the Philly with pepper jack cheese and a side of poblano poppers. The waitress, I didn't get her name, was such a sweetheart and she wasn't bothered that I wasn't rushing to order. She also brought out cheese whiz because apparently that's a must with the cheesesteak. I'll definitely be back when I pass through.I really love Dalessandro's and Chubby's.  They are right next to each other.  They have a real similar style, so if you have a real sense for the taste, get a bite here, and go across the street for some Dalessandro's.  I love this place not just for their food, but they got a little bit more space than Dalessandro's.  Steaks are fat, juicy and generous.  Definitely try their chilly paste.  It's awesome!My favorite cheesesteak in Philadelphia. Perfect amount of cheese and steak, always juicy, never dry. They have a great beer selection from craft beer to 40s of the cheap stuff. They also have a few tap beers that they always serve in a frosted mug! Don't bother waiting in line across the street, this is the place you need to be.Great cheesesteaks at Chubby's. No reason to venture across the street to over-crowded Delessandro's which doesn't even take cash and doesn't serve up a better steak. Excellent beer specials for sports events at the inside bar. Extremely friendly staff, keep doing what you're doing Chubby's! Highly recommendHave been going to Chubby's for years with no complaints - Went last weekend - and had a horrible experience - arrived home with my steaks with nothing on them that I asked for (no mayo on the bread, none of the cheese I asked for) , and the meat was flavorless
Also - Really disappointed that the pickles and peppers have been moved behind the counter - and having had to ask for them instead of a sign being out that says they are available upon request 
I know weekends are busy - but hoping you guys will improve - really disappointed 
*Update:. 
-went on a weekday and the food quality improved, went again and the bread was soggy and my cheese steak fell apart - really disappointedWow.  Better cheesesteak than Pats, Genos and Jims combined.  
The place itself is different in that you sit down and a waiter(ress) takes your order.  I got an cheesesteak with american cheese and fried onions.  No accent necessary here with the 'wit' nonsense.  It took a good 10-15 mins but it was well worth it.  It's an abundance of meat but it doesn't lack in flavor at all.The cheesesteaks and fries my wife and I ordered were good but probably not the best we've ever had.  It was nice to have a booth to sit in with our two children.  But my wife and I were both severely sick to the stomach 45 minutes after we left.  We're chalking it up to food poisoning and don't plan to go back.I actually prefer Chubby's to Delessandro's.  They have more choices and the cheesesteaks are comparable in taste.  The staff is always friendly and they take credit cards which Delessandro's does not.  There is a decent amount of seating with wait staff.let me put it to you this way, ever hear of Pats???? Ginos???? Tony Lukes??? .......dogfood!
Roxborough is home to 3 of the best cheesesteak places in the city Chubbys, Dalesandros, and Barrys 
Thats not saying therent other great places around the city, Hell I put Steves prince of Steaks up there in the top 3 in the city 
 IMO this is the best in the city ....This is where you go for a good cheesesteak... a really good cheesesteak, this is one of those best kept secret places its not big, you can drive right by it without ever noticing it 
Which is fine by me because that means ill get a table..=;)I'll keep this one short. Best cheesecake I've ever had do not pass this place up you will be disappointed if you don't eat here. Very small kind of a dive restaurant. But the food is amazing! My only regret is I couldn't have enough room on my stomach to eat three of them. So many different kinds of steak chicken steak cheese steak all kinds of steak. And yet none of them sounded better than any of the other ones. They all looked equally excellent. I ended up going with a regular cheesesteak with American and whiz. I can still taste it now I wish I could go back right now. I also got the fries which were freshly cut and surprisingly tasty. I was also able to get a birch beer on tap and I haven't had one of those since I was a kid. Sorry for that nostalgic moment. Fact of the matter this place is amazing and from all the cheesesteak places I have visited here in Philadelphia this one was the best! Lastly the service was great we had an older waitress and she really took care of us phenomenal experience top-of-the-line service nothing wrong with this place! I can't wait to go back!In my opinion, and the argument of "best cheesesteak in Philly" is just your own personal opinion.  Chubbys wins and never disapoints.I think 2 stars rating is a little bit harsh on them. Don't get me wrong, but there food was delicious! Especially after me and my friends spent a whole day at Devil's Pool near there. I've been here for 2 times already. The first time I gotta admit, I was a little bit drunk but everything seem pretty nice. But the second time was my last nightmare. So after everybody got their bills, we started to pay. I left $20 buck on the table and got out of the restaurant to have a cigarette. I walked back and everybody decided to leave. 
As soon I get to my car, the waitress ran to my car then told me that I didn't pay. I calmed down and told them that I already paid for it, the bill was on the table. The funny thing is all of my friends, saw that bill BEFORE they left the table, just to make sure that we don't "eat-and-run". So.... the story end with the fact that I had to go back then PAY again this time. Then I heard something really, really irritating in the background. I might misheard it, but it was kind of racist. Like I said, I might misheard it, but this was the WORST experience I have with this dinner.
I love the foods, but the service.... I rather to take-out than sitting in there.Cold fries. Cheesesteak with no cheese to speak of (ordered with American). Roll completely saturated in grease. Inedible waste of money.It was a decent philly cheesesteak for a good price. I paid about $13 for a philly and fries. The service was quick and convenient. Make sure to ask for toppings. I didn't ask for onions which I'm accustomed to having as a default, it would have definitely been better with onions.I've had a cheesesteak here and I've had one at that place across the street.  Both were very good and nearly identical, but chubby's sandwiches are $1 cheaper, and they have a parking lot, and they have better seating, and they have frosted mugs.  
Today I had a ham hoagie from chubby's and  it will now be my new go-to spot for hoagies.  It was the best I've had since moving to Philly a year ago.  The ham was sliced extra thin, and there was plenty of it.  The onions were also paper thin.  Bread was soft.  They don't up-charge you for cheese or for provolone cheese on the hoagies. My own personal preference would be for more lettuce, but I know that's not popular here, so maybe next time ill order extra lettuce.  
Since they have the pepper bar they wont put the peppers on for you.went here a few days ago, ordered a buffalo chicken cheesesteak, and the boyfriend ordered a chicken steak with bbq sauce. both were served on a soft amoroso roll, with a generous amount of tender juicy chicken, and a good deal of sauce 
got a "huge" drink... it was rather large, a definite pro. 
overall, a pretty damn good place with decent prices, the only cons being that its a small place, so it may take you a minute to get seated [well worth it in my opinion] and that the parking lot spaces were also limited.Today was my first time eating at CHUBBY's. I had a CHICKEN CHEESE STEAK & FRIES and I must say it was  the best cheesesteak I ever ate in my life. The chicken was so Tender & Flavorful. This was a takeout order and it was speedy I'll Will definitely eat from here again until I start my diet HeheWas surprised to find the cheesesteak bland. Great portions and cheesy but steak itself lacked seasoning.A so-so cheesesteak - they always run a little dry - but a pretty great burger. The waitstaff can be pleasantly gruff, but it's that kinda diner - solid food, super cheap, take-out beer!I think this place gets overshadowed sometimes because Delassandro's is right across the street, but Chubby's has solid cheesesteaks, and also serves fries freshly fried upon order. Plus, they have parking, an actual seating area, and a full bar...a much better place to come if you're actually trying to enjoy your food with friends.Very good cheesesteak  but what made it better was the cold Samuel Adams Oktoberfest draft. Yes the steaks across the street at Dalassandro's are better but it's about quality of life. Elbow room, no line and a menu that will keep me coming backI seriously don't know how this place has good reviews. 
Dry, flavorless steaks. Cold fries. Inattentive wait staff. Didn't get offered a single refill for any of the 5 of us at the table. And did I mention how dry and bland steaks are?
I wish I could give zero stars.Want a good cheesesteak place? That's the place. Fast service and awesome cheesesteak with all kinds of hot peppers! Ask for Eileen. She rocks and is always there in the evening.Chubby's is a local favorite good food consistent service  now offering takeout and carry out beer .... you can't beat Chubby's!Defintely better than Pat's and Geno's but that's not saying much if you like chopped cheesesteak.
This is a Philly institution and has earned the respect that is bestowed upon it because of the cut of meat cooked to perfection with a cornucopia of pickled treats to light a fire on your tongue.
The cheesesteak is similar to Jim's with better toppings and a waitress to serve you.
Brings back great memories.  IF you have no memories here this place may seem like a cut above the rest but nothing to drive out of your way to eat.One of the best cheesesteaks in Philly is no more.  They have new owners who changed the roll, and reduced the amount of meat.  Great cheesesteaks were their core competency, so why change the sandwich?  If it was a profit margin concern I would gladly pay more for the same great cheesesteak.
I gave them 3 stars because the people who work their are great, and they have a bar with a big TV for sports.  However, if your looking for a best in Philly cheesesteak you should look elsewhere.Huge thanks to Chubby's for accommodating our party of 22 today! The steaks were amazing. I'll be back next time I'm in Philly.Went here after seeing that this place was voted one of the top cheesesteaks by Phl17.  Ended up getting the chicken cheesesteak.  It was large and really good.  As a loyalist to the place across the street I will say this cheesesteak held it's own.Decided to give another cheesesteak location a try. I've done Dalessandro's (located across the street), but it was a ways back so I'm not in a place to compare like for like.
     Part of the draw, at least online, Dalessandro's doesn't have fries, and I wanted some as a side. We drove over and ordered to go. I got a cheesesteak with whiz and fried onions, plus the fries and the app sampler.
     The cheesesteak was good. Not too dry, kept a good temp for the 10 minute drive home, onions were cooked well. I'd say the small downside was the onions are in fairly large pieces on top of the steak. I'd prefer diced smaller and incorporated for a more blended flavor, but the total taste was still good. Fries were a good sized order and cooked well. I know it's a personal preference, but I'd say they were slightly above average.
     The sampler was a little lacking. Not bad, but not worth getting again. It was supposed to be two chicken tenders, two onion rings, two mozzarella sticks, and two poblano poppers. On the upside, there were a few extra rings and I think an extra popper. Tenders were pretty good, but the rest was slightly overcooked. The other items had a darker, crunchy breading. I'd say just short of burnt, because not terrible, but noticeable overdone.
     For the cheesesteak and fries, I probably would have gone with a 4 star rating, the mediocre sample knocked it down. So if you're looking for just a cheesesteak, give it a go.Did I come to the wrong place? Did I get confused between this joint and another?
I have no idea. But what I do know is that I was expecting a great sandwich from a place that seemed to have a lot of local, authentic hype...instead I left confused and a bit disappointed.
I couldn't bring myself to order my sandwich with that ooey cheese whiz/nacho cheese stuff. Maybe that was a mistake! Instead, I got my sandwich with provolone and grilled onions. I was expecting a burst of savory goodness, but it seemed pretty bland to me. It's a good value for a nice portion, but the meat was relatively flavorless and the onions ad cheese weren't enough to turn this mediocre cheesesteak into a good cheesesteak.
It was my first time having a cheesteak so I had no idea what to expect, maybe I executed it wrong? Either way, I have no desire to ever try a cheesesteak again.My first philly cheesesteak ever! Chubby's definitely delivered and I enjoyed this classic meal. Recommend it to visitors and locals for an authentic philly cheesesteak. Plan on coming back in the future!It is called Chubby's for a reason, and you will see as soon as you walk in there.
Great burgers and steaks.  The pickle / pepper bar is a big plus.  I would advise getting the twist fries or curly fries as the regular fries are like slabs of potatoes.
Definitely going back.I had my first official phili cheesesteak here!  I really dont have anything to compare it to, but it thought it was pretty tasty.  I also tried their "spicy twist fries" which was essentially thin curly fries.  I was hoping it would be spicy or have some sort of special spices but nada!  At least it was made fresh to order and was straight out of the fryer.  
Overall I would probably come back for another bite.  Maybe next time I'll try adding some of the additional toppings they have to offer!Super friendly staff, clean place. amazing pickle/pepper bar. My family I and wanted to have an authentic cheesesteak and looked to yelp for help. After Reading many reviews we can across this and had to try it for ourselves.Service here is very quick and easy to manage. The menu is simple but has a ton of options to choose from. The cheesesteaks are great and the fries are some of the best around. If you know what you want to order when your waitress comes, your food will be out really quickly!So everyone tells me that I have to try Chubby's cheesesteaks. As it's right across the street from one of my favorite places for steaks I was happy to oblige. I got one of each and ate half the Chubby's and half Dalessandro's. These two steaks are distinctly different in taste. I believe that Chubby's has a much greasier taste. All in all I wasn't a fan. It was not bad but not good either. I live about 20 minutes from Roxborough and I'm happy to make that drive to get a steak from Momma's or Dalessandro's, I won't be making it for Chubby's.Chubby's gives you a rock solid Cheesesteak value - they're cooked to order with tons of flavorful meat that's slightly chopped. Very delish and satisfying.
Unlike alot of other Cheesesteak joints, Chubby's goes the extra mile in taking care of their customers with restaurant booth seating, accepting credit cards, has washrooms, and a 12 car parking lot.The cheesesteaks here are below average in my opinion.  They don't compare to my favorite place across the street.  I normally wouldn't stop in but it was late and they were open.  There are two benefits that Chubby's has though...  They have a full bar and have a fryer so you can get fires etc...New owners have completely wrecked the vibe.  Televisions EVERYWHERE.  The staff has mostly changed, and the new people have a horrific attitude.  Chubby's went from a shabby but cool place with good food to an unpleasant place to be.  
The food quality has dropped as well.  
I used to be a regular, sometimes just for food, sometimes for a few drinks and a snack, but after my fourth visit post-change in ownership I will NOT be back.  I'll take my chances crossing Henry Avenue to get a steak and beer at Dalesandro's...and you should too. 
R.I.P. Chubby's.  I can't see you being open under these new owners much longer.There was a time when Chubby's was my favorite place to go. They were the first steak shop that was also a full bar! Imagine getting a cheese steak and a beer and a shot of tequila to top it off. The waitresses were fantastic not to mention cute ( whatever happened to Tracy :(   ) And the food was great. Last time I was there recently I wasn't as thrilled about it all as I used to be. Service was a tad bit slow and not as friendly as was. But all in all it is still a better steak than any pizza shop I know.This little spot is right across the street from Dalessandro's and I love that place (I go there pretty much every time I'm in town and visiting my grandma) but I wanted to mix things up a little and try it out since my cousin prefers this place over Dalessandro's.
I've got to say, my heart is now torn between these two places. Good thing they're right across from each other so maybe I can do the gluttonous thing and order a sandwich from both places and just eat like there's no tomorrow.
Meat was cooked to order and was made well with quality meat. Had great tastes and flavors in just the right places. Only thing was I was in a rush so I had it to-go and so I didn't get to see what kind of condiments they had there. Wished I had time to see if they had some horse radish. But otherwise, just perfect. The server there was great and quick.
Parking: Street or small lot in front (next to a gas station)
Price: $8 per person
Wait: LittleCheese steak was alright- no Dalessandro's but it was good. The icing on the cake is they do sell fried items. Moss sticks, fries, curly fries... Dalessandro's does not. There is also seating inside Chubby's which is nice.It seems like a crazy thought to occur to me, after having lived in Philly for years and years. "I should eat more cheese steaks," I said to myself. Really?
No, I shouldn't. Really. But that's my brain, for you. Off the rails. We've probably shared maybe four cheese steaks between us, all year, my husband and I. There's a lotta other sandwiches and hoagies out there, you know, and so many other foodstuffs to get into our faces, but with some family in friends recently in town, we found ourselves in charge of a little cheese steak sampling tour for the people and Chubby's was definitely on the docket. Glad it was. 
This little steak shop with a diner counter feel knows what they're doin. My cheese steak with American was delicious. Sweet, caramelized onions melded into the scrambled chopped steak and cheese just right. Folded, sizzling into a fresh Amoroso roll, it was a classic specimen of how these babies are s'posed to be.
I love their little pepper and pickle bar too: Hots, sweets, relish style, and dried little hot chiles fried to black! YES. Other people must dig that selection plenty too cause by the containers of peppers there's a sign that states that unless you've bought a sandwich from Chubby's, you're gonna have to pay for those peppers. Who are these pepper thieves? C'mon ya rude things!
So, according to me, it's no wonder that Chubby's out in Roxborough always seems to be local favorite. It's an instant favorite for me. It's worth a little travelin. One bite outta my cheese steak and I thought, "I should be eating more cheese steaks." Chubby's got me thinkin thoughts.In the great Philly Cheese Steaks wars Chubby's hands down wins best Chicken cheese steak!  They also have a to die for pulled pork and great onion rings.  Must try place with beer to go.  Their Onion Rings and Pulled Pork Sandwiches are "must try".Friendly staff, fantastic cheesesteaks, great atmosphere, clean, and serves beer. What more can you ask for?! I'm mad I've never tried you this gem out before, but it's okay, better late than never!! I will most certainly be back, gotta try the wings next!!In Roxborough there are really only two authentic cheesesteak joints - though many places offer a really nice cheesesteak.  Chubby's and Dalessandro's.  I have not issue with Dalessandro's - they make a good sandwich - but this is about Chubby's so please keep that in mind. 
To the review - Chubby's is excellent!  The steaks are delicious, meaty, juicy, just messy enough, and filled with whatever you want.  There is also a nice relish bar to completely stock your steak - and if you like them spicy this is the place to be.  A cheesesteak is simple though - a great cheesesteak place has more to offer.  Chubby's delivers, with nice (if all fried) appetizers like the outstanding fresh cut fries (skip the neon cheese and go for the malt vinegar), poblano poppers or satisfyingly greasy, crispy, thick onion rings.  
There are more than steaks here too - the burgers are shocking tasty, and the roast pork (get it on the long roll, with long hots, and provolone) drips just enough to keep it moist but not enough to ruin your shirt.  Also: ask if they have chili.  It's not on every day, or even the same days each week, but when it IS on BUY IT.  It is exactly how chili should be made and they should have this on their menu every day, spring summer winter and fall.  (Get the hint guys?)
Unlike most cheesesteak joints Chubby's has almost a full bar - and nothing works like a few cold beers with that steak.  If you don't go crazy you can do a shot or two, and mixed drinks of the simpler variety are also available.  Plenty of beer to go - cheapest to-go Lager I have yet to find!  
Sit at the counter, sit in a booth, dine in or carry out - if you want a real tasty cheesesteak made by really nice people in a casual, fun environment that is clean and neat, Chubby's is the place.  And unlike across the street there are comfortable places to sit, and the line isn't bumping you while you try to eat your lunch.So delicious! Hidden gem in East Falls. Cheese wiz and onion cheese steak is the way to go!I stopped in here because Delassandro's was closed on a Sunday.  I never read anything about Chubby's until I realized Delassandro's was closed and looked on yelp.
I never had a Philly Cheesesteak served to me by a waitress before.  That was kinda weird.  But anyway, the steak was great.  I got a steak with onions and whiz.  The meat was even tasty just by itself!  I definitely can't decide whether or not I like this better than Jim's.
Only thing is, I don't see myself driving all the way out here just to get one of these....I just happen to be by a friend's out who lived less than 5 minutes away.
Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area!My friends and I order...40 min later the women finally realizes that she forgot to put our order in.  Doesn't tell us she forgot then put it at the back (you'd think she'd have the sense to put a rush on it...duh!).  Some dude walk by who appears to be a manager and has the nerve to ask us how are steaks were.  When we replied that we haven't gotten them yet he didn't seem to care at all and just shrugged it off. The customer service at Chubby's is horrible. 
Finally we left and went across the street to Dalessandro's...
Sorry not going back to Chubby's for a loooooonggggg time!Missed out on going this past weekend :(,  but for the whole two years I lived in Philly , Chubby's was always my go-to for Chicken Cheesesteaks!! 
The bun was always warm and soft and the meat, July and flavorful!! The staff were always warm and welcoming as well. Do you self a favor and FORGET about Pat's, Ishkibibbles, Gino's and all the other tourist spots near South Street and make a journey toward Roxborough for the best!!I had been down on Chubby's and had not been there in awhile but decided that enough time had passed to try them again. Well, I am glad I did because I had an excellent cheesteak (extra cheese and fried onions)and the curly fries with cheese were awesome. I find their meat to have a pretty authentic grill flavor I really can't put my finger on but love nonetheless. One thing I will say they are much better eating there with a cold beer!
Sorry Barbie M. but MOST places in the city don't use the ordering standard  "wit". Actually that is the practice at the tourist traps (Pat's and Genos) and the fact that you, being a "philly girl born and raised", it is kind of surprising that you'd just saunter up to the counter and ask for an "American Wit". Haha I'd have asked you "Wit what?" as well.Their steaks have a good meat-to-cheese ratio, and are very filling. They also have a reasonably priced selection of take-out beer.The great cheese steak debate : I like chubby's the best. I love that you can sit down, use your credit card and that the beef isn't chopped to the point is resembles ground beef.When I'm philly my wife and I always try a different cheesesteak place. Located across from another popular steak place, we decided to give chubby's a try! Very happy we did. Ample parking in parking lot, very friendly and prompt service and ample places to sit inside!  They even have a bar! I ordered a cheesesteak with onions and sharp provolone and my wife had wiz and no onions. Roll was crusty but not overly hard, did not dog! Meat was lightly seasoned but not over the top! Overall cheesesteak was very good! As a bonus they have awesome curly fries with cheese.I honestly don't know what has happened to the place I once loved so much???  Today I went and the place was literally empty 1:30 in the afternoon.  My order was taken with my repeating it twice .  When I got to my location and handed out the sandwiches much to my shock nothing and I mean nothing was what I ordered! 
Worse what was provided was mushy bread with little or no contents !  Literally empty bread with low grade minimal contents all of which I didn't order !  This explains why the place is empty!Couple years ago I asked some college students from Temple U. where there's a good cheesesteak that serves beer too in Philly. Some of the popularly known places on the south side don't. Chubby's was a recommendation. Way up northwest Philadelphia! So far off the beaten path, is it worth it? Into Google Navigation. My oh my, not a big place. Parking was small and full too. Drove around and found decent parking with a short walk along the park on Walnut Ln. 
Inside, again small and cozy. The aroma is seductive. You know upon first sight this is going to be a favorite. Yes, beer. One visit during an Eagles game, all draft beers were $2. 
The cheesesteaks are as reported here, the best you will find anywhere. When I go elsewhere Chubby's is my Gold Standard. Usually disappointed as for whatever reason, price, size, taste, doesn't match Chubby's. No pepper bar! The ambiance too. This feels like a clubhouse, a place for locals. Judging from the out-of-state license plates, this is known by serious aficionados as the place in Philly to go. 
Staff are great. 
I cannot keep doing 5 star reviews. 4.5 stars? Chubby's is 5 star.Cheasesteak filled trip to Philly lead me here along with a few other of the great stops.
Worst cheesesteak of the bunch, i mean no cheese whiz on a Philly Cheasesteak whats up with that??
It was dry and bland and also the cheapest, I guess you get what you pay for!Honestly, I stop in to Chubby's about twice a week if not more.  No, I am not "pleasantly plump" because of that...I do not eat a cheese steak that often.  Truth is, it is right on my way home from work, and they have decently priced drinks as well!!! Isaac and I have become Chubby's regulars...lol.  We love the staff!!!
As for the food: 
I would say they have one of the best cheese steaks around.  Sometimes it is better then others, but that's everywhere.  The rest of the menu is good too!  I was hesitant at first to try their tuna...I am always scared to try the tuna.  However, I have to tell you the make the best tuna sandwich, outside of my mom of course.  Also, the burgers are pretty good.  Only complaint I have is that sometimes the rolls are to soft.  Other then that this place is great.
Service: A+
Food: A-
Atmosphere: C+ 
Prices: A
Overall: AI'ma fan. Great service. Great steaks. Waitresses are very competent. Low key and did I mention great steaks?Always a fun jovial crowd, even though I usually pop in and out for carry out. One of my tried and true neighborhood spots. The Chubby Special is hard to beat for this burger loving chile. Price is awesome and it's a real big ass burger, with fries. Always hits the spot!