If you want a sit down meal, a soda and a burger... This is the spot! The burger was fantastic! Medium rare with buffalo mozarella wow! Skip the booze though, one mixed drink was $11!Burgers at breakfast yum!! Finally a restaurant not hooked into all day breakfast menu. 
Watch the fries though thought it had parmesan cheese but was huge chunks of salt. Too much. Otherwise a great burgerI'm very negative on airport cuisine as it's usually overpriced, pre-made, run of the mill food-like substances.  Cibo was a refreshing deviation from my usual experience.  I ordered the roasted beet salad and added grilled chicken breast. It was a combo of romaine lettuce and cucumber slices with a few golden beet slices and a large amount of diced, roasted red beets in a lite vinaigrette.  The added chicken breast was 4 large tender and moist grilled slices.  I was Wowed and ate every scrap of this delightful repast.  My dining partners enjoyed very attractive and tasty Caprese salads with thick slices of mozzarella and some of the plumpest, prettiest and tastiest tomato slices I've seen in captivity. All this with a nice selection of beers (bottled only), wines and bar drinks served by pleasant and efficient servers.  I may have to amend my outlook and more mindfully 'look out' for quality airport options.So after flying in to philly and having a 4 hour delay cibo and dunkin donuts were only places open to eat and since we were starving we went to cibo ordered 4 cibo burgers and a flatbread. It looked like a nice place and we figured the burger named after the place would probably be the best seller which means best item on the menu most of the time. Not in this case the burger came bun was cold the mozzarella cheese on the burger wasnt even warm let alone melted. The patty was overcooked. No seasoning and the fries sucked. I knew airport food wasnt supposed to be as good as outside but i never thiught it would be that bad. The flatbread was nasty and soggy. I have never had food this bad!!! It is the hardest thing to screw up a flatbread!!! Come onnnn! Would rather starve in the airport than eat hereModern decor. Lots of Tv's but not as loud as some of the other places. Excellent food.1. Employee at the counter prepared salads with her bare hands. That is, she scooped up salad greens with her hands. No gloves. And this was right after she had handled cash and credit cards from customers
2. I ordered a 12 dollar Arrabiata Linguine. Tomato sauce, chillies, garlic and parmesan. I was eating it and discovered some pieces of beef. The noodles were thrown away immediately. As a vegetarian and a Hindu, not only was the addition of beef unwarranted it was also offensive
3. Watching them make their salads was quite a scary experience. The same tongs are used to pick up everything: from lettuce, tomatoes, onions, chicken, cheese, croutons etc. If you have any sort of allergies or dietary restrictions (vegetarian/vegan) steer away from this nightmare
I am writing this review from Athens. That is how upset I was at my experience at Cibo that I wanted to let people know ASAP about the travesty that this place is.
I know people don't really look at reviews when picking a place to eat at an airport. But if I could dissuade anyone from eating and spending hard-earned money there, I'll feel better. Not only do they fail several health code violations...their employees and food lacks basic decency. Avoid at all costs.Son just had Caesar Salad and got food poisoning and had to be met by para medics at LAX. Stay away from this place. Market manager is investigating.Airport food just plain ole sucks...unless you are at the JFK Jet Blue terminal but now i've found a great stop at the philadelphia airport.  CIBO Bistro and Wine Bar is YUM.  We had a couple of hours to spare one morning and i wanted a cheeseburger and a yummy cheeseburger I got!  There's a kiosk for ordering to go as well as a full bar.  
I wonder if Cibo is the same cibo to go food I always used to see at the JetBlue JFK Terminal?For an airport restaurant I would rate this five star. Yes, it's very overpriced (the bill for 2 of us with drinks was close to $100) but the selections are varied with several healthy dishes (beet salad, roasted brussel sprouts etc). My husband is fussy about "fine dining" so this fit his standards for atmosphere (the prices scare away travelers with children), food and drink selections. Service was gracious and attentive. If you have the time, it's worth coming here for a relaxing mealGood quick food solid cocktail, wine and beer program.The burger I ordered was the mushroom Swiss and cost me 14.00-ish. With a drink it totaled to 20 dollars. The burger itself didn't have any real taste, but hell it sure had a lot of grease. Disney spring's Dino restaurant charges equal but actually has kick to it and is as big as my head. The fries were tasteless as well. The service too I didn't all too favor. I don't know if it's an airport thing to do but they told me I couldn't sit at one of the tables if I had ordered from one of the machines. There aren't any other tables nearby in which I could eat at so this was a pretty crummy move. Won't ever come here again!It is a good place for killing time at the airport and have a hot meal. The food is not the best thing though and it is slightly overpriced which I guess is to be expected since it is located at the airport. I had chicken with Marsala sauce. The sauce was too watery and it didn't have enough flavor except for the fried garlic in it which I liked but it wasn't very Marsala like. The seating area is very small especially when you have a carry on with you, it gets challenging not to take up the space of the table next to you. Fortunately when we were there not all the tables were full so we didn't have a problem with that.Menu board didn't match the iPad that you use to order the food. There were many items listed on the board that were not actually available or the iPad price was more. The Beet salad was decent and considering being "Airport Priced", pretty much what you would expect. The burger was akin to a school lunch cheeseburger. The patty was a preformed frozen patty that lacked any quality. Regardless of the 13.00 price tag, a cheeseburger from McDonalds would have represented the same thingGreat food. Excellent service. I will make sure I get to the airport even earlier so I can enjoy a glass of wine and an awesome meal before I travel!!What a treat-- an airport restaurant actually worth dining at. We were hoping for a substantial late lunch/early dinner before our flight and had time to kill. Fine dining and airports don't seem to co-exist, but Cibo was delicious! We shared a perfectly respectable Caesar salad, but the pastas really shined. We had fettucine with turkey sausage and fettucine with walnut pesto and arugula, both served with generous portions of shaved Parmesan on the side. The pesto was rich and creamy, the sausage actually a lighter choice, nicely spiced with freshness in the red onions and roasted grape tomatoes. Both pastas were cooked perfectly al dente, full of flavor and served in those lovely wide soup bowls that took us out of the airport and into a trattoria. We also appreciated the choice of wines by the glass, in 5 ounce or 7.5 ounce pours. Papa Bear and Mama Bear could choose just the right sizes. Kudos to the chef, and I actually look forward to another Philadelphia layover.Service was very good and complemented the food. Got the meatball parmesan sandwich and it came out great and came out quick (connecting flight in an hour).Stopped by cibo before my flight and the chef staff and bartenders and servers were very effenciant and friendly and made me feel at home 
Aj Moore and  pheoung Nguyen in particular was very helpful and meet every specific need I had on my order definitely will be back and recommend it to anyone flying in or out of Philadelphia5 stars for my lunch the turkey burger was very tasty with a char broil flavor seasoned to perfection. Great chefClassic example of disgusting over priced airport food. I got the Caesar salad with chicken.  The lettuce was going bad and the croutons were soggy. If I had time to return the salad I probably would have tried. It was gross.Nice place for a quick take out from the fridge case for an in-flight meal.  Remember this is airport food.  The ham, provolone, watercress sandwich on multigrain bread was well made.  The bread was a little soggy but the watercress was peppery but a little wilted.  The tomato was mealy.  The cheese was good with a nice sharp flavor.
Granted it was a good sandwich which could have been better but probably had been sitting around a bit in the fridge case.  But lets be honest this is airport food, expect lower quality and higher prices for it.  IT was a fast pick up and quick check out which makes up for it at the airport in between connections.
As a side note they had single size Pellegrino rather then the ubiquitous perrier, which is a plus in my book.Got off the plane and with an 1.5 hour layover, said "why not".
They have a women standing at front of location, pretty much in the walkway handing out menus.
Salad was nothing to write home about, romaine tossed in too much dressing.
Calamari was not fresh, (no bodies, just rings) it actually had a fishy taste to each bite and looked like they were frozen when put in deep fryer, and very ghetto size on marinara, which I had to ask twice for.
Cesar wrap was pretty big and good. Chicken parm was good but not for the price, and lacked with sauce once again.
Waitress was really nice.
I will try somewhere else on a long layover in Philly.For airport food, this place is pretty great! Excellent service and decent food plus the seating area feels like a restaurant despite being right next to terminals. We ordered the penne pomodoro (classic with lots of garlic) and the meatball sandwich (it was ok but definitely needed more marinara). For a quick meal before my flight, I was pretty pleased with Cibo overall - definitely a step up from fast food and other typical boring airport food!Beats expectations for an airport restaurant.  Our server was very attentive and friendly.  The wine selection was good.  We shared a pork and brocoli rabe sandwich which was good could have a little more seasoning.  White beans with bacon side dish was tasty! Good decor. 3 star review with an extra for service.This was a relatively calm place to eat dinner while waiting to catch a plane. The menu is pretty limited, especially for healthy and mindful eaters, but I found the veggie burger to be just fine (it was a little bland so a little salsa on the side would have been a plus). The waitress did not seem attentive, despite the fact that there were not a lot of customers and the place was nearly empty.  I'd give it more stars had I felt service was geared to hurried travelers or the menu more diverse. 
All in all, though, you are a captive audience at this airport, so Cibo might be one of the best options there.Great little place to kill time before a flight. I ordered a glass of pinot noir and a veggie burger. Both very good. 
It wasn't very crowded so I didn't feel rushed. It's a small place though, so I could see how the other reviewers would have complaints if the restaurant were overcrowded. 
Service was polite and fast.Was this really in an airport???  Best food we have ever had. Pasta pomadora for my husband and mushroom ravioli for me. The wine selections are excellent. Both meals were mouth watering. The Caesar salad was great, too. The owner talked with us at our table for a good long time. What a gem of a guy. This is the kind of service we forgot still existed. We will be back and loved this place. What a nice and escape from traveling-:).What a surprise and a find. Calamari one of the best I've had. Marsalla good as well and the music marvelous in the middle of an airport yet! CJ a great host.I ordered a breakfast sesame bagel with Swiss cheese and ham for 7.00. The side of hash browns are automatically served. The price is high but pretty average since it is the airport. 
What I really like is the to go packaging. My cashier threw in my fork set and extras (napkin, ketchup, ect...) Its hard box will make boarding a plane with my breakfast safe and easy to eat in my lap. For a busy traveler, like myself this one is a winner.I ate here during a layover in philly before making a 6 hour flight.  I had a sausage sandwich that gave me a savage case of food poisoning, making that flight a nightmare.  The wait staff was polite and all, but I just can't recommend this one.Food: The food here is good, but they are "airport" priced. So you're looking at spending $13.50 for a burger, $10 for a glass of wine, and $6 for a beer. I've eaten here on several separate occasions, so it's good enough for me to keep coming back whenever I'm at this airport. I've had their Turkey BLT and the Cibo Burger. The bacon used in the BLT sandwich is made of turkey meat. The waiter will warn you when you order it. The Cibo Burger is my go-to item here. It has been consistently good. I usually pair it with a local brew from Yards. I just might have to venture out of my comfort zone and try a different menu item the next time I find myself here.
Service and location: The service is usually pretty good and fast. If there's a rush of people stopping for a layover, the service can get slow. Try to find a seat at the bar if you can, the service is consistently good from the bartender. They also have outlets at the bar to charge your mobile devices.Impressed with the service.  Unexpectedly tasty arugula salad and grilled asparagus...a nice, healthy meal during my layover.super duper slow service. all we got were two Cibo burgers and water and it took over 20 minutes from the instant we took the order! the place wasn't even full. and the waitress, while attractive...was lagging in every way possible.
that said...the Cibo burger and those parmesan fries that come with it have been spot on pretty much every time i've gotten it. 
i just don't understand in a place so sensitive to time - an airport - how they can be so insensitive to customer's time.We were flying out of Philly on Saturday right as the Belmont was starting. I needed to at least view a little pre-race excitement and we were told we could watch the race at Cibo's. (We were flying out of the new terminal A and would have known to go to the Jet Rock if we were in terminal B). 
The place was packed which I thought was a good sign and a nice couple leaving for their flight offered us a spot at their table. They wanted to pay as their plane was leaving and we told the waitress we had more time than they did. No, she had to take our order first. Then after more waiting she came with the bill and left before they could give her their credit card; not that I would have done it but Dine and Dash came to mind.  Finally they were paid up and left (they even invited us to come visit in North Carolina; I guess we really bonded during that wait). Then after more waiting our drinks came; there was no spice to my spicy Bloody Mary and they mixed up the husband's request for a twist and he received an olive. OK, since it would take so much time we just dealt with it. We then repeated the above wait-for-the-bill act that our friends from North Carolina had gone through. When the bill came it was $21.15 for two well drinks and that did not include tip. 
Please Philly, put a Jet Rock in your new terminal A.  This snotty little place just will not do. Two stars because it is clean and hip looking with a bank of TVs and has upscale food offerings if you are on expense account.Beet and burrata appetizer was delicious!!! Added some salt and it was delightfully refreshing.I ate at the Cibo at Terminal B. I sat at the bar and was greeted quickly and with a smile. I ordered the cabrese salad with a glass of pinot. Both were delicious and just what I needed for the final trip home.Just stopped for a burger between flights. Waitress was attentive and helpful, the burger was pretentious and crumbly. The bun was enormous, making the burger seem like a bottle cap. The fries were over-crisp. The Chickie's & Pete's in C concourse is so much better, if you have time to go there.Had lunch at the Bistro today before flight to Vermont. Service was Excellent and food was Delicious! We had  linguine with crispy pork and a balsamic glaze, Caesar Salad, Gourmet Burger and Red Velvet Cake! Highly recommend! Nice to have a Great meal at the airport! Prices reasonable!This is my happy place. I stop in here once a month for an apple sangria, beet salad and mushroom risotto and can honestly say it's one of my few happy places. All the food here is fantastic.The atmosphere seemed nice for my early start at the airport. Food was less than mediocre and service was worse. I came in at a rather tame time, and although it got busy as my meal progressed, I never got a water or juice refill. Waitresses walked by me 20 times or so and nothing. I also had trouble getting someone's attention to pay my check. In fact, after i asked for my check, I was offered more to drink. Great. My breakfast sandwich was bad, even for airport food. Tasted old and was cold. Homefries were alright, but it is hard to go wrong with fried food. Ill just get an Auntie Ann's pretzel next time.Very new and very fun restaurant. We didn't feel like waiting two hours at Joe's crabshack so we decided to try this place. We didn't have reservations but we were seated in the bar area had excellent service, excellent food, and a great time.  Great ambience highly recommend this restaurant.1st cocktail Citrus Mojito was great. 2nd one came out different and not good. Missing the cucumber, etc. 
Seating is squished and not great for making your way around with bags.
Beet salad was not good. Plain and the beets were hard and cooked improperly.
Chicken on the chicken Caesar was dry as can be. 
Salami plate was poorly done. Oil everywhere. Not tasty either. Not sure how you can mess up a salami plate.
Will not b coming back. 
One big plus, our server was very sweet. Younger girl with long brown hair. Super sweet and attentive. Tried to make things work despite not having the ingredients she needed.
Wine selection was poor. Could have added a few great Napa wines to the list..
Vino Volo much much better. Hope these guys overhaul things. 
I hardly ever give low reviews. Hated doing it but needed to be honest so they can improve.Great restaurant to have dinner prior to boarding. Customer service was great .
I give the service and food 3.5 stars 
I will definitely revisit when flying out.
I enjoyed the spinach salad with shrimp!I had the calamari salad there. It was fantastic. Highly recommended.I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered special off the menu, the chef had no problem accommodating. It was delicious hot and fresh. See my photo. Best airport food I've had in memory. Service was very good and fast!Don't bother sitting in the dining area. Terrible service, terrible cocktails, way overpriced food. We sat for 30 minutes waiting on 2 bagels. Bloody Mary had more pepper in it than the pepper shaker on the table. 3 people who were seated after us we served before us.It took 15 minutes to get the food. I could tell it was made fresh, but i still think for a medium rare tuna steak it was a bit excessive. The steak itself was way overdone and flavorless. The spinach and fingerling potatoes were good, cooked well with a nice flavor. The side salad was not good, whatever dressing they provided was cloyingly sweet. It was also pretty pricey. The meal, with a soda, ended up being close to $40. Ordering was easy though. The iPads were easy to use and help to streamline the process. The kitchen is open so you can watch them prepare the food. It would be nice to have a dedicated standing or seated waiting area. I ended up standing next to the iPads since there was nowhere else to stand and even though I was off to the side people kept getting in line behind me.Had dinner while waiting for a flight out of Philly. There were plenty of empty seats, although close seating due to small space. My table wasn't clean and I informed the server several times before it was cleaned. No big deal though as it was done before my food arrived, which came in reasonable time. My $12 mojito was pretty yummy, though not the best I've had, and unfortunately it was taken away prematurely.  The spinach, arugula pesto pasta was decent, but very heavy. Maybe that is what normal people expect, but not me, I expected salad in my pasta, similar to the salad on pizza trend going now. This place is decent, but I'll try somewhere else next time to save some money.The only reason this does not get 5 stars was it was really crowded as it was a small space in an Airport. Outside the airport in its own location and this place gets 6 stars. 
Best dinner I've ever had in an airport hands down. In fact all future flights from now on I want to route through Philly and get a layover!!
Situated in a nice location located in terminal B right next to B6 gate. This place was fantastic. Great food and great service. CJ took great care of us letting us know whatever we wanted he'd take care of it.
I stared with fresh Caesar salad as we enjoyed a bread basket with EVOO and balsamic. I ordered the mushroom ravioli after verifying they were made local and fresh. They were very good and the cream sauce on top of them was unbelievable. I could have had a side bowl of that alone. 
Find a seat order some food and enjoy this oasis in Terminal B.Cibo has a nice atmosphere with cheerful servers. It's certainly relaxing. However the penne pasta was soggy, reheated, and lacked any real flavor. For the price (12$) I expected far more care in terms of selecting ingredients and cooking them. The quality was perhaps even lower than some of the food in the fast food court that I had just passed up.
As someone who is joining Yelp for the sole purpose of writing this review, I must conclude with the fact that my overall impression of Cibo was quite poor.First off the girl behind the bar was super sweet and caring.  My issue was my meal.  Ordered a meatball sandwich with parmigiana fries.  Took about 20 minutes to get the meal.  The meatballs were extremely cold inside and the cheese wasn't melted.  It was also very very dry.   Barely any marinara.  I sent it back.  Another 20 minutes...finally asked for it to go.  I did end up eating part of it at my gate.  It was pretty good except the meatballs still were not what I would consider hot. Lukewarm? My parmigiana fries were gone!  Plain fries.  I did get some key lime pie as well. It was delicious.  I will stop by here next time I'm at this airport but probably won't order any food.  Such a disappointment.
Update....Got on my plane and headed home.  By the time I got home I was stomach sick....I knew better to taste luke warm food that is supposed to be served hot.  Never again will I eat food at that place!I was in hangover central and needed something to revive me.  I got the prosciutto sandwich.  The meat was less than amazing, not nice pink/reddish I usually get, but the fresh mozz and pesto made this a pretty tasty sandwich.  The service was good.  No real complaints.Great food and great service! I'm always pleasantly surprised when I remember to go to cibu in the airport.  They are clean, fresh and friendly!I love the Chicken Milanese salad from here BUT I ordered it at the "to-go" counter today and it took 14 mins to come out. Really? That was ridiculous.
UPDATE: ...and 1/2 way through there is a nasty black fly in the middle of my lettuce. Yuck. Never again.Cibo is definitely my go-to when I'm in Philly for airport food. Pretty good variety on the menu and they always get the food out quickly. Absolutely 4-star for airport food. One or two tables are close to outlets.I had to write this review today because during a time where travel is being done to visit a dying parent, someone truly exceeded customer service. My sister and I booked a last minute flight to Florida to go see our dying mother and stopped at cibo for drinks and a meal. The two ladies working on 4/27 during the day gave us exceptional service. They were attentive and caring while still performing their job with other customers. I have been here before and had the same person wait on me which made even more personal. Kudos to management for hiring outstanding individuals.Amazing food!!!   We had the risotto and meat ball sandwich, which were both spectacular!!  Never expected such great food from an airport vender!   A must eat if you are in the B terminal!Pretty easy and cool experience grabbing something to eat here. Everything is ordered and paid on iPads at your table. The service is good and the food prompt. 
The food is pretty good, not great and a bit expensive but all things you come to expect at an airport restaurant I suppose. 
It was a pretty good experience and I'll come back here when I'm stopping through Philadelphia airport.Small wine pours and a turkey burger that is actually a chicken sandwich. When I asked the bartender about the chicken, he said, "that's our turkey burger." A nice sized side salad was offered in lieu of fries. 
This small restaurant could be cleaner with boxes and purses piled up on back wall. It is also more reassuring to have all bartenders and servers tie up long hair. 
Cibo doesn't beg for a revisit.I can definitely understand why this place doesn't get good ratings. The service is slow and the food is very "blah". I had (at the suggestion of the waitress) the crispy chicken salad (it had some fancy name I already ditched from memory). It was as bland as any salad can be, and it was swimming in dressing. It was like a swimming pool at the bottom of the bowl. The dressing was all vinegar (and I love having vinegar-y dressing, but it was even too much for me). The wine pour was weak - probably only 4oz. The selection of wine was a little boring. Only Pinot Noir was from CA... eh. Not that they don't make a good pinot, but come on. Anyway, I'd be able to go to this airport again and not be upset about going somewhere else. Even though it's busy, I'd suggest trying something else.Nice enough establishment, however do not order a steak here. TSA regulations say that they are not allowed to provide you with a steak knife. So you will be left to cut your steak with a butter knife. (Not fun in my opinion)
Next is the fact that the steak didn't leave anything to write home about. (Just to help apparently...) a good steak needs no steak sauce, and most good chefs would feel insulted if you use steak sauce on their dish. This one was bitter and bland due to the charred grill pattern. But it didn't seem any salt or black pepper was used to season it prior to sear' 
The wait staff made up for the sub par steak. Even though they didn't have any steak sauce, they provided me with Worcestershire sauce. (Which didn't make it any better, so they let me pick another dish)
I gave them a 3 out of five because it was a decent place and they had decent drinks even with the lack of a good steak or a proper steak knife. The wait staff more than made up for the error and I tipped her well for that. 
If I were flying through here in the future I WOULD stop by again. Fly safe everyone!Pretty nice for airport food. Very quick service which is always great when your rushing for a flight. I had the pan fried tilapia, potatoes and broccoli. Reasonably healthy and tasted great. Salad was pretty lame....iceberg and a tiny bit of tomato, probably cold have done without that.I was heading home to Indy from a business trip,  when I got to the airport I found out my flight was going to be delayed,  which would have me sitting in the airport for 5 hrs... I was not happy and to add insult to injury, it was delayed AGAIN.. A drink was in order.. I headed to the CiBo Bistro & Wine bar.. my only request to the bartender was something sweet and strong. I probably should've mentioned I'm not a huge, huge fan of coconut rum, but the concoction she mixed was sweet and somewhat strong. I will definitely go back,  especially while waiting on flights...Questionable so far. I always try to give early morning staff the benefit of the doubt...but they seem unhappy that their tables are actually filling up. 
The food was pretty good if you can excuse the fact that it was barely lukewarm. Sadly, the service did not improve much during my time in their establishment. Likelihood of a repeat visit? Slim to none.Great little spot to grab a bite before a flight. The tables are crowded together a bit too much for my liking, but I get that they are running a business so more people = more money. Food was good for airport food. Would definitely stop here again!Stopped for breakfast. Coffee cold and old and $3. Eggs over easy with 2 pathetic pieces of bacon along with equally bad home fries. Also 1 small slice of wheat toast partially burned on one side. Cost for 2 of us for same meal each: $26 with tip. Should have known better. There are far better places to eat at PHL.I always stop by before or after a flight. In terminal B. 
I once had a girlfriend who gained 40lbs eating at this restaurant. After I broke up with her and she moved out of town shed 40lbs and rubbed it in my face. 
If you like delicious food this is the restaurant for you. Just trying to keep your girl away from it or you might regret it. 
Ps the bartender name is Phoung, she's very cute. Tip her well. You might get a girlfriend. Her service is great. 
Atmosphere: 10
Service: 10
Communication: 10
Food: 10
Price: $$My husband and I are at the airport waiting on the plane when I said "baby, remember last year when we were here and had the worst experience EVER at that Cibo Bistro". He said "too bad you didn't know about yelp back then. People should know how bad it was ". 
So here I am waiting for the plane to take off and more than happy to tell people to stay away, especially if you want basic service where forks are not tossed at you and when you ask for hot food, you actually get somthing warm.So caught up in the cool, fast ordering technology they forgot about making the food taste good. Really expensive, not worth the $$.
Yes they are fast, but yikes, not a good option. We had 4 different food orders and NONE was good. Better off buying something at a grab and go.
Wine also not good.
Lots better places to spend your high margin airport food cost. Kind of hoping they can step it back up soon...excellent wait staffMaybe I visited on an off-day, but the server didn't really know anything about the menu, food, or drink.  I had to point to everything after I verbally ordered.  The "dining room" is very cramped, even for airport standards.  The best part is that you can get the free WiFi from the PHL airport (although that's spotty).  Food is passable.Got the crispy pork linguine and the penne pomodoro (added shrimp to the penne). Both meals were delicious and reasonably priced. I don't normally have high expectations for airport food. This is where I will be eating when flying through Philadelphia.Hi I would just like to say that I have recently came to the cibo Bistro wine and Bar and the employee there miss Anyssa was so great her service was so awesome that I cannot wait to return there again she made the whole experience very very good and I just wanted to go on record and see that the food was awesome and I definitely recommend going there for the experience of their delicious steaksAfter being disappointed in the food next door I decided to come here. The waitress was very friendly and helpful. Their burger game is on point, nice juicy flavorful patty in a soft pillowy bun. The fries were done up right also, nice n crispy on the outside and hot n fluffy in the inside. I will be coming back.I have never witnessed or received as bad of service than at this establishment. The menu is attractive but they discouraged me from eating there an hour before my flight. Another couple at a nearby table tried ordering a beer using limited English and the service was horrendously rude. I would provide 0 stars if available.This is a first-timer review as I've never been to this eatery before. 
I arrived and ordered from one of the screens near the terminal walkway, not knowing 'the flow' of the place. I then saw tables available and asked to be sat there even though I just ordered at a screen. I was asked if I already paid at the touchscreen and I said that option did not appear. The server looked puzzled and proceeded to seat me. As we went to the table, I told her I had not eaten here before so I needed some guidance from her since it seemed I was out of sync with them. She confirmed again that I had not paid and then asked if I told someone that I was going to sit down. I reminded her I had not been here before and she took the order ticket from me and go to the kitchen with it. 
I wasn't asked if I wanted something to drink or to change anything about my order (like add an appetizer). 
20 minutes later, I still had no food, so I flagged down a server and she brought it immediately. Strange. 
I ordered the mushroom ravioli. When I took my first bite, I was immediately repulsed. The salt content of their sauce is astronomical. So. Much. Salt. It's like the cook lost the salt shaker in the sauce. I scraped off their sauce from each ravioli as I ate them. 
During my meal, nobody came to check on me. When I finished eating, I sat around for 10 minutes and still nobody came. By this point I had it with the service and quality of the place so I put my cash payment on the table and left. Even as I was walking out nobody stopped me. I honestly could have walked out without paying. Ridiculous!
Epically terrible from start to finish. I don't recommend it and won't be returning.A standard airport bar with standard airport food. I had a Gardenburger with fries with a glass of red wine. Nothing to write home about but I appreciated being able to just chill out somewhere that was not Au Bon Pain or the like.I'm being generous with the two stars here, because my salad was tasty even if I later lost my appetite.
Sat at the bar for a light dinner and to kill some time. My first glass of red wine was seriously sour and old - and a stingy pour for $9 when I can buy the same bottle for that price. Oh well. Second glass of $11 Pinot Noir still stingy but tastier.
Food was decent enough but then as I was finishing my glass of wine a cockroach literally crawled across the bar counter in front of me. How appetizing.
Also it took a reminder for a glass of water after a very long wait. I know they want to keep you thirsty so you'll order more overpriced drinks, but still...I was actually impressed with the food and service at this restaurant in Philadelphia International Airport. Our waitress was prompt, friendly and always made sure that my iced tea was always filled. I would've had a glass of wine, but I was nursing a hangover from a night before. 
I had their risotto and a side order of salad. Risotto was delicious... I mean nothing spectacular, but it was good. The salad ingredients were fresh, so no complaints from me.Wine system was not working and the wine was not properly stored. While I understand this is not a full-service bar I do believe having a bartender not be on her phone completely ignoring guests to be preferred. 
Side note - great wine list!Didn't like the business model whatsoever. Little human interaction and the dark space was covered in ugly bright tablets. Constant bombardment of advertisements but oddly enough no call button for what little wait staff there is. I understand the idea of moving people quickly and ensuring they meet their schedule but the execution was poorly done. I haven't done the math but I assume that this model was pushed for increased margins but when looking at bill the savings clearly wasn't passed onto the customer. Poor experience overall and I feel sorry for travelers with limited alternatives and even worse for the workers. This visits experience was not one off but instead a consequence of the business model. Please don't respond, I do not want to follow up with anyone.Delicious breakfast omelette with FRESH broccoli. Fast friendly service. Amanda was wonderful. If you are looking for a great place to eat while at PHL this is it. It's across from Gate B3.