Delicious food, great service. A bit slow between courses, but had an amazing time with some friends. Good selection of wine and well-balanced cocktails. The ambiance fits perfectly inside the Divine Lorraine; classy, elegant, and sort of creepy in a way that is very hip.From the time we walked in to the time we left, everything was fantastic. It was our first time here and in any part of the Loraine. 
The decorating, reconstruction and restaurant build was really great. The restaurant has just the perfect amount of class without going overboard. 
I grew up working in restaurants and I watch, notice and critique everything. Every employee in the place was great. The bus people were always ahead of and knew what was going on before being asked or told. Waiters (Dominic was ours who was fantastic) didn't skip a beat. One of the owners Joe who delivered the main course was also great. We had to leave before everything was served and brought it home and it was all gone in a few minutes. Cannot wAit to go back and highly recommend this restaurant to everyone.Excellent food, savory and sweet alike; impeccable service; and outstanding atmosphere in a fast-improving location of terrific urban renewal. After enjoying the flawless antipasti, primi, and secundi, be sure to save room for the creative and equally perfect desserts.I wanted to love this place just based on the architecture, the history and the beautiful ambiance but unfortunatley it fell short in many, many ways. We decided to celebrate an anniversary there and both of us had called to let the restaurant know that we were celebrating an event. Both of us were told seperatley that they don't do that. The woman at the front desk quite awkwardly tried to remove my coat and then preceded to put my husband's coat on top of my coat on a hanger even though there was hardly anyone in the restaurant. I had to ask the waiter to tell us the specials and when he did he forget some as later on in the evening we heard different specials told to a different table. The pasta dish we ordered had half cooked pasta. Overall not a great experience. We both ordered deserts and there was no acknowledgement of our anniversary. Expected to be wowed and was totally underwhelmed.This was one of the best Italian meals that I have had in decades. I travel extensively in Italy in the food and this restaurant is so authentic and so unique that I can't be grateful enough that we had a wonderful dinner there. The charcuterie tray that we had for a starter was fabulous, there was hardly room on the table for all of it. Our pasta dishes were absolutely delicious and our second chorus beats were tender and flavorful and just perfectly cooked. The sommelier selected it excellent wine for us, drinks were superb as was the wait staff. The dining room and the dinnerware and China Is spectacular. What a great place to get together with friends or romantic evening with a spouse or loved one. I highly recommend this restaurant and can't wait to return.Incredible wine, food and service! I loved the macaroni pasta with pork sugo, the eggplant meatballs, and the incredible desserts.  I'm not even a dessert person, but the almond cheesecake with black truffles was unbelievably good and surprising.  Also the pistachio gelato with olive oil and sea salt was brilliant.The portion sizes were embarrassingly small. The rabbit dish was served with rabbit ribs , some meat portions the size of toothpicks. The 1/4 pound of select prosciutto was $40.  The fish dish was not a full fillet but rather mini chunks of tail or filet. We were hungry after the meal of 200+ (for two) and debated going somewhere else for dinner after. The positive - wine was very good and the som was knowledgeable.Had a lovely dinner here last night with dear friends- party of 4. The food was incredible, the som was on point with his recommendations. The drinks are priced on the high end but worth every penny. The 5th star is withheld because while all very pleasant, the service was extraordinarily slow. As long as you're not on a schedule of any kind, I highly recommend.One of the rare places that really lives up to its hype, Cicala delivers on ambiance, food and service all around.  It is a stunning space, perfectly balanced between opulent and cozy/inviting.  I for one have always been very happy that they re-did the Divine Lorraine instead of knocking it down and building something new.  This restaurant really embraces a feeling of transporting you to the past where things feel a little more special. 
We did not try any cocktails, but they all looked lovely.  The wine list is extensive and our party shared two bottles, both well balanced and paired well with our orders on the suggestions of our wonderful waiter. 
For starters we shared the burrata and 'nudja, and eggplant, all were delicious, simple yet executed perfectly and a great way to begin the meal. We also shared the lamb ragu and mushroom tortelli. Both of these pastas contained a wonderful deep flavor and were perfectly done. 
We also had the beef, lamb and fish of the day (yes, I know we ate a lot, judge away).  Again the flavors were fantastic, nothing was over done or flashy, it all seemed very true to the components and made to bring out their natural, wonderful flavors. We enjoyed every bite. 
We only tried their main dessert as we were pretty full by the end but it also delivered just as the rest of the meal.  
All in all I would go back in a second, especially for a special occasion. I have a feeling this is going to become one of Philly's most loved restaurants in no time.We are back a week later on Sunday, July 26 and took 2 friends!! 
Angelo the sommelier,  recommended extraordinary wines and then told us a little story about his wine tasting experience. It was Just like being in Italy! There's nothing like the charm of the Italians! 
Alex, our waiter has impeccable timing, great recommendations and a very great waiter! 
The tables are nicely spaced for our COVID-19 times. We had a beautiful breeze on the outdoor patio with Andrea Bocelli singing (a recording) and it was a wonderful evening! 
This food is the closest to being in Italy in Philadelphia! 
We will be back soon!!
You must try the Risotto made with Sorrento lemons! 
And everything at Cicala is exquisite!!Food was absolutely amazing, service was on point and they did an absolutely stunning job with the renovation!This is one of the top notch restaurants in Philadelphia and if not my favorite! Angelo the sommelier is over the top, an expert and extraordinary with customer service. 
As a matter of fact they just won an award based on his expertise. 
The service is impeccable. The food is as authentic as you're going to get in Philadelphia to Italy. And we sat outside and it was lovely!
Let's support our local restaurants! We have another reservation for Saturday night!I don't typically review places but my mother and I had such a great experience! We went here for her 60th birthday. The decor in the restaurant is amazing. They kept a lot of the unique features of The Divine Lorraine, such as the exposed brick and the window features. The restaurant was beautifully decorated. Very cozy! My mother and I couldn't get over the chandeliers! The music was also such a great touch, really made it feel like a very cozy, upscale restaurant. Our waiter was Alex, was not only amazing, attentive and friendly and made our experience such a memorable one, but was very helpful with the menu! We absolutely loved Alex! He is a huge reason we had such an amazing time. To start my mother had a wonderful 808 Upshur St, which she loved. We ordered the Affettatto Mistro to start, which was an excellent mixture of salumi and antipasti! The meats provided (especially the prosciutto and the spread for the bread), along with the tuna stuffed peppers with capers were incredible. For entrees I ordered the Paccheri, which was an imported pasta with scorpion fish ragu mixed with tomatoes. It was amazing. I've never tried swordfish ragu, but they cooked it perfectly. My mother ordered the special of the night which was another imported pasta with a tomato based sauce and cheese. It was also so delicious! We decided to split two desserts (along with a cannoli they brought out for my mother's birthday). We chose the Baba au Rhum, which was a rum cake topped with bananas and served with a side of caramel gelato and the Bacio Pantesco, which had flavors similar to tiramisu but had layers of fried dough. Altogether we just had such a pleasant experience. Not once did we feel rushed through the meal, we were able to take our time and enjoy everything. We felt very welcome, as all of the staff were so friendly. We also were very impressed by the thoughtfulness put into the restaurant, such as the dinnerware options (all the plates were beautiful), the chairs were not only beautiful but very comfortable, the decor (we also loved the China cabinets) and even the little bio at the bottom of the menu. This restaurant just blew us away. We are very into trying new restaurants around the city and we kept saying we would absolutely come back in a heartbeat and bring the rest of our family to try. I really hope everyone has as great of an experience as we did! Really made her 60th memorable, and for that I really thank Cicala!This is solid 4-star review. Came here for a 1st wedding anniversary dinner because of my love for all things Divine Lorraine. We had a Sunday 6:30 reservation and it was pretty dead. But it was nice to have a small two top and a corner of the restaurant to ourselves. Sadly they didn't see on the reservation that I said it was our anniversary and wished me happy birthday instead  We did a bunch of small plates and really enjoyed every course. We splurged on dessert and it was 100% worth it. Super gorgeous interior, attention to detail (I got a stool for my purse so it didn't sit on the floor!) and wine sommelier was a nice touch. Definitely a special occasion kind of place.We had a delicious romantic dinner at Cicala's!!Our server and som were excellent. The food was perfectly executed. You can feel the passion that Angela and Joe Cicala have put into this restaurant. We felt like we had been transported back in time. The restaurant in so elegant without feeling pretentious. Fresh pastas, fish and meats that I am still dreaming about and the dessert sampler was unreal. It's is not just dinner it's a real experience. We will definitely be back with family and friends. Give it a try!Stunning space. Lots of design. Well appointed. . The service was excellent. Simply stunning . The food was totally solid. Has the Eggplant Meatballs , Stuffed Artichokes  Harts as openers . All were great. Entrees included Sword fish, , extra yummy, the veal braciole , lamb chops and I had the lamb Ragu . All were great. The room is super comfy and not to loud. The bathroom situation may put some off, but not I. Father Devine got it right!!.Has the potential to be a great restaurant but not quite there yet. The place is beautifully decorated and we enjoyed our meals. Standouts were the pasta (mushroom, lamb) and antipasto dishes (tuna carpaccio, mackerel). Secondi lamb dish was good but served lukewarm. The staff were friendly but lacked the skills to make this a great restaurant. The antipasti dishes were literally taken away as soon as the last piece of food left the plate. We were looking forward to dipping the beautiful bread in the sauces but were beaten to it. We were about to do this with the pasta dishes but again the server was too eager. The wrong cutlery was placed on the table and we overhead staff members bickering. Nothing that can't be fixed with some training and experience. Will be back and hopefully the teething problems will be long gone.I feel like my husband and I are among the minority in this, but we really weren't that impressed with our meal I'm sorry to say. Which was disappointing since we were excited about seeing the refurbished interior of the old hotel. and the reviews I had read online about the food, specifically in the Inquirer, were great. 
We snagged a late reservation after Valentines Day, and arrived a little early so had a drink at the bar. My husband ordered "drinking with shepherds" which was delicious, but I found "the pleasure club" actually kind of tasteless so we mostly shared his. The wine recommended to us by the somm was excellent though and probably the highlight of our meal. I wish we would have just sprung for the bottle and skipped the other drinks entirely. Maybe it's just our palettes since we definitely enjoy salty things and big flavors, but everything we ate seemed under-salted, including the bread, and the flavors/textures of the rest of our meal just seemed toned down or a little off. We did enjoy the burrata and the salted caramel gelato we had for dessert. They also have an extensive list of aperitifs and our server recommended ones to our taste which we really enjoyed at the end of our meal. 
The service, however, was great. We were  treated so well by the staff when we arrived - they made us feel special and even kind of important? Which was was awesome, and not something I think most people experience anymore when going out to eat. We also appreciated their attempts to restore the interior of the historic hotel, and the ambiance was very nice. 
I'm not sure I would return to eat, but maybe it was just our particular "taste" in food (lol) that didn't jive with the menu.The one star is for the beautiful room.  The food was adequate and the dessert was really good but nothing could overcome the horrific service.  The incompetence  was only exceeded by the rudeness.  From the moment we arrived to 3.5 hours later when we finally got the correct check it was an abysmal experience.  We arrived on time for our reservation they tried to seat our party of 3 at a 2 top- we declined and they kept trying to force us to pick one of the 2 tables- huffing they were very busy and leaving us standing in the middle of the room to go consult a manager.  Once seated at a 4 top we waited 10 minutes for the assistant to the server to show up and give us a speech about how she was there to assist our server and take our water order- which she brought and poured - and then we never saw her again.  The sparkling water we ordered sat on the table and no one  ever poured us another glass or offered to get us another bottle after we had helped ourselves throughout the night.  Another long wait for the server, minimal conversation  she took our drink orders and left.  There were 2 larger parties (8-12) and only 1 bartender and no service bar so 20 minutes later we received our cocktails . Little did we know they were the only cocktails we would get and the empty glasses would sit on our table (along with unused wine glasses) for the rest of the night.  Order solicitation seemed to be a burden for our server- and when the first thing we asked for was unavailable there was no suggestion or recommendation of an alternative.    Appetizers arrived 20 minutes later  and were good but then there was another long wait sitting with dirty plates .  When the entrees arrived they removed the appetizer plates dropped the entrees and tried to rush off- (neither our assistant or server was in the delivery crew) and we asked them to bring the sommelier so we could order wine to go with the duck 2 of us had ordered.  20 minutes go by, we ask 3 more people to please get the sommelier- and we learn he is very busy since he is also acting manager- good information but not really helpful.  Finally he shows up carrying a single carafe of red wine,  the member of our party who requested him tries to engage him in conversation about wine- he mutters something grabs her wine glass pours a full glass and rushes off. This behavior by the sommelier was probably more shocking than any of the other service antics of the night.   We finish our entrees and sit for 30 minutes, looking at  dirty plates, empty unused wine glasses, empty cocktail glasses and finally flag down someone to clear our table and get our server (who we have not seen since she took our order).  She comes by drops the dessert menu tells us there are 3 flavors of gelato tonight and rushes off.  !5 minutes later she returns to ask if we would like dessert and we have to stop her from rushing off again to ask her if we could please also have some coffee.  Another long wait, then the dessert and coffee arrive.  We eat the dessert and then sit for 30 minutes with empty coffee cups and once again dirty plates (and unused wine glasses and empty cocktail glasses).  Our server finally shows up and asks if we are done with the dessert (there was a spoonful in the middle of the plate ) when we say yes she takes the plate drops the bill and says she will take it when we are ready.   When we review the bill we immediately notice we have been charged for a bottle of wine not a glass.  The server is nowhere to be seen but we do see assistants and the sommelier breaking down tables and they finally remove the unused and dirty cocktail glasses from our table.  After 10 minutes we go to the desk and explain the issue to the host who takes the folio and we assume will resolve the issue.  She returns the folio to the table and disappears- and you guessed it has not changed the bill.  Another trip to the host stand and she once again takes the folio and disappears.  15 minutes go by and the host returns with the folio and tells us "oh that check was for another table here is your check".  We ask her what exactly she had done in the first place if the check wasn't for our table and she indignantly tells us she isn't a waitress.    Another wait and our server arrives once again lets us know the check wasn't wrong it was just the wrong check (?)  takes the  payment and after 3.5 hours we are finally done.  Its clear that this restaurant has no management, the staff is completely untrained, they are paying a "sommelier" who is too incompetent/rude to do his job (sell wine) and the food isn't extraordinary enough to overcome the poor experience.  They are also driving themselves out of business- not just by discouraging repeat business but on our table alone they missed the sale of 3 additional cocktails, another bottle of water, and at a minimum another glass if not a bottle of wine for the table.  There are better restaurants in Philadelphia to spend your money .We had a fabulous experience at Cicala's!  We first met Joe and Angela in October of 2018 in their South Philly home when we were celebrating our son's wedding by having a cooking experience in their home.  Joe and Angela were in the early stages of planning their new restaurant and we have been anxiously waiting.  The feeling from the moment you walk in is family.  I loved all of the family photos on the walls.  The room is elegant but very comfortable.  The staff is amazing.  From the minute we walked in we were taken care of by a number of people, but certainly not in an overwhelming way.  They all worked together so well and just seemed to know what anyone needed.  The food was so, so delicious!  We enjoyed the meats platter to begin with, along with delicious drinks from the beautiful bar.  Our son had ordered the sword fish and shortly before we were to be served, we were told that the piece of sword fish did not meet their standards, so they had to make him another one. They were so apologetic and we were just amazed at the level of professionalism!  Three of us had the lamb ragu - absolutely perfect.  Our son in law had the Tagliatelle and said it was delicious.  But, of course we saved room for gelati which was so creamy.  We were there to celebrate 2 birthdays, but now I can't wait to go back again!  Congratulations, Joe and Angela!!Let's start with what I loved:  The place is absolutely gorgeous.   We had an eggplant appetizer that, while small, was scrumptious.   We then tried two pastas, both of which were fantastic.   They were a true, first plate size so you are still able to have a main plate without being stuffed.  The wine list was reasonably priced.  The dessert sampler was wonderful. 
Areas for improvement:  They have exactly four main plates!  Just offering one lamb, one beef and two seafood options is too sparse.   That will limit repeat business, or at least mine.  At a minimum, I think they need to add a chicken dish and a couple of other choices.  Another idea would be to have all pastas available not just as a first course but also as main plate size to increase options. 
Finally, I also thought the service was a bit off.  Our server was pleasant as were the assistants but they were not around enough.  I don't need them asking me if I need something every five minutes but they need to walk by so I can easily get their attention if I do.  It was also disappointing that our server never came back after the main course was delivered to see if our meal was ok, steak cooked properly,  etc.
Overall, a great meal in a beautiful setting.Fabulous. Going back for Easter dinner
Their charcuterie platter is the best I've ever had. 
Service was what service should be.  Excellent.  Loved the decor.After eating here twice (before & after covid), it's clear this place is absolutely worthy of the 5 stars I'll give it.  For most of my adult life, the Divine Lorraine has been an abandoned giant canvas for graffiti.  Thankfully, Cicala is one of the many factors that has given this amazing building and North Broad a new life.  To start, the interior of the restaurant itself is very nicely restored; it's a comfortable and inviting atmosphere, with nothing too flashy or overdone.  It's just about perfect in my opinion.  As for the staff, you can find equally good service at a few other restaurants in the city, but you will not find better.  Every person there was wonderfully helpful and genuinely friendly; I really can't say enough good about them.  These people are at the top of their game, and it shows in everything they do.  Lastly, the food: the house pastas are thoroughly delicious, and there's plenty of other items on the menu to keep things interesting and suit any person's taste.  Everything was really great, and priced at a level where you don't need to feel to guilty about eating here often if you're not rich.  I'll certainly be returning and I highly recommend giving it a try if you haven't already.  Best of luck to this place going forward.We had a delicious romantic dinner at Cicala's!! Our server and som were excellent. The food was perfectly executed. You can feel the passion that Angela and Joe Cicala have put into this restaurant. We felt like we had been transported back in time. The restaurant in so elegant without feeling pretentious. Fresh pastas, fish and meats that I am still dreaming about and the dessert sampler was unreal. It's is not just dinner it's a real experience. We will definitely be back with family and friends. Give it a try!The best new restaurant in Philly.  Highly recommend!  Food fabulous, bread and pasta dishes are so good.  Make sure you get bread made with burnt wheat ??  I have been there twice so far.  Once I dined at a table and had 3 courses + dessert -- 2nd time, sat at bar for just  salad and pasta + desert  -- and enjoyed  both experiences very much.  And let us not forget the dessert!  So good!Not quite ready for prime time.  We appreciated the space which is beautifully done, but ambiance is just one part of the story.  What is very lacking here is the service.  We witnessed the sommelier and the hostess exchanging words multiple times and without a care that we could hear them fighting.  Keep this stuff in the back of the house, not in front of patrons.  Service was quite slow, empty glasses of wine and plates left on the table, pretty basic stuff. We received a dish that we didn't order, they took it back but it was on the bill anyway....and $26 for a six ounce piece of swordfish seemed excessive. Hopefully the service improves soon.Went to the price fixe crab dinner. Dinner took WAY too long--almost 3 hours for a 5 course meal!! No explanation of what we were eating--food frequently just plopped down in front of us. Food tasted ok--but for instance we were served crab pasta with crab claws without a way to open the shell (ended up cracking the shell with the backside of the spoon on our table!) didn't even know if we were supposed to be eating out of the shell--frankly. No server ever came by between courses--had to find servers to get water--in fact.
The entire restaurant was treated like a seating as ALL the food came out at the same time--again took much too long on a Sunday night.
Heard great things about this place but the special meal seemed poorly planned, with lousy service and had overall lackluster execution. 
Disappointed. Want to support a place like this during this time but for this price--I'd stay away unfortunately.What a wonderful addition to North Broad and another reason why going to The Met has become one of our favorite activities. We sat at the bar on a Friday night because we hadn't made a reservation and were instantly wowed by the gorgeous lighting, woodwork and chandeliers. We made instant conversation with others at the bar as everyone was eager to share their menu finds. Our bartender was wonderful and helped us to choose the eggplant ant baratta appetizers and 2 incredible pastas for our second course. The gelato was the perfect way to end our meal. Will definitely be back.We dined at Cicala two weeks ago on a Friday night. It was fabulous, the service ( Yvonne was our server) the food, the wine and the courtyard setting! We had grilled octopus, tuna carpaccio, two pasta dishes , ice cream and a peach dessert wrapped in a light cake like a cannolis. There was background music and even a sommelier to help us pick a dessert wine. We felt very safe there as they were following all the protocols for
COVID. It was so much fun to get dressed up and experience a fine dining meal again ! Thanks and we'll definitely be backOne of those old fashion American fine dining restaurants. Meets the expectations that people have for this type of restaurants. The food is good and the waiter is very knowledgeable about pairing wine. The fact it's in a Philly historical building is a plus, which used to be the nation's first desegregated apartment complex and cafeteria.Enjoyed a fantastic dinner on their 2nd night. 
Beautiful space and polite, attentive staff.  
The sommelier was exceptional- personable and chose two top notch bottles for our party.
Food was excellent- tuna carpaccio was probably the best I've had, the funghi was great (thats coming from someone who really doesn't care much for free-standing mushrooms), tuna stuffed cherry peppers were great.  
No complaints with the pastas.  Swordfish was amazing & heard good things about the bombette. 
Desserts were top notch.  We tried the tartufo, l'oro verde, la clementina.  Can't go wrong with either.  you really should get them all. 
I look forward to dining there again!Fresh new Italian restaurant in up and coming N Broad Street near the Met. Ambience was great, comfy booth sitting good for a date or friends! 
Menu is three courses antipasto, pasta, and main. I had a delicious Italian ham almost as good as Iberica ham melts in your mouth!!, and we split the Fiori Di Zucca ( fried Buffalo ricotta stuffed into squash blossoms), yummy. I shared my Linguine E Crostacei (mussel, clams, linguine with white wine, garlic and parsley. For dinner my sister had chargrilled octopus, my other sister had the Sea Bass, and I had Lamb. Of course we shared family style (because we can!) I took my dessert, the Little Pastry Shop is a generous portion of  Italian delights of lemon cake , petzels?, biscotti,  cannolis and custard).  My sisters got Gelati/sorbet pick three sampler. Had almost all the flavors. 
Family image of the owner. Pictures from his family in Italy, then New York. He's the chef and his better half Angela handles the pastry.
Carl is the wine director who personally paired my courses. Hard to believe there is a more knowledgeable person in Philly. Brigitte was our server who had excellent grace and timing! 
p.s. the bread was irresistible, so don't resist ;-)
ChefMy husband, myself and a couple friend went for our first dining out experience after the quarantine and it couldn't have gone better. Alex R served us and he's honestly the best. Super knowledgeable about the menu and specials of the night. Everything he recommended from cocktails to appetizers to main courses and desserts was delicious. Some notable dishes were the lump crab meat with watermelon salad - the flavors matched perfectly, super refreshing and so summery. The Sicilian Palomba, Huckster's Punch, and Mora Fiz was so delicious (cocktails) and well worth the money for how strong it was! Seafood fettuccine, lamb pasta and mushroom tagliatelle were really delicious as well. Pistachio gelato and ricotta almond cake were light and perfect to top off the meal. This was nothing short of an amazing experience and all social distancing protocols were followed. Thanks to Alex's recommendations and service, this was definitely a 5 star experience.Nice place, perfect setting for a romantic dinner. The restaurant manager is very friendly and had offered a small bench for my wife's hand bag...quite unique. The highlight of the entire meal is the Filletto alla Scabin (beef tenderloin) cooked perfectly (Medium-Pink). Well seasoned with the outside cooked crusty, smoky-coal taste, pinkish meat. The pistachio and nutella gelato are both excellent.
The meal is so-so...Sgombro alle brace (grilled mackerel) is quite fishy. Paccheri and Tortelli pasta are a bit hard and not quite al-dente...more like almost uncooked pasta. The Tagliatelli was good because of the truffle over the pasta dish.
Receptionist (all 3 ladies) seem to be unwelcoming, minimal smile, no pleasantries or hint of welcoming to all paying guests, borderline rude. They're not at all busy the entire night. And yes, chef Joe was there walking around...perhaps a simple 'hi' to his guests is not too much to ask. I am not in a hurry to go back...Very good restaurant and ambiance; server was deficient but manager jumped in and filled the void, my compliments.Delicious. Great service. Beautiful space. Can't go wrong. 
We tried a number of different things on visit number one (one of likely many) - the stuffed cherry bombs, 'Nduja, lamb pasta, the eggplant polpette, salad, and the lamb... and the pistachio gelato with olive oil and sea salt. Every single thing was tasty. But the favorite was the lamb pasta (I have been having dreams of it since eating it). 
Despite just opening - the service was solid. The staff was attentive and I anticipate that it will only get better with more time. My water was never empty which always score brownie points with me. 
The wine list is awesome (wish I would have seen one of my southern Italy / Mt Etna faves Susucaru before I opened for another wine). 
I can't wait to come back. And I am sure I'll be bringing guests here when they visit too. For the price point that it is in the gorgeous space - it feels like a bargain. The environment makes you think it's going to be far more expensive than it is! HaLove the atmosphere, service, ambiance and the food is authentic Southern Italian scrumptious! Everything about this restaurant is exceptional and impeccable and impressive. It is awesome to be able to enjoy all aspects of your experience here and no one will reuse you through your meal. It's the epitome of perfection.The best part of the evening were the drinks and dessert for sure. Food is not worth the price. I'll start with the antipasti, the one meat (capicola) was pretty good other two not so great. All the veggies need more flavor..maybe salt. The eggplant polpette definitely needs more depth to it. It's very one flavor. The cotecchino needs more flavor as well. Pastas didn't come out hot and the tagliatelle was $35. Small portion and didn't taste truffle at all. Fresh truffle is so faint to me ‍ caramelle filling way too sweet. rabbit porchetta basically came cold and I should have said about it, but didn't. A good server would've realized that we ate two bites and didn't want to box the rest so we obviously didn't care for it. 
Deserts were amazing though! So huge thank you to the pastry chef. Drinks also delicious, one of the best paper planes my husband said he ever had so also thank you to the bartenderAwesome food and atmosphere. Service was great. Nice layed back dinner with gourmet food.If you like having hostesses treat you like they are  allowing you into the kingdom and you enjoy having your food order eternally delayed  then this shiny object is your place.  The hostess was so rude, with assaultive behavior.  After we left, she researched my name and wrote me a 2:00 am manifesto!  Worst service  in Philly. We ordered Buratta and a slimy pile of white cream arrived without utensils and even bread. Not a classy joint. Even more frightening, the failure of their staff to keep it professional and to cyber stalk me  is not something you want to have happen to you.  I am taking the cyber stalking and invasion of my privacy as a  diner very seriously and I am escalating this to the proper authorities. What a shame that the manager stood by and failed to recognize his staff was creating. hostile environment.If you're someone who is bothered by these kinds of statements when you ask about the wine and the waiter says, "I'm sorry, I'm not a wine drinker",  or "the last customer said this one was good", or various iterations of, "we don't know anything about wine here", Cicala is the place for you! The food is 100% what you would eat in Italy! 
Angelo is the sommelier and we discovered a new gift of Angelo, he's also a mixologist! I'm not sure if he's professionally trained, but the cocktails were state of the art!  This place is hands-down the best restaurant in Philadelphia! I'm a well traveled, extreme foodie, who loves Italy! The service is five star! Give yourself the gift of taking yourself and people you really love to this place. You will be transported!Let me first start out by saying that the food here was excellent. We got the antipasta appetizer, which was incredible, the tagliatelle, and two entrees. The bread was also amazing.  
The reason I am giving Cicala three stars is because I feel like we were deceived. I made a reservation that clearly states "outdoor dining." When we arrived, however, we were told that they were having "problems" with open table. They said the outdoor seating area was first come, first served and we would have to wait up to 30 minutes for an outdoor table, or could be seated immediately inside. This was not ideal, but we reluctantly decided to sit inside. The staff was very cautious and were safely covered in PPE. I was just very uncomfortable the entire time. 
I think this is going to be a growing trend in the city, where restaurants offer you immediate seating indoors but have you wait for a table outside, even when you made a reservation. I hope this isn't the case and that this restaurant fixes their "problems" with open table, so they don't sour any guest from returning.It's a beautiful location and space, but it just wasn't good. The staff seemed like they didn't want to be there. The food wasn't great and given the prices--down right mediocre. The artichoke appetizer was aMazing but that was the high point. The gnocchi tasted like a wet dish rag, and listen, I love the stinkiest cheeses, but this wasn't that; it was saffron and truffle with not enough fat and acid to balance it out. There are better places in that neighborhood and certainly better Italian In Philadelphia.These reviews are all wrong so please ignore everyone one else. 
I have been to basically every restaurant in Philadelphia.  And for this level of restaurant I was appalled at the poor service, speed and quality of food.   
No one came to get our drink order for 20 minutes.  
It was approximately 25-30 minutes between courses. Arrived at 7:45 and was served our first course at 9:15.  Think we were there about 2.5 hours but for only 3 courses.  
No one explained the menu.  No one came to offer thoughts on wine, food was cold, etc. I am so sad because I had been eagerly anticipating this restaurant - would be great to have an exceptional restaurant in the neighborhood.Absolutely terrible meal.  Started with being out of the black truffles for the tagliatelle.  Thought they would have done something about this since I mentioned it was what I came for. Nothing but a sorry.  Ordered the Paccheri instead.  Never got asked how it was despite being the ONLY patron at the bar.  Mentioned to the bartender that it was good that I was dining alone because the dish was overpowered with garlic (and salty).  She still dind't ask if I liked it, just said they all had garlic breath.  Had the bread basket  which was described in a review as  having "fennel-flecked taralli breadstick rings, Bari-style focaccia made from potatoes, and crusty black loaves baked from the smoky burnt grains of Pugliese Grano Arso flour"  No bread stick rings or foccacia in it.  Same review said "The juicy grilled swordfish over eggplant caponata reminded me in the best way of a long ago trip to Palermo."  It wasn't juicy.  It was way overcooked, like rubber, and also too salty.  Again never got asked how it was despite still being the only patron at the bar.  Left 0% tip and told the bartender sorry but this meal did not work at all.  She responded, "I am sorry you feel that way" but did not ask why.  Awful food, awful service.  Over heard the bar state that campari wasn't coming for a couple of days.  Sounds like cash problems to me.If you're looking for a fancy, romantic date night this is THE place! It opened up in November so it is still very hard to get a reservation (especially valentines weekend). We ended up with a late reservation, but that was perfectly okay.
Stopped for a drink at the bar before getting sat at our table. The bartender was very knowledgeable, quick to greet us, and easy to talk to. The cocktail list is very unique and the wine list is very extensive.
Dinner was amazing. We had the affettatto misto, which is an assortment of charcuterie and sides. One of the sides were tuna stuffed cherry peppers...omg. So. Good. We also had the burrata and scorpionfish ragu. The wine, food, and service were all excellent. We will be back for sure.I dined here with my wife and two friends on July 4th weekend. We all had a wonderful experience considering all of the new accommodations for dining outside during covid. The outside dining area is private, clean and tables are nicely spaced out. Alex was extremely tentative to us even though he was taking care of all the other tables as well. He was knowledgable of the menu and we ended up choosing most of his suggestions because they sounded delicious in addition to cocktails. Hucksters Punch was very summery and tasty. We had the egg plant ravioli and the crab and watermelon salad for starters. There were large lumps of crab and the watermelon and corn added a nice sweetness. For the entrees, my wife and shared the mushroom tagliatelle and seafood with thick cut fettuccine, worth noting the pastas were cooked perfectly! Alex scored some mega bonus points when our friend had noticed a small visitor had landed in the drink and swooped in to replace it and wouldn't take no for an answer, saving that awkward in between moment. Will be back to dine again inside (when possible) and highly recommend.Absolutely delicious! My husband and I went before a show at the Met, only a few block walk from the restaurant to the venue. Such a cool art deco building! Staff was friendly and attentive. We went with our server, Alex's recommendations and everything was spot on! Had the eggplant polpette and cheese plate as appetizers, I had the fazzoletti sardi and my husband had a ziti special they were featuring that day. Perfectly cooked, tasty pasta! We shared the pistachio with olive oil gelato for dessert, which was surprisingly delicious. Hope to be back soon!Great, classy place. But what puts it over the top is the location. Anything elegant on North Broad was something that hadn't existed in an aeon. I'm one of those guys who grew up with the Divine Lorraine abandoned his whole life. Its revival along with the Opera House means a lot. Anyway enough of the history lesson. The food is great. Service was better. The lowlight was the cheese platter. Im sure it's rotating cheeses but I just didn't like the batch given. Two bland and similar tasting cheeses and one bleu cheese that had an extraordinarily pungent grapefruit rind flavor. The quail app was good. Followed by the Mushroom Tagliatelle and Lasagne - both delicious and perfectly al dente. The highlight was the rabbit. Man oh man. I used to eat rabbit weekly when I lived in Spain. (It's not an exotic meat in most european countries). And I can honestly say this was the best rabbit I ever had. So juicy. The mushrooms paired with it were so meaty you barely believed they were fungi. Having a sommelier is a nice touch as well. She was very helpful.We stumbled on this place looking to grab a bite before a 7 pm show at the Met. No reservation but they put us at the bar. I loved the vibe and would definitely return for a date night. We had 2 filets and the lemon pasta all fantastic. A real treat and wish we had time for wine and more courses. We were dressed casual and I with 2 teenage boys but totally appreciated that they fit us in.Enjoyed having dinner here.Cocktails at bar, and dinner outside was very good, maybe a tad loud, but weather was great . Service was excellent, sommelier was knowledgeable. Was a party of 6, and everyone loved what they had. I had the Tuna Carpaccio, might be best I have ever had. followed with the rabbit, which was very good as well.. I highly recommend Cicala.The food was very very good but portions were on the small side, especially for the price. It seems like they are still working out the service kinks but hopefully will be a nice neighborhood spot.Such a lovely rehabbed space which we wanted to adore, but for some reason they sat us at the "kids table" which seemed odd considering no one else was in the joint yet. So whatever you do, don't sit at the two-top next to the bar; about as private as a cube next to the water cooler at work. Constant visits by workers getting silverware, glasses and napkins. 
The mushroom tortellini was worth the trip. Don't bother with the filet, it was flavorless and strangely presented on a bed of smoldering herbs. 
We have faith this will be fine tuned over time. Thank you for reviving a landmark.In the middle of the pandemic, you can still have an amazing meal on a beautiful patio. We had a great night, with every plate better than the last. Impeccable service - really, the best around. Don't forget dessert. That almond cake... the Nutella gelato...3 ladies celebrating a birthday.
Started out lovely. Attentive and welcoming then as the night progressed, hard to locate our server. 
Ambiance was elegant and romantic. 
Food was very very good!
Wine selection was fantastic!!
The Som was knowledgeable and seem to really enjoy what he does. 
However, our dinner was literally 4 hours long. 
The staff was attentive with clearing plates, setting new flatware, plates, but our server was not present.
It was not busy inside.
A few tables and one 6 top. 
We had to keep asking for her.
The food took a tremendously long time and yes, very small portions for the entree, but the food was very very good.
I think 4 hours was extremely long for what we ordered and getting our check was another issue too.
Our 1st course was nice, then time in between dragged out longer and longer with feeling abandoned by dessert. 
Beautiful building and elegant- just plan on a drawn out event. 
3.5 out of 5I am conflicted. The food was fabulous, I got the swordfish and it was fantastic. The wait staff was very friendly and attentive, inspite of the fact we were sitting outside and could have easily fallen through the cracks. They deserve 5 stars.
With all that being said, I think the kitchen really let the restaurant down. We had an 8pm reservation. We did not get our simple salad appetizer till 9 and our entre dishes until 9:30pm. For having to pay $42 for my dish, I expect my food to come much faster. I came on a Wednesday and the dinning room was not busy at all, so it wasn't like they were very busy. Their kitchen is very visable and they were not understaffed, about 6 chefs in the kitchen, and were moving with no urgency.
Its really quite ashame because I really enjoyed my food and got 5 Star Front of the House Service. I guess I would say don't come here on Wednesday.I had dinner at CicalaLast night it was the most disappointing dining experience I have ever had the food was over salted and definitely too spicy the service was terrible when the check finally came we were overcharged! I would highly suggest anybody considering this restaurant check into other options there are many wonderful places in Philadelphia to time this is not one of themI really want to like this place. The ambience is great and it's a really nice place to luxuriate and have a long drawn out family style meal. 
I have no problems with the service. The servers work hard here. The cheese plate appetizer was very good. The bread is extraordinary. 
The problem is I've been here twice and never plan on ordering a $42. (halibut) fish entree ever again. 
It was the worse meal I ever had. Whatever glaze they used on the fish tasted foul. Nothing anyone should put any where near their mouth. 
If you have any sensitivity to salt, stay away from the fish. 
The 1st time I was here I ordered bass but received the swordfish. I was so hungry I ate some but again, so salty I could not finish.
I also tasted the pasta which was al dente. 
No problems with the pasta. 
Please Cicala, get the fish right. There's no need to over season fish which is a salty item.
Olive oil, pepper, lemon is all you need to season fish!!We had a pretty bad experience from valet parking, to the slow service, to the mediocre over priced food.  I was really surprised that a place that has such nice interior design can be this bad , yet so expensive.   
We sat second booth on the left by the door.  It was below 40 out, so every time the door opened it was freezing.  We got our menu and about 15 minutes later our waitress finally came up to us to ask if we have any questions.  We finally ordered the fried sea food , black truffle pasta, prawns, rabbit and duck.  
The fried sea food i was told would be light, but it was heavily fried like at a fast food take out. The prawns were ok but not good enough for that price, the $35 pasta app came out cold and it was really disappointing.  For this error we got compensated a free dessert. The rabbit was weird and not good.  The duck was not terrible but I was hungry and I specifically asked how large the portion was... and was told 10oz , When I got my duck it was to small filets that im estimating was no bigger than 5oz total. 
The dessert was ok but nothing special at all.
Our waitress was nice but she sounded scripted, and not in the right situation. again for a fancy, upscale restaurant, with a $300 tab, she was not in the correct role. 
Restaurant was pretty empty all night and there was no excuse for the slow Mediocre service.  
Finally the best part.... I asked the valet driver if he will leave the car out front.. he said no they have a large lot out back. Ok no problem. 
I request my car at the time that we got dessert to give him 20 minutes to get my car.  
After 30 minutes, and we were waiting at the front door at this point,  our car simply never came.  Long story short.... Valet driver was asleep in his mini van out front, and when i came outside some guy from the hotel knocked on his window to wake him
Up.  Ohhh and he left my car parked in an illegal parking spot "no parking anytime" in the middle of broad st. I could of been hit, towed and who know what else. I laid $20+'tip for valet for it to be safe, not be left on the curb.
Everything was bad. Sorry but im not sorry. This place isnt going to survive and needs new management soon and fast.Very impressed by this restaurant. The inside is decorated very nicely. The ambience was perfect. All the cocktails were amazing! The bread was perfectly baked and very soft. The fritto misto was definitely unique with the tempora like batter that was used. The gnocchi was cooked well and tasted amazing. The main course- the lamb shank was SO, SO good! It came so easily off the bone. The dessert consisted of saffron gelato which tasted just like saffron to a T.I know everyone really loves to review these type restaurants. You should know this restaurant is a full level above other restaurants in Philly with regard to the food, service, drinks, everything. That being said the food was fairly traditional and lacked an exciting spark that I expected. The mushroom starter was a plate of mushrooms and the eggplant was mistaken for pasta by one person in our party. Also I was looking forward to high quality truffle because I'm usually only getting truffle oil when I order from most restaurants. I knew that Cicala would serve truffle shavings, so I was prepared for an intense truffle taste, but the truffles weren't so strong. I admit they were well balanced, but next time shave that truffle right into my mouth please!!!!!  The artichoke was awesome, the tuna carpaccio was delightful/light/perfectly balanced, the tortelli was exactly perfect, the gnocchi had the truffle I mentioned earlier and was otherwise perfect and I really enjoyed the basil pesto on it, the couscous has heavy in clove but otherwise very good. The cured meats we had at the beginning of the meal were very good, however, I don't think the three were unique enough to allow a layman to differentiate. The fourth meat was very unique, very spicy and one person at our table almost dropped it not seeing it was over a tea candle. It was too spicy for me to enjoy. However, the spice did have a lot taste and wasn't only heat. The service for dinner and the cocktails were superb. This is a wonderful atmosphere especially for a special occasion. We'll be back I'm sure. This is an absolute gem for the neighborhood and we had no trouble parking.
Overall an amazing experience dining at this restaurant.Fantastic meal! Start to finish. Great wine by the glass selection. Started with appetizer of parpadell in meat sauce the whole fish dorado. Finished with olive oil apple cake and cinnamon gelato. This place did not disappoint. I would have given five stars, however our server seemed to have forgotten about us. Water was refilled throughout, but could have used another cocktail. Minor In comparison to the good. Try it!Overall, we were expecting big things from Cicala and it was just inconsistent. The restaurant was not full to capacity yet it seemed like our drinks and food took a very long time. (Especially the drinks. They were very good cocktails at least). 
The server we had only had 3 tables but seemed like she was frantic all evening.
The food was hit or miss. Our table had 5 different things. The gnocchi dish with short rib was delicious. Would order it every single time. The winter caprese salad with burrata... also stunning and delicious. Fresh. Delicious balance of creamy burrata, citrus, and persimmon instead of tomato. Moving to the entrees is where things went downhill. The lamb shank was cooked wonderfully but it needed more sauce. It was served with cous cous and the dish ate dry. The truffle pasta was supposed to be be brown butter and sage based but it tasted simply like butter noodles you give to a 4 year old (the truffles on top were wonderful). And finally, the rabbit porchetta was creative and unique, but it was overwhelming rosemary flavored which took over the dish. Plus it didn't come with any starch or veg aside from one mushroom.
Overall, I would go back and try different things. Maybe it was an off night. But this experience didn't live up to expectations.If you haven't gone to Cicala yet, I suggest you skip it. It was a Birthday celebration gone wrong. The worst service I have experienced in a long time.  Twice, I had to ask to have the table cleared and twice I had to ask about our dinners. The restaurant was virtually empty, so that wasn't the problem. Oh and we were charged for two bottles of wine not one. Don't say I didn't warn you.Cicala at the Divine Lorraine is a beautiful restaurant. We went on a Wednesday and had the entire restaurant to ourselves. While we had our vaccination cards/ID ready, we were never asked per the new city mandate. The food really was amazing, except...
...we had fruit flies swarming our table all night (they said they had "just sprayed" but they were back)
...the fritto misto antipasto didn't have half the items listed on the menu, the batter was unflavored and fat too thick. By the end, the thick rich sauce made the fried pieces limp and soggy (not to mention the sardines they added were still bone-in)
...the duck secondi was two pieces of duck (which was perfectly cooked, mind you) but NOT worth $43 (you should have received four pieces for that amount)
While the restaurant was beautiful and the dishes each better than the last, the price and amount of food will not make us return customers.