If you're reading this review then Circles may already be out of business, but please save yourself the horrible experience and just go to Baan Thai on liberty walk.  
I went to Circles once when it opened and it was very meh, I figured they would get a little better with time.  Just had dinner there tonight and it was my worst Thai experience for the following reasons:
1. Service was extremely slow.  There were literally three other tables there that had already eaten and took over 45 minutes for food to come out. 
2. Got some kind of "General Thai Chicken" on the special menu.  Two very small pieces of overcooked chicken came out with mediocre veggies.  Wow, $19, really??
3. This place is hot, balls hot.  I don't need the actual temperature to be hot when eating Thai, i usually sweat it out.  However the food that came out was beyond white person spicy, don't insult me Circles. 
4. Bad service in general.  I complained about the chicken dish being ridiculous and they didn't even refund it.  I don't even care about the money, you think restaurants would just do that to avoid more bad reviews online.  I wish Circles would pay attention to the internet more to learn about better cooking and running a restaurant for dummies.I came here for a CMYE and had a good time.  The food was yummy with my favorites being the pork with chili plum sauce and the spring rolls.  As far as the tea they were serving (either Thai or chai, the server was hard to hear with the noise), it was DELICIOUS.  It reminded me of a clove hinted Yoohoo. The servers passing appetizers and serving beer were all incredibly nice, and so was the chef.  I will be back here to try a true dining experience and for a massive amount of that tea.I would like to agree with Ryan, below.  I'm really happy to have a new option in No Libs.  This is a great addition.  This was my first experience with Thai and I have to say, it was absolutely delicious.  My friends and I shared 4 apps (Summer Rolls, Fritters, Calamari and one other that I can't remember) all were very good.  As my main, I got the Pineapple Curry (medium) with chicken.  Amazing!!  I loved every bite of it.  I can't wait to go back and try something else.  
The staff was very friendly and attentive.  
Will definitely be going back soon!I'm sure the food is great and all, but don't bother trying to order takeout from here.   Ordered Pad Kee Moo, two hours later it still hadn't shown up.  Called up and it turns out that they must have somehow lost the order, because nobody could figure out where it was.   Grumpy and hungry, I ventured out into the cold for a couple of slices.
Heard great things about the food, but who cares if they can't get it to you?What happened to this place? Quality of the food as well as portion sizes went way down.
Peak gai tod was no longer served as whole wings and were completely flavorless. Summer rolls falling apart, sloppily put together, lacked any herbs, and came with watered-down sauce. How far they have fallen.A fellow Yelper once told me that when it comes to ethnic restaurants the true indicator of quality is a majority of the patrons and workers be of the same ethnicity as the restaurant. Well if lovin' the Lord is wrong I don't wanna be right because I didn't see one Thai worker and there may have only been two or three Asians in the entire place, regardless boo and I had our best meal of 2012 there. 
We had reservations for 8:00 but it was a Saturday night so we had to wait about ten minutes. Once we were seated the manager stopped by our table to apologize and ask if there is anything we needed to please let him know. Completely unnecessary but a very nice gesture. 
Our waitress was extremely friendly and as this was our first time at Circles she walked us through the menu. I've only had Thai once (boo and I's first date in 2008, just picture Along Came Polly capped off with me forgetting my wallet) so I had a lot of questions but she was on top of everything. We ended up getting the pork dumplings and the crab ragoon. Amazing. The ragoon had a lot of curry in it which gave it a really unique flavor that was sweet and a bit spicy. The dumpling wrap was like eating a cloud, and the dipping sauce was out of control.
When it came to the man dishes this was tough because everything sounded great and most options had a beef / poultry / fish option. I have a tough time when there are multiple good sounding options but I was told the chefs specialty is beef and so I went with the green curry with beef and boo went with the pork pad thai. Along with a paint bucket full of wine I got at Pinot the day before, this meal was perfect. The meat in both dishes was beyond tender. The spiciness was just as described which was a relief after my last experience. We even had a little left over and we NEVER have leftovers so this was huge. We ordered two thai coffees to finish up and before we could order dessert the manager brought over thai coffee ice cream for us to share on the house since we had to wait. 
Total class all the way. Affordable, delicious, and is now our go to when we have guests in town or just need to have a fail proof delicious meal.My original plan was to be at work tonight eating a sandwich for dinner, but then I was magically cancelled from my shift at the last minute. 
The clock was suddenly my friend.  
I had time on my hands.  
The world was my oyster.  
Are you sick of the cliches yet? 
So, we decided to head to No Libs to try out Circles.  From the moment we walked in, we were hit with the smells from the kitchen and we couldn't wait to eat.  I immediately told the waitress about my allergies and asked her what she recommended from the menu.  She steered us towards the summer rolls to start off our dinner.  They were a little on the plain side, but it was a huge portion that we were able to split easily and the ingredients were fresh.  She then told us they could make the pad thai vegan without any problems.  It came out and it was cooked perfectly.  I've never had pad thai that good.  We were leaning towards the pineapple curry, but the waitress actually suggested the pumpkin curry since the weather outside had gotten cooler.  I'm so glad she convinced us to switch.  The pumpkin curry was wonderfully rich and creamy and it was a good match for the fall temperatures.  
One appetizer and two entrees was a good amount to share between the two of us.  We left Circles happily full and we even had a bit leftover that we were able to take with us.  It goes without saying that I didn't miss my sandwich at all.  I'll definitely be back here at some point.The food is unreal. I mean, actually so good that I remember trying there massaman curry for the first time and actually thinking that it was the greatest thing that I've ever eaten. I would consider getting it on an IV drip. Not to mention everything else I have ever gotten there. I try to make at least a weekly trip and I live about 30 minutes away on the other side of the city. Also, their Jasmine rice is cooked perfectly, which is the most important thing to look for at any place like this. I would give it more then 5 stars if possible.This is our go to place when we are looking for delivery.  We have had a variety of dishes and they have all been amazing.  I love the pad thai and the philly egg rolls were surprisingly delicous.I haven't ventured to as many Thai places as I want to/should, but it's my favorite in northern libs. The peanut Thai noodles were awesome.From the food to the decor, the area its in, and the people that work there are all very nice and inviting.  This place has become one of my fave's in northern liberties.  The food is very flavorful and true to its culture and I have been to Thailand, so I can say it meets right where its from!I rarely review because I really have a hard time slamming someone's livelihood, no matter how bad the outcome is for me. This one however merits a vent from me as a warning to the Management. I ordered several dishes at a medium level last night for takeout and they were beyond any Thai medium I've ever tasted - here or otherwise. When my girlfriend called for clarification on our order she received terrible customer service. The staff in general is overwhelmingly friendly at Circle, except for whomever was handling complaints last night. I know the customer is not always right but there was no reason for the arrogance and ignorant questions about (not) knowing that "Thai medium is American hot". Yes, we do know this. Yes, we've had good meals with you before, mostly dining with you. What we received last night were not 'medium' spicy dishes. Someone got heavy handed with the chillies. No, there was no need to argue over it. We also ordered a "hot" dish - We know what we were asking for! So instead of agreeing that maybe someone messed up, you just questioned our sincerity. I wouldn't drive 15 minutes each way to get your food and then complain if there wasn't something wrong. We even offered to bring the food back to be replaced. Instead, I overpaid for rice, noodles and green papaya that is going in the rubbish bin, because all you could do was debate spice level. It would have taken 10 minutes and less than $10 in actual cost to fix the issue. You lost two repeat customers over your arrogance.The service is good. Food is good but sometimes a bit salty in general so I usually ask for the sauce on the side or extra veggies. I mostly like this place because I live so close to it and it's the only Asian restaurant nearby. Nice cozy atmosphere.I just waited two hours for an order that was never even being made. My husband and I ordered take out through the circles website and after an hour and fifteen minutes of no delivery I called to check on the order. The guy who answered the phone told me that my order was out for delivery and it is taking longer because they only have one delivery guy. So we waited another 15-20 minutes and still received no food. I called back and spoke to a manager who told me that the cashier lost my order. They offered to deliver the food in 15 minutes but at 845 on a Sunday night, I decided to just cancel the order. Such a frustrating experience, I shouldn't have to call to make sure my order is being made. I know mistakes happen but I called 3 times and not once did they check to make sure it was being made.The NoLibs location is now in soft opening mode. I was able to attend a preview event, where I was impressed with the cute, cozy space. I bet this place will be packed at dinner time. I tried some of the appetizers, including tasty cheesesteak spring rolls and beef  salad. Chicken satay was a little dry. If the curries here are as good as the other location, NoLibs is lucky to have the new Circles!We went here for the firsts time for my daughter's birthday dinner. It was fabulous just like the other circles.  The food was exceptional. We have different tastes in food yet all four of us were thrilled.  We took home some leftovers, meaning that portions were terrific.  The server understood we had a show to get to afterward and was mindful to get us our check quickly and wrap our leftovers fast.  The price was right and the atmosphere is charming.  
I like the other Circles because it is closer to home, but the one on 2d street is far prettier inside.Not the best but not the absolute worst. The service was good and the place seemed nice even though I just ran in for pick up. The pad Thai was ok, insanely spicy though (like eye watering, nose sniffling hot) and I chose "medium", so if you can't handle spice I would stick with mild. The octopus was a bit rubbery and flavorless, so were the summer rolls. Also it seems a bit overpriced for what it is. Overall I probably won't ever eat here again even though it's super close to my house.Ordered from Grubhub on a rainy, cold Sunday because my boyfriend & I were craving some serious curry.
The good: Crab Rangoon was delicious and not overly sweet. Curries had nice flavor in both of our dishes, though the man claims his wasn't as spicy as it should have been. 
The bad: There was a hair (that didn't belong to me or my boyfriend) in my curry, and they forgot to bring one of the two Thai teas we ordered. 
I think I'll stick to ordering from Erawan in Chinatown, because this was not worth the $50 it cost us.This review is long over due as I have eaten from Circles for a while now. I love everything they have so far but my favorite is definitely the pad thai! I do not like spicy foods but my girlfriend does so the fact that they can accomodate for both of us is very helpful. She reccomends only getting Thai hot if you can handle really really hot foods. It was surprisingly spicy for her which is something to note. The beef pad thai is the best in the city! I could eat that everyday! The pad see ew is delicious as well with the thick cut noodles and veggies mixed in. For an appetizer we got the thai rolls which again, I could eat everyday. They are big and filling by themselves! The service we recieve for both dine in and takeout/delivery is always fast and helpful. This is one of our favorite restaurants in Philadelphia! We both reccomend coming here any day of the week as it will always taste so delicious!!Your meal may not be gourmet but solid and you know what you get. 
I love a BYO and can be a great spot to do dinner with friends though typically you want to keep it under for and/or make a reservation. 
Great lunch specials, I've made it in time for lunch a few times but wish the noodle dishes had a bit more noodle. 
Also be sure you know what spice you can handle. Their medium may not be your medium.Came in for dinner on a Friday night. We ordered Pla Pad Chaa and it was the bomb!!! The only thing i'd complain about is the saltiness of the tom yum soup. But the server happily took it back and served again. Super friendly staff. Love it :)Awful.  Went here with a group of friends and they brought our appetizers out in waves fine.  Then the entrees slowly started coming in waves.  Soon 4 of my friends had their meals while I patiently waited for mine.  Then my friends suggested that they probably forgot.  But I insisted that this contemporary restaurant does it in waves.  Boy was I wrong.  Totally forgot my entree, had to tell them to remove it from the bill since I never got it and didn't want it anymore since everyone was almost doneHoly crow, this meal was good.   We started with the satay which was perfectly grilled tender chicken in an amazing satay sauce.  We shared the chicken pad thai and when asked, requested medium spice.   This came out pretty spicy anyway, but was a very tolerable amount of heat.   We also shared the pumpkin curry.   This was the hands down winner.   It was sweet and spicy and thick and flavorful and so pumpkiny.   Yes it's a word.   
The food was perfectly made and the service was friendly and fast.    What else could we possibly want?Went there with a friend on their first evening being officially open, and then again the next night as part of a party of four. 
Food was excellent both times - papaya salad, corn fritters, thai rolls, and steamed dumplings among the excellent starters. Pumpkin curry, salmon Pad Thai, basil stir fry, and eggplant stir fry among some of the excellent entrees.
All dishes offered with a selectable spice level - which initially concerned me because sometimes that means the spices are thrown on already prepared food at the last minute. But not here. This food all was excellent, and the spices unfolded in a really nice, complex way as one would hope/expect. 
The spice scale seems to be just about right too. Unless you like super-spicy, I'd say get things medium or hot ("Thai hot" is the highest level). And unless you're really sensitive to spice (or don't like Thai food to begin with), don't get mild level either.
The atmosphere is warm and clean, with a touch of elegance - casual but nice enough for a dinner out with someone special. It is indeed noisy - although they do have fabric wallpaper, which shows they have made an effort to absorb some sound within the confines of the "no carpet, no drapes, no upholstery" restaurant aesthetic that seems to be pervasive these days.
The service was excellent as well. As others have said, it's clear that some things are still being worked out since they've just opened. But the manager sent out an amuse-bouche both nights, and the food we ordered did not take long to come out. The servers also cleared our empty/dirty plates and silverware, and asked how everything was during both the app and main courses.
What a joy to have a place that's got great Thai food, service without attitude, and shockingly reasonable prices - Both nights it was $20 to $26 per person, including tax and tip.
The only reason I'd advise you not to go, is so there will be room for me to get in!I am so happy circles is in our neighborhood!  The summer rolls are super fresh, the green curry was great, as were the drunken noodles.  We also had the papaya salad, and the calamari - yum!  Beware of how hot you order your food - a 3 or 4 on their rating scale is really,really spicy - so if you are sensitive I'd recommend a 1 or a 2.  The decor is super cute too, a great place for an affordable date night or to meet up with friends.  Great experience!Tried this place on a random date with my fiance' and loved it. The environment was nice and semi-romantic ...the food was good as well ...had the chicken tom yum soup and some drunken noodles ...will try againGood:
Taste (2 different curries, amazing apps.)
Light in the stomach, but very filling - not heavy
Delicious
Large portions at a great price
Bad:
Getting reservation request in in-time.  The place is quickly becoming a neighborhood favorite, for good reason.Everything I've had here has been amazingly delicious! This is my new obsession. The lemongrass soup is exceptional!!!!! The beef salad is made beautifully and the curry is packed with flavor. You won't be disappointed here. Excellent service as well.I've ordered take-out and dined in here before with no problem, so what I went through tonight totally blindsided me.
I ordered take out and went to pick it up while my boyfriend waited in the car. They told me it'd be a moment, and they looked very busy. It's fine. I don't mind waiting a moment cause I know how things can get in a restaurant. After waiting for what felt like forever, and after the hostess whispered frantically amongst themselves, I learned that they had accidentally given my take-out to someone who had left before I got there.  Okay...this is annoying, but all I wanted was for them to make my order again so I could pay and get out of there. 20 minute wait? Ugh...fine. I accepted with the best smile I could muster.
The second hostess returned and stopped the other server from reentering my order. Why? I guess the manager wanted her to CALL THE PERSON WHO THEY GAVE MY FOOD TO SO THEY COULD COME BACK AND THEN GIVE ME THAT FOOD. WHAT? ARE YOU KIDDING?
What restaurant makes a mistake and then expects that 
a) the first customer should have to come all the way back because the restaurant messed up
b) the second customer would be okay being sold food that had left the premises and returned?
All i wanted to do was wait my extra 20 minutes and get my food and pay for it (I'd even pay full price despite the inconvenience). I'm starting to get annoyed and express how not okay with this I am, and a manager comes over. Instead of apologizing and being helpful or trying to recitfy the situation he disrespects me and acts like I'm an idiot. I tell him I'm frustrated and he responds "Yeah, I can tell." He then asks why I won't take the food even if it came back unopened...again ARE YOU KIDDING? You have absolutely NO idea what happened to the food once it left with that customer. I just really don't understand why at this point a new order hasn't just been put in. He finally caves but at this point I tell him that I just don't really want to wait for food from there. 
The whole situation was incredibly unprofessional. I've e-mailed the restaurant and hope that I will be able to update this review one day to reflect swift and polite customer service to fix this. Until then, I just can't bring myself to ever come here if it's the policy of the place to ignore the best interests of the customer so that you can save a few bucks and make one less order.Overpriced and underwhelming.  For about 3x the price of any other takeout, it definitely wasn't 3x better.
First, let's start with the soup. I ordered lemongrass soup, which was lemongrass broth with a few floating rogue onions.  Now, at an additional cost you can add some sort of "protein" to the soup, but for $6 there should be something besides onions!
Next, the spring rolls.  These were nothing I couldn't get from my grocer's freezer.  
The duck pad thai was OK, but for $17 I was hoping for a little better than OK.  Admittedly I am not a pad thai aficionado, but that was just a little disappointing.  It was very dry, and not a whole lot going on.  I feel like I could have gotten better pad thai at Pei Wei, which is not a good feeling!
On the up side, the delivery was quick and the lady who took my order was lovely.  But unfortunately, my foray into the world of pad thai will lead me elsewhere.Best thai I've had in Philly, flavor was on the sino-thai side but was thai hot. The lunch special was 750 w soup n egg roll. I found the portions very generous, service n ambiance good. Plus=brown rice. They have a menu in thai but most of the staff were not, I found that a bit strange.for quite some time i had been searching for a good thai place in the city. i've tried many of the other popular yelp suggestions, but always left the other places a bit underwhelmed. i have memories from being in australia, where thai places were abundant and amazing, and i was trying to recapture that experience.  i was eagerly anticipating circles opening in our hood, and we rushed to try it out as soon as we could.
the good:
vegetable dumplings- i was quite blown away by these, soft, melt in your mouth goodness. even my wife, who doesn't like onions (veggie dumplings made primarily with leeks) came back for seconds.
general thai- some bits of chicken were overcooked, but they nailed the spice level, and overall, the whole dish overcame its shortfalls. there's a caveat here about the chicken being overcooked, which i will bring up in another section.
massaman curry- amazing, sweet,spicy,creamy. i was in heaven.
chicken satay- a standard, nothing out on a limb with regards to thai food, but they executed it perfectly.
the bad:
we had made our reservations for the friday of their opening week. they might have been overwhelmed by the demand. it took a bit of time to get our appetizers, and there was a significant wait between that and our entrees. i definitely ascribe that to the fact that we came at a peak time on their opening week. i'm sure these kinks will be worked out. i also attribute the overcooked chicken in the general thai to the kitchen being swamped.
our waiter was sometimes no where to be found. again, new location, super busy. i think he was nervous to approach us about the delays.  we're pretty reasonable people, we would have totally accepted a "i'm sorry, the kitchen is super backed up" explanation, but the guy just dissappeared for a long time.
neither good nor bad:
the table was a bit small,cramped, and the restaurant was super noisy. none of these are a deal breaker, but the noise is a good indicator of the restaurant's "buzz".
the redeeming:
at some point, the maitre'd realized we had been waiting for a while, and definitely made the extra effort and attention. he gave us some free dessert as way of apology. 
conclusion: definitely worth it, not without it's faults, but all in all, stuff that will shake out over time. we will be back.....
very very very often, i'm sure.I get delivery from here maybe 1-2 times per month. I usually order the pad see ew. And usually to meet a delivery min I get meat added to the dish, which is always a mistake.  The pad see ew is delicious.  The meat, regardless of what I order, has always been overlooked. Always. 90% of the time the food is delivered within 30-40 minutes. But when it's not it's like 2 hours and no one can find your order. I'll continue to order from them though.Great food! The recent lunch menu is fantastic and the service was amazing. The Duck Salad was delicious along with the thai rolls.finding good pad thai in philly was a failure until now. circles has the BEST pad thai in the city.  very fresh, relatively cheap (around $10) and lots of fresh veggies and slices of mango on top.  added plus that the chicken/shrimp pad thai is gluten free, considering it is very difficult to find an asian dish without soy sauce. summer rolls are also good.The restaurant has a nice atmospere. Waitor was friendly. I ordered pad thai chicken. It was very tasty with the mango and peanut flavors.
You can choose from chicken beef and seafood.I previously loved Circles but I am annoyed with them over the "new menu" they put into place.  Items removed and prices increased?  Not cool.Don't eat here. My friend and I walked in and took a seat. The waitress handed us the menu, and as I contemplated the pad thai, a roach- A ROACH- crawled out from under the napkin on my plate. We immediately left without causing a scene. The screwed up part is, if the bug had crawled out a minute sooner, I would have ate off that plate!I'm still a bit annoyed at my previous experience at Circles. And initially, no one from Circles got back to me about my horrible experience. 
After going back and forth on Twitter with a Philly food blogger about my experience at Circles, they finally stepped in and apologized and invited me to the soft opening of their newest location. I wrote in my last review that I wanted to be able to update this showing swift and polite customer service, so I'm updating to let everyone know that I had polite and eventual customer service, even if it wasn't exactly swift. An apology means a lot to me, and Circles food IS good. 
I'm willing to give it a try again. Hopefully they've had a good talking to to the manager that made my last experience a bad one.We went to Circles on a cold, rainy Friday night to celebrate a friend's birthday.  It is BYOB and there is a Foodery bottle shop located conveniently right across the street.  I stopped there on my way and picked up some beers to pair with what was sure to be a spicy dinner (based on previous Yelp reviews).  I arrived earlier than the rest of my party and was promptly seated while I waited for their arrival.  Our server brought out an ice bucket for our beer, opened our first one, and left a bottle opener on the table for our convenience, which I thought was a nice touch.  
When everyone arrived, we ordered the vegetable spring rolls as an appetizer.  They were good, about what you'd expect from a typical Thai restaurant.  We got about six pieces, and it served as a decent appetizer.  There are a few levels of heat you can order for your entree.  I looooove spicy food and have a high spice tolerance, so I really only heard medium, hot or Thai hot.  For an entree, I got the Pad Kaprow with wide noodles and chicken, hot.  It was good.  I thought the heat added too the dish and enhanced rather than toke away from the flavor of the dish.  One of my companions got the Pad Kee Mow, hot, but it was decidedly not as hot as my dish, so the heat seemed to be somewhat inconsistent.  The serving sizes were decent.  I was able to take home half of my dish and eat it for dinner two days later (it was still quite good heated up in the oven, the vegetables did not get soggy).  
Altogether, I thought the service was good, the food was decent (I appreciated that they make a point to figure out what level of spicy you want), and the portions were large.  I would eat here again if it was in the area, but probably would not make a special trip.Excellent Thai food, and my current fav in the city. Tried a variety on the menu and everything has been excellent and delicious. Be careful if you ask for spicy, although flavorful, can be more than what you're used to. Try mild and go on from there. 
Every dish features those wonderful blends of Thai cooking that I've come to love. Try the lemon grass soup for starters, it's like being punched in the face with flavor. I crave it each time I go, a must in my opinion. 
I've had the Pad Thai, red curry, pumpkin curry, and massaman curry. All delicious but I tend to lean toward more savory than sweet dishes when it comes to Thai. Totally a personal preference. I've yet to be disappointed with anything I've tried. My wife loves their Thai beef salad, which she typically pairs with that awesome lemon grass soup. 
The dining area is small and more accommodating for smaller circles, no pun intended. And the service is very friendly and knowledgable in helping you find your next food adventure.Yelp is becoming less credible everyday. I used to read yelp ratings to assist in my decision to eat out on daily basis, only to find that most of these so-called "ratings" are largely hyped. Is there a 3rd party service that gets paid to rate this place? Because Circles is no where near a four star rating, at all.
The food is overpriced garbage. Sorry folks, but the "contemporary" taste that this restaurant seems to boast is more generic, one-dollar to go-ish, than it is a culinary masterpiece. 
Do you like paying Jose Garces prices for sub-par meals? Only to find that the rice is decaying after it touches your palate. Gross! To think, that this place is busy enough to have new rice every week. I told the staff that day and all they did was ignore me. 
There is definitely something going on behind the curtains here.
After investigating some comments further, I can now see that this place may be going into dire straights. One person commented that they "used to be open for lunch, now it's only open for dinner."
Another moaned, " They got rid of half of the menu items." If I am not mistaken. I think this place is about ready to close after the five year lease is up and is covering up for their losses by using what is left of their "stellar" yelp reputation by being stingy with the food, old rice, and sub-par service.
Not a bad exit strategy.... I guess......
Pros:
NONE
Cons:
- Crappy food quality
- Non-attentive wait staff
- Rotten Rice.....
- I found only 3 small pieces of chicken in my $14 Red Curry. I basically paid a ton of money for $1.00 worth of vegetables and 50 cents worth of chicken.
- Avoid..... I've had much MUCH better, and cheaper, Thai food elsewhere.Careful with the spicy pad thai!!!
The owner Alex is a really cool guy, and has been in business with circles for almost a decade, which is no surprise considering the excellence of Circles food. :)We went here with a GREAT recommendation of a friend. First we had ended up at the take out location, and finally found this place. When we walked in it was empty, given it was an odd time of the day. They were all friendly and helpful. We had the basil thai rice and chicken massaman curry. The rice was salty, and i could barely eat it after a while, but it was smelling amazing. The chicken was very delicious, with some potatoes. I ended up getting some mango sweet rice, it actually was very nice.The crab fried rice is delicious. I enjoyed every bite. We've ordered dumplings and egg rolls in the past, they are always good.
The biggest downfall to this meal? We ordered mild chicken curry and definitely got hot chicken curry. It was even hot for me... I want to think they switched orders or something because this is just a poor, basic mistake if anything otherwise.
We aren't giving up on them though. The food is good.Truly awful customer service! Worst I've had in the otherwise excellent restaurant industry in Philly.  I purchased takeout there last night - 2 curry dishes.  When I got home, I found that they had forgotten rice in the order.  I called and returned and got the rice. They were hardly apologetic and offered nothing for my trouble.  I then returned home, only to find that one of the curry dishes had the wrong meat in it, and they had forgotten to put meat in the other.  The receipt had the correct order, so it was not a miscommunication.  I called again, and was told the kitchen was closed and there was nothing they could do.  They offered half off my next order. Not wanting to ever go back there, I asked for a refund.  They refused unless I brought the food back.  Not wanting to drive back again, I asked to talk to the manager.  I was told the owner was there but did not speak English.  Stay away.Food is always great, and there awesome with substitutions. I like to try new dishes every other time I order and I've never had a bad meal! I order takeout a lot and never have issues. Dined in once and despite it being nearly empty our food took a long time (assuming this was because of take out demands).Having been devoid of a Thai restaurant for several years in the neighborhood, I was very excited to check out Circles, but after eating there one time, I cannot express my complete and total dissatisfaction enough.
I called to order some take out on a Tuesday evening, and was placed on hold for 5 minutes, until I got sick of waiting.  So I hung up.   I called back a couple of minutes later, and again, I was placed on hold, so I put my phone on speaker, and proceeded to rearrange my sock drawer.  This should have been taken as a sign from God to NOT ORDER FOOD FROM CIRCLES.  But I ignored these signs, and called back.  This time, the person who answered was able to accept my take out order.
We ordered some pineapple curry with chicken and some red curry with chicken, no rice and extra vegetables on both entrees, for takeout one evening.  I was very disappointed with what we got.  For $14 an entree, my dish consisted mostly of the coconut curry sauce, and much little of anything else.  There were a few pieces of what appeared to be pre-chewed shredded chicken in there, and absolutely no extra veggies like I had asked!  My dish was extremely saucy, and left me still hungry afterwards.  The curry was very sweet...too sweet, and not spicy like I had asked
I would consider making an exception if the food was good, but both entrees were terrible!!!  
As long as Baan Thai (the other, less heralded Thai place that just opened up in Liberties Walk) is open, I will gladly order from there rather than get ripped off for marginally edible and extremely overpriced food.I had not noticed this Thai spot before, but I am really glad I gave it a try! I came here for a double date craving curry. Circles is blissfully BYOB and as soon as we were seated, the waitress quickly fetched an ice bucket and uncorked a bottle for us. The restaurant is a little small, but very intimate and comfortable. All the candles against the dark wood gave a nice effect. 
Three of us ordered curries and one had the pad see ew. I was delighted to see the pumpkin curry on the menu and absolutely loved it. I did get mild so I can't evaluate the spice but it had the perfect suggestion of sweetness and the pumpkin harmonized well with the coconut milk. I recommend getting chicken with this particular curry. The rest of my party really enjoyed their dishes as well. The service was flawless and the waitress took great care to make sure we were happy with our food. Prices were not bad at all and we left very satisfied. 4 stars for the NoLib location!Hidden gem worth discovering!!
We had the green curry and cashew dishes and both were absolutely delicious.My gf and I both love our local Houston and Baton Rouge Thai restaurants back home, respectively. And since we were on vacation, we decided to go out to eat Thai. Of all the restaurants we ventured to in philly, we absolutely loved Circles! The menu has an interesting selection with many vegetarian and vegan options to choose from. The coconut milk soup was the perfect way to start after such a cold evening, keeping us warm while we settled down enjoying the atmosphere. The seitan was really palatable with its taste and texture...very tender. It's a good meat substitute especially if you're anyone who is making the transition to vegetarian. I will say that the basil fried rice that i had was just a tiny bit salty for my liking, but that's nothing to complain about as i can just easily ask to go light/easy next time. The owner and our server were very nice and attentive, very quick and on top of their service. Really friendly! I would say for the value, this place can't be beat. Good portions, affordable, and BYOB. I would highly recommend coming back here again. Can't wait to try the Pad Kaprow w/seitan, the vegetarian cheesestake, and their desserts next time we visit.I was very pleasantly surprised by this place. It's got a great vibe... the food was incredible. I'm usually really good when it comes to spicy foods, but the Thai spicy level was off the Scoville scale.... it hurt so good. So be WARNED: Don't get the thai spicy level unless you can handle super spicy foods.Two complaints about Circles N.L.: 
1) I called for take-out three separate occasions before I was able to get someone who was actually able to take an order. They need to work more with their staff to clarify what is available and when, and they need to update their website to indicate which services apply to the N.L. location vs. original location. Finally got clear info that on the weekends they only do take-out after 5 and was able to order. 
2) The food was really moderate. I am not a Thai food aficionado, but a few things were wrong for me. I had the Seitan Satay and Basil Fried Rice with Beef. The Seitan had a slightly unappealing flavor (couldn't quite identify what the flavor was though?). Texture of the Seitan wasn't bad. The beef in my fried rice was super tough and over cooked. Lots of hard bits in my rice as well, which I think was the white seeds from bell peppers, as if they hadn't been cleaned properly. The black pepper flavor of the dish overall was nice. 
Definitely disappointed in the experience as a whole, the 'hood has definitely been hurting for some Thai food! Since my experience was soso on both service and food I probably won't bother going back.Other than the smallness of the restaurant and the relatively  higher noise level as a result, I love this place. Had the coconut soup (yummo!!) and the Pai thai. You can ask to have it as spicey as your pallet allows.  The staff were accomodating and attentive. Loved the fact that it is a BYOB.This was my fourth experience at Circles, the first for take out. I had been pretty impressed with the food and service while seated at the restaurant. This takeout order was a big disappointment. We ordered Summer rolls and fried calamari as appetizers. The summer rolls were fine. The calamari was tasty too, although the sauce was so salty as to be inedible. So we ate the calamari plain. We ordered a Pork Green Curry and a Chicken Red Curry. The take-out bowls were totally deceiving. What looked like it would be nice portion was all liquid in both orders. After fishing out the chicken, peppers, bamboo shoots, etc., there was not even enough to satisfy a child. Were it not for the side of brown rice, we would have still been hungry. As take-out, it would have been a burden to return all the way to the restaurant for replacements, so we grumbled and chalked it up to experience. Had I been in the restaurant and served this meal, it would have gone back.Circles is a great venue for classic Thai fare. The atmosphere is nice and tastefully decorated yet casual. The food we enjoyed was very fresh and tasty.  The menu features a variety of options suitable for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike. I didn't feel that the appetizers were anything to write home about but the entrees were good and generously portioned. As some reviewers have said, I would probably be conservative on the level of spiciness you order--it might be hotter than you expect. Circles is also BYOB which is also convenient.  We had attentive service and enjoyed the experience. I'd definitely return. I can't speak to the delivery but the dine in experience is on point!What a nice little find!!!  This place is a surprise.  Were it not for the Living Social deal, I would have never went here.  I had the pad thai with shrimp and my sister had the crab fried rice.  Amazing---the food was delicious and the igredients were so fresh, you just knew it was made that minute you walked in, not sitting around pre-cooked waiting for someone to order it.
One tiny complaint, the young lady had to be summoned twice to refill the water glasses, because this is a BYOB place and since we did not know this, we only had the water with the meal.
I will definitely be going back, maybe as a delivery, the seating is a little tight, and my hips had a hard time navigating across the backs of chairs!!!I have so much to rave about this sister location of Circles. First and foremost, what the chef did on Thursday 11/14/13 was out of pure love and charity. The chef donated all sales of the day to help the victims of the typhoon in the Philippines. I believe it was roughly around $3,000. I did not hear any other restaurants that did something like this but I'm sure there were. 
I love ordering from this place during lunch, mostly because I work only a few blocks away. You can never go wrong with the Pad Thai but the curry dishes are wonderful. If you're craving crab, order the crab fried rice. It has so much lump crab meat that you will be satisfied. It is my favorite fried rice, hands down!
10/3/14 I have had to downgrade the quality of service and food in this establishement. I don't know what is going on at this location but it has really gone down. I order from this location mostly when I'm at work in Old City. The spicy level is never consistent. I have requested multiple times on certain dishes to not be spicy because some of my co-workers can't handle the spice, on some days it's right on, other days it's spicy as hell. I like my food to be Medium spice and on some days it's Thai hot and others Mild. The delivery system is an absolute failure, out of the many times I've ordered I've gotten my food on time, twice. The other times I requested for delivery, it is usually 15-20 minutes late. I really hope that this location work on their service and quality for take out orders because for the most part we do enjoy the food here. So, please try to improve your service.Great little thai spot in Northern Liberties. Lots of vegan options. The pumpkin curry dish is the fire!! It has the green skin pumpkin chunks in a curry with veggies. mmmmm. The server was very informed and helped with suggestions. If you are in Nolibs and need some thai, hit this spot!! It's great!!The food wasn't horrible....but it is not like any thai that I have had.  I know everyone differs in their opinion on what "good" thai food tastes like....and I appreciate that.  But this was not authentic Thai food.
Their dishes tasted kind of like they were supposed to, but with a twist,and not in a good way.  They also didn't have sticky rice for my meal.  
Maybe I have just been spoiled and lived in places where there is awesome Thai.  
On a positive note....it's very clean, new, and the waiter was excellent.Decided to order here for a Saturday Night Delivery. Was unfortunately disappointed.
First of all, prices are pretty expensive. After reading the reviews on here I figured it was a solid option, but the prices are higher than some of the surrounding restaurants. The food got here in about an hour, which is pretty typical on a Saturday night. The delivery serviceman was very polite and brought the food to my door. $5 delivery fee though...yikes!
The food itself was mediocre. The pad woonseen had essentially 2 pieces of chicken, and what seemed like old stale vegetables. Sauce was average. The mango sticky rice was okay.
Overall, disappointed with my experience. Hopefully I will be able to find a better thai restaurant in the future.Salmon pad thai was awesome, nice size portions for the price!Beware!! 
Advertising this food as "high quality" is a joke.. I was very disappointed with the food and was hoping that after an extremely long wait, that it'd be worth it. I was wrong.  
The worst part about this place is the delivery.... It took over 1hr30min to get our food and when we called to ask about the status, both the hostess and the manager were extremely rude. After asking about the wait, the manager accused me of ordering from the wrong location at South Street, even after I reassured them I ordered from Northern Libs and have the receipt as proof. Then after handing off the phone to someone else, they tried covering their mistakes by saying we should have ordered from the other location...
Overall sub-par thai food and the company's lack of customer service left a bad taste in my mouth (as did the food).  Needless to say, this is the last time we order from here.N. 2nd St. location (I have no experience of the original spot).  My wife and I thought our meal was very good, and we had great service at this little BYOB.  We had two appetizers, the chicken satay and summer rolls.  They were very fresh, the peanut sauce for the satay was incredible, not too heavy or peanut-y.  We also ordered a curry dish and Pad Kee Mao, both very good with the right amount of spice, but not too much that we couldn't get all the flavors.  We'll definitely be back.Ate at circles for the first time tonight with some college friends who were visiting and it was wonderful! I got the lemon grass soup and the spiciest Thai curry dish (I can't remember the name but it's the one that comes with the caution!) boy was it delicious!! Would definitely Come again :)Our waitress here was a delight, when it came time for me to order the papaya salad, I've asked for the spiciest and she warned me that it was made very spicy. We both joked living in Thailand, I am used to the heat while my date wasn't. She  recommended his dish to be mild, and came out with on the house treats for us.
The Thai iced tea was amazing! It was served with two bottles of coconut milk and honey. 
I'm a regular from now on.I just ordered delivery and the phone call was a beyond painful experience. Literally took about 15 minutes just to exchange information. Not sure about their staffing. The crab rangoon is nasty, don't do it,The bf and I ordered delivery from this location the other day. I would probably rate this place more like a 3.75. 
The food arrived fairly quickly and was still warm. We had ordered the Cheesesteak Spring Rolls, and Crab Rangoon to start. 
The cheese steak egg rolls were okay, nothing special about them. 
The Crab Rangoon app was by far, my favorite thing we ordered. It had more of an Indian twist, and I loved the creaminess of the filling and the spices on my taste buds. 
I had ordered Pad See-ew with Chicken. I was worried about the spice factor, so I ordered it mild. It wasn't bad, just nothing to write home about. I will probably try medium spice next time, to add a little kick to the food.
We also ordered the Fried S'more Banana Spring Rolls, which was nutella spread on bananas  wrapped in pastry and deep fried. You can't really go wrong with nutella, so these were good in my book.
Overall, not too bad of an experience, although it appears that you will get more bang for your buck if you eat-in, rather than order delivery.I had been wanting to try the South Philly Circles for a while and then this location opened much closer to us. We went on a Friday evening and were surprised to be seated right away (which I attributed to bad weather and people being out of town). This location is byob which I prefer for thai and we brought some white wine with us. I could see getting beers at the nearby Foodery as well in the future. The menu had a lot of things we were interested in trying, so it was hard to choose where to start. We ended up with the Seitan Satay to start and it did not disappoint. The texture was right on and the sauce was superb. I will have a hard time trying something new the next time I go. For mains we settled on trying our usuals as we wanted to see how Circles stacked up in the Philly Thai scene. Both my Pad Thai and Clay's Chicken Curry were great. I felt like I enjoyed too much of the Satay however because I had a hard time making a dent in my noodles. I look forward to trying more of their menu and making this a regular thai spot. The service was great and I loved the serving dishes.The food is average   but there was a strong dusty smell that may suggest it wasn't clean. Also, not a big fan of the area. I would have walked out but I was there in a group.Really good Thai food.  A little spendy, but overall worth the price.Delivery was faster than I was told so that I was a nice surprise. They have cheesesteak spring rolls which is nice if you have a s/o that isn't a big fan of Thai. He said they hit the spot. I hadn't had Thai in a while so at first the flavor was amazing but after the initial "I missed this so much," it was actually just average in the flavor department - not bad, but I've had better. The thing that threw me off was the veggies - peas, totally normal; carrots, great but they were a very small dice, which seemed a little odd; then when I came across the corn, was when I realized this was just frozen veggies: the corn / peas / carrots mix. I could see baby corn but just kernels of corn? Seemed weird. For $15 for just tofu Panang curry, I guess I would have liked something a little better.overpriced, but of course they can do this because there's a pretty giant lack of other options in the area. T_T
The pad thai here ain't all that, either.We ordered a $13.00 curry dish from here for take out and the dish was supposed to have snow peas and carrots but what I got was frozen peas and carrots ! Can't believe this place has 3-5 stars ! This place is below a fast food place in my rating ... NEVER have I gotten Frozen veges in my Thai food in this city ...We show up late for our reservation, we show up drunk, we are loud, we order things "Thai hot" and then cry into our plates and demand 5,000 water refills, and they are still pleasant and bring us quick and delicious food.  Plus it is a pretty dining room and I love the orchid flowers on each table and the nice stemware.  Also, best pad kee mao in the city.This has to be one of the places that I've gotten the best service as well as food! My boyfriend and I came on a Thursday afternoon. The interior was just like the pictures, absolutely beautiful. The exterior is a little deceiving because it doesn't look like anything special. We got the Thai Rolls and the Chicken Massaman and Roti for appetizers. They were DELICIOUS and the portions were very generous. The Thai Rolls were probably our favorite as we couldn't get enough of them. They came with fish sauce and peanuts which went so well with them. For entrees we got the Pad Thai as is and the Pad Prik Khing with Chicken. They were DELICIOUS as well. The rice with the Pad Prik Khing could have been a little more since the dish was more salty than we hoped up. The Pad Thai was perfect. We got medium spicy and it was enough to make me enjoy it, wasn't too much so that I couldn't even enjoy the food. The Pad Thai came as a lunch special which I didn't even know until the server told us, so I got the Coconut Milk soup with an spring roll. I didn't enjoy the soup that much since coconut milk was supposed to be sweet, but the saltiness just didn't mix well. The spring roll was really good. I loved that almost everything is vegetarian unless you request a protein, so vegetarians have a ton of options. Also, they gladly alter dishes for you. The service was phenomenal. Our waters were never more than half empty. He made sure we were doing okay a good number of times and helped us with a coupon we had. I will definitely be back with my vegetarian friend!Place is going downhill.... The quality of the food just isn't what it used to be.... Kitchen staff needs to be re-trained... Everything is WAY too salty... Last three times I ordered take out, they made mistakes...  Think I'm gonna switch to Baan...  First world problems, but, none the less...Checked out the new NoLibs version of Circles with my South Philly Circles friends.  The food is pretty much the same, but this one has a better dining room, although there's something to be said for the whole off the beaten track thing they have going in South Philly.  We had some calamari and then shared a bunch of dishes.  All were medium, or hot for spice level, but that was conveyed in different ways.  For example, my medium chicken pad see ew was a lot spicier than the spicy curry.  We had veggie, tofu, and chicken options and pretty much finished everything.  It was a good amount of food.  We brought wine which was quickly consumed, and paid about $25 a person, so it was definitely a good deal for a Friday night dinner.  It's busy so I recommend making a reservation on Open Table.Ordered food from Circles Thai a week ago. We ordered entrees for four people, and drinks for two. The drinks were each placed in bags. And the food containers were also placed in bags. Not sure if the delivery driver was driving like a bat out of hell or if the items were poorly packaged, but everything was a leaking mess. 
Additionally, the rice that came with two of the entrees was missing. We called the restaurant to let them know about the rice and the drinks and they said they were closing, but would send a delivery person with the rice and new drinks (they initially offered us a credit to be used at a later date but as visitors of the city, a credit wouldn't suffice).
After the above, there were two issues:
1. My Thai ice-tea, was not milky at all. It was quite watery.
2. My Pad See Eww was VERY salty. I have no doubt that if I were to get high blood pressure I would be able to single handedly point to this meal as the cause.I bought a LivingSocial deal for this place month prior to our visit, not in response to a recommendation or anything, but just because I saw it, realized that I haven't made it over to Northern Liberties in a while, and bought it to encourage myself to get over there and experience some north 2nd St. nightlife.  The reviews don't do this place enough justice; this dining experience was a much finer (and tastier) than I expected.
Yes, it's a few blocks south of the Piazza and it doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you step in you can't help but admire the interior; great wood finishes, artwork, servers dressed in Thai garb...maybe a bit much but shows they're trying to push for a nice themed atmosphere.  
Their dishes have varying levels of hot...mild, medium, hot, and Thai hot (for those feeling adventurous).  You also choose between a chicken, beef, tofu, shrimp, etc. for most of the entrees.  The dishes were also good portioned and plenty to fill up one person and bring some leftovers home.  I got the Pumpkin Curry with beef (very popular dish) and my girlfriend got the Tofu Pad Ped w/ peppercorns and we shared; both very flavorful dishes that I would highly recommend, especially the latter if you are confident in your ability to handle the asian spice!
Great BYOB; be sure to stop by the Foodery across the street and pick up an appropriate alcoholic beverage to go with delicious eastern cuisine.