I have been eating from here for years.  The pizza is always consistently good.  I mostly stop in for a slice on occasion.  Prices are reasonable.  The pizza is cheesy, the crust is crispy.
Only complaint is sometimes they ignore me at the counter.  They carry on their conversations (non work related) like I am not even there.
Overall good place and will continue to stop in.Since moving from NE Philly to South Philly in March, this is my place.  They've never let me down.  Their pizza is great.  It's big, foldy, sloppy, and all the stuff that real pizza eaters look for.  Plus it tastes great.  They're not cheap with the toppings, either. 
We've been consistently ordering from City, on average, once a week or so.  We've tried just about everything on the menu, and haven't been disappointed once.  
The cheesesteaks are killer.  Their hoagies have plenty of meat on them, and the rolls they use are perfect.  Fries are good, and they don't have that weak, bright yellow cheese for them.  It's the nice and thick whiz that'll turn solid if you don't use it for a while.  
All in all, one of the best pizza places I've ever ordered from.  I'm also hoping they'll give me a free pizza for this really good review.  Just sayin'.I was pleasantly surprised the first time I had City Pizza. And ever since I have not been disappointed. I really enjoy their hoagies as they do not overpack it with meat and cheese and I can actually enjoy it without having to remove half of it myself. 
Regular pizza was just okay however the Old Style pizza is amazing. If u like lots of garlic and sauce with light cheese this is where it is at. 
Wait times for food are always reasonable something that south philly seriously struggles with in the pizza delivery game.Great neighborhood spot.  Slices are consistent and good.We've been ordering the City Steak Pizza on some weekends, lately. So worth it! I highly recommend it to everyone.Food was prepared incorrectly, and was poorly made. Ingredients did not taste fresh, and asked for onions to be added to my stromboli, and they put it on the side, (why would you put onions on the side of a stomboli rather than adding it inside?) To top it off, the exteme wait and Terrible service received by the counter girl was enough to keep me from returning.I am not sure if this is the best pizza in South Philly but it is the best this South Jersey boy has had here.
This is where my co-workers like to order from. We usually order 3 or 4 pies so I have had the chance to try a few different things, including the Chicken Bacon Ranch pizza, which I had last night. Also had a City Pizzaz, my favorite. 3 cheeses + hot peppers + fresh tomatoes. 
I like the location. I swing by here on my way home from work and follow Front St to the entrance of the Walt Whitman Bridge.
I like their prices. Easily a couple bucks cheaper per pizza than my South Jersey faves. 
When we order for pickup or delivery at work, the pizza is fresh and hot.
I picked a couple pies up on my way home last night and I waited for them to come out of the oven. They were still hot when I got home. Gotta love summer in Philly.
The place can get busy so expect a wait, and there isn't always a parking spot on the corner if you are picking up. Still worth it. 
Some reviewers have complained about the customer service. Everyone I have dealt with here seems nice enough to me. It's not a chain restaurant, it's a South Philly pizza shop, what do you expect?Good pizza and great prices. Sometimes the pizza is a little greasier than most, but you can't beat the price for decent pizza.The pizza is really good and very reasonably priced, however the girl who takes phone orders acts bothered that I'm calling to order food. At first I thought maybe it was just an off day, but EVERY time I call she's annoyed and rude. Then I thought maybe it was just me, but other yelpers on here seem to feel the same way. YikesI had heard tell from a few of the locals in the South Philly neighborhood I teach in that City Pizza was the best slice you can find in the city. I kind of shrugged it off as local opinion.Then I heard that a friend who lives way up in Fishtown will journey down to get a pie when he is able.  I knew I had to try it. 
I had promised my class that we would have a pizza party if they achieved a certain number of books read for the month of April. When I asked them where I should get the pizza from , they answered in a resounding "City!, Nobody gets pizza from nowhere else around here!" (they do talk like that some days) . 
So I placed our order the day before, then had to add one more pie later that evening. The pizzas arrived exactly on time the next day, were piping hot, and they even cut me a break in the price. 
We all dug in and it smelled and looked super delicious. The first bite was amazing, the sauce, cheese , and crust were all amazing. Just big enough to be folded (the correct way pizza is made) , not too greasy (Lorenzo's is a little drippy in my opinion some days) , and just a great slice all around. Ever since I've been mentioning it to my friends if they happen to be down in Mummer's territory.City Pizza is the best pizza around!! Try the veggie pizza and add some sausage it is Awesome!! Our job is just up the street and we order from there frequently. No complaints here!Probably the best pizza in the Pennsport neighborhood.  Employees are good. They always have the pizza on time. Reasonable prices and a wide selection.Tasty pizza. Good prices. Timely delivery. Soon I will be living within delivery distance and am looking forward to having this as my go-to when I'm craving cheese and carbs.
I don't get why people get so worked up over their customer service. It's pizza, not Tiffany's.Fantastic pizza.  But when you're open till 1am and can't take a pickup order after 12 at 12:04 on Saturday.. Really?When you order, their horrible attitude seems like they are doing you a favor for allowing you to order pizza. Normally delivery takes 45 minutes which is kinda ridiculous in itself. Expect the same horrible we could care less about your business attitude at your front door. Often delivery will take a full hour. Today it took 1.5 hours. You almost have to try to have such poor service. By the way we ordered at 5, not even the height of dinner time. 
When the pie finally arrived it was Luke warm soggy with oil pooled on the surface like pizzas tend to be when they sit a while. The manager told me there was no way it arrived cold because they have 500 degree ovens. I am sure he never took physics but even a meathead doughtosser should be able to tell that a pizza that sits a while over its 90 minute delivery is gonna turn cold. I am done as a customer. I will find a place that is nice to their customers and doesn't treat them like idiots while delivering pedestrian pizza in a reasonable timeframe.I was in the area looking for pizza and this is the closest. The place is mainly for take out and delivery no sitting area. The first thing I noticed when I came in is that they are very busy (well it's weekend). Overall the pizza was good and the price is reasonable.Their pizza is delicious. There is a good sauce to cheese ratio and the crust is neither too thick or thin. The pizza always arrives in my hands hot and the cheese bubbly. I also LOVE their pizza fries--- OMG get in my belly! My only complaint is that they used canned instead of fresh mushrooms, yuck.Pizza is a personal preference.  These guys make it just as I love it!  They are consistently the same taste and quality. I stopped hunting after finding them for excellent pizza. 
Now for really gourmet different pizza...that's a different teview and different pizza parlor.I recently got a pie from City Pizza and I was pleasantly surprised.  The price was great, it was ready in 20 minutes and it was pretty tasty.
I was visiting a friend with an ankle injury. My plan was to drive down to his place, bring him a Mikkeller Black Hole and split a pizza with him.  City Pizza was conveniently on the way so I gave it a shot.
I got a pie with green peppers and onions. There were no shortage of toppings, the sauce was tasty and once it cooled a bit, it held together just fine.  It accomplished exactly what I wanted for my experience.  I got an above average pie at an affordable price and in a convenient manner.
The crust had sheen to it, almost like the dough had something in it to make it more pastry like.  I'm not sure what they use but I felt it's worth pointing out.  I didn't ask if it was vegan.
Anyhoo, it was a solid pie and I'm glad I took the plunge.Very good fresh food. Good service in-house and with delivery. Great prices and I like that there's a few locations in my areaI have detailed my pizza struggles in other reviews, so I'll keep this one short and sweet.  I was really pleasantly surprised by how good City Pizza turned out to be.  I was in the area with a friend and we decided to order a pie to complement our Netflixing.  I'm certain he didn't understand my excitement.  
It's easy to inhale 3-4 slices without feeling like you're eating nothing but dough. The sauce to cheese ratio is almost perfect.  It's good plain or with toppings.  It's greasy but blottable.  It heats nicely the next day.  IT'S REAL PIZZA!
And there was much rejoicing.The crust is  perfect:  not thick and doughy or cracker thin. And the bottom has crunchy little bubbles.  The sauce is good, with generous toppings. Also, they are easily accessible and keep late hours, I'm always looking for a quick snack after a concert, and many places are closed..I give these guys 5 stars all day. They make the best Cheesesteak Stromboli that I ever had in my entire life. The prices are very reasonable. I drive from Pleasantville, N.J. to order my food from here. Then I go to King of Wings.This place makes the BEST pizza in all of philly. Their service is friendly and quick. If u order delivery its fast. The pizza itself is soooo good. Awesome sauce, real cheese and great dough. And the price! I ordered I pepperoni large pizza and it was under $11. Wow. 
If ur new to the neighborhood or have never tried their pizza I strongly recommend ordering from here.Hand Down the Best Cheese Steak Stromboli in town. I get mine with onions and a little gravy on the side. Pizza is very good as well. Call ahead. They have another joint up the road on Oregan Ave so don't get confused when you call ahead for pickup.Crust always tastes stale. No pizzazz pizza. They deliver which is a plus for me but looking for a new pizza place.One word (well not technically): smothered fries!Had such a good pepperoni and pineapple pizza. Delicious. Had to write a nice review. Very good. Great crust. Yum yum. Darn good pizza.Went to the Front and Snyder location.
The Cheese pie is very good and the dough is baked just right , expect no courtesy no friendly doodies, I did order take out its all about exchanging money and the pizza period, they could care less if you would comeback for another business transaction.I love this pizza. It's greasy and cheap and just what you want. The pizza is great but the people that answer the phone can be really rude.Ok, I'm a cheapskate, so when my girlfriend and I can have four full meals for less than $20 I'm hooked.  This wasn't the plan.  We just moved into the neighborhood and wanted pizza... NOW... so we called and ordered pick up. One sausage pizza and one small buffalo chicken stromboli.  Phone etiquette was fine, I mean it's south philly, so no nonsense.  Both Items were hot and ready as expected.
This is where things get five star:  The counter girl was super polite... reading other reviews I was worried.  The pizza and stromboli were HUGE and did not skimp on the cheese or the meat.  Every bite was full of delicious flavor and was very very filling.
Best cheap pizza I've had in Philly.  I am so happy to have finally found them.
Not gourmet, but everything the little cheap fat person inside you has always wanted.We order from here at least once every two weeks.  Pizza is the cheapest,  best tasting, and best toppings ever! Delivery is always efficient and quick. The boneless chicken wings are also bombdiggitydacious. Definitely #1 choice in south philly. OH, and if your looking for some eye candy with your pizza, the dudes are just as hot and fresh as the pies!
Boom.I love the Smothered Fries that I order every single time, I recommend getting them during the day they taste better for some reason. Maybe it's a different chef?I started going here for my pizza fix after Snyder Pizza closed.  The staff is for the most part friendly.  The managers genuinely seem to care about customer service while their counter help, mostly kids, could care less.  The pizza is good but, BIG BUT, not consistent.  One day its perfect, the next it's a greasy mess.  One day its extra well done, the next its not even cooked through.  They have a great italian hoagie served on a crusty roll, but for the same price you can get an italian with 3x as much meat at Gooey Looies down the street.   City Pizza has some great daily specials that rock.  Free topping Tues is awesome.  They are also open till about Midnight everyday which is great when I work late and don't feel like cooking.  Overall its a solid pizza joint, they just need some a consistent product and some better customer service.  With so many pizza options in South Philly, City Pizza definitely stands out.Horrible service. Went in and ordered their large pizza and wings special. Waited 45 minutes in the shop while they filled delivery orders first and then our pizza was cold. They didn't give me salad dressing with the salad I ordered. And on top of that their pizza is AWFUL. It's full of grease and the cheese was congealed. The crust has no taste. Terrible terrible terrible. Never eating here again!Best pizza and wings in South Philly. Yes, it had a good amount of grease on top, but nothing a paper towel can't fix for those who can't handle it.Born and raised in New York moved here a year ago and have been looking for a good slice. City Pizza has the best pizza in Philly.Very good food! Best Chicken Bacon Ranch Pizza I have ever had!! Service is good, no complaints. Delivery time is good too. No seating inside.This is my favorite place for delivery pizza. I get mushrooms, onions, and hot (red) peppers.
Once when I was terribly hungry I ordered from here and I was HORRIFIED when I opened the box. Instead of a fresh, hot, delicious pizza with melted cheese, chopped onions, and hot red peppers, what the delivery guy dumped on me was a cold pizza with congealed cheese, cold sliced rings of onion like you get on a hoagie, and those cheap, tangy yellow peppers like you get on a hoagie at Wawa. Even the mushrooms were wrong. 
Someone obviously took a plain cheese pizza that was sitting around all day, took it over to the hoagie counter and dumped the sandwich toppings (which are different from pizza toppings) on it, then didn't even bother to heat it up. I was so FURIOUS that I didn't know whether to shit or walk backwards. But I was hungry, and though it pained me on many levels to do so, I ate a slice.For my money, the second best pizza in the world. Not quite as excellent as Sam's on the boardwalk in Wildwood, but what is? 
Since I doubt they'd deliver pizza from the boardwalk in Jersey to my house in Philly, City Pizza is my #1 choice for deep dish action. I get re-heats rarely, but even they taste pretty damn good. Only reason I don't give them five stars is because every once in a while, you'll find yourself waiting for well over an hour for your pizza to be delivered, though I'm sure that speaks more towards the epic demand for their quality pizza than their alleged crappy service, especially on Friday nights. Normally, they're pretty good with the "within the hour" thing, but don't be surprised if they're a half hour late.For a standard pizza place in Philly, this is my favorite. Yes, Stella isn't far from here, but that's not your standard "let's order pizza for home" type of place. And, they don't make the common Philadelphia mistake of assuming that people outside of NYC actually like NYC-style pizza.
With only two exceptions of burnt pizza, I will say that I've always came away with what I was hoping for. I'll often get the Sicilian style, but the standard fare is equally great.
My only suggestion would be that you should only order buffalo wings if you're prepared for a grease-fest.I was heading down to Best Buy to pick up an answering machine when I caught a big staple right in my rear tire (frustratingly; I had spent the morning waiting for this brand new set of tires to arrive, and hadn't ridden a mile and a half before this first flat). Ok, I say, it's a good chance to sit down and check out the neighborhood.
The first thing I do is get off Columbus Blvd. and walk over to Front, which is really a different world. I sit down on the curb in front of a convenient store and fix the flat, and then mosey down a block to Snyder, where I find City Pizza.
I order two slices and a coke, and stand outside on the corner and eat. The crust is sweet and flavorful - very tasty - with a good crispy texture and a chewy crumb. There's little stratification between the crust and the cheese, which is fine but not spectacular. The slices are relatively dry, and drip almost no oil.
The corner is nice. It's the middle of the afternoon, warm but not hot. I ride on.If the Eagles are playing, order today for the 2018 season. Takes too long. #withinthehourPizza is very good. It's the best I've found in South Philly. I usually do pick up so I can't comment on their delivery service, but they are usually on point and quick for their pick up orders. 
Their food is also pretty cheap. I believe it's under 8 bucks for a large plain pie. Good enough for me!What can I say, I guess we should have ordered the pizza. When I called she had zero idea of what a double cheeseburger was. I'm sorry but who in the year 2014 hasn't heard of a double cheeseburger. She asked me my order put me on hold, and then asked me for my order again. I am guessing it was because two people were arguing in the background, but who and I to say. She gave me my total and hung up on me. Fine it is what it is. The food arrives and it was absolutely terrible. Thankfully I had already eaten because I would have definitely thrown my food away. The burger was hard and cold. Completely flavorless, oh yea only one patty. The fries were thrown in the bag and the buffalo sauce from the chicken was all over them. Sadly ONLY get the pizza, and I would suggest picking it up. Delivery is slow. Extremely slow.City Pizza is absolutely amazing, the prices are crazy good and the pizza is unreal, so delicious.
However, the girl that typically answers their phone is probably the most miserable person I have ever talked to. She is rude, short, and couldn't sound anymore disinterested in doing her job. It definitely sucks, I would only order from City Pizza if she didn't make me dread calling in my order. 
To make matters worse she is even more miserable in person when you pick your order up.pizza is great, ive been eating there for well over 10 years. customer service has improved 100% over the past 2 years. I was shock to see no one mentioned their SMOTHERED fries in their comments. if u like their pizza, you should try their smother french fries. they are amazing.I ordered delivery here a couple nights ago, and once another time before.
I feel like this should be 3 stars, but I am going to go with the benefit of the doubt.
The first time I ordered it was fairly unmemorable, which is not to say bad. I have an unfortunate ability to remember things that annoy me rather than the things I enjoy. So The fact that I don't remember anything says something.
A couple of nights ago when I ordered everything went by smoothly. The person on the phone was precise and courteous, I used my card with no problems or snide comments. The pizza arrived promptly and the delivery guy was pleasant. No problems, until I opened the pizza. It was overcooked....as in way to overcooked...like if I worked in a pizza place and pulled this out of the oven I would have said to myself "oh shit I have to remake this." 
So I am going to say, they aren't bad.....but I'm watching you City Pizza....I am watching.The phone girls are the most ignorant people I ever came across and pizza was so greasy so if they don't change what need to be changed I am not ordering from thereim giving this a three b/c even though I really like the food,i hate feeling like I walked into a morgue when I go to pick up my order,that short black haired girl behind the counter,her eyes and constant frown goes right thru me,would order more w/ a smile and thank you come again these girls look like your bothering them.and turn away when you are speaking to them.but it is philly and it is what it is.I've been exposed to City Pizza for the better part of the past ten years. I don't know how they have such high stars. They leave the customer out of customer service, the employees do not know what gloves are, and the pizza really isn't that good. 
Their stromboli, on  the other hand, is the redeaming factor. They are huge, cheap, and delicious.Favorite pizza in south philly, not my favorite people to talk to on the phone...seriously sounds like you're bothering them, hope the owner sees this...easy fixWORST PIZZA AND WINGS!!
ABYSMAL SERVICE!
We walk by this pizza at least once a week and the smell is phenomenal, so we simply had to give it a try. We were severely disappointed, upon calling they told us the pizza and wings would be done "Within an hour" which would be ok if they told us an actual time, 45-50 minutes? 55-60 minutes? 30-40 minutes? All are within an hour and sadly not the time it took them to deliver once we placed our order, it actually took them an hour and a half for the order to get delivered, which we would normally just chalk up to us changing the order from pickup to delivery, but with no indication from the employee on the phone I would say is now due to horrible customer service.
On the topic of customer service they are SEVERELY lacking. My fiance was on the phone placing his order and was put on hold at LEAST 3 times, and nobody within the establishment was able to communicate to each other about why we were calling. It took a good 5-10 minutes to communicate that we wanted it to be delivered.
Once it was delivered, it still smelled amazing, we got Honey bbq wings, hot wings and a sausage and pepperoni pizza. The pizza was VERY soggy, crust was so soggy from sauce toppings and excess oil that it was really hard to eat. This could be solved by cooking a bit longer to get a crisper crust, so I guess you have to specify that when you order.
Wings were the single WORST EVER wings I have had in the Philly/South New Jersey region. Over cooked, and underseasoned. The sauce was basically thrown into the container and the wings thrown on top of that..That being said we did get bonus fries, in our wings. It was disgusting to say the least that they would not at least have a little quality control.
We threw out the menus and will not be going here again. We will drive to Wolf Street Pizza over City Pizza any day!sub par. ordered 4 cheesesteaks with the fellas. got onions on three and 1 without. cam with ketchup. quick ride on skateboard from fellas apartment. cheeseteak was goodVery good pizza,buff chic pizza is slamming.friendly counter person.try the everything friesSome of the girls here need a lesson in customer service. You take my order but leave me waiting because you decided not inform anyone there was an order placed! But you had no problem continuing the conversation you were having with your friend. I'll go back to Little Ceasers or Little Sicily for my take out from now on.Like others have mentioned in their reviews, only order the pizza...
Also something that others have mentioned is the extremely poor customer "service" - or should i say lack thereof...the girl who answers the phone is obviously miserable with her life and i guess wants to take it out on anyone that wants some pizza, what did pizza lovers ever do to you, other then basically pay for your salary? keep that in mind - you wouldnt even have a job if it werent for your better coworkers who make good pizza which is the only reason paying customers return, so learn to treat us all a little bit more pleasantly...
if you are looking for a philadelphia experience similar to a cowboys fan getting beat up by nasty drunk eagles fans give this place a call, you will be treated like total human waste by the chick answering the phone..
if you can power through the nasty attitude at level one of this game of ordering a pizza, make sure you have enough patience for level two, which is being put on hold multiple times while ordering and also having to repeat yourself..then comes level three, make sure for this level you have time to spare, youll receive a vague time frame for delivery, "within the hour," which often translates into an hour to an hour and a half or two hours..
i applaud you if you are capable of making it through all three levels of this game city pizza likes to play..you will be rewarded with your pizza, finallyThe food is excellent. Actually, I love it. It is my favorite delivery pizza. 
However, this review is in regard to the nasty people who pick up the phone. Why is it such a problem that I need to use my credit card? Are sarcastic, rude remarks really necessary? Get wise, City Pizza. You have one more chance, and if that happens again, I wont order again.Just moved from Fishtown. Even with all the junkies there no one ever said spell your f#*%!*€g name I can't understand you. This place sucks even before I tasted the food. Fishtown Pizza rocks! First and last order.Had a pizza challenge between city pizza and uncle oogies, there were five of us. We ordered a cheese pizza and a supreme from both places.
Phone ettiquete: City pizza was very cordial, took the time to explain why it takes 30 minutes for the pizza to be ready - so that all the flavors in the supreme can have time to meld together. Could barely understand the guy at Oogies. Not sure if their version of supreme was broccoli and ricotta on white pizza, or there was just utter confusion.
Cheese pizza: Both were great but City had a better flavor profile, as in it was what we all imagined a good cheese pizza should taste like. Oogies had more maillard effect (browned edges), maybe they have a hotter oven, so they get points for visual appeal. City won unanimously.
Supreme: City had sausage, pepperoni, bacon, and all the veggies. It was such a great tasting pizza that even our resident Oogies fan admitted it was the better pizza. The Oogies supreme/broccolli was delightful. This was very artisan and gourmet like, the flavor combination was amazing. Again, the maillard effect- it was perfect on the ricotta. 4 out of 5 loved the garlicky finish, one guy hated it. City pizza won this too, even though they were two different pies.
Price: Oogies was 26, city was 21. City had a slightly bigger pizza.City Pizza is my favorite corner pizza place in the neighborhood. Their prices are reasonable and their food is always delicious. They don't steer away from their original menu and never offer anything different so it is always steady. We order from there once a week and on a busy night the wait can be an hour but they will warn you on the phone. They rarely go over that time frame, even on a busy Friday night. If you order delivery the drivers are always extremely friendly and pleasant! There is parking right across the street under 95 so that is not an issue if you are going to pick up food. They sell pizza by the slices and have a lot of 20oz soda options that you don't typically see which is pretty awesome. I love that they sell cream soda and vanilla coke! 
The only downfall is the staff who answers the phone because they are always young and seem to have an attitude. I know some people that specifically don't order from there because of the service when trying to order food.Terrible service from counter people... Worse food...Have tried them several times.. pizza is ok, but if you order anything else, be prepared to have them get it wrong, and then give you a snarky attitude when you call to get it fixed. It all stems from the help, because there is another location that is usually pretty good.I love their pizza. and the delivery guy is the best.  
But on January 25, after hours of waiting and a dozen phone calls and a million promises that our pizza was on the way.  We  never received our pizza.
When I asked the person on the phone, "if it's not coming, please tell me so I can order something else.".  She promised me is was on the way.  Never came.
Unfortunately, I will not order from them again. 
:(
Oh and the people who answer the phone are always rude and unprofessional.
They act like they are doing me a favor by answering the phone.  Do they know how many pizzerias there are in this city?Our regular go to take out place closed early. We had noticed City Pizza before and decided to give them a try. The person who answered the phone was patient and helpful even though we had been on hold. We arrived to their corner location with a  service window. We paid for our order while they were finishing our hot items. We mentioned that we couldn't find a menu on line and the staff member gave
 us three.
We were all very happy with our choices: hot chicken parm sandwich,  tuna hoagie and a pepperoni and cheese stromboli.  
Guess what our new go to spot will be. Try it!!Yesterday pizza slices for lunch. Thanks guys. Could have cooked a fresh pie for slices. Overall lost $.50 for you. DisappointedPizza is good for the money, the staff on the other hand .... they could care less if you are standing there waiting to pickup or if they told you 20 minutes and you've been waitin for 45. Just kids who look high as could be, just waiting to get done workCity Pizza is my local joint that I can always count on whether it's a hoagie tray, hot fresh football pizza, Stromboli, or cheesesteak with fries. Their rolls are always fresh making any sandwich you get almost delicious to start.  Every time I have ordered from City Pizza, I have been more than satisfied and you usually have some leftovers. City Pizza usually gets ordered at least once a month. During COVID they have also been great with keeping their hours consistent. I have never ordered delivery because I think it would be super lazy if I did when I can just walk and pick-up. Additionally, if you are looking to drive and pick up it, there is plenty of available parking under I-95. Featured in this review is the Chicken Cutlet with spinach, mushroom, and provolone. Super delicious and highly suggest!Always super friendly, delicious and cheap food, quick delivery. The best neighborhood pizza!Honestly I love city pizza because it's just good pizza. When you don't need fancy toppings and want a good, plain cheese or pepperoni pie, it's perfect.$7.25 and a very good traditional pizza shop cheesesteak.  The fried onions were more stringy than chopped.  They added a good amount of flavor.  Good amount of cheese and very good melt.We called about 30 mins ago at this location and they took our order and said that it was going to be about an hour. That's fine, and then 30 mins later they called us back to tell us to call the other location to order and they got busy and couldn't do our order. Uh that's their job to communicate between locations. Not ours. Get your stuff together. And rude on the phone to boot. Pizza is slamming tho but bad customer service.40 minute wait... wow, on a Sunday. Every time I've been here lately it's been a longazz wait, there's a pizza shop on every corner practically... not like they're the only place around.The pizza is good, not great. The service reflects that this place is run by kids who clearly don't get that people could order from anywhere else. Sadly it's convenient and inexpensive so that's why it's popular.This place is a joke! They delivered three pizzas to my husband's job just now and one of the pizzas was supposed to be a white pizza. It was incorrectly made and delivered with sauce on it. When they called back to get it corrected, City Pizza had the audacity to ask for the pizza back before they would bring the right one! What an absolute joke! How unprofessional can you get? You are in the food business and when you get someone's order incorrect, the professional thing to do is correct it no questions asked. Furthermore, when my husband's coworker told them that they are now losing a regular customer, they literally said they didn't care. Don't patronize this business! Since they don't care about losing business, I hope they lose it all!stopped by here to grab something to go one day. the girls at the counter were nice and helpful. everything was reasonably priced. no complaintsIt is very sad, for a place that used to be the go to place, the steak sandwiches have gone down hill as have the hoagies, no meat on them at all. They are very skimpy on the meat, very fatty and dry on the steaks. The pizza as well has gone down hill and it depends on what day you order, whether you are going to get a good pizza or not. The fries are always cold and dried out as if they are reheated fries, they are like eating cardboard. Their specialty fries have gone down hill too, as we ordered the smother fries and they were horrible. Dry and no ranch, just bacon and cheese and all stuck to the pan and burnt. Very skimpy on there too. We usually order from here a few days a week and have stopped ordering from them. The only good thing from there is their burgers. That is it! We stopped complaining because it gets you no where, so we just stopped ordering from them. Do yourself a favor and don't expect good food anymore! I suggest they take a long look at what goes out of there. Getting slices on the go are always good, but not an entire pie, unless you catch a good day!Years ago, I vowed never to step foot in this place again after a horrible situation. My family begged me for pizza for dinner tonight, and I gave in. I called in our order, and was told it would be 20 minutes. We showed up 25 minutes later, only to find that the two workers at the front never turned in the slip. Instead of apologizing, they argued with each other over who messed up. They worked quickly to fulfill my order, and the person that handed me the pizza apologized and told me to grab a soda to go. I was completely understanding of the situation. I got home to find my pizza wasn't completely cooked and all of the cheese slid off. The grease bled through the box and was all over my car. Needless to say, we will continue making the trek to 16th and Oregon the next time we want City Pizza.They really need to get their phone situation right and stop having 6 year old kids doing everything. I get helping the kids out but let me get an adult of the phone so I don't have to repeat myself 40 times. RidiculousVery disappointed, got a hoagie tray for a graduation party yesterday 6/18/16. The hoagies literally had NO meat on them, one slice of meat and cheese on each piece and 58 dollars for the tray, it was the worst hoagie tray ever for a very expensive price. Be warned do NOT get your hoagie tray from there. It was embarrassing for the guest and a total waste of money, I am, furious. Besides that, the girl who answers the phone is terribly miserable. I suggest you speak to this girl, as we order from there frequently or shall I say used to before this horrible hoagie tray with no food on the roll, it was a roll tray! That girl needs some lessons in customer service and being pleasant.Solid whole pie with a respectable cheese-to-sauce-to-crust ratio.  Smells great, feeds 2-3, good price.
This is a weekday, turn-off-the-oven, dinner pizza pie.  Not really a special occasion pie.