I ate there a couple of years ago.  I still remember that it was one of the best meals I have ever had.  I had the basil shrimp, lobster pot pie, and the Martha Washington Chocolate Mousse cake.  Great salad and homemade bread too!Delicious historical breads and beers were the highlight of our visit! Our server was also super friendly and lots of fun. Would definitely recommend.Sat on the outside porch drinking a 19th century cocktail while someone played a harp in the courtyard. How can you not like that! Try the city cooler. Whist, brandy, rum and apple cider. Waitress called it a Party in a glass! Very tasty. Had the seafood linguine and corn chowder. Everything excellent, server included.Loved City Tavern! We lunched here during our day of historical sightseeing in Philadelphia. We loved the history of it, including the traditional dishes. The authentic breads were delicious, as was the local beer. It was family friendly (including kids menu)  and casual yet a nice respite from walking around the city in the heat of summer. A perfect historical landmark to check off your list while eating lunch, a good way to break up your day exploring America's oldest city. Enjoy!Originally built in 1773, this was the convening site for the Constitutional Convention, as well as the setting for one of George Washington's inaugural celebrations. The cuisine here is authentic early American, with many of the dishes adapted from 18th Century recipes. Veal sausage with  sauerkraut and mashed potatoes, honey-glazed duck with asparagus, and medallions of venison with leeks are among the traditional entrees served by a staff in period dress. A children's menu suggests this is an ideal place for family dining, but you may feel differently after seeing the prices.meh. overly priced, boring food. 
service wasnt great, and the server was unenthuastic, which was a bummer, because other ppl write they learned a lot of history and i didnt....
dont go to touristy places to impress your guests. 
if u wouldnt eat here normally, dont take anyone from out of town.I ordered the special Benjamin Franklin chicken and it was delicious.  Portions are very generous and a entree could be easily shared.Took some friends here last weekend who were visiting from out of town. Such a great way to continue our tour of Philadelphia and get our drink on. Didn't eat, but did enjoy a few beers. Word of advice - Get the flight. It's $7.25 for a single pint or $12 for the flight which are nice sized (larger that most flights). So the 4 of us each ordered a flight and split the cheese plate (which was fine - normal). Loved the experience (servers in colonial costumes and the general decor) and they give a great description/story regarding each beer. There's also a cheat sheet with more information which was nice. My favorite was Alexander Hamilton, but honestly each of the four were tasty. Highly recommend for wrapping up an afternoon in historical Philadelphia.What a fabulous time my husband and I had at this restaurant on our holiday trip to Philadelphia. Did not know what to expect and was afraid it would be a cheesy tourist trap, but the experience could not have been further from that. First off, the food is good. It is really good. The craft beers were superb and the staff was fabulous. Seth, our server, was personable and efficient and really added warmth to the experience. When in philly again, we are looking forward to returning.I read about this place and it was certainly cute and charming as the restaurant reflected the colonial days.  To make it more charming and realistic, the servers dressed in period costume from back in the days.
I had the colonial turkey pot pie which was not a huge portion but was adequate.  It was very tasty with good ingredients and a nice gravy and crust.  It came with egg noodles with a sauce that I wasn't crazy about.
My water glass had some white things floating in it which resembled wax.  Hopefully, it wasn't something worse...
If you want to pretend you are dining way back when our forefathers did, City Tavern will give you that unique experience.I give Chef Staib much credit for keeping the tradition of early American fare alive.  Without culinary historians ilke him, the rich history of early fare would be under appreciated...and possibly forgotten.
With this in mind, I was very excited to try City Tavern last week.  Unfortunately, after dining there, I have mixed feelings.  The restaurant was nearly empty on a rainy Saturday night, but I think that was a result of the inclement weather, not the restaurant or its menu.
The decor of the restaurant was historic and pleasant.  It reminded me in some ways of the restaurants in Colonial Williamsburg (VA).  It is dimly lit and the decor is very early-American.  The food was definitely enjoyable, as its taste and visual presentation were very good.  The server was very attentive (though I'm not sure if this level of service would have been the same had the restaurant been busy instead of nearly empty).  My girlfriend and I started with the crab cakes, which were tasty.  For the main course, I had the Escallopes of Veal and she had the night's special: linguine with seafood (which I was surprised to see served there, but soon learned that this kind of food was served back in the day).  We finished with an apple crisp-type of dessert, which was delicious.
My problem with the restaurant are the very high prices.  I am used to paying $25+ per entrees in restaurants in major U.S. cities.  But the higher prices at City Tavern didn't quite seem appropriate.  I don't think I'd go back again.
If you want to enjoy a meal in a setting like the founding fathers of the U.S. did, then try City Tavern.  But expect to pay higher prices for it.This is a very nice restaurant with nice atmosphere and wonderful food but our server was awful! I held a party there yesterday and our serving was just embarrassing. Due to this I will not be going back again!The City Tavern is an eating establishment that cannot be truly appreciated without understanding its most crucial distinction...not only is it a place where history comes alive in the service, decor and cuisine...but a place that...if you allow it...will transport you to another time. A time when the fate of a people was hanging in the balance and a nascent republic was taking its first clumsy steps on the world stage.
While I certainly don't know the man personally Chef Walter Staib has done an outstanding job of recreating the feel, taste and small of a bygone era. I dare say that I have not sampled such unique table fare in all of my travels. Make no mistake...I'm willing to try anything and have certainly done so...but the food here and its adherence to culinary history make it truly special.
While you can go for lunch or dinner service I highly recommend the time in between on a weekday. Things are generally more quiet and it will give you the chance to take in all that this wonderful establishment has to offer. 
On my most recent visit I had the good fortune on arriving at a nearby parking garage on a rainy afternoon. As I crossed through Welcome Park and passed the Thomas Bond House I looked ahead at a most welcome sight...The City Tavern. As the water struck my rain jacket...running down over the brim of my hood...the weight of my back pack settling onto my shoulders...I could almost imagine what it must have been like for the weary traveler of a time long past...weary from a long journey...a time less certain than the one in which we live...a time when someplace like a tavern wasn't merely a respite from the elements...but more importantly...your salvation from them.
I was quickly greeted as I entered the hall and was seated, thankfully, by a window. Doffing my pack, jacket and hat I sat down and watched the rain...happy to be indoors with a chance to consider just what I wanted to do with my day in the city. My server was a man named Ray and he was dressed in period clothing. Iced cold water was served in a pewter chalice and I was informed of the specials. I chose to start off with an appetizer of Mallard Duck Sausage that was served with sweet and sour cabbage and my main entree consisted of Seafood Pasta in a white wine sauce. Both dishes were amazingly flavorful and the chilled apple cider was the perfect compliment to both.
Later, while finishing my raspberry tart for dessert, Ray was nice enough to engage me in a conversation while he went about his duties. Turns out that Ray has had quite an  interesting and varied career in the restaurant business...cooking since he was the age of five...Ray has held many jobs in the industry including serving aboard an actual working steamship on the Mississippi River. He was also an amazing resource, not only on Philadelphia...but much of the region as well. Nothing better than someone taking pride in their work and helping to enhance an already superior dining experience.
Needless to say...I'm not much of a planner...I prefer spontaneity and the randomness of surprise that it often brings. My stop at The City Tavern is a fantastic example of how the best trips we take...are the ones where we plan the least...the ones where we let out senses and imagination take us in whatever direction they dictate. And best of all...the day was just getting started.A must visit when you're visiting Philadelphia.  There is no other place in the world where you can experience authentic 18th century American culinary history. Metal plates and goblets.  Authentic recipes from the time of our founding fathers.  Staff dresses in period clothing.  Food, drinks and service are all very good.  Nothing earth shattering but lots of goodness!  Prices are not bad either.  Reservations are a must for both lunch or dinner as they are always very busy since such a popular tourist destination.My boyfriend and I decided to have dinner here after going on the Grim Philly Tour which ended across the street. During the tour, we heard a ghost story about the City Tavern and were intrigued. That's probably part of the tourist-trappiness of this place.
All that aside, the food was OK. I had the fried tofu, even though it was only the second time I'd had tofu. It was good; the portion was huge (it had veggies and linguine too.) The tomatoes were tasty, but the rest was pretty bland. I only ordered it because it sounded so strange and unique and was apparently a recipe that Ben Franklin received in the letter (I still need some convincing on that point...) Boyfriend had the NY Strip Steak/shrimp. He seemed underwhelmed by it and said it was all pretty bland tasting. We skipped dessert, figuring it wasn't worth it.
I think what really left a bad taste in our mouths (HA!) was the service and ambiance. Don't get me wrong; the restaurant is beautiful and looks like an old house. We had the unfortunate experience of being seated in the same room as a group of people who were very loud and talking about suicide...nice dinner conversation, huh? Naturally, this is not the fault of City Tavern, but it did kill the mood a little bit (no pun intended.)
The servers are dressed in colonial garb, which is cute if a little mortifying for them. Our server was a little brusque and kind of seemed like he was hating his life (possibly due to costuming requirements? who knows...) The guy who brought around water was nice but spilled it a little bit on my foot (but I can forgive that; these things happen.) The pumpkin pecan biscuits were actually very good, as was the brownish bread (the white bread was pretty dry and tasteless.) I guess our waiter just had a very dry (like the bread) sense of humor--when I said I was ordering the tofu, he was like, "Oh, is that the only thing on the menu you can eat?" and I replied, "No, I'm not a vegetarian, but it looked interesting." It was off-putting.  He seemed put off that we didn't order wine (which was priced up to $4,999/bottle...uh, no thanks) and dessert. The host standing in the front hall was adorable and friendly, so no complaints there.
Am I glad we went and checked it out? Sure. Did I see any ghosts? Nah. Would we go back? Probably not. The turkey pot pie is tempting, but I can find that elsewhere.
I will say that I've heard great things from people who had their wedding reception there, and it seems like a cool venue. Apparently the ghost pops into the pictures of the bride and groom. My aunt got married there so I'm going to get her to check out her wedding pics and see if there are any uninvited guests in the background.One of the best "touristy" restaurants I have ever been! The Chicken Pot Pie is to die for! The medallions of Venison was amazing and the Corn chowder was outstanding. We had a server named Germany and gave us a run down on the history of the building and the great time she has working there! Can't wait to go back for great food and great service!Yeah, it's kind of cheesy, the staff is in period clothing, but the history of this place is pretty cool.  The bread they serve is based on colonial era recipes (you can even try Jefferson's favorite bread...it wasn't my thing).  My husband and I both had the medallions of beef tenderloin which came with delicious sauces (the demi-glace and bearnaise).  Other than the bread, our meals were SO good!The food was delicious and unique.  The staff was very friendly.  We had 4 children with us and they were very accommodating and friendly to all of the children.This place was great!  We went there after the guy working the gift shop at the Betsy Ross house told us about the Colonial Sampler (beer).  My husband had to try it.  The food was great, there were a lot of options, and the waiter was attentive.  I might have given it an extra star if the wait staff had been more enthusiastic.  I can't complain about the service and I probably wouldn't be thrilled about what they have to wear if I worked there either, but our waiter really seemed like he did not want to be there.  FYI, I would not recommend this as a place to bring children.  We were traveling without our kids this weekend, but if we came back with them, this is not a restaurant we would take them too.  There are no "kid friendly" menu options and the atmosphere is very sedate.  Also, if you like the colonial sampler, head over to Yards Brewing Company afterwards - it's made locally.Just like old times of the founding fathers, this restaurant caters to your historical needs.  We felt like we were back in time and very much enjoyed every part of our meal.  We wish we could dine here more often.  
Here is our video of the place.
http://youtu.be/jSt7XiVNjkE?t=4sLunch - stale bread or are we eating Thomas Jefferson's 'original recipe'  asked for a recommendation - the waiter suggested the 2 most expensive things on the menu -suspicious. hmmm- did i order one of them - yes - was it good  - laughable 2 dried out pieces of duck covered in - hey guess what, DUCK SAUCE!!!  it was a good laugh!  so sorry if you've been scammed tooI always enjoy playing tourist in my hometown. We had some extra time and were in the right area and thought it would be fun to have lunch at City Tavern since we had never been. What a treat! Beside the amazing history, the food was incredible. 
The staff are all dressed in period garb, which is cute, I suppose. More importantly, they were all very nice and very knowledgeable about the menu. The tables also had replicas of period pieces, which was a nice touch. I am usually skeptical about food at places that are known for something else (view, history, etc.). But the food here was exceptional! 
We started with 3 different types of bread made from revolutionary recipes. They were delicious! As an appetizer, we ordered the mallard duck sausage, which came with sweet and sour cabbage and was absolutely delicious! Sticking with the sausage theme, I ordered the special of the day, sausage wellington, although everything on the menu sounded amazing. My wellington was one of the best dishes I'd had in a long time. And the portions were huge! I could only eat about half of the dish. My fiance had the venison, which was very good, but not as good as my wellington, IMO. We saw our neighbor table's desert presentation, and I couldn't leave without ordering the bread pudding. It was, in a word, incredible. 
For residents and tourists alike, I recommend City Tavern!This place has a neat story if true. The wait staff is all in period costumes. No AC at time we went so a bit hot inside. Food was good (pot pie, chicken with mushroom sauce). More like $$$ than $$.I have been sitting on this review for nearly 3 weeks and I am literally wanting to pull my hair out for giving this wonderful historical site a 2 star rating, but honestly I have no choice. I thought about it and contemplated... can I honestly say it was a 2 star experience, and unfortunately it was.
Starting off it wasn't so bad. We were greeted and sat by this wonderful hostess dressed in Colonial period garb along with her co-workers to make the experience more authentic. The initial thought of coming here was very exciting for me since I love history and this is what history nerds do -- they go to the tavern where their forefathers dined.
Well... yeah, that quickly went down hill. Our server was lacking and pretty AWOL. He was fine initially but when he got a table of 8 and was already dealing with a large party prior to our arrival (we didn't order alcohol despite his urging...) he took his schmoozing elsewhere and we became second rate citizens. 
Yes, I fully and wholeheartedly understood he had large parties to tend to, but when you're standing there with the water pitcher 2 inches away from me and I had already asked you 4 times to please refill my glass -- you cleared the other tables who needed refills still with a pitcher half full and you walk back inside leaving me high and dry. This did annoy me and I did have to walk into the restaurant and say, 'hey, I know you're busy, but....' I needed some damn water!
He was pretty absent for a great deal of the meal and tracking him down became a regular habit through out the time spent there.
Our food was also not that wonderful. Everything sounded nice on the menu, but ultimately our rabbit was less than appeasing. My friends and I both ordered the same dish. I like gamey dishes when available and the followed suit. 
The only upsides to our meal was the cider I had, table bread, and the soup they ordered. They had the potato soup. The bread was super good and for it to be from an original recipe from way back when made it interesting.
The money spent was not my money's worth. I was really disappointed. I would like to give this place a second chance because I really want to like it, but I don't know if it is worth a second chance after a lackluster first experience with a lasting impression.Food was delicious. Large portions. Great service. Apparently, George Washington's inaugural ball was held in the upstairs dining area. This turned into an inebriated discussion about balls in the hall with our friendly and witty server. Marta Washington's chocolate cake is delicious and not too sweet. Everyone enjoyed their meals; not one complaint.I see what they are going for but I'm not sure they've quite got it.  Between the quaint uniforms and the alleged presidential beer recipes it all felt a little too gimicky.
I liked that the server was a fount of revolutionary trivia but he also was not even close to accurate with some of the claims he made.  Like he attributed an Abe Lincoln Quote to Ben Franklin.  Yes I know.  I'm a big nerd.  Sorry but it rubbed me the wrong way and then I had to do a terrible thing; whip out my 21st century smart phone in this 18th century style restaurant to verify that I was right and the server was wrong.  I didn't embarrass him with the correction but I just had to know.  (I was right).
I was also a  little disappointed at the menu.  I felt that it was too modern and yet too out of date at the same time.  What I mean is that although the menu items might have been served in revolutionary times, too many of the options were simply not combinations that actually were.  Then, I felt like the food on my plate would have felt more appropriate in the 1990s.  So too modern to be revolutionary but not modern enough to belong in a restaurant today. The taste was fine and as we all sampled from each other's orders I can make that statement across the board.
Overall, I had a good time but I doubt I'd return unless it was with some tourist frineds or something along those lines, which is actually what brought me in this time too.We had a very delicious meal -6 of us on a Friday evening.  The service was great and  the food was served perfectly.  We will definitely return.  If I was the owner, I would have some period costumed people around other than the waitress-just for a little more atmosphere.  
Otherwise everything was great!Such a great venue and the atmosphere was wonderful.  Felt it was alittle pricey   My husband had the pot pie and 21.95 is a bit much. He was disappointed there was no carrots in the pie.  The speciality beers the guys loved.  I had the corn chowder and the only things that bothered me was it was cold and not hot.  However, we would go back because of the uniqueness of the placeAfter spending an hour drinking Thomas Jeffersons beer and a porter by George Washington, I began to wonder how the Declaration of Independance ever got written.  Tasty beer and a good place to reflect on the founding of the country.
The menu is on the pricy side, if you are just touring around and over 50 this is a place for you.Not a great dining experience. My wife and I are visiting Philly and decided to try City Tavern. The good... Bread was very good, Onion and tomato salad was just ok, wife's turkey pot pie was also good. The bad... my steak and shrimp had good flavor, but that is all I can say. You can make a boot taste good, but you don't want to eat one. Try something else if you go. Service was not good.. very very  slow. Took us two hours to get through the meal with most of that time spent waiting... Not a good dining expierince!I love this place! Please try the Wassail and Raspberry Shrub during the holiday season, and the Turkey Pot Pie. The bread is delicious! The low-lights seem very fitting of the 18th century.We went to the City Tavern based on review and location.  It sounded like a cool place to go in the Olde City.  It could have been more.
The restaurant has 3 floors for dining.  We were seated on the lower level and felt it was kind of isolated.  I think the main dining room on the entry level had more ambiance.
They brought a variety of breads and butter right away and they were all tasty.  
We started with the Mushroom Toast which I'd say was the highlight of our meal and I would highly recommend.
We shared the romaine and roquefort salad.  It was good with plenty of roquefort.
My husband had the herb and veal sausage.  He enjoyed the sausage, but wasn't too interested in the potatoes.  I had the Tavern Lobster Pie.  It was filled with lots of crab, shrimp and lobster, so no complaints there, but the sauce was rather runny.
The waitstaff dresses in period clothing.  It would be better if they were more in character with the time instead of just dressing the part.  Just felt it could have been more of an experience than it was.Colonial theme restaurant. A replica bldg on the site of the original where Founding Fathers, their families and friends dined. Wait staff in period dress. Tables, chairs and place settings of the period. Menu based on recipes of the time. Beers available brewed from actual recipes of the founding fathers. Food is prepared in the original style (to today's standards). Our experience was possibly that the A-Team had the evening off. Service was slow - not as attentive as we are accustomed to receiving. The waitress didn't have answers to basic questions; such as: What type of crab is used in the crab cakes? she had to be reminded to bring ordered wine and asked for a water refill, and didn't return to ask for a beer order. Our host described a much higher quality of food preparation, but had to admit that perhaps there was a new cook (not a chef) in the kitchen. Still, everyone was friendly, the food still good, if expensive, and a good time was had by all. Perhaps our expectation exceeded the delivery? I'll recommend it only for the themed experience. There is better food at more reasonable prices with better service at many restaurants in the area.Well I didn't really care for the potatoe leek soup because it was a bit bland, but it was fun to have a chance to sit here and go back more than 200 years and wonder what it might have been like for many of the writers of the Declaration of Independence and the discussions that went on whilst they nursed tankards of brew.
Roast beef was very good. The waiter was pissy when we were there, but he soon warmed up once someone complimented him on his faux Lord Fauntleroy looking costume.Ehh I don't get the hype.  The food was expensive and there was no atmosphere.  We got placed in the basement and it felt like we were in a forgotten world.  Besides people in costume there was nothing else interesting. There was a person playing a harp in the basement hallway but once you were in one of the dining rooms you couldn't hear it anymore.  
Food:
Duck Sausage -  really bad.  I love everything duck and everything sausage.  This was bad duck and sausage.  Odd texture and no taste.
Seafood pasta - tons of seafood and actually tasted good but it was really expensive.
Turkey pot pie - the crust was great and the turkey chunks were good.  Could have used more vegetables.  The side order of pasta with gravy was gross.I drank George Washington's beer recipe, and I liked it. How many people can actually say they drank the first president's beer in the very same  tavern that he hung out in? Very historical place, it's worth stopping in for a drink and a snack. I felt bad for the staff, because they had to dress in 1700's era formal attire, but they kept a good attitude!Anytime we come back to town we visit here at least once. It like eating great food in a historical re enactment. Actually, that's precisely what it is. I cannot recommend this enough! Oh the turkey pot pie is out of this world. Even when its busy, conversation is easy so great place to take a family get together.Good chicken pot pie. Good drinks. Interesting place. Good for families and older crowds. Niche market. Very pricey for what you get.Love the food and the atmosphere, and would have gladly given it five stars but the service did lag a bit. I would probably recommend that you have reservations, although we were seated quickly without them (2 people). I had the rabbit which was delicious, but the soup could have been hotter.One of the best meals I've had in a long time. The service was impeccable, Dejuan was an outstanding waiter. I had the West Indies Pepperpot to start; I was told it was George Washington's favorite soup, it is now mine. The pork chop with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut was simply amazing. We had the apple cobbler with cinnamon ice cream and chocolate mousse for dessert. Both were heavenly treats. I cannot wait to come back.I thought the food was really good and the atmosphere was authentic to the period they are trying to mimic. I had the turkey pot-pie and my boyfriend had the tenderloin tips. Both were excellent. We would try again  when in Philadelphia.Ate there last evening 8/27/18. We were not told about any specials but overheard the waiter telling that information to the table next to us. Also we were never given bread despite others receiving a basket of various selections. Another annoying factor was I had to ask the waiter twice for a refill on my wine. He never asked if everything was ok. The food was so so (I can make a better pot pie). For the prices they charge their staff should be better trained.I love this place!  I had to take a French family out to dinner when they were in the Phila area. My veal shank special was absolutely excellent.  The chef clearly pays close attention to what he/she is doing. The salad and breads were very special.  A server named Sierra was truly wonderful to us, she did a great job.  My French friends were impressed with the quality of the meal.  I loved the old, colonial era décor of the place.  We'll be back!!  Thank you for a nice meal!!!What a neat place. Luv chef Staib.  Had the crab cakes, outstanding. Tried the barley soup, very good. Had one of the salad with Rockford? Cheese.  Dressing was mild.  Had the fried chicken cutlet and seafood linguini, both very good. For dessert the Martha Washington dessert.  Light and flavorful.  
Too bad we didn't see chef Staib or that would of topped the night.This place is amazing in so many ways. The ambiance encapsulates Old City. Walking into this old-styled restaurant is like walking into a time machine.  Once you walk in, you immediately see the 7 Emmys won by the chef's cooking show, which creates excitement  for the food. We had reservations and were seated within minutes of arriving. The menu is full of heavy, soul-soothing, hangover-curing comfort food. The beef medallions are melt-in-your mouth delicious. The mash potatoes are some of the best I've ever had. The fried oysters are giant and delicious. If they have the New England Clam Chowder on special, get it because it's damn near perfect. Our server, Miles, was so incredibly attentive, personable, helpful, and well versed on the menu's ingredients. You can tell he was passionate about the food, which got us excited. He even brought samples of things we inquired about but didnt order. Miles quickly brought out our appetizers with a delicious assortment of bread. Nothing disappointed here. We brought out-of-town visitors, and they were very impressed. I look forward to returning.What a historical little spot, although not the original, still is full of history. Menu is great and all traditional American. I had the beer sampler and loved all of them, especially George Washington's recipe. Also ordered the fried oysters while sitting in the tavern reading their books they have above the fireplace and soaking in the history. A must do in Philly!This place was awesome! Thomas Jefferson, Sam Adams, Benjamin Franklin will be walking around here. They have original beer recipes replicated from those presidents for you to try! The food is absolutely outta this world. You feel like you are in the 1700s era with the costumes and stories and language. This place is a definite repeat in the future. I had a blast!Ok, beer= awesome! a beer made with spruce and molases rather than hopps? TRY IT!.. crab cakes= order 2 helpings!
i am not much of an adventurist when it comes to meat- co workers had duck, which they do often & said it was the best EVER, same with venison. Pepper pot soup = delish!
GREAT atmosphere, and the staff and service deserve 6 stars!! 
now.. midiera? well... you should try it, just because you are there. i am not a whimpy drinker- but holy cow was it strong.. nice flavor though.
I did learn, i can never be a ' baller" SO WORTH GOING HERE WHILE IN PHILLYWhat a treat!!!! Nestled in an old historic building, the wait staff and atmosphere take you all the way back to the 18th century. And the Menu... absolutely the best thing about this place!!! 
The Turkey Pot Pie is a must... beyond amazing!!! Beef Medallions and Steak and Shrimp were also mouth watering!Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me...I admit it is my fault to come here again.
The first time I came here was 14 years ago, before we moved to Center City Philly. It was, after all, full of history, so even though we don't like tourist traps, we figured that we should check it out.
I remembered I had the shrimps, because it was so bad that it left a lasting BAD impression. The service was slow, and by the time I got my shrimps, they were stone cold. When I sent it back (which I rarely do), they took forever to bring the food back. By the time I got the "reheated" shrimps back, they were cold again. I basically swallowed each bite trying not to chew just so that I could fill up. I said I'd never ever come back again.
Fast forward 14 years to last weekend, and my husband suggested that we come here again. Since we were here to check out historical sites with our kid, he wanted to take her to experience a piece of history by eating there.
We had a 7 pm reservation, and arrived 15 mins early, so they sat us. We waited 15 mins for our drinks, then another full hour before getting our food. Our LO got the kid menu fish and chips for $12, which was so hot that she burnt her tongue. Her entree was good, but it was so large that I doubt most kids could finish it. BTW, drinks were separate for kids, which cost another $3. So budget around $15 just for the kids meal.
I had the port chop and my husband got the pot pies. Our entrees were good, but they were so cold when we got it, that I could barely taste the flavor. It was such an irony that the kid's food was hotter than the adults'.  I don't care if it was made by a great chef, if it wasn't served in proper temperature, it was tasteless to me.
We also ordered white wine by the glass. The first glass arrived luke warm. When we finally flagged down our waitress, she brought back another one that was also lukewarm (after another long wait). I didn't want to wait again, so I didn't send it back.
The waitress was nice, but she had so many tables to serve, some were outside the patio while others were throughout different dining rooms, that we rarely saw her. We promised our LO dessert after dinner, but she actually said she didn't want it because she didn't want to wait, as it was close to her bedtime. We waited to get our waitress's attention so we could get our check. It took almost 2 hours for dinner, and normally it would be fine with me, but not when we have a child in tow. 
Lukewarm wine, lukewarm food, lukewarm service...We don't get to eat in Center City that often now that we have a kid, so each dinner in Philly is special to us and we always made sure we picked a great place. Unfortunately, we made an unwise choice by coming here. Like Ben says, a penny saved is a penny earned. Save your pennies instead of spending them here.Love this place... Makes you feel like you are eating dinner in colonial times... Great place to bring family and friends...Nice colonial atmosphere in old city Philadelphia. Found a great 50% off coupon in independence hall gift shop which made this dinner 100% worth it!!! Beer selection was great and the steak was top notch. My daughter had a great time drinking from the pewter goblet all the while acting as though she was living in high society revolutionary Philadelphia.The Colonial atmosphere with live harp music was very soothing. The meal lead off with three period breads, English sweet bread, second I forgot, but the third was a sweet potato and pecan biscuit,  which was Benjamin Franklin's favorite and mine. The main course was roasted venison in bourbon mushroom glaze with barley and roasted vegetables. Two beers, first General George Washington then Thomas Jefferson. Their original recipe, my choice was Washington. Desert, Martha Washington chocolate muse with decaf coffee, both outstanding. The recipes are from the colonial period. I'm not a food historian, but the food was very good. The overall experience, fun.Great environment with a more authentic colonial feel than I would have expected for a tourist attraction. 
Food was 5/5 as well. I would highly recommend the chicken breast. 
Would recommend anyone who is interested in having an early American experience with some good food.City Tavern was the perfect experience for us.  We went for dinner to celebrate our 1 year anniversary.  We loved the historic feel of the building and the old fashioned cuisine.  The costumes were a little cheesy, but hey, what can you do?  
I had the roasted duckling and my husband had the rack of lamb.  Both were served perfectly and were delicious.  Now don't let the prices trick you.... the portion sizes are HUGE - especially when stacked against comparable restaurants.  We easily could have split an entree.  
My husband sampled their beer - favorite was the Alexander Hamilton. 
Loved it so much, I bought the cookbook - which is OUTSTANDING.  Not only are the recipes easy to understand... Chef Staib gives directions for finding the foods and the best way to prepare them.  Absolutely love it.  
My only complaint was our waiter was kind of boring (showed no personality at all) and was far to quiet.  In fact, he didn't even introduce himself when he came to table, which is bad customer service.  The receipt said his name was Mike... so... Mike... you need to loosen up and speak up.  Half the time we couldn't hear or understand him when he was talking to us.  
Overall, 2 thumbs up and we will definitely be returning when we head back to Philadelphia.I love Restaurant Week! This time around I had lunch at City Tavern, a place I've heard about and meant to try. The building and furnishings are old but well maintained, and the decor includes historic artifacts, maps, etc. The rooms are lovely and high-ceilinged, and the tableware tends toward heavy silver, so the mood is set!
I've seen Chef Staib on television. He is very serious about authentic but delicious food, and the menu reflects that. I had onion soup, beef pot pie and a linzer tart, as well as a sampler of beers made from Revolutionary-era recipes. The broth in the soup was terrific, and the pastry of the pot pie was crisp and tasty. There was a dessert board from which you could select one, and it included chocolate mousse cake, an apple bread pudding, creme brûlée, the tart and a couple others. They all looked very good, and my raspberry tart (with a side of cinnamon ice cream) was delicious.
The service was friendly and efficient, and I would go back here enthusiastically. There's a good selection of beers and wines, and before I left they even gave me a free dvd preview of Chef's upcoming series!Incredible place to eat with the ambiance and history!  I fully recommend the West Indies Pepperpot Soup (if you don't mind spicy) and the Pork Chop "Apple-Wood Smoked".  I actually ordered the Braised Rabbit with vegetable and egg noodles and gravy which was also good but I looked and got a taste of the Pork Chops and they were unbelievable!!!!  Beware, portions are huge!I found this place to be rather normal and non noteworthy from a beer perspective.  We ordered a couple beer samplers to find out what was available. Of the 4 available I didn't care for any one in particular. Nothing wrong with the beer but I simply enjoy a hoppier beer. The sampler was $15 which we found to be a fair price. Interesting place to see with the apparent history behind it, but I for sure won't return next time. I didn't have any food here since we had just eaten at Jims Steaks, but it looked too pricey for what I saw from other patrons plates.Thank you Heather for the history of the Tavern as well as the history of the libations I ordered. 
I recommend stopping at here while doing all the tourist stuff in Philly if you like to try and learn about old timey cocktails like I do.Excellent Service, Very good food and ambiance. 
I went to this gem of a restaurant this past weekend with a group girlfriends for dinner. After a day of exploring the historic district oh Philly in some rather unpleasant weather, we were ready for a great meal to close out the day. We were not disappointed! 
We started off with some crab cakes and fried oysters. Delicious! I had the turkey pot pie, which was definitely the best pot pie I have ever had. I was a little doubtful about the turkey, because I normally find turkey dry, but this was delicious! It's also HUGE! I finished a little more than half, but ate all the crust. 
My other girlfriends had the lobster pot pie, rabbit, and steak. Everyone loved their food. I didn't eat the dessert that we ordered, but my friend felt that the bread pudding was just so-so. 
The service was very good and you definitely get that colonial feel.Extremely underwhelming. We had a 7:30 reservation and arrived on time to a huge wait. A guy in front of us had a 6:30 reservation and was still waiting. Aside from the bread (which was delicious), we did not actually have food in front of us until 9:30. I had to send my duck sausage back because it was cold in the center and when it came back out it was completely drenched in sauce that I could not actually taste the sausage which in my opinion was still undercooked. Cobwebs were on a lot of the decor and it was kind of dirty. Drinks are way overpriced.
I also just don't understand why this place is also not all in on the theme. For example the people working there have to dress up for the time period but don't play the role at all. And the tables are set when you sit down but the waiter immediately removes the settings.
On the bright side there was a harpist which was beautiful and I did get possibly the best pot pie I've ever had.After a day of meetings, I was thrilled when I heard that would be at City Tavern. Too often these affairs are at AnyRestaurantUSA, but this was a welcome departure from the norm.  City Tavern is a treasure for fans of history and good food!
The restaurant is a faithful recreation of the City Tavern that opened here in 1773.  A year later the first Continental Congress met here. George Washington, John Adams, and Thomas Jefferson were among those that raised a pint here.  
I got a thrill when we entered the dining room and it was decorated like it may have been in those early days.  To top it off, the wonderful wait staff was dressed in period garb.
All of this can be charming, but all too often this screams tourist trap with mediocre food at best. That is not the case here! All of my colleagues reported being very pleased with their appetizers and meals. Of course, we all got off on the right foot with the presidential beer sampler prepared from historic recipes!
We started off with a delicious corn chowder and also had rolls that were from Martha Washington's recipe, which was really cool.  I then had the crab cakes, which were excellent.  Everyone gave thumbs up to the chicken breast madeira and the medallions of beef tenderloin.  
We ended our meal with a fresh fruit cobbler, which was a perfect ending for our meal and nice and warm as we headed back out to the cold night. 
City Tavern is a perfect touch for a visit to an American city that not only embraces its history, but also celebrates its role in the country's founding.This place has the right historical feel, food wasn't bad but service was horrendous. We had a reservation for 6, we were taking up the entire foyer and at least 5 servers walked past us without a greeting. When we were finally seated, it was several minutes before our assigned server came by... fast forward to the chicken meal that was supposed to be served *with* Chardonnay, which arrived after the meal was finished by at least 5 minutes.
Food was mediocre -- hot things were served lukewarm, things with gravy were drowning. Turkey pot pie was flaky, with moist turkey but not enough potato; the chicken special and the pork medallions were fair; desserts were passable.
Restaurant is a great landmark to walk through but don't go hungry and be prepared for poor service.We hit City Tavern as part of our little staycation for Beth's birthday. Anyone who enjoys Taste of History on PBS will probably love it. Yes it's touristy but the food is delicious, portions generous and its not overly expensive. Since we're locals we don't come often but it's always on the list when we have company in town.Great place to go when in Philly. The food is traditional 1776 but excellent. It's a historical theme resturant. You'll have fun I promise.We loved this small but great restaurant. The staff was very friendly and the food was great. We were transported to the 1800s when we walked in the door and we were greeted by staff who were dressed in traditional colonial gear.I lived in Philadelphia for years and always considered this place to be a tourist trap. I just ate here and still think it is. Having said that, I thought the food was high quality and our server was very pleasant. Some of the best crab cakes I've ever had. Two stars down for an awkward welcome (5 minutes in the foyer with several employees passing us without any greeting) and my girlfriend thought the vegetables were too buttery. Fun if you're visiting from out of town. Good for parties of 2-8.City Tavern is interesting as a 'historic landmark' but the food is overpriced and very mediocre . Our food was luke warm and tasteless - it's a very tourist spotJust took my parents to City Tavern for my dad's 80th birthday.  My dad had the trout with a bowl of pepper pot , my mom had the scallop/crab/lobster over pasta special, my husband has the lobster pie, and I had the tofu.  Everything was absolutely delicious.  We finished off with Martha Washington's chocolate cake and we had the mulled wine and a beer flight.  My father said it was the best meal of his life.  Service was perfect and the entire evening was thoroughly enjoyable.  Thanks for giving my dad a special birthday dinner.We stopped in as a family of four for light fare and some drinks before our time slot at the Revolutionary War museum.  We had the bread/cheese plate along with corn chowder and tried the flight of Founders-Era Beers.  It was good.  The food was nothing to write home about other than the fact that it is all traditionally inspired.  The setting is great with the wait staff in costume and there is plenty of history to read about.Awful food and service was very slow. We were excited to go and were really disappointed.Love this place and the fact that they dress of the day, circa 1700's. The vinegar shrug drinks are great!!!Gary and I attended a conference in downtown Philadelphia recently. A friend recommended we go here. A TREAT! I highly recommend it to visitors, for a real authentic experience of Colonial dining. It was great fun eating in the old building, sectioned into separate dining rooms in each room and on several floors. The waitstaff and hosts were all in Colonial attire.
Great family destination. We saw groups, families and friends all gather here for an excellent meal. The tableware is of the time period, including pewter-type (heavy duty) drinkware and candles on the tables. The menu reflects foods from that period, mostly meaty fare such as pork loin, turkey pot pie, lamb chops, steak, etc. TIP: A vegetarian would not like the menu choices. They served some special breads, including these delightful little sconelike muffin items that we loved.
I found the pricing within reason, given the special nature of this restaurant. And the food servings and quality were excellent! I told another in my convention to go here, and he wrote me how grateful he was for that tip. Don't miss it if you can get there!I came here fully expecting the possibility of a lame, touristy meal. They say the waiters are in period dress, but it's not over the top and just seems right. 
The food itself though is the reason to come. Ordered the lobster pie, despite the listing of "market price". It wasn't cheap, but it was worth it. I would suggest splitting it with someone unless you can eat a lot of rich food by yourself. The sauce is the best part and eats more like a soup, spent a good minute just smelling the darn thing before breaking open the flakiest, most delectable puff pastry known to man. 
The bread is also good, though I think T. Jefferson's favorite sweet potato biscuit should be served at breakfast not dinner, but Sally Lunn knew how to make a good white bread. I thought the slice I had felt dry when I was buttering, but when you bite into it, it's soft and chewy texture knows no bounds. 
And get Martha's raspberry shrub champagne cocktail. Perfect compliment to rich food.My husband and I stumbled upon this place.  Read the ads on the outside and decided to give it a try, after all President Adams recommended this place.  We ordered some fried oysters, there were shells in the oysters.  Worse, they use frozen oysters.  The cornmeal was totally overcooked.  My chicken was dry (over cooked?), and the sauce was thick and salty, canned swanson?  My husband ordered something completely different, and guess what?  SAME gravy!  Well we learned our lesson, great ambience and LOVED the sweet potato bread.OK I'm giving this place five stars for a reason: the ambiance.   The food we ordered was pretty good, plus the beer.   It was basic food, but well done in my humble opinion.    Loved the B. Franklin stout w/ a sweet molasses after-taste.    I ordered Marth Washington's pot pie and it was divine.   The crust was just how I like it.   We were all happy w/ the service.   The bar was inviting, too.  We went during a weekday at dusk.  They were lighting candles and I loved the shadowy light cast.   We had fun talking to the wait staff.Beef tips and mushrooms. This is fabulous- I can't wait for dessert!  Highly recommended.So overrated!!!
We had a party of 8 here on 12/27/2017.  So disappointed.  They overbooked so we had to wait 1 hour for reservation at 7:30.  Finally at 8:30 we were seated downstairs.  None of the fireplaces were lit and it was 19 degrees out.  Even tho we had reservations at 7:30 we were told that they had to seat the people who walked in before us (without reservations).  
The Mallard Duck Sausage appetizer was cold inside and had to be sent back.  The Mushroom Toast appetizer was lukewarm.  None of the food was piping hot.  Soup was not hot either. The Turkey Pot Pie was soggy, pastry dough on top was not cooked thru.  I've had much better food at non-historical restaurants but that is precisely why we went there - for the ambiance, which really did not overwhelm.  Fried Oysters were the most appetizing item we ordered.     
Our waiter was superb and the drinks were wonderful.  But i could have said that about so many other places in the city.  And it was very expensive which I would not have minded if we left happy and content.  We did not.  Will not go back.  Been there, done that.  
D F
Drexel Hill, Pa.The City Tavern Restaurant
138 S 2nd St, Philadelphia, PA 19106 (215) 413-1443
www.citytavern.comThis Penn's Landing gem situation in the Old City, Philadelphia is unique in that the waitstaff are costumed, the food is authentic 18th century offers, and the china, lighting, glassware is all dated to transport you to another time.  As I sat down to dinner a festive Benjamin Franklin served cocktails to the table adjacent mine and a buxom Harriet Tubman served some gentlemen their ales.  The tables were lit by lanterns which unfortunately made food photography challenging, but...in a phrase...challenge accepted!  Hopefully the images do not disappoint.
The lighter colored bread, Sally Lunn: large bun or teacake made with a yeast dough including cream, eggs, and spice, similar to the sweet brioche breads of France. Served warm and sliced, with butter, it was first recorded in 1780 in the spa town of Bath in southwest England.  Darker bread is Anadama, a traditional yeast bread of New England in the United States made with wheat flour, cornmeal, molasses and sometimes rye flour.  The small muffins are Thomas Jefferson's own recipe for sweet potato butter pecan biscuits.
Note: Thomas Jefferson's Biscuit recipe is from the National Constitution Center (NCC), Philadelphia PA. According to the NCC, Thomas Jefferson's biscuits were served at the first meeting of the First Continental Congress in 1774. These are light, tasty biscuits (scones), with or without the pecans.
Corn Chowder.  Nothing to write home about, but I will comment on the period china it is served in.  Those are iron bowls and something about eating out of a metal bowl just does it for me.  The Founding Fathers surely knew this as well since after tossing back a few ales, coming up with quotes like, "When in the Course of human events..." In fact I'm pretty sure most of the introduction to the Declaration of Independence was written drunk as it has some pretty dramatic stage effect (Jefferson got carried away)...but I digress, anyway, these dishes won't break easily.  Enough said.  Moving on.
Tenderloin Tips & Mushrooms. Marinated & sauteed beef tenderloin tips, mushrooms, sour cream-Dijon sauce, herbed egg noodles & vegetable of the season.
Medallions of Beef Tenderloin. Pan-seared beef medallions, Burgundy demi-glaze, mashed potatoes, asparagus & Sauce Béarnaise. Béarnaise sauce is a sauce made of clarified butter emulsified in egg yolks, white wine vinegar and flavored with herbs.
Dessert was a strawberry tort served with ice cream.  The cool thing about the desserts is a huge tray of sample desserts comes out at the end of the meal and you get to pick what it is you want.  Rather than look at a dessert menu, you actually get to see the desserts themselves.
Very touristy atrium.
One of the highlights of the evening: the harpist playing in the lobby.
Historical Information: If you're reading this I expect you already know, this was the place the founding fathers gathered and visited and drank. However it burned down long long ago, and after over 150 years the National Park Service had this new version created but it was made to be as original as possible. It opened again in 1975.Only tried the beer, sitting outdoors in the garden, but man were they good. We tried the sampler of four beers, then a pint of our favorite, the Hamilton Ale. 
Great for a hot afternoon when you need a flavorful beer.