ive given this place several chances. its is expensive and lack luster. pizza crust is floppy and wet. the pasta dish ive tried on another occasion was decent but definitely not worth the money, and it was a small portion. i would not order again and after the last pizza  will not be going again.Lovely place! I don't understand the low-ish ratings of this restaurant -- it's a great new place with terrific pizza and a warm friendly atmosphere. We've only tried the pizza and the various vegetable sides and salads, and we've never been disappointed. Okay once -- I didn't dig the meatballs on one of the pizza we got last time. 
We almost always go for whatever special pizza or veg/salad the chef has cooked up. Last time we had a pizza with thinly sliced sweet potato and parmesan cheese (among other things) on it; I'm not a white pizza lover but I loved this one. First time we went we got a Hawaiian pizza. It was like the first Hawaiian pizza I had since I was 12 years old and thought it was the coolest invention ever. It was excellent. One cautionary note: the chef here seems to have inherited the Local 44 chef's obsession with jalapeno peppers (love you Local 44 chef but seriously I can't wait until your love affair with jalapenos has evolved into something more polyamorous). But it's all good. 
There's lots of bar space, and I think at some point it's going to become the new cool spot for happy hour. I'm looking forward to seeing what sort of personality the happy hour acquires. The place definitely has the everyone-is-welcome vibe that Local 44 has. For eating, I like to go upstairs to sit at a proper table etc., since it's all about the food for me. There's a bar upstairs that has lots of space and a chill vibe. It'd be a good space to meet someone for a drink when you actually want to talk with them, or meet a date/pre-date sort of thing. 
Enough about the ambiance -- the food is terrific! My other half declared the pizza better that of Dock Street (gasp!); I think I agree, but I have to do more research first. I can say I think it's as good as Dock Street, which is saying a lot. Keep it up Clarkville!Clarkvillle is a great addition to the neighborhood.
I was very excited to check it out this past weekend, as it's by the same owners of Memphis Taproom, Local 44,  Strangelove's & the also newly opened Coeur in Bella Vista. All those places have very vegan-friendly menus, and Clarkville continues this tradition.  
They focus here seems to be on craft brews & brick oven pizza (which all can be made vegan with daiya cheese & tofu ricotta) but I opted to try the mushroom-lentil ragout and it paired perfectly with my Sangiovese (even the wine is on draft here which I thought was pretty cool).
Prices were average and looking forward to coming again for their happy hour with $5 wine and $4 beer specials.I was pretty excited when Clarkeville finally opened up in West Philly since I've lived in the area and figured this would be another good alternative to Local 44 when I wanted to stay close to home.
Food is pretty good, the pork pizza is by far my favorite out of the 5 I've tried. However, the service has room for improvement.
In my first few visits the service wasn't the best, but I could deal. Only slight passive aggressive tendencies which is understandable when you're a party that spends more time talking than ordering. 
But I digress, tonight which was supposed to be relaxing with a friend, I had the worst service that started off with a simple question, "What is a barley wine?". My waitress, KW (per the receipt) began by rolling her eyes behind her thick rimmed glasses and passive aggressively staring me down. She stated that "it wasn't a wine, but it was like a beer, but not really..." In disregard to that incredibly enlightening answer I decided to get the drink anyway. However, I couldn't help but notice the waitresses' lingering disposition directed at me... This continued through my time at the table. 
At first I thought I was paranoid, but when we asked for our check and two glasses of water my friends' glass had little ice and more water, while mine consisted of 90% ice. Moments later when this waitress decided to refill the glasses she filled up my friends glass, dramatically turned around and left my empty glass... well empty... 
I've worked with the public for over 8 years and I know it's not the easiest especially when you have difficult customers. But it is your job to be kind, it is your job to be accommodating regardless of how crappy of a day you are having and it's your job to make sure they feel welcomed. This waitress accomplished none of these things. I don't know what I did to set this waitress off, but I do know I will not be back.Clarkville is right down the street from me so I figured it was time for me to check it out. It is a bar so its loud but the upstairs was empty so that was nice for us. I should preface that I don't mind the bar scene but don't particularly like loud. The 2 stars is not regarding the loud noises though.
We ordered the danger pie, broccoli rabe, meatballs, and fried chicken. 
The danger pie was undercooked and very bland. The broccoli rabe was nice but drenched in oil. The meatballs were good but for 12 dollars I'd expect a little bigger meatballs. The fried chicken was the star. My husband which is usually a pizza guy barely finished one slice but inhaled the chicken. That was its saving grace. 
If you like drinking then this is the place for you. If you are looking for good food, I would look elsewhere. Sorry but we won't be back. Not because you were bad but it just isn't for us.Hipster place with a great array of somewhat unusual but absolutely delicious food! Always fast and friendly service and they are super helpful in making recommendations. Awesome atmosphere and very cool decor make for a unique experience! One of my favorite local places in Philadelphia. I've always eaten inside but there is outside seating that would be great for people watching and having some drinks. Right next to Clark Park in a nice area and is across from a cafe.I wish I could give 2.5 as my entire experience here was very 'meh'.  Not good, or bad, just meh.  The highlights included the pizza and the cheese on the charcuterie board, the lows included a limited beer menu and a waitress more concerned with clearing the table then taking (refill) orders.Clarkville is one of my new favorites. The restaurant itself is super cute/trendy and they serve beer & wine (though I've never been able to indulge since I've only gone during the workday). 
Be sure to try the stuffed peppadews but realize you might become addicted. They are stuffed with ricotta and topped with breadcrumbs, chili oil, and arugula. Just yum.
The braised meatball appetizer is large enough to be an entree; served with 4 meatballs and bread. Delicious option if you're not in the mood for pizza. 
I've gone multiple times, each time with a large group, and therefore have been able to try almost all of the pies in a shared setting. My favorite is the potato leek pie with pimento cheese. The eggplant pizza with kale and peppers is also up there. They also have a pie of the day which is fun to mix in. 
Tip: You can make any pie vegan!I just want to say a HUGE hooray for Clarkville for being SO very kid-friendly. We have two small kids and it's really hard to go out to eat. We usually try to go at off-hours so it's not busy (when it's crowded, forget it!) and we generally find it's quicker to get slices rather than ordering a whole pie, which can take a while sometimes. I LOVE that everyone is so patient and gracious with us managing strollers, high chairs, messy kids, etc. Also, the pizza is super delicious, of course! And the meatballs are awesome too. Thank you!!Food was amazing. Service was great. The stuffed pepadews were literally like crack. I coulda have eaten a million of them. The place it amazing as well, great ambiance, beautiful decor. I can't Say a bad thing about this place. Their pizza of the day was so flavorful. 10/10 would go back.after a day of work, a friend and i decided to try this place. the space is very roomy, clean, and cute. we were greeted with a smile by a friendly employee. we're off to a good start. 
i appreciated their beer selection but my friend is not a beer drinker and didn't have much option. they only serve beer and wine...not a full bar fyi. we shared a hawaiian pizza, which was delicious. comes with 6 slices and a thin, crunchy and chewy crust. it was delicious. i could've probably finished the whole pizza myself tbh. their menu is selective, i will admit. it ranges from small bites, maybe 3 or 4 sandwich options and pastas, and a variety (maybe 7 or 8?) of pizza options. 
well, a whole pizza will run you about $12-$15...beers range from $6-$7 and so do their wines. 
when we got our check, it listed a few different restaurants...strangelove's in center city being one of them. i knew this place was opened by the same folks of local 44 but didn't know that the other restaurants were connected. i remember having gone to strangelove's awhile ago and enjoying it. anyways...
i had a pleasant experience and would go back.Exceptionally terrible service this past Friday night. Around 7:45 they were not unusually busy, and my friend and I were seated outside. 
We ordered 2 salads, the Caesar and the warm cauliflower, and the pie of the day. Nothing crazy. 
Our food took over an hour to come out. We were content to chat during this time, fortunately for them. When I politely asked one of the waiters (he was seating people too and kind of running around so not sure what his role was for sure) if he thought our food would be out soon, I got nothing but sass in return: "Well, I would imagine so."
Thanks, pal! I work with the public every day. I wasn't being rude or demanding, and since all that time had passed, I was perfectly within my rights to ask for an update. I didn't expect the attitude along with it.
When our food came out about 15 minutes after the sass, he chimed in again "here it is!" with more sarcasm than sincerity. No apology either. 
Our waitress was very sweet, but our waters were only refilled once in the entire 2 hours that we were there. 
As for the food, the Pie of the day had some intrigue. It was a white pie with asparagus, onion and blue cheese. The salads were underwhelming. They used to serve the Caesar as a stalk of romaine, which I loved. On Friday it was in a bowl with so much dressing it was almost inedible. Every piece of lettuce was caked with dressing. Not my favorite. 
I come to this place a lot, for sit down dining and for take out, and I was very upset by the level of service. I can't say I'll be back again soon.The minimalist thing they have going with the pizzas needs work. It's fine to have like a flatbread with great tomato sauce and a dollop of cheese, but give us some real highlights please. There seems to be a lack of commitment (financially and otherwise) in the dishes. The pesto sopprossata sandwich was also lackluster. The bread ratio was way too high and it similarly lacked flavor.Had the Danger Pie at $15. Comes with six slices. It's thin crust and saucy, though a bit small for what you pay for. Although I really enjoyed Best House Pizza, this definitely was the last establishment to gentrify the neighborhood a bit more. The decor here is very warm, and the bar area houses the same metal bar table from Local 44.Went to Clarkville for lunch about a year ago.
Food was disappointing: edible but not tasty.
Warm Cauliflower salad was mediocre. The salad was overwhelmed by large chunks of bread which were like sponge-y slightly soggy chunks of pizza dough. Cauliflower was okay but there wasn't much cauliflower in this "cauliflower salad". This bland dish should instead be called a "bread & kale salad".
The pizza was edible but not enjoyable. I tried the White Pie. 
In summary, Clarkville's food is generally mediocre, and overpriced for its mediocrity. Given that I enjoy eating tasty food, I have zero inclination to return to Clarkville to eat. There is much better food to be had in West Philly.This place is busy and loud on a Friday night. We are seated upstairs, the service was pretty good. I asked the waitress about gluten free options and she gave me the info I asked for. She was well informed which I appreciated. But the options should be on the beer and food menus. 
The warm cauliflower salad. It's delicious. We got the White pizza and Sal's  Famous. Pizza was OK. Just like how the former occupant Best House was just OK pizza. I did appreciate the lightness of the crust but   really nothing to write home about unfortunately. I will return to try other options on the menu probably not pizza again.third time's the charm? sort of! The Sal's Famous was much improved; not as salty this time :) but I went with a sausage sandwich and was disappointed with the quality of the meat again. crumbly, dry sausage--Clarkville, where are you getting this stuff from? Please get a new sausage supplier!  
I'm also worried that the beer selections have remained the same with very few rotations. three times now and I've been underwhelmed with the selections.
I'm so torn because I love the atmosphere of this place, but I guess I'll have to keep it simple with a typical beer and pizza pie!Cute place, very well decorated and nice atmosphere. I came here with my friends and we enjoyed our pizza very much. They had great flavors. They had a really good sour dough bread. 
Recently returned .... again did not disappoint! Excellent caramelizas golden beets. The pizza was wonderful and the staff was outstanding!!Great family atmosphere! Great happy hour specials! We usually get the Sal's Famous and the warm cauliflower salad. Branched out on the last visit and tried the babaganoush instead, which was also tasty but probably too much bread for one meal if you're also ordering pizza. Would love for them to have a rotating menu of specials to make it interesting for regulars.I like the diversity of their food and beer selection,  and the ambiance and setting is great. The servers have always been extremely kind and attentive to us. Their ID policy is very strict--meaning you can't eat there if you don't bring it, and I think they could ease up on it quite a bit!Stopped in for happy hour and was starving! I love Local 44 and was excited to see the menu offerings because I appreciate Local 44's attention to homemade deliciousness. The beer and wine offerings were limited but the choices were good. The menu was very limited and I usually don't think of that at as a downside, but for this place it was. Limited menus usually say to me that the place is working hard to offer the freshest and best prepared dishes with lots of attention to detail. The pizza was good- Not Dock St good, but solid good. I was hoping to see some essential must haves on the menu like a burger, wings, something substantial. They came up short. We had several pizzas. The cheese plate was nice but so so small for the price. AND the picnic snack plate! Offered vegetarian or meat, I should have chosen veggie. When there is NO description and you expect pleasant surprises...you should not be getting an entire mason jar of chicken liver pate and a half pound of the atrocity known as "head cheese". I get that some people like that stuff, but when it's offered on the menu with no description...organ meats should not be a surprise! I was expecting maybe something more commonly offered as "snacks". YUK. It was overpriced and I left hungry. The ambiance was nice though.I basically could live here if there were less stringent zoning restrictions. Always something good on tap. In the course of the last week, I have been here three times and eaten great things each time. Recommend chicken, pimento mac & cheese, the White Pie, and the take-it-home Pinot.Got our order wrong. Server sent it back for a replacement... Pizza was burnt and had no sauce. We waited 40 minutes for dry cardboard. Don't waste your time or money. Very disappointed and still hungry.Secretly this place is exactly what you wanted to go to like four years ago. If you had to go somewhere and get beer, the growlers at Clarkville aren't that bad. However, they only full growlers that bear the name Clarkville. No outside growlers or the five dollar one you picked up from the Philly Home Brew Club.
I'm not going to get too far into the cuisine, but it's a bit like Abufad in Fairmount and a tweak juicier than Dock Street just down the street.Came for the happy hour on Friday, then dinner. We were a group of 12+ so when we first walked in, we were told to head upstairs and to the back. Easy to navigate, with a very attentive waiter from the first second we sat down. They allowed us to be loud and jolly for the birthday party, with 4$ pints, 5$ wines. The ginger cider was really tasty, and the beer list was pretty extensive.
This place has vegan cheese, so any pizza you want can be make lactose free! Got pepperoni and mushroom, and it was so expensive to add the meat. Only tiny tiny little pepperonis with only about 3-4 per slice. Happy hour pizzas are only 7 dollars tho, so if you like plain, cheap pizza, that's the best time to go. The real cheese pizzas around me looked really great though, and everyone was quite pleased with their choices. It's a fun little spot to get together with friends and or grab drinks, but the food is a little bit pricier than expected for the area. 
For a previous visit, I tried the "best" fried chicken, and it was alright. Clean recipe, nice crispy touch with potatoes, but nothing as good as my grandma will ever make. Also super expensive. Not sure what the best deal for food is here, but they don't make anything that is super economical to eat. Might come back again if they add new apps or desserts!I had the jersey tomato and loaded potato pie the other day. They were both delicious and a pretty good deal. I far prefer the pizza here to the sandwiches.Love their pizzas.  Great pizza restaurant!   Their selection of wines are pretty bad though.  Not a beer drinker but you can buy growlers!  No full bar-but you def come for their great pizzas!I have been twice to Clarkville for lunch. Great selection of salads and the pizza is first rate. I specially liked the cauliflower salad. Also the eggplant appetizer is exquisite. The service was great and I liked the decor.I love this place. However, I don't have any reason to go there anymore. I have no idea why they stopped making potato pie pizza and replaced it with a non-veg option. It was my favorite pizza. I don't think so I am going again unless they start it again.I am so THANKFUL that I live fairly close to this place. The Johnny Hots pizza is definitely my favorite pizza EVER good lord. I've also tried the White pizza, and it's not for me, but it wasn't bad!The pizza was pretty good, the service was shotty! When we went to place an order I was told I could not order a second drink (which was ok). At that point several things happened. #1 I did not see the server for another 37 minutes. This is figuratively. She walked by is several times, did not asked if we needed another drink or " they food should be out shortly" . The salad took over 1/2 hour to come out.  #2 when the salad did arrive we found a HUGE hair in it. After another 5 minutes we were able to get he attention. The salad was taken off of the bill( a positive) #3 when we were wrapping up the meal and taking care of the bill I was charged for 2 beers! The same beer I was denied earlier in the day. At that point I was ready to go. The amendment was made to the bill and I paid the bill. I STILL left a 20% tip after these situations. The pizza was pretty good but the service was not. It's unfortunate turn of events because this place was alright for the foodMy friends and I dined at Clarkville Pizza on Sunday afternoon. In addition to pizzas and small places, the menu offered brunch options, such as eggs benedict and croque madame. I split the fried chicken confit, croque madame and the brunch pizza with two friends. 
Fried Chicken - the menu described the dish as a chicken confit. We were served three crispy pieces of chicken thighs over an creamy onion ranch dip, paired with a lightly dressed arugula salad. The fried chicken was flavorful, juicy and tender. 
Croque Madame - The croque madame was quite disappointing, overall. The bread was quite thick, the ham was shredded into salty pieces, and while the menu suggested that there was fig jam in the sandwich, I could not detect any hint of sweetness from the jam. 
Brunch pizza - This was another disappointment. The pizza was supposed to include shaved potato, bacon, ricotta, dry mozzarella, arugula, hollandaise. The ricotta, while delicious, was overpowering, and I did not detect shaved potato. 
Overall, the atmosphere is lovely, and the staff is friendly, but I will be dining elsewhere for better pizza.I've eaten here a handful of times and have really enjoyed everything I've eaten (pizzas are great!). Service is friendly and quick, both the upstairs and downstairs are lovely, and they're family friendly. Beer selection is solid but could be a little better. Otherwise I've been super happy!Stopped here for pizza night with the family 
Ordered three pies 
Danger pie ....Perfect 
San....really good pizza well balanced 
Pepperoni pizza ...amazing 
All three pizza were great ...fast service ..and comfortable and creative environment 
Lots of parking 
Easy to find and worth the drive ..will go backThe pizza is delish and they have great vegan options!!! The warm cauliflower salad is big and delicious!!!The pizza is pretty good, with a lot of special pies to choose from. I also got their fried chicken, in which they note is the best fried chicken in Philly. It was good, but definitely not the best. I prefer Popeyes, as this chicken was a little dry. 
The decor is very hipster gentrification vibe, which was okay. The center piece of dangling lights was pretty unsightly, as it's just a few light bulbs and red wires. 
However the prices are pretty good for the size and quality of the pies. Uh yeah just get the pizzas lolMy boyfriend recently got us pizza from Clarkville for take out. I was so excited because it had been on my list for sometime, but had never actually gone. When he arrived it was still warm and smelled incredible, however, it just didn't taste fantastic. We tried two pies that sounded much better than they ended up being: the pulled pork and bacon with brussel sprouts. They didn't give you much of the promised toppings and they were seasoned with too make spices and not enough cheese. Can't speak to the atmosphere, but the product isn't great. I don't really plan on going back.Excited to finally try out Clarkville last night. I've lived on Baltimore for the past 2 years and was witness to the demise of Best House pizza and this new pizza joint that would eventually take its place. Clarkville was on my list of places to try but I didn't find myself here until last night, after my boyfriend and I were rejected from 5 other outside eateries. We made it for happy hour and while I am all about $5 wine and $4 beer, the food selection was limited to one $7 cheese pizza and.....a kid's meal?
It was clearly evident when we walked in that happy hour belongs to the kids. It was like a circus. There was a caravan of strollers parked right by the entrance. Boyfriend and I had a nice window seat on the first floor, and although I loved the view I did not love the loud, noisy kids. There was one group in particular sitting at the middle table with a little monster who screamed every 20 seconds. Coupled with the loud music, it was difficult to have a conversation. Not a very relaxing atmosphere for an after work snack and beer. 
I get it, there aren't a lot of sit-down pizza joints in the Cedar Park area. I've walked by Clark Park many times during the day and then does it look like a chill, nice spot to have a drink and hangout. I don't fault the place for this and if you read some earlier reviews you got a bunch of people complaining it isn't "kid-friendly". However, I will avoid coming here during happy hour unless I want to once again remind myself to never have kids.
The beer list is small but interesting. As per most places they only had one cider and it was decent. The cheese pizza we ordered was small but filled us enough that we were less hungry than when we came in. Took a while to get to us. A little over half an hour but it was pretty busy. The server was friendly and informed us when a new server would be taking care of us.
Clarkville is still pretty new and their small but expensive menu will most likely bring me back for an afternoon lunch or a very late night snack.Was at my friends in West Philly and we decided to order pizza for delivery.  For 4 of us we were ambitious and ordered 3 pies- Danger pie (basically their version of margherita pizza), eggplant and loaded potato.  While the pies were larger than expected (bigger than personal pies at Vetri) I ended up being glad we got so many as we all were so impressed we inhaled slice after slice.  Loaded potato was so flavorful but still not overly heavy or creamy.  Eggplant was loaded with veggies and great spices and sauce.  But, my favorite had to go to the Danger pie- perfectly charred crust on the thinner side but sturdy enough to hold the flavorful sauce, amazing cheese (just the right amount), and dusting of seasoning on the underside of the crust.  Definitely recommend this place for delivery!I've only had their pizza here, and it is absolutely delicious! The white pie in particular is downright addictive and savory/flavorful, and they have interesting pizza specials as well. I wish the happy hour specials would include pizzas beyond the plain one. Excellent beer selection as well. The location is super convenient to where I live in West Philly.Clarkville is a great spot I stumbled upon mid-afternoon on a Monday. Needless to say it was quiet, but there were still a few guests at such an off-peak time. The layout is open with lots of light, and includes a second floor that I did not even venture upwards to inspect. The outdoor patio is promising - though no alcohol can be served outside. From the looks of the liquor license request in the window, they may be working to resolve this.
The pies are a decent serving size that could feed two moderately hungry people, or as I did - leftovers can be taken to enjoy later on. I had the Hawaiian Pie, and it was tasty! Normally I'm hit or miss with ricotta, but the ricotta with the pineapple and jalapeño was not completely overpowering and melded well together. The crust was soooooooo perfect. Crispy and light - I'm a big fan.
Since I'm new to the area, the beer list provided enough variety that I was satisfied with the approximate dozen offerings. I'll certainly be returning!This is a little neighborhood secret (but they are always busy). The pizza is delicious, like pizza-snob kind of pizza. My favorite is the white pizza. The warm cauliflower salad is amazing as well. The salad is so tasty that it's actually a treat to have. And I'm a girl who likes fatty food.there we go, Clarkville! They have really perfected the Sal's famous. Delicious sauce and crust!
2.5 stars for service...our waitress was incredibly nice, but they forgot our order of Fried Chicken (voted best in Philly for 2016 apparently). I understand it was a busy night with Shakespeare in the Park in Clark Park, but that's really no excuse to forget orders. 
I'm glad to see that their pizza has improved, it may be the best option in the neighborhood!I recently moved back to this area and was looking forward to trying this place because it didn't exist the last time I lived here; I am so happy I was finally able to pop in. The staff was great; super friendly and easy to converse with while I waited for my friend to arrive. The wine I had (chardonnay) was delicious and I ordered the Sal's pizza to go- also delicious. All in all, this place is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and I will absolutely be back.Another gastropub from the folks that run Local 44, Clarkville has a decent local beer selection, and features slices of pizza in homage to the location's predecessor. If you haven't tried the vegan Sal's Famous, you are really doing it wrong.I really really wish I could have liked Clarkville. I'm a big fan of Local 44 and when I heard the owners were opening up a new pizza place just down the road I knew I had to check it out. But after three visits, each ending with "hmmm...that was bad, maybe next time it will be better" I just can't rationalize coming back ever again. Maybe fourth time's a charm?
The restaurant itself is very beautifully decorated with adorable bunny artwork adorning the walls. However that's where the pleasantries end.
The service can be very hit and miss. One time my friends and I were seated promptly and got our food and drinks right away. The next visit our food took nearly 1 1/2 hours to come out, despite them not being very busy. The third time we got seated and served quickly but our waiter was quite dismissive of our questions (my girlfriend asked what ricotta salata was on the broccoli rabe and the waiter bluntly said "Its like shredded cheese". Knowing the flavor and amount would have been helpful...)
I've tried several items on the menu and honestly the only thing I can honestly recommend is are the cheese stuffed peppadews.
Here are my thoughts on the rest of the food:
Blistered Long Hots: Overly salted and not very "blistered"/roasted. I had a small bite and could eat the rest due to how salty they where.
South Philly Pie: Little bits of meat on a cheese pizza. The cheese itself was quite good however the meat was more gristle than meat. 
Warm Cauliflower Salad: The flavors just don't seem to go that well together. Its not the lack of flavor that was the problem, just the combination.
Marinated Broccoli Rabe: Unlike the cauliflower salad this dish didn't really have much flavor at all. I felt like I was eating cold limp leaves.
Sal's Famous: Decent pizza. Honestly its not like it was a bad dish, its just that there are better and cheaper options close by.Great happy hour here! The selection of pizzas are nice, and it's a good place to come as a group. Don't miss the roasted cauliflower salad or the desserts!I liked Clarkville. It's just what this neighborhood needs and I can see myself going here a few more times in the next months. 
Its atmosphere is surprisingly intimate and it functions really well both as a neighborhood hangout bar and as a gastropub. 
The decoration upstairs and downstairs is surprisingly charming, with nice windows and a nice view of the park. For such modern decor, it's still remarkably cozy. I've only ever hung out upstairs so I would recommend going to the upstairs bar. 
The pizza is...unique. It's good. It's not "wow" good and if you're looking for "wow" pizza then you need to go down to 50th Street for Dock Street Brewery. Actually, the pizza is borderline bad if you're a traditionalist but it redeems itself with a combination of flavors and textures that I have never seen anywhere else on a pizza. 
I generally like protein on my pizza and so I was disappointed with the lack of options on the menu for pizza. Most of the pizzas on the menu are vegetarian or vegan so if that's your thing then this place is a must. The pork pie was....weird. It was really spicy with a dollop of cream included on the top. The Hawaiian was better but nothing to brag about, and also included the interesting cream dollop. 
Still, the place is a nice atmosphere and it's a great location at a nice walk just a few blocks from my apartment. Given the location, Clarksville should do really well in the years to come. Yet if I'm craving a great pizza and beer combination, I'm going down Baltimore Ave. to Dock Street Brewery. If I'm looking to hang out with a few friends, I'll come back here.So disappointed.
Unfortunately, they miss the point about a Public house as a welcoming gathering place. 
If you have a large group, they refuse to take drink orders until everyone is there, even if the place is otherwise empty. They are assiduous about carding people- fair enough. But if someone is underage, they will not serve drinks to everyone else at the table, even when everyone is eating together. 
Can't speak to the quality of the food, because their policies left too bad a taste in my mouth.
For long time Philly folks, I miss the Wurst House.Pretty OK pizza. Generally all pizzas are super salty, but not bad when they are hot so I recommend to sit in or reheat at home. I like eggplant pie and danger pie is pretty good too. Anything with vegan cheese isn't that good.I seen this place on yelp and had to try. We went for lunch ordered the "Danger Pie" and the "fried chicken". 
Danger pie was great the chicken was crunchy but bland as far as seasoning. The atmosphere was wonderful I loved the decor. I would visit this place again for the pizzaGreat great service! Great drinks! Some of the best fried chicken I've ever had! I'll stick to doc street when it comes to pizza!Really enjoy the food, atmosphere, and location! The price is a good value for the amount and quality of food. Would definitely go back, especially because the location is so convenient.Solid place for some good pizza, especially for vegan options. There's a cool, chill vibe and good service to boot. There's also a bar which is a nice option for those looking to grab a drink. I'll be visiting here again.I love Clarkville. The pizza is ALWAYS on point as well as the other tasty morsels on the menu. Try the fried chicken. it's delicious. This is the danger pie. You can not go wrong with this. Or Sal's famous. The crust is perfect and the sauce is divine. Check out the other special pies such as the loaded potato pie or the white pie. The salads are delicious and the happy hour is great. And seasonally...the outside seating can't be beat.The lunch special is excellent. It's $2 for the best slice of cheese pizza I've had in Philly. Good beer selection. The atmosphere is clean and very pleasant.This pizza place was absolutely amazing. The Honey pie was the best of what we ordered. The pie was slightly spicy and a little sweet. The service was informative and also attentive. Parking was also plentifulI think I have found a hidden gem in my neck of the woods. I will definitely recommend this place in the future.We had the white pie which was delicious! Decent wine and beer selection as well. I really enjoyed the Malbec. I will be back!Saw some less than glowing reviews right after Clarkville opened, but we had a great experience. Both the farmer's veggie pizza (broccoli rabe on this occasion) and stuffed peppers were delicious. Certainty one of the better pizzas in the area: well cooked crust and two thumbs up for homemade sauce. -1 star only because the happy hour beer list was 1 beer.I usually come here just for drinks. I've had their pizza here and I think it's very average and overpriced. If I do ever get food, I get their peppadews, which is pretty good. Overall, overly priced mediocre food.Biggest issue, for a place with tons of cool trendy alcoholic beverages, it doesn't have a single non pepsi/coke non-alcoholic beverage. My wife is currently pregnant, so we end up ordering waters. Its 2017. Stock an "Equally Attractive Non-Alcoholic Beverage" (or EANAB).
Second issue is the food is sooo salty. I love salty food, but after 2-3 slices of pizza at this place I'm still guzzling water the next morning. 
Pros are the great happy hour specials and outdoor seating. We've always had really good service. If you're drinking, they have a really interesting rotating selection, though honestly they usually end up being pretty hit or miss.12 for a pizza the size of a small at dock street.., are you kidding? Menu options are underwhelming and limited. Dock street is over priced but size and quality make it excusable. Won't be here againBest pizza in West Philly.  It's a low bar but these guys raised it.  
The beer selection may be smaller than most gastropubs but I have no complaints on the selection because everything is top choice.  I actually like having a limited selection as it help everyone make their decision faster.  
Service is good.  Prices reasonable.Came here on a Friday evening.  Sat in the back of the middle section, next to the staircase.  However each time the front door was opened we were greeted by a blast from the cold outdoors.  It was bad enough that our table of 3 had our jackets on for all of dinner, this was February.
As far as pizza goes, we ordered 2 different pizzas and both had the same kind of cheese on top.  If you like that kind of ricotta like cheese then you would like.  I did not particularly like it.
As far as service and ambience, it's a great looking place and the servers were nice and prompt.  Not sure if I'd venture back to try more of their food.Great pizza, good value. Warm cauliflower salad is probably my favorite salad in the city. Get the secret large size of it for $14 if you want to feed an armyMy husband and I stopped in for dinner on Tuesday night. The atmosphere was relaxed and our server was very kind and friendly, so no complaints there. We tried the danger pizza as well as a few appetizers. All the food was quite good, but I do think that this establishment would benefit from some less pricey appetizers, or at least some food specials during happy hour. In general, the happy hour offerings were not impressive. Also, the menu is set up a bit strangely and it's hard to get a real sense of whether some items are appetizers or entrees, particularly as the appetizers are a bit on the pricey side. I think this place is a nice addition to the neighborhood and just needs a few small changes to make it feel more welcoming and accessible.I'm really pleased with the improvements made since my last review!
Clarkville added more pizza options! We tried the Hawaiian & the Sal's Famous this time, both of which were delicious. I just love the interior of this place... So bright and cheery on a beautiful Sunday morning :)When I first went to Clarkville around its opening I thought that the pizza, salads, and beer selection were good (though not as good as Dock Street, a pizzeria/brewery a few blocks away).  Over the next few months I went back several times, each time more disappointed than the last. The biggest problem this place has is consistency in the kitchen and behind the bar. I've ordered the same pizza and salads and had them taste different each time (and not "good" different). Wine pours range from reasonable to sad. 
Clarkville recently opened up an outside eating patio.  While walking our dog a few weeks ago, my partner and I tried out the patio.  We were disappointed to learn that dogs were not allowed on the patio, but we made due by having our dog sit outside of the planter boxes. We walked over there yesterday (honestly we only went because it was Sunday afternoon and on Sundays Dock closes early), planning to do the same thing. We were promptly told that dogs were not allowed anywhere near the patio anymore - not even outside the barricade of planter boxes.  
Combining the decline in food quality and the uptight stance on dogs near the patio, we have decided we will not eat here again.  It would be great to have a more relaxed (and higher quality) restaurant open in its place.  Plus, we would rather use our money to support Dock Street which has superior pizza and beer - and not only does Dock allow dogs in their outside seating, but they even bring them bowls of icy water, to boot.I loved my dining experience here! The restaurant is located across from Clark park and has a good amount of outdoor seating. I saw in a previous review that they couldn't serve alcohol outside, but this no longer is the case. The inside atmosphere also looked very nice. 
The menu offers a combination of small plates, entrees, sandwiches, and pizza. The menu offers several vegetarian and vegan options as well as options to substitute non- dairy cheese on several of their pizzas to make them vegan. This is definitely a great place if your party has a combination of vegans and meat eaters. There is something for everyone! 
We started we the ricotta stuffed peppadillows. They were delicious! The peppers had just the right amount of spice and the house made ricotta was great! For dinner I gift he vegan cauliflower sandwich and OMG! This sandwich is why I'm giving the restaurant 5 stars. It was SO good! They use pizza dough for the bread and it's phenomenal. My friend got the danger pie. She rated the pizza 4 stars and wasn't as enthusiastic as I was about my sandwich.We came here for a Tuesday happy hour, and I liked it a lot. There is plenty of space, which is far nicer than the crowded scene at sister restaurant Local 44. The decor is clean, minimal, and modern. 
The happy hour deal was quite good, I felt. $4 draft beers (and great craft ones, at that), $7 cheese pizzas (quite sizable). 
We had very efficient and polite service, which was a plus. 
We will definitely be back.Terrible service. Our server (I don't know his name) was curt and disrespectful. We just got up and left because of the way he treated us, which is a shame because I was excited to try some of their many vegetarian options.I love Clarkville for it's reliably tasty pizza, proximity to my house, and for their relaxed, laid-back, friendly attitude.
I go to Clarkville probably 3 times a month - for a casual dinner when i don't feel like cooking, or when my parents are in town and we want to grab something, or when I'm just really craving whatever I'm currently into there.
Over the past 2ish years, i've grown to adore the Stuffed Peppadews appetizer - they are spicy, bright, creamy, and topped with the perfect salty spicy bite (thanks to the chili oil & breadcrumbs). I've always enjoyed whatever iteration of "Pork Pie" they are on (v1 was my fav, but so far v3 is solid, too). The Honey pie (Brussels sprouts + bacon + drizzle of honey).
They always have a great beer list and unique house special pie. 
Service is friendly, low-key, and helpful. It's a great neighborhood place (and usually has a lot of screaming children in it...)I visited Clarkville pizza for the first time on a Friday night with a group of 8 friends. We arrived in time for happy hour, during which we took advantage of their 5 dollar wines and even cheaper draft beers- a great deal. 
However, the happy hour food menu was lacking, so we ordered off the regular menu for our entree. For 8 people, we ordered 4 pizzas, and it was just enough food - maybe 5 pizzas would have been better. Everyone seemed to like the pizzas in general  - we got the white pizza, Hawaiian, and the danger pie. As far as pizza goes, they were fine; but I've definitely had better. For people like myself, who love cheesey pizza, there was a distinct lack of cheese in the toppings of all three pies. Additionally, the ricotta cheese on the white pizza was relatively overwhelming. My favorite was the Hawaiian, though even that could have used more cheese. However, for the price the PIzza's weren't bad; and the atmosphere and drinks made up for the lack of quality in the meal. I would definitely come back again, but maybe I would order extra cheese or a non pizza entree. The dessert however, these little mini fried donut balls dipped in caramel, was amazing. I will undoubtably be back one day to enjoy a wine and donut happy hour. 
As far as service goes, the waitstaff was friendly, the seating was prompt (we were seated at 6:30 and had made reservations for 6:30), and the drinks came quickly. We waited on pizza a little longer than I would have liked, but nothing to complain about. We also loitered at our table to talk, drink, and eat dessert after our meal, and we were not treated rudely or rushed out of the restaurant to seat other patrons. Overall, mediocre Pizza, but a great experience.We arrived at 7pm on a Saturday and it was already filled up, we snagged the last two-top upstairs. They did a good job of varying seating levels and the lighting was pretty on point, low and moody but not hard to see. 
We wanted to order the Utica greens and Pork Pie but they'd just run out of the Utica greens so I'm not sure if the Saturday crowd was unusual for them or if they normally run out of menu items during peak dinner hours.
It turned out for the best because the Pork Pie was the perfect amount of food for two people, it divided out nicely into 3 good-sized slices each. Each slice had a generous dollop of creamy ricotta that paired deliciously with the ever-so-spicy pizza sauce. It was a thin-crust but the crust was still very chewable rather than breaking off into sharp brittle shards in your mouth.
They made a great choice placing the pizza up on a stand to clear up table space. I only wish that it was juuuust a centimeter taller so the beer glasses could slid under the pizza as well as the water glasses.
It's also a very specific, narrowly focused menu. It's easy to decide against something because of a single ingredient in the dish.
Pro: it's very easy to pick something to eat. 
Con: unless I'm in the mood to have that specific Pork Pie again, I probably won't return because nothing else on the menu appealed to me. 
Bonus pro: I will probably want the Pork Pie again.I am confused by the bad reviews for this place. Went here on a slow Sunday night and couldn't have had a better dinner. We opted to sit outside on a nice night with a beautiful view of a seldom calm Baltimore Ave. Our waitress was more than kind, especially when I asked for a recommendation for a good pizza. The Hawaiian pizza was great,  and although I'm much more a beer drinker, the Rosso wine was just as good.Sad beer selection, sad prices.  Some food.
  Of the 4 or 5 restaurants these guys own, this is my least favorite.The food is good, but so over-priced for good gastropub food.  It was supposed to be a neighborhoody place, but it's way too much for anyone other than Penn profs ...or kids who don't understand value or quality, but get to spend their parents' money.
The beer thing is the worst.  The idea that they only serve stuff in pint glasses is just stupid ...not because pint glasses are stupid, but because they think that means boring beers.  That's right; despite drinking 2 or more 9% beers somewhere else, I can't get a pint of strong beer here.  Plus: no tastes (?!?)  This is Philly; one of America's greatest beer cities and you don't give tastes???  I guess the policy is that they are afraid some of their customers will abuse the privilege, so they'll treat everyone as if they are suspect.You better run here before I eat all the pizza and donuts!?!????
For real though. I went tonight because my best friend and I wanted to check out her new neighborhood and oh man, we will be back again!!
1. Atmosphere is great. Super philly= chill, great, craft beer,approachable staff, great food, sports ball on tv
2. Back to the beer. They had Pizza Boy on the menu which is not only from my hometown but it'd amazing. Also quite a few other impressive craft beer pouring. 
3. The pizza. Was. Amazing. We got the classic, whatever they call it. Thin, hot, sauce was good. Had the right about of burnt bubbles ( you know what I mean if you're a sucker for pizza like me )
4. Bartender and staff were amazing.
Can't wait to go back!!Good pizza! Everything was a bit on the salty side though.
Mainly 2 stars because i was taken aback by how rude my waiter greeted my table. He asked for my id and coming from a staff meeting on campus i didnt have an id asides from my school one. He snapped back that since i didnt have one nobody would drink which was totally fine to begin with because it was 6pm with a lot of underage people and we never asked to drink... he then forgot about 2 of out waters and my utensils were dirty (like food bits were on it?) which was pretty unsettling and gross :(Stopped in for a Monday night bite. We shared the chicory salad and a Sal's Famous with Soppressata. Both were excellent! They obviously have been tweaking with the pizza and it seems as if they've hit their crust stride. Really an excellent pie option not just in the neighborhood but in all of downtown. Sat at the bar upstairs and really enjoyed the service. Our bartender was hilarious, super friendly and attentive. So happy to have this place nearby!Food & service have hit their stride. Pizza crusts are now crisp, not too doughy or bland. Pizza toppings range from fairly traditional to the adventurous--and all good, whether you want a tomato sauce and cheese kind of pizza or a white pie. 
A rotating draft beer list has something for almost everyone--all but maybe the Miller Lite crowd. The pasta is fresh, the sauces rich & not over sweet, & the salads are generous, fresh & delicious. Salads may be my favorite items on the menu.
Clarkville has been pretty good since it opened, but lately they have raised their game deliciously.