Descent cheese steak, was able to use delivery although delivery was pretty high at $5 through yelp.  After delivery, tip, tax a $12.71 cheesesteak (the block) was $22.65 the thing that really ticked me off was that I was charged an extra $1.50 for extra cheese that I didn't authorize.
I recommend the block, but the sharp provolone was too much...go american cheese or get whiz instead.This was amazing!!! The sandwich did not at all disappoint. A family of 4 can rack up a pretty hefty bill, so there are a few things you can do to save. 
1) A sandwich is BIG. If my husband and I could have agreed on one sandwich, we could have split it and been satisfied. I didn't really feel hungry the rest of the day because I ate the entire sandwich. 
2) We ordered chicken fingers  for the kids (ages 8&5). They could have split an order. 
3) Skip the great beer selection. I know, that one's hard! 
Most seating is upstairs, but we got to watch the Phillies game while we ate, because they have two large flatscreens.Great spot to get wraps and sammyches. Very clean and kind staff. Prices are ok. Great selection of brewskis.Visiting Phili and wanted a cheesesteak.  Since this place had great reviews we thought we'd give it a try....mistake.  I've had better cheesesteaks in the mall in California!!!  Way expensive and servers were rude.  Highly doNOT recommend this place.Great cheesesteak and cheese fries. The quality of meat is really good, the restaurant is clean. It's a good spot for a sit down meal without breaking the bankSo good!  The service was great, guys at the counter were super patient with me taking forever to order!  The food was deeeeelish!  Definitely looking forward to going back!Based on Yelp reviews I decided to try this place while in Philly for work.  I don't eat beef so I got a grilled chicken cheesesteak with provolone, fried onions, cherry pepper relish and mayo.  It was huge.  Only one size and price is ok, I did build your own and even had to pay for the mayo.  I got fries too, they're waffle fries and they give you a generous portion.  The to go bag was stapled and while they included ketchup packets (I didn't ask for them) there was no salt and the fries really needed salt.  I got a side of siracha aoli so dipped my fries in that, thank goodness because I wouldn't have eaten them plain with no salt.  They have the coke machine with all the choices which is nice.  They have a huge beer selection and boozy shakes too - I didn't try them.  I'd go again.  Enjoy!!Walked in here and was pleasantly surprised. Excellent sandwiches and fries and a friendly wait staff. And a cool place to sit and have a drink!!Best Philly Cheesesteak joint.  Tried Princes, Geno's and Cleavers.  Cleavers wins by a mile!  The shakes are thick and steak is perfection!I walk past this place all the time but finally decided to check it out today. We got the garlic parm fries which were crispy and delicious! My boyfriend also got a chicken sandwich... large portions were definitely appreciated. Will be going back for a milkshake.Co-workers were doing a group order from here, so I got in on the action. I tried their steak sandwich - the cool thing is you can customize it hundreds of different ways. I got mine with bbq sauce and mild provolone. Loved it. The sandwich itself was huge, I couldn't begin to eat it all, half was perfect (other half for later)!  Everyone loved their sandwich. Next time, I'll order it with double meat.Been here a few times now and they never disappoint. Always go with the cheesesteak roll with cheddar cheese sauce covered waffle fries which are killer. Can never finish both so always split the fries. The cheesesteak is very similar to Jon's Roast Pork in S. Philly. Highly recommend.I visited Philadelphia for the day to look for the best cheesesteak in town. I found it. 5 stars forsure. If you're looking for the best in town..here it is!!Soggy Philly cheesesteak. Tasteless. Beef was precooked and out of the fridge as were the green peppers. Not worth it.Tried a number of Philly Cheese Steak Sandwiches around town. Ordered the sandwiches first meat only. This was to taste the ribeye without any dressing for its flavor of natural juice and texture. Then each time adding different cheeses and other extra dressings.
Following three days of indulging myself in Philly Cheese Steak Sandwiches...Cleavers maintained a moist ribeye steak taste regardless of any dressing added to the sandwich.
For an excellent Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich dressed down or dressed up it is CLEAVERS. 
FIVE STARS AND THUMBS UPThe management called me to apologize personally. It was mainly the delivery guy's fault. This was a great customer service experience!What I can only describe as heaven on earth... I was recommended this establishment, the hotel staff. And he described as this unbelievable holly grail that, was one of the best kept secrets. I'll just start by saying that the staff is super friendly!! The menu on the board is directly to the point.  Once you order...you can see how it's made..all fresh ingredients.  They offer a vast variety of drinks including the local brew. I'd love for you to take my word for it...but you must try it for yourself!! Two thumbs up from me!!Staying around the corner for a business trip. Been here twice in three days and didn't disappoint either time! The cheesesteaks are awesome and the portions are huge!Pretty good cheese steak place. The place has great offerings, hot sides, boozy milkshakes, in a good location. 
Went here about fifteen minutes before close to order a sandwich. Got a pretty normal cheese steak: American cheese, grilled onions, peppers, with a side of fries. 
It was pretty good, hits all the good classic flavors. It was big, but starting to fall apart so by the second half of the sandwich the hinge was soaked and broke apart. 
Fries were a bit lackluster, but it was end of day so I'm not surprised since quality tends to drop outside of peak hours. Also slightly on the more pricey side, but it's a popular area so to be expected and you get a lot of food.The staff was very friendly and nice regaurdless of the fact that they were getting ready to close. I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwhich which was very flavorful and tasty. I would easily reccomend this to anyone who is looking for a good sandwhich.Hands down the most amazing cheesesteaks everrrrr!!! #1 Rule when visiting Philly is to eat a Philly cheesesteak...and so I did...for breakfast lunch and dinner...and I brought home a cheese steak for each one of my beloved family members, that's how awesome the cheesesteaks are from this particular cheesesteak joint...try the original, try the barbeque, make your own...either way, their cheese steak meat is off the charts...cheesesteaks will never be the same again to me outside of philly, I'll definitely have to go back again...best cheesesteak I've ever eaten in my life!!!!Okay. I know it's generally considered fairly gross. And I'm not thrilled to admit this. But when it comes to a cheesesteak, I like it covered in mayo and lettuce. Ya know, a cheesesteak hoagie. Without onions. Never onions! Eek.
Fortunately Cleavers now exists to appease people like me. They have a crapton of interesting combos you don't generally see at the traditional spots around town. And if you don't eat steak, that's fine too. There's grilled chicken, chicken cutlet, salad, and vegetarian options.
I came here twice over the weekend -- first ordering the cheesesteak hoagie without onions or tomatoes, and second for the CBR chicken cutlet. I wasn't able to finish more than half of my sandwich either time.
Know that these things are huge, which makes them totally worth the price. You order at the counter and then, if eating in, you can head upstairs with your number. It doesn't take long for food to arrive.
I preferred the steak to the chicken sandwich. When I had the steak, the flavors were well-rounded and you could taste each ingredient with every bite. As for the chicken sandwich, I really could only taste...ranch dressing. The thing was drenched in it. Otherwise the chicken was tasty too (and the thick bacon!), but definitely a handful to eat with the dressing constantly flowing out. If I order it in the future, I'll definitely say light on the dressing.
Your (21+) order isn't complete here without a boozy milkshake. I chose the strawberry one, which I believe came with vodka mixed in. I'm not too keen on hard liquor, but you could hardly tell it even had anything in it! Seriously delicious.
They also have a bunch of beers, which should be a huge appeal too.
Service has been fair so far. The first time they doted on my friend who was a return customer and then blankly stared at me, but whatever. They'll just have to get to know me too, because I'm nowhere near done exploring their menu!The review is for my experience at Cleavers and not the food alone. Home to one of the best cheese steaks I have had in my life and I highly recommend the waffle fries as the side of choice. The vegetarian food is a bit disappointing, a bland and carelessly prepared. Had trouble finding space to sit initially, made harder by the unhelpful staff. The overall experience was tarnished by the unfriendly demeanor of the others who where eating there. I guess Cleavers is where the grumpy folk hang out. In short, the food was good, but the overall experience wasn't a great one.The cheesesteak was amazing, service was great and seating area was nice. You get what you paid for and the quantities are big which is a plus! Great place to try cheesesteak in Philly!Loved it! In town for a wedding and needed a quick place to eat. Great prices for great food! The portions were very considerable, too.Nice restaurant. Steak sandwich was delicious!! Great serviceYou can't go wrong with anything you get from here with one exception: if you order the effin hot make sure you do not get it on a wrap. I made this  mistake one night and it was a disaster. I couldn't taste anything because of how spicy it was. I got it on bread the following time and it was great, the bread helps soak up some of the heat and distributes it evenly. 
Whether delivery or in house, sandwiches are made as ordered, hot, and delicious. Oh, & be sure to try their white cheese sauce!Philly cheesesteak sandwiches was great, very fresh and tasty. The cheese pastry patties was great and the fries were nice and crispy, will definitely go back.Nice concept with the sandwich/cheesesteak and beer selection setup.  Unfortunately cheesesteak did not measure up all that well against Philly's better cheesesteak options.We were in the city for a day and ran into Cleaver's. We were in the mood for some cheesesteak (why not?) and this place hit the spot! Sure, it could be a bit pricey, but for the price.. It sure is delicious! Love the decor and the seating area upstairs. We went while they weren't as busy and the food came out quick. Will definitely keep this page and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good cheesesteak place in Philly!Decided to skip the long lines at the well known Pat or Genos and gave this place a try for philly cheese steaks while visiting Philly. Thoroughly satisfied with The Block cheesesteak I got. It had ribeye steak, provolone, mushroom, onion  and bell pepper. Everything about the sandwich was amazing. The cheese is all melted in with the meat and the bread was nice and soft. After reading yelp reviews about how bad the meat quality is at Pat or Genos I'm so glad we ate at this fantastic place.my first cheesesteak ever! soooo good! yah, it's fancy cheesesteaks but whatever! they're delicious. and their portions are huge! 
they just opened and my boss tried them for lunch today. she enjoyed it so a coworker and i decided to stop by after work to pick up dinner. the interior is cute and the staff was friendly. i ended up ordering the effin hot steak because i enjoy spicy stuff and a side order of their sweet potato fries...yahhhh nom nom nom 
they also have a good selection of beers you can enjoy there or take out! ballast point, goose island, kona, lagunitas, guinness...those are all i can remember but they have a good variety. 
the only thing i would fix maybe, i ordered my food to-go so when i got home, my sweet potato fries were a little soggy. i still ate them though. also, because their portions are large, it was awkward carrying the food all the way home. i would have appreciated a better carry-out bag. 
anyways, i will def be stopping in to this place again!Excellent classic Philly cheesesteak and many other menu options in that genre including chicken mixes. Incredible beer prices and variety! Kids loved the milkshakes. Great location, awesome value! Super clean, very friendly staff.This place is amazing.  Friendly staff, clean as a whistle, plenty of seating, huge delicious portions.
It's basically a cheesesteak joint that is fully customizable.  Think chipotle but for cheesesteaks.  Tons of toppings, cheeses, etc.  Almost too many options!
I had the ranch bacon chicken.  Son had the bacon BBQ steak.  Husband had one of the vegetarian options.  
He didn't live the veggie option but he blames himself.  He mixed a few too many veggies and cheese.  That's his fault!
I loved mine and so did our son.
Took half of each sandwich home and shad with friends who devoured it.
Waffle fries were yummy too!
Like I said - super patient, friendly and clean.  Plenty of seating on second floor.Amazing Cheesesteaks! Best food in Philly. Huge portions not too pricy either. 10/10 would come back. Husband is now addicted to themBEST CHEESESTEAKS IN PHILLY
don't waste time and money at pays or genos
Cleavers loads their rolls with meat and cheese. Good service, clean and they sell beer. 
Get the seeded roll and ask to have it scooped for a better meat to bread ratio.We drove by and decided to try cheesesteaks here. I originally was planning to go to Geno's or Pat's again but was turned off by the decline in ratings over the years. We ordered two cheesesteaks (one with cheez whiz and one with provolone). We also ordered waffle fries with white cheddar and chicken fingers for the kids. Surprisingly I was more satisfied with the chicken fingers than the cheesesteaks. I was turned off by having to pay 60 cents to get banana peppers on the side whereas it would have been free if I added it to the cheesesteak. Don't get me wrong, they were good but it didn't wow me the way Geno's and Pat's did. Maybe I will have to go back to one of those and just deal with the poor service.Oh man. This place. PRAISE HANDS EMOJI. Let's start with their fries- heavenly. They have the perfect crunch for waffle fries- there was not a soggy fry in my order! I've ordered the garlic Parmesan fries here and also the waffle fries with cheese sauce... oh wow. Highly recommend BOTH! 
My husband and I split a cheesesteak, nothing fancy, just the cheesesteak with American and fried onions. It was pretty. freaking. great. The meat had a little bit of a kick to it (my husband didn't like that as much as I did), and the bread is like the epitome of what cheesesteak bread should be. The portion is HUGE. We split 1 cheesesteak and cheese fries and I was STUFFED. If you're not starving, plan to save some for later or share. 
I want to try everything on their menu, but I don't know how I'm going to stay away from that cheesesteak.If you are looking for authentic Philly Cheese Steak this is not the place!  They serve the same kind of cheese steak you can get in any city in the country.  Think in terms if Subway, Jersey Mike's, Jimmy Johns, Lenny's or any other franchise sandwich shop and you have Cleavers I was extremely disappointed as Yelp showed this to be the #1 rated  Cheese Steak Shop in the vicinity of our B&B.  The meat on my sandwich was dry and under seasoned.  There was very little cheese on the sandwich and I the bread tasted like it came off the day old rake at Kroger's.  I've had Pat's, Geno's, Rick's and Tony Luca's and all are 100 times better that Cleavers!Do yourself a favor and go some place else.First time to Philly and so we had to have a cheesesteak!  Well, it wasn't authentic as one in our group was a vegetarian and the other two do not eat red meat, so we had two chicken cheesesteaks and one portobello mushroom.  I can hear the resounding groans from the purists, and I have to agree.  I never realized how Californian I was until I was on the East Coast.  
Our travel companion loved her portobello mushroom and us two cheesechicken eaters were just Meh about our sandwich.  I didn't find it very flavorful.  But, when in Rome...........Service was amazing, food came out very quick.  Just was not a very big fan of their standard cheesesteak.  Seemed quite dry and the bread was a little harder than expected.  Might give them another try sometime but with so many other great options I felt this one left me a little short.I got the Cleaver. It was really good and huge! There's a really good selection of food. They even have a good selection of craft beer!AMAZING!!!! That's literally describes it...was done just right with the amount of cheese, meat and softness of the roll! Would definitely recommendWent here for the first time yesterday and I must say, they make a really good cheese steak.  There's lots of selections and variations certain to please everyone even vegetarians.  I will definitely be returning!I ordered food last week and walked in to a large bald heavyset employee screaming at a an older customer standing there silently with a shocked look on his face. I wasn't there from the beginning so I don't know what happened to lead up to this, but from what I could gather it had something to do with the customer asking for fewer pickles on his sandwich. Regardless of what the situation was, there is no absolutely no reason for an employee to be screaming at a customer the way this employee was berating this man, but the fact that it was over pickles makes it even worse.
The food is pretty good here, but this isn't the first unpleasant experience I've had with the employees there, and there is enough good food in the area to keep me from eating there again until they are able to hire some employee with basic manners.I am in the process of polishing off my first ever Cleavers cheesesteak. I wanted to try the "effin hot" but in the end I chose to be a bit more minimalist and opted for a ribeye steak on a seeded roll with mild provolone cheese and long hots. All of the ingredients clearly were fresh and of a high quality. I also appreciated that they put the cheese on the bottom to act as a moisture barrier to protect the soft roll, as mine was a to-go order. Verdict: My sandwich was fantastic and someone really is going to have to beat me away with a stick so I don't eat at Cleavers for dinner every night of the week. I can't wait to come back to try the effin hot.Came to Philadelphia with my family and stayed in Center City where we parked our car for the weekend and leveraged public transportation to the zoo and aquarium.  I had to have a cheesesteak so I searched for places in my vicinity and came across Cleavers.  It wasn't one of the "staples" but the reviews looked good.  I was happy with the choice and as you can see in the picture the cheesesteak was huge and tasted great!  I would come back here again.Located in Center City on 18th this is a good spot for a big sandwich. My lady and I split The Block and enjoyed every bite. The bread was just right for a sandwich, not too crispy not too chewy. The beef flavorful and not greasy, but the provolone took it away. 
The decor is clean making for little atmosphere so just plan to drop in for a good meal and dip out.
They have an impressive selection of bottled beers that I feel I should mention. Also we came in a little after 11am on a Saturday and there was no wait whatsoever.this place was solid - really good cheesesteak and a root beer float with real ice cream, which is the way to my heart, really.  Cheesesteak was huge!
my ONLY complaint is that my bun (whiz wit, if you're keeping track) got pretty soggy by the time it made it upstairs which meant that half the meat fell out when I picked it up.  But it's a minor one, and I still managed to get a good deal of meat in my face.So good. Visiting the city and had to get a cheesesteak before leaving, and this is definitely the place for it. A little more expensive than most sandwich shops, but you really get what you pay for.After countless recommendations to either Pat's, Jim's or Geno's, we opt to the less mentioned and suggested cheesesteak joint in downtown Philly. We found this place on yelp, it was just blocks from our hotel and decided to give it a try...we were definitely not disappointed! Ordered The Block and the Effin Hot Steak..great portions, too much actually but not mad about that at all.. come before lunch rush!Best cheesesteak I have ever had. Love the fried mozzarella as well! Always a must go to when I'm in Philly.Solid Spot for a Cheese steak in Downtown Philly. If you don't want to wait in super long lines or have to Uber/Drive to a different part of time for (Pats, Geno's and Jim's) Cleavers is the way to go. 
Highlights:
- Fast casual place with plenty of seating upstairs which is great
- Lots of varieties of Cheese steaks available with all the cheeses (wiz, provolone, american etc)
- Most cheese steaks are $9-$11 which is fair since it's pretty big
- Service was friendly and quick
- Large beer menu and Coke Magic Machine
Overall, if you are looking pop in to get a solid cheese steak, this is a great option for lunch, afternoon snack etc.This place was recommended to me by a co-worker as they raved about the Philly Cheese Steaks here and I have to say they aren't good (as Tony the Tiger says) they're GREAT.Pretty decent cheesesteaks! The only thing I didn't like was that I felt it was kind of dry, but the first time I had gone, it wasnt an issue at all--might have just been an off night. Overall, clean place and good food! I was surprised at their beer selection as well!Thank goodness for Yelp! The "guy" at the hotel front desk recommended Steve's Prince of Steak. The pictures and reviews were not-all-that-great  and I wanted to have an out-of-this-world Philly Cheesesteak experience.
Cleavers made me one happy lady! Walked up to place my order and asked for the "Philly Cheesesteak" experience. The cashier said "say no more" and ordered the cheesesteak on seeded bread with cheese wiz and fried onions. He also suggested the waffle fries with white cheddar- which I went with-duh! And within 5 minutes I had the best tasting, savory, and juicy cheesesteak ever. Seriously will be craving this place in SF....
The seating area upstairs is super hip, urban and spacious. There No Bull here, just fresh beef! 
Yum yum yum! Don't pass up on this place .The attitude of the servers at the counter are so bad and the flavor of the cheesetake is very plain.The best cheesesteak I've had! They always say you've never a cheesesteak until you've come to Philly. A friend and I came to Cleavers after Made in America and it was very good. The restaurant was clean, staff was friendly and informative. Didn't wait long after ordering but we did show up before they closed. If I ever come back to Philly I will make have to stop here to get another and will recommend to any friends and family when they go as well.When you're visiting from out of town and don't want to pay cab fare  to visit the iconic cheesesteak joints (that only have 2 and 3 stars) and Cleaver's (4 1/2 stars) is a short walk from your hotel- well it's an easy choice. And an excellent choice, too. 
I've been to the "King of Steaks" and wasn't terribly impressed. Cleaver's is impressive. Huge serving of steak, good, soft onions (could use a few more). Don't let the trendy vibe and youngsters working the grill fool you. They know what they're doing. 
Four stars - a great cheesesteak still can't beat a good roast pork sandwich.I wasn't sure about a cheesesteak out of South Philly, but DAM Cleavers did its thing... I broke tradition from the the regular wit onions and pro; decide to build my own... steak, wit onions, sharp pro and sautéed spinach ‼
Great place, Great service and GREAT food‼Love this place, wish I worked in the city, I would go here for lunch all the time!Best sandwich and steak fries ever... lots of food, my order was enough food for two, very generous portions. Can't hardly wait to take my family there.Best Philly Cheesesteak I've ever had. The black and white milkshake was also fantastic.  My arteries are probably angry, but my tastes buds and tummy....Oh so happy!Rittenhouse is a fantastic area of Philadelphia, but one thing it has been lacking are quality sandwich shops. Cleaver's is a pretty new shop right across the street from Di Bruno's in Rittenhouse. One thing that really caught my attention was that the place was absolutely spotless! I have rarely seen any restaurant so clean. They have a great beer selection, but just a heads up, it's all bottles, no taps. Also, they are way cheaper than Foodery which is always a plus. The food is fantastic! Definitely a fan!This place was amazing! I found it on yelp when I got to town and it was within walking distance of Rittenhouse Square. I got the Effin Hot and it was sooo good! I actually visited this place once more before I left. The sandwich was huge and a great deal for the price. If you're in this area I totally recommend this place. If I'm ever back in this area I know I'll be back!I loooovvvvvveeee a good cheesesteak! The selections were great and the fries were delicious! I almost order the 'effin hot steak', it has been he perfect amount of hot with a perfect amount of steak! Would come here everyday if I can!As a cheesesteak guy....take it from me...check this place out now!
Lots of great selections of beers and really friendly people!
I hope this place continues to succeed!Not a great experience at all. Not helpful through the process. I just want a great cheesesteak. The amount of cheese was poor. At first I questioned to myself and checked the receipt to make sure I ordered my steak with cheese. Will not go back.This was our first time in Philadelphia.  An employee at the Westin recommended Cleaver's.  I have to say, Cleaver's did not disappoint.  We ordered the Cleaver and added onions.  It was delicious.  The meat had great flavor and tenderness, and  the cheese and onions made it perfect!  The employees were friendly and we were impressed with our whole dining experience.  Great atmosphere and great food!  If you are looking for a great cheesesteak go to Cleaver's!A make your own Philly cheesesteak! Nothing wrong w that! I must say I love everything about this joint! Great food and flavors, service, portions, and so many options for beverages, sandwiches, wraps etc. Definitely worth checking out!First off, I would like congratulate them on resisting spelling their name with a "k". A lady with a broom on the street that overheard us arguing about where to get sandwiches told us to go here. Yes, it was pricey for cheese steaks, but really there were several perks. My friends enjoyed their alcoholic floats. I was also  told to tell you that the garlic fries are very garlicky and linger for at least eight hours so maybe don't eat them on a date. The sweet potato waffle fries I got were completely unnecessary and unsalted and reminded me of Alexia brand from the superstore, but I liked that they accepted my desire for ketchup, mustard, bbq sauce and mayo without an eye blink. The fried pickles were very hot but also crunchy fun. The wall art as dedicated to Philly, but it was the most ironically generic cow I have seen in years. On the plus side there was ample seating upstairs with an industrial vibe and a spiral staircase that I assume led to a third level. There are worse places to eat, try and embrace the hipster vibe if you end up here.Good food. The waffle fries are excellent. Of course that's is Philly the cheesesteaks great. Service was pretty quick seating is located upstairs staff is friendly.This was a pretty awesome cheesesteak I must say. I am pretty loyal to Jim's or Tony Luke's but this was very good. It also didn't have a line or attitude which is always a plus in my book.
I came in for an early lunch so there were only a couple people there but it was quick and easy and I was greeted right away and handed a menu. I went with the basics to test their cheesesteak chops, cheesesteak, wiz wit (wiz and onions). They don't use amoroso rolls but, the bread was still solid. The sandwich was huge and plentiful, but being a glutton I also ordered waffle fries. Word to the wise, you can split an order of these with someone, it was a ton of food! The cheesesteak was very good and they didn't skimp on wiz at all which I love. I enjoyed it, so much I ate the whole thing. No way was I polishing off those fries though.
The place is clean, service friendly and food on point. I would definitely come back here for a basic cheesesteak and to probably try some of their other creations.It's definitely a Rittenhouse cheesesteak place. 
There's no metal awning or outdoor seating; there's a loft. The beer list is more extensive than some bars'. The cheesesteaks have names. THEY HAVE MILKSHAKES. 
They aren't bad things in any way. I like craft-y-ish beer. I like milkshakes. But it made the place more of a fast-casual restaurant than a cheesesteak joint. 
Preconceived notions aside, they made a great cheesesteak. I ordered the zinger (sharp/long hots) and a Lagunitas (because it's Rittenhouse). Honestly, it was really good. Like good enough to ignore the fact I was eating in a loft.When in the Rittenhouse area, I feel this place is a must. Love the steak. I get mine with whiz, mayo, onions, and hot pepper relish. Also, really love the loaded bacon cheese fries. Have visited around five times now and each time the quality and taste has been consistent. Staff is very friendly. Further, there is a large sitting area upstairs so it is easy to eat in and just relax in a comfortable environment. So glad I walked in to Cleaver's for the first time last year; like I said it is a staple on my visits to the Philly area.The good yelp scores drew me in here looking for a center city lunch spot.  Went to the counter and asked what they recommended and they stated that one of their hot steaks is a popular seller.  It's a cheesesteak with slices of cherry peppers, fried onion, American and a creamy sirachi Sauce.  You can pick between seeded or unseeded role.  Really a great steak which four stars, it's just really tough to crack the 5 star benchmark of Dellasndros.The best chicken cheesesteak I have ever had by far. I have never ever tasted such tender chicken, it literally melted in my mouth. The warm gooey cheese mixed with the mayo and then the amazing chicken and fried onions on such a fresh roll all i can say is wow. Freakin amazing ...I will be raving about this for months.. absolutely delicious..!!!If you're in the area, you HAVE to try this place. Just had "The Block" cheesesteak. It was packed with content. Cheese was melted to perfection. Loaded with delicious ribeye steak. Fairly priced with what you get in both quantity and quality. PLUS you can have a beer with your delicious food! Just go. You won't regret itCheesesteak hoagie was good, but really big. Should've shared with a friend. Same for the waffle fries. Next time I'll ask for a fork and knife - messy to eat.After spending almost 3 weeks in Philly, I FINALLY got around to trying a Cheesesteak! I know you have to leave Center City to find the most authentic cheesesteaks, but I just havent had the time. Popped into Cleavers for a quick lunch. I ordered the traditional cheesesteak, which had great flavor and the bread was to die for! My one complaint was that they put the cheese on the BOTTOM of the sandwich, and the bread gets soggy. By the time I got to the 2nd half, I had to basically eat it with a fork. But overall it was delicious, and I'll definitely be back!