Absolutely wonderful experience!  The food was delicious, the cocktails were on point, but I really have to focus on the customer service aspect here.  The most friendly and welcoming staff.  A part of dining out is the service you receive and I give this place a 12/10.  Lauren & Nicole were serving on the floor and did such a fantastic job.  I left full, happy, and can't wait to come back soon!We just enjoyed the best dinner we've had in months at this great new spot across the street from South and Green Soul. We've long been fans of Tela's, so we were excited to try Clementine's and it certainly did not disappoint.
We made a reservation on a whim last night toward the end of the rain storm, but when we showed up 45 minutes later, we found the restaurant was closed for the evening due to the inclement weather. The gentleman who greeted us was extremely friendly and apologetic, even though the mistake was very much ours for (1) having made a reservation less than an hour in advance during a rain storm and global pandemic, and (2) missing a call and voicemail informing us that the restaurant was unfortunately closed. Although we already had every intention of trying again ASAP, the man we spoke with very generously offered us a free appetizer on our next visit. Not long after, we made a reservation for tonight.
When we arrived earlier this evening, the restaurant was very much open and thriving. Nearly all of the outdoor tables were filled and remained that way throughout the duration of our stay. We started with the yellowfin tuna, which was light and delicious, and we were pleasantly surprised with a complimentary plate of burrata. I'm not sure whether the burrata will be a seasonal offering only, but the tomatoes were exceptional on this late summer evening. 
For dinner, I chose the scallops, and my fiance has the hanger steak. Both plates were excellent, and we savored every bite. We also shared a side of crushed fingerling potatoes, which have a familiar taste if you've enjoyed the breakfast potatoes at Tela's.
We initially turned down dessert, but were surprised yet again with a complimentary panna cotta served with fresh mint and berries. Though we aren't typically big dessert people and we were both already quite full, we couldn't help but finish the whole dish. It was a delightfully light and sweet ending to a lovely meal.
The drink list was more extensive than we would have guessed, and even included an orange wine that could be ordered by the bottle or glass. When things return to "normal," it's easy to picture the Clementine's bar becoming a go-to both pre- and post-shows up the street at the Met.
The only tiny snags were with timing; the table next to us received their first plate while one half of the couple was away from the table, and our entrees arrived just before the second appetizer was finished and cleared. We also at one point could have used a water refill sooner than it came, which wasn't until after we'd finished our entrees. But these things did not detract from the overall experience, and they're small kinks that I'm sure Clementine's will smooth out over time. Our server, Izzy, was very friendly and we were asked multiple times throughout the meal how things were going for us.
Clementine's, though only in its infancy now, is already the kind of place that can provide such a nice dinner experience that it elevates your entire evening. We can't wait to go back!Have driven by here a bunch of times and finally came for dinner during the time of COVID on Friday. What a fantastic experience! 
Where to start...made a reservation for 4 for outdoor seating at 8PM. Got there at about 755 and it didn't seem like there were going to be any tables opening up soon but they were very apologetic about it. Finally got seated about 15min later and again they were very sorry and actually gave us a free order of beets. We'll start with the food then. The beets were excellent and the pistachios included with them really were a nice addition. Rest of the food did not disappoint either. My favorite was probably the corn ravioli. Perfectly cooked ravioli in a delicious light buttery sauce. Corn was nice and sweet on the inside but it came served with a nice mushroom and tomato mix on top which was excellent. Also had the grilled broccoli which was surprisingly good with a delicious roasted red pepper topping. Had the salmon for our entree which was perfectly cooked. Didn't think salmon skin could be so crispy. Came on a bed of horse radish and broccoli which was also excellent. Desert was also great with pineapple upside down cake and ice cream. BUT the real standout of the meal were the cocktails. Possibly the best drinks I've had in Philly and the cocktail prices were very reasonable. Not overly complicated but delicious! 
Our server was super nice and did well joking about the noise and craziness going on on Broadway. That's probably the one downside of the experience is that if you do the outside seating you're right on Broadway which isn't the most peaceful experience as you can imagine. A couple people also biked through the tables which was irritating. Price was a bit more than we originally imagined but I think it was well worth it. Interior was very well decorated and hopefully one day soon we can check it out. 
Kudos for them to opening in the middle of the pandemic but they seem to be really knocking it out of the park. If you're looking for a nice night out check them out for sure!This spot did not disappoint!! Heard about this new place opening as I'm a frequent customer to the coffee shop Tela's in Fairmount. Sat outside because it was a beautiful night but the inside has an amazing esthetic. I look forward to more meals here during the winter season. For appetizers we got octopus, lamb chops and sweet corn ravioli. They were all incredible... the lamb chops especially! All of our dinner entrees were delicious and we even got a few vegetable sides which I'd recommend. We split a chocolate cake dessert which was the cherry on top. Amazing cocktails as well. 10/10 this place is a must try!!Came here last week for dinner with a friend. I had a really easy time getting street parking in this neighborhood, which is rare for me when I got to the city. We had a reservation and were seated right away. The ambiance of the restaurant is really nice and feels kinda loungey. We started off with the burrata. The burrata was good but tasted a little salty. Also, it didn't come with bread or anything to dip in it. I've never ordered burrata at a restaurant and had it not come with something to dip in it. They have a good sized wine and cocktail menu. I had a glass of the chardonnay. 
For my entree, I ordered the hanger steak medium rare. When it first came out, it was way too rare, almost purpley. I hate to send stuff back at restaurants but I really couldn't eat it as it was. Once it came back, it was perfect and tasted delicious. It was a good sized portion as well. For dessert, we had the chocolate brownie with peanut butter mousse. Amazing! Service was great, everything came out with perfect timing. They also seemed to be taking good covid precautions so it felt very safe. It was a little pricey but probably comparable to other restaurants in the city. Overall, we had a good experience.Spontaneously came to Philly from NYC after hearing that Leo Forneas, Clementine's executive head chef, opened up a new restaurant. It definitely did not disappoint and was phenomenal as expected.
The ambiance and service were both great; we felt like we were on vacation. We sat outdoors at one of their picnic benches with an umbrella over us for shade. The waitress was kind enough to tell us the specials and explained everything clearly and thoroughly. Overall, the service was fast (bringing us water/drinks) and the timing and spacing between drinks, appetizers, entrees, and dessert were perfect. 
My girl and I like to eat so we got 8 things (some not pictured here). We got the burrata, yellowfin tuna, corn ravioli, hanger steak, viking village scallops, heirloom carrots, grilled broccoli, and pineapple cake with vanilla ice cream. When we get a spread like this, we can usually pick a couple of things that were just mediocre but we couldn't; everything was good. If I had to pick a few dishes that stood out, it'd have to be the corn ravioli, heirloom carrots (I'd rename these crack carrots), and the scallops. The dishes are original and creative, ranging from small details to higher level touches, like adding uni vinaigrette to the yellowfin tuna. I can literally put that vinaigrette on anything and eat it. There was a level of sophistication in every dish that you'd expect from one of Leo's restaurants.
The waitress let us know that they're opening up for brunch and indoor dining (25% occupancy) next week. Exciting times! We'll definitely be coming back here.So close every time!! My boyfriend and I think the food was some of the better food we have eaten on N Broad St, but we were just left wanting. 
Antipastis were good, we got the burrata, octopus and little gem salad. Burrata was so small I'm worried they served us a restaurant week portion. Served without spoons... Octopus was tender but could have been a bit crispier. Cesar was great. 
When we were ready for a second round of drinks, we waited for 10 mins with empty glasses before being forced to order from the bar. 
For entrees, we got the salmon and hangar steak. Salmon was amazing, but the hot fish was served atop a cold relish. The steak was ordered med-rare, and delivered cold. Both entrees arrived without silverware, which we ended up watching our servers walk around the dining room for, before bringing over. 
Our server had to verbally deliver the dessert menu, which proved incredibly difficult from behind a mask and face shield combo. 
When it came time to pay the bill, our server dropped our check off before coming back 10 mins later to run a credit card table side. He also stood by on guard while we were entering a tip- strange! 
Overall, a really nice meal but the restaurant certainly has tweaks to work out. Manager was running food all night while leaving untrained employees to their own devices. Our server also seemed to be responsible for all 10 or 12 tables indoors, which seems impossible- especially in a new restaurant on a Friday! The service industry is a tough place to be these days, but I think a few improvements such as a streamlined training process for their FOH staff including standards such as plating/timing, interior lighting improvements, posting the dessert menu online and a regular 'close out' procedure could make the food experience all the more enjoyable for guests. 
Can't wait to see how they've grown on our next visit. Cheers!!I was sooooo excited about trying this place because I love Tela's Market and the food there is always good. The staff and service is superb here at Clementines and the atmosphere is great, however the chicken and waffles brunch I had was the worst I've ever tasted. The chicken was very bland and dry, and the waffle was more crunchy than I'd expected, I prefer it fluffy. The syrup wasn't any better than what I have at home and it wasn't even warm. I will probably  try Clementine's again, based on the strength of Tela's alone. However if it isn't up to snuff the second time around, won't go back and won't recommend.My husband and I came to Clementines for brunch. During covid, we've passed by this place on the way home often & hadn't gone in because.. well covid. Luckily, we decided to stop in right before the new restrictions for this next wave.
Currently they have outdoor seating with heaters close by. I'm not sure how it would be if temperatures drop below 50, but if it happens to be a nice day, I think sitting outside would be nice.
We sat inside. 
Hot chocolate: 
He ordered their hot chocolate cocktail & I got the chai. The hot chocolate comes out with marshmallows on top & they bring out a torch to brown them. Most of the alcohol sat on top & the hot chocolate did not seem to be blended evenly with the spices. The temperature could've been warmer as well. The marshmallows were a cute aesthetic touch, however, in terms of adding flavor not so much and it got in the way of drinking the hot chocolate. We were thinking maybe creating marshmallow fluff/whipped cream and then giving it a soft browning would be nicer (before serving because it was making me nervous as the waiter had a drink in one hand & a burner in the other and the marshmallow caught fire) & possibly easier to drink.
Chai:
I tend to order chai lattes at every cafe/brunch spot to see if I like it there & if I'd come back just to get it. It was on the sweeter side & not much chai or spice. I would not get it again.
The meal was delicious. We enjoyed both of our choices very much. I personally prefer potatoes cut smaller to get them even crispier, but they were nice & crispy-- went well with the soft, light omlette. The hanger steak was delicious & was seasoned well. It's a little gamey, in a good way. The salad was refreshing & paired well with both of our dishes. Overall, we enjoyed the service, ambience, & our meals. The reason for the 4 stars is because of the drinks. However, you're most likely coming here to eat, not just to drink. If I could, I would say 4.5.We were so excited to see they had delivery available so we ordered the Italian dinner for 2 for Christmas Eve. But man, what a disappointment! Everything was so salty and dry! We tried to pick at the salmon and rigatoni but it was inedible. The soup tasted like salt water with meatballs. Expectation was high from all the good reviews so maybe it was just an off night? We won't be risking it again to find out.This place is closed and has not yet updated their business operation hours, COVID is not the excuse management can make updates online.I visited a Clementines Stable Cafe during restaurant week fall 2020. The food was outstanding! The service was incredible! This was the first restaurant that I dined indoor since Covid and the indoor dining was allowed in Philadelphia, I believe that they did a fabulous job following the guidelines and social distancing. 
We were greeted by warm hostesses and allowed to sit at our table a little bit earlier than our reservation the wine was amazing and they gave us plenty plenty of time to look over the menu to make a restaurant week choices. 
This is my first time ever at this restaurant so I was taking a look at the atmosphere and all of the tables etc. when the manager came over just to see how we were doing, which I find to be an asset to their customer service especially studying the industry. He was very friendly and made sure that we were comfortable and have everything that we needed. 
As the night progressed we were not disappointed with anything that the restaurant had to offer! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anybody who is in the mood for a nice dinner with some friends!
For my dinner I had the octopus, gnocchi, and some grilled broccoli followed by a delicious dessert of panacVery friendly staff. Their decor and overall vibe are great! The food was fine-- nothing too special. I am excited to try their dinner because we went for breakfast and ordered standard fair. Some of their dinner options look awesome though! When I questioned about an error in my order, it was quickly rectified. They are doing everything they can to make the experience enjoyable even during these weird times. They have outdoor heaters which help a lot. 
When the world normalizes, this will definitely be a go-to cocktail and app, or coffee spot for me. I am so happy to see such a great spot on Broad street. It is exactly what that section of the city needs.As big fans of Tela's, we had to try Clementine's. We were surprised to see it was a more formal dining spot with a much bigger space - but were not disappointed. The ambiance and styling of their dining room is awesome. But, the food and knowledge of the servers was top notch. We got 3 course meals - both salads were perfect. Every piece of lettuce had equal balance of dressing and topping. We got the pork chop and scallops for dinner, both impeccably cooked. Then we got the pineapple upside down and peanut butter brownie dessert - both were the perfect blend of taste and portion to cap the night. We can't wait to go back and take advantage of the outdoor seating!
Ps: indoor dining felt super safe amidst COVID, zero complaints.Pancakes and chicken and waffles slapped  Coffee delicious 
Cocktails perfect
Service friendly and laid backRestaurant week review. $32 for a 3 course meal with a choice of an appetizer or Salad, an Entree and dessert. I came with a friend and everything was served family style so we were able to try a good portion of their menu.
I have to say first off since it was cold we opted to sit inside and social distancing measures they took were great. Every party was pretty spaced apart and they kept the doors open to help with ventilation. They also play music in and outside the restaurant which was nice, but it was a bit hard to hear our servers once you enter the restaurant. QR menus are provided, but for some reason they weren't working on both mine and my friends phones so they provided the paper menus for us. 
We ordered 2 appetizers because who wants to waste space on a salad... 
Yellowfin Tuna: The tuna was really fresh and almost melted in your mouth. 
Marinated Lamb Chop: This comes medium. The lamb was very tender, had a good char, and was topped with a delicious piri piri sauce. 
Entrees... (time between the appetizer and entree was a bit long)
Hanger Steak: Sometimes when I order medium rare it comes out rare and too bloody. I appreciated that this was a true medium rare cooked steak and it was charred to perfection adding great flavor.  
Viking Village Scallop: So... we noticed we only got 3 scallops. Apparently my friend mentioned it later that all the other yelp photos pictured 4 on them. We figured maybe for restaurant week the portions were smaller? Unsure. The scallops had a nice crispy sear on them and came with a carrot curry sauce. And I'm a fan of carrot curry. Wish we had 4 scallops this dish was yummy. 
Desserts:
Vanilla Panna Cotta with fruit: My friend never had a panna cotta before and this was her favorite. Really creamy texture and a light sweetness. 
Chocolate brownie topped peanut butter mousse and a side of chocolate ice cream: I thought the brownie was a bit too dense almost had a little bit of a fudge texture? The brownie had a thick layer of the peanut butter mousse which was light and paired well with the brownie.Wonderful outdoor space on broad street, and a great big indoor space. The chicken and waffles was nice and crispy. I highly recommend!The food and drinks here are amazing- the menu was creative and fresh. Our group got most things of the things on the menu but the standouts were definitely the octopus, lamb shank, any drink (but especially murder hornet) and grilled broccoli. 
Really doing it's best considering the whole Covid situation- even accommodating us inside after it started to downpour. Can't wait to try breakfast or the bar there when the quarantine is truly over.I don't know where to start. We came here for restaurant week. If you are unaware, each person pays $35 and gets an app, an entree, and dessert. Usually. I came with 2 friends and were told that we'd have to split 2 apps and 2 entrees. We were confused because that takes away the entire point of restaurant week so I asked the waiter about portion sizes and I was told that we would get enough to share. We started with apps which were amazing. We got the oysters which were super fresh but definitely not worth $17 for 6 oysters at normal price. The mussels were divine. You got a big portion and in hindsight that's what we all wish we ordered alone. For entrees we got the scallops, the hanger steaks, and short rib (extra $27). 2 scallops each was supposed to be enough for each of us. We got 2 pieces of hanger steak that we ordered medium but tasted well done. The saving grace was the short rib. It was great but not enough. For dessert we got no options and received 2 chocolate mousses. One of my friends does not like chocolate so it's unfortunate that she was unable to choose a dessert (we also were not asked about eating limitations). The mousse was tasty but not enough to save the meal.  
In conclusion, I'd say don't eat here. It's overpriced and the quality is mediocre at best. They tried the run around on restaurant week and instead of the $35 we expected, we paid $70 each. I won't be returning.Great new spot! Everyone was so nice and service was great! The food was really killer. Caesar salad, lamb chops and pork chops are the standout. Everyone is being great with Covid-19 precautions and made me feel safe and excited to be out to eat again!Was here on a random Saturday for a pretty late lunch (Brunch menu) at 3pm . I think we were the last table seated and completely alone. This was prior to the indoor dining reopening in the beginning of September 2020, and we had a nice table with an umbrella outside. I peaked indoor and what an adorable space! I would love to try sitting there. Seems the restaurant combines a coffee shop with the restaurant. 
Despite being the only table there, our food took a pretty long time to come out. Maybe 35 minutes. We were all starving actually, so that was pretty annoying. The food was very good. I had the chicken Pillard (a nice healthy dish). The chicken, while pretty good, was not very exciting. At the end of the day it's just a thinly pounded chicken breast. The lemony fingerling potatoes that came with the chicken were amazing. I've tried to recreate at home. I think the quality of the potato was high. 
I did try a bite of my husband and son's crispy chicken sandwich. Very good. 
My daughter had the chicken and waffles. Also very good. The crisp on the chicken was audible when you bite into it. Very nice crunch. With that said, inside was a pretty hard and flavorless breast portion. Slightly disanointed in that. The preserve that came with the waffles were to die for. I would have bought a jar of it, if available. 
Overall, a few hiccups, but highly recommend.Food and service was very mediocre for brunch on a Sunday. We ordered the French toast and it was just 1 large slice of bread only for $13, chicken and waffles were dry, and the eggs in purgatory was just a bowl of tomato soup with toasted bread.... and finally, the pastries in the bread basket were cold, dry and were clearly not made fresh. The cheeseburger and the omelets were nothing significant, but were just alright. 
The only thing that deserved a star was the bottle service.Had a fantastic outdoor Sunday brunch for 14 family members and friends.  Shoutout to Frank for accommodating us at 3 tables and following Covid restrictions.  Food, drinks and service were all really really great.  Try it.  You won't be sorry.Found this spot just browsing for places in Philly on a weekend away. Great stop in on a Saturday evening. I made a reservation through Resy for indoor dining, although we mainly just wanted to stop in for cocktails. We were greeted warmly by the hostess and the seating areas were really cute, definitely has a rustic but classy vibe. 
We had planned to just get a few drinks but the hostess did ask us to order food, which may have been part of a policy they put into place at the start of the pandemic. Our waiter Manuel was quick and attentive. We ended up ordering a couple of cocktails and a Caesar salad. I ordered the prickly mule, which is their version of a Moscow mule. Super refreshing! The Agua del Rancho definitely has a kick to it as well. The Caesar salad was really delicious and I loved the addition of egg to it- definitely made it feel like a more substantial salad. 
Definitely were following covid restrictions with ample space between tables and barriers between when necessary. Great find!Ate at Clementines Stable Cafe during Restaurant Week. We had a reservation at 5:45 on a Thursday evening. As we arrived, we were promptly seated in a great table and had high hopes for the meal! We waited roughly 10 minutes for our waitress to initially stop by - just enough time to make us miss happy hour. When we questioned if we could still get a happy hour drink at 6:01 since we had been sitting there, she laughed and said no. Great, strike one. We ordered our drinks, wAited about 20 minutes. Ordered our food. Finally got our drinks. Waited another 30 minutes for our first appetizer to come out. Ordered another drink - waited about 20 minutes for that to find out they didn't even have the beer we ordered. Finished appetizers and waited 40 minutes for our entrees. Through all this we probably saw our waitress 2 times. We were at the restaurant for 2.5 hours - I don't mind a nice slow dinner if the food is actually worth it and coming out warm. Our food was cold and all was lacking flavor. Needless to say, I will not be returning. The restaurant had a lot of potential, but did not perform. The edible food saved this review, because if I was rating on service this would be 1 star.We came in for a birthday for restaurant week and everything was fantastic! It was my first time eating here but I'll definitely be back. The drinks and the food were fantastic, and service was nice and attentive. 
blue bay mussels: 3.5/5 super fresh and sweet but under salted
hamachi crudo: 5/5 super fresh and melt in the mouth, said "oh my god" the second we ate it
summer greens: 5/5 surprised by how perfectly balanced and good this was 
fried chicken: 5/5 crunchy and tender, well seasoned
hanger steak: 4/5 perfect medium rare, a little difficult to cut and chew 
potatoes: 5/5 perfect crispDon't come here for at least six months. It shows a lot of promise, however they can't handle a crowd right now. My hanger steak had no seasoning. Took me 30 minutes to get a martini. My wife did not get her salmon    entree until I was finished my entree. We canceled her entree. Our appetizer was served to us without utensils or water glasses. No flavor on any food. Side of broccolini was ice cold. Skip this place for now. One of our worst experiences in Philly. We are natives.Came to visit Philly for a day trip and now this restaurant will be my go-to-place for dinner. First, the service was impeccable. Eventhough the restaurant was busy, the waistress came to check up on us and was super friendly. Food and drinks came out quickly and were cleared promptly. Usually when I go to restaurants, I have some dishes I enjoyed more than others but nothing was disappointing from appetizer all the way to dessert. Everything tasted fresh and was well seasoned. The entire dinner experience was amazing! Definitely recommend.Pretty solid place. The food and atmosphere was really quaint and cozy. My friends and I had a good time overall. The food was good and the staff we're generally accommodating for any questions or requests we had. 
The food is a la carte, so if you're really hungry I would suggest ordering some appetizers or sides because the entrees can be a little small. I order d the steak and felt i could've eaten three more. 
It's a nice place and great for dates or catch up with friends.Had a lovely brunch indoors which was social distance friendly (ironic, I know)! The "I'll have what's she's having" was a delicious gin-based pear cocktail. The cocktail lives up to its name, as my friend ended up ordering "I'll have what she's having." For brunch I had the egg sandwich and was in love with the pillowy brioche which paired well with the fluffy eggs. I added some chives and Parmesan and went with the turkey bacon (this was perfectly cooked). The sandwich was a bit dry but hot sauce did the trick. My friend got the eggs Benedict and gave it an 8/10. 
I appreciated the space between the tables and the barriers between high top tables. The inside space is cozy with couches or casual with bar table seating and there is an area for takeout coffee and pastries, which I want to come back for!First, I will start with the service. The service was great!! The host/manager could not have been more accommodating and was checking in on us throughout the night. Our server was very nice as well. 
Drinks: Good! Not very strong, but not too weak either. I like a strong drink and usually like to taste the alcohol in my drink a little, and I definitely could ~ever so slightly~ taste it in these drinks, so I was happy. I got the Finca Vigia, and my friend got the At The Grave of The Forgotten which I tasted, and I liked both! My other friends got the Hornet and a glass of Syrah but I did not try those, but everyone seemed to like them.
Now I will get to the food: We were a party of 6 here for a birthday, so we tried MANY menu items! I'd say the two best things we got were 1) the corn ravioli (amazing, I could drink the sauce, wish I just got 2 orders of this) and the 2) the octopus (my friend LOVES octopus and orders it everywhere she goes and said this was the best she's ever had). The other things that were well liked were the heirloom carrots, burrata (not the most amazing/special burrata I've ever had but you can't really go wrong with burrata either way) and the gnocchi. We also got the beets, and I typically LOVE beets but I didn't love these. They were fine but again lacked flavor and were nothing special. As for the fish... I got the salmon as my entree after the server talked it UP and made it sound absolutely amazing, and my friend got the tuna app. Neither of us were impressed. My friend said she thought the tuna had a bit of a weird flavor. As for the salmon, it was overcooked, tasted quite gamey, and I honestly feel like I make a better salmon at my apartment. I also didn't love the side it was served with (some kind of finely chopped broccoli/bell pepper/horseradish salad that was eh not great). The salmon was my least favorite thing that I ate. 
Desserts: since it was our friend's birthday, we tried all 3 desserts which were a pineapple upside down cake thing with ice cream, a chocolate cake thing with PB chocolate ice cream, and a panna cotta with berries. The best of the 3 was BY FAR the pineapple cake (everyone agreed). The panna cotta was pretty good and I think the second favorite all around. It was vanilla-y and light and bright with fresh berries. The chocolate cake was not great. Dry, lacking flavor big time, meh. 
Overall, this restaurant is definitely good and worthy of 4 stars, and I'd like to go back in the future! It has a great ambiance, great outdoor seating with HUGE umbrellas that can keep your party *mostly* dry in a light drizzle (depending on which side of the table you're sitting on), and great service. But there were a few menu items that were just not anything special and that should definitely be improved upon.Went for restaurant week today and absolutely loved the food. The drinks and food were amazing, we had the hamachi crudo, grilled octopus, feta salad, hanger steak, salmon, and roasted mushrooms and they were all delicious. Finished off the meal with a slice of chocolate cake that was amazing. Highly recommend coming, especially during restaurant week if you want to try a bunch of different things. Side note, their service was amazing as well and I left my purse at the restaurant but they called me before I had even noticed. Will definitely be back!Disclaimer it is more like a 3.75! Again I went for brunch so I need to go back for diner to give it a clear rating. Clementines is a new restaurant right on broad street which actually opened during Covid. They have a variety of options on the menu, but nothing super creative. After being stuck between hanger steak or chicken and waffles, someone passed by with the chicken and waffles and it made my decision for me. French toast is served with carmelized apples and whipped cream. Chicken & Waffles has coconut and whipped cream. The burger, which was actually my favorite, was complete with a Russian dressing. I liked the chicken and waffles, it was served with actual chicken pieces and not tenders how some places catfish you with. The waffle was a bit dry. The pancakes are very bland and nothing really memorable about them. I think the menu is pretty simple and they are new so it may get more intricate over time. I'm going to go back and try it again for dinner to give an updated rating. I definitely see the potential and I did enjoy my overall experience there.I can't believe this restaurant opened up during the pandemic, but after visiting, I'm very happy to have it as a new addition to the neighborhood.
Had a 9p reservation on a Friday night for outdoor seating and except for the motorcyclists that would drive by in packs every 5-10 mins, the ambiance, the food, and the COVID precautions were top notch.
Food:
For starters, we ordered the burrata and the marinated lamb chop which were both phenomenal, especially the lamp chop. The lamb chop came out looking more like a bratwurst than a typical lamb chop, which was unexpected, but the taste was on point. It was much better than any other lamp chop I've ever had. The burrata was also very good; the cheese melted in our mouths and the baguette was the perfect level of crispy.
For entree, we ordered the Jail Island Salmon and the Ribeye. We had high expectations after the starters and the salmon and ribeye both did not disappoint.
For dessert, we had a pineapple tart with vanilla ice cream and a chocolate cake/brownie with chocolate ice cream. Both were good, but the starters and entree were much better (still not a reason to drop a star).
For drinks we got the Murder Hornet which was very refreshing!
I would recommend this to anyone who lives in Philly or is stopping by and wants a great mealReally great new spot in the neighborhood. We went for brunch and got Steak&eggs and Eggs Benedict. Everything was cooked flawlessly. Excellent pastries too. Cocktails are unique flavors and very well balanced. I was impressed!! Will definitely be back. Super friendly staff and nice ambience. Really nice new addition to the neighborhood.We came for the drinks (which are good), and plan to come back for the tasting menu. The service is also great and they have plenty of outdoor seating.My friends and I went here for restaurant week Jan 2022 for dinner and it's pretty good! We always drove by and saw how pretty the outside looked, but the inside is cute as well! For restaurant week they only let us agree on one of each course for our entire table of 9 so that part was a bit difficult, but overall we worked something out. Now lets review the dishes:
East Coast Oysters: 4/5
Nothing special but nothing bad by any means, just some good oysters with some typical side sauces: hot sauce, vinegar? And a cocktail sauce.
Burrata: 5/5
The burrata was very creamy as all burrata should be, the toast was perfectly cooked and the sweet apple butter went very well with it. They even gave us extra toast when we ran out. Thank you
Pears Salad: 2.5/5
I didn't know what endives were when we ordered these but they're like, a bitter celery/lettuce type texture. Too bitter for me personally. If they put less endives and more goat cheese and pears it would taste much more balanced IMO. I can see why the bitterness would make everything sweeter, but still too bitter! Its more of an endive salad than a pear salad lol
Hanger Steak: 4.5/5
The meat was perfectly cooked, moist inside with a slight crust outside, and sliced in nice bite sized pieces. And the bed of grains it was on with the mushrooms complemented it perfectly. I think the meat itself could've had more flavor/salt but not too bad.
Short Rib: 4.5/5
Same impressions as the hanger steak. The rib itself was cooked perfectly but not flavorful enough in the center, could've used more salt. The bed of stuff it was sitting on (idk what it was) with the sauce was still very tasty and complimented well!! 
Crushed fingerling potatoes: 5/5
The potatoes were crispy on the outside and soft on the side, and the garlic aioli my goodness was the beeesssttt part!! I really liked it.
Dessert: the beignets? 4/5
We didn't get to choose the dessert they just brought it out. They were yummy, chewy, coated in sugar, and it came with a caramel sauce. I personally wish a chocolate sauce and a jam sauce also came with it for more variety but thats ok. The inside also tasted more eggy than doughy but not a huge issue. 
Conclusion: 
Overall a decent restaurant, the staff was nice and the place is very cute. And the food is good! Just no endives for me hahaI can't remember when I first discovered Clementines, but I'm so glad I did because I have been here a bunch of times in the past 9 or so months and it quickly became one of our favorites.
Firstly, they always have tables available, which I chalk up to luck and location, since it's kind of on a random block on Broad. Second, they have both a great brunch and dinner. Awesome options and good prices. I have eaten here multiple times for both meals and I have been happy each time.
Overall, you can't go wrong at Clementines and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants a delicious meal in the Fairmount area.Staying in Philly for the Thanksgiving holiday and spotted the cute spot on Broad.   
There was plenty of open reservations at the dinner hour on the Saturday after Thanksgiving which should have been our first clue.   The hostess sat us and never checked on us again.  
After 15 minutes of not being served I flagged down a waiter servicing another table and asked him to let the hostess know we had not been served.   After waiting a while longer I spotted the waiter and stood to approach him.  Here is when things got weird.  When he saw me approaching he literally ducked behind a column near the bar. When I asked him where my waiter was he said she is busy. That's when we left.  The hostess was not at her station on the way out so there was no one to even give feedback to. 
Bottom line is the place looked nice.  The menu was appealing but the restaurant was being run by a group of experienced kids and is not ready for prime time.   Don't be fooledI loved the vibe and energy of this place. I went with two friends and ran into another. We ordered the buttermilk pancakes, and then got two orders of the fried chicken sandwich, one with fries and one with a salad (because healthy balance), and lastly a few rounds of the grapefruit mimosas. I really enjoyed how kind the wait staff is, and the food was pretty great. I would say the only reason I didn't get 5 stars is because of the time it took to get some of our items, and the fried chicken kind of gives more of a baked chicken vibe or maybe that is just the chefs take on it, but either I definitely recommend this place for brunch. I am very eager to go back for dinner and/or happy hour! 
I did want to add that they do have outdoor seating, as well as a bottle shop inside. So I would definitely advise checking that out.I was really excited to try this place for restaurant week after reading such great things. I made an indoor reservation weeks in advance.
When I arrived, the hostess tried to give us a table outside. After asking for an indoor table, she huffed and told us we could only sit at a high top near the bar. We sat there without contact from a server for nearly a half hour! Finally a waitress came over, but the restaurant seemed horribly understaffed.
Food was meh, definitely not worth it for the price. Same goes for the drinks. I'm not planning on returning.The food was AMAZING!  Service was impeccable (shouts out to our server Shawn!) and the ambience was great. All in all a great dining experience that I think anyone would enjoy!I've only been here for happy hours... but they have a really nice happy hour. Legitimately good wines by the glass, featured cocktails, and really great small plates. 
They're also good for larger groups (and by that, I mean 4 or 5 people) and have outdoor seating on Broad Street. 
Definitely recommend.Cute place. Friendly servers. Food mediocre. The first time I've patronized this place, my Turkey bacon  looked like Turkey ham. I asked for it to be cooked hard. The server took it back, the Turkey bacon again came back not cooked hard. The manager then comes out and explains that Turkey bacon will never be crispy. I replied sir, I would like for my Turkey bacon to be well done and slightly charred. After two tries, they got the Turkey bacon right. My second visit, my sisters crispy potatoes were cold, hard and appeared to have been recooked. I ordered the avocado toast with over medium eggs. My eggs came back hard. The nice waitress apologized and took the plate. A better waitress would have seen that it wasn't what I ordered and would have not bought it to the table. She will learn....I'm sure. The server was very kind and polite. My niece ordered chicken and waffles and the chicken was undercooked. Her meal was replaced. I still had not gotten my over medium eggs. The manager came to our table "to check on things" and see if the orders were being replaced. Oh..the Bloody Mary's are phenomenal! Be patient with this place Bc that's what you are going to need when you visit:Can't believe it took me this long to write a review. This place is solid. They opened right before Covid and I'm so glad they survived. Everything on the menu is solid. Haven't ordered a thing I didn't like.This place is an interesting concept: imagine trendy coffee shop meets dimly lit restaurant.
It took us a while to get seated but once we did, the rest of the night was wonderful.
Notes: 
- The mussel broth is more salty than kimchi but delicious nonetheless. Can skip the sides.
- If you're on a date, do the tasting menu. It's $49 per person that gets you a raw dish, a starter, a salad/veggie, two entrees, a side, and a dessert. (The porterhouse for 2 and the grilled dorade for 2 count as 1 entree!!)
Must orders: the sea scallops and hamachi crudo.One of the best meals my family and I have had in quite awhile.  We chose Clementines from a list of possible candidates for Center City Restaurant Week and very happy we did.  Everything we ordered was delicious.  Lamb chops, scallops, short rib, oysters...even the caesars salad was on point.  Definitely will be making a return trip here, Restaurant Week or not.Very appealing ambiance and decor, at least outside. I never went inside but I'm sure that was tasteful too. What wasn't tasteful was the food. Truly the worst restaurant meal I have had in years. The prices & the vibe are not indicators of quality. We had a plain tasteless piece of salmon on what appeared to be a layer of boiled, chopped celery. No flavors whatsoever. That was the entire dish. Heavy, pasty gnocchi, and one of our party was happy with the fried chicken. The waitress rolled her eyes when one of us inquired about decaf coffee with our dessert, and said they were "out". Couldn't think of a workaround, apparently. Dessert was chewy, gelatinous "panna cotta". The bill was massive. They have a great decorator, but for us the quality ended there. Not surprisingly, they had many open tables when we could not get a reservation anywhere else in the area. We learned why. Hope they get it together and thrive.This was not our first choice for dinner...but we are happy we found it. 
Everything we had was amazing. All the flavor, all the seasoning, just the right amount of food. 
Shrimp Ceviche: it wasn't tuff, wasn't cold, and the shrimp was cooked. But it was amazing. Wish I had more. 
Mussels: I am usually only a fan of white wine broth sauce, and not the red sauce. This sauce was like a blend almost and was good. The mussels melted in your mouth. 
Ceaser salad: NO SOYBEAN OIL!!! I was able to enjoy a salad without breaking out. It was interesting way to do a salad, but it was good. Small chopped eggs and small croutons. I ate it like a wrap. 
Steak: it had all the flavor. Only complaint was it wasn't hot, and we asked for medium, looked more like medium rare. 
Fried chicken: not your normal, but it was juicy, light and amazing. I didn't try the sauce, don't like spicy food. 
Dessert: Apple cobbler with pistachio ice cream. Great combination. 
Drinks were ehhh, but decent. I would get those cocktails again, just a regular drink I know I like. 
Overall, you need to go here. No questions asked and do the tasting menu.My boyfriend and I absolutely love this place for Brunch. I'm always shocked when I walk in and see empty tables: its the best breakfast in the city. My favorite thing is their fruit bowl, the fruit is incredibly fresh and always delicious. My boyfriend and I always get the stable breakfast- a classic but always delicious and a hefty portion too! Not pricey at all considering the large serving sizes! Service has always been super attentive and speedy. Love this place!Delicious spot for brunch! We have been for dinner as well.  Today for brunch we got the Cheddar Omelette and Turkey Sandwich; both were delicious! Will be returning soon.Friends and I went here for brunch over the weekend. The food was good but the service was kind of slow. We were seated outside so I wasn't able to see how busy it was outside. I'll also give concessions for the fact that we were on a bit of a time crunch. With that being said, I 100% recommend the bread basket for brunch. It was delicious.The food here is awesome. Every dish is fresh and simple, but has a ton of flavor. The lamb chops were absolutely delicious! The ambiance of the restaurant is beautiful & eclectic. I love this place and will definitely make it one of my go-to spots!Wonderful experience.  The food was excellent as was the service.  The menu offers a wide variety of chooses from small plates to entrees and a great wine and cocktail offering.  The presentation of the food was top notch.  I look forward to returning.Phenomenal service! We went here for restaurant week last week and had a reservation. They were a little behind waiting for a table to leave so we ended up waiting for a little over 30 min and Greg the manager was super nice about it and kept giving us an update. He gave us a free appetizer and our first drinks on the house which he totally didn't have to do! We sat at the bar till our table was ready with no complaints and really enjoyed the date night!We went for a lunch around 1:00.  As others stated, we waited for over 10 minutes to be asked for drinks.  We ordered coffee and lemonade.  We saw them put up on the bar in about 5 minutes but took 12 minutes before the waitress brought them over. 
We order 2 apps, a sandwich, and 3 burgers.  Each burger was different ie one with cheese, one with just lettuce and tomato and one plain with bacon.
The apps took 20 minutes and didn't have to even be cooked.  A fruit plate and a salad.  Both were good and my daughter thought the caesar  salad was the best he ever had.
Another 20 minutes, out came the burgers.  Every plate was wrong but we swapped around what we could and asked for the missing bacon.  Biting into them, they were raw inside.  The manager took them away with a promise for a quick fix.  Then brought out the sandwich.  Naturally my wife wouldn't eat while we were still waiting for our food. 
We waited another 20 minutes and just asked for our check for the apps.  Total time 1:40 minutes wasted and we went next door for some pizza.Can't believe this cute little place opened during COVID! Pretty good amount of outdoor seating, but it is located on busy Broad street so the ambience is just okay. This restaurant is from the creators of Tela's on Fairmount, so I knew it would be good! It certainly lived up to my expectations and I'll be going back!I love the food and the space. It's a great addition to fairmount and would be pretty near perfect if they had better cocktails. So, note to Clementine's:  work on the cocktails, they are just meh, and don't live up to the rest of your offerings. Thanks!What a fabulous new addition to Fairmount! The menu is filled with so many yummy, sweet and savory options that it took me a solid 10 minutes to really decide what to even get. I went with the hot roast beef sandwich but couldn't pass up documenting a photo of the fluffiest, most delicious whole wheat pancakes (with fruit). They offer reservations and outdoor seating, if you desire. One star deducted for slow service, but could just be due to covid and lack of staff. Can't wait to explore the dinner menu soon!Popped in on a Friday for a drink at the bar. Nice vibes. Loved the music (90s hip hop). Amazing service. Good wings. Get the Ambrosia Spritz. It's superb! Can't wait to come back for brunch.Great neighborhood spot. Went for a celebratory dinner (Both vaccine shots done and waiting period over. Yay). First time there and I have to say, from start to finish, this place is the real deal. The space/atmosphere is fun and inviting. The hostess/wait staff/service was pleasant and fun. Bartender made the best Tom Collins. Apps (buratta and gem Caesar) and mains (Scallops and Fried Chicken) were phenomenal. Chocolate mousse dessert was a perfect ending to a perfect meal. 
We will definitely be back to try their Sunday Brunch.Awesome spot and location. When we went there was a live band. Food is awesome as well. North broad is coming up!Straight up 3 stars. Nothing was terrible. Nothing was great. 
Flavor combinations were strange.
We started with hamachi. It was too cold, the fish was not treated right. Way too much salt. Also, why are you even putting salt on hamachi???
Next was the boar cheek. Never had it before. Sounded interesting. Tastes exactly like beef stroganoff.
Hanger steak was okay. Contrary to all the other plates, the steak was very underseasoned. Like other reviews have stated, they tend to under cook it.
Scallops and accompanying sauce were good! But you only get like 3 of them.
Mushrooms had an oddly sweet flavor.
I don't recommend any of the cocktails.I came here for restaurant week dinner on a Saturday night as a party of 3 and the place was buzzing! We had requested an outdoor table, outdoor seating is picnic tables and are limited. The indoor seating was spacious and had multiple options including couches and a bar area. Parking will have to be on surrounding streets. I would think on a busy night with something going on at the Met, finding a spot might be an issue.
For the restaurant week menu, they serve family style and you get your choice of 1 raw, 1 salad, 1 starter, 1 side and 2 entrees. They then portion it out for your party. This is a great value!
We got the shrimp ceviche for the raw course, there were 3 shrimp for our party of 3. We all agreed it needed the flavor to be punched up more.
We got the tomato watermelon feta salad and they brought out two heaping plates. It was a great balance of freshness, sweetness and saltiness. The portion size seemed in stark contrast to the shrimp course.
We got the corn agnolotti which had a cream sauce. They served two small pieces of pasta per person. This is where we started to wonder the logic behind the portion sizes, as we wished we had gotten more of the corn agnolotti and maybe less of the tomato salad. We were scraping the plate, definitely the highlight of the meal.
Entrees we chose the hanger steak and boar cavatelli. The portions were VERY GENEROUS. A large heavy plate for the steak and two heaping bowls of the pasta. The mushrooms with the hanger steak were great but we found the steak quite chewy (ordered medium rare). The pasta was perfectly bouncy, the boar meat was very tender and the sauce was simple but played well with everything else on our plates. I don't know if I would order the cavatelli as a stand-alone entree, though, as it didn't blow me away.
The broccolini that we chose for a side came out late so we were too full to eat it all but it was cooked well. Nothing too special. We tried ordering other sides but they all had possible nut contamination which didn't work with my allergy. Double check with your servers on this.
Overall, the vibes were great, service was cheerful and attentive. The menu showed a lot of promise in its variety and flavors but would like to see more consistency with the portion sizes. Some dishes did not stand out as much, but the corn agnolotti will definitely be something to come back for.To begin, yes you should try this place! I wanted to give this place a much higher rating however I am big on service and that's where this place fell short for me. I came here for date night on a Friday around 7:00pm. The place was lively but not crowded so that was a plus. The decor is chic rustic barn and minimalist another plus for me. It took approximately 25 minutes for our waitress to come take our order. We decided to put apps and entrees in all at once because it seemed we would be playing a waiting game and that we did. After placing our orders it took about 15-20 mins to receive our drinks and almost 45 minutes to get our food. For reference we sat down at 7 and didn't begin eating until about 8:45. Unfortunately because I was so turned off by the slow service it made it hard to really appreciate the food which was great! For apps we had the Grilled Octopus (which packed a lot of heat and the sauce was great!) and the Corn Agnolotti. For Entrees I tried the Gnocchi and my date had the Hanger steak. Both we would def recommend. For drinks we had the Hot & Bothered (if you love a spicy marg like me this is perfect) and the Vaccine a neat clean gentleman's drink. Overall I wanted to LOVE this place but the slow service was just bordering too far onto the unacceptable side. I hope they improve once they rev up the staffing. I would love to try more menu items hereLove this place! It's a welcome edition to the neighborhood. The corn ravioli was as good as Ive had at Michelin star restaurants. The scallops were perfectly cooked. The service was fantastic and everything was very safe for indoor dining. I look forward to being a regular here!We went to Clementine's last week and had a fabulous meal that we went back tonight and had another spectacular meal.  Highly recommend the Corn ravioli it's bursting with flavor. Lamb chops are delicious as ever and then came my main course The Fried Chicken.  The absolutely the best I've ever had. Cooked perfectly from the crispy crunch to the tender juicy delicious white meat inside.  It comes with a drum stick, thighs and delicious breasts and it's extremely flavorful with every bite. 
Highly highly Recommended. 
Oh wait there's dessert Upside down pineapple cake warmed w vanilla ice cream. 
Such a spectacular delicious meal.Passed by a number of time.  Parking right in front today so I pulled right over!
As you will see, presentation was well executed!  Food was delicious!  Unique combinations of flavor.  Staff was amazing!This place the perfect mix of downtown/fairmount/neighborhood feel with really good food! The drinks are great, menu is great for sharing or ordering lots of stuff to taste - LOVE the fried chicken and housemade hot sauce....also fish is so fresh and all salads/apps we had were delicious! Its got great outdoor seating options and is casual, yet feels like a real fine dining experience! Its also super kid friendly - we had a great time with our kids at brunch:) Can't say how happy we are that Clementines is here.We ate the tasting menu. Everything minus desert was well prepared and tasted good! With that said, none of the dishes stood out as being spectacular. For the prices they charge, I expect at least one or two of the dishes to really stand out. The desert in particular just sucked, I'd have rather just picked up a candy bar on the way home. One last complaint while I'm at it, our table was wobbly. Why don't restaurants check and fix their tables? I've never understood that.If you're thinking of coming here for brunch, I say pull trig and do it.  This is the perfect spot to satisfy your morning cravings.  I ordered the Eggs Benedict, and I am satisfied with the dish.  My friends ordered either the French Toast or the Pancakes (I forget) but it was also delicious and filling.  The spot has a great ambiance and cute aesthetic as well.If you are looking for an Esthetically pleasing place to grab a drink this is the spot for you. If you are looking for more - take the subway a few more stops to Fairmount. I went here for brunch on a Saturday with high hopes and was very much let down. The burger was very dry and the Russian dressing that comes on it simply tasted like pickles. The eggs in purgatory's flavor can only be described as burning. - they were simply too spicy to have a flavor. The egg sandwich was good (pretty difficult to mess up an egg sandwich, but we can give them this one). Lastly, the service was terrible. - we sat for 15 minutes minimum before we were approached about drinks so we jumped on the chance to put in our food immediately and then our waitress was never to be heard from again. The redeeming quality of this trip were the pomegranate drinks - very good Fall drink and the reason I gave more than a star!My gf and I were here for the first time during Restaurant Week. In fact, we are waiting for our check right now. 
Everything from the staff to the ambience inside and outside was fabulous!
I had the grass fed steak tartar. Oh man. 
Three crustinis with ample steak tartar.
Delicious! My gf had the asparagus which was enjoyed. 
My entree was the roasted jail salmon. 
Succulent! A very generous portion with various peppers and capers beneath the salmon with a crispy skin!
My gf had the hanger steak which was a small portion, but delicious and tender.
We had a side of mushrooms which could have a bit hotter, but very tasty nonetheless. 
For dessert, we were served(their choice, which was fine)panna cotta a solid cream which had grapefruit and a mint leaf. Our server was Nikki who was knowledgeable and delightful!
It did take a while to get our check, but Nikki was very busy.
Also the drinks were great!
I first had The Vaccine, which was Maker's Mark with lemon, ginger and honey. Then I had a Dock Street Barracuda beer which was wonderful and refreshing on a hot night.The service was amazing. I was able to bring my dog for outdoor dining, and they even brought him a little bowl of water.
I came for brunch and had mimosas and pancakes. They were both great. The pancakes were absolutely delicious and not too sweet.
I cannot recommend this place more highly!!Passed the vibe check! Really cute spot, solid food, solid libations. We came for restaurant week and did the chef tasting. They were absolutely slammed so a little slow, but it was still a really fun experience and honestly, we love to see a thriving new spot on north Broad.
We had (in order of how much i liked them) lampchops, crudo, gem salad, scallops/swordfish, and a chocolate mouse. Each course was completely solid, I have no complaints.
We split a bottle of wine, but the cocktails looked fabulous. Will have to go back for happy hour to try more things and report back :)This place totally snuck up on me! It is owned by the same folks as Tela's but quite a bit different. The space is large and absolutely beautiful. I love the seating and table settings. The natural light that comes in is gorgeous. For drinks I had the ambrosia spritz which was summery and delicious! I shared the burrata starter which paired very nicely with my drink. My entree was the ricotta gnocchi. I thought it was good but slightly over cooked. My friend enjoyed the short rib with grits. It had a bit too much horseradish but the short rib was perfect. Lastly for dessert, I enjoyed crem brle! I would definitely return to Clementine's. Great spot for a date and I hear they do a good happy hour!We sat for 20 minutes without someone acknowledging us at the bar. Another couple came in and got served before us.Clementine's Stable Caf is just six blocks from our house, and we had been wanting to eat there for a while. So when Restaurant Week came, we signed up right away. Our reservation was for 7:15 p.m. and we decided to walk over.  We made it faster than we thought and arrived at around 7:05. The hostess was not pleased that we were early. But after a little scolding found us a table for two.  As we sat down, we realized we had only one menu. Then we realized that it wasn't the Restaurant Week menu, but the hostess was gone. 
 We waited over15 minutes and a waiter arrived, introduced himself and promised water.  We asked for menus he said, "Sure."  Ten minutes later, the hostess arrived and dropped two QR codes on our table.  We pulled out our cell phones and found the menus impossible to read.  Too small in full.  Too wide when we blew them up.  It took awhile, but we flagged down the hostess who announced that was the menu.  We asked for paper.  She promised to send someone. Another 10-minute wait. We stopped the waiter who dropped the menus on the table to ask how special dinner worked and got a sullen reply.  But at least we now knew how to order.
We spent some time selecting dishes for the table and waited and waited.  When it was nearing 8 p.m. and we still hadn't seen a glass of water or a hint of the wait staff, we got up and left.  As we reached the door the manager asked if our meal was "wonderful."  What could we say?  We have no idea regarding the quality of their food, but we absolutely know all about the quality of their service.Lovely space! Outside (on curb) and ample inside space. Great service and all COVID compliant. The citrus salad... WOW!! It is crazy to think of the mind that believes citrus and olive oil go well, but the do. Would I return? Probably not. The drinks were interesting Agua del Rancho comes in a bottle. Seemingly made and repoured in the bottle but not a huge fan. My gf had the Ambrosia spritzer which was better. The steak 'for two' wasn't amazing. It was solid but nothing like Alpen Rose so I don't fault them but it really wasn't 'for two' unless I'm that greedy. I had the roasted sea bass and my greedy butt was mad it was so small. Eh. But let's go back to the citrus salad. Get that. Have that and enjoy the atmosphere. Tbh, go to South across the street and get better food with music (when the outside opens again).Really really good.
Having just returned home to Philadelphia, I chose this restaurant because I was already downtown and it reminded me of a movie I just watched on Netflix about north Philly cowboys. 
We arrived for brunch on a Sunday around 10:30am and it was pretty empty (Yay!! I'm not trying to have breakthrough COVID). I asked to be seated far away from another table where folks were already seated and maskless. Yall might not be afraid of the variant but ya girl is. 
Anyway, we sat by the bar and I watched the bartender mix drinks and the cooks in the back snack on the food they were chopping. I definitely would have loved to see more mask wearing but that's the price I pay for dining out I guess.
The menu is short for brunch but had all the favorites. I ordered a cocktail that was delicious. Our server was friendly. I was glad to see so many Black folks working there. I don't think it's Black-owned though (I could be wrong).
The ambience was great and it quickly started to fill with people after 11am. 
Overall, the food was great. Everything came out quickly, the drinks were strong and flavorful. The prices were all reasonable for what you received and I was pleased.
I do wonder, though, as Philadelphia is increasingly gentrified and more white folks move into the city from the suburbs, how this will impact neighborhoods such as this. North Philly has been a Black community for at least 8 decades now and my hope is that new developers and new business owners will not replace the people who are already here. I already notice a stark shift in demographics by Broad and Ridge. The restaurant itself is reminiscent of the stables that Black communities have been tending to in this section of the city. The pushout of Black folks in DC has already happened and my concern is that businesses such as Clementine's will intentionally or unintentionally encourage that pushout instead of create opportunities for the people already there.