Food was very good, drinks were above average. The ambience, and location were poor. It's connected to a hotel and that should have been a red flag. Trying to dine while watching people check in with with kids, luggage and elevators...not a place for a dining experience. 
Waitress was great.
If you want a good quick taco and don't mind a terrible ambience/location then it's fine, or if you want to get fast food/take out and leave, it would fit well.
I just can't get past the ambience and that it's connected to a hotel lobby of a 3.5 star hotel - quite shabby - I can't understand the thinking behind that decision to have a restaurant with decent food in a below average hotel's lobby. 
if it was in a good location and had a decent ambience, it would be closer to a 4This is a great addition to the Philly restaurant scene. It has a great atmosphere that is light and airy. Love that there is both indoor and outdoor seating. To start off our table had the guac. It was very fresh and had great flavor. I had the Pescado Frito. It was delicious. Exactly the right proportion and was very flavorful. Juan was our server and he did an excellent job! For desert I would highly recommend the Pastel de queso for desert. It's similar to cheesecake. My group would have loved to go up to the rooftop bar for after dinner drinks but it was over a 15 minute wait. I would suggest a separate elevator for dinner and hotel guests. I will definitely be returning.Really swanky restaurant - loved the vibes. Not 100% sure If the money was worth it, but also didn't have any complaints. The service was quick and attentive on all fronts (hosts to waitress). The guac was really delicious although could have came with more chips to dip it in. I got the fish tacos which were really good and my boyfriend got the carnita tacos and has no complaints. Although he said the fish tacos were better when he tried mine. Loved the variety of extra salsas as well. The upstairs bar part was also cool. We didn't grab any drinks or bites up there but we went and checked it out. Cool atmosphere overall but dont know if I'd say it's the best Mexican spot in philly. Would like to see them expand their menu a little. But I will definitely be back!Upscale Mexican restaurant but the food tastes amazing and homemade. The margaritas are decently priced and delicious and the place had an awesome vibe. Would definitely recommend for a date night or night out with friends!Came for dinner after a long day of meetings and two cocktail hours. Was a bit pricier than anticipated but the margarita was good - strong but good. The shrimp tostada was delish. The quelites y papas taco was just ok. Too spicy imho and I just didn't love the greens. Service was nice. They just opened and unless I read that in other reviews I'm not sure I'd know - they seem to have their stuff together.I'd describe Condesa as "swanky" but personally think there's better Mexican food near the Italian market. I was excited to try it out, and came with 3 other friends for dinner - it's already quite popular, and definitely recommend reservations for Friday/Saturday evenings. The food was tasty, but pricier than expected, so I probably won't be back.
Atmosphere: Generally quite spacious, but also very dark and quite loud. It feels very high-end and modern. The server we had was incredibly nice and knew the menu very well. 
Food: Ordered the lamb and beef tacos - generally very flavorful, and accompanied by 4 (super) spicy sauces - a bit too spicy for my preferences, but good to have options. 2 tacos were ~$15 each, which I thought was a bit expensive for what was given. I do recommend the horchata ($4), but 75% of it was also just ice. 
Overall: 3/5 - I probably won't be back, just because I think there are restaurants in Philly that offer just as good Mexican food, but at lower prices.This is the best Mexican restaurant in Philly that I have been to in many years. We ordered three appetizers, three different tacos, and three deserts - everything was truly delicious! Even a cappuccino was top-notch. What really sets this place apart is strong, bright flavors and incredibly fresh ingredients - freshest cilantro, mint that looked like it was just plucked off a plant (maybe it was). All dishes were also incredibly light and not oily or greasy and it is often the case with Mexican food. 
I was also extremely impressed with the desert - Chamoyada - a very unusual and extremely delicious combination of flavors.New coffee spot that has pastries and breakfast tacos for now.  They said they will starting serving lunch/dinner soon as well.  The interior is nice (a little dark though) and the people working there are great.  I have been here twice now and the pastries are great (olive oil pound cake is super moist) and the coffee is also very good.  The pricing is also very reasonable.  I hope that when the Pod hotel that it is connected to opens that it doesn't become too busy or too much like a hotel lobby.Opening night and we loved it! Extremely authentic tastes. We had their Guacamole with Herbs to start and fought over it. Wife had the Pollo Asado and pretty much gnawed it to the bone. She said it directly compares to the best roast chicken in Mexico city. Which she says is the best in the world.
I had Pescado Frito aka fish Tacos. Very very good. Two good sized tacos. Not quite enough for a main, but, it's not set up as such and I knew I could snag some of the amazing chicken.
You can order several sides to go with your dishes and my wife got the Arroz Verde rice to accompany the chicken. 
We had  Tamal de Chocolate for dessert and this was the ultimate! A tamale corn husk wrap over a chocolate brownie but not heavy / thick. And a perfect side of peanut butter ice cream set over honey and roasted peanuts. Okay, order what ever else you like, but, end with this. ;)Wow!  Just wow!  I grew up in San Diego eating Mexican food almost daily.  Condesa has the best tacos I've ever tasted.  Pure quality.  Not only do the make their own tortillas, they actually grind the corn themselves!  Everything is from scratch, authentic, and utterly amazing.  The presentation was gorgeous, the service was exceptional, the atmosphere was fun.
This restaurant is a win for Philadelphia!Finally a center city presence!!! This place is really phenomenal. The food is just wonderful you really can't go wrong. Even just the chips and 4 sauces they bring out to start is an experience with fresh ingredients in each sauce daily. If you like spicy, I am obsessed with their hottest option and the presentation is great, it looks like pickled slawed veggies but it's a hot sauce and I really just love it. Tacos are great, particularly love the fish and carnitas. The margaritas are great too. 
Cool atmosphere with outdoor seating options and heat lamps in the colder months. Friendly and professional staff. Great great spotCozy atmosphere and truly delicious guacamole.  The tacos were tasty too.  It just seemed very expensive for Mexican, maybe it was the drinks that ran up the tab.  All in all, a nice experience.New restaurant is simple but nice. And for once, a Philadelphia restaurant with good acoustics!  I ordered the snapper Veracruz, which was just ok. Having spent 11 years in Latin America, I was really not impressed. Sweetheart ordered the pork rinds with 3 sauces. Fabulous!  The quesadillas were also interesting, non-traditional, but in a good way. I like the blue corn tortillas. Sweetheart also enjoyed the mezcal trio....perhaps a bit too much!  Service was great, although the place was packed.Condesa was very lovely: casual/elegant atmosphere.  We sat on their outdoor patio with heaters on a chilly fall evening which I love to do!  Friendly and attentive service.  The food tasted good and looked attractive.  Unfortunately it was extremely over-priced (I am willing to pay high prices for something special but this does not meet that criteria except for the atmosphere which is nicer than most area restaurants.)  It was $14 for 2 very small tacos (that came with nothing...no beans, no rice, no chips!!)  The cocktails were mostly ice...they looked like snow cones with the cocktail poured over the ice. We felt it was a poor value but may come back to sit on their patio and have a beer (although the chips are $3 for 3 chips...yes, that is correct so we would not order chips with that beer)I have to give this place 3 stars. The food is good but it's smaller portions and it's very pricey, especially for Mexican food. There are so many great options for Mexican in Philadelphia and this place while tasty is still underwhelming. I ordered the spicy margarita and it was not spicy and tasted like a typical margarita. The drink was smaller than average and $10. Not terrible pricing but not worth it for the taste and the size.Solid.  Really cool vibe, in a sweet part of town.  Rarely does an atmosphere at a restaurant stick out to me.  But, I really like this place.  As far as food.  No complaints, homie.I will review this again when I eat here for dinner, but I felt the need to give an early review.  I had made a reservation for early November because I've been really looking forward to this place opening.  I will likely be cancelling the reservation as I am not as excited to come back after my experience at the bar.  1. The location is an odd choice and quite surprising after seeing the really nice photos of the restaurant.  The outside is steps away from a parking garage.  The bar is steps away from the hotel check in.  Which is also steps away from a large window also facing a parking garage.  While sitting at the bar I was literally being occasionally blinded by the headlights from that garage shining through the window.   2. Way overpriced in my opinion.  I am a big mezcal drinker and I understand how pricey good mezcal is.  That being said I thought the choices were limited and all of the affordable ones I had (12-13 dollars for a 1 oz pour which is less than a full shot) were not great mezcals.  I will continue to go to Tequila's instead for mezcal, who has a far superior selection.   3. We got the guacamole for 2 of us.  Not a good sign when the bartender asked if I wanted 1 or 2 orders.  Since when is a guacamole order only meant for 1?  For 15 dollars you get an mediocre amount of decent guacamole with 3 large tortilla chips.  Yes, 3.  Within 5 minutes we had to ask for another order of these tortilla crisps.  I am convinced it was a mistake that we weren't charged for this additional order.
With all of that said, I am open to seeing how good their menu is beyond the guacamole.  From what I hear the tacos are quite good and hopefully I can update this with a more positive experience.I fell into this place by accident one day.  Only the cafe was open at the time.  A pistachio pastry and a great cup of coffee later, I left wondering how the food might be.   So a few weeks later and our office crew was out for happy hour and the restaurant was PACKED!  The crowd was cool and very hip Philly.  We sat outside (cause that's all that was available ) and it ended up perfect for a group of 7.  
And then someone just kept ordering all these great dishes I never would have ordered. A big clam shell , an interesting clay pot of goat, plates of ceviche ( I never knew it could taste this amazing ) , one after another, soooooo good!   
Philly has been missing a great new addition to the Mexican restaurant scene.   
Condessa nails itReally lovely interior design and a cool place to go. I think they still have some kinks to work out being so new (they accidentally blasted music in the middle of dinner)! All the raw seafood dishes we got were delicious. I really liked the mole dish, too. The margaritas were average - there are so many fantastic margaritas in this area (Bombon, El Rey) that these didn't stand out. The tacos, the main star, were also just okay - really fatty and needed the salsas that were brought to the table. I tried four of the five tacos on the menu (skipped the vegetarian one). The fish tacos were super fishy and tasted off. They didn't skimp on any taco fillings which was nice. Overall, I would go back since I'm right around the corner, but I hope they really honor their Mexico City inspiration by stepping up their taco game! Amazing tacos in CDMX are $3 - Condesa should be able to compete at their prices!Very nice restaurant that's new in Center City. Of course I love all this groups restaurants. So I had to give it a try. The octopus was very good. The lamb tacos that were on a blue corn tortilla were very good as well! The cocktails were good too! Def recommend giving it a try!!!Unassuming store front ... escape from the city-life ambience ... surprisingly good combinations of flavors! 
My favorite was the SHRIMP CEVICHE - it was spicy with a hint of coconut and fresh grilled Smokey pineapples (I think) and four different yummy complimentary salsa options! I loved the fresh herbs on the guacamole- never tried mint with it and it was delicious! Everything tasted super fresh 
Plus everyone was SUPER NICE and accommodating!!  Loved the MEZCAL drinks and modelo negro on draft!...it's Great high end mexican food addition to the philadelphia food scene!!  (Not all mexican cuisine is chips and salsa with heavy portions ) 
Ps I guess it is part of a hotel, but you can't even tell! Bc I think it may be a small boutique hotelI was excited to try out this new Center City restaurant because I'm a big fan of Suraya and Beddia. Condesa is a higher end Mexican spot inside the Pod hotel. 
The restaurant is smaller than I expected which contributed it to feeling very hotel-y. It was beautifully decorated, dim and felt very modern. 
Overall, I was disappointed with the service and food. The service at Suraya and Beddia is outstanding so I was surprised that the service here was slow.
I normally wouldn't mind paying a lot for a high end restaurant as long as the food is worth it. The food here was definitely lacking and not worth the price. Your paying more for the ambience and the chefs rather than the food. 
The menu is VERY small so don't except a lot of options to choose from and there mostly shareable plates. Between my sister and I, we each ordered one drink and split guac, carnitas, pollo asada and churros for a total of $91. 
Guac is normally expensive but this guac was $15 so I was expecting the best guac on earth. Not the case. The portion is small compared to other places and didn't taste any different. Instead of giving you chips, they give 3 large tortillas that you can break apart.
The carnitas were 2 soft tacos topped with onions. They were good but not high-end-taco-worthy. 
The pollo asada was also good but again, nothing to rave about. 
Lastly, this place is LOUD. Between the loud music and talking, I could barely hear my sister. We were saying "huh?" to each other throughout dinner. 
Overall, the decor is cool but the food isn't worth the prices given that the food is mediocre. I wouldn't go back here, there's other higher end Mexican spots in the city that are better.My friend and I came here for dinner and had a good meal, but my main criticism (as other reviewers have mentioned) is the cost. We made a reservation in advance, which was definitely necessary since it was  super busy. The space is modern and well decorated while still giving a feeling of coziness.
To drink, I got the Cinco (knob creek rye, spiced agave liqueur, tamarind, pasilla, angostura bitters) which was perfect on a cold winter's night. Neither of us were super hungry, so we each only got one plate. I got the Tlayuda (with beans, queso, nopales, rajas, hen of the woods, herbs). It was super tasty but very small. My friend got the lamb tacos and liked them a lot but was also disappointed in how small the 2 tacos were for $15. The 4 salsas they brought out were all delicious, but my favorite was the salsa verde. We decided to split cinnamon churros with chocolate sauce for dessert. They were tasty, but nothing out of this world.
Overall, the food was yummy but nowhere near worth the price tag. I can't imagine what the bill would have looked like if both of us had come completely hungry.Best part of the meal was the house salsas that come for free with the meal. There are several better options for tacos and cocktails in the area, and for cheaper. 
Had the mushroom and hibiscus quesadilla, underwhelming. The salad was overdressed although tasty. Carnitas were slightly dry and the vegetarian taco was too heavy and overwhelming in flavor from the sauce and cheese. House margarita was fine, but nothing to write home about...and stingy on the salt.Food surpassed the drinks and service. This place has potential but the location, price and service can't compare (not that I'm into that sort of thing) to Mission Taqueria. I  be back I might not. 
Note: No real chips n salsa, two basic margs, side of half a sliced avocado or 2 crisped corn tortillas are $3 a pop. 
Sauces however are 100! They do not have salsas but instead bring a four sauce table topper carrier of very tasty and spicy sauces to top any item you order.Easily the best Mexican food I have had in Philly! The food was fresh, the staff was attentive, and the indoor decor was also impressive. I really liked their appetizers and tacos. Great drinks too!Everything is outstanding.  Recommend the brisket and tongue taco. The octopus tostada. And the pescado veracruz. And Shane for the bartender and Katrina for the    server.  The restaurant is comfortable, everyone is dialed in to treating you like royalty. No tex-mex here. Best meal I've had in a long time.Really tasty tacos with 4 options of salsa + chili, what more do I need?
After reading about Condesa's opening, I was intrigued but wary about its potential. Mexican restaurant opened by the Suraya crew? I know they can do Lebanese but can they do Mexican justice? Via the masa, why yes, they most certainly can.
I went with my adventurous gut and it paid off.
I was greeted instantly which is always a plus --- thanks for always noticing whomever walks through the door! It was easy to be seated as I waited for my friend. Our waitress was very well versed in the ingredients and options as we debated about what to order. We decided to get the pork rinds as a snack while also choosing two taco options and an entree to share.
The pork rinds were well seasoned and perfect to use for all the salsa and chilis. They were super crispy and at times, too hard to bite, so please be warned. In terms of the salsas, I especially liked the salsa Verde which was so bright and refreshing. It's my favorite verde in the city. The chipotle and the orange spicy (a nice burn, if you're into it) are definitely not lacking. The star of the show is the habañero pickled onions. I was so obsessed that they gave us a second batch! I felt so at home with that gesture. Thanks for encouraging us to eat more :)
My favorite is the suadero chilango taco, which contains brisket and tongue. My friend was pleasantly surprised by how tender and flavorful it was. The lamb adobado was also delicious. Each order comes with two tacos so they are shareable with plenty of protein in them.
For the entree we shared the pescado veracruz which was a tender and light fish with the fresh tortillas, and a healthy salsa with grape tomatoes. Portion wise this was much smaller and lighter but you could make approximately 4 tacos out of it.
All of these options included in-house masa aka heirloom corn from Mexico that's grounded here and made into these textured tortillas. So fresh, so delicious.
Of course, we had to have the habañero onions added to everything. Needless to say, I was sniffling by the end of the meal but it was a blissful discomfort. Added with the beautiful bright and open space (albeit unfortunate location in the alleyway but who isn't open to some adventure these days?), Condesa is here to give people a real kick in the mouth. Bring on the spices, kids!I'm writing to thank the wonderful staff at Condesa.We stopped in for a glass of wine around 3pm....which was tasty. We sat at the bar. We had already eaten lunch so we didn't order food.Then we went to meet friends at A.bar. When leaving A.bar ( hrs and several wines later)I realized that I didn't have my tote bag,retracing our steps we were back at Condesa.The kind and honest staff had secured my bag.....This bag contained some pricey and hard to replace jewelry .I cannot thank you enough !I was excited to go but we didn't even stay for the meal. We arrived early for our 9.30 reservation to have a drink at the bar. I assumed the Mexican themed restaurant would have really good margaritas but I thought the margarita was really underwhelming.The beer selection was lacked variety. The other cocktail we tried wasn't good. After two drinks that weren't very good, in a cold waiting area with total lack of attention or update from the staff we decided to leave at 9.50. I think they need to do a lot of work to make this place the success Suraya is. Hopefully it improves.If it weren't for the prices, I'd probably eat here many times because the food is definitely tasty. It has this feel like your supposed to share everything, because the menu is limited and the dishes are small, but then again, sharing a bunch of dishes would add up fast. The tacos admittedly are quite large, so 2 tacos is actually like 4 normal tacos, so don't let the only 2 only quantity deter you. Also, the restaurant is freaken beautiful, an open space but with a chic and cozy feel that it really pulls off. 
The tacos are made with blue corn, which is just taking it to a higher level then other Mexican spots. Loved the lamb adobo tacos, such tender meat. The carnitas were solid, but paled in comparison. The mushroom quesadilla was a great started, the mushrooms and cheese paired really well together. 
The chicken adobo was juicy and had such great grill marks (wasn't crazy about the sauce), but is pricey especially since the side beans and rice aren't included. And the guac is pretty much gone before you realize you have it, tasty but so small. 
Honestly, the best thing of the night might have been the four salsas for the table. Each is uniquely pleasant for dipping. None of them are off-putting, or too spicy to handle. I could have eaten these on end and have been perfectly content.Beware, the restaurant has nothing to do with the hotel Pod and will not provide any level of service to hotel guests, despite obviously benefitting from being inside the hotel. We had an uncomfortable confrontation with Mr. Greg Root, the co-owner with ZERO hospitality or managerial skills, after attempting to borrow 2 sets of silverware and 2 small plates to bring to our room. After asking permission from a waitress, who checked with the front desk and was given permission, AND receiving no hassle from a bartender as well, Mr. Root approached us as we were waiting for the elevator, and stated that we were not allowed to bring "his" silverware and plates up to the rooms. When I asked why, he said it was because the hotel has nothing to do with the restaurant. When I asked what he thought the worst thing that could happen was, he had no answer. Did he think we would steal them? Really??! Sir, your restaurant is INSIDE the hotel, and the hotel actually refers guests to the restaurant for amenities it lacks such as ice! I saw no reason why we should be treated like this, and insisted we be allowed to borrow the silverware and plates, of course promising to return them when we were finished. At first, and for about 10 uncomfortable minutes, Mr. Root refused to agree to this arrangement, but finally relented when I challenged him to call the police on us. I was happy to raise my voice so that everyone around us understood how ridiculous Mr. Root was being. I would think both the restaurant and the hotel would not want such situations, which are bound to recur, and I hope they join the rest of the world's restaurants in hotels, and work out an arrangement so that guests are not inconvenienced and made to feel as uncomfortable and unwelcome as we did. Obviously, Mr. Root and his co-owner need to work out some logistical details with Pod. I have never experienced such a disconnect between 2 mutually dependent "hospitality" businesses such as this. I would therefore recommend avoiding this and Mr. Root's other restaurants, as one wonders if such incompetence might affect other aspects of the restaurant's operations, perhaps food quality or hygiene. 
Their mescal collection is vast, which we enjoyed the night before, but seriously restaurants with owners like this should be boycotted. I hope for his (and our) sake he never tries to open a restaurant in NYC, as it would fail quickly with clueless leadership like this.Great service from the front door to bar to elevator to server. Seems everyone enjoys working there!
Had drinks at the rooftop bar which is a super spacious area - definitely recommend their frozen marg. 
Went down for dinner and waited a few mins - their waiting area is two lovely curved pink couches and pillows. Was a busy night so it made for great people watching. 
Ordered the pork rinds for an app - came with four dipping sauces yummy app to snack on. 
Ordered the dish that was meant to be shared which was one bowl of meats, one bowls of crudites, and tortillas. Basically made our own tacos and enjoyed them very much. 
Fun and busy ambiance love the decor and service.Exceeded expectations! Carnitas tacos were the best I've ever had! All food was fresh and full of flavor. I feel full but not heavy. Excellent staff - great at describing the menu and made terrific recommendations. Fun vibe. My new favorite Philly restaurant!I was so excited to hear about a new Mexican restaurant in philly! When I first looked at the menu I was pleased to see vegetarian options. I was excited to try the guac and the veggie tacos. The mezcal margaritas were great! I also tried another mezcal drink called Tres. This was even smokier than the mezcal marg, but I enjoyed it. They also bring 4 different salsas/condiments, which all had a unique flavor. One of the condiments were these pickled onions, they were surprisingly very spicy. The guac had special herbs in it that made it taste different than typical guacamole (highly recommend). I got the veggie tacos with no cheese. I loved them! They were so flavorful compared to other veggie tacos that I've tried. The ambiance of this restaurant is very swanky and modern. The location is convenient to Center city and Rittenhouse. Also, our waitress was so friendly and gave us very good recommendations. This is a place I would bring friends and family from out of town. I'll definitely be coming back!Came on a Tuesday night and sat at the bar for drinks and food. The food was delicious. We kept it simple with a salad and the roast chicken but these were anything but simple. Flavors were delicious - yes, a bit spicy on the chicken, but divine. The service was average if not below average and the drink menu was good for tequila but they need to get better wines by the glass. We tasted a few but they were really "swilly" so we stuck with tequila. If they add better wines and have their servers pay a little more attention i think it will be a great new place.The unit manager is great and once able to reach, straightened everything out. The problem is the 3 owners, and their Neighborly Relations PR lady Caroline. It took 2+ months to get back a $100 gift card charge that was billed to our card twice for the same purchase. Granted it was during April shutdown, but they were still reachable, and yet chose to ignore our attempts to have it resolved. Had to wait until the unit opened, and was able to reach Dan the manager, that the money was refunded. 
The food and service here were absolute fantastic, but won't give a good rating due to ownerships lack of attention and ethics.Beautiful ambience! Completely unexpected (in a really good way) as I did not see the pictures beforehand. Service is top notch and food has a great quality and freshness to it.
I got the Cuatro and my friend got the Cinco and both were good - I wasn't blown away with the drinks as I was expecting more of a kick from these Mexican inspired drinks.
For dinner, we got the Tamal Oaxaqueno (still not sure how to pronounce it) and the mole sauce on it was absolutely delicious - almost chocolatey but not too sweet in taste. Next came the Parillada which is a huge portion and is meant to be shared between two. It was served in two plates and lots of blue corn tortillas: one plate with literally every possible meat from sausage, goat marrow, chorizo and another with fresh veggies like avocados! 
They also have about 4 house hot sauces which are extremely delicious and they encourage you to mix them with your food. I did and I wasn't disappointed!
Overall, great ambience + great food = 5 stars! This is a perfect place to dress up and have a fun night!If I could give 10 stars I would. This place is AMAZING. DIVINE. DELICIOUS. Words cannot explain the food here. The service was impeccable. Christina was attentive, funny, very well informed of the menu, gave us awesome recommendations, knew what we needed before we even asked. Could not have asked for a better experience. The space itself is breathtaking, open, airy, simple but beautiful. 
The brisket tacos and the ceviche tostada were our faves. Lamb asado tacos were also delicious. The GUAC. SOO GOOD. The desserts were.... OMG. Can't even explain. If you're reading this, please order the Chamoyada. I usually take pics of everything but I didn't have the time because everything was so beautifully presented. 
I just had to eat it right away. 
Thanks again Christine(a)! We will definitely will be back.Ordered the Octopus tlayuda, Lamb adobado tacos and the chamoyada dessert. All tasted great
The house made sauces were good tooGreat margaritas!!!! Homemade tortillas were to die for and the green rice was delicious!I came here for lunch during Taco week. The place is beautiful. It's light, modern and feels like you are posted somewhere in the Southwest. The staff was super nice. We had reservations and were seated immediately. I chose the three-course Taco Week special.  For my first course, I ordered the chicken soup. I ordered the lamb tacos for my meal. It came with two nice size tacos. And for dessert, I ordered the sweet bread with ice cream. 
I was blown away by everything. The chicken leg in the soup was so delicious. The broth was super tasty. The sauces that they brought on the side were also tasty, but the soup did not need it. 
The lambs tacos were amazing. The lamb perfectly cooked. It was so tender and well-seasoned. The verde sauce that came with the taco was really tasty and complimented the lamb well. The tortillas seemed freshly made. I was surprised with how good the tacos were. 
The dessert was ridiculously delicious. I could believe how good the sweet bread was. The ice cream was super good and went perfectly with the bread. I could eat this dessert all day. 
I pray that this place stays consistent, because this experience was near perfect. The prices were not too bad and the portions were really good. The ambience and service are topnotch. I highly recommend this spot for a date or group. I cant wait to check out the roof top at this hotel. I hear good things!Went here for the first time this weekend and it was OK. The atmosphere, service, drinks and overall vibe were great but the food wasn't worth the price. I got the carnitas and it was definitely too salty for me but it was flavorful. My friend had the vegetarian taco and it was too salty for her as well. My other friend got the shrimp toastado and it was one little tostada with some shrimp on top and it was 13 dollars... I will say, they have 4 different types of salsa/sauces that they brought to the table and those were amazing, each one had a great flavor. Their guac was also really good. Overall, it was a fair experience but I wouldn't go back for dinner mostly because of the prices compared to the taste. I may consider going for drinks and guac at the bar upstairs but that's about it.Beautiful space with a chill and sleek vibe. The rooftop bar is fun and airy. The restaurant is authentic and sexy. Not to mention, great drinks and even better food. We shared a guacamole and I had shrimp tacos. Super delicious. Can't wait to go back!Let's just say, the one month out reservation we made was totally worth it. Starting with the guacamole and ceviche tostada, my husband and I locked eyes and knew that this place was living up to the hype. Fresh and layered in flavor, every bite was amazing. I had the fish tacos and he had the lamb tacos; the best part of marriage is sharing so you know I had one of each. The lamb was truly moist and so well seasoned. The portion size was perfect, definitely fair priced. We had three desserts because James Beard nominee and all.... Get the churros, you are welcome.I'm a huge fan of Suraya and was curious to see how a Lebanese powerhouse delivers Mexican food. The space is beautiful, and once you get past the host stand, does not feel like a hotel lobby restaurant. The menu is primarily corn-based, so this is a great spot for gluten-free options. I loved the Guacamole (which comes with 3 large Tostadas - you can get 3 more for $3 and will want them especially to try out the salsa selection) and the 4 Churros were probably the best I've had. I needed some translation help with the menu but the wait staff was friendly and patient and helped me pick the Suadero Chilango Taco, which was good. The food feels a little overpriced overall, but provides a solid option.Server of the year award nominee - Katrina! Made our experience interesting and fun - really knows the food and drink, and even better is a delight. 
Hostess Ali looked out for us and made us feel so comfortable. A warm and caring welcome really sets up a great experience. 
I think the food is good, some of it was great like the ensalada, tacos and the chicken entre on our neighbors table. 
The bar is the best! Loved the mexcal flight! Def will be back for the mexcal margaritas and for the overall vibe which you have nailed - much due to a fantastic staff!I came here for A little Galentines Day dinner with some friends. There was a bit of the wait as it was Saturday after Valentine's Day so we just headed up to El Techo the rooftop bar and started with drinks and apps. Our table was ready fairly quickly and service was prompt and polite.Really good food,excellent service pretty attentive, I sow some reviews and I don't understand why people complain about the price if you looking for 3 dollars tacos please save your money and time do not come to this places!!!Stopped in for a cocktail at the bar. Great drinks, tasty and unusual apps, and knowledgeable staff. Looking forward to a full meal here.My boyfriend and I had made reservations for this restaurant yesterday for a quick dinner on New Years Eve. We arrived at the restaurant about and hour earlier and were able to quickly get accommodated. They did not have traditional alcohol but they had Mexican versions of some. The food came out quick. But the portions were pretty small for entrees, they were more like appetizers. We had the shrimp tostadas, carnitas and pescado frito tacos. The vibe here is chill and the dim lighting makes it intimate. Overall my experience here was good.Drinks are strong. I went on a Wednesday and it was packed. Nice vibe for the most part.Just like Suraya, very trendy and visually appealing space. Small but authentic menu. Tamal was tasty and ceviche was good but nothing special about it. Suadero Chilango (beef tongue) tacos were a hit. Highlight of the meal was Pescado Veracruz plato. Fish was cooked just right and the sauce was also very tasty. Cocktails were just okay.Fantastic food and atmosphere. 
Love the upstairs and downstairs bar. 
Had the octopus and bean tlayuda, ceviche tostada, and carnitas. All were very excellent and very filling.Such a cute spot! My friend and I shared the brisket tacos! And it was so so delish!! I highly recommend this place! It's super cute and the food is so good!This place popped up as a suggestion for "hot new restaurants" I should try in Philly! So I was walking around the neighborhood with two of my girlfriends, we ended up in this sketchy looking street so we stopped and noticed this gem of a place. My friends and I went in around 4:00 and they greeted us to let us know they were closed but to please come back at 5. We took a chance and came back a few hours later. This restaurant definitely provides the traditional Mexican hospitality. The food looks like it is full of exceptional Mexican flavors! Unfortunately we had already eaten prior to goin there so we just ordered the guac which was so good! I'm used to el vez's guac so when sharing with friends the chips should be in pieces and not one big hard tortilla. I'm looking forward to going back and trying their dinner menu! The staff was incredibly hospitable! Shane and Evan were the two at the bar explaining everything to us so passionately & patiently! I'm excited for the roof top to open and will definitely update the review after trying the rest of their food!I've been to Condesa for drinks and dinner now and despite some uneven execution, I'm a fan. The space is beautifully done and does not feel like it's right off of a hotel lobby at all, the service is friendly and well-trained, and many of the plates are tasty, if pricey.
Highlights included the suadero chilango tacos ($14), which were flavorful and incredibly tender, the octopus and bean tlayuda ($14), which had a good mix of crunchy and smooth textures and generous portions of tender octopus, and the guacamole with herbs ($15) - the dill and parsley herb combo really worked. I personally thought the parillada ($42 for a plate of mixed meats, roughly chopped vegetables that did not fit comfortably in a taco, and tortillas) was underwhelming and wished we had ordered more tacos instead. Likewise, the ingredients used for the pescado veracruz ($26) were incredibly fresh, but it just lacked flavor and overall was very watery.
The meal ended on a high note with a tasty, tropical take on cheesecake that featured guava sauce and slices of kiwi ($9). We also really loved all of our drinks, though my mezcal margarita weirdly tasted very different from one of my dining mate's mezcal margarita. 
I'll admit that I balked when I first saw the prices on the menu. And going into dinner, I had some mixed feelings about the way that a certain Philadelphian food critic put Condesa's homemade tortillas on a pedestal when many excellent Mexican places in Philadelphia and across the country make tortillas by hand simply because it's their way of life and not because it's a special, exotically gourmet thing. But I also respect ethnic restaurants that try to elevate their cuisine, and Condesa did just that - we enjoyed the majority of the dishes we ordered, all of which were beautifully plated. Overall, I liked Condesa and would come back, though I would recommend sticking to the smaller plates, which are more creative and generally better-executed.Vibes: fun, colorful, casual but classy Mexican restaurant; come with a group or on a date, expect it to be noisy and bustling
Tasting notes:
-Tequila margarita: got it with a pretty heavily salted rim; slightly smoky, mostly citrus-y in flavor
-Ceviche tostada: fish is apparent more in texture than flavor; sweetness of pineapple and mango dominate the dish; a rather difficult appetizer to share given the very shatter-y nature of the one tostada; size-wise good for maybe two people
-Suadero chilango: meat is extremely tender and buttery; onions and cilantro take the supporting role; taco is filled just enough to be satisfying but not messy; loved putting the green and red-orange salsas on this 
-Parillada: such a fun, interactive dish to share with one or even two other people, between scooping the bone marrow out of the bone, permutating the crisp radish chunks, avocado slices, cucumber spears, blackened onion-type vegetable, fresh stringy cheese, piling on the chewy sirloin and rich pork belly; the six blue corn tortillas provided definitely were not enough for all the provided toppings; I enjoyed dipping the cucumber into the worm salt, which was very flavorful even with just a quick, small dab
Other thoughts:
-Love that there are four house-made salsas that were brought over as soon as we put in our order; my favorite was the deep red, smoky chipotle one
-Appreciated our dishes and silverware being switched out between courses
-Service was attentive and helpful
-For two moderately hungry people, these three dishes were very satisfying
-Would come back for the margaritas and parillada!Overall a solid meal. Average mexican food with really good margaritas. Ambiance is great. They have a heated outdoor space which is very cute. Would come back for drinks or happy hour.Came here for drinks, chips and guacamole before heading to dinner. Guacamole was $15 and although good, it only came with three tostados. When I asked for extra they brought 3 more and charged an additional $3. They have some guts charging that much and for that alone I will never come back. $50 for two drinks and 4 ounces of guacamole you can have it.Went here for my birthday and was so pleased with the ambiance, the service and the food. We had a party of six and the restaurant was accommodating with us bringing in decorations to decorate the table in advance. They were doing a special similar to restaurant week where you could choose an appetizer, a taco dish and a desert. We shared guac for the table and then each had our own appetizer and one plate of the tacos. It was simply delicious! I loved the lamb tacos, the fish tacos and the tamale. I would definitely come here again.Our party of 6 had a truly wonderful lunch during "Taco Week" at Condesa.  We all opted for the $22 three-course deal - choice of app, entrée and dessert.
The Aqua Fresca that day was a delightful guava, lemon and mint.  It reminded me of guava lemonade.  I had a splash of it over sparkling water to cut my carbs - and it was mighty tasty.
The fresh guac was truly flavorful with fresh cilantro and sliced mini-jalapenos.  Just the right amount of kick.
For an entrée I opted for the Platos of pork with onions and nopales - which I happen to love.  The pork itself was just perfectly seasoned and the right amount of fat and lean.  Juice.  Succulent.  Rich tasting.  And oh-so-not-Kosher.  Sorry, G-d.
3 of the 6 people got lamb tacos (on bluecorn tortillas) and everyone was raving.
For dessert there were a variety of fresh Mexican pastries and a moist, warm (again, delightful) Olive Oil cake.    Too many carbs for me - but worth the splurge.
The food, décor and service here (even the mod-chic ladies room) were all stellar.  So great.
Pricey, yes - but the $22 three course is a great deal if you can get that.
I can't wait to come back.Decent but won't be back. Normal Mexican food but wayyyy over priced. The tacos r tiny for 14 bucks. Can't say it was the best Mexican I've ever had. The tiny plates to share are like 14 each. It was packed though which wasn't too surprising since it is a new restaurant. Also minor but the coke isn't real coke tastes different!My Husband took me here for my birthday and everything was spectacular. The cocktails (and Mezcal flight) were perfect, the food was amazing, and the atmosphere was great. Our waiter was spot on and we couldn't ask for a better night out.The food is great, the service is great, but it is expensive.  We had the carnitas, lamb tacos, and pescado veracruz.  All were excellent.  The churros and mango/cake/cream dessert were also excellent.   The focus here is on high quality, not portion size.Pros - Restaurant is gorgeous and clean.
Cons - Just about everything else. Food is mediocre, especially given the price point (I.e. you get a mere 2 spoonfuls of "just okay" guac with literally 3 chips for $15). Carnitas tacos were nothing special. Side of rice tasted like dish soap. The menu has a total of like 10 items to choose from. Seating was extremely tight and claustrophobic - you're basically dining with your fellow guests seated next to you. Service is extremely slow. 
Just go to the taco truck on Washington Ave in South Philly. Probably could've purchased the truck itself for the amount we paid for dinner.Very nicely decorated place and a great ambiance for a night out or a date. Food and service were lack luster though and presumably that's the important part of a restaurant.  
Nice big fire columns outside and big glass windows make for a welcoming entrance. Open layout inside with a very warm feeling. Generally reminds me of the other restaurants by the owners in the area (which is a good thing). Came on a Thursday night and needed a reservation but it wasn't super crowded. 
Server took a while to come ask us for drinks. Every time she spoke with us it just seemed like she wasn't interested. She would turn and leave before we had finished speaking it seemed. Barely said anything when she gave us the check later. The other person giving us water and taking our plates was (on the other hand) kind of irritating because she literally came over every minute and would say "excuse me" while we were having a conversation to fill our water....a bit much. 
Relatively small menu. Prices are steep for the food which I guess buys you the ambiance but the food was not great. Shrimp tostada had overcooked shrimp on it. Only two tacos per order (7$ a taco??) I had the lamb which was fine but didnt taste like 7$. House made salsas (which dont come with chips for the table...) sounded great in description but really didnt taste all that interesting. 
Unfortunately vaguely high prices for food that was not impressive at all but a very nice ambiance, in case that's what you're looking for.Here's the thing. Most people usually leave a review when they are displeased by an experience - and I don't want to fall in that category, so I will post both the highs and lows. 
THE LOWS
The front of the house. We had a reservation for 7:15p and arrived a few minutes early just to check out the space. We decided to sit in the lounge and await our table. I checked in at 7:30 and there was no sign of the table being free yet. At 7:45, I decided to check again, because at this point my party and I were debating going to another restaurant. I was told in a somewhat sarcastic manner that there was a "girls night out" that was not getting up even though they paid their check. About 10 more minutes go by and we are seated next to this "girls night out" table. They stayed for another 30 minutes. 
Here's the thing, I'm not a fan of being asked to get up for another patron. But it happens, especially if you are just sitting there gabbing it up. I see the restaurant as having two options, deliver a drink or an app to the group of people waiting, or offer a drink for those holding up the table to move to the bar. Neither were done and set us up for a rather frustrating evening.
When we sat down we noticed one our water glasses was dirty. At this point we were going to leave, but decided to see it out since we were famished.
The third strike came when our second round of drinks came out after our dessert. While this may have been a small and usually ok miscue on the part of the waitstaff, it just compounded what was a frustrating experience.
THE HIGHS
The food. It was great all around. Definitely pricey for what it is, but they deliver on the tortillas and masa as hero. The tostadas were tasty and the pollo asado was properly seasoned and cooked perfectly. The vegetable tacos however were overly seasoned and left a dry mouth behind. Items were flying out of the kitchen at an almost disconcerting speed, within minutes of ordering, which made us feel somewhat rushed. This was counterbalanced though by the drinks taking forever to come to our table. 
The decor. The lounge areas are nice, and have a nice modern feel. It's an interesting take on the Condesa neighborhood of Mexico City however, since it feels much more New Mexican in style. 
CONCLUSION
Going to a restaurant is a holistic experience. It's the design of the space, the front of the house, the back of the house, and everything in between. This review is based on all of that. Because today, I sit here typing this up knowing I don't think I can recommend friends visit until Condesa gets some of their ducks in a row. It's the simple things that keep patrons either wildly happy or frustrated and annoyed, and those were not in the cards last night.Airy and classy! (the restaurant, not me).
Condesa is aesthetically pleasing and it still has that new restaurant smell. Ahhh! Light and vibrant colors, beautiful textures, with a nice overall flow. The dining area options include the outdoor front patio, the main dining room, and the bar. There are community tables toward the back of the restaurant, in case you are unable to successfully land a bar seat, or in case you don't feel like waiting for a table. These tables can comfortable seat 8 - 10 people.  That area puts you closer to the restrooms, and that's reason enough for me to park-it there!
Margaritas, guacamole, and tacos all around for us! The Pollo Asado stole the show. Such a simple dish, but with so much flavor. Tender, juicy chicken marinated to perfection. My poor husband had to share this entrée with the entire crew, but that's what he gets for ordering the best dish on the menu! The Chocolate Tamale was the perfect ending to our meal. Soft, moist chocolate cake, along with creamy ice cream. Bam...sugar cravings met! 
The menu is not overly extensive, however, there is something for everyone, including vegetarian options. You're going to want to sample their cocktails first and foremost. Oh, how I love me a cocktail crafted with fresh juices. 
Ole!Vibe was great, staff was great, cocktails were amazing, mezcal menu was incredible...
The food was ok. We ordered the $42 duck mole and some $30 fish and it was... alright. The duck was good but there's a dozen hole in the wall Mexican joints around the city with better mole. The fish was good, but nothing to write home about.
I'd definitely go back as a date spot, definitely go back for drinks and maybe munch an appetizer or something, but not the place to go if I'm looking for amazing Mexican.I have eaten at this new restaurant twice. Last night the service was very slow and the food was not as expected. Ordering drinks took 15 to 20 minutes. The appetizers were good but the entrées were average at best. For the cost of $160 for two people this was very expensive for what was presented.  I would have strong doubts about coming back.Lots of great Mexican in philly, at a much more reasonable price. The tortillas are awesome. The guacamole is way too small. There are no chips as a starter ( so sad) but you get three tortas with the guacamole and refills are extra (also so sad because you only get three per order) I probably won't be back but it was fun to try.Overall experience was tremendous. Our waitress was excellent. The mezcal menu is huge. Haven't seen anything like that in Philly yet. The guacamole was good, if a bit pricey. The Octopus Tlalyuda was awesome. The cheese and the bean and the octopus work so well together. Packs a punch but doesn't fill you up. The ceviche was also very good. The goat and the chocolate tamale were the stars of the show. Both the fish tacos and plate were just ok.The interior is pretty, the wait staff was super attentive and service was great! But the food was a huge disappointment. We got the ceviche tostada for our appetizer. It was okay. Additionally it was tiny for $14. I understand this is a "higher end" Mexican restaurant and I wouldn't mind paying their current menu prices for good food even if the portions are small but the taste and quality just aren't there. We also got the brisket tacos and fish tacos. The brisket tacos were super bland and the brisket tasted gamey. The fish tacos had more flavor but it still felt like it was missing something. They gave us four sauces, which were less than half empty in turn making them hard to even get out of the container. Not sure if the idea is for people to season their own tacos but that's what it seemed like. I honestly didn't find anything special about the sauces so they didn't help in making the any tacos better. The best part about the whole night was the side of green rice - I would highly recommend this, especially since portions here are small. The beans were nothing special.
We came Friday night around 7:30pm and didn't have a reservation so we waited for bar seating for around thirty minutes. No one was leaving so we ended up having to sit at the communal tables. I like the concept to allow people who don't have reservations to be seated easily but wouldn't recommend this if you like your space. A plus is they do service the waiting area if you'd like a drink while you're waiting for your table.Overall, a very good experience. The decor was very nice, though it's still somewhat of a work in progress. It's seems like they've paid great attention to detail, which I appreciated. The pathway to the restroom is a minor adobe optical illusion. 
The camarón tostada, suadero tacos, and arrachera  were all delicious. The tacos were made with great tortillas that were warm and pliable, filled with yummy meat and the right amount of veggies. There were no real gaps in the experience, I just think that for the price I was expecting something a little more. I would definitely go back to give it another shot but it's not my first pick for where to dine.Good, not great... my expectations were high having had great experiences at Suraya. Service was GREAT, food was just ok... overall somewhat disappointing...I went back and checked - the visit on Wednesday dec 18th marked the fifth time I've been there since it opened.
The restaurant is situated in one of alley streets in Philly and is relatively hidden except for the pink neon signs.  I liked how the patio, bar and interior are designed, it has a retro inspired raftered ceiling and warm lighting.  It's been relatively chatty each time I've been there, but not overly loud.
Personal ratings:
Pork carnitas (excellent) - Classically prepared with cilantro and raw onion, the tacos were generously filled with tender slow roasted pork.  I think it's the best I've had so far in Philly.  Expensive when compared to almost everywhere else.
Octopus tlyuda (excellent) -this appetizer has a surprisingly nice pairing of poached octopus and bean purée.
Lamb adobado (excellent) - I'm a big fan of slow roasted goat and lamb - these hit the spot with that pleasant mild game flavor profile.
Salsas (excellent) - A variety of 4 complimentary salsas, each with a distinct flavor profile.  One of them is very similar to hot gianadera.  The only salsa that has been consistently mild is the verde, which has puréed avocado mixed in.  The other three have been inconsistently hot or mild.  Note there are no complimentary chips here - probably because of the labor involved with making fresh tortillas.
Service (good to excellent) - Consistently friendly & attentive, with floor manager follow up.  The food has always come out at a nice pace.  Sometimes the server doesn't ask if you've been there before, then immediately proceeds to explain the whole menu to you.
House margarita (good) - Quality ingredients and tequila.  Not the best I've had, but it's reasonably priced ($10) when compared to other cocktails in Center City.
Suadero tacos (good) - These were nice, but for some reason they didn't resonate with me as much as the other tacos mentioned here.
Pescado frito (good) - Similar to, or are beer battered - chunks of fish are generously portioned in relation to the size of the tacos.  I point this out, because at a place like Lolita, they can be so pathetically tiny that you can barely taste any fish.   I personally like the ones at El Vez better.
Guacamole (good) - classic with a nice touch using fresh mint in addition to cilantro.  The only downside is the number of fresh tostadas (3) that come with it - I always seem to run out before the guac bowl is empty.
Ceviche tostada (average) - while the ceviche was good, the marinade was too drippy and didn't pair well with the tostada.
Goat birrria (average) - Tastes great, but when i had it, the portion size was way too small for the price, so that's why it's rated average here.
Minor gripes - 
At a place like El Vez, I'm full after splitting an appetizer and tacos, but here I need to split an extra order of tacos, so the bill at the end is higher.
I miss my chips.VERY COOL RESTAURANT! Great views outside the restaurant as well. Menu is very limited but everything I tried looked and tasted AWESOME. Great place for a big group because they allow you to order and pay separately on your phone.At the risk of sounding like a Karen, i need to provide an honest review. the place is gorgeous, great atmosphere, waitstaff are great. The food is definitely overpriced for what it is though. Nothing was bad, but aside from the ensalada (so so so so so delicious - a real menu sleeper IMO), nothing was spectacular either. The chicharrones are the best value, so crispy and delicious and a surprisingly large portion for 5$ (in terms of restaurant food). 
Tequila margarita was great, not very sweet and nice thick salt rim. 
The house salsas are great, there are 4 of them- the spicy pickled stuff was my favorite and second to it was the salsa verde. 
The mushroom and hibiscus quesadilla was okay, mushrooms were flavorful inside but couldn't find the hibiscus contribution. It was suuuper small for the price (12$) The pescado Veracruz was so LOL. It was 28$ and incredibly small and lacking flavor, it was even a little fishy tasting/smelling but the tomatoes it came with were amazing. 
Didn't try the tacos because lol @ the prices. Saw them drive by us and they are just average looking tacos. They were probably more delicious than the fish though.
Love the arros verde 
All in all, 3 stars.*take out review*
I think one of the biggest challenges for restaurants during the COVID-19 situation is finding the ability to adapt their food to make take-out a viable option. A lot of food doesn't carry over well to the take-out world, but Condesa found a way to make it work. And all of the food I got to enjoy at home from them was restaurant quality.
I ordered the chicharron to start. They were crisp and perfectly seasoned with tajin and didn't survive my 20 minute commute back home from Condesa (sorry roommates). We also ordered the salsa variety with chips which came with 6 different salsas. It was a well-rounded variety - some very spicy, some tangy, a creamy chipotle option. We also got the to-go margaritas, which was strong enough to start a buzz (after I got home, of course). 
We ordered two different tacos - the chicken tinga and the suadero chilango (brisket). Now this is were the adaptability came into place. The tacos came completely disassembled. I got to put it all together to my liking, and once everything was in the tortilla, it was as good as if it came from the restaurant. The brisket was by far my favorite.
Looking forward to Condesa opening its doors again as we approach normalcy so I can have an in-restaurant experience as well. Cheers!