It's a good thing I've had a few weeks to cool off from my experience at Copabanana before writing this review or it might not have been pretty. Anyhow, I came during university city restaurant week and will never return. We sat outside and there were kids playing football right near the tables and being loud. We moved to the other side of the restaurant (still outside) and the kids made there way over to us and continued playing. We couldnt get away. We went to a table inside. Food was terrible. Steak was fatty and overcooked and mashed potatoes werent fresh. The waitress was about the only thing good about this place. She agreed on the steak and took it back. Came back with chicken as I asked for and it was like biting into rubber bands. All in all it was a disaster and I'll never return. 1 star for the waitress.I went last night with a few friends and let me say I was impressed, not necessarily with the quality of the food (nothing wrong with it by any means) or the decor, but the servers: how they don't kill every 4th customer is beyond me. I heard tables on both sides of us giving the most ridiculous of complaints to our/their server. Both tables were demanding as hell and already said loudly to eachother that they weren't tipping because of x, y and z reasons, and then were dumbfounded that there's a gratuity on their bill (it says it in the menu, anything over $50) their server, smaller girl so with purple hair, carried upwards of 4 plates at once, explained the menu perfectly and had an eagle eye for every table in her section and dealt with ridiculous complaints like a true professional. Thumbs up and five stars to the staff, customers, learn how to be basic humans, or stay home.It's been quite a while since I've done the college bar thing and quite frankly I wouldn't bother with a review because we've all been there (speaking of the environment) But my friend had a bday party in the private room downstairs. 
First I appreciated that because we were on a guest list I didn't have to pay a cover, get frisked or have my handbag rummaged through. I was however scared to death to descend the the very steep staircase that led to the private room teetering on my heels. I held the railing for dear life.
Once downstairs I have to say that I was sorely disappointed with the space. There was absolutely nothing special about it. Just a hodgepodge of tables and chairs, some random booth seats and a bar. No decor, nothing that gave you the specialness of being in a private space. Me and my party pal felt like we had just been shoved into someone's basement. 
Also I was so damn hot I couldn't stay down there. Unlike upstairs where the parameters are all open windows, the basement was cave like. My gf and I made our way back up stairs and nabbed two seats at the bar where we remained for the rest of the night.   Yikes Copa, you can do better.This is the worst service I have had at a restaurant in Philadelphia. First, they charged myself and the rest of my group a $5 cover, but then proceeded to seat us outside. The server forgot about us and we eventually were able to put our drink orders in. When they came,  we had lower than average margaritas and sangrias. I wouldn't come back here again.My friends and I went here one time for margaritas, and we sat outside. We were charged a $5 cover, and I have literally NEVER encountered as horrible service as I have at Copa. After we got drinks we didn't see the waitress again. We actually had to go inside to close our tab.I really love this place and I haven't quite figured out why...
The bathroom is usually pretty nasty, and slowly but surely they're replacing all the music on the jukebox with bland soft rock bands...
But above all this are two words that give me gastological goosebumps:
SPANISH FRIES
And if you've had them (with melted cheddar of course, not that greezy spray-on cheese) you'll know why they deserve all capitals and a separate paragraph...effin' amazing. jalapeno peppers, cooked onions, melted cheddar, and old bay...this much fried goodness should be one of the seven deadly sins...
On top of that the hurricanes and pink lemonades margaritas kick-ass (get a double, it's more like a triple...boo-yah!!), the pomegranate margarita is quite delctable as well, in fact its hard to go wrong with their flavored margaritas....on second thought stay away from the mango, it kinda reminds me of cough syrup with a lollipop left in it
They added a downstairs which helps with overflow, but lacks the bright open airiness of upstairs, and kind of feels like being on punishment when all of the cool (and early) people hog up the space by the upstairs bar. But fret not, the food is just as good and the drinks are never weak.
Flat screens that often show soccer, occasional live music, and a fun local crowd (especially on Monday) who refuse to let another neighborhood joint be bastardized by UPenn students (they can all have MarBar!), now it's all coming back to me why I love this place...Tried ordering online. When I asked for topping suggestions the guy hung up on me. Ridiculous4 stars for 1/2 off Burger Tuesdays.
personal favorites: San Remo and Burger Benedict
friends's favorites: Carribean
I come here every Wednesday during the school year. The burger deal is absolutely fantastic, and the burgers are delicious! Copa is usually busiest at noon on Wednesdays. The line is quite long during the school year around noon, and the line dies down after 1:30 pm. Copa is great for 2 people and also great for large parties. They have a basement that's great for accomodating large parties.
This is a popular lunch spot for the Penn student/faculty community and anyone who works in the Penn medical system.don't order the chips they're awful! I told our waitress they were stale and she was very nice but said that everyone thinks they're stale but that's just the chips they use.This place has the worst service west of the Schuylkill and east of the Mississippi. Don't waste your time or money.I went with 2 other people to Copabanana. We ordered 1 appetizer, 3 entrees, and 2 drinks. I got the steak quesadilla, which was fine but nothing spectacular. It was nice that the quesadilla came with guac. 
However, our waitress seemed to be too busy to wait our table. After giving us our meals, the only other time she came by was to give us the check. Our water was never refilled and we weren't asked if we wanted anything else. 
When we got the check, we noticed that there was a 18% gratuity added to the tab, even though there were only 3 of us. When we asked about it, we were informed that any bills over $50 had an 18% gratuity. Normally, I have no issue leaving a 20% tip but the service did not warrant an 18% tip. It felt like once our bill had reached $50, the waitress no longer cared about service. I will not be going back.From the outside you couldn't tell the food is amazing. Tried the fish and chips and the chocolate cake for dessert. I licked the plate. Prices super reasonable.My wife and I ordered from Copa tonight.
It was surprisingly good. Not great, but good.
I got the coconut shrimp. It was very tasty. It was crispy and flavorful. The dipping sauce was good too, just not enough of it. I enjoyed the pineapple and rice. Although, there could have been more rice.
The chopped salad was decent too. I like the mix of ingredients, especially the jicama.
My wife got the chicken tenders and really liked them.
It's a good bang for you buck type of meal.the happy hour deals here are the best! my favorite thing at copa is definitely the $5 lime margs if you go between 4-7pm. their cheap food options are mediocre choices, but the best thing on their menu is SPANISH FRIES WITH REAL CHEDDAR so delicious 10/10 would recommend!!! the reason i gave 3/5 stars because their service tends to be really slow which sucks (even though everyone is really friendly) and a lot of their other food options are expensive and mediocre...would still recommend spanish fries tho:)It's just that OK. Went out on a Monday looking for some specials ..drink specials were very limited advertised margarita for 5.00 an only let you get classic flavor and between certain hours. I ordered the nachos with chicken was not informed it was an additional 4.00 wasn't impressed with the nachos at all..missing some items. Did sit outside that was nice cause we had good sunny weather. Waitress was ok although she forgot my sour cream.2.5 stars.
I wandered in here tonight after getting lost and very, very wet. I stood at the hostess/Please wait to be seated table and no one bothered to make eye contact with me or acknowledged me. Went to the bathroom and came back. Again no acknowledgement until the bartender asked if I needed to be seated. I had the choice of a small table sanwiched right in the middle of a bunch of tables or the bar. I chose the bar.
I ordered a Paulaner and the Copa burger with Spanish fries. The Paulaner came pretty fast and was pretty tasty. It's always nice when you find a place that cleans their taplines. Too many places around here don't. The Copa burger and fries came out after a bit. The fries were smokin' hot so I ate a good portion of the burger first. The Copa burger comes with mild green chiles, Monterey Jack,  and bacon on it. The chiles were decent, as was the cheese and bacon. Unfortunately my burger, which I ordered medium well to hopefully get medium, was more like medium rare. Lots of pink and juices. I like a little juice but not that much. The fries were decent but I'm not sure they were "award winning". And how serving fries with little green chiles and fried onions counts as being Spanish, I don't know.
The service was ok, but not that great. It took a long time to get a second beer. It seemed like they were understaffed for how many people were there. That and/or I was getting ignored. 
I might come back again and see if this was just an off night. Right now I"m thinking it might be a place to get a beer and go somewhere else for dinner.I gave up eating meat but I get cravings for burgers. I'm so happy I found the  black bean burger. It's so good, chargrilled and you can add any toppings as you would for the beef burgers.
I've had it 3 times and have not been disappointed. It's a pretty big burger and with fries on the side it's a great lunch for about $8.Please train your cook or get a new one. Third time now that i get take out and its all burned up. Went in the trash last 2 times and told the guy taking my order on the phone to please make sure food is not burned but nope, same story this time around as wellThis is a great place to go after work but the drinks are high as Fuck. I ordered a top shelf long island ice tea that shit was $32. I thought it was a mistake.This is the second time that we've come here and it was great the first time... even better this second time. We got a three-course meal for just $25 and they were large portions!
Don't forget to try the buffalo shrimp appetizer it is surely to die for and spicy. The New York strip steak was thick, a large portion, juicy, and cooked to perfection. The Mahdi Mahi was very light and flavorful.
And finally the dessert was like a dream come true with the chocolate lava cake and Keylime pie!Phil and Lou good guys, my first time i think im in love.These guys were so nice You guys made my first visit Rock !!!! My sister and i had the best time,we ordered the chili nachos ,the chili had  a medium sweet taste it was delicious,needles to say, they earned a very good tip tonight. Smiley Face:).I went last Friday night. Typically places in UCity I don't bother with until the college students go on break. So I snuck in for a margarita and something with beans...I know bad combo. Any who, way too much ice in my shaker ,which. They do bring to the table. I scooped out the ice with my fork, guess what! To be kind it was 1/3 full. Where was the 1800 tequila I paid for? Idk....but the sip I did have was tasty. 
I'm vegetarian so I went for the black bean tacos...beans were bland. Which is disrespectful to Goya. I bought an appetizer, some foolishness called bubble bread. Don't get caught up in the alliteration like I did. It's garlic bread with some shredded parmesan on it. If that's what you want, go for it, but it tasted like frozen bread that was popped in a toaster oven. 
Otherwise...the server was kind. 
This place is designed for college students. They will eat and drink anything. 
In closing...Copa = Tom Foolery
2 stars cause at least they bring the booze to you fast. Only waited 3 minutes for my drink.I wasn't super impressed, but then again it is a campus area bar.
When I got there, the place was packed; there wasn't an empty seat in the house. But the crowd was pretty diverse in age from groups of college students to mid 40's adults.
About 1/2 an hour later, people started to clear out.  The service was slow though, since it took about 10 minutes to ask if I wanted anything at a 1/2 empty bar. Same with getting another drink; it took about the same amount of time before I realized I'd rather just leave than try to get their attention.
The music is pretty awesome, but it's not a dance type place. I've heard they have good happy hour specials, but I was so bored during the hour I was here, I probably won't be back.I came here on Wednesday for the "half-off burgers" special (burgers are half price from 11:30am-5pm), since it's pretty popular on Penn's campus. The service was extremely slow, and it took us around 10 mins to get seated even though we were in the front of the line, and the place wasn't full. The hostess then didn't bring us menus, so I had to go ask for them.
We ordered burgers -- I ordered the turkey San Remo, and my friend, a chicken sandwich. Mine was satisfactory, a little on the bland side, but I could have added some hot sauce. A good deal for 3.50 though.
However, when the bill came, my friend's "chicken sandwich" (that was really a burger), was not half-price. The waitress told us that because it was a "sandwich" and not a burger, it wasn't half price. All of the "sandwiches" are in the burger section in the menu, and there's no indication that the special doesn't apply to them. The waitress told us that this was the way it was, and didn't make any effort to tell us that it was fine this time, which is common etiquette. It was 3 bucks, so I didn't make a fuss, but it was still annoying - obviously she would have ordered a "burger" if we had known there was even a difference.came here with a couple of friends for the first time and had a chance to try their main selling burgers and fries and margaritas.
unfortunately, both the burgers and fries and margaritas were all average in my opinion, compared to other restaurants in university or center city.  
for the burger, you choose the type of meat you want and then a type of topping(s) below on the menu.  I opted for the Charleston, which ended up tasting like another average burger with meat quality average enough to not be too distracted from it.  
for fries, I tried their spanish fries which is essentially fries mixed with fried onions and peppers - fries overall were on the more moist, potentially soggy side, versus traditional fries that you imagine being more crisp.
you can also ask for their small side of garlic mayo which they will charge you for .59 cents per small cup to dip with your fries or put on your burger.  
for the margaritas, I opted to for the orange-mango frozen margarita which was average as well - it tasted more diluted in my opinion and not as well blended with some large enough chunks of ice to disturb the consistency of the drink.  If you get it on the rocks, they will give you the whole shaker to pour the margarita yourself.
I would say if you are looking to simply fill yourself up and eat with a friend or more in a casual environment, whether indoor or outdoor, this place is solid.  If you come for their daily specials, especially on wednesday's, when they have half off burgers for ~$5, this place is more worth it in terms of price and food quality. Enjoy!They keep changing their menu and the prices are so high I wonder how the college kids can afford to eat there.  The margaritas are great but you do pay a lot for just one .  If u order some other drinks depending on who is bartending you could either get a really good drink or a really water down one. 
Always seems to be crowded. So hard to find a seat at the bar.  There happy hour if you are able to make it is good. Especially when it's 5 dollar margaritas.When it comes to eating out, there's responsibility on both sides of the menu. For the restaurant, it is their responsibility to provide good service, a good environment, and of course, good food. For the dinner-goer, he or she must make their own judgment calls about what to order and why. I had it on good authority that these were some of the best margaritas in the city. I came ready to get my drank on. 
I made a mistake, though. I ordered a frozen margarita, which I later learned is made in a standard blender. It was the most bland margarita I've ever ordered. When you order it regular, non-frozen, you got 2-3 margarita's worth, in a big tumbler they leave at your table. Mine came in a small glass, with less alcohol and less drink than everyone around me. 
I'll be the first to admit: I made a giant mistake. However, I asked our waitress not once, but twice, if their frozen margaritas were good. She assured me they were delicious, but said it distractedly as she was saying something to another waiter, or as she was checking on another table. It was a busy Friday night, and I understand that she was covering a large section of the restaurant. Still, I wish that she had told me upfront how disappointing the frozen margs were: large chucks of ice not blended, watery. I felt like real sassy about it. 
The nachos we ordered were good, but sloppily made. Now, maybe I've been spoiled by El Vez and their black bean nachos, but for the price, they could have been made with a little more attention - and toppings, for that matter. I'll shoulder some of the responsibility with our poor experience at Copabanana, but I wish our waitress had taken more time to point us in the right direction. Also, if what I'm told about their regular margs is true then why does Copabanana even offer this unblended, icy chunk of disappointment?Oh, the copa. I loved this place, but I think it's time for a break. 
Pros: Food is always really good (although the nachos are not quite as good as I always want them to be), margaritas are awesome, beers are pretty cheap, convenient location for me, outdoor seating is great, great happy hour deals. 
Cons: The service...every time.I think the average waiting time for my bill to come (even after asking for it) is 20 minutes. I've had such bad service the past few times, but the last time was the worst. I had a waiter who I had previously had and didn't particularly enjoy. I asked for sour cream when I ordered, again when he dropped the food off, and then again ten minutes later when he didn't bring it yet. I also had an entire cheeseburger, ketchup and fries dumped down my back by another waitress. I've had her before and she's actually the only waitress there that I have decent service from. She paid for my $5 happy hour food, but my pants were pretty much ruined. I wouldn't let that be a game changer for me since it was an accident, but I just think that the awesome margaritas aren't worth the headache of the service.I gave up eating meat but I get cravings for burgers. I'm so happy I found the  black bean burger. It's so good, chargrilled and you can add any toppings as you would for the beef burgers.
I've had it 3 times and have not been disappointed. It's a pretty big burger and with fries on the side it's a great lunch for about $8.Really chill atmosphere. I went on weekend in the summer so it was a younger crowd there (great for college students). The bartender made my drink way too strong and I didn't enjoy so he recommended that I order a hurricane and it was amazing! The best thing about this bar is the reggae and r&b they play. And lets not forget their Jamaican jerk chicken wings. They are soooo good. Be sure to try them if you go. However tell them to ease up on the jerk seasoning because they sometimes may them a little too spicy.I placed an order on GrubHub, which I do regularly, and I listed an alternate phone number under "special instructions". They obviously didn't read the instructions because I had to call an hour after I placed the order to ask what was going on and they said the delivery guy knocked for '15 minutes'. Knocking on an apartment building door isn't going to get anyone's attention, especially when a phone number is listed. I'll order from somewhere else for my late night munchies.It makes sense that this establishment has three stars. Last Saturday evening I found myself at Copas because a friend was DJing a private party in their downstairs space. After patronizing the upstairs bar for margaritas and Spanish fries, both of which were underwhelming, we traveled downstairs and sat behind the DJ booth in a semi-private space where a table and chairs were arranged. During this time, a waiter walked through, observed us and continued. Soon after, another man (whom I later learned was the manager) came through the door and the first words out of his mouth were, "I don't know what you guys are doing back here but you can't be here." At the point at which you haven't offered a greeting, or thank you for patronizing, you have made it clear that you don't value your customers. His rudeness and abrasive energy continued. I will not be returning, nor will I recommend that any friends patronize this establishment.AMAZING food! It's a nice environment. Me and my friend went there twice in one week to get a bit and some beers. I would definitely recommend. And the waiters are always coming by to check that everything is ok :)If you are looking for a great happy hour in the University City area, this is it.  You can get a margarita for $5; they fill your glass and then leave you the shaker so its really like getting two for $5.  I do not recommend getting a double.  Their drinks are strong enough.  They also have some great nachos and the fajitas are delicious.  The staff are friendly and do a pretty good job of keeping on top of everything, despite the fact they are always pretty busy during happy hour.  One other big plus: they have plenty of outdoor seating and its in a good location for people watching.This place SUCKS!!!!!!! It has definitely fallen off since back in the day. The wait staff set u up to pay more money and do NOT inform you of the specials. Plus the specials end earlier than usual and they close way too early. There are so many better places to go in the area that you should NEVER ever have to go here. Save your money and enjoy yourself somewhere else! If you really want Copa Banana, go to the one on South Street.Your impression of Copa is highly dependent on what time and day you go.  I DJ there most Fridays but have also done Wednesdays, Thursdays & Saturdays and have gone there as a guest.  Fridays & Saturdays are primarily locals and quite gangsta.  Wednesday nights are college nights with cheap pitchers and lots of annoying college girls and boys.
I've become friends with lots of the servers there who are AWESOME people and hilarious.  Thing is, most are really busy and you'd have to catch them on a slow night to know that.
Food is EXCELLENT and the kitchen's clean.  Tyrone, the chef and barback, is one of my favorite people in the world and you are a lucky person if you get to see him dancing!they have a decently priced burger. service is also decent, nothing to write home about and not really an establishment i would be proud to bring my friends to. as stated in other reviews, a mixed / interesting crowd.Love the place.. Food is good. The tuna burger is great... Thanks to my sister for having me try it...Thanks for ruining our day... A review of Copa Banana 40th and spruce. 
1. Walked in and waited 5-10 min to be seated and there were no customers there 
2. We were told to seat ourselves, we grabbed our own menus, chose from all of the open tables 
3. Waiter comes by and is surprised that we got menus. Walks away and takes our order in another 10 min
4. At this point completely turned off, is this a roadside diner on a side road in Kansas. 3:50pm 9/11. Ordered nachos took 9min
5. Horrible presentation, cheese hanging off the edge and got all over the table, at least they have half priced burgers on Wednesday 
6. Should have just gone to QdobaWent for happy hour the margaritas are half price and so worth it and the Spanish fries with cheddar cheese were amazing...extremely crowded but you have to get there early...nice little spotThis was the worst happy hour. The specials were not worth it. Everything on the happy hour was the most basic option. Only 3 food offerings- chicken quesadillas, veggie quesadillas and nachos. But you couldn't add meat to the nachos and every option only came with pica de gallo sauce. No sour cream, meat or guacamole or anything. On top of that, the only margarita in the happy hour special was the classic. My server knew I was trying to enjoy the happy hour and let me order the fruit one, only to find out it later on my bill. I get it, but at the same time, I specially asked about hour hour. 
The meat on my beef tacos were extremely bland, as well as the entire taco. The only thing I enjoyed was the Spanish fries and the watermelon margarita, which I paid full price for so it ended up being worth it. Just very disappointed in happy hour and my tacos.I love Copa on Spruce! they have the best wait staffCinco de mayo. Hmmm, probably not the best time to go, but we were walking passed on our way home and decided to give it a shot. I believe it was filled to the max. Very hot, you're being bumped from every direction, but the crowd was very friendly. The crowd was very diverse in terms of age as well. We ordered margaritas but they were too sweet to my liking. The bartender was a doll and could tell I did not enjoy my drink and made me another. I will say it was very hard to move around. The main pathway that had people filled within it was also the path that the waitresses were taking to deliver food. I have never been a big fan of their food, but the Spanish fries have always been good to me. I'd tell anyone to try it once.Went here once, late on a Friday night. A large woman sitting at the bar started puking up blue vomit onto the bar and her body.  Her friends walked her outside to sit half-conscious on a chair outside the door, while they continued partying inside.  
While the event killed my appetite and sobered my drunken stupor, I can't say I'm never going back.  Open late, cheap eats, a diverse and lively mix of Penn students and West Philly clientele.   
Just make sure to go with friends you trust.Was going to go to Bridget Foys for lunch, but always wanted to try this place so I did, and I won't be back.
Really had a taste for nacho's. Worst nacho's in Philly. The chicken cubes, which weren't many, were cold, there was very little cheese and the dish itself was like half cold and half luke warm. The burger was ok, at least it was warm, but not very juicy.
The "iced" tea, was luke warm with no ice cubes. I finally got a refill with a little ice, but by that time I realized this was not a good place.
Not sure how other Yelpers rate this place with 4 and  stars after the meal we had.
If lunch is mediocre at best I can't believe dinner is much better.They have really great customer service i just prefer the food on south street betterI find the name of this place amusing.
It works well as both a bar and a restaurant.  It's not exactly my scene as a bar, so I've only come here to eat earlier when it's less crowded, but I can see some people really liking this place.  Like Nicole pointed out, this place has a young crowd, read "college".  Whether or not this place is crowded depends a lot on the night and the time of the semester, which tells you something: I live around the corner and walk by frequently.  Once Penn ended it went from super lively to very low-key.
The music they play has a pop / R&B feel to it, it's fairly mainstream stuff but within that it's seemed to be music that I tend to like a little more--slightly deeper, mellower vibe but still fairly energetic, which is congruous with the dark but somewhat colorful decor.
Food?  Good burgers, reasonably priced.  Convenient setup allowing you to choose your burger and style (toppings) separately, chicken, turkey, and veggie options alongside the normal beef.  I like the one with guacamole best.  Fries have the skin on which is good.
This place is solid.  I like it.I have been going to COPA for years and I love it! Their food isn't extraordinary or anything but it's dependable (we like the wings, burgers, and quesadillas) and their margaritas are the best! They have good Happy hour specials too and being located right next door to the arcade makes it a perfect place to go with your kids for dinner and then over to the arcade for some fun after! For the best deal, go between 4 and 5 on Mondays, you can get $5 Mondays and $5 Margaritas!Copa is a nice place to come if you want burgers or margaritas. It is pretty decent food and service and the margaritas are great. Drinks a bit pricey though, except during happy hour where traditional margaritas are half price and they give you a full shaker which is about three glasses full.
I also thought it would be cheaper on Wednesdays because there are half-priced burgers 12-5 but when I ordered a chicken sandwich as my base instead of a "burger" the full priced "sandwich" appeared on the bill. When I asked the waitress to change it she explained that even though they are in the same section to choose as a base a "sandwich" is not half price because it is not a "burger." I told her that if I had known that then I would have ordered a turkey burger instead so that they should probably tell people that in the future but she was unsympathetic and did not respond or change our order. In summary, do not order anything except the items that actually say "burger" on the menu if you go for Copa Wednesdays.The environment is nice and brunch is good. like t he fried potato and omelet! It is a traditional bar and maybe next time I'll try something different.Good food, Spanish fries are a better choice over regular fries especially if you can handle spice. Great drinks that are not watered down.The pina coladas are exceptionally weak, and taco bell will serve you more authentic Mexican. The burger selection looks pretty decent though.Highly recommend going here if you want Mexican. Thursday margarita specials are awesome, but it can get crowded fast, so show up early. They have great burgers, too. I have been here several times and it has never disappointed.I've never had problems sitting down, but my deliveries have never gone right.
Ordered online, gave 2 contact numbers. After 2 hours I call and say my food hasn't arrived yet. They claim that they called, but neither phone has a missed call, voicemail or text. I had to pick up the food myself, and while the woman in person was nice the man on the phone was not. Food was obviously cold, and below expectations.
You're better off going with Mad Mex or Bobby's Burger Palace.Came here for a school event. I didn't get to pick the food, but there were wings and they were pretty good. Drinks were strongIf all you want it a cheap margarita, go for it.  Otherwise, avoid it like the plague!  The food is not worth it.  And if you think you're getting a special, think again.  They don't honor their coupons.The servers are friendly, the food is tasty, and they have magner's cider. I usually try and make it out on Thursday nights to catch Jim and Shakey play the blues. If you dig on blues, you should really try and catch these guys. Jim Trainer and Shakey Lyman are really great. They mostly play straight up blues, but they do some Tom Waits, Dylan, and Johnny Cash covers.
-----Update-----
I switched this from 4 to 3 stars, because to my understanding there was a hiatus of Jim and Shakey playing, Not quite sure what the deal with the management was, but haven't been back since. I'm sure its alright for drinks, but thats not why I went.This was my first visit to the University City location, I'm a big fan of the Copa on South Street. I ordered a local microbrew, a veggie burger and their famous Spanish Fries. 
The food took a while to arrive but I wasn't in a rush. When the food arrived I had two bites, it seemed eddible but cold. I attempted to get my waiters attention for 15-20 minutes just to microwave the food (it's bar food and I'm really not picky) but he was busy attending to other tables. They were way understaffed, there were two servers and no bartender for the entire restaurant.  I overheard another table gripping about the delay.
I can't really comment on the food, it was too cold to eat.One of the few places I'll order a margarita, they're so good! The burgers are also excellent. Perfect after a long day in class or at the hospital.Copa has become our post-exam hang out and chill lunch spot! Especially on Wednesdays when burgers are half-off  Not eating beef always makes me nervous on burger days, but they had a wide selection of non-beef burgers! 
I ordered the turkey burger with Monte Carlo gourmet burger toppings (mushroom and cheddar yummmm). The turkey was overcooked and quite dry... the waitress also mixed up my fries order with my friend's but it wasn't a huge deal. We were a party of 8 so we were seated in the back corner. We ordered a pitcher of sangria (which I can't find on their online menu actually...) and it wasn't that strong... but it was sweet and was similar to a strawberry daiquiri if that's what you're looking for. I really enjoy sweet alcohol so it was fine for me. 
Personally, I don't think I'd come to Copa on my own if not for their specials/deals (price) or if my friends decided to go (good location/convenience). When the weather is nice out, they have outdoor tables and open their windows so the ambience is very casual and chill which I like a lot.I've only been here for half price burgers Wednesday, which is 11:30am - 5:00pm. It gets really crowded. Their Spanish Fries are probably one of the greatest things that I have ever eaten, make sure you get them with cheese. They're well seasoned and the jalapeños add a nice kick. Burger-wise I've gotten the Yucatan, Acapulco, and Buffalo. You really can't go wrong with any of the toppings, they're all super delicious. Meat is very tender and tasty. Medium rare is cooked to juicy perfection.Affordable and deliciously binge-y.
I had a $25 off $35 dollars GC from restaurant.com and so without buying alcohol, we could have brought someone along. Dishes  were about 7-16 dollars, heaping appetizers up to 9. YOU WILL SEE SOMEONE ORDER SOME FANTASTIC LOOKING FRIES OR NACHOS... THEY ARE AS GOOD AS THEY LOOK. They're heaped with pretty much everything ever on them, from old bay to cheddar, fried onions, peppers, salsa, other spanish whimsy.... An awesome appetizer that will cause doggy bagging off your entree.
You can go fancy or go sandwich here, all is yummy.
Wait staff is pretty nice and they have good recommendations.
Now, they have lots of interesting alcoholic beverages. In happy hour, I'm sure they're a great deal. We shared a shaker of watermelon margarita at regular price and didn't finish it between us, though it was 8.50 I think, because it tasted like the watermelon was spoiled. :-/
But that's just because we tried to be crazy. I'm sure normal margaritas are wonderfully nommy, ours was still good except for the aftertaste. We didn't try to send it back.
Anyway, it's a nice casual atmosphere, tables near a bar, moderate lighting. We spent 13 dollars on our 35 dollar bill with GC (well, plus tip), and took home an extra dish for the next day. Yummy, extremelyyyy filling :)This place has THE WORST delivery service ever.  I ordered several months ago and not only recived my food over an hour late, but was charged for food I did not recieve.  When I reached out through the customer complaint link on the site, I received no response at all!!  Trying to give it another chance tonight, my food is agin very late.  Bottom line, Copa University City does not care about it's delivery customers at all. Not sure why they even offer the service.  I will never order from there again.Absolutely abysmal service. We went for lunch and the waitress literally forgot that we had ordered, came over to our table to get our order again 30 minutes into us waiting for our food, and we weren't offered water.Someone told me this place had the best burgers in Philly. Apparently, Copabanana also shares this opinion about itself, based on its advertisements. Curious, I decided to give it a try, ordering a burger, Spanish fries, and a peach margarita. 
Like some other reviewers, I am also intrigued by the burgers. Although I ordered mine medium rare, my burger came out gray in the center instead of pink. They had literally cooked the **** out of it. No wonder it took 45 minutes for the food to arrive. It was like a piece of cement, sandwiched between two pieces of crumbly, stale buns. 
Onto the fries... This may be a matter of subjective taste, but I tend to prefer my fries crispy instead of soggy and oily. These so-called "Famous Spanish Fries" were basically a chewy mass of under-cooked soggy potatoes topped with melted cheese, peppers, and onion. Yummy. 
However... my peach margarita was awesome (hence, the two stars instead of zero, if that were possible). It was pricier than a margarita one would get at fancier restaurants, but if you live a block away and have a sudden/urgent margarita craving, this place will not disappoint. Just stay away from the food.The best thing about this place is the super cheap margaritas during happy hour. 
Otherwise the food is just okay, quality and price wise. The service is fine. And the margaritas themselves are just boozy lime juice.I'm honestly shocked that this place doesn't have better reviews. I've been here several times and it's always fantastic. Best margaritas I've found yet in Philadelphia, and cheap!! If you go during happy hour (or any time on Monday) you can get one for $5, and it's basically the size of 2 margaritas because they bring you extra to refill your glass, and they're not even stingy with the alcohol. Even not during happy hour, I haven't found a better value. 
Food is good, too - Spanish fries spectacular, everything else I've had there definitely solid as well. Really friendly service, too. Basically everyone should go here all the time, but not really because then I'd have to wait for a table.Food is FINE. I had a big salad with chicken and BF had burger. I ordered a blueberry lemonade cocktail - but they were out of the blueberry vodka and they replaced it with something. Was pretty tasty. We were there around 10:30pm on a Friday and it was DEAFENINGLY loud. It ruined the night. Everyone around us in the front area of the place was laughing because we couldn't place orders - the waitress couldn't hear. My boyfriend asked the waitress if she'd be able to ask for it to be turned down a little and she said "we've already tried." Other diners were complaining too - you couldn't hear what the person sitting across from you was saying. What a stupid waste - to pay $5 cover and then not be able to hold a conversation. Will not return.Best place to go if you want to be ignored!!! Came at 6:40 to squeeze in the last bit of happy hour. Sat at the bar and the bartender said he'd be right with us, then proceeded to fool around and clean his area for five minutes. So we decided to sit at a table for quicker service. What a mistake! Four waitresses walked past us avoiding eye contact while we waited. Finally at 6:55 I went up to the hostess to ask if there was a waitress that would come to us. With the biggest attitude she told me my waitress would come when I sit at my table, and pointed for me to go back. This place is an absolute joke and I will never be coming back.I loved the wild Wild West bison burger! Better than I expected. The fries were good too. It was louder than I wanted for conversation. The music randomly got louder at times. Our server was nice. I will be back!Really laid back venue located in the Penn/University City area. I went in knowing that this establishment was known for its margaritas and was even tempted to take advantage of the fact that I was there on a Margarita Monday (or whatever it's officially called), but my heart was drawn towards another beverage choice. 
Anytime there's an opportunity for me to partake in anything that has to do with apples or hard cider, 9 times out of 10 I am not going to pass that up. The 'Angry Bomb' consisting of Angry Orchard and Jägermeister did not disappoint this apple beverage fanatic. 
The bacon cheeseburger that I ordered -- not much to write home about. The fries were actually pretty good.
The next time I go back, it will be for the fries and the apple-flavored beverages.I think this place is underrated. I've tried a veggie soft tacos dish, the molten chocolate lava cake, and a side of mac & cheese and I was impressed with all dishes. Prices are low and portion sizes are big, and so it's a perfect spot to hit up in University City! 
Definitely want to take more advantage of the deals (like half priced burgers) so will be doing that in the upcoming months or so.The potato skins are good.. burgers are sometimey.. Margaritas are the best.. Though they charge you for EVERY SINGLE THING THEY CAN... They charge for lettuce... tomatoes.. onions.... even Takeout... THEY CHARGE FOR TAKEOUT!?  I'm being serious.. they literally charge you a dollar to pick up your own food.. it may even be illegal.. will have to look that up. I have the receipt. The staff likes to congregate near the end of the bar and talk about NSFW subjects.. but the bartenders are cool. I go here because they're the closest restaurant to my house but if another burger/maragarita place were to open nearby.. I'd probably think twice about stopping here..Wow, you're thinking -- generous update. I came here for lunch with my boyfriend because we wanted something nearby and he wanted a mimosa (it was Sunday). I got a chicken breast sandwich "San Remo" style, with garlic spinach and provolone, and it was actually fantastic! And -- most surprising of all -- our service was efficient and amazing (it may have helped that it was 3 in the afternoon). We sat outside in the sun and also got Spanish fries, which were the bomb. It was really a five star lunch, and the only reason I knocked one off was because of my negative experience last time. Glad I gave it another shot. I guess the moral of the story is come for lunch and come at odd hours.I came here for the "half-off burger" Wednesday deal! I got there pretty early, but by 12:30, the place got super packed pretty fast. 
My sister and I ordered the Beef Sirloin burger with the Monte Carlo topping (mushroom and cheddar) and another with the Yucatan topping (fried onion, jalapeño, and jack cheese). Personally, I was a little disappointed by their burgers. Maybe I came with too high of expectations...but I didn't enjoy the burgers as I had hoped. I felt as if they skimped out on the toppings. The burger was not very flavorful and it was kind of hard. Sadly, even the fries were a disappointment. 
However, I think the  1/2 half off deal is pretty nice! The fact that it runs from 11:30am-5pm gives a lot of time for people to make it! I've also heard a lot of good things about their $5 margaritas for Mexican Mondays, so I'm definitely giving this place another try for their solid deals!So I have been to South St a million times....Boyfriend lives in South Philly....we wanted something different so I signed onto a variety of sites and read reviews...and decided to try this place.
OMG.
Delicious.
The atmosphere is odd...it's cozy and crowded and loud and quiet all at the same time.
The bar was packed and it was kinda difficult to figure out how to get a table...but we got one.
The server was nice...prices are good...service is fast.
The wings...OMG...I'm a burger and wing freak....The wings are probably the best I've ever eaten. I got the spicy honey garlic wings...and a burger.  My boyfriend and I are still talking about how awesome dinner was....days and days later.
I'll def. be going back....preferably when I don't have to drive home....so I can have Monday Margaritas!I had pretty low expectations coming here for dinner and drinks. Sadly they were met for the most part. The general decor is pretty dingy. Tables that have seen better days, sticky floors, and bathrooms that could be cleaned more than one a day. Our server was friendly, but our food took FOREVER to arrive - most of us had sandwiches and burgers! My margarita was okay. I wish they had actual margarita classes and not martinis, but I appreciate that they gave me the shaker. I rarely complain about something being too strong, but my drink was literally just tequila. I asked for a shaker with just mix to even it out a bit. I had the Charleston burger. The toppings were tasting, the bun was soft, and the medium rare patty was....raw. I didn't want to wait for another one, so I ate around the middle. The bonus was the extremely stomachache I suffered for several hours afterward.Staff is ok.. atmosphere is ok.. it gets a little crowded in there so be aware on Mondays... but the drinks!!! Honey! The drinks are sooo good!!I came to town to visit a friend, and since it was still early, we decided on this place for brunch.  The logo has an intriguing font... it can be hard to read if you aren't familiar with it, haha.  We entered and couldn't help but notice the high amount of green everywhere.  It turns out there was a St. Patrick's Day bar crawl going on in town for the weekend.  I was caught off guard since the bar crawls usually happen the week before, the week during, and the week after.  The first week in March though??  A tad strange, but hey, celebrate anyway!  
We got in at 12:55 and realized that they had $3 mimosas until 1:00.  Thankfully, we were able to fit in one while waiting for the rest of our party.  As soon as they arrived, we were immediately seated at a table and started picking stuff to eat and drink.  I decided to get the Nutty Squirrel, a sweet hot drink which was delicious!  For my meal I got the banana stuffed french toast on challah bread.  It was an amazing decision.  I got a side of chorizo sausage, but it tasted somewhat burnt.  I can't say that I enjoyed it all that much.  
Overall, good food... but the service was somewhat slow.  The drinks and food both took a bit of a long time.  The french toast was worth the wait though.  Also, when requesting egg whites instead of eggs, we were told that the cooks can but usually don't like to when it's busy.... instead of a direct no, it was a "eh we could but don't feel like it right now" answer, and that rubbed me the wrong way.
In conclusion, if you're doing brunch, GET THE FRENCH TOAST.Exactly what you would expect at a restaurant with the word banana in the name.
Friendly staff, friendly prices - this place should really only have one $ there's not an entree over $20 here, outdoor seating is nice. 
The food was fine, I wouldn't take a date here but for a meal with friends it's good.  Applebees-core.
Only complaint involved the timing of the delivery of extra buffalo dressing.  It was requested when food was initially delivered and didn't show up until after we'd finished eating, leaving a very confused food runner.
Also margaritas are pretty small, taste was good.Mixed feelings about this place, My girlfriend and I came here for drinks and a snackaroo.  The electric blue margaritas were tasty. I LOVE the bizarre decorations its a major trip out.  I wanted to try their "famous Bubble Bread"  what ever the fuck that is, I was expecting some futuristic type toaster strudel.  Garlic bread on white bread sums it up.  GOD AWFUL.
BATHROOMS - V.O.M.I.T to the tenth power.I had to try this place out because I was always passing by and seeing people eat these amazing looking Nachos. 
I took my 2 kids with and we not only enjoyed the food but we had a blast with 2 of their ever so friendly/Cool waiteress. 
The nachos were as good as they looked, and the Burgers were really tasty also large. I could of shared mine with my daughter it was so filling. 
It tasted like the burger came right off a BBQ pit. So much flavor. 
I recommend this place, it's was clean and the prices were fair.My experience at Copa last night was highlighted, not by the fare or the folly of our ditsy server, but by the sheer happenstance of getting front row seats to the 4th-and-South-Show...curtain call at 7PM.  We strolled in as the staff was collecting the outdoor seating arrangements, and closing entrance to the front door.  We sat down wondering, "Gee, what are earth could be happening outside?  Why are there sleeveless shirt cladded men wielding construction equipment working on the street and yellow taping it on a Friday evening?  Why are there 10 bike cops outside pushing back ballsy youngsters on their skateboards/bmx bikes?  Why are the construction workers sticking those Ghostbuster-esque gauges into the open sidewalk holes?"  
Our questions were quickly answered by our otherwise preoccupied server.  "Umm, like, there's like, this gas leak, or something?  They're closing off access to the road.  But at least you guys get, like, a good view being by the window and all."
Nice.  So the fears of an explosion threat subsided in equal proportion to the amount of margarita that we imbibed.  And, a tasty margarita it was. 
The view definitely improved with the witnessing of a reality show camera crew that was taping a meter maid ticket a Ford Explorer that belonged to a man eating at a nearby table.  Yeah, we watched him leave his party and attempt to finagle his way out of the inevitable.  Top that off with watching Brian Adam's tour bus negotiate the most wicked and efficient 3 point turn in the middle of a partially closed intersection on South Street on Friday evening.  I take it he was already backstage at the TLA, or else I would have been out there next to the dude with the jackhammers and the gas gauges singing that Robin Hood song at the top of my lungs.  (I've had 2 double margaritas at this point.)
So, in closing, the drinks are where it's at.  The food is not, but it will do a wonderful job of counteracting the drinks, as long as you don't drink as much as I did.I use to love Copa's but I have to be honest and say I have seen mice in here twice months aparts. The first time I said ok they're doing construction not their fault but the second time. Lets be real, you have a problem and its a real health hazard, which is disappointing because I love their drinks. The proof is in the pictures, the managers are aware because they were quick to pick up our tab, but the problem remains. Also the new menu is horrible. The only thing I like now is the drinks and the spanish fries if I ever go back.The 4 stars (instead of 5) are for the monstrous hangover I am currently experiencing. That's it for my full disclosure...
The margaritas were fan-fucking-tastic. I recommend the classic margarita, but my girlfriend will probably recommend the rasberry flavored. Either way, a double order will get you a good 4 glasses of the tequila goodness. 
Accompany that with the heart stopping crab cake sandwich and you are all set for the evening. The remoulade they serve with the crab cakes is super tasty. 
This is not fancy eating at all, the decor reminds me of a cheesy Jimmy Buffet song and the food is best for sopping up the excess tequila. But if you get a seat by the window while they are fixing a gas leak in the street outside (or any other Friday night on South Street) you are bound to be greatly entertained by the shenanigans of drunk suburbians.Copa on South Street was my mainstay for several years after tai chi classes at The Painted Bride.  Those days are only for reminiscing now, but the taste and zest of Copabanana remains a trigger to my salivary glands. I have returned on occasion, and still loved the dirty ambiance, lusty margaritas, incredible Copaburgers (extra jalapenos, please), and the earthshaking Spanish flies...er...fries.  My son, now 12, has gone with me, so another generation is preparing to take its place where Friday night legends are made (and oft forgotten by Saturday morning).  
What others Yelpers say about the conditions in the joint is true, but the best Tex-Mex food is always found in the dingiest hole-in-the-wall places.  Am I right? At least you know there are no cleaning agent molecules in the air to settle on your food. 
These days I try to stop in before or after a 76'er game.  Copa still possesses that "in your face" attitude that I have loved, lo these many years.
May it always be so.
Amen!Good food, reasonably priced, decent beer selection, but glacially-paced service. I normally don't care, but it took me 25 minutes from the point when I finished my food to get the bill, and I probably waited a half hour for the food. At a certain point, you do want to clear out once you're finished eating and drinking. Honestly, probably 2 and a half stars.5/25/12 was the first time I came here. I'll admit, it's pretty small inside and you really gotta be careful going upstairs but upstairs is really not bad. The service is really good, the food and drinks are really good. I've brought my friends here or ran into them here. I do drink Coronas here but not all the time. I like that they don't charge you admission and that there's no dress code. Security is pretty cool. I know they gotta card people but there was one security guard who has seen me many times before and he didn't always card me.Copa is known for having the best Margarita's and burgers in the city.  They food is good and the drinks are refreshing, but ocassionally you'll get a knucklehead server and things go VERY bad.
Overall I prefer Copa 2 because they do Blackened Chicken and it tends to be a little quiter and a lot better consistency  of the service, but when it comes to watching the wachos walking South Street, it's got to be the original.7pm on a Saturday night, 2 minute wait (she was wiping down a table), she like ran to the table, good thing its a small place but she dropped the menus, utensils and napkins on the table and then left. there was no "welcome to copa", "how are you guys?", "your servers bob, he'll be right with you..."...there was nothing. oh well, maybe shes busy.
so our server finally came to our table after i had read the whoooooole menu and decided what i wanted for an app, my drink and meal... he said "ill be right with you" and came back in like 5 minutes. lets just say the servers looked like they were busy but how can they when its such a small place. overall, he was nice and efficient i just didnt understand why they seemed so busy/rushed.
spinach artichoke dip for an appetizer. it needed seasoning... i added sooo much salt to it! i shouldnt have to do that.
cannes burger- delicious!
copa burger- not bad! (i liked mine better though)
regular margarita (house tequila) with salt & strawberry margarita (cuervo) with sugar... we ended up switching margaritas because we like each others better... i must have refilled my martini glass like 6 times, if not more. overall, get the double!! its worth the price!Place has a great atmosphere, kinda small and crowded but worth it. The wings were great and the service is good. The quesadilla with Jamaican jerk chicken was amazing prices are cheap. I recommend this to anyone visiting philly. Made my philly experience worth it. Wish we had this in NYYelp would not let me post a one star review.  Sat down outside today and waited at the table for 40 minutes.  Usually I would go inside to see what was going on- but it started getting comical so we waited to see how long it would. E before the waitress would come to our table.  4 tables outside.  2 were occupied, empty table and us.  She waited on the one table only.  We finally decided to walk away and go to Petes Sake.  We live nearby, so have been to copa before.  We know it's extremely filthy and has been shut down numerous times- we just wanted a margarita!  
I wouldn't risk ordering food from the kitchenI think this place has decent food. Its been fairly reliable food wise all the times I've eaten there. Most recently I had mahi mahi with mango salsa and black beans. It was actually really good, and the price was good too. I've never been there for drinks, but I can agree with other reviews that say it is a Philly institution; been there as long as I can remember anyway.I went here for a few drinks the other day.  Their margaritas are strong and delicious.  I also tried the Copa Lemonade which is vodka based.  It was a bit sweet for my taste but I would order it again.  I would recommend getting a burger while you are here.  I noticed a lot of other patrons order burgers so I ordered the Cannes burger which is the blue cheese and bacon burger. It was a decent, well made burger. 
The inside is in need of a bit of refreshing.  It doesn't look like the cleanest place but I enjoyed the couple hours I spent here. The atmosphere was enjoyable. The line to get a table was pretty long but there was adequate bar seating.  
I will definiately be going back here.The food here is pretty decent. We got the steak fajitas. Flavors great. Service on the other hand was terrible. Our waitress, Krystal, didn't check on us for over an hour! We were outside when it started to rain asked for an umbrella for our table. We were told they had no more. When we moved inside, we sat at a table with UMBRELLAS folded up behind us. This is an example of pure laziness. Not wanting to see if there are other umbrellas nor wanting to put them up. Would come back, but a didn't location. Also, gratuity was added for an amount she didn't deserveSorry to report that it's still only good for margaritas and Spanish fries.  
Went for lunch and sat outside on South Street.  Ordered a simple burger and asked whether medium allowed for a pink burger and was assured it was.   Not so.  Burger cam out well, with no moisture left.   To add insult to the situation, when I asked for a side of mayo to make the burger edible, they charged me $0.25 for the ramekin!!!!!
With so many options, this was a first/ last for me.  Second star is only for the margaritas.Can across this place, during the Cinco De Mayo festival. Ordered a burger and it was decent. It didnt have tons of flavor like expected, but maybe it would be different if I were in the restaurant. 
I did enjoy a Margarita's thats what they are known for and after 2 sips, I could see why :)Copabanana... 
Lets see.... 
I walked in from the street and into a dark bar..everyone sort of turned to look at me like I was interesting to look at?.. hahha. I let loose my cute smile and make my way over to the right side of the room to another bar they had situated. This place wouldn't have been a first choice for me, I was actually meeting a girlfriend I haven't seen in years, and suggested we get margaritas!!! She knew this place had good margaritas.... had she pointed it out to me and said that I would have told her your fruckin nuts. LOL.
I am not a fruit margarita girl at all. I am a Top Shelf Margarita on the rocks with salt only kind of girl. But for some oddddd reason.. Maybe it was because of this bars ambience... I felt the need to order a strawberry margarita, and BOYYYYY did they give me a strawberry margarita...it was slamming!!!!
The bartender was a really awesome irish man. Whom I quickly became friends with, which I dont know was a good thing, because I kept getting tequila shots handed to me left and right and before you knew it.... I was pretty crunk, You can call me tippy tequila and i would have loved it. All in all... good margaritas... Only appetizer I had was the spanish fries...not a fan.
but if I am ever again in an odd mood for fruit margaritas... you might see me there.I went here for a cheese steak during my lunch and the food and service was really good and quick and not at all pricy. Would definitely go back!I used to go here all the time.  The burgers were great and the margaritas were awesome most of the time.  Great first date place.  The last three times it sucked.  Now the Copa was never known for cleanliness and I usually called upon my stomach acids to take care of any bacteria that made it into my burgers.  And I love anything that resembles a margarita.  The last time I went though they were terrible.  Clearly the bartender should have known better.  Plus the clientele seems to have changed and doesn't have that cheery atmosphere anymore.  Like a few other posters, I spent the night afterwards tossing up what I ate and drank that night.  Stomach acids failed me.  So sad...........needs a Bar Rescue.All kept thinking while waiting for my food was EWWWWW!!!
I had not been to this establishment in some years and i had loved the food. So, i brought a friend to eat there. Boy has it gone DOWN! First off all the carpet from the main entrance to the dining is stained even under the low lighting you can see it. The table we sat at was uneven. The booth had food stains and the carpet near the table was ripped and stained. The ceiling has some strange brown residue all over it. My friends fork was dirty. If this what is visible tocustomers as soon as you walk in i shudder to think what the kitchen looks like.The food was subpar. We both had the fajitas and mine was chicken. Ehich was over cooked and chewy. I will absolutely NOT be returning to this place. It is in desperate need of cleaning and renovation. It could really use a visit from Bar Rescue or Restaurant. Impossible because you can tell the owner has not placed any money into keeping up the place.My girlfriend and I go here sometimes to get a drink and chat. Atmosphere is meh, but their margaritas are great! We usually make them a double and they leave you with the shaker so you can just continuously pour them yourself which is nice. There guacamole and chips are decent. I actually like the chips more then the guacamole! The last time we were here I got the crab quesadillas and my girlfriend got the jerk chicken quesadillas and we were both throughly impressed! My crab quesadillas came with a really good sauce. I couldn't get enough of it! I've never had a bad server here. They have always been really friendly and attentive. 
It's directly next to the TLA so it's perfect for a nice little pregame before a show!I only come here for the Margaritas, that being said I am only rating this place based on the service I get at the bar and the drinks I get. All of which have been fantastic. I have a soft spot for their Neon Blue Raspberry, but also love all their other flavors as well. I enjoy how they cycle through different fruits throughout the year to keep things interesting. I wish ted still worked here though, that man could fly through mixing drinks and do it with style.The margaritas were all mix and little tequila. my tacos were the worst tacos i have ever had. the meat was dry, and burned. the salsa was disgusting. the place was also very dirty and gross.  its a real shame people go there at all. it promotes shitty service, shitty food, shitty compliance with health codes. i highly recommend drinking battery acid and dirt before ever thinking of going here.I can't believe I have never reviewed Copas after all the years of patronizing this solid establishment.  Now, I usually go the one location in University City on Spruce, but my last visit was on South St.  
Now, my 4 star rating is purely for the consistency of the good and drinks that you come to rely on when visiting any location of Copas.   The cleanliness and atmosphere is better at the University City location in my opinion.  It's not always clean and sometimes the South St location has shady looking people around but the staff at both locations are usually cool.
Regarding the food, I usually get a shaker of Pink Lemonade or Margarita and it's always hits the SPOT!!  The Nachos, Burgers, Chicken Tenders and Fries are usually pretty good and soaks up all the alcohol you will be drinking.  
If you are not sure - I say give it a chance - not on outward appearances, but on the consistency of the food that will be delivered.everything is super expensive but really low quality. we got "jumbo" margaritas for $8.95 each but they were basically just one margarita maybe less than they give you at other places for cheaper! also they were mostly lime juice.... we also got nachos and EW. the most disgusting thing i've ever seen lol! i've made better nachos at home when i was super drunk... only leaving one star because miraculously i didn't get sick after eating there. really bad!!! i'm never going again!!!!!!!!!Wouldn't recommend this place to expensive and horrible service from waiters food was okay would not come back and visit again ..can't split a bill up according to who ordered what and plus a 17% grautity added for 5 people or more just skip this place if you want something better go Jim's cheese steaksNot usually one to do this but i had to. If you're in the area passing by, keep walking. Worst cheesesteak ive ever had in my life. Plus my waitress seemed a little bothered to be there.Surprised it took me this long in my adulthood to check out Copa after the many time's I've passed it but now that I finally have, I can say that I haven't really missed too much.
We get there for lunch on a beautiful Friday afternoon to find out that the Fryer was down and we could not order anything from the menu that was prepared in the fryer ( that eliminates 75% of the menu not to mention for us Catholics,  Friday in lent meant no meat either.). We sucked it up anyway since we really came for the Margaritas. I will say, Margaritas were as good as they say. I had the blood orange and was greatly satisfied, especially because for $9, I got a large shaker with my drink that filled my glass atleast 3 times more.
Since we were limited, we decided on sharing the bubble bread which I will say was pretty tasty. The veggie quesadillas were also decent- nothing off the charts though. 
So I give it 2 stars for the margaritas and edible ( not overwelming) food, that's about itDon't go here!!!
We ordered 3 appetizers to share - guacamole, wings and chicken tenders. I've had better guacamole from a grocery store, but the other food was decent/typical bar quality.
The staff seemed really overwhelmed, but it was not crowded. Multiple tables were dirty and no one was clearing them. Our waiter was friendly, but the hostess/manager was extremely rude. She was arguing with another employee loudly about empty ketchup bottles. 
I was in such a hurry to leave this dismal place I signed my credit card slip left a cash tip and left. Only to realize they included 15% tip on the bill, so now I left a double tip for one of my worst dining experiences. I feel like I was taken advantage of - shady place with meh foodThis is the worst food I have ever ordered in my entire life. I got the chicken fajita salad and they couldn't have made it worst. The chicken was inedible (rubbery) and the tortilla salad bowl was soggy. I eat out a lot and am not a picky person at all, I just can't believe how bad this was. No stars.This is one of the exceptions where three stars doesn't mean I won't be going back.   I have mixed reviews, but over all, I enjoyed it.
I went for lunch so it wasn't crowded (which seems to be a common complaint).  Our server was attentive, until she clearly forgot about my friend's margarita. But, she did remember before we had to remind her, so that wasn't terrible. 
My burger was super yummy... it was medium-well like I asked and had tons of yummy blue cheese and bacon on it (I ordered the Cannes burger). However, their prices are a little steep for their portions.  For 8bones, I feel like a burger should at least come with a pickle (if not fries).  I was able to finish my entire burger (and I haven't done that in months) so the portions were fairly small. 
What really bugged me was their margarita selection.  Sure, they have lots of choices, but they're all jumbo sized.  I know $8 for a jumbo margarita is a fair price (it's like 1 1/2 $5 margaritas) but sometimes a gal just doesn't want a jumbo drink.  It annoyed me that I couldn't find a regular sized margarita on their menu... but maybe that's just because I'm cheap.  But my friend's margarita was nice (once it arrived).
I'd go back for lunch, when I feel like getting a jumbo margarita.  And next time, I'll probably just order the fries.I've lived in Society Hill/Queen Village for 10 years, and Copa used to be a really fun place to get margaritas and bar food. It has gone so down hill in the past year or two, that I'm actually sad about how much it sucks. The last two times I went, we waited forever to be seated (despite a relatively empty dining room), it took more than 10 minutes for someone to walk over to offer us drinks, and then our food came out totally wrong. When we asked to have the mistakes corrected, the server got very nasty and defensive. 
Today was the last straw, however, Once again, it took forever to get seated and no one came over to us for at least 15 minutes. Instead, two very bitchy servers looked at us repeatedly and fought with each other about who'd have to take our table. When I got up to ask the bartender if we could get a drink and a server to take our order, the server swooped in and snapped at me, saying he was "very busy and would get over to us when he had a second to breathe." I know things get busy, but there is no need to be so nasty! I'll miss the margaritas, but I don't need to be treated like dirt by the waitstaff! 
RIP Copabanana 
PS - The bathrooms have always been putrid, but the margaritas used to make it easier to handle!This is a good place to meet up and get some drinks. For food, I'll only suggest getting some appitizers and call it a day. The food on the menu sounds good but the taste is a whole other thing. Hotwings are overcooked and dry with lots of sauce. I had the jerk chicken quesadea (something like that) and that was ok. The drinks, margarita meh, had better and little pricey. 
The place is little small and the decor is more like being on a trip to colorville. Its good for meetups  and drinks. Thats all folks!!!This place is average at best, there is a very strange vibe about it tho. The service is very slow and the good wasn't that good, drinks were fine.. Would I recommended it? NO.hey! if you like termites in your drinks (or infested in your ice machine) and your bill not comped, go here. enough said.The Jerk quesadilla was good, tequila seemed a bit weak but the staff is on fire. They hustle, they're friendly and they handle the crowd well all night with no delays. 
 The hostess w/ glasses is so unbelievably cute. She fixed my lousy night just by being herself.Crowded restaurant with WAY too much hype.  Don't listen to the people that say, "OMG, you have to go to Copabanana on South St!!"  Weak margaritas and sticky tables.  When there are a billion other fine dining options in Philadelphia, why would you ever choose to go here?Awesome cocktails!!! The margarita is LIT!!!! Good crap talking with fellow Eagles fans and taunting the Patriots this Superbowl Eve ! #FlyEaglesFlyThe food here was ok at best. I had their spicy honey garlic wings and there wasn't an ounce of spice on them. They were fried crispy the way I liked but I tasted more grease and sweet barbecue sauce on them then any honey and garlic. I also had the fish tacos which were pretty good and filling but with an over abundance of a coleslaw dollop on top which was really running and sweet. My friends and I had just come in town from DC and wanted a quick bite to eat and so we stopped here. We got our fill but it definitely wasn't that good. If you're hungry, look elsewhereI freaken love Fletcher!!! Such an awesome bartender and good at making conversations! Also, everyone there is really great, to name a few Lauren Small, freaken Hannah, and Shayna...this staff is the best and i cant imagine going anywhere else!!Over all, the place was good. The burgers were delicious, my only complain are the fries. They're a bit drenched in oil. Our server recommended margaritas and we had the orange mango flavor and yummmm!!!!Atmosphere is fun esp with outside seating...waiters and bartenders aren't too
friendly, maybe their overworked or something idk... but manager Chris is super friendly and honered a discount on our bill bc of a check in coupon! Margaritas are good, however I wish they came in huge margarita glasses instead of tiny martini glasses, but they do give the rest of margarita in side so that's a plus...the wings are delicious and the doorman
Is fine :-)Completely disappointing experience. 
Thought it would be a good idea to go here for a bite and a drink before the Sonic Youth show. It turned out to be a very bad idea.
Our waiter was completely clueless. He disappeared for long periods of time, forgot our utensils, forgot our refills, probably forgot that he was supposed to be working.
The food was pretty bad. The place was completely dirty. The downstairs bathroom was closed. The upstairs bathroom was filthy. I really wonder if there is a manager in charge here, or just a buncha kids that were left to their own devices.We paid a visit to Copa Banana while out on South street and honestly I am only rating one star because none is not an option. It was a Tuesday night and whike the restaurant was mildly crowded it was nothing outrageous, yet the service was horrendous. We waited almost 15 minutes to be seated when there were open tables clearly visible. After being seated, it took another 15 minutes for us to order. We waited 40 minutes for our food and it did not come out properly. A tomato soup came out cold, the manager dropped the wraps for the fajitas and they forgot a grilled cheese. The wraps didn't even come out until we asked our waitress for them. We sent the soup back and then waited another 25  minutes for it to come back out along with the grilled cheese. There were multiple complaints throughout the restaurant about food coming out wrong and we over heard the waitress saying the cooks were drunk. We will never be eating at this restaurant again and certainly will not recommend it to anyone either.3 stars because the food was good but the service sucked. The food has never disappointed me here. The service on the other hand... is quite disappointing. We only saw our waiter twice that night & had to seek them out just to get the check. I would still recommend this place for late night meals. It is definitely worth the price!There's nothing special about this place, although, you can appreciate the atmosphere. It's not too crowded, which is nice if you don't want much noise. You also don't feel much of a rush here, which I think is both good and bad. Not only do YOU not feel a rush, but the THE SERVERS don't feel it either. One of the really disappointing things about this place is that they had several things on their menu and they had run out of it. Not only did run out of items, but one was no longer available (Mexican Coke).
I ordered a Philly cheese steak which tasteted pretty well to me. The only thing I wish was different was the dryness; if it has been more moist, I believer I would've liked it better. It also did not have peppers. The cheese steak was about a foot long and costed around $9.
One of the best things I liked from here is their Taco Tuesdays. On Tuesdays, you can order a set of three hard-shell tacos for about $7 and after that its unlimited tacos. The tacos taste like taco bell, but it's hard to complain when you can get an unlimited amount.This place is great! Happy hour is great I'm lit from my first drink. 5 stars anyone who rates lower is a loser and is not welcomeNever really cared for the food here but the drinks and drink specials especially margaritas are excellent!Disappointing! I kept hearing this place had the best burgers in Philly so before a concert at the TLA decided to grab one with a friend. Went on a weeknight and got seating right away. That was probably the last good thing about this place.  Burger was overcooked and dry and pretty bland. The worst part was half way through the meal the table next to us ordered fajitas which set off the smoke detector. The waitstaff all cleared out like cockroaches and left the patrons to listen to that noise for ten minutes, no joke. Hey, how about next time you open a door or waive a towel over the sensor.  
I don't want to be completely negative, the fries were not too awful. 
My advice, give this place a pass.very decent margaritas and love the jerk chicken quesadilla!This rating is based solely on my experience at the bar during a Flyers playoff game. The bartender, we'll call him Jimmy (because that's his real name), was obviously a fan and he made everyone feel welcome. The bar area is somewhat intimate, in that it seats only about 10 people and the bartender has no choice but to make it a comfortable environment for everyone. The drinks are affordable and it's a great location. Not to mention that it's a great spot to watch any Philadelphia sports teams win (or lose).
Overall, I think Copabanana is a great spot on the weeknights for a few drinks and a game. I would definitely say differently on a warm, busy weekend...Don't go by the looks of the place, This is the best place to get burgers, Spanish fries  and margaritas . Right on the money and such nice food.Never eat outside they ask for ID for you to eat outside   To make a long story short I gave them my ID to sit outside and never received my ID back WTF. What is the point of taking an ID to sit outside? I can understand holding a credit card in case run off on a bill but why do you take my ID and lose it ? Fuck this placeSo I'm not sure if it was the time that we visited or what but we came here after a concert right next door.
It was packed and we were hungry so we stayed. The staff at the door told us we could go to the Upstairs bar and it was more room. So we did and grabbed a table. Everybody has margaritas so I ordered one. It was super sweet. Too sweet and not tasty. 
The whole place needs a redo. They have carpet on the first floor and hardwood on the second. My feet where literally sticking to the floor.
We ordered wings bubble bread and fries. Because we were super hungry and it was late. It took about 30 minutes for it to come and none of the food was hot.
We had to order at the bar. So there wasn't anyone to check up on on us. There was 1 bartender and this place was packed.
I doubt if I would ever go back they need to clean this place up and serve hot food.  Not sure if it was bad because it was late but it was really bad.We stopped by for an afternoon drink. No one talked to me when I went in to be seated (as the sign indicates). We eventually just sat outside. 10 minutes later someone took our order of 2 margaritas. The margarita was nearly undrinkable. No alcohol, and whatever mix they used tasted like diet or something. Absolutely horrible. My friend ordered a beer and it never came. The service was terrible, the staff was rude and unfriendly. The sunshine outside and people watching on south street make the forced star seem somewhat reasonable. Do not go here.Check out the pics I added if you want to see the kind of people they keep on staff. I won't spend another cent of my money here.just was able to stop by again and was told the blood orange margarita was seasonal and not on the menu.  cry cry cry.  the margarita special after 7 was cheaper then the happy hour price, so I was a vvvvvery happy sipperThis place is a joke. 
The guacamole was watery. I wouldn't be surprised if it was defrosted.
It is overall dirty - interior, bathrooms, indoor air quality, etc.... 
The wait staff seems untrained and incapable of simple problem solving.Foods ok, magaritas are ok, everything is just OK.  Thats the problem though, nothing memorable.  It's nice and convenient if you're on south st and don't feel like the typical cheesesteak/pizza/ice cream vibe but you could walk east a couple blocks or off south street one block to Bainbridge and get better food.  Had the tacos and the beef was very, very, dry.  The corn shell tortilla tasted like freezer burn...YIKES.  I'd say for the location there are better options.  Service has always been fine and has never been an issue.Decent place to go for food on South St.  I've been a bunch of times.  This is one of those places you go to when you've spent the afternoon out on South Street and you're walking around with friends going, "Where do you wanna eat?" 
"I dunno, where do you wanna eat?" 
 "I don't care, you pick something."  
"No, you pick... I'll eat whatever."
Copabanana is where you wind up.  
Good menu, with something for everyone.  A lot of Mexican-ish stuff (their margaritas can be good, depending on what day you're there), with lots of American staples as well.  I recommend the meatloaf.  
Service can be iffy, and they are typically crowded so it takes a little while for your food to come out.
Not wonderful.  Not terrible.  I'd go again.I never have to wait longer than 15 minutes and their staff is very friendly, and the food is incredible! I'd recommend the fajitas, and a double margarita. We choose to go here when we have a night out and a babysitter which is seldom, go check it out!Best margarita ever. Service was great, food was good also. I usually go and it's crowded but last Sunday wasn't at all so I got to enjoy itgreat place for margaritas and burgers. can't go wrongOk I understand that the place itself is in desparate need of remodeling and a good cleaning, and that no one, NO ONE, should ever put a carpet in a restaurant, but overall it's not half bad. 
I went there last weekend for lunch with a friend. She had a burger and I had the tacos. I don't know, maybe it's because we were starving or maybe the food was actually good, but we enjoyed our meals. It's reasonably priced and our waitress was very nice and attentive too, so what more could you ask for?Gross.
1. Place is dirty and grimy. 
2. Burger=frozen patty w/ a slab of cheese thrown on it.
3. Spanish fries.  Fries were not crispy and just had chunks of tasteless cheese thrown around. 
Fail.Great margaritas, wasn't expecting much from the food but the burger hit the spot. Fresh bun and nice cuts of beefI have lived in Philadelphia all of my life and have never been to this restaurant until the other day. I have always heard good things about they're happy hours which I guess everyone has a good happy hour. I took my family the other day to my disappointment. I had the bison burger (14.00) which I believe at some point was frozen or tasted like it had been, also it was a perfectly shaped patty like the kind you get from the supermarket which leads me to believe this. My wife had the shrimp fajitas which hardly had any shrimp and the shrimp were perfectly round like the frozen kind you buy from the supermarket and they only gave her 3 tortillas wrapped in wax paper to keep them warm I guess which was plenty because they barely give you anything to put in them. My daughter had the steak fajitas basically same as my wives but small cubes of beef also tasteless. We had the Cajun calamari for an appetizer which was sloppily made, the calamari barely was coated with batter and they hardly give you any. My wife and I also had the patron watermelon margaritas which were only ok. As far as our server she was fine until we saw her repeatedly petting a customer's dog on the outside seating area then touching peoples plates and glasses, nice for the dog bad for the customers. I have a dog I would never do this even in my own house. The worst  part was when we got our bill ($$$96.00) gratuity had already been added and we were just a party of 3. I would never go back to this restaurant. All these awards this restaurant won for burgers ?? I don't know who was tasting them but they are not not deserved this place by no stretch of the imagination has the best burgers. Very disappointed.love this spot. happy hour is from 4-7 which is nice and long. i know on tuesday they have half priced burgers and they are really good with an amazing combination of toppings. we had bleu cheese bacon, so good. you can also choose a veggie burger, salmon burger, or bison. Im pretty sure it's fresh meat, very juicy and big. 
from the $5 apps (usually they are about $10) ive had the buffalo shrimp (very very spicy), calamari and jerk chicken/skewer shrimp. all are really good. especially the calamari which comes breaded and deep fried with breaded jalapenos which give it just the right kick.
the bartenders downstairs can be a little loud and uncouth (our guy last time was talking about getting oral pleasure from 2 girls at once and all kinds of profanity with it). It is a bar, and i expect to hear things like that - but usually more from other patrons and not the employees. 
There's a nice quite bar upstairs too, which not a lot of people know about - so when that is open i always prefer it up there. 
all in all, its a south street staple with decent grub and good specials.Granted, I'm four margaritas and a mystery blue drink deep...BUT...service at the Copa is exceptional. Try the nachos if your stomach can deal w the Zomg of the raspberry margarita bliss. Chris, ftr, is a fab bartender. Ask for him; his drinks are inspiring. I may hate him tomorrow. 
Anyone know where do the top stairs go??A couple of years ago I went to Copa on South Street and ordered some mexican food (either a burrito or quesadilla ) and two margaritas. I drank my first margarita while waiting for my food, and ordered my second when my food arrived. While chewing the food part of my second bite, I noticed something real hard was in the food I had in my mouth. I pulled out the object and it was a 2 inch long, sharp piece of metal in my food.
When I told the waitress I did not want the food and showed her the piece of metal I pulled out (and yes I had witnesses), she got an attitude and said "well, we can't put less than $10 on your card". WTF? No concern over the fact they almost destroyed my throat.
So yea, I don't go there any more.The only reason I'd ever venture into Copabanana is to visit my buddy and bartending mentor Neill while he's working  It's funny to see him in his little Copa shirt.
I actually like the burgers here too but am afraid of the kitchen so most likely I won't order them unless I'm really, really hungry (and drunk).  I'm not really a margarita drinker--too sweet for my well-honed tastebuds--but I will get the mango one.  I asked Neill to make me something that tasted like whiskey and it kind of did.  The music is pretty abysmal and the crowd annoying so this is in no way a Copa-rific review.I am hoping that items on their "special" menu will be available always!
delish drinks, delish turkey burgers, and all around fun
who could turn down a blood orange margarita????
most people rave about the fries-and make it their destination of choice for themI was so completely underwhelmed that I had to decide whether or not I was even going to bother writing a review about it. But duty calls...so here goes.
I came here with two other people and were seated promptly at a table outside. That was the best part of the experience. Our waiter showed up a while later, took our drink orders and disappeared for a while. Finally he showed back up and we ordered dinner, which was totally meh. (Nachos were smushy and the burger was nothing to write home about). We had to beg for utensils and napkins and waited for a long time, and ordered a second round that took about 2 minutes to arrive. Oh, and the women's room was out of order so I had to climb these scary dark steps to go to a WC upstairs and was walked in on even though the door was locked. Nice!
Whatever - you don't show up at the Copa on a Friday night and expect the meal of your life. Actually, according to these reviews and everyone else I've ever talked to, you don't show up at the Copa and expect the meal of your life ever. Unless you're nutty or something.I will start with, I have been here a couple times, found the experience all around average.
Tonight was a bit different. After ordering, and halfway through finishing our food, we saw a mouse running around towards the back dining area. Just unacceptable!We finished (kind of) paid and left, without making a big deal out of it. 
There is absolutely no way, this place doesn't know it has mice. The thing ran by twice, or maybe we saw 2.
The only good thing was our waitress, she was nice and attentive.
The place has an overall dirty look and feel, and this experience reinforced that notion.Dirty, dicey, divey, dive.  Decent and boozy margarita though, just enough alcohol to keep it antiseptic.We almost always hit Copa when in Philly since the Margueritas are fresh & the grub is consistently yummy, despite decades of less than cleanly digs. Today was a true exception; the blackened grouper was tough from over cooking, the reheated rice was old & dry, the slaw was heavy on the mayo & limp and the Spanish fries were soft & greasy . I wouldn't waste time here if the manager/owner hadn't completely ignored our comments! He actually looked away!!  The only professional was our server Rudy, who was attentive and had to actually face the customer. So turned off, I may never return.This place is always poppin! It's nice they actually I.d people because unlike a lot of south street bars filled with loud children. Atleast everyone here is 21 & ^ 
Margaritas are always a go to here since they're so good! Made with fresh juices and comes with a shaker to refill your glass a few times! 
Food is also great for when you're drinking. It hits the spot for any drunk belly. 
This place never fails me.I kinda like this spot....it's like a cool hood bar without being in the hood.   
-cool bartenders
-food looks tasty (I'm going to come back to try those buffalo shrimp-love those!)
-cool/non-pretentious crowd
I'd say come here to pre-game with a group of friends or stay the whole night and get trashed and still have a lil money in the bank to go to brunch the next day and cure that hangover :-)Went to Copa for a drink last night with my boyfriend. First off the place was nasty in that my feet were sticking to the floor as i walked. The Bar was packed but it was very noticeable that there was a lot dirty dishes around. I was told that you need to check in but there is not a hostess nor was there anyone from the restaurant acknowledging the people come in.  So when i asked the waitress how do you get a table since she was so adamant about us checking in. She was too busy... so guess what we rolled out. Never will go back. and will it recommend that you go either. 
**** This place is nasty and really deserves no ratings at all.