I had the chance to order the most delicious Sandwiches from Cosmic Catering. Peg and Adam were extremely helpful and professional. The Sandwiches were out of this world. We will definitelyl be back on our next trip for future regattas.One of the absolute hidden gems of delicious food in philadelphia. Everything is so fresh, tons of vegetarian options, so many great daily specials, sweets, smoothies. You can sit outside right in the water and people watch Kelly drive runners and bikers. The people that work here are also the absolute best and are always super nice to my dog. Ten out of ten.grilled chicken wrap was one of the best I've ever had, with the cucumber salad (small portioned for reasons unknown at the price point and how cheap cucumbers are) was totally satisfying...love the location and vibe...my girls enjoyed eating by the ducks and feeding them the bread left over.I appreciate this little cafe a lot.  It is locate to right next bike rental, entrance of boathouse row so I would say it is in prime location. 
In the winter, you want to grab hot coffee here and during the summer, you want ice coffee from this place. I mean this place would be doing great no matter what because of the location. 
But their coffee is actually pretty good, they make fresh fruit smoothies without any sweetener. Only fresh fruit in there. 
Their frittata was delicious, side salad and potato were fresh. Yum yum yum. I had veggie wrap before and it was yummy.  All food and drink looked very fresh to me and seems like people there make an effort to make this place pleasant. 5 stars.Fresh brewed tea with real mint and honey, need I say more?  Add to that wonderful service and a delicious egg and cheese on a kaiser (even a slice of watermelon to go with it).   It was a great place to take a break after biking on West River Drive...good food, nice service, not a rip off.  Hey!Peg and her staff are awesome (especially Tara). Thank you for helping us pull off an amazing baby shower for our friend.  The Regatta room was perfect and so many of our guests asked how we found the place!
The catering was delicious and pricing very reasonable.  The price paid included linens,  plates,  flatware,  wait staff and selected menu items. 
If you are looking for a great space to host an event try the Regatta Room at Cosmic Café.  There is also an outdoor space.Great, fresh food made to order. Beautiful environment and decent pricing. Perfect for a quick meal while exploring the areaNice place for a break if you are out for the day on the water or parks. Prices are expensive but not a whole lot of other options. Got some ice cream and a cool drinkI like this cafe a lot. The environment is nice and the background music is great too. Def worth coming whenever ur jogging or biking along the river!!I have walked by this place hundreds of times and today, I finally stopped in. The food was great. I was hesitant because I thought the food would be greasy and it wasn't at all. Now that I have dined here, it will be very difficult for me not to stop in for a treat.Great place to stop along the river!  Great bagels, awesome owners and friendly staff.  They are 100% dog friendly.  Love the bagels, fresh juices, and great coffee.  Wonderful little spot to stop along the trail.This is a nice stop in Fairmount park for a drink, snack, or lunch. The do have a lot of healthy choices. We have never been disappointed in a purchase from there. We will sit at one of the outdoor tables or at a nearby bench. Near the museum, boathouse row, etc.Fresh pressed juices with a river view. Cucumber juice with kale spinach parsley and lemon is a favorite of mine. They also have various lemonades and limeades but have a bit too much sugar in them for my personal taste. A great stop after a run or a bike ride.Great location and I'm always hopeful that the food will improve to match. But alas I'm always disappointed. The black bean burger was flavorless with a lot of mustard. Not being adequately cooked didn't help either. My friend ordered a turkey wrap and said the turkey was dry with an odd taste. The Mac & cheese I ordered for my daughter was less inspired than even a box of Kraft.I was looking for a banana split, but the egg salad sandwich on toasted multi-grain bread with a side of the cucumber salad was delicious! Prices were especially good too considering the portions were generous. I will make it a point to enjoy other fare there when I walk the drive with my daughter and grandson. It made the day even more enjoyable.Had a good cheesesteak, prices are really good. The owner was really nice to me, even brewed new coffee because mine got cold. Definitely recommend for every tourist walking the river trail and needs a little rest on its way to the boathouse row.Meh...I don't know what to say about this place except I only go here in a pinch if a need coffee or a quick bite in between races.  Prices seems to be on the higher end although it does look like they use fresh fruit veggies to make their juices.I found this place by accident and I'm really glad that I did. The food was really tasty and fresh (had the chicken spinach burger which was really great and the free refills of tea with mint and honey... *lesigh). Service was friendly. And the location was really nice (what a beautiful view!) 
Only qualm is that the place could have been a little cleaner, visually.. it looked like the seating areas upstairs and downstairs could have used a quick clean.
Will definitely return for more of the delicious food and view!Nope! Nope! My friend thinks it's delicious. Well I hated my White tuna sandwich. Tasteless. And the macaroni salad as a side... Yuck! Too expensive for what it was. Plus, the server could've been more smiley. Hah. There u go. The cucumber juice was not so bad though. And they have wifi.Coffee and breakfast sandwich was really good. I had the Turkey bacon, egg and cheese on a fresh roll. Coffee was fresh local stuff. 
I was just a bit disappointed with the attitude from the cook when I complained that I didn't ask for pepper in my eggs.  The server was very polite and told me that's the way the eggs are prepared and that he'll get me another one. He gave her (the cook) the sandwich, she looked up at me. When I tell her I couldn't tolerate the pepper she became annoyed and told the server "throw it out, what does she want a refund?" 
To be honest, the sandwich was good but not special or great. For the ridiculous prices they're charging, I would of expected a bit better treatment.This is literally the worst place to get food. They are the only cafe on boathouse row so if you're there everyday like me you sometimes get stuck eating there. 
The employees are really rude, and the food is overpriced and awful. Do not spend your money on the Mac n cheese- it is simply water with macaroni noodles. Not only that but my friends and I have gotten food poisoning here.Cute little cafe that is a perfect stop after walking the schuykill river walk.   Very tiny inside with window seating for perhaps 8. 
Nice angled view of the river 
Outdoor seating for warmer weather. 
Only thing that could have been better is if the soup was hot. I saw how they assembled the chicken noodle soup. They take a bowl out, put in broth, then cooked noodles and a big heap of cooked chicken. 
It was very good soup and a very hearty portion. Next time I would ask them to heat it up 
We had :
Chicken noodle soup
Ham and cheese on marble rye ala Seinfeld
Egg and cheese sandwich
Carrot, apple and ginger juice. 
Homemade cookies. 
All were good, homemade and healthy.
You order at the counter and its delivered to your seat via friendly staff. I'll go back.I stopped in for a late breakfast after a morning rowing session, and was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere is quirky, but the people are friendly. I went with the breakfast burrito, which was all right, but certainly nothing special, and left me still kind of hungry. I imagine the patio is wonderful to sit out on in the summer months, something I was not fortunate enough to experience. The location is great, but it's nothing to write home about.As a rower on Boathouse Row, I think this place is a great addition. The breakfast sandwiches are huge, neat, and satisfying. The chocolate milk is a great post-workout drink. And on cold days, her hot chocolate is the richest I've ever tasted. It is on the pricier side, but well worth it. You can sit inside along the windows, upstairs at tables, or outside. Service is pretty quick. They operate with a small, cheery staff. My teammates and I have become regulars.I ride on the Schuylkill trail every week and I never stopped at the Cosmic Cafe before. I wish I knew how fabulous it was this whole time, because I have been missing out big time! The food options are seemingly endless and prepared fresh, and they have homemade iced tea and lemonade with FREE REFILLS!! I had a yogurt parfait and a lemonade and my uncle had two fruit cups, it is a little pricy, but I believe it is completely worth it!  The atmosphere is lovely and there is plenty of seating outside overlooking the river.Great location along the Schuylkill River and near Fairmont Park. Enjoyed the Breakfast Burrito. Food was tasty/fresh and the staff friendly. Will definitely come back when I am in the area.This place is pretty much prime location if you are near the boat house area or near the Philadelphia art museum.  The outdoor seating area is beautiful and it's nice to hang around and eat lunch watching ducks, geese, the trees and the river.  However, the PRICES are too STEEP! A regular sandwiches are $14/each.  Nothing special about any of the sandwiches or their food.  It looks like they use organic or locally grown produce, but it still does not justify the really high cost of their food.  Their drinks (coffee, tea, etc.) are about $3-$5 on average which makes it comparable to other cafes.  
If you are local, unless you are really hungry, do not waste your money in this place.  If you are only stopping for coffee, or tea then it's ok (price wise)Grim.
* * *
Imagine a cross between a hippie vegetarian restaurant and the men's room in a bus station.
The staff mean well, and the food is reasonable for cheap vegetarian.
The park that Cosmic Cafe is in is beautiful.
The building itself is another story.
Lloyd Hall, the municipal facility that leases space to Cosmic Cafe, is decrepit and depressing.
The Cosmic Cafe staff keeps their quarters clean.
The city bathrooms in the same building are another story.
Because Cosmic Cafe has limited space, you have to eat upstairs if you don't want to eat outside.
Outside is nice enough.
Upstairs has the same institutional tilework, cheap seating and linoleum floors you might find in an inner city nursing home. 
I was depressed as soon as I entered the place,
And the depression lasted a good half hour after I left.
The food is average,
But even if the food was legendary.
Nothing would make me want to go back to those bathrooms or that upstairs seating area.We love this cafe, but the live music is terrible. Worst, Quality ever. Wish there was none so we could enjoy the great location. Glad they added the bar....I stopped in to Cosmic Cafe for some hot tea; I had a positive experience and no complaints.Not sure why all the 4 star ratings. Mediocre food, rude staff and not the cleanest looking place. Skip it.I understand if you are out touring the area and want to grab something very quick, and this place may not be a bad choice and you sit upstairs watching the river and park which is beautiful. But if you live in this area, Do NOT even try! This place is basically a tourist trap, the food is below average and price is too high. They don't even bother to put salt into the sweet potatoes. Imagine a little restaurant inside a visitor center, bus station or rest area on highway.Food is amazing! Chicken spinach burger is out of this world (pun
intended) and the breakfast burritos are never ending! Plus they sell Gazapacho, where else in Philly can you get Gazpacho? Prices are reasonable, friendly service and you have the opportunity to dine along the river right next to Boathouse Row! I usually stop there either before or after my rides on the Schulkill River Trail. Just a great spot to unwind and refresh. Do it!Stopped by on a random walk and had an very satisfying breakfast (egg whites on multigrain). Service was very friendly and food was fresh and filling.  Thanks for the perfect cap to a long morning walk!It's wonderful to have this little cafe on Boathouse Row! It's located at the end of the parking lot in Lloyd Hall. The inside is small. There was lots of seating outside on the patio.  I think there's also seating upstairs but not positive. 
The cafe has counter service. We went in and ordered our sandwiches then sat at a table outside. When the sandwich was ready, it was brought out to us.
The turkey sandwich was soooo good. It was real roasted  turkey not lunch meat. It tasted freshly made.  The sandwich had lettuce, tomatoes and red onion, all fresh! You can choose your bread from whole wheat, white, whole grain. Everything is freshly made. The mint tea is also good. It's homemade and not overly sweetened. 
We were there on a Sunday. There was live music and a pop up bar outside. It was an enjoyable lunch!I really love this place. The menu is large and appealing and healthy, with lots of vegan and vegetarian options - and they don''t skimp on the home-baked cookies, cakes and bars!  The food is carefully prepared and yummy.  The folks working the counter are unbelievably patient and competent, even when it's crowded, and they bring out your food pronto.  I was a little surprised to see three servers descend on our table at once with the dishes we ordered - it reminded me a bit of the old Le Bec Fin, no joke.  It seems to me that the prices at Cosmic Cafe have gone up a couple dollars in the last year, which will put its food out of reach of many people.  I don't begrudge the owners or workers of the cafe, however - they really do a fantastic job.The Best place in the Art Museum/Boathouse Row area to have a sandwich, and the view can't be beat!
This little outdoor cafe is right on the Schuylkill river. Cosmic Cafe serves great food sandwiches (made fresh to order), snacks, coffee, espresso bar, and other beverages, all at reasonable prices. It has out-door seating and usually there is live music on weekends. They have also just opened up a bar for Adult Beverage service :)Great food, Great catering!
The Café is super friendly and the food is amazing
In the café, we have enjoyed our food outside and on the balcony
Recently, Cosmic Catering catered an 80 person luncheon for a family gathering.  They showed up with the linens, compostable dinnerware and a fantastic luncheon of great sandwiches and salads. The cost was extremely reasonable and the clean-up after the catering left the venue spotless.
Looking forward to my next visit at the Café.The food is always amazing here.  The always go the extra mile.  The people are always super nice.  I take an 8 mile walk/run and at the end of that trip I look forward  to this place at the end.  I get the homemade mint tea with a slash of lemonade. Delicious. I love this place.An interesting little cafeteria situated on the side.
The cafe is rather small and confined and includes only a counter around the perimeter .  Outside there is ample seating.  
There was a gentleman playing guitar and singing outside which went along woth the beautiful afternoon wonderfully.
The menu consists of all day breakfast items (YAY!) as well as lunch/sandwich items.
You order and pay at the counter and they will then call your name and bring the food to you outside.
I ordered the breakfast burrito ($10) and tea.
The burrito was huge and stuffed to the max with scrambled eggs, tomatoes, roasted sweet and regular potatoes, cheese and black beans.  Unfortunately, the black beans were not cooked long enough and were hard.  :(
There is a good selection of herbal teas as well as the classic black tea.
I would like to give this venue another chance since I enjoyed the area.The staff were very unfriendly and unwelcoming. Wouldn't even give me tap water when I asked saying I had to purchase a water bottle. I wouldn't go back.We ate breakfast there before going to the Barnes Foundation.   I loved it, the bagel was huge and had at least 3 scrambled eggs on it, so I was well prepared for a while.   My friend had the Breakfast platter with 3 sunny side over eggs, 4 strips of bacon, 2 slices of marbled rye, potatoes and sweet potatoes and onions and peppers and we both had a garnish of watermelon.   The only thing was that my friend complained her toast was burnt, seemed to me it was over grilled, but my husband is picky about toast also... oh well, I still give it a five.   And service was reasonably quick and they kept cleaning the tables and we were able to distance so we were both comfortable with that.First time visiting this cafe. Had a strawberry and banana smoothie with protein. Very good and refreshing. My boyfriend had a smoothie as well. Without the protein. And a chicken salad sandwich on raisin bread. We wil definitely visit again.I live in East Falls and I frequent this favorite place of mine often. It is a good half way point for my bike ride. I like to bring friends, as well, when they visit from out of town.
The food is awesome, but I'm a stickler for a fresh bowl of chili/soup, a few fresh cookies and cold water. A great array of freshly made goods and served with friendly faces and great music, over the sound system or LIVE!! You gotta check out this place.One of the best little spots in all of Philly. Great atmosphere, awesome lunch, delicious cocktails, and live music on Sundays. And the most friendly service to boot.... we love it here and so does our dog!I see the decent reviews but our experience here was much different. The two grab-and-go sandwiches were vintage. The ham tasted like rotten prosciutto. The egg salad sandwich came on thick bread that had dried out. The mac and cheese was inedible - even a four-year-old spit it out. It's a cute and convenient spot but that doesn't excuse the food.I love this place! Whenever I meet my friends for an afternoon walk on MLK, I stop here first. Everyone is so nice, and everything is yummy. I usually get an iced coffee-yes even in the winter. Luckily for me, the iced coffee comes with free refills. They sell alcoholic beverages as well. On a cold day, I recommend the warm apple cider with a shot of bourbon in it.This is a good place for grabbing a quick bite to eat 
after a run or bike down the schuylkill river trail. This is NOT and I repeat NOT the place to go for brunch or out with a spouse or significant other. One prior review compares it to a hippie veggie place and a bus stop. This is accurate. The building is not the best but the outside seating looks nice.
I had their lox bagel and coffee. This was good. My significant other's sausage and eggs was like a badly smushed falafel without flavor and some rubber.Chef Peg and her team are the absolute best!! We had our small wedding ceremony at Lloyd Hall and it was catered by Cosmic Cafe. The food was great (especially the apple crisp) and chef Peg and her team really went out of their way to make the day special and perfect. She was amazing to work with and I can't recommend enough!!This is a great place to stop by for a quick lunch near Boat House Row. It's perfect after a visit to the Art Museum, especially since the museum is undergoing construction right now and the cafe there isn't always open. There's plenty of free parking nearby, but gets a little trickier during the weekends. I wouldn't recommend eating inside. The place seems very chaotic and messy. Not dirty or unclean, just haphazardly arranged tables and boxes everywhere. There isn't much seating and with two entrances to a small cafe there's constant traffic and people standing around waiting for food. This is more of a takeout spot, where you order a fresh made, (organic and locally produced when available) healthy food to enjoy outside. The cafe has plenty of tables to eat outside, but there's tons of beautiful spots by the river within walking distance too. 
I ordered the Organic Turkey Mushroom burger and loved it. It was huge and came with a side of potato salad. You could tell everything was made that day with fresh ingredients. They also have a huge selection of fresh pressed juices that I would love to try next time.I stumble upon this cafe today. I bought a turkey mushroom burger with a cucumber salad and my friend bought a turkey bacon wrap. We both really enjoyed our food. The turkey burger was well seasoned and not dry. I would highly recommend this place.Yes, I'm a fan! I really enjoy stopping by, getting some homemade food and relaxing by the river. This cafe offers fresh juiced veggie/fruit juice, delicious sandwiches, sweets, smoothies and refillable tea and lemonade, to name a few things! Servers are always lovely and are more than happy to deliver your food if you decide to eat on the balcony one floor above or just outside the cafe. 
If you happen to be in the area, I definitely recommend stopping by!