Terrific steak sandwich. Owner was great. Beats the other "known" neon lit pretenders. This is genuine and the real deal. Most importantly the friendly attention to clients was absolutely a surprise. 
I would recommend this to anyone looking for the absolute best!!!Worst place by far! I ordered 2 breakfast platters at 230 by the time it was 4 I still didn't get anything mind you they are only a mile away so I called to ask the guy where my food was and he gave the worst attitude possible following by no it hasn't gone out yet what do u want u call on Sunday! Not I'm sorry for the inconvenience nothing if I knew it would have taken so long I could have just picked it up. Who wants eggs when they are 2 hours old anyway it's gross. I order out a lot and please believe me this place is the worst customer service by far DO NOT GO THERE! Oh and to mention it one more time worst attitude ever! Get over yourselfCame up from DC for the day with family in town from MN - wanted something that's not touristy or overrated - found this place. And we were all so happy with our food.
Everything was delicious! My beef (hah!) with cheesesteaks in general is how greasy they can get but this was perfect - just slightly so and all went to the bottom of the sub. Prov and whiz combo - OMG!
We all were so stuffed that we ended up not getting dinner before leaving Philly. It was that good and we were that satisfied!
Thank you!The greatest cheesesteak I've e'er known. The people are always insanely friendly and the cheesesteaks are just amazing. I cannot say enough about them.
Just knowing they exist gives me renewed hope in humanity.Great food! Pats is just comecial like Genos. Filled and packed with cheese and beef, there's no room for the non nessesaties. The thick hot sauce is a supreme topper with the added Katchup without mustard with a tad of may-oDelivery *sometimes* comes with a side of sexual harassment depending on who you get.This is THE most original, authentic hoagie in Philadelphia. Fresh, thinly sliced deli meats and cheeses piled in a seeded roll.  All the vegetables are thinly sliced and generously piled on top.  Don't forget to ask for those sweet peppers!
The shop is very busy mainly takeout orders as they only have two small card tables to eat in.  It's fun to sit there while eating and watch an "old school" Philly Italian deli in action.  Staff was friendly.
While you're there, walk down the block to Termini's Italian bakery and pick up a few treats for later.  Better yet if you re driving, park in Termini's lot and walk down to Cosmi's as parking is tight in the area.
There are many hoagie shops in Philly and some popular tourist shops but this is the BEST hoagie in town!This was the best Cheese Steak I've had in Philly. I've been eating steaks for years, rarely do I go to the big guys on 9th St. I find the smaller locals really make awesome sandwiches. However, nobody has topped Cosmi's, they are absolutely the best. I did not even know they made sandwiches till I saw them on yelp!  
My husband and I enjoyed their steak fries also.i've frequented this place ever since i found out about it. the food is excellentttttt. yummy sandwhiches, cosy mom and pop atmosphere.  however this is the last time i'll be coming back, or recommending this place.
one of the men who usually rings me up (he has a twin), started going off on me when i asked him how long it would take, raised his voice and walked away. Not everyone who asks this question is implying they need or want faster service.  Infact there have been several times where I've had to sit for an additional 10-20 minutes after ordering online... It's never been an issue for me personally. 
I understand how busy they can get and food service can be stressful. I also know now they prioritize online orders via his response that if i had ordered it online when i walked in... that it would come out sooner? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
keep doing everything the same, just lose the shitty attitude.Cosmi's catered my daughter's first birthday party. We've ordered takeout from them a handful of times, but wouldn't say they were on heavy rotation although they sure are now. Mike (the owner?) was nothing but pleasant, accommodating and easy to work with. He asked me how much I wanted to spend and made suggestions on the menu, knowing how families in South Philly like to eat (which is, a lot). We had macaroni, meatballs, sausage, salad, sandwiches, appetizers, etc, all delicious and for a reasonable price, with plenty left over. Mike came to my venue with a team to set up and thought of every detail. He even understood that I was a little unhinged because due to the weather, our outside party suddenly became an inside party, and did his best to calm my nerves. I cannot say enough good things about Cosmi's and truly hope you will consider them for your next event. I will most definitely use them in the future for my catering needs!The steaks were fine but the place had a funk like it had not been cleaned in years.  The smell of rotting meat and mold will keep me from ever going back.  It took 20 min to get our order and we were the only ones in there!Came here for a late lunch/early dinner. I live in DC and I wanted to know what this Philly cheese steak thing was all about. I'm vegetarian so I can't give a review on the meat cheese steak but the veggie cheese "steak" was the bomb! They had two other options for vegetarians but I opted for the garden cheese steak. 
I didn't want to go to the all time famous cheese steak place in Philly because its over rated. This gem is hidden in a small neighborhood on the corner.
Great customer service and friendly staff. Give them a try!We ordered a cheesesteak (sharp provolone & brocolli rabe) & wings (hot) through grubhub last night.  The food tasted fine - neither of the meats were objectionable or remarkable.  (For my money, I'd stick with Gianfranco for cheesesteaks and Moriarty's for wings.)
What made this a one-star experience was that two hours after dinner, we were both struck with a mild but uncomfortable bout of food poisoning, with all the unpleasant symptoms you can imagine.  Maybe they didn't wash the greens or maybe they didn't handle the meats properly.  Whatever it was, I'm not ordering there again.Great Philly Cheesesteak sandwich, I came from LA and found this place on yelp. I got the trio (onions, bell peppers, mushrooms) with provolone/cheese wiz. Wait was long inside so it's best to phone ahead for takeout or order on Grub Hub.I'm only giving this restaurant 1 star because there is no 0 star option. I don't think it deserves any stars at all. First of all the owner is arrogant and he lied to me about his cheesesteaks being the "best in philly."  Their cheesesteaks are sub par for sure and by the time it reaches your destination you'll end up with a semi warm over priced nasty sandwich. They just have poor quality food and horrible customer service. I spent 20 dollars on what could of been a good lunch but ended up in the trash because it was cold. I ordered a cheesesteak and fries for 20 bucks and couldn't eat it because it was disgusting.  Instead of trying to make the situation better the owner proceeded to get nasty with me. Honesly if they knew how to make good food I'm sure no one would complain, but his poor quality food matches his poor attitude. He basically cheated me out of my money. Their food just isn't worth waiting for. Oh and for the record, that was the worst cheesesteak I've ever tasted. Wake up and get your shit together Cosmis!I've been to Pat's many many years ago and I was much more satisfied with my Cosmi's Deli cheesesteak experience.  Very affordable, guess it's worth getting a seeded roll if you're only going to go there once, and there is indoor seating although only a couple tables.  But to me, that beats standing outside by going to Geno's or Pat's.  The cheesesteak is a really nice size and nice hole in the wall cheesesteak place in south philly.Cosmi's has great Italian sandwiches, delicious cheesesteaks, and some of the nicest staff in the city.  Four stars out of five because I've gotten the completely wrong sandwich on more than one occasion. The menu is a little pricey, but you do get a lot for the money.
If you want seeded bread (and trust me, you want the seeded bread) call earlier than later because they are always running out, especially on big sports nights!top 3 best cheesesteaks in philly and their fries are off the hook tooI read a lot of reviews before coming here. Was very delicious and well done. I talked to the owner there and he said he prefers a cheesesteak to be somewhat understated with limited peppers and onions. I had them make a cheesesteak his way and requested American and whiz. I loved it. I would definitely come back here. I was happy to avoid the tourist-trap spots too.  Experience was sweetened further as we discussed the Phillies / Blue Jays (90s) and Joe Carter's shot off the Wild Thing to hand the Phillies that World Series defeat.  Was great to talk baseball while eating a cheesesteak. Sublime experience.Just got back from philly and went on a cheese steak bender.  Went to Pats, Genos, Jims, Cosmi's, and Carmines.  Order the basic cheese steak from all of them and without a doubt Cosmi's was by far the best.Called my order in and was told it would take 25 mins...ok, they must be super busy-I figures that was a good sign. Given all the great reviews I thought it would totally be worth the wait. Nope. I have to say it this was worst cheesesteaks I've ever had.  Dry and tasteless. Meat was reheated, not cooked to order, there was barely any cheese and wtf---canned mushrooms. This thing made me want to cry. 
This may be a neighborhood favorite but if you're looking for a decent cheesesteak keep going.First visit today. Stopped in while passing through Philly.  Picked this place based on its great reviews. Cheesesteaks were fantastic, service was great. Will definitely return next time I'm in Philly.We got the godfather and the Sicilian, one on a sesame roll and one on a regular hoagie roll. They were both very good, I liked the godfather better, and the sesame roll is the way to go. There was a short wait because of some catering trays that were being prepped, and the two sandwiches cost about $20. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying a steak.I called in to order and it was about 5 minutes before anyone answered (i tried twice). I got a cheesesteak and honestly I wasn't impressed. The meat was really good quality and tasty but I could barely taste the cheese. I got the seeded roll and dont have a preference between that and a regular roll. Idk it was just ok to me. I went out of my way to get it and I shouldn't have.We ordered the bacon cheesesteak, wow! Thin sliced steak with bacon and american cheese, it was worth the detour. The guys are super friendly and service is quick, don't miss out.I was looking for a good corned beef special for delivery, you get a good cheesesteak or pizza anywhere in south philly but a real deli sandwhich?  that's not so simple. Thanks to yelp I found cosmi was delivering at 8pm when I placed my order and I am so happy I had to leave a review. excellent sandwhich, decent portion, pricing more than reasonable and delivery time as promised. BTW the potato salad is a "must have" add on. next time I'm getting a large. 
thank you Cosmi's deli for making my hard work week end well. I'm will be ordering regularly and telling the locals. xoxoAbsolutely divine cheesesteak.  Get it on a seeded roll and ask for onions.  
Probably the best cheesesteak in Philly.  The steak is incredibly juicy and the cheese and onions complement it perfectly.  
Not to mention, the neighborhood is a great working class area perfect for a post-cheesesteak walk to make yourself feel better after eating the generously sized cheesesteak.  
One criticism would be the lack of seating.  We were lucky as the place was empty when we arrived.Cosmi's has the *BEST* cheese-steak in Philadelphia.  The bread is great, the meat is high quality, and it is put together with care.  Also, Cosmi's has a fresher, non greasy taste.
I went on a Cheese-Steak crawl with my classmates.  We tried Jim's, Pat's, Geno's, John's Roast Pork, and Cosmi's.  Cosmi comes out on top!Sought Cosmi's out after reading several reviews and I'm glad I did!  Great family-run deli in the heart of Philly.  Minimal seating but the cheesesteak was awesome!!  Made to order and delicious.  Great counter guys.  I'd go back in a heartbeat!!Ordered a cheesesteak through GrubHub, and it took 1 hour and 25 minutes for delivery. This is the second time my delivery took 1+ hours. Had to heat it up in the microwave.
The sandwiches are delicious, but pick it up yourself. No point in getting a hard seeded roll if it's soggy and you have to nuke it.This is as south philly as your going to get come here for a real sandwich if your in town.
It's a local no frills deli serven up some darn good sandwiches.
I hardly ever order Italian subs so I went for it and ordered the South Philly Italian w/prosciutto, hot capicola, salami & provlone plenty of oil and seasonings just the way I like them.
Just a bunch of locals walking in there ordering up catchen a few innings of the ball game I'd call this a 10 star hole in the wall.This is the first Philly Cheese we have eaten in Philadelphia.  We went with a crowd of 10 adults and 5 children.  The place is quite small and there were only two tables when we walked in.  They quickly got us another table and several chairs.  Even with that, some of still had to stand.  We ordered the basic Philly Cheese Steak with provolone.  The sandwiches were fairly inexpensive and they were served quickly.  Just one bite into this sandwich and I knew we picked the right place.  It was absolutely delicious!  The meat was juicy and had lots of flavor and cheese.  Everyone was talking about how great their cheese steaks were.  I traveled from California and pre-selected this place to eat at.  It was well worth the trip!  I would recommend this to anyone!Came from California looking for a real Philly cheesesteak and let me tell you this place was great!!! The sesame bread was baked to perfection and the meat, peppers, onions, mushrooms and cheese could melt in your mouth. We will be back!This is my friend's favorite cheesesteak in Philly so naturally we came here for lunch one day. The shop is very small with tables in the center. One had salamis, peppers, and cheese for sale on it, and the other was open to dine at. Our cheesesteak hoagies took approximately 10-15 minutes. Lots of drink options in the refrigerators on the perimeter of the store. The hoagie was very juicy. I loved the cheese used. I requested sweet grilled onions which were the perfect topping.We just moved near by....with 2 teenage sons, painting & boxes for days Cosmi's fed us for the first week. Every order was so good, they are so friendly every time we called or went in. I'd give them more stars if I could....The service is outstanding, Mike helped me out for my sons birthday party.  As always, provided quality food and great customer service! The hoagie tray was a hit and we were able to take a few pieces home.  Thank you CosmiI started working down the street and needed a place to go for a quick and affordable lunch, preferably where I could pick up a pack of cigarettes and a soda while I was there. Oh Cosmi's, how I now love you!
The food is good. On a recent trip some meat-eating relatives declared the cheesesteaks "Umm num a num, dewishesh," which I think is full-mouth speak for damned good.
But, to me, what makes Cosmi's so great is the people running the show. They know I only get a very short lunch break, so they make it a point to get my (huge) order of fries out and paid for quickly. They always have time to chat, whether it's to a local regular or out of town tourists who aren't even sure how to get back on 95. Stop there often enough and you'll hear about the news, the history of the neighborhood, Phillies stats and eventually people's life stories.
And when you're in a neighborhood deli in South Philly, that's exactly as it should be.Incredibly hospitable. Great food.  We had a group of six. We all ordered cheesesteaks and felt it really was the best we've had. Then walked next door to Termini for awesome desserts. A gastronomic feast for lunch.I've eaten here numerous times and recently the service/food has been more and more disappointing. I ordered takeout this evening and will not be ordering from Cosmis ever again. After ordering online, I was quoted a 20 minute pickup time. I walked in 20 minutes after ordering and was told they were working on my food. I sat down to wait and after 15 minutes I noticed several people had been in to pickup. After waiting 30 minutes and noticing a) that a family that had come in after me and ordered food to eat there had already received their order, and b) all of the employees in The restaurant (including the 3 - yes, 3 - guys working the register/phone) were milling around the counter, not making food or taking calls. At this point, I asked one of the guys behind the register if my order was up and he looked at me like I had two heads. He checked the line and surprise! my order had been sitting behind the counter for about 25 minutes. By the time I got home, all three sandwiches and our french fries were soggy and inedible. The chicken Caesar wrap we ordered did not have Caesar dressing or any real flavor, save for the soggy wrap and the bland chicken. We tossed the food from Cosmis and ordered food from down the street. Bad service and worse food.On a sick and lazy day, it was decided to order delivery for breakfast sandwiches. I had always wanted to try Cosmi's since their name had often been thrown around regarding best in cheesesteaks. I just wanted a bacon, egg & cheese on a long roll. The bf ordered a steak & egg one. The order was entered via grubhub and we were told there was a 45 minute wait.
That seems really long just for 2 breakfast sandwiches. But laziness and sickness took over and we just waited. Huge plus: they serve breakfast all day. 
Bordering between 45 minutes to an hour, the food finally did arrive and it was worth the wait. The steak was pretty much a cheesesteak with scrambled eggs and it was tasty. The bacon & eggs were nice and seasoned. Nothing disappointed. 
I look forward to ordering more sandwiches here again. Just have to be mindful of the wait time.A friend was in town who had never had a real Philly cheesesteak - unfortunately John's Roast Pork was long closed for the day, so we headed to Cosmi's, clearly the next on the Yelp list, and we weren't disappointed. The steak is huge and the bread is soft and the cheese is not overwhelming. Unfortunately with cheesesteaks there is a fine line to be walked in terms of greasiness, and Cosmi's fell just on the dry side, but not by much. If JRP is closed, this is definitely your best bet.Delicious cheesesteaks, burgers, and big salads with generous portions of meat! Cosmi's has become a regular delivery spot for my family. Highly recommended!Much preferred over other loud, rude, "clean," and NEON eateries in the neighborhood. The food is great, the service is friendly, they deliver, and serve Sarcone's bread. Brilliant.I was in Philadelphia this past weekend with some friends and we decided to try the cheesesteaks at both Tony Luke's and Cosmi's.  We first stopped at Tony Luke's and I had the worst cheesesteak I had ever tasted.  But Cosmi's saved the day!  The cheesesteak was piping hot.  The steak was perfectly moist and the cheese was wonderfully melted.  I tried both with the regular roll and the sesame roll and I preferred the sesame roll - it just gave a little extra touch of flavor.  Highly recommended!!Yummm.  But so so service.  Otherwise I would give it a 5.  Based upon the reviews I read, I expected a "Cheers" type welcome and big man hugs from the behind the counter.  When I walked in I was greeted with blank stares and not a word of welcome.  After walking around a minute or so (which is too long for me in a deli!), I finally walked up to someone and asked them where to order the food.  After finally taking my order, the gentleman started ringing up the carry out orders.  I walked up to pay for my order and he said "the way we do it here is the food comes and then you pay" in true Philly style.  I must admit I stood out like a sore thumb; Asian dude in chino shorts with a designer crew shirt...  but still.  Anyways back to the food - the gents kindly wrapped my cheesesteak in two separate halves based upon the different fixins me and my wife wanted.  The seeded bun was nutty and delicious, but not sure if it was a good fit for the philly.  The meet was flavorful and not grizzly at all.  Overall yumm, but a 1 star deduction for the philly attitude.  Perhaps I came at a bad time cuz I noticed all the other locals walking in were greeted immediately... Hmmmm...  Perhaps if i were a regular after a few years they would shout "Norm!" when I walked in??!?  No that's Boston...  Much friendlier people there...When I still lived in Philly, Cosmi's was THE place to go for a hoagie anytime we were on our way to a Phillies game.  I'm pretty basic when it comes to hoagies and usually just get a mixed cheese with tomatoes and pickles and I know that doesn't seem like much to base a review off of, but the sharp cheese they put in the middle of their hoagies is worth a five-star rating alone.  
PS. I once nearly responded to a guy's profile on OK Cupid because in the section called "6 Things I Can't Live Without", he listed "hoagies from Cosmi's" as one of his 6 things.  I mean, the hoagies are THAT good.Incredible food and the staff is very nice. Literally everything on the menu I've had is awesome.Well I have to rebut people's 5 stars ratings as I went based on this.  Its a decent cheesesteak don't get my wrong but I've eaten way better in the Philadelphia area before.  I'll put at least 4 places ahead of this place.  I will say the staff was super nice and accommodating despite the small area where to eat.
I'll also add I had 3 other people with me, two of them local Philadelphia people that agreed with me.  Decent steak but better can be had.Ordered last sunday, football season. You would think you would have fresh ingredients. Nope south philly Italian hoagie. Worst (warm)cold cuts ever. Lamest excuse for a hoagie. Roast pork. More like petrified chipped pork meat with a tiny slice of cheese, no gravy. Sad to say soggy mushroom cheesesteak was the best of the worst three. And was like dog food
 Oh yea, the hoagie was the warmest of all 3 sandwiches. Terrible. Oh yea. I am 3 blocks from here and it took 1 hour 15 mnutes for delivery...cook let sit until you have 20 orders...get your shit together.I'm not one for making grandiose proclamations but...oh wait, I am. It's totally my thing. Anyway, this is one that actually should be heeded, if you're somebody who cares about good sandwiches in this world of ours. Ahem...On this day, December 4th, 2011, I declare that Cosmi's makes my favorite will-deliver-to-me cheesesteak in South Philly Fo real. When I want a cheesesteak I want one from little corner shop straight to me, Cosmi's. With long hots.
They make excellent hoagies too. I will always pay the extra dollar and whatever it is for my sandwiches to be piled into good sesame seeded bread. South Philly Italian, so good...That Sicilian with prosciutto, sopressata, hot coppa, mortadella, sharp provolone, and roasted peppers, so good...That one with the hot pepper shooters...That one!  Hear ye! Fo Delivery!Excellent food all around. The burgers are very hearty as well as the cheese steaks. Food is often ready in under 15 minutes highly recommend if you're in the area.For our lil Philly trip the hubz was responsible for finding the best cheese steak spot. Apparently Cosmi's was a top contender on someone's list for some cheesesteak challenge? (I didn't ask questions I just went along with it) Off we went and got there a few min after they opened (fat of us I know). Their phone was ringing off the hook when we got there so I guess we weren't the only ones hankering for grub and it reassured that the place was legit. He got the cheesesteak w/ cheddar and I got the chicken steak w/ sharp provolone (I swagged hard I know). AMAZEBALLS. Seeded rolls were fresh, meat was tender, and right amount of cheese too! Ooh! Kinda cramped seating but we ate half there n were stuffed and saved the rest for home. Reheat in the oven and they were slamming the second time around too. I did kinda wish I would have asked for mayo and ketchup but I didn't wanna compromisde the meat w/ condiments. Not their fault, more mine, but that wuda sealed the deal for me. Still can't go wrong w/ Cosmi'sAwesome food here but there's always a long wait even if the store is completely empty. I'd recommend calling ahead to skip the wait.Cosmi's Deli by far makes the BEST cheesesteak in the city.  Don't waste your time or money elsewhere go directly to Cosmi's you will not be disappointed.  The guys that work here are great when you call in your order, and their delivery man is a gentlemen through and through.  I am so glad that a good friend recommended Cosmi's otherwise I would have thought I had already eaten the best cheesesteak in the city which would not have been the case.Love the sandwiches at this no frill deli. I love the Chicken Caprese and the Chicken Verde sandwiches. Also, the breakfast sandwiches are tasty and filling. It's a South Philly favorite!I grew up on cosmi's deli. They have some great food. I enjoy their cheesesteaks and other sandwiches. My favorite is the grilled chicken caprise. I also love the names they have for all the sandwiches, how they name them after people in the neighborgood. The only drawback is the price. Ordering there can get really expensive so try not to max out on a weeks worth of cosmi's deli.Going there for years ~ all sandwhich's are great! ~ my pick for Philly's best
it'sa delli so not the greatest for eating thereThis place has amazing sandwiches! 
Some of the best I've ever had. I've never been disappointed. 
It's a south Philly corner hole in the wall and it's fantastic. Sesame seed roll. Perfect meat-veg-sauce ratios. 
Had one of their salads recently with seared tuna- very good, large size, lasted me two meals. 
FYI- The chicken for the chicken cheesteak is chopped, not chunkyJust driving around on a treasure hunt for some old south philly trinkets I saw this deli and the name struck me. Don't know if my mom told me about it before or maybe I heard about it on yelp... Either way I got an italian hoagie and it was awesome! Considering what you get from subway for $5, a $6 sandwich here is way worth the money. 
Anyway, bottom line, hoagie was awesome and will have to go back for a cheesesteak.Probably the best Deli in South Philly.
They take a lot of pride in making quality food and also are very friendly. Definitely come here over pats for a cheesesteak, better steak and larger size. 
Try their seeded bread too, it will change your life.Terrific steak sandwich. Owner was great. Beats the other "known" neon lit pretenders. This is genuine and the real deal. Most importantly the friendly attention to clients was absolutely different from the others in areaI would love this place for delivery for the food alone: cheese steak with whiz and long hots, an excellent bacon cheeseburger with the works, fries, and broccoli rabe. But the customer service is what really blows me away. Recently I called to see when my order would arrive, and the guy who answered (the owner? Not sure) was very apologetic that it had taken a bit longer than usual. The reason? After he took my order he realized they were out of rabe, so he sent someone to the grocery store to get some rather than call me back and disappoint me. "Don't worry," he said, "it's Andy Boy, the same brand we always use, and we cleaned it and made it for you." Most places would just not bring it and take it off your bill, but Cosmi's really went the extra mile. They will forever be my South Philly go-to place for great cheesesteaks and burgers.Quality hoagie shop. Excellent rolls and bread, crisp and fresh ingredients, and attentive and friendly service. Make the trip here its totally worth your while. Great for pickup and take out.RUNNER UPS
Philly cheese steak sandwiches are overrated.  I ate at Jim's which were very very bland and here at Cosmi's which was more flavorful but still not a wowzer.
I got the cheese whiz and mushrooms and onions.  They give you a choice of hard roll or soft which I chose the soft.   The steak was seasoned and with the cheese whiz it became a little bit TOO salty for my tastebuds.  
This is embarrassing but I'd rather eat a cheese steak sandwich from a chain like the Great Steak Co.  at least they get it right on having the right flavor down!Sarcone's bread.  High quality meats. Interesting sandwich combinations.  Sound like your typical South Philly hoagie shop?  You'd be wrong, because this place takes credit cards and is open 'til 9pm!  They deliver, too.
The hoagies and hot sandwiches (chicken cutlet, chicken parm, eggplant parm) are where it's at here.  
The cheesesteak and even pepper and egg are disappointing.  I've had some pretty awful experiences with the fried appetizers.  But get a hoagie here and you will be happy.So my uncle and I decided to take a 2+ hour detour on our way back to Johnstown (Pittsburgh area) from Ocean City MD to try our 7th Philly steak joint. After weighing our options we chose Cosmi's, which was a good choice! 
I got my usual, American without onions and I sprung for the seeded roll. It was pretty awesome all around. Great, flavorful steak, plenty of cheese, and as others have said the seeded roll is a MUST! The only complaint I would have is that they lay the cheese down on the bun and then the meat instead of melting some on top, so all the steak is not smothered in cheese, but it's a small complaint in the end. 
So my uncle and I agreed that Cosmi's is our fourth favorite out of the 10 joints we've tried, the only discrepancy is that he puts it barely above our #5, Joe's Steak + Soda Shop, whereas I say it's nipping on the heals of our #3, Gooey Looie's, I think it's because he didn't get the seeded roll, but either way we both loved it overall.
P.S. it was REALLY hard not ordering anything else off of the menu, the Italian hoagies looked/sounded amazing. But unfortunately we're from out of town and our focus is on Steaks for now.
My current rankings:
1. Dalessandro's 
2. John's Roast Pork
3. Gooey Looie's
4. Cosmi's Deli
5. Joe's Steak & Soda Shop
6. Ishkabibble's
7. Chubby's Steaks
8. Jim's Steaks South Street
9. Pat's King of Steaks
10. Geno's SteaksCheesesteaks: 5 Stars
Hoagies: 4 stars
Roast pork: 4 stars
Chicken cutlet sandwich: 4 stars
My favorite cheesesteak. Roast pork is good, but not as good as Tony Luke's.i love this place! hall in the wall and everything. the guys who work there may have an intimidating demeanor, but they're super nice. when i want a cheesesteak, this is where i go. pat's and geno's are for people from jersey.Located off the beaten path, this is where you should be getting a cheesesteak from, not Pat's or Geno's. Owner and staff are friendly. There's a couple tables inside, or you can eat by the curb outside. I'm docking off one star for the small amount of steak on my cheesesteak. Still would come back though.Well I would have a picture of my food to go with this review if I hadn't eaten it at the speed of light- because it was LITERALLY that good. Like you know how they say Philly Cheese Steaks are actually better if they're from Philly? Yeah, I discovered the day I went here that it's true. 100%. This place is tucked in on a corner, and upon first glance you might think it's a hole-in-the-wall that you briefly consider skipping. But don't! You would SO regret it. I had the most amazing, mouth-watering Philly cheesesteak AND veggie lovers cheese steak from here. It's worth a trip to Philly all by itself. I would give it 6 stars if I could. Quick service too.Visiting Philly for a few days and since nobody from Philly can ever agree on where the best Philly Cheese steaks are actually at, my buddy and I came here based on the Yelp reviews. We were not disappointed with the food. The Cheesesteaks were on point and they were not lacking in the cheese whiz or the steak portions. Would probably have eaten one of the sandwiches as two meals if I wasn't so hungry going into the place.  Cosmi's is small and a little out of the way from the historic stuff in Philly, but we found the diversion totally worth the trip off the beaten path. The guys who work here were very friendly and helpful in explaining the menu items to a couple of guys from San Diego. This place advertises that they've won awards and been featured in various media for their cheesesteaks... It's obvious why.I live literally around the corner from Cosmi's for two years and I am just finding this gem.  I come here at least 2 times a week and I love their cold sandwiches. I need to try their cheesesteaks because I hear nothing but amazing reviews for them. Please try this place.The cheesesteaks here are to die for, and the owner is extremely friendly.   It's also affordable at about $7 for a cheesesteak that's about a foot long and stuffed with meat and cheese.
My boyfriend and I got a mushroom cheesesteak and BBQ buffalo wings.  Both were the best in their fields I have ever tried, and even though I felt like exploding from being so full afterwards, I found myself craving Cosmis again the next day.  I wish I were living closer to Cosmis when I move to Philly just so I can visit more often, but I WILL find a way to get them to deliver my cheesesteak all the way to University City or find a way to make it over there even if I have to walk!Really enjoy the burgers and especially the fries. They give you such big portions. Get monies worth.Oh Cosmis, how I love you. 
You never disappoint, if it be with your food, with you service... 
Your cheesesteaks, your hoagies, your chili, your soups, your sandwiches, everything I've had there has been top notch. 
If you are into it, they use sarcone's bread, but they also offer the normal softer rolls.
And the staff is TOP NOTCH.My friend LOVED the Italian Hoagie as it seems everyone does. I ordered a small Caesar salad because I wasn't very hungry. I could not believe how huge the thing was. I had enough for today and lunch tomorrow. I really love how they do not pour the dressing on the salad. It makes it perfect for saving! The croutons are the best part. They were still even a little bit soft see you can tell they make them from their bread. Yum!I almost feel as if this doesn't need to be said but cosmis has given me so many good sandwiches that two minutes to write a review is the least i can do. I moved to philly a few years ago never having experienced the cheesesteak, luckily I was told early on theres no point in even trying the horse meat served from the neon glowing establishments on 9th street, still it took a while to discover this place but once I did, I never turned back, they still have the best cheesesteak in my opinion and every time i go home to new york i bring sandwiches for my entire family from cosmis, and they can't get enough of them. 
my order is a regular whiz with bacon or chicken cutlet with fresh mozz and pesto, my boyfriend says their south philly italian is the best sandwich around.
i will always get my cheesesteaks from cosmis even when i no longer live 2 blocks awayIf you order a HOAGIE in Philly, what does it come with? ALWAYS lettuce, tomato, onion. Mayo or oil and then you can get specific. I ordered a Tuna hoagie and it just came with cheese and roasted red peppers. It was good but, come on. A hoagie is called a hoagie for a reason. I didn't have to specify on the other hoagies I ordered, why did I have to specify on this one?I dare you to find a better cheesesteak.  If you haven't been here, you don't know what you're missing!  I always go in with the intention of trying something different, but the cheesesteaks here are so damn hard to resist.Great hoagies. Great Salads. Great roasted veggie trays. The owner is a really nice guy who cares about his deli. It's a gem. And they use the good bread.