This place is a joke. They completely ignore you at the hostess table. Here today (Sunday) place was less than half full. Waitress will not acknowledge you when we finally got the bartender to talk to us he said we had to wait for the hostess. She was no where to be seen for 20 minutes. We were a group of 5 and left. While we left another group of 4 walked out. They were there before us. Seems to me they only cater to locals and are rude and ignorant to anyone else.Mediocre food, high prices, sub par service.
Went here for beers and "crabby buckets" with my friend.
Was a pretty disappointing experience. I ordered crab and shrimp and my friend ordered just crab. The sauce the food was cooked in was gross, which was a good thing because there is also shockingly little food for 30$. 
In the seafood bucket they also advertise sausage and potato, there was one cut piece of a sausage and two pieces of potato (note: not a whole sausage and not a whole potato, just small pieces).I went here on a lazy saturday afternoon before the dinner crowd a couple weeks ago.  Walked right into and sat on the inside.  The friend I was with had a craving for the crab legs (and ordered them).  I picked at a couple appetizers (clams and corn) only because I wasn't that hungry. I like the mix of vietnamese food and seafood. Sports in the background tvs and monitors added to the laid back atmosphere.  Food was tasty and service was good. I will have to come back here to try other items on the menu, specifically the buckets and the pho.Food was SO good and tasty BUT you can't have the menu say that the buckets come with sausage, corn, and potatoes if it comes with one very small piece of sausage, 1/3 ear of corn, and two MINI potatoes. The bucket we got was a great serving of seafood but add some more of the other stuff and it would have been perfect! Plus thats the cheap stuff! Drink service was a bit slow, but it seemed like there was only one waitress responsible for the whole restaurant.best crawfish boil i've EVER had. i used to HATE crawfish before a couple of friends brought me to this place and assured me that their crawfish is delicious.
it's true-there are lots of random items on the menu like vietnamese pho, and chicken fingers. i actually ordered the chicken fingers too and they were yummy. i can't attest to the pho because i didn't have it. 
back to the boil, i had a combination of crawfish, shrimp, sausages, corn and potatoes in mine.. the sauce was the spicy one and it was to die for! we ordered rice on the side and it was DELICIOUS with the sauce. the crawfish were big and juicy.. and very fresh.. 
i loved everything about this spot..the ambiance is beautiful..gives you a sports bar feel..and its located in a piazza so it's beautiful when the weathers great to sit outside. they also have a great selection of beer and always have booze specials-which is always fun.
i went there another time and they advised me that the crawfish wasn't fresh but frozen. love how they told me that in advance. i was sad i couldn't eat crawfish but the shrimp and everything else was just like the first time-DELICIOUS. 
i crave this place once in a while..if i lived closer to philly, i'd probably be here every week. i'm so glad my friends brought me here and turned me into a believer of crawfish. love this place and highly recommend it!We came and the hostess didn't greet us. The waitress told us to go back outside to see the hostess. Our waitress was nice but didn't know the menu or products. I asked if the crawfish was fresh and she said yes. When received our order the crawfish was NOT fresh! It was 3lbs frozen crawfish! The sauce was terrible. Not crabby cafe sauce but watered down. We also ordered clams in the same sauce as the crawfish which turned out to be two completely diff sauces! Even the mussels in red sauce was bad. Oh and the waitress did not give us bibs. Crabby cafe in Castor is the best. This one is NL is definitely NOT of the same quality as castors. Service not great. Food sucked so bad. What a waste of money and time. We will never come back to This location again.This place frustrates the heck out of me!!!  The definition of hit or miss.
For over 3 years of varied observing, stopping in, dining, and drinking, it has been the same story.  Great food, cool chill vibe, tremendous outdoor dining scene, BUT woefully understaffed on servers (nearly every single time), and often lousy customer service.
Everyone that I speak with in the neighborhood talks about the long wait times, sporadic wait service, and frequent forgetting or screw-ups on orders... but somehow it's still worth it because of the location and great food.
I just wish they could get it together!  Given that this criticism has been the same for YEARS, you'd think management would invest would staff more fully (especially during busy times) and in better training/hiring.  Some day, maybe???
I nearly gave 2 stars, except that the last time we were there our waitress was super sweet and friendly (even when there were 2 screwups on our orders).  Plus, the guy assisting our waitress was really helpful and friendly.Servers are really nice. Food is really bad, even the fries are undercooked.very poorly run.While the ambiance is pretty nice for group outings, I don't think the food is all that great for the price that you pay.Actually, we got the crab bucket that we split between myself and my sister. We are both small girls with little appetites. No one informed us that the bucket was portioned for 1 person. We received 2 clusters, half of a corn on the cob, 2 small potatoes, and 3 slivers of sausage.  But Nevermind the portion. 1 Crab equalling to $30 is a huge rip off when you can get a pound for less than quarter of the price. You should stop using the word "bucket" as it is very misleading. I know this because the 2 women sitting next to us who ordered the same thing agreed. I still don't know how you can justify your pricing for your portions.This was first time at Crabby's. I did not try the seafood but had a few beers and a Crispy Chicken Sandwich plus Cajun Fries. The sandwich was really good and the staff were friendly. Fried were really good as well. Only thing was the beer. They have a entire dedicated to drafts on tap ( well it looked like it ). Out of like 20 taps they probably had 5 working or with beer. Almost the first 4 or 5 beers I asked for they were out of. I've never seen this before at a place with that many taps. Not sure if its poorly managed or if they had a big event the night before. But my only choices were like regular domestic beers basically. It might of only been this one time, I'm not sure. But that was my experience here. I'd go back if beer was fully stockedWould be five stars if the service was better. The food was great, the Flyers game was on, so there was a good crowd as well. I got the crab bucket, which is nice since there is different options as far as seasoning is concerned. I got the spicy, which had the right balance and tasted awesome. Also, I got the sampler, which was A LOT of different kinds of fried food, but I don't recommend getting the sampler unless you are OK with taking home left overs, and/or you only have 1 or 2 people with you, just because its a lot of food. As far as the service, Im not sure what the issue was, it wasn't packed in there, but the wait was just super long. I was able to look over the drink menu and food menu and decide what I wanted before anyone even came over to ask what I wanted to drink, (Im picky, so that never happens.) Also, when I ordered alcoholic drinks, it took about 10 mins to get the drink. The service is not up to par, not even close; luckily, I wasn't in a rush to be anywhere, so I didn't particularly care, but it is something that should be worked on. It isn't hard to find people who like making money, if they wanna slack off, get rid of them; its as simple as that. This places seafood is so good, it could give Chickies & Petes a run for their money, they really just need to work on their service and they could do just that.If I could give this place 0 stars I would. Last year I came here and it was delicious! We got the fisherman's bucket and it was so much seafood. It was delicious, plentiful and fresh.  Since I was ranting and raving about this place my sister wanted to come. Well egg on my face because we ordered the crab bucket.... Cough cough I never knew a bucket of crabs consisted of two small clusters. And to top it off it was $30!!!! You can get a lobster for cheaper what a f*ckin rip off! We talked to the manager and they said that they had to adjust their portions because they were "giving away seafood". Well guess what, if this place keeps ripping of their customers the way they are they won't be in business anymore. Do not come here unless you want to waste your money and leave hungry!I have a hard time making my mind up about this place, as there are so many different pros and cons that are a little hard to weigh out:
Pros:
1. Seafood!
I mean, why else are you coming here, if not for the seafood? I do get extremely excited to eat here. Sloppy, messy, all around fun while you're eating.
2. Beer and drinks
Great variety of beers on tap, as well as bottled and canned beers.
3. In the piazza/no libs area
Lots of other stuff to do here. Plus the giant tv screen that plays games.
Cons:
1. Hostess and service seems a little unorganized.
Hostess told us it would be a half hr wait, the second time we came here, but when we went inside to sit at the bar, there were three tables open. Then when the hostess saw that I was eyeing those tables, she came over after we ordered our beers at the bar, and then sat us at one of those tables. Service was a little slow, but our waitress was extremely nice. It just seems that they're either understaffed or undertrained.
2. Ran out of blue crab.
I was sad, because I was really craving blue crab. They were all out, but the nice waitress did tell us that this place has an all you can eat blue crab event coming up. I'll be on the look out for that, but it seems that this place runs out of blue crab pretty frequently.
3. Your next bowel movement won't be pleasant
My recommendations:
1. Shrimp!
2. Lemon cajun. I love it more than the regular cajun they have.
3. Eat outside!
It's not the best cajun seafood/seafood boil place I've ever had, but it's pretty darn good! Maybe if the service just got it together better, it'll be a lot more pleasant to go to.This was my first time here. My son and I really enjoyed the food! I had the cafe special PHO noodles. Omgeeee delicious! My son had the cajun wings and fries. Delicious!!!! I get the bubble tea passion fruit with a shot of patron!!!! Lol!!!  The staff was friendly and accommodating. 
Fast forward. This is my favorite spot!!! I go here all the time.  I get the crab legs and shrimp bucket with crabby seasoning. I also get the crawfish. I prefer the fresh over frozen but they are both awesome!!!!!!!  $45 total for one. They have a $60 bucket for two but no crawfish included. You will have to order separate. I enjoy the North East location (small) because you can park easy and it's BYOB!!! Reheating at home the next day is still delicious!!!Beautiful Friday night. Eagles preseason game on the jumbotron. residents walking their dogs, kids playing Outside seating is great. The selection of beer bottle and draft was impressive tried apricot ale, pumpkin ale, lemon cider etc. Now on to the food very attentive waitress but the food took forever but soooooo worth the wait. We chose the seafood bucket for 2, with 3 different types of crab clusters, clams crawfish mussels and shrimp. Unfortunately no substitution, my friends isn't a fan of clams (more for me) and the sausage was no where to be found. Oh and get the lemon Cajun sauce. Yum! I anticipate a trip back on a Sunday before it gets to cold!This place was nice inside. Loved all the tvs. Went on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't busy. We ordered two pounds of shrimp, Cajun fries, sausages, and corn. The shrimp was undercooked so we returned it and they didn't charge for us. The shrimp was still clear and jelly feeling. The sauce was okay. The Cajun fries needed more Cajun. And the corn was too soft. The only good thing was that the waitress was nice. Not coming back!Brought my girlfriend here on a date tonight as I've been here several times before. ( I'm a waitress and she's a chef who work locally so we are extremely lenient with the service industry) I was confident it was going to be a perfect date, that wasn't the case at all. We ordered crawfish mac n cheese, Caesar salad,a bucket of snow crab and shrimp and some beers. Mac and cheese came out visually painfully dry and there were no crawfish. :( The salad had minimal dressing and seemed oddly small for a $11. The shrimp and crab were perfectly cooked and seasoned. The girl sitting next to us ordered same salad and it was twice the size?? Our waitress never brought us proper utensils for eating crab legs which was pretty annoying. As we went through our meal we were never checked on or offered another drink, i totally wanted another beer which was upsetting. Never until all of our plates were cleared she came back. I hate to be so negative but for $70 I expect to leave somewhat happy. Wouldn't go back or recommend.I've been here only 2 times but each time, it's been great! The service is always good which I'm a huge critic when it comes to service. I always get the bucket with crawfish, clams, and shrimp. The sauce is AMAZING. I sadly didn't get a lot of corn, sausage, or potatoes. Maybe next time. But I always love coming here. Great beer selection as well. Me and my husband are from Florida so we know good cheap seafood prices. But I don't mind paying extra for it here if I always leave satisfied!I don't understand why this place has such good reviews. The entire experience was comically awful. Our party of 8 stopped in on a Saturday night and the place was mostly empty. They were out of ingredients for two of the drinks on the menu, as well as three of the food items we ordered. We got pretty basic food; crab sandwich and chicken fingers were great. My friend ordered an easy chicken sandwich and after all our food came out the waitress came over and asked what she ordered, what kind of cheese and what kind of sauce. They were of course out of the sauce. Literally a minute later they brought her sandwich out with a half-melted sad piece of cheese and barely cooked chicken. Two of us ordered sides of corn on the cob. Each side is actually 3 half-cobs, brought to the table in a steaming hot plastic bag. The corn was super hot and yet barely cooked and not at all season. No cob holders. I stuck a steak knife (which we had to ask for because utensils are apparently by-request only) in either end because it was so hot, but only had one bite when I realized it was basically boiled yellow frozen corn. The best part is they they automatically added gratuity to the bill of our large party. Pretty typical. Except they added 25%. We paid it and left because the servers were very nice but wow does this place suck. We kind of ended up here by accident and I didn't exactly have high hopes for a Piazza restaurant but it was truly awful.Enjoyed the atmosphere. Well equipped for Sunday football viewing. 
Service at the bar was a bit slow, but we weren't in any rush. Corona bucket was a good choice for us.
My boyfriend and I split a catfish poboy, hungry for some Cajun food after glancing at the menu. I have to say, what we were delivered was NOT a poboy at all reminiscent of what you'd get in New Orleans. They'd be better off just calling it a catfish sandwich. But here's the thing -- it was DELICIOUS. Perfectly fried, light and flaky catfish. Not at all greasy. Bun, sauce, and toppings all on point (I could've used some pickles, but that's just me). Fries were okay, could've used another minute in the frier.
Overall, I was pleased with our experience.I don't really like writing bad reviews but this is the only place in recent (years) memory where I wasn't able to get through even half of my meal, much less clean the plate like I'm used to. A friend and I went in the beginning of the summer for some lunch and a beer. Our waitress, an older woman whose name escapes me, was very nice and attentive. That's pretty much about the only positive thing I can say. I ordered the spicy asian fried chicken sandwich. I maybe got through 4 bites of it through sheer force of will before throwing in the towel. It was really pretty vile. I forget what my friend got but the experience was the same. A lot of food went into the trash (i hope) that day. The place is too overpriced to have food that bad. I'd maybe go back for a beer but that would be it. +1 star for our nice bartender.I went here on a weeknight and they had the happy hour special till 8pm.  They had specials with $6 mussels and also specials on $1 oysters.  The oysters were fresh and the mussels on point for the price!  There weren't much of a crowd on a Tuesday weeknight and our waitress was very attentive.Went as soon as they opened at 4pm. Got the crawfish, clams,shrimp #2combo & mussels appetizer. Seafood was great and fresh. The sauces on the other hand are super buterry.I am comparing to other sauces I have tried I'm equivalent restaurants such as the Boiling Crab's shebang. The kitchen was also super slow. But overall I will be going back.Perfect place if you're looking to satisfy a seafood craving with some spice! 
The bar is tucked away in the corner of the Piazza but once you're there, you're ready to eat!  My friends and I went here a few days ago and we're hooked.  I love the fact you have a variety of seafood you can order and the seasoning you can chose to accompany each of your choices.  They also offer a good selection of drafts and has a nice casual ambience.  
If you love a decent sauce the Crabby Cajun Spicy is really good with the crab legs, shrimp, clams, etc.  If you do get adventurous with the Crabby Cajun Burning, you will have a spicy mouth the whole night.  It's delicious but could only do 1 of my orders using that spice.  Still delicious! 
My favorites have been the snow and dungeness crab legs, shrimp and clams.  They also offer oysters on the half shell which is fantastic and fresh.
I also have to say the portion sizes of each is great.  They don't skimp out on the sizing of their seafood or meat of it (better yet). 
The servers were really friendly and could answer any question to their best knowledge.  Generally you'll have to go with your gut instinct on what seasoning you chose, but so far every one I've tried has been a winner.
I have yet to try to Pho since I could never get past the amount of seafood I always order but will try the Pho the next time I'm there.I've been to both Crabby Cafe locations and the Piazza one is my favorite. The quality of the food is much better, especially for the fried foods. The wings at the NE location is much smaller, a bit saltier, and overfried most of the time. Also, the consistency of the food is not quite there yet as the levels of salt and heat vary each time I go.
However, when they say the seafood is fresh, it's very fresh. I love the plump and juicy raw oysters as well as the cooked fresh seafood that they serve.
The service at both locations is very good, but the timing of the food needs some work. I've had my food come out faster than the raw oysters sometimes. It's a great thing that my love of food keeps me coming.
P.S. dipping the sweet potato fries in the cajun sauces are BOMB!Bartender was incredibly rude. Got us drinks then when we asked to order food he said "no I'm too busy I'm doing 19 things right now." Never going back or recommending it. Will probably close soon like the last three places that were there before it.Place was legit.  Went for a Flyers playoff game - great atmosphere.
I had a few dale pale ales and the wife had bloody Mary's, both were good.  
Service was very friendly and attentive.  Guy behind the bar offered useful and good food recommendations.  My wife had the shrimp po' boy with fries.  Fries were seasoned with old bay and the po' boy tasted like the shrimp was freshly caught that day.  I had the hot-garlic wings.  They were very meaty and tasty, with the right blend of heat and flavor.  Food was excellent.  They definitely don't skimp on portion size either, very generous.  I've been looking long and far for a good wing place in Philly and think we might have found it.  We'll definitely be back.  Very impressed.I used to come to Crabby's at least once a month in the past, but I haven't been here in a year and a half due to school.... Until tonight.. 
I'm not sure if management changed but everything was terrible. I took my girlfriend to grab a beer and food. There were two people in the entire bar and no hostess. We asked the bartender if we could sit anywhere. A waitress came out to us and we ordered wings as our app and a beer each. Beers took 10mins to come out. Wings came out and the waitress didn't come out to check on us. 
Finally she came out and we ordered our meals. I got Pho and my girlfriend got the mussels in marinara. Her mussels came out but my pho didn't for another 15mins. My girlfriend had about 4 mussels and had to send them back. (She's never sent food back before) BUT, they were extremely bland and over cooked. When my gf apologized for having to send them back the waitress rudely said, "well what do you want me to do???"  My girlfriend said send them back please so she can order something different. 
So my girlfriend just ordered more wings. Then my pho came out. I eat pho often and this was no pho I've ever had. The broth tasted EXTREMELY sweet. I'm pretty sure it was cinnamon sugar. Unfortunately, it wasn't even edible. So I just asked for the bill and noticed they still charged us for the mussels that were taken away. The server insisted that they couldn't be taken off and I had to pay for them. When my gf had them take away, we weren't informed of this, so we asked to speak to the manager. After explaining everything she took the mussels off. After all of this, we still tipped out waitress. (No matter how bad the service is you always tip) ANYWAYS, 
overall it was a waste of time and money. Won't be back.We went there on opening night, so it's expected that there will be some hiccups, but this was all kinds of bad.  
As someone who has served in the restaurant industry before, I understand how overwhelming things can get at times, but even with that level of understanding, this was terrible experience.
The Good:
- Great craft beer selection; they had the Game of Thrones beer!  (Delicious!)
- Plenty of TVs that you can actually see from just about anywhere
- Chicken fingers, not bad
- A server (not ours) was great; she actually helped us!
- I didn't have to pay for my pho
The Bad:
- I didn't eat any pho
The Ugly:
- My pho took over an hour (table next to us, seated after us, got theirs about 45 min before me) 
- Finally got my pho, and it wasn't even right!  I've been served the wrong pho before and it's really not a big deal (it happens) and I just eat it but after an hour..
- Our server was horrifically absent, neglectful and rather snide:
1) she never stopped by (on her own accord) to ask us if we needed anything after she brought over our beers
2) didn't bring anything we asked for (e.g. honey mustard sauce)
3) never cleared our table, then made a fuss about there not being enough room on the table for my pho
4) we'd try to get her attention, and she would just look at us.  At one point, she sent someone else over to tell us she'd be there in a minute - she could have just nodded at us to let us.. (didn't come back for at least 15 min) - appeared to be a "cover your ass" move, make it seem like this table is "demanding" so they're in wrong, not me
After waiting over an hour, I couldn't enjoy my drink - I hadn't had dinner yet so the alcohol was nauseating on an empty stomach.
I'm sure if you had a server that didn't ignore you, you would have a decent experience.
They were busy but nothing excuses terrible, snide service.  Hopefully everyone else had a less frustrating experience here.I found this place a few months back while walking down second street there Jose wings are amazing along with their crabby sauce I usually get their snow crabs with crabby sauce in the side mussels and buffalo shrimp which comes with rice and I like to use the crabby sauce for the rice they also have a great bar drink menus and pretty reasonable for a seafood place they also have 50 cent wings on wedTypical bar in the Piazza.  When you enter from the Piazza there is a bar to your right with a good amount of taps on the wall.  Another section of the bar lines the right side of the larger middle section of the building.  There wasn't anything about this place that stood out but they did have some decent beer selections.  They have a breathalyzer machine on the wall that you can use for $1.  If you check in with the yelp app you get a $2 draft.After changing their wing recipe a bit, I can safely say they have the best wings in the city.  But the rest of the menu is superb; I find myself coming here frequently for the seafood with their special Cajun spicy sauce.  Put it on everything, you won't be disappointed.
 I used to hate going to the Piazza, but making trips here are so worth it for the grub.  Drink specials are decent and the staff is very nice.  When I win the lottery I'm gonna buy the space above, and eat dinner here very frequently.Place is great for a drink and crawfish! I love the amount of televisions with multiple sports channels! The cabby wings and casian fries are so good! I can't really judge the pho, I never really had it.I have been a fan of crabbys since they opened up in Northeast Philly. Once the Northern Liberties location opened with a bar I try my best to make it out there every now and again. But things have drastically Changed in my Last two visits. A few months back I went with my boyfriend to this location and the service was slow. I'm a very patient person and the weather was beautiful out so I let it slide. There was also a band playing and I figure let's not ruin the mood.
Our drinks took forever to come out. And no it wasn't an extremely busy night so I wasn't sure what was going on. When our crawfish came out it wasn't spicy( we ordered spicy) ...whatever. We didn't make a big deal of it. The waitress seemed to take forever and seemed to be confused where To place the items on the table.. that I just rearranged everything for her. My boyfriend was beyond frustrated and said he was done with the place .
I recently went back with a group of friends. We all ordered at least a pound of seafood. One friend ordered wings and fries. We ordered and waited 15 mins for our drinks to arrive. Now the food even longer and we kept being told there was another large party that threw the kitchen off. We're patient but there was ONE other large party.. and that was really it. If that's too much pressure on a Saturday night idk how you guys are surviving. Anyway.. I ordered 2lbs of crawfish in a bucket. They brought out the food 1lb at a time. I was confused.. I've always had it come out in one bag. Tried to get it clarified but it wasn't getting me no where. My friends ordered a bucket and didn't get the corn, sausage and potatoes ( which they were then comped for). One of my friends and I both ordered the same sauce but somehow mine was wayyyy tooo sweet and hers was extra salty.. how does this even make sense? Now I've lost my Appetite. All the while the girl that ordered fries Still didn't get her fries! Everyone's seafood came out and still no sign of fries.. after we asked twice Where they were. They made an appearance.. it was the very last thing to show up. What was supposed to be our little appetizer to munch on to wait for the food was the last thing that came out. 
Overall.. slooowwwww service ( to the point we went to go find the utensils and hot sauce  ourselves) and it seemed like the waitress was easily Flustered (seemed like she was the only
One on a Saturday night?). The sauce is ridiculously inconsistent. I'm a patient person but at this point I would never go back and wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Maybe there has been new management in the past few Months?  Whatever it is you guys need to fix it cuz you are ruining what people think of Crabbys.Great food, great atmosphere, a lot of TVs and music! Service and staff are good. I come here at least once every month because my girlfriend loves the crawfish. The price is a little expensive, but reasonable. The crawfish sauce is amazing. I always come here and leave on a very full stomach and satisfied !Worst place ever. Tried to order food but the bartender was rude and told me I couldn't because he had "19 things to do."Crabby's is a super chill, inexpensive happy hour option in Northern Liberties. For my beverage only experience, I joined fellow Yelpers at the recent YEE pre-game at Crabby's and enjoyed my time there. 
There was a ton of space for us to sit and hang out by the bar. They also had the front window/door open to the Piazza (or whatever they are calling it nowadays) so it had an open-air, part of the greater picture feel. 
Our bartender was really friendly and took care of our growing group nicely. Not to mention, $3 for most draft beers and $4 glasses of champagne. I left with a nice little, cheap buzz on. 
The only happy hour food was $1 oysters so I didn't eat, but the Louisiana style food piqued my interest.
I'm not in the area much, but I'd go back for another kick-starter to my evening.I ordered the crawfish and shrimp combo dish. The sauce is good. But the shrimp seem like it was few days old. It literally was bad and it was falling apart like paste. I got home and was in the bathroom the most of the night. 2 stars only because the waitress was attentiveGreat selection on brews on the wall, some will take you by surprise because they have some that are out of season still up on the wall which is sometimes a good thing if it's something you like but can't get any more. I enjoyed this spot for the most part. Really relaxed comfortable atmosphere. What I didn't enjoy was belligerent drunk "Mike" who seemed to be handicap in one way or another. I only know his name because the bartenders had to put him in check multiple times through out the night, so I take it he's a normal there. Still you cannot continue to serve someone who's not only bothering other customers but also near the point of falling over. Mike made a multiple different attempts to confront us randomly with smart comments and assumptions after approaching my group of friends randomly after stumbling up on us stating "what did you say to me? Say it again I'm from Mayfair"
Not sure if this guy was actually handicap we saved mike from the fight he was trying to pick as once again he had to be put in check by the bartenders, being told "settle down mike, settle down"... Why not throw this asshole out that was like the 8th time. As long as handicap mike is there he can continue to pick shit fits with other customers because I won't be coming back.the only spot to get your spicy shrimp and crawfish in a clear plastic bag fix in philly.  honestly my mouth is watering again just writing this review.  one of my big gripes has to be the price.  $25 bucks for 2lbs, which is their "standard" size is pretty steep.  i'm assuming they didn't fish those things out of the delaware, or maybe they did.  also, while the cajun sauce was buttery, spicy and great with a couple beers, i really have a problem with the mostly ant-sized crawfish in my bag.  they kinda looked like sea monkeys.  who wants two pounds of delaware river sea monkeys?  next time, i'll opt for a pound of cajun skrimps and a couple more beers.I am visited this location within the first two weeks of being open and it was great! Great food menu and even better beer menu! The food was fresh and awesome and the beer was cold and priced great as well. I am an avid seafood eater and love craft beer. Seafood was not disappointing at all and the beers were great. Service was wonderful as well, from the servers to the bartenders, awesome! I will definitely be returning to Crabbys Cafe & Sports Bar in the Piazza. I noticed very cool outside seating area, a big screen TV outside which will be great to watch Phillies this season! Awesome all around!I've been here a couple times and it can be a hit or miss.
Service and flavor was consistently good. The waitresses are attentive and friendly. The flavor to everything is true to what they should be and really complement the seafood.
50 cent chicken wings and 75 cent fried shrimp on Wednesdays are a filling deal! 
The only disappointment is the portion size. The first time I came, I ordered a pound of snow crabs (which is $23 btw). I decided to make it a "bucket" meal which was an extra $7 to add in corn, sausage and potatoes. So $30. I got a decent amount of everything.
The second and third time I came for the same order, they seemed to combine the weight of the snow crab and the "bucket" food..? I barely got 2 pieces of snow crab. It wasn't worth and I can't believe I paid $30 for that...Mojito with sour mix, rice that's rubbery with no starch, and wings that were burnt. If those sound like the start to a good night then you're sorely mistaken. 
This is the second time I've been here and it's the second time the service was extremely slow on a quiet night. First time a server never came to us after being seated on yup, a quiet night. Dan the bartender was good though. 
How can this bar survive with Gunner's Run afford the courtyard? A bar/restaurant that sat us immediately and got the food and drinks right the first time.I went here twice with groups of friends and I got the pleasure of trying a lot of things on the menu.  
I tried the snow crabs, shrimp, clams, potato all in spicy flavor.  Wow, it was delicious.  The food was really fresh and the sauce made it so tasty.  When all was done, I was actually taking spoonfuls of the sauce and drinking it!  I also had a couple pieces of the chicken wings and some cajun fries.  Wings were very good and I would say that it is one of the better places for wings in Philadelphia.  
The second visit I ate pho.  I had few friends who tried the pho at Crabby and they stated that it was very good so I had to try it for myself.  As a person who has tried almost every pho place in Philadelphia, I was not disappointed.  Their size was gigantic and the broth was very flavorful.  
Crabby has a wide selection of food on their menu and if I was still local, it would definitely be my place of choice for some great food and drinks.The staff at Crabby Cafe were just awesome, all day at the Beard Fest, the bartenders were so on top of thier game, I couldn't have asked for more friendly service, Chrissy and Dan were just amazing!!!!
Sincerely,
DJ TRUBBLEMAKER!!Absolute worst bar, prices are terrible, drinks are okay but the service is atrocious. Also their fries are terrible. A stranger literally turned around  and asked me if I wanted theirs because they could not stomach another bite. How this place stays open is a mystery to me, I guess a good location can make up for complete and utter failure in every other facet of food and bar service. The place was maybe a third full and the bartenders just plain ignore you as if you don't exist. They don't care that you've been waiting money in hand to order or pay, they just do whatever. Bartenders are rude and particularly ignore you as you try to close out your tab, likely hoping that your lack of patience will result in an additional drink order. Oh and they have credit card minimums of 15 so let that be the cherry atop the shit pie that is Crabbys. They really lived up to their name.This is a really nice place to go for drinks and hang out. The inside is kind of small, but the outdoor seating definitely makes up for that space. Perfect summertime hang out. 
I really wanted to try the crawfish bucket, but was reluctant in doing so, so I had the bacon cheeseburger. You know the food is good when something that is so basic, on the menu, is delicious. I regret not getting the crawfish bucket! They have a great beer selection as well.
This place is definitely a great place to go if you're looking to have a chill time drinking some beers while enjoying some food.We went last night for my daughter's 18th birthday.  We had reservations for 15, but only 13 were there. After being seated a waitress took our drink order and handed out menus. After waiting 25 minutes for someone to come back to our table, another waitress arrived and took our appetizer order. Our apps came out in about 20 minutes, so far, not too impressed. Things went downhill from there. Many of the appetizers were overcooked! The extra large steamers were almost impossible to chew! The fried calamari was left in the fryer so long, the breading was a very dark brown, both orders! Now we've been in the restaurant over an hour and ready to order our main dishes...this is when we find out that they are out of mussels...and crab legs! Ok, back to the menus! The waitress comes back in about 15 minutes. "We'll have the crab cakes " Sorry, we're out of crab cakes!  What?! Couldn't you have told us this before? This is a Tuesday night! Not very busy, I would hate to see this place on a busy night! Then they wouldn't substitute for the things that they ran out of in their seafood buckets! 3 hours later and a $530 bill...no thanks!So, I definitely enjoyed the NorthEast location a lot better. A plus about this place is that they accept credit cards and that they have a Happy Hour special on the Oysters. Oh, and they have check in offers, a bar, and really cute decor!
HH oysters - I was hoping the size would be as nice and plump as the other location, but it just wasn't. :-( For the size of two of the $1 oyster, it didn't really equal to one of the regular Oysters at other location. Sigh.
Crabby Wings - right when it came out, I could really smell the shrimp paste in it. I like shrimp paste in general, but the balance of the flavors wasn't there. It was too overpowering
Crawfish - The meat was delicious, but the sauce they cooked it in didn't quite soak into the crawfish, therefore, it was a lil bland. You didn't get the yumminess of the wonderful flavors they use. I wonder if they needed the broth to soak in longer.... And the seasoning they used for after cooking (seasonings in the bag) also wasn't as balanced. It was on the extremely sweeter side than spicy.
I think some of the cooks at the other location needs to train some of the ones at this one.Honestly. Fuck this place. The Hispanic chef with goatee served us a strand of hair and had the nerve to ask where. Listen you amateur "chef" your long ass hair was in my food!! Wrapped around a clam!  And they had the nerve to GIVE US THE SAME BAG!!! After they took out the hair!! As if we wouldn't notice!! And if you are wondering which party, August 28th, 2017 Monday night around 830-9pm. A $300 bill and no discount for the freaking hair!!! I wish I can give zero stars for this placeFood was meh. Had the crab fries, and wings. Wings were small, and fries were bland. Tasted like it was right out the freezer. The best part was when the check came out. I gave her my American Express, when she went to the register she "pretend" swiped my card, then walked back to my table saying my card was declined. When I know for a fact that it has ZERO balance on it. So I just used another card. I called American Express, they informed me my car wasn't even swiped for authorization or anything! If a place of business chooses NOT to accept to American Express, just say so. Don't embarrass me in front of my friends. I usually don't write reviews like this. But with mediocre food, and then embarrass me. Never again coming back to this place. I mentioned it to a few friends, and they did experience the same thing.Rudest bartender, and totally sexist. I waited for 10 minutes and the bartender didn't even look at me. He served all the men and didn't serve any women. Even when women yelled at him, he just said "we're closed" and wouldn't serve them.Come here fairly often. The seafood is the best we've had in the city. Service can be a bit spotty at times and if you order a drink from the bar expect to wait. But the staff is friendly and it's a super relaxed environment. All in all, it's definitely a place to check out if you want to hang out and aren't in a rush.This is a very unique seafood bar with varieties on the menu that range from PHO (vietnamese soup) to burgers all the way to all the seafood that you can imagine.  I personally ordered a seafood combination of crab legs, steamed clams, crawfish, and pick&peal shrimp. The entire combo was  mixed in cajun seasoning and came out wrapped in a bag with a bucket for disposal of the shells.  The food was great! The mix was pretty one sided as I got A LOT of shrimp , good amount of crawfish, some clams, and very little crab legs.  I felt like I was shorted on the best stuff and spent $45 on this meal.  For that price they could of added some more crab legs. I didn't like is that you have to eat everything with your hands and I left completely covered in sauce all way down my pants and shirt.  I did enjoy the atmosphere and I loved my waitress Julie, she was very friendly.  They have a pretty large beer selection and a good outside seating area. I would come back here again but would order differently.Went on a friday night for hockey playoff games.They have 20 televisions but can only have 2 channels on.How can you call yourself a sports bar.Food was decent.Service is slow and management no where to be found.Such a great place to go at Schmidt's Commons or the Piazza (whichever you prefer to call it). The outdoor seating area is amazing to watch a game. And they have great happy hour deals! 
The cuisine here is very eclectic they have everything from american bar food to Vietnamese pho to craw fish. And all of it is delicious! 
My friends and I came to watch an eagles game and had a great time at one of the many wood picnic tables that are outside. We seated ourselves and ordered a bunch of beer, shots and food. 
The waiter was very slow and it appeared that there was only one waiter for everyone outside and that was just not okay. They absolutely needed more waiters because we were waiting five minutes just for utensils at one point for the food that was warm and getting colder as every minute passed. 
I enjoyed the atmosphere, the food, and the deals but unfortunately the service was less than ideal.Me and the homies went to Crabby's cafe & bar and grill for Monday night football (EAGLES GAME) and was pleasantly surprised. The service was great, the food was awesome, they had tons of beers on tap and drink specials. What more to can you ask for to cheer on the home teams domination victory?Crabby Cafe has taken a drastic turn... in a downward spiral... it used to be my favorite spots every summer for drinks and seafood... the servers have changed and are less friendly and attentive... the last time it took my friends and I about 30 minutes just to get our orders taken... i went this time for drinks during the eagles game... it took me 10 minutes just to get a drink... and longer to get a second one... when i asked to close my tab the lady walked past me and told someone else... i got my tab and the lady walked right passed me again as i put the cash with my tab... I dunno if the previous owner sold the place but the food and service is just horrible here now.... if i could give zero stars I would because it has gotten to be that bad...I decided to give this place another shot when a good friend and I were in the neighborhood and she was craving seafood. Horrible first impression for her and even worst second experience for me.The food did not improve but this time it was the service that left a bad taste in my mouth. 
We ordered a bowl of pho to share and a pound each of the cajun crawfish and shrimp. The pho was fine and the shrimp was average. I popped a crawfish in my mouth and noticed immediately that it did not taste fresh. I dismissed it, thinking it was just that one. I tried a couple more.The strong cajun flavor did not mask the foul odor and taste. I did not say anything, assuming it was just my picky tongue. But my friend took one bite and spat out her crawfish. We flagged down the waitress and she returned with a new bag of crawfish.
It was a new batch but the crawfish was still bad. My friend and I decided to just let it go. We had already finished the rest of our meal and were full anyway. However, our waitress stopped by to ask us how the new batch was. We expressed our honest opinion. Her first reaction was to inform us that she could not comp the crawfish for us and that we couldn't have it for free. We were completely bewildered. One, we never asked for or desired a refund. Two, we could not have been nicer about the issue. 
A few minutes later, someone we presumed was the chef walked over to us with the waitress, holding a live crawfish in his hand. They dangled it in front of us. "See? All our crawfish are fresh." 
It was a bad meal, but the service was even harder to digest. Won't be returning.I'm baffled by these bad reviews on here.  I come to Crabby's about once a week for drinks, maybe an appetizer. I like to sit at the outside bar when it's nice out, they have a decent draft selection and have the Phillies on tv. Jackie and Jordan have always been excellent, attentive bartenders.  I really dig the wings and $1 oysters.  It's one of the few local spots that isn't hipster pretentious bullshit.It was my first time trying any Crabbys and I didn't really have that many expectations. We got seat pretty quickly because there was barely any people in the dining room area. 
My friends and I ordered a pitcher of beer. I got cajun fries, a pound of crawfish and a pound of clams both in regular sauce, and corn on the cob (which comes three per order). The crawfish were HUGE! And the regular sauce was super good; it had a buttery flavor to it that I loved. 
I took one star away because the service was pretty slow our whole time there. 
BUT the restaurant is dog-friendly which was amazing because I was allowed to pet two dogs.At first it was a sports bar with a regular bar food, but now they added this seafood cajun mix in there and now its actually really good.   The cajun seasoning on their food is pretty good, i.e. fries.  I ordered the fried catfish basket last time and the fish to breading ratio was good.  I also tried the spicy chile wings, which are FULL wings like Moriartys, and they were delicious, especially with my side of rice.  I heard their pho and boiling seafood is good too, which I'll have to try next time.  I don't think there's anywhere else in Phily you can get this type of boiling seafood.   I like the location as its in the Piazza, which seems to have alot going on.  I also like the tv's and outdoor seating which is great for games, especially the World Cup going on right now.  Good improvement, Crabby's!I would not recommend this place at all. Ordered loaded fries which were absolutely terrible and the meat was weirdly sweet, which probably came out of a can, to be honest. Also ordered crab legs which were decent but they couldn't find me crab crackers for over 20 min so I couldn't eat the claw and harder legs so they were cold. Very disappointed.This is my 1st time @ Crabby's & after the great service I received from Tore--I will definitely return!  It was a great night to dine outdoors-so me & my friend decided to sit at the picnic table outside and enjoy the 'Art @ Night' show going on.
We ordered appetizers-Calamari & Cesar Salad.  The Calamari was over cooked--when I shared w/Tore--she took it off the bill.   I decided to try the BBQ Bacon Burger & Cajun Fries & my friend had the Mussels--The food was cooked well & we felt it all worked out great!lI had a few brews & a cocktail before it was all over.  
Overall, the establishment is not memorable, but the service was genuine & wonderful & because of that I will return when I am in the area--Thanks Tore!Having spent 6 years in a state (Texas) that borders the place cajun food hails from (Louisiana), I was spoiled beyond belief by restaurants like The Boiling Crab, Bayou Twist, and numerous others. I was saddened when I moved back to Philly and realized that Cajun food (mainly cajun seafood) was a rarity on the East Coast. So imagine my joy when a good friend told me about this place (I immediately yelped it, of course. Good reviews, green light!) Upon arrival, I was greeted with the familiar aroma of cajun spices. I was giddy with excitement. I wanted to try everything! I ordered pho (recommended by fellow yelpers), cajun wings & fries, 2 pounds of shrimp, a pound of snow crab legs and half a pound of sausage--all in spicy Caiun sauce. I had to remind myself not to drool as the waitress (who was very nice!) returned with our order. 
Here's a quick breakdown of the food for everyone who does not want to read my verbatim:
Shrimp, Crab and sausage: The Cajun sauce was TOO sweet. The first few bites were okay but a few minutes later I found myself not dipping the seafood in the sauce anymore. I could not taste anything but sugar and butter.
Pho: Nothing spectacular. Average. 
Cajun wings & fries: Nothing Cajun about them, NO BUENO. 
My foodie friend and I were sad after our meal. We thought we had discovered our new spot, but sadly, we have to keep searching.Perfect place to catch a Yankee Game on a Sunny Sunday afternoon. I can always count on the Oysters hitting the Spot. Jordan is always on point behind the bar. He has introduced my beautiful lady and I to some fun off the wall cocktails.
We love sitting at the bar on the patio to people watch and enjoy good food and fun. Jordan and Chris are a great team to keep us fed, boozed and entertained! Cheers!!This used to be my go to place: I came here religiously every week. I started to notice some people complain about the quality dropping. Still, I went here to eat. Past 2 times in 2 weeks. I noticed that they have let themselves go a lot. First off, the hostess comes off very rude. They had us wait 25 mins for a table that wasn't even occupied. Actually, they had 3 tables. So we ordered Cajun fries and our usual shrimp and clams. It took 45 mins, yes 45 mins for fries to come out and they were under seasoned. I needed to ask for more seasoning. Not to mention that the fries came out cold. 20 mins later the seafood comes out. The Cajun spicy seasoning was delicious. I wish I could say about the seafood itself. The shrimp was under cooked. Very chewy, sort of clear and had this seafood smell. Not to mention, the shrimp was old or overlooked bc the shell wouldn't peel off and the shrimp was very mushy. It's sad bc I used to love this place. I won't be coming back.It's not every day that you are welcomed to a new city the way I was at Crabby's. I arrived late to the city and was looking to have a few drinks and catch a baseball game on TV. Not only was I presented with an excellent drink selection, but the manager, Chris, was able to recommend me a few selections that I had never tried before and they were all on point! Over dinner, we were discussing our favorite cocktails and I can honestly say that Chris made the best Manhattan I have ever had. Crabby's is now an essential stop every time I come to Philly.I am from Texas and I was visiting Philadelphia to check out some schools and it was one of our last days and I was in the mood for some seafood and I was recommended to Crabby's and it was great! Our server, Marissa, was very attentive. Unfortunately, our food and drinks were lacking on times we ordered but she made sure we were updated and not ignored. When our food did come out, it was hot and steamy and fresh!! The cajun spicy sauce you have is incredible and I wish I could buy bottles! We will be back again when I am here for school!This is NOT A SPORTS BAR!! Tried watching the Stanley Cup, and although they had the game on, this was the worst place to watch. Service was non-existent. Sat at the bar and waited 15 minutes to talk to the bartender. We ordered one beer and didn't see her again for an hour. I love so many bars in this city and am always willing to give the benefit of the doubt but this bar is BAD. Ownership turns over every 1 or 2 years so it won't last anyway. Save your money and time.Calling all seafood lovers (craw-fish, crab legs, clams, mussels...all of that good stuff)!  Finally!  A place with delicious seafood prepped w/ their homemade cajun seasoning.  From their original to burning spice sauce - this place offers the perfect environment and a variety of yummy craft beers to enjoy with your scrumptious food.  
They also offer PHO...yes, PHO!  I am generally a little pickier about the broth, since my mama always make the best homemade pho.  However, I am actually impressed with how tasteful their pho is here at Crabby Cafe & Sports Bar, especially being that this is not what they specialize in.  I highly recommend this place!  You'll be an addict, like me.Hard to locate bc the awning is from the old restaurant (new signs on the doors are too small to see from far away). Last restaurant on the left when you're looking at the Piazza's big screen stage. 
Spicy sauce was delicious. Had the fresh crawfish. Gatorbites, calamari and fried catfish were way over fried. Don't get the calamari. Fries are seasoned and delicious. 
Beer selection is decent. Wish the keg of Kona Big Wave wasn't kicked but found some other reputable replacements. Also wish that you were given corn cobs for each lb, not every 2lb. Not a bad seat in the house - good HD TVs.C+
This place has a good summery vibe with its outdoor seating. The restaurant is located in a plaza and there are many other restaurants in the plaza to complement its chill and relaxing atmosphere.  
The food however was okay. We ordered the "Make it a Bucket" with shrimp. It comes by the pound and make it a bucket adds 2 pieces of corn and potato and 4 pieces of sausage.
When we ordered the bucket they didn't have anymore corn so they recommended broccoli instead. When it came out, it literally had 2 piece of broccoli... talk about value. :(
Also we asked for spicy and it was not spicy at all. Not sure if it was missing some spice or not, we requested more Cajun spice on the side and mixed it with the bucket ourselves. With the extra spice, the bucket tasted really good. It was really hot so beware when you have your first bite.
Not sure if I will be coming back, but the atmosphere was sure lively!This place is awesome. Their seafood buckets are well worth the money. The seasoning are delicious. The Jose wings are some of the best wings I've ever had. I spent $160 and felt I truly got my monies worth.Extremely disappointed by the poor service and rude bartenders who service this venue. We were ignored for 30 minutes while waiting for a drink despite numerous requests to staff members. The most frustrating part of this was that others were walking in and receiving service almost immediately.I actually really like the crabby cafe. As a resident you get 10% off your bill. They have an excellent beer menu. Offer great deals during the week such as $6 mussel Monday's (my personal fav) or 50 cent wings on Thursdays. They have awesome buffalo shrimp which I pretty much have to get each time I go there. Great for watching sports as well. They're open pretty much always which is another plus. They were one of the only places that were open around me during the blizzard a couple weeks back.Great atmosphere and amazing service.  The signature sauce is to die for and is finger licking good.  My go to dishes are the clams, snow crab legs, mussels, baked potatoes and the sweet potatoes fries as a dessert. 
It can get a little crowded depending on your preference.
Crabby Cafe is highly recommended for any seafood lover. In addition to the delicious food, you're able to wash it all down with a wide selection of craft beers.We live in New Hampshire and eat sea food frequently. This place has amazing sea food. We filled our selves with snow crab and shrimp in a butter garlic sauce.  The steamers were absolutely perfect clean fresh and yummy.  We started off watching a football game on the many high Def  tvs and ordered buffalo wings that were fantastic.  It was a food fest after that. Great service by the bartender Brian. He made sure our drinks were full and we had lots to eat. Definitely will come back to Philadelphia to eat at this awesome Crabby shack.Stopped for a bite to eat and enjoy the beautiful weather.  Brian Walsh was our bartender and he was amazing.  Food service was slow, but he made up for it.  Very knowledgeable about the menu and gave us great tips for ordering.  Brian was very attentive and so nice.  Couldn't have asked for a better bartender.  The wings were amazing and the pho was surprisingly good.  Definitely a repeat