Que comida tan rica !!!!! Todo estaba delicioso . Pedí unas crepas con nutella , un café helado y un postre. Las crepas venían con huevo y fruta . Los mejores huevos que he comido lol. Toda la comida riquísima  . Le pedí la recomendación del postre al dueño ( muy amable por cierto ) al principio me quede como okay pero cuando lo probé  wowww. Lo recomiendo mucho . un negocio muy  limpio y bonito . Sugerencia cierren la puerta porque hace mucho calor :)  .Small, quaint, and delicious.  While they specialize in pastries and home made breads and desserts, that's not really my thing.  But they also make delicious entrees for breakfast, lunch, and dinner...which is my thing!  And the owners are super sweet.  A hidden gem, but not for long.   Get here before everyone finds out about Creme Brûlée!This place is perfect. I was vegan for 2 years and I ate this food and I am going to keep doing it. Thank you!!!!The food is delicious, but the pastries are even more delicious! How could you not like a place that has giant (no really, they're the size of a dessert plate) French macarons? Their delivery time is super fast too.This quaint little bistro is amazing. The couple who owns it are so nice and attentive to their customers. The creme brûlée is amazing. I have had many meals from here, and not one has disappointed.It was ok. We had the opera cake and it was all right. Actually better the day after and the day after that. The meringues were flavorless and tasted like pure sugar.So, so good!  Everything was absolutely delicious, and they were SO nice.  Very, very highly recommended.  It is not a place to miss!  Went for dinner and the owner said that while they currently stay open until 7pm, if you call and make a reservation they will stay open until 10pm (and lucky us that someone had done that, because that's how we were able to wander in and get dinner even though it was late!).  I believe that they expect to regularly have later hours in the future.  Dinner menu was fantastic, not a single complaint.  Can't wait to try it for a weekend brunch!  So thrilled to have this gem added to the community!I love love love this place! I stay home from work one day but was in the mood for something (maybe several things) sweet but in particular it had to be almondy. Don't judge my made up words. 
I literally searched for about 43.5 mins to find a spot that was open, had my almondy something something (not a typo) that I was looking for, AND delivered. Found it! 
I ordered two almond brioches, uh-freaking-mazing BTW! But then I kept adding to cart. Got the macaroons, a cheesecake bar, a coconut bar, a bag of truffles and a bag of almond balls! IKR!
The brioche was everything to satisfy my craving and more. And everything else was just sweet delicious extra-ness.  Not one thing was bad. 
My delivery took a little long so my brioche was cold but yea, if I have time I'll stop in in person one day instead of delivery!Best almond croissants i have ever had. Owners are extremely friendly. This place is a standard part of my weekend routine now!Super excited to have this gem in the area! Stopped in on a Friday morning for a sweet breakfast treat. I was greeted first by the pleasant smell of baked goods, then by the owner who couldn't have been more gracious and friendly! He took time to explain everything that he had to offer. Although I wanted to buy the entire display, I chose an almond brioche which was absolutely amazing, as well as a few others to take home after work!!! Awesome place, Im sure to be a regular!I have now had weekend breakfasts, sampled most of their pastries, and went for dinner with a friend. The food is amazing. Period. This past dinner, had the Quiche Lorraine... which was, without question, the best quiche I have ever tasted... and the salad was delicious. I canot recommend this place enough. So friggin good!The service was really slow. Our server was attentive to the only other table that was seated, but ignored us. We had to ask for wine glasses 3 times before she brought them to our  table. The food was mediocre. My porkchop was overcooked and the brussel sprouts were undercooked. The worst was that there was a piece of the foil wrapper on my plate from the wine they used to make the red wine sauce. I pointed this out to my server and she did nothing to make up for their negligence. I won't be going back.Delicious food and amazing staff!! They are all so wonderful. The dishes come out beautifully prepared. We love this place!! And the pastries are amazing too!!!As a French guy I always look for a good croissant :)
Here you will find the best of Philadelphia !
Each bite brings me closer to france ...Adorable French/Moroccan cafe. Amazing pastries, desserts, bread and well balanced healthy meals too. I had the shakshuka and it was perfectly done, very flavorful sauce and eggs were cooked perfectly. Good place to sit and study. Only complaint is that the bathroom was FREEZING ~ toilet was very unpleasant to sit on. They should stick a space heater or something in there.Cobb salad and quiche were fresh and delicious. They have a multiple selection of desserts which look amazing. Cappuccino and coffee were tasty. The cafe is small and cozy. The waitress was very sweet. The food is well priced. Can't wait to return to try some of those great looking desserts.I wanted to grab a quick coffee and a bite to eat after leaving my friends place one morning. This was near by so I drove on over! I ordered a cappuccino and a chocolate croissant to go. I couldn't pass up the huge macaroons so I got a chocolate one. I also gave in and got the strawberry cake as well. 
Chocolate croissant is prob one of the best I've had in a very long time. Crispy outside and chocolately goodness inside! The cake was so delicious and the macaroon omggg worth the almost four dollars I paid. Cappuccino was nothing to write about. Cute place! Will def. Be back next time I'm in the area :)I highly recommend this place. The breakfast options are delicious! Tasty croissants and macarrons and good coffee.After having brunch at this cozy, friendly, inviting, family run cafe... I've been anticipating coming back for dinner! Recently enjoyed brunch, ordering their creme brûlée cafe omelette, and have been thinking of how to recreate it at home, but probably wouldn't be nearly as good! The cherry tomatoes tasted fresh and were just blistered from the heat and bursting when bitten into. The homefries were tossed with what I believe to be smoked paprika, adding a savory spicy element. The bread was freshly baked in house, and I was pleasantly surprised the jam I requested to accompany my toast was homemade as well, and I don't believe was an additional charge though I would have gladly paid. Enjoyed my chai latte. Was full but how could I resist an apple pastry for dessert? I anticipated only tasting it and bringing the rest home, but my dining companions and I enjoyed it so much we shared it all. Their other pastries looked delicious, as well as the fresh breads for sale all of which were very reasonably priced. Will certainly keep them in mind for any future baked good needs! Excellent & looking forward to going back!We stopped here for a quick dessert - had the chocolate mousse cake, pistachio eclair, pistachio macaron, and of course a crème brulee. The crème brûlée was the best tasting one. I liked the eclair but it could have used more pistachio flavor. My cappuccino was also brewed just right. This is a great little place to stop for a late night dessert.My favorite spot in the neighborhood.  Great espresso drinks, baked goods are incredible and I'm having fun exploring the breakfast/lunch/dinner menu.  The schnitzel club is a favorite, the salads I've had have all been great and I love the kale with shallots and feta side dish.  The staff is also very nice.This place is a gem in this transitional neighborhood! My fiance and I recently tried this place after hearing great things time and time again from other local patrons.  This unassuming restaurant, which seats about 10 patrons, is serving up fresh bread, French pastries and delicious breakfast.  
On the weekends, we've stopped in for breakfast and were surprised to see a full menu of delicious options.  Thus far, we've had the Creme Brulee Omelette, which is a delicious omelette filled with spinach and mushrooms, served with a fresh slice of house made bread (so good) and your choice of breakfast potatoes or mixed greens.  The mixed greens are tossed in a delicious house made dressing, which is perfectly balanced and refreshing.  The waffles are served with fresh berries and sweetened condensed milk and come with a side of scrambled eggs.  While lots of restaurants have waffles on the menu, this place knows how to make a great waffle, which had the slightest hint of sweetness and was perfectly cooked. The french toast is also very good and came paired with scrambled eggs too.  On the weekends they just started making Chai teas, perfectly created and served by the owner's sister in law, a trained barista, who is coming down from NYC on the weekends to help this budding establishment.  
The pastries are also delicious.  We've had the most delicious miniature tart pies and croissants, not to mention the macaroons, which are also house made. Most pastries run about $3.50.  Everything here is just so good!  Also for those who like fresh juice, Armando (the owner) and his team prepare fresh juice daily, ranging in price from $3.00-5.00.   
The owner is also just SO nice and kind.  He eagerly shared his vision for the restaurant and let us know they close in the evening for reservations only, serving fresh fish and mussels in addition to other options.  This place is a must try.Everything I've tried has been amazing, and the entire staff is great. Huge fan of the almond brioche and the pistachio and apricot gallette, but you can't go wrong with their breads and pastries.This is a gem! The pasteries and cakes are so good... And the chocolate mousse cake.....amazing! Also, the almond balls are addictive! I hope folks support them! They are such an asset to the neighborhood!Everything here is amazing, even simple scrambled eggs! You really can't go wrong! Loooooove itHomemade pastries and brunch.
So don't judge a book by its cover applies to this place.  As the owner explained to me they are expanding more downstairs so they currently are a work in progress.
The food however is not a work in progress.  Everything is homemade from the pastries to the macaroons.  
I really can not stress enough how much the food makes up for the rest of the experience.
Give it a try!Super excited to have this gem in the area! Stopped in on a Friday morning for a sweet breakfast treat. I was greeted first by the pleasant smell of baked goods, then by the owner who couldn't have been more gracious and friendly! He took time to explain everything that he had to offer. Although I wanted to buy the entire display, I chose an almond brioche which was absolutely amazing, as well as a few others to take home after work!!! Awesome place, Im sure to be a regular!What a cute place! I saw the reviews and had to check this place out! When I first came in, I noticed how incredibly small it was, so I would recommend anyone who wants to eat here to make reservations ahead of time (just in case). 
The waitress was very pleasant and attentive. The ambiance was also very homey. There was music playing in the background and a bunch of yummy pastries that stared at you. It was just a very comfortable feeling. 
The food took a little while to come out, about 30-45 minute wait and there was only one couple in the cafe, but once it came out, it looked so amazing! Honestly, it was worth the wait. It was garnished beautifully and everything on the plate was placed in such a place that complimented everything! I got the chicken that was served over mashed potatoes. Everything to it was so well thought out. The chicken was seasoned and flavored so tastefully and was very tender!
I also was dying to have a bite of the creme brûlée... which was amazing! So creamy and perfectly burnt the sugar on top. It was just enough to top off the meal. 
I haven't had a great meal like that in a while and would like to applaud this place! Whenever I'm in the area I'm definitely going to try out a new pasty this place has to offer.My boyfriend and I went there this morning for breakfast. I had the omelet and my boyfriend had the sausage and eggs dish. Both were delicious. We also got pasteries to go- which we just ate after dinner and they were amazing! Family run business and delicious! They said they are going to expand their menu as well! Great add to the neighborhood!Wow, I love this place. The owners are kind and gracious and most importantly they know how to bake delicious breads and pastries. The coffee, sandwiches and hot food are excellent too. This place will definitely become a neighborhood fixture!The sabich (soft-boiled eggs with fried eggplant) is an obsession--the sandwich strikes a delicate balance between light texture (fresh cabbage dressings) and rich flavors (hummus slathered with a fiery harissa).  Combined with their bright French onion soup (even better bread and cheese!), the pairing is a perfect lunchtime reprieve.  The small, but positive space demands repeat visits, especially for the revolving French pastries and viennoiserie at the counter.Armando and his brothers are true artisans. The pastries are reminiscent of our morning on Rue Cler. The service is impeccable. I had a latte, Nutella crepe, and perfectly done scrambled eggs. We are looking forward to our next visit.It's a hidden gem and I kinda don't want the word to spread because I like keeping secrets. However, it would be unfair to the world - ok, at least South Philly - to not share how amazing this place is. Hands down the best croissant I've ever had. Chocolate croissant even better. Almond chocolate croissant, yes please! Coffee specials are great. As far as the food menu, I love their sandwiches and fries. It's a little odd to be able to order food from a place I consider a bakery first and foremost but it's all delicious! You can call ahead and order out too. Lastly, the service has always been super friendly and they take their time explaining what each dessert is (because everything looks so pretty you get caught up and lose track of what you want). Obviously, I love this place.This place would be a winner in any neighborhood. I go most Saturday mornings for an espresso, fresh squeezed OJ,  and to pick up a loaf of their bacon gruyere bread! The staff is informative and kind.Decided to try this place for the first time today. I only live a block away but never made my way down there. I deeply regret this fact. It's amazing. Got an iced latte and a chocolate almond croissant. The latte was really good and creamy. The croissant? It was heavenly. When you walk in, you can smell that they make their pastries there. Such an awesome place. Will definitely be coming back for more croissants.I stopped here based on the many 5 star reviews.   I have to say that the desserts and latte would rate them 5 stars but the lunch here was disappointing and would rate only 3.  
For dessert I had a pistachio eclair.  They had vanilla and chocolate as well but I went for the usual.   This was very good with a flavorful pistachio cream.  With that I took home the opera cake, the trio, and the Chambord and split the with family at night.  All great!   The cordato and the latte were perfect.
Lunch entrees were not as impressive, especially the croque monsieur.  This was just melted cheese on two slices of bread that could not be cut with a knife with a slab of deli ham in between and lettuce?   Very odd.  The only saving grace was the quality of the bread.
Service was OK.
This place is not handicapped accessible. Restroom is smallish with a very low commode.This place has incredible pastries. The super-friendly owner/chef, Armando, has serious talent, and you can tell that he's only working with fresh ingredients. Every item I've tried has been spot-on, clearly made from scratch. Even his juices are fresh squeezed. The mixed nut danishes are irresistible, even for someone like me who doesn't really like sweets. He told me his brothers will be joining him soon to add fresh bread and bistro fare to the shop. I think this place is going to become more than just a great local spot. I highly recommend trying it now before there's a line out the door.After much anticipation from seeing the "Coming Soon" sign countless of times previously and giving it some duration to see what this place has to offer... I finally decided to stop by. I'll also blame Yelp as well for this! 
Lovely showcase of pastries. French inspired. I try to contain myself to not order one of each and every item. I tend to get overboard when it comes to sweets that are alluring to the eyes. So I made 6 selections to start. I enjoyed the macaron which were priced at $3.25 a piece and thought that was fair since they were literally the size of my hand. 
Must I say the owner, Armando, was sooo nice. He gave me a little background of his vision and informed me what else Creme Brûlée served. Which includes breakfast/brunch, lunch, and dinner. Breads and goods are made fresh daily. Mark my words, I'll be back! 
This is the greatest new addition to the neighborhood and must try.Super excited to have this gem in the area! Stopped in on a Friday morning for a sweet breakfast treat. I was greeted first by the pleasant smell of baked goods, then by the owner who couldn't have been more gracious and friendly! He took time to explain everything that he had to offer. Although I wanted to buy the entire display, I chose an almond brioche which was absolutely amazing, as well as a few others to take home after work!!! Awesome place, Im sure to be a regular!This place is an absolute gem. Friendly people who excel at making tarts and pastries. The berry tart and the oversized macaroons in particular were amazing. Highly recommended.Let me start by saying that their food is 5-star and I would have given them 5 stars had we just gotten food. The food is AMAZING. Armando, the chef and I believe owner, is wonderful. He even gave us a run down of the pastries and desserts which look amazing in the case. I could only give this place 3 stars because for dessert we ordered the Creme Brûlée. I mean that is the name of the restaurant and I actually came for this dessert specifically. When the Creme Brûlée came to the table, the top which is supposed to be BRULEE'd, meaning a hard top just torched was a liquid syrup, literally. So they serve it right out of the case and it appears that they brûlée it a day or even days before. You absolutely cannot serve Creme Brûlée without the top coat of sugar being hard. It was literally a brown syrup. We sent it back and the server seemed to torch the syrup on top that had already been previously brulee'd. THEN, he put salt all over the top, it was GROSS and the top was a charcoal black all over. I was so disappointed and it was really really bad. The sad thing is, is that the custard/ creme was yummy but it doesn't matter if you can't brûlée the top properly. There is an easy fix, torch the custard per order, it should not be sitting in the case already brulee'd getting soft. The server tried to explain to us that the refrigerator case softens the top and that the temperature was the reason why it doesn't come out right. If you name your restaurant Creme Brûlée, you have to do Creme Brûlée right. If I had just come for that desert, I would never have come back. Luckily we had the delicious food and we know their food is top notch. I hope they fix the Creme Brûlée situation.Food was very good! Service was fairly decent, no complaints and nothing over the top. I enjoy having new places in the neighborhood like this showing up and being great options to eat.Super excited to have this gem in the area! Stopped in on a Friday morning for a sweet breakfast treat. I was greeted first by the pleasant smell of baked goods, then by the owner who couldn't have been more gracious and friendly! He took time to explain everything that he had to offer. Although I wanted to buy the entire display, I chose an almond brioche which was absolutely amazing, as well as a few others to take home after work!!! Awesome place, Im sure to be a regular!Super delicious food, wonderful host, good prices.
Creme Brulee opened up recently in our neighborhood. Due to my sweet tooth tendencies, thanks to my Middle Eastern background, we've visited Creme Brulee a few times for takeout pastries and cookies. One word about the sweets: ADDICTIVE! 
Today we tried their brunch for the first time. The food was magnificent. We had the shakshouka and the Creme Brulee omelet. They both we very delicious. The shakshouka is very authentic, and Armando took the omelet to another level.
And speaking of Armando, he is a wonderful host. You can't go wrong with Creme Brulee's food or sweets.So happy this place opened up. I frequent this cafe for pastries and breads. Their selection is generous & super fresh! Tried brunch there this morning, to go, & the food was piping hot and tasty! 
Glad to see such high reviews for this jem.What a find! The food is outstanding. Friendly atmosphere with a great selection of authentic french cuisine.
Only downside is I wasn't sure it was open, the windows are dark. Try the door; they're open everyday but TuesdayWas visiting Philadelphia for the first time for a weekend and happened to run into this place. Very warm and cozy. Went there for Sunday brunch and boy I couldn't walk after that. The best thing to try are the croissants, hands down. Loved the spinach croissant the most. The service was very good. Also, the place was full of tons of regular customers it seemed. Was definitely worth the visit.As good as it gets! Casual atmosphere and accessible pricing for incredibly delicious food! I had the Tunisian Sandwich with fries, my friend had the Croque Monsieur with greens, and we both had coffee. Have previously grabbed almond tarts on the way to a potluck brunch, and am counting down to my next visit.
From the service to the menu to the presentation and of course the amazing taste, it's exceedingly clear that the owner and employees take immense pride in their work. Go anytime, order anything - you will not be disappointed!I have visited this cafe 4 times.  The first time for just coffee and as noted by other reviewers, the service was kinda slow considering I was the only customer.  The second time I picked up some pastries and they were delicious.  The chocolate croissant being the only disappointment, dry and very little chocolate. The third visit I picked up a sandwich, coffee and treats.  Thirty minutes.  I waited 30 minutes for my order.  It was a cold sandwich and salad.  Delicious though they were.  I went there today for my 4th and final trip.  I went for a sandwich and tea.  Tea is fine, but no sandwich because the only sandwich being served was a grilled ham and cheese.  So no thanks just the tea.  Nope because they won't take a card for just a drink.  Many of their coffee/tea drinks are under $5 which was their card minimum.  FYI Visa states merchants aren't allowed to have a minimum so when customers go along with it, its a gift. I was then told by the very unenthusiastic counter person that I "had" to order something else.  No, I don't.  I was offered the opportunity to buy a water with my chai.  No, thanks. I came for a sandwich which was not available. Which is their option.  But my to-go chai was placed on the counter with no lid and rudely told she would make an exception "this time" re payment. And that was only when I argued that my other option was to take nothing.  So diner beware, They do not always accept cards,  (During my 2nd visit the system was down). And you can't get a sandwich after 4pm or on weekends anytime.  So while the food was delicious, it comes with restrictions.Got takeout sweet potato fries and they were burnt and inedible. I mean burnt to a crisp and black. Who would even send out inedible/ completely burnt food to a customer?? Sometimes you really should listen to reviews- a previous customer had this same complaint. 
Waffle brunch was not worth the money. Will not order from here again.The french baguettes are AMAZING!!! We get them fresh out of the oven on Sunday mornings. So glad to have this spot in our neighborhoodI often visit this hidden gem while I'm getting my car washed across the street. The food is absolutely delicious! I also enjoy the coziness of this small place. It's very relaxing.We were so excited to hear that a bakery/coffee shop opened in our area that we probably would have liked anything decent. But Creme Brûlée is not just decent -- it's a gem with excellent pastries, the friendliest owner, Armando, and low prices. The muffins ($1 each) are soft, tasty and filled with whatever you like (in our case, chocolate chips), the almond brioche was both moist and flaky and the sample of chocolate walnut pistachio cookie and pumpkin muffin show the pastry skills behind this little corner cafe. My husband's review : buttery, flaky, fantastic. 
Coming soon -- healthy options. For now, he offers a few salad/sandwich options for $8.
Locals and non-locals, please "shop small" and support this Indy business.Great food and location! 
Must try it. 
A bit pricey but worth it. 
Would recommend it!
Kee up the good service and food.We were early for the Night Market in Pennsport tonight, so we walked around the surrounding neighborhood hoping to find some place for coffee.  Well, we found it and more--the nicest little patisserie where everything is made from scratch.  We had delicious iced coffee and at the owner, Armando's, recommendation we tried the mixed nut danish.  And, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever actually had a homemade danish before--no resemblance whatsoever to the usual variety--this one was almost like a croissant in texture  After tasting one of his butter cookies, we each took home a bag.   I wish Armando loads of success.  Delicious pastry and low prices----I wish I lived a lot closer!Had a really nice brunch at this neighborhood spot this morning. Food was solid, coffee was great, pastries are beautiful and all made in house. Happy to support this lovely family business! Can't wait to come and try their dinner menu.Fast delivery and friendly service. I had the house omelet with home fries and a green juice. Everything was delicious. I was worried the eggs might be cold or rubbery from sitting in the container but it was perfect. The home fries have a little heat to them.Very small pastry shoppe with a couple of tables. Limited street parking but wasn't a problem.
There is definitely some attention and complexity to flavor in their lattes and desserts.  They have a lot of pistachio flavored treats that were quite good. The macaroon was soft and shell well-made but not robustly flavorful such that I would know what flavor it was. I was disappointed they didn't offer more creme brulee featured desserts after their namesake.  It is unfortunate that store is so small with only a handful of tables; I wanted to sample the different things I had purchased from the display and drink my coffee but felt rushed out of the store by the staff because of a couple looking for table who may want to order plated food over just the assortment I had purchased.What an amazing cafe!! Feels like Paris!  Everything is delicious!! The pastries are beautiful and scrumptious- the breads are out of this world! The staff is friendly and knowledgeable!! My favorite spot in Philly!!There's nothing bad about this restaurant or its food. Go there, get takeout, do both... every meal. We visit and get takeout twice a week. 
**takeout pizza is amazingJust stopped by this new bakery and ordered two items, the chocolate mousse tart and the tiramisu. The chocolate mousse was really delicious!! I didn't have the highest of hopes when I went in because I think it's hard to make good French desserts but was really happily surprised! Absolutely delicious and I will definitely be back for special events (or a casual treat!). The tiramisu was yummy but not as good as the chocolate mousse cake. The owner was very nice and I look forward to returning!A must try! They also deliver which is awesome because it's fast and delicious! Plus a free delivery fee is hard to come by anymore and it's greatly appreciated and I try to reflect that in my tip! Super good food and great portionsIt has been years since I've had a good napoleon- it was obviously fresh, the puff pastry was still crisp and the pastry cream/diplomat cream were smooth and rich. A little messy to eat but that's ok...I've been to several well reviewed restaurants in the past few months but this is the first one where everything was outstanding and I would go back in an instant. I am in a wheelchair and there were two large steps at the entrance but three men came out of the kitchen and lifted me in. Everything I tasted was outstanding from the bread and butter to the greens on the side of the entree. They even had freshly squeezed orange juice. I had the Spanish trout, which was the best prepared fish I have had in a long time. It comes with one side and I had mashed polenta which was the best polenta I have ever had. I am anxious to try the other side dishes. I had part of a friend's mashed potatoes which were great. You can order four side dishes for sixteen dollars and this might be a good option. My friends had beef bourguignon and salmon which looked equally good to my trout. The place although tiny is a bakery as well and they look to have like forty desserts and they all looked of the highest quality. I had tiramisu and I would love to try some of the others. The waitress was as good as the food. This is definitely a place I will come back to.new to the neighborhood - i came to find coffee and ended up staying for lunch. the girl at the counter was friendly and sweet. 
the menu has a lot of options - and the food portions are huge. reasonably priced for the amount of food you get ! 
i'll be back.Every time I eat here I'm surprised at how delicious it is. I've gone for breakfast, dinner and dessert and everything is meticulously well made. I can suggest the quiche, Cobb salad and I always end with the creme brûlée. Don't miss out!Great little local spot, we popped in as a largish group of 5. They were able to accommodate us easily even though there isn't much seating inside.
We started off with massive coffees which were delicious and even better when we dipped out croissants in them. Now the pasties, this is their wheelhouse- the croissants and donuts where so delicious and light. 
The berry French toast was amazing as was everything else on their menu.I stopped here with a friend for dessert and coffee and was surprised to see the takeout business that they do here. I was not aware that they did more than dessert here and was pleasantly surprised to see really delicious entrees being delivered to tables as well as being wrapped up to go. I will definitely be back for dinner. Dessert was great also we split a tiramisu and a lemon square..both were delicious and reason enough to return. Great little spot on a quiet corner in South Philly - it's still a bit of a sleeper so go sooner than later
Went again and had chocolate Mousse. Did not disappoint!Super cute place! I ordered a vegetarian sandwich and I was shocked by how good it was.  Most of the other sandwiches sounded really good and the bread was delicious.  The coffee was also very good.  It was very convenient for me because I live in the area. It's a small place, but the food is worth it!We love this little neighborhood gem. I always get a combination of sides which are all so delicious. Great for vegans and vegetarians and they will alter your order as requested. 
The veggie burger is good but sometimes lacks a little flavor. My favorite is the roasted cauliflower side and the mashed potatoes.If you need to just get away have a nice elegant cup of coffee in a real mug and one of the fluffiest lightest pastries that you can imagine and just relax for a few minutes this is the place for you. Go during the off hours I have seen lines. I had the croque misseur which I did find to be a bit salty but that could just be my personal taste. Everything else I really loved and I would recommend this place to anyone. It did seem a bit pricey but if you just need a nice quiet moment I think this is the place for you. Also if you're on your way to work and need a cuppa coffee and a Danish it's also the place for you.  They also have very quick delivery through Grubhub. Their baguettes are wonderful. And their multi grain baguette's are even more wonderfulBest creme brulee I've had. I tried the blueberry cheesecake as well but did not like it.If you are looking for French pastries no need to go anywhere else. This place rocks. If you didn't know you would think you are in Paris. Delicate, elegant and so tasty! Prices are actually good for the quality you are getting.
Croissants and brioche are divine!This was my second time visiting, but first time eating at this spot. I had tried to pop in during the summer, but due to size there was a long wait. I stopped today for lunch and had no problem finding a seat. The restaurant itself is tiny, but very cute and cozy. They serve strong coffee and a great brunch. I had the shakshuka. The eggs were more done in the middle than a normal poach, but that's how I prefer it. My friend had the Creme Brûlée Omelette, which also looked great. I would definitely go back again and consider grabbing something from the bakery cabinet as everything looked fantastic!So so scrumptious! I got the Opera cake, a pistachio cream puff, & this other caramel layer cake (can't remember the name) and loved all three. Excited to try more!Went there to celebrate my sister's bday for dinner! Definitely a small space but we reserved our seats ahead of time and 8 people was definitely the max comfortable limit to have at our tables! 
While we waited for our orders, we demolished the bread and truffle butter. Very soft inside with a hard outer and flavored with oil. I ordered the New England Seafood Pasta and it was good. Had more cheese than expected and the shrimps could've been a bit softer. Tasted my sister's pork chop and it was beefy in flavor and the mash potatoes were deliciously slightly lumpy and smooth. Then we had a lemon tart and I just wanted a whole bowl of its custard after finishing it.
Definitely going to check the place out during an earlier time for it's bread and pastries!Not sure why anyone would give this Cafe a bad review. It's a small neighborhood place that is fantastic! French onion soup to the burger and fries are all amazing, quick friendly service too, my husband and I do take out alot and its always fantastic and quick!This is our go to place for a nice dessert after dinner. They have great hours and we can get a nice sized Creme Brulee for $3.Came all the way here for Creme Brulee. The custard tasted like a boxed dessert made weeks in advance. Couldn't get past the first spoon.To start- This place is on par with "The Dutch" but still offers it's own personality and style. A thoughtful menu, decadent desserts, and weekly specials keep me coming back. I've been to Creme Brulee for Breakfast, lunch, and dinner and each time was a 5 star experience.  The owner certainly takes pride in each dish that is served- whether it is a fruit platter or the entree at dinner, he makes sure that the quality and standard are consistent and delicious. 
Just go and try it for yourself!!!