Went here for lunch during the week. It was packed and busy! I ordered the shrimp noodles and found it pretty bland. I didn't enjoy it too much. I wouldn't mind giving it another try though.Customize your meal on a tablet.  You select the salad or bowl ingredients individually and the staff assembles your order. The food wast tasty and relatively reasonably priced. Most customers seemed to take their food away, the seating is relatively limited during the lunch rush.The space
On the positive side, large, open layout so you don't have to jostle among people while you wait for food
On the negative side, they have very few tables so eating in is rarely an option and I feel like they've done poor use of the enormous space
The ordering
Very similar to Wawa, honeygrow, etc., Weirdly, when I picked a special and customized it, removing the chicken ($2.25) took off only ($1.45) from the price but when I added tofu, they added it at full price ($1.85) so the pricing is definitely odd
Pricing wise, it is on par with most center City lunch spots
Food
They screwed up my order. My order clearly said that I was removing the chicken from the special and replacing it with tofu. But they made it straight up like the special and didn't apply any customization
Taste was meh. There was barely any coconut flavor in my coconut chicken special and the cilantro had no flavor. It was full of edamame which was good at first but felt like it was way too much and not enough of the other good stuff
Personally, I wouldn't go back coz they screwed up my order and the taste wasn't a whole lot good eitherThe food is good but the hours posted in here and on their door aren't accurate. They seem to close at five on Sundays and six on Saturdays or maybe they close whenever it's not busy but the hours on the door are all wrong. I'd like to know their actual hours because on a few occasions we've gone over to get stirfry and they've been closedA great place to grab a fresh, healthy, on-the-go-meal. I was surprised that I prefer the salad to the stir fry, since I'd have suspected the opposite. The staff is very friendly and accommodating, as is the management. A welcome addition to the neighborhood.Great option that is similar to honeygrow with a different twist. The monitors that you place your order on allow you to choose from existing options or create custom orders. You can overspend easily here, as certain ingredients cost more and adding dessert increases the bill. I enjoyed my first trip here and I want to come back to try other options.I ordered the CK italian salad. Comes with chickpeas, mozzarella, peppadew peppers, tomato, red onion, and chicken. They were "out of tomatoes" and i'm sitting here eating my salad with no chicken. They forgot the chicken :(I was looking forward to a sub for Honeygrow (little bit of a walk from my office) which I LOVE.  I loved that there were many more kiosks available than HG.  However, I've been here twice now and both times there have been mistakes in my salad orders.  Two of my coworkers also had mistakes in their orderS.    Hopefully this is attributed to them being brand new but I think I'll make trek over to HG from now onGreat location, good tasting food and nice staff, but unfortunately they cannot get orders right. I've ordered a custom salad 3 times now, and after returning back to my office, realize ingredients (that I paid extra for) are missing. Seems I'm not the only customer having this issue. For a $12 salad, this is unacceptable. Unfortunately I will not be returning until Crisp Kitchen improves their processes and train their staff appropriately.Food is great as long as they have your order right. They are often adding things to my
Salad that I have requested to be removed and that is pretty annoying. I would suggest looking at your salad before leaving the storeThe spicy noodles were way too spicy for my liking, overkill of black pepper. I did however give this place a second try and had the mango sauce instead of the spicy with the noodles, with veggies and I enjoyed that far more. The concept is great. I would eat here again. Just won't get the spicy sauce again.This Honeygrow knock-off continues to disappoint. This is the second time they left off salad-items (sweet potato, prev quinoa) that I paid extra for! Also, they skimped on all the other options. $10 for a 92% leafy salad is not worth it. Plus, the dressing I wanted on the side was put on the salad. I saw an employee cough on the food while on the salad assembly line. One of the worst new fast casual experiences. 
Verdict: Avoid. Bad service, pricey, and insanitary. 
Update: I found exactly 1 small piece of sweet potato. Jk its a random stray carrot.Not vegetarian friendly!  I ordered a create your own stir fry with tofu.  I got what I ordered, plus chicken.  My assumption is that everything is cooked in the same wok, which can and usually does result in cross contamination.  Would not recommend.As you can see From my receipt, I ordered the Shrimp stir fry, no extra protein. Why is there Beef in my meal. There are barely any Shrimp in this. I'm sticking with HONEY GROW. They get the orders right.I've had the stir fry here a few times and today I also had the frozen yogurt with my meal. I've been happy with the food and service here each visit. My only complaint is the cartons they put the stir frys in are very cheap and thin. When I went here yesterday, the sauce had leaked through the carton and through the bag. Luckily, I didn't have to walk far, but I had to transfer the food I couldn't finish into a new container.What's the point of modifying an order when your staff is going to make what ever flows their choice.  Skip this place. Head to sweetgreens, just salad or honeygrow.I got the Spicy Garlic Stir Fry.   First, the layout of the store is great.  They have several ordering stations so a pretty good option during the busy lunch hour.  Overall, the sauce was pretty good but definitely not worth $8.  They literally give you two or three pieces of chicken, handful of vegetables and rest of the dish is all noodles.   If you're going to check out this place, perhaps go with the salad or frozen yogurt option.Good for a quick, lunch break. Average. Not good or bad. Friendly staff and love the option to put sriracha or to choose chopsticks over forks.In the past, I didn't love the way the chicken tasted and thought the veggies could be fresher.  I had not gone in awhile and got lazy. Decided to walk across street instead of the similar place a few blocks away.  I should've walked. The chicken still isn't the best. Someone went way overboard with the spiciness of the coconut curry sauce - my mouth is burning. My food took forever and sat on the counter finished for way too long before someone even noticed it.  Quality control would make this place so much better.I need more stars this food is sick!  I double dare you to not go back two days in a row.
The vegetables are fresh, the sauces are flavorful and the customer service is on superb. For you tofu lovers like myself, they have the tastiest in town.  A very fine addition to the Center City fast casual restaurant scene.If they can get your order right, this place is decent. Food generally fresh and tasty. 
Decided to give this place another try (see previous review) and just came back to my office to see they've left ingredients off my salad. AGAIN. And more often than not, it's the pricey extras I paid for. At this point, I can only assume it's a scam and the cooking staff are instructed to leave off ingredients by management. How else can this be excused. As you can see from other reviews, this isn't just an isolated incident. 
There are so many equally as good, CONSISTENT locations in CC. Don't waste your time or $$ here.I love crisp and I always enjoy the stir fry that I get. The only thing I dislike is the fact that there is visibly hair in my food whenever I go to any location. It's really disgusting. Other than that, the stir fry is delicious!The food was overall pretty good, the wings were soggy and a little flavorless but the chicken sandwich was very good, as well as the stir fry my friend got. However, the employees were rude and kinda creepy. Most didn't seem fit to have a job and the girl behind the counter was super disrespectful and just seemed pissed off. I'd consider going back to try something else. Oh and also there's only one sandwich option and it's uncustomizable, I couldn't just get it with no tomato, and the sandwich looked nothing like the ads, but it's fine.I have tried Crisp Kitchen twice now (same location) and had a decently good experience. It is the same concept as Honeygrow in that their main items for you to order are salads or stir fry. Both times, I have had salad. 
My first experience in-store was better than my take out experience that I ordered online. The salad portion looked bigger when you ate at the restaurant rather than left with it. The first time, I did the Cobb salad and changed up a few items and the second time, I did a build your own. 
With the take away salad, I felt like it was mainly lettuce and just a little bit of the toppings I requested. It also was not stirred around very well which would not normally be annoying but the container was pretty stuffed with lettuce (a good thing) so when I went to shake in my dressing, it stayed on top of my salad and everything at the bottom was dry. 
My dressing of choice at all these types of fast-casual salad restaurants is White Balsamic. If you are used to the Honeygrow White Balsamic and like its tartness, you probably won't like this one as much. The white balsamic here was good, but was very sweet and almost tasted like it had a decent amount of sugar added to it. 
All in all, not a bad experience and would recommend giving it a try! The girl who checked me out was very friendly and my take out order was ready on time. I would probably recommend eating in-store to get your money's worth but avoid the 12-1 time slot. It is really crowded!Really nice staff and tasty salad! Clean restaurant and easy, customizable ordering makes this a perfect spot for a quick lunch/dinner. Preparation was efficient. 
You chose from a variety of salads and stir-frys. I would love to see a larger variety of options.Such a sad beginning to lead to a sad ending! I visited Crisp Kitchen hoping to check out their froyo. The choices in flavor were nonexistent. Vanilla or chocolate, throwback to the days before frozen yogurt was hip. So okay, I said let's see what they have for toppings. Again I was disappointed to find out that there were limited toppings. Although supposedly free there was actually a 69 cent surcharge for pineapple! I went with craisins and mangoes, served with a swirl of "both flavors". The total with tax was $3.99. I was handed a yogurt cup that was filled with quickly melting yogurt. With a few steps outside the store, the melt turned into a sloppy mess. I had sticky icky pants yogurt on my hands in no time. It was not an enjoyable feeling at all.While it is a hefty portion, it is a bit expensive for a grab and go food. I also felt like they didn't have as many options as their competitors (honeygrow, sweetgreen, etc). All in all, pretty good!Crisp Kitchen is the latest addition to Philadelphia's fresh salad scene, with stir fry and frozen yogurt options as well. The space is large with a number of ordering stations on both sides of the kitchen. It's easy to pick a pre-set option, customize it, and pay - I was able to easily make changes to my salad and appreciated how clearly the system indicated how each removal or addition impacted my total price.
The Crisp Cobb was good with fresh, ripe ingredients. My added focaccia bread was a little dry for my taste, but that might have been due to a visit on a slower weekend. Overall, Crisp Kitchen is a nice healthy option to check out!Tasteless food with and expensive tag
They didn't even have salt n their dishes. I would not recommend this place until they can fix it. One star for the food and loud ambienceI am giving this restaurant four stars, only because of a minor detail, otherwise, it would have received five stars. 
I have heard of this restaurant before, but never knew where it was located, and I usually bring my own Lunch into work, so I never try new places.
I decided to give this place a try (using Ritual) and realized that their restaurant is directly across the street from where I work! (Convenient!)
I ordered a Create-Your-Own Stir Fry. I got chicken, pineapple, roasted cashews, brown rice, roasted broccoli, sweet potatoes, and asked for the sesame garlic sauce. I also requested the garlic herb focaccia bread on the side. 
When I walked into the store, it was a LOT larger than I imagined it to be. There were plenty of tables to eat, as well as the stations where the workers create your meals were very large! It was also very convenient that they had a rack in the middle of the store where the pick up orders were located. I saw my name, grabbed a fork located in the back, and went on my way. 
As for the meal itself, it was delicious! It was warm, I loved the sauce (it had a hint of spice which is perfect cuz I hate anything spicy). The portions are very large, I only ate half of the bowl and I'm already full and put it away at work. 
The only reason I am giving this location four stars instead of five is because I never received the bread I requested on the side. Unless it's supposed to be chopped into my stir fry and I didn't realize?? But there was no bread in my bowl. Perhaps there was a small bag on the side of my bowl I needed to pick up which contained my bread? I don't know, it's annoying because I paid an extra $0.89 for that, and while that's not a lot of money, I don't want to be paying something for nothing.Love this place. I've read complains about the price but I think you get plenty for what you pay.  I'm most impressed at how clean this place is and how fast the workers are.  Even the manager helps out which is a plus.I just went to your location in Philadelphia at 19th and Market, for the first time, and ordered the Stir Fry Plum Hoisin.  Imagine my surprise when, finally sitting down at my desk delighted to eat my stir fry, I notice that the beef which is supposed to be included in the dish is nowhere to be found.  I note that a prior reviewer who had the same dish had noted that the beef was minimal.  It seems you seem to be taking minimal to levels not yet seen before.  
While I could understand how a minor ingredient such a sesame seeds may have been forgotten, it's hard to imagine how a major component such as the sole protein source could be completed left out.  
I would like to be able to say that I would be a repeat customer, but I'm not sure my protein-less body could stomach a walk over to get another incorrect meal.  I hope corrections could be made so that future patrons would not be deprived in the way that I have been today.  In the absence of that, I would advise folks who like to receive what they order to stay away.The staff at this location simply can not read the orders.  I customized a noodle dish and they left off half of the freaking ingredients.  Sadly, I had walked all the way to my office and could not return to get my money back.  The taste of the food was good would have been better if they actually read my order when it was being made.3 or 3.5 stars. As a rule of kindness I always round up for a new restaurant because the first month or so is a learning process. 
I was in a rush and was able to order and pick up my customized stir fry noodles in under 10 minutes and for just $9. 
I chose the egg noodles with hoisin sauce, mushroom, spinach, beef, sesame seeds, and garlic.
The flavor was good and the veggies were cooked well; however, the noodles were on the softer side and protein was minimal.
Really, for $9 I am not going to complain. It was cooked fresh, tasted good, and was way healthier than bad takeout (you know what I'm referring to).I would probably frequent this place again for a lunch break as the ingredients are incredibly fresh. I selected the vegan salad option (not because I'm vegan but because it had the most appetizing combination of ingredients to me - I was eyeing that grapefruit ginger dressing specifically) and it was a good choice. Portion size was good - came in a large bowl and I probably could have split into two meals had I chosen to add protein. However, I do think the service here could up its game - I'm not a huge stickler on specifics but considering this is a vegan salad, it's probably not a good thing if pieces of bacon someone ends up in it (although I wasn't going to complain). They also put my dressing in the salad instead of on the side (which usually I would have minded more had it not been such a light dressing). The dressing was what won me over - I really liked the fruity and slight hint of spice from the ginger...I felt so healthy eating my salad.
My manager got a stir fry bowl with rice and she was a bit disappointed...I would say don't go for the rice because it seems to be way over cooked. She usually does like what she gets here but this was the one time she was disappointed.The food is good but the workers are very bad. They always lock the doors before closing time so that customers don't come in. This is the second time that I come in and order a bowl and after I pay and am ready to leave they tell me that they have no naan because they turned off the machine (keep in mind it's 30 minutes before closing time). 
Just got home and didn't even get my bread that came with it!Great food. Quick service and greeeeen! Menu is interesting, affordably prices and well cooked.It's your standard fare quick stir fry place, if such a thing existed before them.  If not, standard fare stir fry places officially exist now and this is one.
So on to the meat and potatoes.
The staff is friendly and responsive, even going so far as to give me something that the menu said they had run out of but they had one unsold.  That to me says that they have good situational awareness and they care about their customers.
I saw that there was at least one negative comment about the addition of General Crisps chicken.
Frankly I'm not in agreement.  It's a pretty standard version of the dish, and if anyone had ever had what it's based on before I don't think they would want sliced chicken strips substituted for the deep fried chicken soaked in sauce that it is supposed to be and in fact is.
The fact that it is almost always sold out either indicates that it is incredibly popular and so the negative review should be ignored, or that they have taken that review too seriously and so don't order as much per scheduled delivery as they really should.
To that effect I would suggest that whomever is managing the daily orders should perhaps take stock of how many General Crisps actually sell and how quickly and order more of the ingredients, as my only complaint so far has been that when I have gone the past few times it has been sold out.
Keeping stocked with what sells fastest is just good business.Crisp Kitchen is deeply fine. The chicken sandwiches are the best thing they serve at a good price point so I recommend getting that. The noodle and salad bowls are hit or miss and the interior is a bit sterile in there. I imagine many of the folks going there are, like myself, employees in the building so the convenience feature can't be beat but overall I wouldn't rush to go here.Really solid lunch option! The space is large and sunny which makes it feel less crowded then it is. You order on a touch screen then wait for your number to be called. During the lunch rush the wait for your food is still less then 10 minutes. 
I went twice last week for lunch and enjoyed both items I tried, a beef stir fry with spinach base (love that there is a spinach option rather then noodles) and the Cobb salad. I've been dreaming since the Cobb salad ever since! Yum! The portion sizes are large as well. Can't wait to go back to have it again.
The staff were all beyond friendly and the restaurant feels clean. My one critique would be that there aren't really any unique salad ingredients. Just the standards so I hope they branch out a bit with more seasonal items.The food is okay. A little over priced for Salads. After my recent experience, I will no be coming here for my lunch. I walked in the facility today and I was immediately greeted by a sick child running around the store. She was the child of someone working behind  and serving food. The child was grabbing me, jumping on me, and screaming at me. The mother didn't even apologize. She just corrected her child and went back to serving food, even after touching and handling her child who clearly had a bad cold. Do not bring your sick child to a place that serves food.Crisp Kitchen is a quick and easy lunch spot that has great customizable options and something for everyone in your group.
My personal favorite is the chicken sandwich which is a great Chick Fil A alternative! Pair it with their sweet potato waffle fries and you're set. I also love their fancy soda machine!
Check your orders before you leave - there have been times where something was left off like extra shrimp! They're quick to fix it.Similar to HoneyGrow, SweetGreen and other quick service salad/bowl joints. My basic Cobb was around $12 and tasted fine. I may be back.The service is BAD!!!! Food Poisoning and manager never managed to call me back to give me a refund at least. The girl at the register asked me if I wanted to donate money to a charitable fund she started in her own??? More like her shopping spree!First time here by way of the Ritual app and it's $5 first time credit for this location that I've walked past a hundred times but never knew what it was. I ended up going with the fiery garlic sriracha stir fry but subbing the curry sauce and it was pretty awesome! They were really friendly in store and I'll be back!Great food. Quick service and greeeeen! Menu is interesting, affordably prices and well cooked. Healthy. Worth a visit.This was really inedible.  I got a "create your own" stir fry with noodles, chicken, some veggies, and the sesame garlic sauce. The noodles were all stuck together and the chicken literally made me gag.  How you can go that wrong with something as easy as stir fry is beyond me.  I will certainly not be ordering from here ever again.Great food. Quick service and greeeeen! Menu is interesting, affordably prices and well cooked. Healthy.I stick with the salads here, although a coworker gets the stir fry and likes it.  The Cobb Salad (I make a few changes to it using the touch screen ordering sustem) is a bit steep ($12 when I get through with it.) but the portion is immense and I can eat some at 3 or 4 PM if I get hungry again that day.  It will not keep well the next day.
The staff is underpaid and disinterested which I fear will cause long term service issues.  The 2 guys at the wok - working very hard - were clearly ticked off about something.  Then, the oven started to smoke.
Crispy-drama at lunch.Failure on all levels. I visited Crisp for lunch and while I try to say something nice about all restaurants, I'm at a complete loss of positive things to say about Crisp. From the lack of friendliness of the staff to the low quality food and poor preparation, Crisp underperformed even the most basic expectations. There are far too many options in Center City, so don't waste your time with Crisp. When you're craving stir fry, check out nearby Honeygrow.These guys get it. There are a ton of places where you can get a $14 salad or stir fry. The food quality here is good and consistent. I put their salad up against Sweet Green or Just Salad any day. The difference is the service . The women and men behind the counter hustle and get it done right and fast. And if there is a mistake they are quick to fix it and make it right.I have been here a few times and tried different varieties. It's good food but not the best to my taste buds. The quantity is good enough to eat for 2 meals (atleast for me). I have tried their coconut curry chicken as well as tofu. I also tried chicken curry with brown rice which was just okaish. I have also tried their hot sauce curry with rice which is decent. Overall it is decent food and good quantity.Very fast and healthy option, and although it seems pricey, you do get a lot of food. 
As someone who doesnt like spicy food, my only issue was the selection of sauces. There were 6 to choose from, and 5 of them were spicy/firey which left me with hoisin sauce, which wasnt too good. I wish they had more mild flavors to choose from.
I wasn't too impressed, but if my friends wanted to come again I would probably come along.Crisp Kitchen has a pretty good thing going, but they really messed up when it came down to their new(er) General Crisp's Rice bowl. On top of the grossly overcooked brown rice, you will find crappy fried processed chicken nuggets. That really surprised me, because their stir-fry meats are fresh and sliced--and are made with obviously real meat; not this processed chicken crap! I actually enjoyed the grilled pineapple most, in this rice bowl.
I feel insulted by this dish and I felt offended to have been asked $10 for it.
C'mon Crisp Kitchen, you're better than this; at least, I would think that you would want to be.
Otherwise, still a pretty solid place, even though I'm very tempted to deduct a star.So I stopped in to the new Crisp Kitchen location, a couple months after it opened - in order to let them work out the kinks in their system, which appear to have resulted in a number of negative reviews here. It was towards the end of the night and not busy at all, so there shouldn't be any problem with my order, right? That's what I wondered, as I nervously placed my first order.
Ordering is much like any other place with a touchscreen, you make your choices and customize and pay for everything. Even though it's similar to most places, Crisps' ordering system is still a positive experience. 
Of course I'd find a big hiccup with it - I couldn't customize the Spicy Shrimp Noodles dish - as I wanted rice noodles instead of egg white noodles. The lady came around and helped me, but pointed out that 'apparently' everything can be customized except for 'that dish'; but, the sweetheart said it would be no problem for her to make it with my choice of rice noodles. 
I hereby ask management to address this: why can't I customize the Spicy Shrimp Noodles dish? I probably would have walked out, had I not been able to get rice noodles with that dish. Customers are suppose to be able to customize all their dishes, right? 
Anyways, I'm happy to report that I really enjoyed my Spicy Shrimp Noodles dish (with rice noodles). It was perfectly cooked and served. The rice noodles were delicious, the veggies were fresh and plentiful, the sauce was a perfect accompaniment, and the shrimp were done to perfection. Though my second problem, which I find problematic with most of these stir-fry restaurants, is that the meat (protein) is lacking - or even MIA (according to some reviews) - there should be more of it. $10 for a bowl of cheap noodles and veggies, with a little side item of meat, is pretty pricey and doesn't entice me to come back here often. 
I also got a drink, so I could try the beverage fountain. Luckily I could get soda water (I love seltzer without the syrups), the tea was nice, the fountain was a 'New Hope' company so it's supporting local business, and just let me say that the 'red birch beer' was deeeeeeeelish! I've pretty much quit syrupy sodas, but it's hard to imagine not getting at least a cup of this red birch beer during any visit. Soo good!
Also I'll point out that the Crisp Kitchen restaurant is gorgeous to enjoy your meals in. It's a spacious, charming modern place with a very cool golden-glazed concrete floor. This is all brand new construction, created specifically for Crisp Kitchen, and they did a great job of making it an appealing place to visit for a meal. 
Crisp Kitchen (much like Honeygrow or Sweetgreen) is not for you, if you're looking for a meaty meal. But it's a very nice addition to the neighborhood if you want some stir-fry (or salad), and want a cool place to enjoy a meal with friends.I came here for lunch and ordered a custom stir fry with beef, brocolli, scallions, mushrooms and peppers. There are 6 total ordering stations (3 on each side of the room) where you can choose and place your order on a screen, similar to Wawa and Honeygro. You are able to pick a premade option, or customize your own. Your stir fry has a choice of protein at different price points and your choice of 3 vegetables. I was slightly disappointed when I paid extra for my 4th vegetable (scallions), and there was none in my stir fry. I got the fried garlic toppings and had light plum hoison. The stir fry was quite oily but overall tasted good. It took about 10 minutes and my customized order cost $10. The portion size is pretty filling and I am able to eat half of it for lunch and the other half for dinner. The interior is very spacious, with more standing room than chairs and tables. This seems like a good alternative for a quick lunch, but would probably try other items on the menu.I'm writing this message in hopes that this meets management. I stopped by the 19th and Market Street store today for lunch (9/22/2017). I have never been made to feel so uncomfortable by strangers, let alone employees who are supposed to be in the hospitality industry. As soon as I walked in I could see a few woman behind the counter whispering and when I was about to order my food one of the woman said "How many babies are in there?", pointing to my stomach. I am currently 8 months through a tough pregnancy. I answered with "one", and there started the conversation between the three employees about how "big" I am. And they wanted to know "if I'm sure there's only one" because of how "large" I am. Visibly annoyed, I did not engage in their conversation, but they continued to talk about me until I left the store. I'm not sure what store policy's are set in place but I think it it absolutely disrespectful for someone to talk about me they way they were. When I returned to work, I was visible upset and told my colleagues about the situation. They were also appalled by the behavior of your staff. This interaction has not only lost me and my family as a customer but my colleagues as well.