Stopped by for Crunchik'n's soft opening! Their food never disappoints! So happy that they are expanding from ocean city to center city. Staff is super friendly and very welcoming.
They have a wide selection of sauces for their fried chicken (soy, spicy soy, sweet chili, honey bbq, korean bbq and more) and as well as the option to get a whole/half chicken as an order. Wings were flavorful, super juicy, and delicious! 
Also can't go wrong with a rice bowl. They taste clean and healthy, its such a yummy asian fusion combination!! Rice , choice of meat or fish, with fresh vegetables! If you're in the area, please give this place a try!! It's just as good if not better than all the other korean fried chicken places you've had in chinatown.Ordered a fried chicken rice bowl with spicy sweet chili sauce. It was a reasonable price for a good portion of food and tasted great. Also tried the rice ball appetizer which was very unique and extremely flavorful. The employees were very friendly and helpful. Overall, this place has lots of options and doesn't break the bank, will definitely be returning.Awesome wings and bubble tea.
I went in today and order some wings with the honey soy spicy sauce and it was absolutely delicious. It was a good balance of sweet and spicy. My 5 year old was raving about it. I ordered the matcha green bubble tea and mango bubble tea. The lady who took my order was so patient in explaining which sauces are suitable and was also kind enough to offer a 50% discount off our drinks because she mentioned that the bobas were over cooked. When I got home and tasted the tea, it was perfect! I am now looking forward to tasting the tea when it's cooked perfectly. I love this place and look forward to returning soon!Ate at their Ocean City spot numerous times. Chicken is consistently delicious!! Super nice people as well. Happy to see they made it to Philly (I specifically suggested this move btw :)We first knew about this place when we saw it in OC in Jersey two summers ago. And since then every time we are back there, we go. So-when we heard they opened in Philly, we were excited. Took our two boys there last night for dinner and they loved everything! We ordered 30 wings in 3 different kinds of sauces, dumplings, spicy funk taco, and a spicy pork rice bowl. 
The wings: the wings were delicious. Crispy, moist, and the sauce was just right. Not too heavy. They are small compared to the crazy big wings at Bonchon but that's fine by us. The crunch is actually better than Bonchon and the sauce not as dry as the wings at Bonchon which is good. Also their spicy wings were more consistent than the spicy wings at Bonchon where one wing's level of spicy can be very different from another wing.
Dumplings: we got the chicken. They were good. Not frozen dumplings but I think homemade. 
Rice bowl: it was a great mix of vermicelli noodles, greens, Korean spicy pork, a dumpling, and rice. A great mix of textures, flavors, and temperature. 
Spicy tuna taco: it was huge. I was expecting a small taco but it was huge. The tuna was flavorful and fresh. There was a brown sauce on there that was sweet but I think the taco would have been good without that sauce. They also served it with a spicy mayo sauce on the side. 
Service: you order at the counter and they call your name or bring the food to you. You put away your dishes, etc. with that said, the staff is very friendly, helpful with suggestions, and efficient. 
I'm selfishly glad hubby works close by so he can bring takeout home. The food definitely travels well and you don't lose that crunch as takeout. 
I really hoped they will be around for a long time.Great addition to the neighborhood! Stopped in around 4 on a Saturday for a bite to-go and was greeted by the friendly and helpful owner, Jen. The place looks amazing after the renovation from the previous owner and they have a really cute Philadelphia skyline wall papering in the back. We had the chicken dumplings, Korean BBQ wings and a crunch ball and it was all FANTASTIC! It was flavorful, fresh and a unique option from everything else in the neighborhood.The food is exceptionally prepared with wonderful results. Everything on the menu is made fresh and is absolutely delicious. The staff is incredibly friendly and responsive to any questions you may have.
I have tried everything on the menu at the Ocean City, N.J. location and have had the same positive experience at both locations.
If you want wonderful tasting food at exceptionally fair prices, this is the place to go. I plan to visit often. Five stars plus.I'm disappointed in myself for writing this review so late but better late than never! This place deserves more than five stars in my opinion. I frequent this place often in ocean city so when I found out they were opening one two blocks from my work I was ecstatic! 
First, customer service. Every single time I've been to this location, the customer service is astounding. Jen is always extremely friendly and remembers me every time I go in which days a lot about a business. I've only met a few of the other workers but each one has been a positive experience! They keep you updated on what's going on with your order too which is great.
Okay now the food. I have always been obsessed with their honey soy wings. They are incredibly crispy and juicy at the same time. I've never ordered these and have had a disappointing experience. They are consistent every time. Since they've opened this location I've tried the kimchi cheese fries, crunch balls, popcorn chicken, rice bowls, and the bulgolgi beef melt. (I was very excited) I still have NO disappointment with the quality of the food. I have loved every single thing I've tried. 
The bulgolgi beef melt is probably one of my favorites. The roll they use is nice and fluffy but dense enough to hold the filling of the beef cheese and vegetables. You get the savory satisfaction of the beef and the cheese but also a touch of sweetness from the pickled vegetables. 
The kimchi cheese fries are awesome. Kimchi is spicy but in a flavorful way. The fries are always cooked perfect and are never soggy.
Crunch balls are awesome. I got the beef ones. Again a little spicy but flavor is all there!
I've been to this place probably five times since it had opened and every single time the food is consistently fantastic. I've told every single person I work with to order from here. When you dine in the presentation is beautiful and never sloppy! I am working on my status to become a regular at this place!! Keep up the amazing work!!Their wings and fried chicken are amazing. Get them with Korean BBQ sauce.  The rice dish is pretty good.  It is interesting to mix salsa with Korean rice, noodle and meat (go with the pork).  The place is brand new and clean.   Haven't try their bubble tea yetReally good food. Really fresh ingredients. Really nicely staff. Not sure what else you'd need. A welcome addition to the block.Korean food is definitely starting to add food scene in Philadelphia.
Super friendly owner and staff. I went here when they've just opened and got free gift of nice hand towel.
I got the jap chai and beef bowl. Beef bowl has rice on the bottom, a dumpling, fresh salsa, jap chai, and delicious beef. 
The beef is very tender and amazingly delicious. Perfect seasoning, still retains the beef juice and well balanced in flavor. It melts in your mouth, not chewy or dry at all. 
The salsa is fresh with a spicy kick to it but not overwhelming and overly dominant. It gives a nice freshness to the meal. I also got the veggie jap chai. Noodle is very fresh and perfect flavor, a lot in a portion. 
The dumplings are amazingly fresh. The dough is thin and super soft but still retains the shape. Although it's fried, it's not greasy at all. Definitely get this.
The owner explained that the meat is fresh and prepared in the house. They trim and season the meat themselves.
The take out container is environmentally friendly. 
Currently not everything is available. The oven roasted chicken isn't available until March.
There are two ordering stations to place your order and there's complimentary water station.
There are some seats to eat in. 
I can't wait to try their other dish.We were visiting from out of town . We visited this place twice. The food was delicious and the service was just as good. We really loved the chicken wings. The kids enjoyed the popcorn chicken. The crunch ball is also good.I think I win on a day of blatent day drinking. I saw this place next to Strangelove on my way to celebrate the end of a long an draining project at work. After some heavy drinking nearby I decided to relive my year in Korea with some Korean Frided Chicken. I will happily remember this moment and relive Korean friend chicken in a bar with fuzzy beer. Without the sauce, this would be a good reliving that experience for me. Will be back!I first came across Crunchik'n along the Boardwalk in Jersey. It was so great to see some quality diverse fare in the area. At the time I ordered the popcorn chicken and the tuna tacos (both were delicious). When I heard that they opened a store in Philly, I had to check it out. 
I decided to try some different items at their new location. We got the crunch balls, wings, half chicken, and spicy pork melt. First of all, everything had such a great texture and crispiness to it. The crunch balls are a generous portion of rice and packed with flavor. If you enjoy kimchi fried rice, I highly recommend getting it. The chicken was nicely flavored and perfectly tender. The glaze over the wings and half chicken were just right - not overly gloopy, and covering every crevice while still keeping the skin crunchy. My favorite sauces are the honey soy and the Korean BBQ. The honey soy is self explanatory, but as a heads up the Korean BBQ is not what you would expect. It has a bit more tang/acidity than what I would typically associate with Korean BBQ, but it's still addicting. I also appreciated that the half chicken came with some home made pickled vegetables to cut some of the fried goodness. I was pleasantly surprised by the spicy pork melt. I know not everyone is a fan of cheese with Asian food, some may even find it confusing, but the combo of spicy (from the pork), cheesy, and sweet (from the pickled vegetables) was actually pretty amazing. I would definitely get the sandwich again. 
Overall I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here. I will definitely be back.Very happy to have a new Korean place in my area. The food is exceptional, fresh, beautiful and the service is great - always service with a smile.  it's a very creative menu with some fusion options and a few traditional items.  I'm a fan of the rice bowls (beef and tuna) and was surprised at how much i loved the crunchballs and dumplings, as they were tasty AND CRISPY! i plan to keep ordering from Crunchik'n, i want to make sure they stick around in the neighborhood!Bought myself a large popcorn chicken and ate it all. Oops. So yeah, super amazing, although I wish it was crispier. But I guess that's where the korean fried chicken comes in. 
The interior is small but the people are all super nice. There's a couple of screens to order or you can order from the cashier. There's also a couple of tables for sit down although it seems most of the orders are from takeout.
They also offer samples in front since it's still a relatively new place. 
I got half honey soy super spicy and half sweet chili spicy. Both are amazing sauces although I'll definitely get the super spicy for both next time for the added kick. 
Definitely will be back again!Great customer service, but oversauced and overfried.
Must get: crunchball, pork melt sandwich
Meh: dumplings, 
Missed out: fried chicken wings, boneless wings
I have a soft spot but sore stomach for greasy fried food, and while Crunchik'n offers a great competition with Bonchon, I think Crunchik'n can improve drastically by reducing the sauce and cheese. When it comes to fried chicken, this place got the recipe down perfectly, with a perfect blend of succulent white meat encased with a crunchy exterior drenched in numerous flavors du jour. Most of the dishes come with a korean flavor, and the most unique dish is the Crunchball, which the staff lovingly referred as a Korean arancini. While there are multiple flavors to choose from, it was unfortunate that you couldn't order a few samples of the dipping sauces. I would have preferred each dish to have less sauce, as they overwhelm the texture and make the sandwich too soggy to hold. The pork melt was an interesting, philly meets banh-mi, but once again, foiled by the overwhelming amount of cheese that made each bite feel like chomping through thickened cheese curds, rather then enjoying the carefully marinated pork chunks.
On future visit, I may try out the chicken wings, but be careful to bring extra tums.
Food: 3 stars
Service: 4 stars - had complimentary sample of the crunchball
Price: 3 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars - pseudo-hipsterGood Korean Fried Food.
I ordered ahead and didn't have to wait long for my Korean inspired crunchy goodness.  The super friendly voice on the phone said it would be ready in 15 and like clockwork, I had my food and drink, ready to go 15 mins later.  
The Crunch Ball definitely reminds of an arancini, and comes in a single orders, with options to make it vegetarian or beef.  It was definitely crunchy, salty, and kimchi-y.  The only issue I had was it wasn't very beefy at all, in fact, I wonder if I was given a vegetarian version.  It was definitely loaded with veggie, kimchi and rice with a spicy mayo sauce.  Either way, whatever I received was definitely unique and tasty.
The Wings came in a 5 pack and was recommended sauced with a sweet chili sauce.  The flavor was good, more sweet than hot, with a big battered crunch.  I might have wanted a little more spice but overall, a good KFC.  Definitely a dish to chow down on sooner rather than later to maximize the crunch factor.
The matcha green tea might have been the best iced matcha I've ever had.  Finally an Iced Matcha made with enough matcha that ends up tasting like Matcha!  My draw for coming back might just be this drink.This place is legit. Prices are good and the food is on point. We got the fried chicken wings, bulgolgi taco, and spicy pork taco. Everything was super fresh (I've had less than fresh bulgolgi in other Korean fusion places before) and marinated really well. 2 tacos is about enough for a meal cause they're huge. Philly needs more places like this!Sooooooo good! Definitely recommend the bowls and crunch balls. I had beef but I don't doubt any other flavor will be bad. The service was amazing. The girl was insanely sweet!!Love the wings and the flavor. To be honest, a little better than the other famous Korean fried chik'n place in town (they tend to over fried a little). Crunchik'n has rice bowls but it's not that tasty, just some salad over rice with a mediocre dumplin and meat (i had beef and they were a bit too dry) I'd rather to have bibimbop to accompany the wings... a little sad they don't have this option.
I ordered delivery and received a small gift, a very soft and thick washcloth!!I went for the soft opening, it is a small restaurant, the service is nice. It's more of a order by the cashier and sit type. The food is affordable. 
The spicy tuna tacos are amazing! I love the amount of vegetables in it although it is very messy to eat. 
The wings, i am not a huge fan. It's not bad, but the part that I got have a lots of bones. Unlike how others fried chicken place, those other place use mainly the drumsticks and wings, which I prefer more. I think that is more of a personal preference. The sauce is okay, I like the chili aioli. The chicken is not too crispy, a little too much sauce to make it soft.The popcorn chicken is so delicious.  So tender and the sauces are to die for.  I also tried the rice ball and it was everything I hoped it would be. So yummy !! I'll be back !The chicken was SO CRUNCHY!!! Had the tuna bowl - gotta love the noodles - and wings. Spicy chili and Korean BBQ sauce on the wings, the former had a real kick and the latter was pretty sweet. It's really all about the crunch when you bite in. The drums had some gristle, but even a picky eater like me could ignore that for the crispy joy of it allWings: very crunchy but not dry. The chicken is very moist and tender. I had honey soy spicy. It has mild spiciness. Highly recommend.
I had the crunch balls: the name says it all, it's has crunchy outside texture. It's very delicious from the mix of sweet and spicy. The filling has some veggie, It's definitely their signature dish. You will get hooked.This place is great! The workers are friendly. The food is delicious and the bubble tea was a nice bonus! I would 100% reccomend this to anyone looking for a nice treat!So glad I finally got to eat here!!! I loved it. The interior is clean and cute. There's a nice amount of seating. It was beautiful outside so we didn't stay inside; we went to the park across the way. 
The menu is great. I wanted to try everything. I need to try all the sauces. I got kimchi fries. They were delicious and crunchy and cheesey. I ordered a popcorn chicken bowl with sweet chili and that was excellent. The bowl comes with a dumpling noodles and rice! The side of popcorn chicken with Korean BBQ sauce was also amazing. My friend said the bubble tea was just ok. But I didn't order any. 
I can't say enough good about this place. The owner is super nice and supportive of the neighborhood and the community. I wish the restaurant was open later but I will definitely be back regularly!The chicken and the crunchy balls are phenomenal and Jae is overly stunning. I'm now arranging my next excursion back. 
Look at the fiery bean stew sauce. It's good to the point that I need to get it by the case.This spot is something you should seek out if you're in Philly. Just a few blocks from market street forget Reading Terminal Market head to 11th and walnut. Crunchik'n popularizes Korean favors with some of the most delicious and tender chicken you will find. It's not your typical take-to-go joint, everything here is new, exciting and flavorful. If you like spice and sweetness try the Korean BBQ and the Sweet Chili sauce on the Popcorn Chicken. I also recommend the strawberry lemonade soda, it's handmade and refreshing. Yet that's not the best part! The team is friendly, welcoming and fun. The location is clean/brand new and central to where you want to be. Make sure you stop in to see Jen she'll give you a tour of their newest menu items. Can't wait to see what else they add in the future!Cannot say enough good things! Amazing food, always super fresh and wonderful customer service. 
I typically order the whole chicken with super spicy sweet chilli sauce... good level of heat (would be a 7/10 spice level, spicy but not too spicy). Very crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside
Customer service is outstanding, always a pleasure to order from here.I love their bulgogi and spicy pork bowls! It's pretty authentic for a fast food korean place! Their dumplings are crispy and japchae is well seasoned.
Also their employees are super friendly and have great service! They're giving out free gifts for their opening :) I'd go again and try their chicken which is what they're known for!So excited this place opened up right next to Jefferson!  Korean fried chicken wings here is awesome.  The batter is on its own flavorful and has a light, airy and crunchy texture.  The sauces we tried were Korean BBQ (very tasty) and Soy Chili (also quite tasty).  The customer service was excellent, smiling faces all around!  They are also tech savvy working with Caviar for delivery and they have two self order kiosks for those in a bit of a hurry.  Serene decor in the seating area with really cool decal of Philly skyline on the wall.  Will definitely be coming back for more!  Cherry on top was that they gave out thank you gifts for their first customers, a nice quality terry cloth towel with their logo, which will come in handy for future Korean fried chicken eating adventures at this placeThe food here was delicious!! It's a really sweet small business with fantastic customer service. Literally everything on the menu is crazy good. Free ice cold water, cute small location. Definitely coming back!This place deserves all five stars. They most definitely have the best fried chicken in town. Everything on their menu is amazing and you should try all of them! My favorite is their half fried chicken. It's perfectly crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. The owner buys all their ingredients fresh. All of their sauces are homemade and very pleasing to your taste buds. They came up with their own recipes. If you want the most bang for your buck, I would recommend their bowls, specifically the pork or tuna bowl!! Their customer service is also top notch and the restaurant is very clean. You won't be disappointed!This is probably my favorite lunch spot near Jefferson campus. The owners of this particular restaurant are korean. I usually get their veggie rice bowl, but They've given me food for free before and their chicken is pretty good. I think the first time I ever went the owner kept bringing me out fresh dishes to try.Ordered rice, a beef taco and popcorn chicken with sweet spicy chili. The taco was terrible, it was a veg taco but was just filled with lettuce and very little meat (see photo).  The single lettuce taco was 5.75 and not at all good. Even the little meat in the taco didn't taste nice. On the other hand the fried chicken was good. I ordered a small order and I couldn't finish it. I'd return for the fried chicken alone.We r loading in Hamilton next door and saw this place this morning. Woo hoo. Love Korean food. Sent hubby for two mango Boba and he came back with bulgogi bowl with extra Kimchee. Omg... so glad he went. The small bowl was plenty for us two. And the kimche was super pickly and not too spicy and verrrrry crunchy. Perfect!!
   Ok now is lunch/dinner time and a lot of the crew is in here for eats!! This time we got wings. Some spicy hot chili and some soy honey.  Oh ya...2 sides of their great Kimchee. Wings were awesome as well. And LOVE their Kimchee.Crunchik'n is a great option for a weeknight pickup, if you're craving some Korean flavors and fried chicken. They offer a variety of options, including boneless chicken, wings, and kimchi fries. When I first walked into the restaurant, it leads into a larger seating area through a small hallway where you can watch the kitchen at work. The ambiance definitely has the feeling of more a takeout place than a sit-down, but you do have the option to dine in. 
Now on to the food itself. I typically order the popcorn chicken and kimchi fries. The chicken itself is very crispy, as Korean fried chicken should be. The sauces are very flavorful. I order the honey soy super spicy and sweet chili spicy, and both are fantastic. Just the right amount of spice level for me, and I really love the flavors on the honey soy sauce. The kimchi fries are also great, with a good amount of kimchi and especially the cheese. This is a great spot to come when you're not feeling up for cooking!Such a great addition to the neighborhood dining options! The staff are super friendly and helpful, and the food is delicious with good-sized portions for the money.I love seeking out unique places. My wife and I stopped by for a snack and I am counting down the days to go back! 
We split the large popcorn chicken. It was perfectly juicy and equally crunchy. The sauces were amazing. The quality or sweet and spicy has me salivating in retrospect.
Not only was the food delicious, but the people working there were super kind. The restaurant was clean and there was plenty of seating. 
I cant wait to go back and try more of their menu!I can't believe I have not reviewed this place yet! I came here all the time when a grad school student at Jefferson. It became a running joke with my classmates that after every exam I would go cry into some fried chicken. The spicy soy is hands down my favorite. The rice bowls are awesome, and huge for the price. The kimchi rice balls are also fantastic for when I really want to eat all the fried foods. The staff is SO friendly, and the restaurant is always super clean (especially the bathrooms). I've had positive experiences with both Caviar and Uber Eats, too.Solid Kfc with fairly quick service. Good bulgolgi cheesesteak/bahnmi fusion sandwich. Pork bowl was mediocre, but kimchi fries were amazing. Clean seating and restrooms.The popcorn chicken is awesome. Just like the wings it's very crunchy and the meat is still tender. Honey soy and Korean barbecue has good flavor. The Korean barbecue has some spicy kick. 
The spicy tuna taco is spicy but delicious. It's like poke meets taco. One taco is big and fillings. It has generous amount of guacamole and some veggies on top.  It also has spicy mayo on the side.
Everything here doesn't disappoint meMy friend and I ordered wings, crunch balls, and the bulgogi melt. I HIGHLY recommend the crunch balls! Everything about it, the sauce, the crispy exterior and filling was delicious! Definitely a 5/5. The other menu items were a 4/5. The bread for the sandwich was nice and buttery and the wings were crispy. They had a light coating of sauce and the spicy sauce was not spicy at all, the crunch ball sauce was spicier. Overall good place for a quick cheap eat.I tried this place out because it had great reviews and closed to campus. The service is great! They were super friendly and helpful.
The food is delicious. I had the beef crunch ball. Very crispy shell and filled with seasoned beef, onions, rice, and corn. It also comes with a great sauce that pairs well with it. Combining those two gives an explosion of flavor and textures. Definitely a must have.
The cashier recommended me to try their wings so I went with the sweet chili super spicy. The wings are crispy and they remain that way for a good bit of time. I wasn't able to eat all of it and came back later and they were still crispy. The sauce had the right amount of heat for me and the sweet notes that comes through helps balance out the spiciness.
Last I had the large beef rice bowl. Tons of food and definitely worth it. It contained well seasoned beef on top of some rice, lettuce, a section of noodles, and a small section of diced veggies. It brings great flavor and a healthy blend of food. The dumpling is a nice touch. 
For the price and flavors. This is a great place to try out and become a regular. Can't wait to try their popcorn chicken next time!Crispy, crunchy, juicy, sweet and spicy. Their chicken is on point! Hearty servings (large was enough for lunch+late night meal). 10/10 would eat again.I am happy this place exists in the center of Philly! I used to have to go all the way up to Cafe Soho to get my crunchy chicken fix but this place can now save me some gas money! Their sauces....fantastic! I tried their Korean BBQ, their Honey Soy, and their Sweet Chili. Loved all three! I saw other customers get their rice bowls which looked lovely so I'll definitely have to get that next time!
I mentioned Cafe Soho so let me compare. Crunchik'n has similar prices, more sauces that I like, SLIGHTLY smaller wings (meat was still good though), an equal crunchiness, a great location, and the restaurant itself looked very stylish for its size.I stopped in based on the Yelp rating while in the area on business. I went with wings (spicy soy) and pork dumplings. No question about the crunch but a little greasy and not much depth of flavor. I preferred the wings but still only decent. The dumplings had little redeeming quality. Nice enough place and reasonable prices but not enough to bring me back.Definitely overrated and probably overpriced. A good quick meal when you're in the area and need something, but the chicken is not the best I've had. It's crunchy but too heavily breaded and all of the sauce options are pretty sweet. There also aren't many healthy side options. The actual building is nice and is good for groups, and the service is always good. It does take a while for them to cook the food so definitely budget extra time for that.Great food, awesome customer service! The quality of the chicken is amazing and so much better than other options around the area. I love that they keep bringing new things to the menu, so much to try everytime I visit!We had a lovely meal yesterday afternoon. The family was so nice who works there. The chicken was LEGIT and the fried Kim chi ball truly has a unique taste. I love new restaurants opening like this one. We will be back for sure.This place is AWESOME. I definitely recommend it. The crunch ball was amazing. It has kimchi in it so there was a little kick but definitely worth a try. Also the pork dumplings were great and come with a delish sauce. The owner Jen is so friendly. It's also a decent size eat-in so you can come with friends.  The food is a great price and delicious. Can't beat that!Great Korean fried chicken when you get that craving and don't wanna travel all the way to Cafe Soho.  Definitely way better than BonChon.  The chicken is crispy and the sauces are tasty.  Wish they offered more heat though.  The honey soy super spicy is definitely misleading.  Its more like a medium spicy, not super spicy like Soho's spicy.  Wish they would give pickled daikon on the side like most other places.
Like that they offer popcorn chicken and other korean sides as well.Best Korean food in center city hands down, especially the fried chicken it's sooo delicious!This place is solid! We did a fried chicken bang-bang starting our night at another place and getting fried chicken skins and buns, then we headed over here for more of a meal (which we decided to take to-go). I ordered the popcorn chicken rice bowl with soy honey sauce, my partner ordered the kfc with Thai chili sauce, and then we also threw on some pork dumplings. 
The fried dumplings were not my favorite - I am more a fan of steamed dumplings so I am going to chalk this up to personal preference/texture because otherwise the filling was good. I don't know if they would make them both ways?
The kfc was pretty solid, but I've had crunchier kfc in my life and this probably wouldn't be my first choice if I was in the mood for kfc... but again, a solid option in the neighborhood.
THAT. RICE. BOWL. Oh my goodness. This is where you want to be when you order from here and had we not ordered anything else I would give you guys 5 stars for this bowl all by itself. I had been so confused by the menu/photos calling this a rice bowl when there appeared to be 0 rice, but the rice is in the bottom, FYI. The popcorn chicken was so crunchy and I loved the sweet/salty honey soy sauce. The salsa stuff gave it a lovely korean-mex flavor that I amherefor. The noodles and lettuce added some amazing textures for all the mouthfeels. The dumpling (veggie?) was unnecessary but why not. I thought it was the most perfect textural and flavorful experience from anywhere, let alone a BYOB/takeout joint. This rice bowl should win awards. Best Vacation For Your Mouth.
I will SO be back! Welcome to the neighborhood!!The staff were so nice and helpful with input on what to try. They served quickly which worked out great since we had a limited lunch break. The food was amazing. Best chicken wings ever... loved the honey soy and will need to try the spicy one. Bubble tea was good. And the one side is some kind of ball (beef) that is deep fried with a sauce on the side.A unique Korean/ Korean fusion place.
Sandwiches (~$9 for a small): A love child born from bahn mi and a cheesesteak. It comes with either bulgogi or spicy pork. Both are really good, but I prefer the bulgogi because it had a more apparent flavor. These sandwiches are incredibly juicy, so grab some napkins. They contain A LOT of pickled vegetables, so if that's not your thing then maybe steer clear of this. However, I must say the veggies are delicious and the whole combination just works. Would eat again.
Dumplings: Super crispy and very juicy dumplings. The staff was very generous and let us try these for free! 10/10 for service. The dumplings were delicious with the usual taste of chives/green onions. The crunchy exterior is great. Would eat again.
Crunch Ball: What a unique experience this item was. A deep fried rice ball with a yummy filling and crunchy exterior. It is also covered in a sriracha mayo-like sauce very commonly used in sushi. The crunchy exterior sold me on this. Very tasty. Would definitely eat again.
All in all, a really unique experience with interesting items that are fun to try! 10/10 would recommend.After having to settle for BonChon for so long (with their 45 minute ALWAYS wait and subpar tiny wings with barely any meat), FINALLY they have a run for their money. They might as well drive out of town at this point. I ordered a half fried chicken from Crunchik'n and it is as divine, tender, and crunchy as the reviews say. And it's only a 15 minute wait to pick up an order. Where Bonchon is all hype, this place is the real deal. Don't settle for bad service and chicken. Come here.This relative new-comer to the area made a good impression at our first visit. 
We ordered honey soy and sweet chili Korean fried wings, chicken and pork dumplings and "kimchi" fries. We wanted the crunch ball, but it wasn't listed on the self ordering screens. We later learned that they are still on the menu, but were removed from the touchscreen ordering system. Huh? Why? 
Anyway, the double fried wings were freshly made, crunchy and flavorful. The dumplings were crispy. The pork ones were underwhelming due to their lack of flavor, while the chicken version were very good-they were seasoned well and had the perfect protein to veg ratio in the crispy shell. I put "  kimchi " in quotes for the fries because... it didn't taste kimchi-ish. The fries were hot, crispy and very tasty, but we decided that "spicy cheese fries" would be a better description than the current name. 
We had a delicious meal, but needed a bit of relief (maybe from some fresh veg or acidity) from all the fried food, near the end of the meal.
The grapefruit sparkling drink was VERY tart, très grapefruity. Cut through the fried stuff a bit.
The staff was very friendly, and the digs accommodate a decent amount of tables with a good amount of space between them. 
Wish the crunch ball had shown up on the self ordering system. Really wanted to try that.... next time!Just stopped by with my friend on our way to dinner! 
And I have to say: I LOVE THE CHICKEN HERE.
I'm a regular at both bonchon locations in the city, have tried pelacana but I have to say the chicken here is so fresh, and they make it from scratch to order! The spiciness is not overbearing as I can still taste the soy as well. Usually when I get spicy anywhere else it's so spicy I can't taste anything but the spice. Perfect mix. 
The server was great, the cashier was extremely friendly. The place itself is bright and clean (considering its a sit down that you serve yourself those tend to be messy since ppl often neglect cleaning them when it gets busy) 
Have to say might be a regular here. My friend and I really want to try the kimchi cheese fries and the KOREAN OVEN CHICKEN. Stay tune for the next update!This place is great! Nice lunch spot. The place is spotless!!!! The food is great at a reasonable price and the people working there are so nice! I can very easily get sketched out by bite-size fried chicken but the quality of the food used here is spot on! (see photo). So many overwhelming choices in the area but this place is solid. Check it out!We love crunchik'n! Amazing food, great people! If you want delicious food you can't beat it. We frequent their Ocean City, NJ location in the summer and were thrilled to learn that they were opening a location in Philly. Although we live in the suburbs we'll stop in to this location whenever we're nearby and cross our fingers that their next location is out near us. The crunch balls, a new addition to the Philly menu, are truly delicious and I personally love the rice bowl with chicken but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu (and you can trust me because we've tried it all)!Came here for lunch around 12pm. It's such a hidden gem! Food came out in a timely manner and the customer service was great! I had the honey soy spicy wings and dumplings (they were complimentary - big thanks!). Food was delicious!Rice bowl: I love their spicy tuna, bulgogi, and spicy pork bowls! Highly recommend their spicy tuna bowl (very different than a poke bowl or bibimbap). I really like that it's not like all the other korean restaurants with your typical bibimbop or bulgogi and rice. It's modern korean fusion food - great option for a quick bite. It's pretty authentic for a fast food korean place! Their dumplings are crispy and japchae is well seasoned.
Fried chicken wing: soy garlic spicy sauce is super good. I'm not a huge sweet / savory person but this sauce does a good job of balancing both flavors. Chicken wing was tasty too!
Service: their employees are super friendly and have great service! They're getting super busy during lunch so I'd go during off-peak hours. They're giving out free gifts for their opening :) I'd go again and try their chicken which is what they're known for.Amazing people running this place. They make some of the best Korean fried chicken around.  Everything on this menu is amazing. They made a lifetime customer out of meGREAT food and the NICEST people making it!!! Definitely worth a visit (we came ask the way from Sunny California )!! 
-love from Cal FencingBeing a huge Korean fried chicken fan, I wanted to try out a smaller place that wasn't Bonchon. I had heard some friends hype yo this place, so I wanted to give it a try myself. I came in with a few friends around 8PM on a weekday. I loved the ordering screens that were in the restaurant; they gave me time to look through the menu and choose sauce options.
After perusing the menu and sides for quite some time, I went with a 10-piece Wings and Sweet Potato Fries side. I ended up choosing the Honey Soy and Sweet Chili Spicy Sauce options for my chicken.
In about 10 minutes, my name and order number were called at the counter, and I picked up my food. I was impressed by the size of the wings, and they appeared to look super saucy and appetizing. After taking my first bite, I was impressed. The crunch was great, and I really enjoyed both sauce flavors. Neither was overwhelmingly sweet or spicy. My Sweet Potato Fried, however, were a bit disappointing. They lacked any type of salt and tasted a bit flavorless. The crunch and texture were great, but just adding a touch of salt upon cooking could have fixed them. 
Overall, I liked this place a lot. I definitely wouldn't consider it a replacement for Bonchon, but it's a cool restaurant to visit regardless. I like the wing quality, sauce variety, and would I definitely be very curious to try other menu items in the future.Fantastic food...and we've tried everything! Great new location! The building is beautiful, right across from a parking garage & close to the Patco stop. The owners and staff are incredible. Can't recommend Crunchik'n enough!Wow....  this place is freaking amazing. Hope they keep this up as they are open longer. The spicy tuna bowl was like a tuna tartar with spicy sauce. Absolutely amazing. Our party also has veggie bowl, spicy pork, and bulgogi. All were excellent. We had the popcorn chicken with the spicy honey soy and the sweet chili. Both were excellent with a slight edge to sweet chili. I would have to say the Wings were even better. The skin was perfectly breaded and crispy of what I expect for kfc. I would order the wings in the future. The crunch balls were amaze balls. We had both a veggie and a meat one. Both had the spicy sauce. We finally ordered 5 pork dumplings and 5 kale dumplings. Omg the kale dumplings were freaking great!  The sauces for the dumplings were excellent. Could use a bit more. I'm sure we could ask for more. The service was the best I've had in Philly in ages. Great recommendations. I could eat here every time I'm in Philly (about once a week). Strongly recommend.Stopped by here for lunch on a Saturday with no wait. If you don't know what you want, you can take your time ordering off the iPad which is great. We ordered 10 honey soy wings, 5 honey soy spicy wings, bulgogi beef sandwich, a crunch ball, and 5 pork dumplings. 
The staff was very friendly. The service was quick and it didn't take long to get our food. 
The flavors of the wings were good and it was very crispy. 
I would have preferred the sandwich not to be wrapped bec by the time we got to it, the bread was extremely soggy. 
I would highly recommend trying the crunch ball- very flavorful.
We didn't like dumplings much, the filling didn't have much flavor.Stopped at this place after work, delicious. I first tried this place in Ocean City and this Philly location is just as good. Crunch ball was complimentary with my order. Will definitely come back for more!We stopped in for lunch. Very ordinary and lacking any real exciting menu options.  Service was slow and inattentive to their customersMy husband and I happened to find this gem of a place on their opening day!! So cool!! The peeps' working there were so sweet and genuine. We felt super catered to. 
The food is delicious!! There's something for everyone to enjoy. Very fair prices, very clean spot, abundantly friendly people, and delicious food makes for a superb experience. My husband and I will for sure be back!!The only thing that made this fried chicken experience better was the service :). Came with a big group of 13 people and we practically ordered everything on the menu. Personally, my favs were the spicy soy chicken and the fried dumplings. Unfortunately, they didnt last long enough for a photo!This new Korean fried chicken place just open. Besides fried chicken, it has rice bowls, tacos and sandwiches on the menu. I tried their signature fried chicken wings with honey soy sauce. The wings are very crunchy outside and yet soft and tender inside. I ordered them for to go and I guess they would be even better for dining in. The flavor is perfect, not too strong or weak. I am so happy to have such a place in the neighborhood.Solid food. Friendly service. I enjoy the rice bowls, especially with Bulgogi beef or chicken. The bowls include rice, salsa, lettuce, noodles and a dumpling. Not cheap at roughly $9 per bowl but you get a good size portion. Tried both the beef and chicken dumplings, they were OK. I find it odd they are closed on Sunday given they are in city center.  I'm not a fan of fried chicken myself but this appears to be their specialty. Give it a try if your in the area but it's not a destination stop for me. 
BKI had to come give this 5 stars because the service and food were both outstanding! The popcorn chicken with honey soy glaze was delicious. The rice bowl was super filling. And the lovely young lady at the counter was sweet enough to give me extra dumplings to try!  They were fantastic too! I will absolutely be a regular here.I ordered on Caviar, and had an issue with my driver. Crunchik'n called to let me know that the food had been ready for over an hour but nobody had picked it up yet, and that they'd make a fresh order for when the driver did come. Super nice of them to do seeing as the issue was not their fault at all! I really appreciated them reaching out and remaking the food at their own expense. They even included both in the order so I got double the food when my courier did finally arrive. 
I got the honey soy popcorn chicken and it's really good; the outside is very crunchy but the meat is not dry. I think they are covered in a well proportioned amount of sauce : )
Even if the food wasn't good (which it was), I'd likely visit the restaurant (in person) to give them another shot, just because their customer service is so good. Thanks guys!!It's like Korean food, chipotle style, with a great balance of flavor.
Came here with friends to try out this new place close to work. It is next to the Jefferson medical library and Hospital. We were greeted by a friendly cashier who turned out to be a VP. She recommended the fried half chicken, apparently more flavorful than the boneless popcorn chicken, and we each got a different rice bowl to try. We also got to try the Crunchik'n rice ball, notes to be like Arancini, and their Mandu, or dumplings. 
When we walked in this guy told us everything on the menu is good, as he has had their food in Ocean City. He was definitely right! The half chicken with sauce was the right combination of savory, heat and warmth. We all hugely enjoyed our rice bowel- the pork, beef and tuna were all delicious, with salad, rice and glass noodles filling out the meal nicely. Last but not least their dumplings were complex in flavor, completed with glass noodle filling, and their rice balls were an explosion of umami.
Great place for take out, lunch, or a fast casual meal with friends!Awesome bowls, dumpling, and fried chicken with a nicely focused menu. The attention to sourcing and in-house prep is apparent in every dish and the service is friendly. A new go-to when in the neighborhood and for delivery.