This place is a great addition to the neighborhood! My friends and I came here for a birthday. We each got a pasta and split 3 apps between 5 of us. I will say the small plates and shareables are pretty small portions, as are the deserts. The meatballs, for example, were bite size - but there were 6 of them. The tiramisu desert was about the size of a small fist. The pasta was good and made in house. The wine menu was extensive. And the pastas range from pretty standard to more creative. The space is intimate but cozy and welcoming. Overall would recommend and also go again.Absolutely recommended. I've picked up a lot of Uber passengers from this place, and finally gave it a shot tonight with some family that was visiting. 
I had ordered the spaghetti cacio e pepe, and the porchetta, and both were astounding. The pasta for the cacio e Pepe was fantastically al dente, and the mix of cheese and black pepper was balanced so that they complimented each other, instead of one overtaking the other. 
The porchetta was served in two parts: a leaner cut, and a fattier cut. The fatty cut melted in the mouth, and the skin on the outside was crunchy like a cracker. The salad that was served with it was a beautiful, bright compliment to the savory meat. 
A wide selection of amari/digestivi caps this hearty meal off very well.Quality service.  Cool atmosphere.  Small but good menu.  Loved the brueshettas we tried.  Great entrees and small plates.Very good addition to the neighborhood. The food and service was very good. The wine list was varied and priced appropriately.  We will be back.Just visiting Philly for the weekend and noticed a new spot just opened so stopped by right when they opened.
It's a really fun, lively spot with great pastas and other Italian food. Get one of the bruschettas to start, probably the great Buffalo Mozzarella one ($8) and then get a bunch of pastas and you will leave happy.Go. Just go. We tried this place for our anniversary and were pleasantly surprised. They did a great job giving this spot a facelift post-Ela! The vibes are good, it's busy but you don't feel like you're waiting forever and service is on point. We over ordered but that's life. I suggest the tagliatelle and the Italian salad. Also, grab the mezcal cocktail (or 2). Fair portions and affordable. You'll be happy!Meh...overpriced, average food - really disappointing based on many  reviews about this place.  Visited during a recent stay in Philly. Space is nice, drinks were reasonably priced, but the food was not good AND pricey. Overcooked pasta, very small portions.  Bruschetta was burnt.Had dinner with hubby & friends at Cry Baby, and we were all WOWED with every dish we ordered - from the meatballs with smoked cheese to the amazing artichokes, bruschetta with buffalo mozzarella, fresh rigatoni with chicken (with the perfect amount of a nice spicy kick) and the char grilled branzino, and some other dishes (we shared all of them).
The food is mouth-watering & delicious - so happy to have this new gem in the neighborhood!
There's NO crying with pasta or CRY BABY -- it's 5 STARS all the way!The pasta at Cry Baby is clearly homemade and cooked to a nice al dente. I also like the affordable neighborhood pasta joint concept. Other than that the rest of the experience leaves a lot to be desired.    The space itself is extremely loud with a crowded, bustling dining room accompanied by a very audible soundtrack of musical hodgepodge. The service is robotic and somewhat misinformed as it seemed as if the server had never heard of the wine that we ordered and couldn't pronounce the grape "Aglianico". Not a big deal but at least pretend. The Caesar salad was average. The grilled artichokes came out of a can and weren't very good. The rigatoni with with smoked chicken and chili peppers tasted only of spice and smoke. The tagliatelle with meat sauce lacked the caramelized depth that a true bolongese should have. And then the meatballs. The size of a dime meatballs with smoked ricotta. Mealy. Smokey. Bland . The worst meatball I've eaten at a restaurant hands down. Such potential for this team and concept, however, the execution of everything just lacked heart and soul.Delicious new addition to Queen Village. Unlike most great Italian spots, this place has spent a lot of time trying to create a modern aesthetic and it definitely makes the place. The ambiance is perfect for a date or girls night and the food will have you coming back. After dining here twice, by far the stand out dish is the rigatoni. Somehow they make the entire dish Smokey and spicy without being too overwhelming. Will definitely continue to go back.This place was amazing and definitely worth coming back again! I would recommend making a reservation but we only had to wait 20 minutes on a Friday night. The menu is a little pricey but I think the quality is worth it! I would highly recommend the Fritto Misto (one of the best calamari I've ever had) and the Rigatoni. Everything came out steaming hot straight from the kitchen and was so delicious! Will be recommending this to my friends and family!We ate here on a Friday night. We called for a reservation and got one without a problem. The restaurant was packed when we arrived and we were seated quickly, which was nice. The tables were too close together to be able to sit comfortably or get up to use the restroom without disturbing other guests. I know it's the city, but man it was tight in there. 
We had the meatballs, Caesar salad, artichokes, crispy potatoes and rigatoni with smoked chicken. The meatballs were small, but had good flavor. Caesar salad was WAY too salty - I didn't think anyone could mess up a Caesar salad, but now I know you can. Artichokes were the real disappointment. I loved the flavor of the grilled artichokes with the balsamic and parm, but it was literally one artichoke cut in half - for $10??? Wtf. We finished with the rigatoni, which was delicious. It has some heat behind it, but the combo of the peppers, pancetta and chicken and vodka sauce made for great texture and taste. Finally we had the crispy potatoes, which were good, but they were not crispy as advertised. Basil pesto was good!
Overall, probably would not come back.I ate here last night and everything was more than amazing! My roommate and I had the Italian salad, the buffalo mozzarella bruschetta, the artichokes, a pasta with chicken and cherry peppers(red sauce) and a fried appetizer with shrimp, calamari, and smelts and the lemon gelato for dessert. The fried food was incredibly crispy and not overdone, the pasta was amazing. I think the chicken inbit was dark meat which only made it better. The salad had bitter lettuce, salumi, pepperonis, carrots, in an amazing dressing. The artichokes were soft but not too soft and the buffalo mozzarella was also very good. The lemon sorbet was so creamy, I don't even know how they did it. The drinks were also good, and our server Eden was also very nice and not overbearing. My only regret is that I didn't try the meatballs. I'll definitely be back.They don't do happy hour, which is fine that's not what they're going for I guess (just something to be aware of). However this place is called Cry Baby Pasta and the pasta we got was very sub par. We ordered simple spaghetti pomodoro. It was al dente which some people like but you don't expect when you order at a restaurant. The sauce was mainly oil, so much oil it separated from the sauce. Also, the portion was very small, like appetizer size. Any Italian knows that our portions are meant to be bigger especially pasta. Drinks were good, but overall unimpressed and won't return.Not sure where all these bitter, negative Yelp reviews are coming from.  I had an amazing experience here.  For those complaining about pricing, you clearly haven't eaten around this city.  The first thing I noticed about the menu was how reasonable the prices were.  I would say the cocktails and wine options were easily below average compared to any decent restaurant in Philly.  The pasta prices for the serving size were more than reasonable.   Everything we ate was really impressive, possibly the best pasta we've had in the city.  My cocktail was fantastic, as well.  The service was decent, laid back and sort of fit with the neighborhood, low key vibe of the restaurant.  Definitely will be going back in near future.Something to write home about. Everything was amazing- food, service, drinks and atmosphere. 
A++++. Have been recommending and will continue. Do yourself a favor and eat here!Had a really great time here. Our waitress was super helpful as we explored all the delicious items on the menu. My date and I both went with the rigatoni alla vodka and it was AMAZING. Topped off with a really nice red blend. Definitely worth a visit and I'll be returning soon to order the exact same thing.Started with the crispy potatoes and bruschetta- garlic butter on toast & buffalo mozzerella. The crispy potatoes were underwhelming but both bruschetta were really good. For the entree I got the Rigatoni that comes with vodka sauce and chicken, which was also very good. Everything tasted fresh and homemade. 
My only concern was the pricing overall. Great food but hard to justify some of the pricing. 
Don't sleep on the garlic butter on toast bruschetta!!I really wanted to love this place considering it's on my block and had great reviews, but the portion sizes were laughable. My boyfriend and I shared the vodka rigatoni and the tagliatelle bolognese, which were certainly tasty. The rigatoni dish had twice as much pasta as the tagliatelle... but it was still not enough food for us, even though we indulged in the garlic bread as well. You would think for a $50 meal we wouldn't walk out of there hungrier than we came in. Would not recommend.Not memorable which I define with regards to a restaurant as not having eaten anything that would leave me eager to return and enjoy again.   The rigatoni in a vodka sauce I ordered and the cacio e pepe and squid ink linguine with clams I sampled were decent but rather ordinary.I was reluctant to walk into this intimidating yet gorgeous restaurant. We were greeted by a very friendly hostess, and we immediately were suspicious, "WHAT ARE HER INTENTIONS???" We asked for a table for two and she said we are full but we could wait at the bar. We were anxious and hungry. Her hair was curly and blush-colored, and resembled the tagliatelle pasta and sauce we feverishly read about a few days ago. 
As we waited at the bar, we looked around and there were no empty tables, but we still couldn't understand why they couldn't accommodate us?!? However (!) the two charming bartenders, who were also handsome, changed our fate. Our night became an enchanting evening of candid banter and lavish cocktails. We were so delighted. I believe their names were Gayle and John, but I can't really remember because the terrible teardrops just kept rolling down like the beautiful rivers of the schukill valley!
I cry tears of joy for cry baby, and tears of happiness for the neighborhood!It was pleasant. Nothing bad. Nice server. Super sweet and attentive. I enjoyed the apple crostata. I never need to go back. If I lived in the neighborhood I'd go back but to make a trip there - no.For the price, this is the best Italian restaurant I've been to in Philly. We ordered the cacio pepe, rigatoni, meatballs, and fritto misto. So good!! My Prosecco was delicious! Highly recommend!CBP is a high energy spot that aims to please. The open seating area is spacious and cozy at the same time somehow. Service is professional and efficient. We were seated on a Saturday at 8pm and the restaurant seemed super busy at that moment but our server appeared immediately, warned us that things may be slow, and then took our drink order and quickly returned with our cocktails. That's a pro. Food is meant to be ordered in multiple courses as on the smaller side which is awesome if you like to sample. Had the veal tortellini en brodo and tomato panzanella (like a tomato/ bread salad) to start and were so good couldn't wait for the next dishes. Sides were incredible, charred broccoli with garlic and anchovy. Greens with prosciutto and cherry peppers. Crispy Potatoes with basil pesto.  Grilled Carrots with pecorino salsa verde and chili. So good. Finally orecchiette with broccoli rabe, and tagliatelle bolognese topped off a great meal. Solid cocktails and solid wine list are crowd pleasers.Was looking for a quick meal & drink and I found it. 
I ordered the Roman Egg Drop Soup followed by the Fritto Misto. Both done well & each with a unique twist. I'd have both again or opt to do something different since I was impressed. 
The space is similar from when this was Ela, which I appreciate. 
What I didn't find is service that made me want to come back sooner than later. Seemed my presence was more of an irritation than anything else. Little to no communication. I'm not looking for a best friend out of a bartender, but a hello and some sort of verbal acknowledgement before/after ordering & a check-in is the bare minimum.
Had the food/space not been so nice, I'd be giving this place a 3 based on the service. Hope they get it together.Too many great choices to try in one visit. The rigatoni was fantastic. The eggplant parmesan was whole baby eggplants breaded and fried covered in a delicious sauce and fresh mozzarella and was tremendous. I want to go back and try everything, but when I go I will order the cheesecake again because it was that good!Delicious fresh pasta and wine on tap. Great vibe as well, albeit a bit loud. Friendly staff.Happy to have another terrific addition to the neighborhood!
We got the meatballs, calamari, and garlic bread to start. The meatballs were awesome (very small!) and the calamari was good as well. Probably would try something else next time instead of the calamari since it didn't knock my socks off. The garlic bread was awesome.
Then the pasta. Oh the pasta. After just coming back from Italy I was expecting for it not to compare, but it was actually really good and you could tell it was fresh. The sauces were also super flavorful. The service was excellent as well.
As far as prices go it was about what you'd expect. I didn't leave feeling over the top full like most Italian places, so if you're looking for something like that I don't recommend. But if you're looking for a good ambiance, normal portions, great drinks & menu, then I definitely recommend! We'll be back!!The food was overpriced and okay at best. I would much rather have spent my dinner picking up fresh pasta from Talluto's. I have never seen pasta plates so small before. Even the garlic bread was a normal piece of bread cut into two pieces. I really am disappointed that I didn't like this place. I was looking forward to it given all the hype on social media.Food was really great. 
Small restaurant with a good wine list. Unique decor. 
Definitely recommend the potatoes. Bruschetta wasn't anything special to me - too small of a portion.  They offer different types of bruschetta but I would just skip it. 
If you like spicy definitely try the Roman egg drop soup - it is delicious. 
We tried two pastas and they were both great. Seems like the staple was the rigatoni which was good - had a little kick to it. 
We also tried the Cacio and Pepe and it was also tasty. 
Dessert options were solid and we had the chocolate raspberry bar - delicious. 
Service was a little slow overall.. took way too long for food to come out considering it's pasta. 
Definitely a good new restaurant to check out with a unique feel.Atmosphere and decorations are v cute.
Food is pretty good! I made reservations on their website/resy and we ordered the mushroom bruschetta as an appetizer and it was delicious. We also each ordered our own pasta, campanelle and rigatoni. Disclaimer, the rigatoni is spicy - but still delicious with pancetta and chicken (not a lot meat though). The campanelle was a bit bland with heavy shrimp flavor. 
I would probably come back and try something else - the table next to us got the chicken francaise and it smelled AMAZING. 
All in all, it was an alright experience - server was really nice.It was Okay. Garlic Butter Bruschetta was amazing is you love bread. Meatballs tasted like regular meatballs, nothing to exciting. Pasta was pretty okay. Nothing to Rave about. Service was less than to be desired. Very short with me for some reason and it wasn't that busy. I'm a former server so I understand but I expected better.We are so excited about this new addition to Queen Village. We went on one of their first weekends and it did not disappoint! The pasta was incredible (I got the cacio pepe and my partner got the rigatoni). It was perfectly cooked and tasted very fresh. Our cocktails were excellent and we had some of the house red wine that was delicious. Atmosphere is very cool, and service was great (especially considering they're still a very new operation). Very welcome addition to the neighborhood and looking forward to returning!We waited way too long to indulge this spot! I haven't been to this restaurant since it was the previous restaurant and Pelago did a pop up. Cute smaller restaurant but still enough room between tables where you won't be in peoples conversations.... unless you really tried to be. Could not stop looking at the mural closer to the entrance with the different Cry Baby Logos. Okay okay enough of the decor.. onto the food.
Ordered the garlic butter on toast because why wouldn't you have garlic bread at the table to dip into the sauce of your pasta. Charred just enough to not be burnt and that's just how I like it.
Entrees: I ordered the Ricotta Cavatelli and my bf ordered the Rigatoni. Beautiful presentation, portions were just right where we were full but not falling asleep at the table from getting the itis. Satisfied and finished every little crumb. We will be back!Last night was my second time at cry baby. The amazing thing is that both times I've gone I've run into people I know! It's obviously a popular meeting place for super cool people! :) 
I took my mom last night before we headed off to Hamilton and we decided to share a few plates. We started with the appetizer special which was burrata (YUM) w/ tomato jam and mortadella with a pistachio pesto and some pan fried pizza dough triangles. Guys - woah this was delicious, the tomato jam was sweet like a strawberry jam and paired perfectly with the rest of the plate. My mom got the butternut squash soup - I tried a spoon and it was wonderful! She loved the addition of the balsamic and pumpkin seeds swirled in. Moving on to MORE cheese because you HAVE to get a bruschetta. We went with the classic bufalo Mozz. Always good...always! 
For the main we shared the tagitelle pasta. The pasta is perfectly done with the right amount of sauce. So great, so, so great!
The first time I went with one of my more health conscious friends who loves to share. We got a couple underwhelming dishes like the Caesar salad - it's fine..an artichoke dish - not good..it's either not on the menu anymore or was a special. I would not recommend. However we also tried the meatballs...now those are fantastic - they give you so much ricotta with them..and as we've learned in this post - I love my cheese!
Service is wonderful I actually had the same server both times - Kristina. She's lovely, super friendly and very attentive! I love that it is a family friendly, fast, elevated-casual spot. I'm dying to go with a more adventurous eater or just dine solo at the bar so I can get a few dishes I've been waiting to try!I was really excited to try this restaurant and finally made it there. The place looks pretty similar to how it did when it was Ela, but had some fun touches added in. The service was fine and the menu selection satisfying. Unfortunately, the portions were so incredibly small that after dinner, instead of ordering dessert, we ended up ordering another round of appetizers. While the prices were seemingly lower than I would've expected, they were not so low as to set my expectations for the infant-sized servings offered. As a table of four, we literally had to order six of their meatball appetizers throughout the course of the evening. That seems crazy to me and should be a clear sign to the establishment to manage their portions more realistically.Cool spot, wine selection was good and apps were great but for a place that has pasta in their name....not impressed. Squid ink pasta wasn't very flavorful and the orecchiette was very salty.....meh 
The egg drop soup was waaay salty.
I felt the food portions were small (for the money spent) and I left hungry.
Generally I was underwhelmed 
However in all fairness it seems to be a thriving place with happy customers.This was a very interesting place. I really liked the decorations on the inside - very modern and funky, and in tune with modern day tunes of Billie Eilish and Halsey (imagine that, but in art form). There were cry baby gumballs outside, and even pins. It was a cool place. 
The food was also very good, and well priced for the portions. My friends and I all got different food items, and they were all delicious.Attempt #3, for dinner.  First 2 places fully booked (hint :Israeli and Morrocan places). Great service, delicious from start to finish.  Ordered arugula salad, off the charts for originality.  Meatballs fantastic.  Chicken franchaise, delicious! Service again, excellent! Old fashioned drink good as well. Gina our waitress very welcoming.  Thanks Cry Baby!Disappointed! Went in early, 5pm for a bite to eat and a little wine at the bar! Found the bartender to be unfriendly in the beginning of ordering and towards the end of the evening a bit rude. Appetizers and wine were good. No complaints! I ordered pasta pomodoro and my boyfriend ordered the special, pasta with crab meat. The pasta pomodoro was incredibly salty! When I mentioned this to the bartender he said, they must have added too much salt to the pasta water! That was it and walked away! Think of rinsing your mouth with salt water...same taste. The pasta with crab meat, had little flavor and the pasta was cooked uneven! We only complained about the salty meal so it wasn't like we were complaining about everything. The atmosphere seemed offish if you were not a regular! Odd! Nothing was done about my extra salty meal. Found this place to be over-rated! This was our second time there, first time was ok (note I said ok) but I'm still not buying all the hype regarding Cry Baby! Unsure if I'll return!Loved everything!!!! The food was great! The sardine bruschetta was soooooooo good!!!! The service was awesome!! (Thanks Jan!) And I just love the design with all the wood. The music was perfect too!!!
Will be back very soon!!!!!!I have a severe shellfish allergy and my niece is gluten free.
 We were surprised & delighted that our server had created this menu for us, having seen the notes on our reservations. It highlighted items that we could order safely. Bravo!First the hostess had no social skills with customers was very rude. Then sat down and table next to us sat after and had there order and drink order taken first.  Pasta was just ok.Went to Cry Baby for a date night to try a new restaurant (why not a BRAND new one), and had a really good time.
Got a Caesar salad and Meatballs as the appetizer. Salad was so good that a meat lover as myself even ate some. Meatballs wear very tasty, but a little small portion, but for an appetizer couldn't complain at all!
For the entree I got the Rigatoni (pictured), and my GF got the Campanelie. Portions were good, but you more or less need an appetizer if you want a full meal. We both had room for desert, which is usually not the case, but hey, a few less pasta calories never hurt anyone. 
Rigatoni has some AWESOME, flavor and really was my favorite part of the meal. A slightly spicy sauce with perfect pasta with a glass of the Nero wine was perfect!
The campanelie had a nice texture with the broccoli rabe and breadcrumbs adding to the creamy texture of the sauce. Not my cup of tea, but if you like the flavor of the broccoli rabe you'd enjoy it much more than me.
Wait staff is relatively new figuring out the restaurant  with you, but we had no problems. A little pricey for the serving sizes and neighborhood, but overall totally worth it.This was our first visit to Cry Baby and all 3 of us were excited to try different things. We arrived around 5 on Sunday, a half hour before our reservation. We were directed to a table in a small rear room near the kitchen, even though there were mostly open tables in the main dining room. We requested and were then given a table in the main room, and had a wonderful waitress who was very knowledgeable and helpful with our wine selections - even offering samples. Our salads were good - especially my arugula salad which I would highly recommend. Beware the eggplant parm though - turned out to be a small smoked eggplant, which was deep fried - and most disappointing was the fact that the stem was not removed but rather disguised by the deep fried breading. My first several bites were woody and confusing, and couldn't be swallowed - I grow eggplants and soon figured out the issue - would have appreciated having the stem and cap trimmed off! Also think the menu should have mentioned the eggplant was smoked - it's a distinct taste that not everyone likes. One friend had the squid pasta with clams and found it "just okay". The tagliatelle with bolognese was enjoyed by my other friend, but she noted it was more a creamy sauce than the usual tomato based sauce. In the end, we decided that we were not impressed overall and wouldn't be back.Wonderful experience for dinner tonight! Met a friend and sat at the bar for drinks and dinner. We ordered the arugula salad to share and the cacio Pepe spaghetti and the tagliatelle. Everything was high quality and delicious! Great service from the bartender and his trainee and very nice check ins from the staff. Will definitely be coming back!My family and I went here for dinner last night and we were disappointed. I made a reservation about a week in advance and was pretty excited to go since the restaurant's exterior looked interesting, and because I love pasta. 
For the shares, we got the meatballs, fritto misto and chicken liver bruschetta. The meatballs and fritto misto were mediocre. Honestly, the meatballs taste like the ones you would get from school lunch. The chicken liver bruschetta was the best out of the three. Then for pasta we got the cacio pepe, orrechiette, linguine, and rigatoni. The orrechiette and linguine lacked flavor. The cacio pepe had too much black pepper. I liked the rigatoni the most out of the four pastas because it was the most flavorful, but it could have used some more sauce.
Also, the music in the restaurant was way too loud - it's probably because the speaker was right above our table. It sucked because my family and I couldn't hear each other and it was hard to have a conversation. Plus, the music selection was weird and did not go with the ambiance at all. Their restrooms are really gross too; they're super cramped and dirty, which is confusing since CBP is a nicer restaurant so you'd expect the restrooms to be clean and not grimy.
Overall, I wouldn't go back to CBP. I liked the decor and our waitress, but the food and ambiance weren't that great.Tuesday night dinner with the neighbors! 
3Cacio e Pepe- The dish was missing flavor aside from the abundance of cracked pepper. This dish was better the next day after some of the flavors had time to breathe.
3Rigatoni with Vodka sauce, Pancetta, Smoked Chicken, and Cherry Peppers- Pasta was lacking a good mix of the ingredients.
5Peach & Blueberry Crostada w/vanilla gelato, cinnamon biscotti crumble- Crostada was perfectly warmed with the blueberry and peaches, with the cold touch of vanilla gelato was delicious. Please note, this is not real Italian gelato but ice cream, still good vanilla!
5Butterscotch Budino w/graham crumbs, butterscotch pudding, and caramel sauce. This little bundino was bursting with flavor in every small bite!
Overall would give the experience a 4! Unfortunately the pasta was a little disappointing  and lacking a few things that could have made both of these dishes killer!! Dessert made the night!Really great experience. Food was very flavorful and just a perfect amount (definitely need an appetizer to share though). Only thing was we had to wait almost a half hour even though we had a reservation. Overall great restaurant.send noods, lots and lots of noods please.  ;-)
came here for an early dinner with my friends without a reservation as soon as they opened.  while they were all booked, they were able to fit the 3 of us in.  the space is quite cute and quickly started to fill up while we ordered.
we got the following to try:
-caesar salad: fresh, right amount of dressing, watch out for the whole anchovy!  lol.  mix it up and then enjoy.
-fritto misto:  one of my favorite things to order at italian restaurants and this one didn't disappoint.  calamari, smelt, and rock shrimp were all lightly coated and fried, served with lemon dill sauce.  there's also shishito peppers in the mix and we loved it too.  
-orecchiette:  the vegetarian pasta selection, with broccoli rabe and bread crumb (love it!), it tasted ok but didn't blew me away.
-rigatoni:  lots of smoked chicken, al dente pasta, tasty sauce, but slightly salty for my preference.
-tagliatelle:  good bolognese sauce, but very oily and again, too salty.
-chocolate panna cotta: good portion size, panna cotta had perfect texture, but i didn't care for the balsamic caramel.
-l'ecclese (not sure of the exact name):  a cocktail made with mezcal, good smoky notes and quite strong.  not bad!
despite some small flaws, we really liked the place.  it's casual, but well-prepared food, decent portions, great service.  overall, a good dinner with friends and will recommend to others too.
ps.  reservations highly recommended!Yass I think I found my new favorite neighborhood joint!
Cry Baby Pasta is simple, straightforward Italian food, refined in taste and presentation.  Menu is just right - not too much and not too skimpy.  Don't come here with expectations of massive South Philly slop portions.  It's a PROPER serving of pasta.  Trust me, I like a big ol' bowl of carbload like the next person, but sometimes it's nice to not feel pressured to finish or have to take a doggy bag home (especially when it's a late dinner and you're going out somewhere immediately after).
With that said, next time I come, I'm ordering a ton of apps and wine for the table and going that route.  We started with the grilled artichoke, smoked ricotta/mushroom bruschetta and the arugula salad, and then each got the tagliatelle bolognese for entrees. Everything was absolutely delicious (although I will say the very tasty bite of artichoke was pretty small to be considered a shareable appetizer, so it left me wanting more). The arugula salad was perfect.  Our tagliatelles were dope and perfectly portioned.  I've never seen or tasted a bolognese of that variety, almost like a blush/cream vodka sauce. I said to my BF: "I mean this is the nicest way possible...this reminds me of Hamburger Helper."  But like ELEVATED.  If HH went to Cambridge and got all bougie.  Effin' delicious.
But we both agreed that the best part was the bruschetta...it was FANTASTIC.  Plus, they have a few different varieties to choose from and I want to go back to try them all.  My mouth was watering for it the next day, and still is.  In fact, it was so good, instead of dessert we ordered the buffalo mozzarella bruschetta AFTER our entrees cause we needed another taste. The mushroom one was oh so salty and smoky and the honey drizzle on mozzarella one was a delight.  Both  were creamy and crunchy - truly the perfect bite.  Would I classify it as "bruschetta"?  Probably not.  But a damn good appetizer nonetheless.
We paired our meals with really good red and white wine (the menu is expansive in this area) and plus, our server was on point even for the super busy Saturday night crowd.  Prices were reasonable for the quality of what you're getting.  Will definitely return!The food was great.  The pasta cooked perfectly.  The rigatoni vodka was my favorite, which I did not expect.  
The cocktails were not our favorite though.  Two out of the 4 we got were just not good.  I'd definitely go back, but may stick to wine/beer.First time at Cry Baby and won't be the last one ! Delicious food and an incredible service.  We had the garlic butter toast which is a must ! My husband had the mushroom truffle pasta omg delixi ! I had the squid and mussels pasta also very good but I will order the mushroom truffle next time for sure . We went on a Friday night make a reservation otherwise you will have to eat someplace else. We will Be back soonAbsolutely amazing. Food was spectacular, staff nice, atmosphere friendly. Highly recommend.An incredible Italian Restaurant. I enjoyed the arugula salad, bruschetta mozzarella, and rigatoni pasta. For dessert, I had the gelato. The place is beautiful, and the wait staff was very attentive. I highly recommend Cry Baby Pasta.Pasta was exceptional.  The pepper spaghetti is a must. Garlic bread was excellent. We had 5 plates and everything was five stars. Bonus - the food comes out lighting quick. We were in and out in under a hour so it's great for a casual meal or if your limited for time. Service was perfect and very accommodating for our 8 month old.My friends and I tried Cry Baby for the first time last night and it was delightful experience! Our server was very knowledgeable about the wine and the food. We ordered several items to share between the 3 of us, and our server staggered the dishes perfectly so we never had too much at our table at one time. We ordered the tomato/mozzarella bruschetta, garlic toast, meatballs, oriechhette pasta, and branzino. We weren't crazy about the fish, but everything else was delicious. No leftovers - we ate it all. Dessert was delicious too - we ordered the chocolate mousse cake and a blueberry crumble with gelato dessert. I will be back.Cry Baby has the atmosphere you want for a late Friday night dinner with a diverse group of Philadelphians. The pastas are homemade, portioned perfectly, and the drinks are exceptional.The first time I visited was pre-pandemic and the restaurant was uniquely cozy. It was a great place for girls night and we all enjoyed sharing apps and bottles of wine. I absolutely loved the smoked chicken rigatoni, but the portion was small. Decided to give another shot this week, and came to the conclusion that while I love the energy Cry Baby brings to the neighborhood, the prices with respect to the VERY small portion sizes of the pasta dishes seem downright unfair. I think offering some bread and oil free of charge would make the small pasta dishes less offensive. My boyfriend and I will have to make a habit of eating before we go so we do not leave hungry. Last time we shared the garlic butter bruschetta (reasonably priced at $3) both got pasta dishes, and still left wishing we had gotten more with our entrees. I got a gnocchi special with steamed clams which was a bit salty but still delicious, however, the dish came with 10 or 12 PIECES of pasta. A bit disappointing for $18 especially when pasta is so inexpensive to make. He got the cacio e pepe and while it was only $12 it was portioned for a small child. The wine list is fabulous, cocktails are great & the servers are fantastic. I am glad to see the place thriving and they are doing a great job navigating through the challenges of social distancing and outdoor dining. Overall dining at Cry Baby is a pleasant experience & we will likely be back (because he lives on the same block) but not without a hearty snack beforehand!I really enjoyed the food and cocktails here. My husband and I didn't order much, as we sat at the bar and weren't very hungry, but we split the rigatoni and garlic bread and it was really good! I'm looking forward to coming back and trying out a few more dishes. 
Honestly though, I think I have a bigger crush on the decor and branding, more than I do the food - and that alone will keep me coming back. I mean how cool is the name?! It's definitely a cute addition for the neighborhood and the perfect little date spot!My husband was so excited to bring me here as he raved about prior meals here. Situated in a cute neighborhood, this is a smaller restaurant but it doesn't feel cramped inside. Really bright and bustling vibe. 
We ordered a few bruschetta (chicken liver and mushroom w/ricotta)and calamari. While I loved the toppings on the bruschetta, I thought the bread was too thick for a bruschetta. But the bread seemed like it was a good homemade bread. The calamari was yummy.
I ordered the branzino with clams and was so excited as I love branzino. My fish came out promptly although my husband's took a really long time to come out. We were mostly finished by the time his food came out. 
My branzino dish looked amazing (see my pic) but it had a really bad burnt taste. I tried eating it with other things on the dish, to minimize the taste, and kept trying to eat it hoping it would somehow get better. I asked my husband to try it and he agreed it tasted really burnt. I can probably count on 1 hand how many times in the last few years I have asked for my food to be corrected, and this was one of them. 
When I tried my 2nd version, it looked delicious but still tasted very burnt. My husband said it had to be related to the grills which needed to be cleaned. I didn't send it back (since it wouldn't fix the issue) nor ask for it to be taken off the bill. It's a bummer because we spent a lot of $ on our meal to be dissatisfied. On a side note, my daughter ordered the cacio pepe and I kept stealing bites off her plate. (I'm not even a pasta person). That dish was pretty good. If I ever go back, I would probably order it.This was the second time I dined here. The meatballs were very expensive, the size of marbles, and did not have much flavor. My husband and I are both keto so we both ordered the chicken and it was also expensive, tiny, flavorless, and mushy. We will not be back. The place is nice looking and our server was fine but the prices are just not justified.I made a reservation after seeing their tortellini en brodo featured in Philadelphia Magazines Best in Philly. I love tortellini en brodo and was willing to order in the heat of summer. Unfortunately the dish was rather disappointing. The broth was not flavorful and the tortellini were undercooked. Luckily some other dishes we ordered made up for this fail. In particular the two standout dishes were the heirloom tomato panzanella and the rigatoni. I loved the gigante beans in the salad and the smoked chicken and cherry tomatoes in the rigatoni . Be warned the porchetta is not cooked in a traditional manner. It is fried and crispy from pork belly. If you are looking for the traditional roasted porchetta, I would skip this dish. It's also not described that way on the menu. In fact if you are looking for traditional Italian this is probably not the place for you. I enjoyed the eggplant parm but it definitely was not traditional. The wines by the glass were excellent and the table enjoyed the chocolate dessert that was ordered to share. Will go back.A perfect place for a Sunday evening comfort meal in February is Cry Baby Pasta in Queen Village,  This stylish but still warm décored restaurant makes its own pastas and does a wonderful job at that.  Getting together with a couple of friends after a Sunday matinee theatre performance, Cry Baby was an excellent choice - with just one misstep.
The misstep for me came early.  I ordered the tortellini en brodo to begin my meal.  This soup was only okay at best - served totally lukewarm rather than hot with a portion size that was extremely small for thirteen dollars.  I could have def used a little more flavor as well. Fortunately the meal got better from there.  One friend loved her spaghetti pomodoro, the fritto misto was fried lightly and came out perfectly, and my rigatoni with vodka sauce and pancetta hit the spot.  Service was friendly and we were all happy we stopped in at this Queen Village eatery.  But I will never order the tortellini en brodo again.Overrated and I wouldn't dare consider this "Italian" food.  space is nice, cocktails are decent. Dishes are American at best and pretty hit or miss. Just because they serve pasta, doesn't make it Italian. #factcheckThe drinks here were very good! The service was pretty average and the food was about the same. The tortellini was good but not worth $13. The bruschetta was very burnt and that masked all of the other flavors - also not worth $8 for two pieces. The linguine with squid ink was odd. The clams were tasty but the linguine itself was weird texturally. The saving grace of the meal was the tagliatelle which was amazing. Overall don't think the meal was worth the price but it wasn't the worst meal I've ever had. 
Might go back but not for a while.We had a lovely early evening dinner at Cry Baby Pasta with no wait thanks to reservations. The servings are very large making ordering family style a little tight if you don't order a pasta or main dish per person at the table. The smaller portions did make it enjoyable though because sometimes too much pasta can make you end your night early. We enjoyed multiple appetizers, pastas, and a main dish which were all fresh and delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to friends in the area and the cocktails are also delicious!Cry Baby Pasta "made me cry" tears of disappointment.  The food was very underwhelming everything tasted as if came from a frozen bag. The meat balls were flavorless, the Fritto Misto was salty and the charred broccoli wasn't half bad. The saving grace was the mezcal cocktail. Sadly cry baby pasta misses the mark terribly w/ food of this caliber I don't see it lasting very long.I really wanted to fall in love with Cry Baby Pasta, and I almost did.
The design is beautiful - really charming and cute graphics. I loved the space itself.
I went with 3 friends and we ordered the meatballs, crispy potatoes and garlic butter bruschetta to start. All were delicious - although I was disappointed that the meatballs were so small.
I had the cacio pepe (why isn't it called cacio e pepe on the menu, which is the authentic italian name for the dish?). It was good, but it wasn't the best pasta i've ever had. That being said, I would definitely go back to try other dishes.
The reason I'm giving three stars is because our night was ruined when our waitress came up to us and told us that a table nearby asked us to quiet down. What?! The restaurant was VERY loud in and of itself. Every table was full and it is a small space, it is loud in there. We were very disappointed that 1. the table made the waitress ask us for them and 2. that the waitress didn't defend our good time to the table. We were so put off by this that we bailed on getting dessert and went elsewhere. Bummer.Cry Baby is fantastic!  Whether you're looking for a night out of excellent Italian cuisine or meeting friends for drinks and appys, this place has it covered.   In addition to the wonderful management and staff, the space is warm and inviting.  We tried several dishes, all very tasty with some really unique flavors...no disappointments.  The meatballs (w/ smoked ricotta) and grilled artichokes were delicious...the best I've had.  The rigatoni (w/ smoked chicken) was another stand out, as was the branzino my wife ordered.  You can get wine, beer and cocktails at the bar (great before or after dinner).   On top of it all, it's very reasonably priced.  Great vibe and fun people.   Definitely a spot to try.5 stars to offset all the haters.  It's actually really good homemade pasta.  Cool bar, with an interesting vibe.  I'd highly recommend if you're in the neighborhood.Very disappointed. I was excited for this restaurant to open as it seemed like a good addition to the area. However the serving size and price make it bot worth it. 
I attended the soft opening on New Years Eve for a drink and talked to the the owner and manager who were very friendly. They mentioned the downfall of the previous restaurant at this location (Ella) and how it didn't work because they charged high prices for the area and they assured me that they wouldn't do that and keep it more affordable. 
Fastfoward a month when I went here for my birthday with my girlfriend. It was pretty loud in there but there were a lot of people in there but some acoustical panels or something to help with all the hard surfaces bouncing noise around would help. The food portions where also very small and expensive, nothing like the owners and manager said it would be like. Not to mention the menu was very limited but that may have been due to being new. 
I ordered a tortellini and was very disappointed. While the food was good I got about 8 small pieces of pasta for about $18 which is absurd. Also my girlfriend who doesn't eat meat was stuck with the pasta pomadoro because that was the only non meat pasta they offered and could not make changes to other items. We ordered 2 glasses of wine, an appetizer, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts total and the bill came out to being close to $100 for 2 people. For such small portions I feel like we were ripped off. 
I'm extremely disappointed and had high hope's for this place but was severely let down. While the food was good I definitely won't be going back till the price or portion size issues are addressed. I have also talked to others who have been here and have heard similar things and others I have told about my experience where similarly disappointed and will wait to go here until the issues are addressedI was super excited to come here after seeing a photo of the squid ink pasta on Instagram. My office decided to come here for dinner one night and unfortunately, we all felt as though the food here left quite a lot to be desired. We ordered nearly the whole menu and it was all lacking flavor. I think a few more pinches of salt would go a longggg way here. Other than that, the restaurant itself is really nice and cozy. I was also impressed with how great the service was for our large group. For that, I give 3 stars.Really liked the cozy atmosphere and the service was excellent but food was average. We started with Tuscan bean soup, caesar salad  and meatballs. They were all decent but nothing to write home about. Plus, the meatball portion was small for the price. Since the openers were disappointing, we figured the pasta would be the star of the show. Alas, more of the same. My wife had the spaghetti cacio e pepe and I had the pomodora. Nothing special and didn't taste like it was made in-house, and not because we just returned from two weeks in Italy. I've had much better in Philly. Also, it would have been nice to have a couple bottles of wine in the mid $30 range. Cheapest bottle was $40. But the one we had was excellent. Overall, a bit disappointing based on Craig Laban's review. Doubt I'll go back.So I really wanted to give this place 3.5 stars (Yelp, please add an option for half points!), but I decided to round to a 3. 
I have been meaning to try this place out for a while, and had already decided to get the orecchiette with broccoli rabe before stepping foot into the restaurant. We started the meal with some seasonal starters, including a chilled corn soup and fried cauliflower. The corn soup was awesome: creamy and almost coconutty. The cauliflower was perfectly crispy without being greasy, and came with a roasted pepper topping and toasted almonds. Honestly, I wish there was more roasted pepper to tie it all together, but it was still great. I then got the orecchiette to share. Here were the good parts: the pasta was perfectly cooked, and had a delicious toasted breadcrumb topping that served as a great juxtaposition to the soft pasta. Here were the not so good parts: the broccoli rabe was bitter (I know, I know...that's how it is supposed to be...but it needs to be balanced by something creamy or something cheesy), the whole dish was not seasoned enough with salt or pepper, and the cheese in the dish was barely present. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing, because a friend ordered the rigatoni with smoked chicken and loved it. 
So...the ambiance was great, the starters were great, my particular entree of pasta was not great...but I'm willing to try again. Stay tuned for a review of the cacio e pepe.I've loved other restaurants that have occupied this spot. I wanted to love Cry Baby too. The night we went, the dining room was packed -- so much so that it was hard to maneuver between tables. Our waitress was friendly and my rhubarb-based cocktail was excellent and unique. We started with one of the toasts (delicious, but tiny -- shares with four people, it came to a bite per person). and the roasted potatoes with pesto. They were fine, but seven dollars seemed excessive for a handful of micro-potatoes and a dollop of so-so pesto. The pastas were just okay -- the cacio e pepe was watery, the same bland pesto showed up on the noodles. The chicken francese was tasty, but the portion was tiny. The best main course was the pork ragu, which was tender and flavorful...but again, a small portion for the price, served with lukewarm polenta and greens. The torta was a delicious dessert. I only wish the rest of the meal was as good.Simple sublime from original cocktails to a stunning fresh-pasta based menu - very upbeat, casual and cozy - food is exceptional!  Great atmosphere too!The rigatoni is definitely their best dish. My girlfriend ordered one of their dishes that was something like risotto and she didn't like it so the waiter was more than happy to give her the rigatoni instead at no extra cost, so that was nice. Decor and vibe is great very modern. The reason for 3 stars is that the portions are small for the price, the music was way too loud and interrupted our conversation a couple times, and someone from my group sent back their dish bc it wasn't good. All 3 other people at the table tried it and recoiled, so I think something was wrong with it and at excellent restaurants you can get anything on the menu and it should taste good enough to eat. That said, it's not an excellent restaurant and won't be going back but glad I tried it.First time out of quarantine and this is where we landed.  Outstanding grilled artichokes, yummy drinks and delicious chilled corn soup.  We'll be back.