The first taste of Cuba Libre I took was last year at the Atlantic City location.  For those familiar with the prices, quality, and menu items, this one is the same, aside from what is on the menu.  For this reason, I recommend planning accordingly by 1. Making a reservation, and 2. looking up the menu beforehand.
One tip:  Unlike Atlantic City, this location is smaller, yet it does have an upstairs.  With this said, there is a single unisex bathroom next to the bar and the other is upstairs.  I'm not taking off a star for this, although you will wait on a busy night.
We reserved our table for 7 PM which in restaurant lore is a practically untouchable hour.  Our time saver was the parking lot across the street.  
Anyone who has ever been to any Cuba Libre *knows* that (certain) entrees are large enough for sharing.  Our party decided on the small plates over the entrees to accommodate later plans in the area.  We had the following:
Grilled octopus, spring rolls, Guava ribs, and Yuca fries.  Despite the next available table being 10 PM, our food was served within 20 minutes of our order. 
The Yuca fries include a cilantro aioli which is a great accompaniment and aren't served so piping hot that you can't enjoy the taste. Highly recommend!  The spring rolls are stuffed with salami and other meats, although there are only two on this plate for $8.  I was looking forward to the grilled octopus which was updated from a previous dish with eggplant salad to a mango/tomato salad.  Our waitress was gracious enough to suggest the eggplant since she could tell I was not a fan of the new version.  And last but not least, the Guava ribs.  These completely blew me away. You can see in the picture how plump they are which reminded me of the ribs Victory makes with Golden Monkey sauce.  I have found the rival to those and whatever they make the sauce with besides Guava, I hope they keep doing.
All in all, our table was impressed with the selections.  Out of how filling, the ribs are the most, even if you want to take them home to savor.  Next time my party comes here, we're returning for the dancing later on ;)Went here to dance and have a few drinks. Place was crowded fine no problem it's a saturday, but the bartender up stairs was aweful. She was more interested in dancing more than serving, waited 15 mins to order a drink and she totally ignored us. We left, couldn't get a single drink order equals bad bartenders l, I would say get a new one for upstairs and get rid of the dancing queen she's costing your place money or hire jack tapper to fix the placeStepping into the center of this restaurant feels like entering into the middle of a jungle. The atmosphere here is pretty fantastic. Trellises, vines, and wonderful lighting really set the scene for a great dining experience.
I visited Cuba Libre last weekend for brunch with a group of ten. Our server, Melissa, was sweet and helpful as can be. The service through the entire meal was impeccable, even though we were a large, chatty, and distracted table. Plates came out with wonderful timing, and we never felt rushed. Every plate was a hit. I wasn't starving, so I opted for just two: the crab cake with poached egg (perfect: crispy, savory, doused with an amazing oozing yolk), and guacamole (oddly sweet with chunks of pineapple and nicely crunchy plantains). The girls next to me both had baby octopus as one of their dishes and said that they were great. 
Olde City is an area that I generally avoid...but Cuba Libre brunch was a pleasant surprise!Accommodating to all special requests. Awesome service, chill environment. I was able to sit beside my husband and customize my paella. We love this place in Atlantic city and this location def lives up to its reputation.The restaurant definitely doubles as a dance club. The main dining area is located on the dance floor surrounded by the second floor balcony. The decor is fantastic and I could just imagine hearing the Latin music beats. The waiters and waitresses were all extremely friendly, attentive and helpful to our large group as we celebrated a friend's birthday.
The guacamole, served with long banana chips, had a unique tropical flavor. It was extremely good with a slight sweetness from perhaps mango. I would rate the specific dish that I had, but they change the menu about every 6 months. The food is good although I feel like it lacked proper seasoning, the pulled beef was cooked well and was tender. And if you feel like you can't make a decision, the tapas will definitely fill you up and give you a good selection of food.I don't remember  lot about my meal but the sinful mango butter that they serve with the complementary bread was devine.  On weekends get the last table sitting and stay till the place turns into a dance club (=good mojitos and salsa dancing.)Took the family here for mother's day brunch.  The atmosphere/ambience is great!  It gave you a relaxing feel while dining here.  We started off ordering the breakfast breads as an appetizer.  Mmm all the breads that came out were delicious as with the fruit spread and mango butter.  I had a Cafe Cuba Libre to drink as well, which is Cuban coffee with coconut milk and spiked with rum.  That was tasty as well.  The meal I ordered was the Cuban sandwich which was one of the tastiest Cuban's I have had.  I'm not a fan of pickles, but when they're in a Cuban, I like them...and this Cuban was fantastic.  Definitely check this place out!Went on Saturday night.  Be prepared to spend $18 on parking. Drinks were good and about 10-12 each.
The Cuban sandwich was good. Worth 19.50? Not really.  My girlfriend got some tapas dishes. Those were not great. Very bleh. Plus they were all fried.  She was very disappointed. Also, the chips and 3 dips had soo few chips that barely used half the dip, then charged 3 bucks more for 4 more CHIPS.  
Our table was also next to 2 bathrooms and the kitchen on the first floor. I overheard some people who worked there talking about our tables who said they shouldn't be there.  No kidding we watched everyone who went to the bathroom.  Very romantic view....Lol. I get it was busy but don't add tables outside the bathroom to compensate.this is what's wrong w/ sweet drinks..its sweet and it hides the alcohol flavors in your cocktail and you feel like you're just inhaling liquid candy..
ok, perhaps i'm exaggerating a little bit..
i didn't inhale liquid candy
i just..
consumed 2 glasses of classic mojitos in less than 10 minutes.
oh wait. no no, that's my friend...
i was good and ate my ribs for the first 5 minutes. THEN i finished my two glasses of mojitos in...15 minutes.. see how i'm good @ pacing myself? 
as for the service, our bartender was friendly & sweet and obviously made a great drink. but they wouldn't seat us in the patio/ dining room because we weren't having dinner...
uh...excuse me..who has dinner @ 3pm?!?!
either way. good food. good drinks. but someone should tell that lady that eating dinner @ 3 in the afternoon is just ridiculous...Not from philly. Walking by, checked yelp and decided to trust the reviews. Good move. 
Try the meatballs - awesome. 
Empanadas - tasty but just a bit bready
Sausage - outstanding
Bread with mango butter - omg
Mojitos- peach is ok, raspberry is wicked
Recommend the place. Ryan the server is very willing to help and suggest.I'm going to start out this review by saying don't drink the mojitos because if you have one, you might end up drinking at least twenty.
Needless to say, Cuba Libre has the BEST mojitos I've ever had. Albeit, I'm not a huge drinker and therefore not experienced in fancy shmancy drinks but I can never have just one mojito here. I get at LEAST one mango, one passionfruit, and one pomegranate mojito each visit. At least. But I try not to come here often for that reason--my wallet couldn't handle it. The place is kinda pricey, especially considering it's a chain, and the portion sizes aren't significant.
Now the food. Soooo good! Appetizer wise, they have plantain chips served with a mango guacamole that I need to get every time. Need. It's so good. There's also this warm bread with a cinnamon/sugar/butter spread (something like that?) that's also delicious. The need to bottle that spread and sell it on the grocery stores. I would definitely stock my cabinets with it.
The last two times I was there I ordered the Shrimp con Mojo entree. Absolutely delicious. The flavors hit your tongue at just the right spot and blend together so nicely. 
Overall, the ambiance and decor is nice. It could have been cheesy, but I think it looks pretty good. Two floors with a bar on each. Only docked a star for price. Everything else is top notch, including the excellent waitstaff. Good place for date night (and mojitos!)Absolutely the best Mojitos in the city... unfortunately it is hit or miss as to whether they are strong or weak.  Still, the atmosphere more than makes up for the occasional weak drink and pushes Cuba Libre into 4-star territory.I think they are trying to turn a new leaf because we went for their unlimited pequenos brunch and it was great! It was a slow morning but our waitress was still attentive and the manager asked us how we were doing. All the food that came out were great, and it was an extensive menu. We will definitely bring more people next time to sample more food. The reason why it wasn't perfect is because any additions seemed overpriced. $2.75 for a small soda? $8 for one piece of tres leche? That's alright. I'll be back with my crew on another weekend.
Recommended dishes: churros are to die for, skirt steak, spinach/manchego balls, eggs benedictI went to Cuba Libre for an event sponsored by my college for our Senior Week. For four years, I'd been hearing rumors about the world famous mojitos and salsa dancing, but never made it down to 2nd and Market until four days before I graduated.
I wasn't disappointed. Cuba Libre's decor has a fantastic, weathered 1940s Havana vibe with its lazily whirring paddle fans, large potted palms and cracked plaster walls. The upstairs bar includes an iron balcony, which looks over the main dining area that is cleared out at night to become a makeshift dance floor as a live DJ spins Latin music. I normally don't dance - I'm a white girl from Connecticut, there's only so much I can do - but even I couldn't resist. Thank God it was a Thursday night and a partially closed event, because if there had been real salsa professionals there, I would have been against the wall like a seventh grader at a semi-formal. 
God bless the bartenders, because the mojito is one of the most labor-intensive drinks out there. I'm a bit of a mojito snob, but I wasn't disappointed - the classic mojito ($9) was delicious, but for a real treat, go for the pomegranate mojito ($11). Pricey, yes, but absolutely refreshing and delicious.
I can't speak for the food, as we sampled one of the special events menus, but the passed hors d'oeuvres - I'm not a foodie, but I remember the empanadas, beef skewers, fried crab, and miniature mozzarella and spinach panini were all delicious and flavorful, and if they were any indication of the quality of Cuba Libre's regular dinner menu, then I might just have to move back to Philadelphia.Liked the food ( paella diss), but did not like how the bar was set up for seating. Odd.Had a wonderful time here for my friends birthday! Food was amazing, service was fantastic. They brought out free homemade ice cream with a candle for my friend without us asking! At the end of the meal, I called the manager over to thank him for a great time. Loved the atmosphere, felt like we were at a restaurant outside the city... No doubt.Great food, awesome atmosphere (you feel like you're in tropical Havana). 
The brunch menu claims each person should order 3-4, this is a joke. My boyfriend and I ordered 5 orders total and had way too much. I recommend 1-2 orders per person (good for your belt and your wallet).
Eggs benedict were terrific, outdoor/patio seating was perfect ambience for a May spring day with a mimosa.Was here on a Friday with a 5:30 reservation and the place was nearly empty, though perhaps this was due to the rain. Because of my chronic and incurable tendency to over-order stemming from indecisiveness, we saw the the "15 Tastes of Cuba" tasting menu as a  great remedy. Except not so much, as it turns out. I was unimpressed with the bread and mango butter. They must have greased the bread already and it just had a bitter, oily taste in my mouth. The first appetizer was plantain and taro chips with 3 different dips. The red salsa really just tasted like something from Tostito's, disappointing. There were more doughy, fried appetizers than I cared for including the empanadas and papa rellenas. Neither was very good, had way too much dough going on and the fillings were unimpressive. Things picked up a little with the entree tasters. The mahi mahi was accompanied by squid ink rice with actual pieces of squid in there, appreciated that. The shrimp was fresh and firm. The skirt steak was not overcooked but still quite chewy due to the cut. While a vast improvement to the appetizer round, the entrees were still not exactly anything to write to Yelp about. The sides were plain white rice, fried plantains (yet again), and some very basic beans. The portion of the sides were huge compared to the entrees we were getting, not sure what that is about. The dessert round included a dense flan and an unremarkable tres leche cake with chocolate mousse on top. The chocolate mousse tasted like store-bought chocolate pudding.
Additionally, since we had dinner reservations, we were not allowed to participate in happy hour discounts, meaning, six dollar corona bottle. We also ordered a half pitcher of sangria, blanco. Tasted fine, though it was practically fruit juice with just white wine and fresco and some diced up fruit. Smokin' Betty's has a great white sangria that's got much more kick with vodka, gin and brandy joining the party.
Despite the fact that the bar and restaurant never filled up even to the 40% mark, we had to wait between each round for a at least enough time for me to realize I was having to wait for mediocre food. Our waitress seemed unhappy and had the look of annoyance clearly written on her face. I would have easily tolerated attitude had the food been good but that department was disappointing too. Finally, though I do appreciate them coming to clean the table between the appetizer and the main course, I would have preferred a crumb scraper instead of the nasty rag she ran across the table in front of us. That was extremely unappetizing.This was my second trip to Cuba Libre. My first was to the one in Atlantic City. I found the one in Center City to be similar.
We went for Restaurant Week, so the deal was real good. There were four of us, so we split 8 different apps, since we get two each with the Restaurant Week deal. Everything we ordered was tasty.
I had pork for the entree and it was real good. Others at the table got the chicken and ravioli dishes. Everyone liked what they ordered.
The desert was okay too.
My only gripe is they have a policy where that either everyone at the table can order from the Restaurant Week menu or no one can. I find this to be a ridiculous policy. If you come with a party of 4 and one person is not feeling the Restaurant Week menu, the other 3 should not be screwed out of it.I am not sure why this place is not rated higher. It really is one of the better restaurants in Philly and is not THAT expensive. 
I am not that much of a drinker but their mojitos are so good that you just HAVE to get one. Dangerous though because you can barely taste the alcohol. Make sure you have a DD because it will be tough to resist having more mojitos.
I happen to love plantains, so anyplace that offers them to me without trying to be overly fancy about it gets my vote. The sweet plantains at Cuba Libre are exactly that. The Shrimp and Corn fandido was so good that my wife used her knife to scrape out every last bit from the earthen dish it was served in. 
The only downside was that their Empanadas were not that great. Good, just not as flavourful as everything else.This place was great! We did the tapas and had a variety of four different meals. The shrimp con queso app was great! Also the pineapple mojito is highly recommended!!!Great atmosphere, pretty good service, and okay food.
The chef definitely has some creativity (which is a must if you want to roll with Steven Starr), but the taste seems more like a sell out to the pop music of the food industry rather than a really good restaurant with excellent food. The one time I went my friends and I tried out the special 15 item tasting course since I thought that would provide a general feel for what the restaurant offers because of the variety in the offer. Well I was wrong.
The aesthetics to the dishes were well executed. There was even dry ice smoking out from under one of the dishes! But where it failed was the taste. One item was good, which I forget, but most of everything else tasted like the food one of my friend's mom cooks...  You want to be polite and say it tastes good, but really it was just ehhh, and that's how I felt towards the server.
Maybe I was just getting what I paid for. 15 really small plates (actually just three courses subdivided by plate into three smaller courses, but really it was just three courses) for $42 is pretty good... I think? Until next time, all I have to say is it's Cuba Libre, like most of its other Starr counterparts, is more about the hype than the taste.I liked it.  I didn't love it as much as I enjoyed Branzino the previous evening but I liked it.  The Sangria was very nice.  I am sorry I didn't try the mojitos but the Sangria drank like Kool-Aid, I could have enjoyed an entire pitcher by myself.
The bread is heavenly.  
Between the two entrees I'd have to say that the Sea Bass was excllent but the other dish was not as good.
I love the way they've decorated the place.
I didn't care for the restaurant staff on their headsets walking around communicating that table 51 is free, table 62 is on dessert, table 44 has taken the third bite of their appetizer.  I already know that Philadelphia is less formal than New York City (and I'm okay with that) but you have to draw the line somewhere.
To repeat, the Sangria is a thumbs up, the bread was great, the Sea Bass was a winner and I love what they've done with the space...So...here I am in Philly and I end up in Cuban restaurant!  Why is that odd?  Well I live in south Florida and there are Cuban restaurants all over. Not only am I at a Cuban restaurant, but I am at a Cuban restaurant that is a chain. 
I want to say I LOVED IT!  Service was amazing. The hostesses were super friendly and our server was attentive and didn't rush us out the door. 
We started with with blanco sangria. It was very good.  We had the pineapple guacamole, which was served with long strips of fried plantains. I never had pineapple in my guacamole and the server assured me it was one of their best sellers. Well we all loved it!  I was also concerned about how spicy it would be with roasted jalapeño...our server said it was not and she didn't lie. It was perfect. 
I eat veganish. Our server told us our options and even those dishes that didn't mention meat she made sure we knew. We shared the grilled vegetable paella. It was amazing. The veggies were all cooked perfectly. The veggies were plentiful and it was not a rice overload.  She mentioned that the rice was cooked with veggie broth and margarine. 
We also had yucca fries...nice and creamy inside. We had a spinach and cheese ball...I didn't like it but my friend devoured it. Different strokes for different folks.  Malaga Fritters. YUM!
We ended with the banana bread dessert...I highly recommend!  I decided to try a cafe con leche with coconut milk and it as...odd, but I appreciate that they made it for me. 
All in all it was a very good experience and I would definitely come back.I'm giving this five stars because of the awesome bartender. He made me and my bf some of the best cocktails we ever had. Think his name was Keenan...  For food i would go with the seafood soup and fritters. The empanadas were ok. Definitely would come back for those drinks :)The staging of the place outshines the food. that said, the sweet plaintains were yummy if simple, and the tamarind ketchup was very good.Big fan. Ate dinner here for restaurant week a couple years ago and it was PHENOMINAL even though I couldnt pronouce anything on the menu. Thank god the staff is enthusiatic and more than willing to help. :p Came back to see if they still had them crazy wonderful yucca balls and try some fancy rum cocktails... they didnt :( but we gots yucca fries instead (which are exceptionaaaal btw), fantastic spinach manchego croquette thingies and a pisco sour! Which is a great cocktail. And hard to find. 
Vikki is a wonderful bartender, helped me and my boy nativgate their huge cocktail menu and was super friendly. And! They took out the upstairs tables at night and we danced like crazy loons to great music most the night. 
However I recommend against the Zombie cocktail, it was absolutely delicious, but very very dangerous. Overall... Awesome. And a great atmosphere. Dining in a cartels house never felt so safe.Beautiful decor. Knowledgable staff. Mango butter completes me. Excellent aroz con pollo (rice & chicken) and grilled skirt steak.The Decor is amazing !!!!! But if i wanted nice decor I'd go to a furniture show room not a restaurant !!! As a Caribbean girl i know my afro-latin flavors even if they are not executed  well  and I know when someone is a at least or should I say at most attempting to make a Caribbean dish especially a Cuban dish come on its just tons of garlic and cumin for crying out loud very simple and affordable. With that said there is NO excuse for my Ropa Vieja  to taste like beef stew  ( GROSS) !!!!!!! My Husband Fried Vaca to be Bland !!! and My Best friends Fish .....not  fresh ?????!!! ( That's another story BAD fish don't order any Fish at this establishment  its not Fresh !!!!! UUHHGGG )
if you want a nice Drink and good atmosphere this is the spot but PLEASE DON'T EAT HERE it is not Cuban Food.I'm leaving this review as I leave the place, we have come here several times because it's the only decent place in Philly for Latin environment. We always follow the dresscode but honestly they exceeded themselves by not letting us in after my boyfriend was wearing really nice pants, shirt but he was wearing red shoes which according to them looked like "too much" like sneakers. Excuse me but the fact that you don't know how to recognize an expensive shoe from a common running sneaker is your problem, not mine. I'm really dissapointed of this place but I guess what they don't lack in clientele they lack in taste.Wish I could give this place 0 stars. I've been here at least five times before and tonight they refused to let me in because they "didn't like" my ID. Glad that their system for checking IDs is a flashlight and a questionable man. I am 23 years old and have been here multiple times but won't be back again. Thanks for ruining my night and my friends birthday Cuba Libre!!!I haven't eaten here but I have had drinks here. I for sure have had better for much cheaper. The mojito felt like drinking lemonade but for a price which felt like an arm and a leg worth. The quantity was less, the glass was wrong, the bartender was rude, the rum wasn't cuban and the cocktails hardly had any alcohol in them.
Pass on those mojitos because they are over rated.The two stars are for the drinks. Their mojitos are delicious. Their food is no good. It's not fresh and it has no flavor. The service isn't good either.Went for my sisters birthday. Great service, food, and atmosphere. Highly recommend. Vive Cuba Libre!Amazing place. Came here for the first time with my girlfriend on a Friday night and we loved it! Food was spectacular, service was great, and ambiance was amazing.
Must haves:
-Shrimp Ceviche... GOOD LORD! Best ceviche I've ever had. My gf doesn't like ceviche nor does she like avocados but she tried it and agreed that it was good. Was the "best shrimp she's ever eaten."
-Vaca Frita... If you like beef, don't leave this place without ordering this.
-Churrasco a la Cubana... wasn't as good as the Vaca Frita, but was still delicious!
Will definitely come back when I visit Philly again.Mojitos were a little watered down - i'm not going to lie. The impromptu salsa/merigue/whatever the hell it was performance by the employees was amusing. Good spot for a drink- haven't tried their dinner though.
Much more lively and entertaining than some places in the neighborhood *cough (like continental across the street)Cuba Libre is like a Cuban Disney World. All the decor and music are completely over the top. Being that I have never actually been to Cuba I can not tell you if its all authentic, but my best guess is, as fun as the atmosphere is it is not. None the less the food is absoloutely delicious. Both brunch and dinner are great, with deep flavors and generous portions. When it comes to drinks they are known for their mojitos. This drink is one thing I am actually knowledgable about, and Cuba Libre dissapoints. Don't get me wrong they are a waay good but, its not hard to make a tasty drink when it is 5 parts mixer and sugar and one part alcohol. For $$$ it is a let down, I want more substance in my drink. None the less Cuba Libre is a sure shot great meal in a fun not so authentic Cuban Disney World.This restaurant is ok. We had the vaca frita and churrasco. The vaca frita was a little too lemony for me. The sides were ehhh... black beans and rice. Nothing out of the ordinary. The churrasco steak was good. It was tender and juicy. The best part of the meal was the tres leeches. The chocolate part on the top of the cake was phenomenal. I would come back just for some cake.Cuba Libre has a truly impressive drink selection. The mojitos and caipirinhas are amazing. While the drinks are a bit expensive ($9-11), the food is reasonably priced and the portions are generous. The Chef's Tasting Menu is a particularly good deal - 15 courses for $34. 
Also, the bread and mango butter and incredible. They are an appetizer in and of themselves.He says:  We came here for our second anniversary for a special dinner.  We'd definitely come back.  While the prices aren't especially cheap, the food is quite good, and the portions really filled us up.  My highlights of the meal were the Soup of the Dead (I don't remember the exact name, but it ended in Muerte), the mango butter & bread, and the guava ribs.  Additionally, the flight of the Cuba Libre rum was quite good, and a great way to try some nice aged rums.  
Some minor negatives: The table was too long - I would have needed to play college football to pass the salt.  Additionally, our waitress looked aloof and a bit dismissive.  I know we're just a party of two, but it would be nice if we didn't seem like an inconvenience to you as we attempt to purchase expensive drinks.  With that said, the dudes who actually bring the food were pretty awesome.  They stopped by easily three times as much and seemed to know a lot about the food.
She says:  A really neat restaurant to visit for some dishes you probably couldn't find elsewhere (at least, if you don't eat this type of cuisine that often).  I also loved the soup -- it was filled with succulent seafood (scallops, mussels, crabmeat, etc.).  We followed some of the Yelper recommendations and tried the 15-item tasting.  My faves were:
Appetizers: Mango butter + bread, guava ribs, shrimp ceviche
Sides (perhaps the tastiest portion of the meal!): Pilaf, mustard greens
Entree: Steak; shrimp with guacamole was also OK
Dessert: Flan, chocolate souffle.
The drinks were all fabulous, including a coffee I ordered at the end (simple Cafe Cubano/Americano).Went for a late afternoon lunch and mojito. Pretty good spices on a chicken dish and just a warm, seductive atmosphere for fun salsa dancing. Though must admit, feet a little sore from the explorations in the city that day to want to try to dance salsa that night.This place is so beautiful! I like the atmosphere and our waitress was great. I ordered a passion fruit mojito and it was really sweet and smooth, I loved it. We ordered the pineapple guacamole with plantain chips and it was SO GOOD! The chips were not chewy at all and the guacamole was delicious. We also ordered the chicken empanadas and although pricey at 2 for $12, and they were small, they were sooo good! I thought they would be bigger. I ordered the arroz con pollo and it was good! It wasn't amazing, though. I expected more of a POW! flavor in it for the high price. My date ordered the citrus chicken and it was great with some added salt! It was a small portion for the price...especially for a grown man, but it was good. I've never had Cuban food before tonight, and I'm glad I tried it out here! I am satisfied. I would probably come back here for happy hour to spend a little less and get a little more.Many times going to Philadelphia, I would pass by Cuba Libre wondering if that huge crowd in front of the place would equate to a totally awesome place to eat. On my last trip to the city, I planned brunch there, and wow. It was amazing.
I had made reservations the night prior, and showing up the next day was a piece of cake. We were seated immediately at our table. It was a group of 6 people as well. The decor of Cuba Libre makes you feel as if you are somewhere in Cuba enjoying a wonderful brunch. Too bad the weather wasn't Cuba-esque.
Now to the food, the mojitos were wonderful. This was my first mojito so I didn't have anything to base it on, but if I had mojitos like this all the time, I would be in heaven. 
For a little appetizer I had the torrejas which is a high-end version of french toast. It was filled with mascarpone cheese, and topped with hazelnuts and almonds. I think I can eat 3 of those for breakfast, it was so good. I still crave it.
My main course was a bit close to home, but it still was very good. I had the "Pollo Uno, Dos, y Tres" which was chicken breast, chicken sausage, and 2 eggs. That hit the spot, I was very satisfied with my brunch experience.
I was very satisfied with Cuba Libre, and I wouldn't mind stopping by again. I'd always use reservations to be safe though, you don't know when there will be an influx of people trying to get in. Play it safe, use the reservations - and get the mojitos.I've never eaten here before, but I did come for their bar and Cuban night club. It was so much fun! The drinks are not expensive, and you can either watch the people dancing or tear up the dance floor yourself! The inside is just amazing. They did a great job of decorating to make you feel like you're in Cuba, without being too tacky at all!
Every half hour or 20 minutes or so, they clear the dance floor and a professional Cuban dancing couple comes out and dances to a song. They even change their costumes for each dance!! It's beautiful and very entertaining.
Love this place and will be back soon!We ended up only ordering yucca fries and mojitos at the bar.  I've never seen Cuban food at those prices--I'm used to paying $6-7 for ropa vieja.  Great atmosphere.  The yucca fries were tasty but definitely a new twist on the version I've gotten at every other restaurant.  I didn't like the aioli; they never asked us if we'd prefer the mojo sauce.  The mojitos were not strong but tasted delicious.  We had to stop drinking them not because of the buzz but because they aren't cheap.Ordered the Ravioli filled with brisket.  If you're looking for something different and extremely good, look no further.  This was outstanding.  Loved the atmosphere, especially with it being freezing cold outside.  Felt like I was chilling in an island Beach paradise.  Will definitely be back and bring my friends.Damn expensive! Came here with some colleagues, one of which was from Puerto Rico and claimed he had found a PR restaurant. Cuban is close enough for both of us and his wife was Cuban, so it should be all good. It is a pretty nice restaurant with a decent amount of space. Good atmosphere, not too fancy, but definitely nice. Very, very expensive though still.
As far as the menu is concerned, they had most of the staples. Lechon asado, arroz con pollo, mofongo, maduros, tostones, ropa vieja, etc. No pasteles though, which was the biggest disappointment of the night since i didn't get any this Christmas either. They did have a vegetarian version with some kind of african vegetable mix thing. They also had non-authentic offerings like salmon and paella and things. I ordered the lechon asado ($22), wifey got the arroz con pollo ($18!), we got three empanada (tres amigos ($13), and some maduros ($5). I also ordered a Presidented for $6 or $8 I think. I'm not really into mojitos, but everyone else was getting the different flavored ones which I'm sure were an arm and a leg as well. 
The empanadas came out, one pork, one chicken, and one beef. The beef and pork were excellent. The chicken was pretty good as well, but reminded me room much of a chicken pot pie. They were really small (especially the mini chicken one) and for the price?! The maduros were fried well. They were not too mushy or sweet, but were appropriately firm. They might have been fried slightly too long, but were pretty good. 
The lechon asado was decent, good flavor, came in a pie crust type thing. Pretty good portion too. It was very tender and not too bad at all. Wifey got the arroz con pollo, which she thought had way too much tomato flavor too it. I agree that it was a little strong, but she is pretty much used to my version that I have tailored to her tastes (i.e., less tomato). Good, strong sofrito flavor and they used chorizo in it too. not the mexican kind though like all of our fellow cali diners thought, but the portugese kind. The rice was good, not too sticky or mushy and good flavor. Wifey wasn't impressed because she had to add salt and said that my version is much better. I'm flattered : )
They lose major points for being so damn expensive. Also, I hate when restaurants do this, but they have a pretty white waitstaff that cannot pronounce any of the dishes. It was embarrassing trying to watch this kid struggle through "arroz con pollo". Meanwhile, they have an almost entirely bilingual, hispanic busboy and food running crew that would actually speak spanish with me. Don't get me wrong, my Spanish is not very good, but it is a Cuba restaurant, at least pronounce the spanish names right. Our waiter couldn't even nail the restaurant name. 
I have just stepped off of my soap box. 
All in all, the service was very slow and not very competent. The bussers were very attentive to refill water and take plates, but the waiter just wasn't on point. He took literally 30 minutes to bring us the check and then almost another hour (literally) to reconfigure all of the separate checks (party of 12). Not a math major apparently, but we still had fun in the mean time. We left a good tip for the inconvenience, but he should've been able to get it together faster than that. The restaurant wasn't that busy. 
Wouldn't be back, mostly because of the price, but also because the food just didn't really blow me away. I've had much better cuban food in Puerto Vallarta Mexico of all places.Still really good. Lechón Asado is a favorite dish of mine. The service can be hit or miss but the food makes up for it. The pineapple mojitos are fabulous!This was the first time I went out for Cuban food and it was GREAT! Total fan of this space- beautiful beautiful decor, low lights, great staff. Everything I ate was terrific. A little pricey, so save it for a special occasion or rare night out if you are more on the thrifty side, but believe me, it's worth it once in a while.Really nicely decorated cuban restaurant in Philly.  It was funny going all the way to Philly and having cuban food.  They even had a Ybor style cuban which was hilarious seeing we are only 15 minutes from Ybor.  I had the chicken and rice dish which was good.  I loved how they served it on a platter that was placed on Cuban newspaper.  Very cute.  I told them I didn't get that kind of presentation at the Columbia.Cuba Libre used to play the best salsa music in the city, in my opinion.  Stopped by a few months ago, after being out of the salsa scene for 3 years.  What a disappointment!  In one hour, not a single salsa song was played, though there was plenty of grinding bachata, some reggaeton and Mexican folk music.  Tons of barely 21 year olds and, as usual, the place got so packed, that people could barely move to dance, let alone salsa (if one had actually played).  My friend and I left and went to Tierra Colombiana....had a better time there, though still a very young crowd.  Still looking for a place with some 40+ age people.The mango butter and bread is a dream come true. The appetizers were great, wouldn't say the entrees were the best I've had (as a pescetarian) but it was pretty good, the mojitos were great. The vibe was amazing. If you're above 21 I would say say for the salsa dancing post 11.4 friends and I went to Cuba Libre for New Year's Eve and had the Chef's dinner ($95/person). The menu included Filet Mignon and when we attempted to order the steak and request the temperature, our waitress Amanda told us that the chef was only making the steaks Medium and we could not request any other temperatures. We very politely asked why it didn't say "Medium-only" on the menu especially if we were paying $95/person. Amanda then very rudely yelled "YOU ARE GETTING MEDIUM-ONLY" and stormed off, completely unprovoked. the waitress Amanda never returned to our table, but she continued to serve the tables around us. She should be fired and I would have given this review 1-star if it weren't for the bartender Vickie (sp?) and manager Ja-mel Vereen. They were both very helpful after the Amanda fiasco and we owe them everything for turning a sour New Year's Eve experience into a great time.We started with the Guac which was fantastic, but the meal went downhill from there. The seafood soup some out with closed mussels and a fishy taste (not the good fishy).  The Cuban sandwich was just okay, was not hot when it came out, and honestly I've had better from a food truck.  For the price I can't say it was worth it.Was just there tonight with some friends and had a great time.  We shared the Plato Cha Cha to get a little of everything.  Naturally, plantain chips come with pretty much everything and they are very tasty.  The mango in the guacamole was different and very good, quite refreshing.  Oh, and the mango butter was AWESOME!
I had the Ropa Vieja as my main course and it did not disappoint.  The brisket was tender and flavorful and came with rice and a tomato type sauce.  Can't remember what the rest of my party ordered, but they were very pleased with their meal as well.  
Dessert was also great.  I got the Torta Mentirita which was a rum cake served with a coca-cola sauce and lime sorbet....basically a rum and coke in dessert form.  Also enjoyed some chocolate coffee which was the best...better than Starbucks!   
I also can't forget the mojitos.  I had the Blueberry Mojito and the Sandito (Watermelon) Mojito and both were delicious.  My friend ordered the pomegranate mojito which also was amazing!
Great meal!I had previously rated this establishment lower but after giving feedback to management, I was very impressed by how they handled it. They were appropriately apologetic and took the right steps to make this situation right.Cuba Libre is a great place to go for drinks and nibbles following a matinee at the Arden.  It has a nice atmosphere and great service.  Also, if you show your ticket stub they will give you free dessert.I like it but dont love it. Drinks are over priced. Food isn't that pricey though...but it's good...not great!SmGreat small plates! showed up in bike gear with my daughter and sat on the patio, had a great impromptu brunch. Awesome seafood soup, really blew me away. Tremendous. Aaaand reasonably priced. Plus they didn't turn me away for being underdressed.I had set the bar high with Cuba Libre. So many people had raved about their drinks and food that I thought Desi Arnaz was going to jump out behind a pillar, bust into a song and dance routine, and serve me some damn plaintains. 
We went on Friday pre-Philly art crawl to commandeer the troops, enjoy some mojitos and apps, and then partake in some culture. My mojitos must have been laced with some watered down nonsense because I tasted no alcohol. I felt duped and disappointed!
The redeeming factor was the apps. I took the lead as I often do and ordered the black bean hummus, sweet corn cakes, yucca fries, fried plaintains, and wings. All were delicious. Ok let me bactrack...the mango butter and the bread almost got me pregnant behind my old high school. If you don't know Tracey Morgan schtick, you possibly might not get that joke.
However, my belly was a-roaring afterwards and I had a migraine out of nowhere. I felt like the guy in that Lily Allen video "Smile" except I wasn't beaten up, robbed, drugged, etc. I don't know if it was the food or not but it *almost* ruined my night.
Would I go back? Sure, I want to get some entrees, ask for more alcohol in my drinks, and get some mango butter in.my.belly.Came here multiple times for birthdays and just for plain old good cuban food. Food is pricey, but so worth it! The spinach and manchego cheese puffs are my fave appetizer! I only wished the mixed drinks were stronger. Drinks cost $10+ dollars, but it seems like the bartender skimps on the alcohol!Good food, good service, just on the slow side.  While our apps and drinks were speedy to come out, our entrées were not which led to a 2+ hour dinner.  When one's dining experience is distracted by whether you can return to your car before the ever-efficient PPA can ticket you, every minute counts.I'll keep it short since I'm sure I'll have more to write about in the future cause I'm definitely coming back. 
Finally got the chance to check this place out and I was really craving home cooking and this place had it all. Inside, really intimate with palm trees and dimly lit tables. My date and I had the Yuca Frita which came in a little deep fryer and dip. Ropa Vieja was also delicious and I suggest to an extra side of rice and beans because it's definitely worth sharing. The check comes in a little cigar box which i thought was funny and very classy. At around 10:30 they start removing the tables and you can hang around in the bar and wait because at 11:30 the entire place turns into a dancing club, music was a mix of salsa, bachata and some pop stuff. Really had a great time and no pros dancing salsa here so easy for beginners to come and dance!Cuba Libre might be one of those perfect-for-all-occasions places. You wanna go out dancing with the girls or with your special man friend? Yeah, go here. You wanna take your parents out for a nice meal? Yeah, go here. You wanna impress your clients? Yeah, go here. You wanna get sh*tfaced with friends? Yeah, go here.
It's hard to find fault with Cuba Libre. The food is amazing, whether you're in the mood for an entree, or sharing a bunch of small plates with the table. The drinks are delicious and/or potent and reasonably priced. The staff if friendly, knowledgeable and *fast* I'm always impressed at how quickly the food comes out. 
It's funny, reading some of the reviews beforehand, I didn't know what to expect. It seems like one of those places you either love or hate. No middle of the road feelings on this one.I came in late on a Thursday night, the staff was friendly, the food was amazing they even let us dance in the back of the restaurant. The mango butter is to die for, i even bought some to take home. Will surly be going back again.Wonderful food and service, this was our first time here at Cuba Libre.
Our dinners were especially delicious and the service was excellent. 
The Shrimp Ceviche was unique and not what I expected since it was covered in a spicy red sauce. It was still delicious and interesting, although I do like the lime, cilantro version better.
I ordered whole fish with rice, black beans and the fried sweet plantains. My husband had a meat dish (don't remember the details exactly) but I do remember that he loved his dinner. He also had the amazing mojito which had to be one of the best, according to him.
Our waitress was very personable. She came often to check on our meal and made excellent suggestions.
Overall, it was an excellent experience!Stopped in for a late weekday lunch and had incredibly delicious small plates:  seafood rapido lunch (3 items), plus fried plantains, bbq ribs, taro root dumplings, and flan for dessert.  We don't recall the Spanish names for everything, but go and try lots of different small plates.  Seriously well-prepared, nicely plated and presented, amazing sauces and flavors, incredible ambiance and stellar service by our wonderful waiter who patiently described many dishes and brought extras, the charming food server, and the host/manager (?) who helped make our lunch a wonderful experience.  We loved Cuba Libre and wish we had one in our own hometown!  Go and Enjoy!the food here is spectacular.  best place in philly for salsa dancing.Having been to Cuba, the food at this restaurant was actually better than the food I had in Havana. Loved the Cuban sandwich I ordered. If I had to pick a negative, the sauce serving to dip my sandwich in could have been bigger. But, other than that, this place was on point! They also bring your receipt out in a Cuban cigar box which is pretty cool. I'd definitely come back whenever I'm in the mood for Cuban food.In the summer time, I take respite from the beer drinking weather of the fall and winter, and move on to the summer beverages like Mojitos and other delicious potables. And when I have a desire to mix that with some great tasting Cuban food, I head down to Cuba Libre's Old City location. The atomsphere, food, and nearby nightlife make this an exciting place to dine in before a night out, or a Sunday brunch.
Atmosphere - Cuba Libre's location here is adorned with old world Cuban influences, from the distressed and brightly painted interior, with lots of tropical plants and fans, to it's cigar box receipt delivery after your meal. They really try to paint a picture of what life would be like in a Cuban bar or at the very least, a Miami beach bar while you're dining. The entryway opens fully on a warm summer night for table dining outside, but provides a cool place to eat in for those hot summer days with some great AC. Behind the bar, various forms of rum wait to be mixed in with some delicious beverages.
Waitstaff - I've been to Cuba Libre many times, and the servers we've had have all been very good about recommending drinks, providing great customer service in a busy location. My most recent trip for a Sunday brunch, our waitress did a good job at keeping the drinks flowing, but could have used more staggering of meals for the brunch.
Food - The drinks here are exceptional! If for no other reason, visit Cuba Libre and request a Black Cherry Rum mojito. Fantastic cherry flavor with mint is the perfect summer libation in my opinion, even better when you can get them at Happy Hour. For dinner, my go to meal is the Empanadas, which they have a mix of chicken, pork, cheese, and others. Other diners highly recommend the Chicarrones de la Casa, a mix of various cuban meats, and don't forget to try the house made bread and mango butter, I could eat that alone on a night with many drinks as well. For the brunch, recently had the pancacaes, a version of Cuban pancakes which were amazing with the mango butter again, french toast with a good cinnamon compote for tasting, and waffles with fried plantains which were also amazing. Apologize for the spelling here, but trust me, the food is really good, if not spelled easily.
Intangibles - Every time I've been there, we've had a manager or high level staff member ask us how our meal was. After saying how great it would be to come for lunch, they hooked us up with free mojito coupons! Cuba Libre definitely knows how to treat the customer here, and if you're not sure where to eat down here, you could do really well coming here. The one thing I will say since this has a tapas menu is that portions are a bit hit or miss, you can get a lot or a little depending on what you order.
Overall - Before summer is over, make sure to try out Cuba Libre on a warm night and enjoy some of their food. If you have a sweet tooth, you're only a block and a half from the Franklin Fountain, right near other bars if you still want to drink, and three parking lots for a block or two walk (also really close to the Ritz if you're going to see a movie, good stop for after movie drinks). Looking forward to my next trip and next mojito really soon.I came here for the first time and I was impressed. The atmosphere was so fun and cute. The food was really good and the drinks were too. It's kinda pricey and the portions are a little small. The service was good. Overall, I'd go back again. My server even said they turn it into a night club on weekends after 11 so I'd love to go then. There's also a parking lot right across from the building so it's very convenient and easy to findThe food was really really good, but I am only rating this with three stars because of the service. We saw or waiter maybe twice. We had to flag down other waiters so we could get a water refill. My fork was super dirty and we asked for a new one but never got it. I had to go to the back where the waiters where so we could pay because we where waiting for someone to pick the check up for awhile. The servings where a bit on the smaller side and on the pricey side. But the food is good.Two friends and I headed to Cuba Libre in search of proper mojitos after aborting the Philly Mojito March. I hadn't been to Cuba Libre in many years but was hoping it was still as good as I remembered. It wasn't. It was even better. We were welcomed and seated promptly, and greeted by our server, Becca. She took pity on us after hearing about the terrible mojitos we'd been served and took the time to go over the drink menu thoroughly and recommend her favorites. She explained how they don't use simple syrup, but instead use a machine to press fresh sugar cane into juice. My grilled pineapple mojitos (you can get them with extra rum if you like) were perfect. My companions also enjoyed their passion fruit mojitos and sangria. 
While waiting for our order she brought us warm Cuban bread with mango cinnamon butter. Can you say yum? For our entrees we had ropa vieja, empanadas and seafood soup. Each bite was better than the last, and the portions were reasonable. We had to go with the tres leches for dessert, along with a Cafe Cubano (with a shot of rum, of course). 
The atmosphere and service were impeccable. We relaxed over a leisurely meal and Becca was attentive but not hovering. Cuba Libre really helped us turn around our day. I can't believe I stayed away so long, but I'll be back soon.First off, the white sangrias are AMAZING. The decor of the place is so cool- very safari-esque.
The menu selection is awesome. So many of their items looked absolutely delicious. A girlfriend and I decided on the shrimp ceviche and pork belly tapas as starters to share. Both were amazing. The shrimps in the ceviche were huge and very plump (the ceviche is a little spicy) and the pork belly was rich and fatty- just how I like it. The slaw that comes with the pork belly was also delicious. 
The complimentary bread and mango butter is indescribable. I would buy a whole jar of that mango butter. It's so creamy and rich! Definitely a huge bonus. 
For my main entree, I ordered the arroz con pollo, and was a little disappointed that it was sort of like a fried rice type dish. It was very salty and sort of underwhelming. The chicken was very tender, but I don't think I would pay $22 for that dish again. My friend loved her vaca frita (her second time ordering that dish).
The portions are large for the entrees, and I will definitely be returning. Just not ordering the same entree :)I've never been a big fan of Cuba Libre. While I like the ambience and think the mojitos there are great, I've never really cared for the food. Whenever I came, it was to placate a date. My favorite item was always the Cubano sandwich, which they do nicely. 
So on Thursday night, GF and I went there to hear the Salsa band Cintron. WE decided to stay for dinner. The waitress sucked. She was cold, distant, and worked doggedly to steer us to pricier menu items. They didn't offer the Cubano as a sandwich any longer on the dinner menu. I guess they don't want to let you get away with spending anything less than $25 bucks for an entree.  We opted for an appetizer and some small plates. While the visual presentation was great, the food was underwhelming- and did I mention overpriced?
So for a round of drinks, an appetizer, and a couple small plates, the bill came to $90 when you figure in the tip (which she really didn't earn).
I realize this is Old City, but that's ridiculous. There are countless places in the city where you can have a much more satisfying meal for far less. GF commented that we would have had a better meal at a diner. 
Overpriced and not worth it.
Incidentally, though, Cintron was great. Best part of the evening.Wish I could give this place a great review but the service was so terrible it off set the food being awesome. The bartender never asked if we even wanted drinks so I stuck with water when I was ready to order a mojito. The patrons next to me had to tell the bartender to take my food order (I should have just walked out). Food came they gave my friend flatware and I had to flag he guy down to get some for myself?  I mean come on. Am I supposed to pulled pork and a poached egg with my hands?Came here with 6 other people at around 6PM.  We ordered the tropical chips & trio of dips as well as the crab guacamole.  Both were just satisfactory.  The bread and butter (mango&cinnamon flavored) was great.  Our waitress then took a while to return and get our entree orders.  My group ordered the Arroz con pollo (looked like a stew), Citrus Chicken (sauce looked tasty), Vacio Steak Argentino w/ Tostones (was recommended as the go-to item on the menu), Churrasco a la Cubana (large portion), Lechon Asado (this was my dish-really liked the tangy sour orange mojo on the pork).  Would definitely return to sample more drinks and to try their Cuban sandwich.  The final bill was a bit steep for our liking though.Very good interior decor, dim light and Cuban tropical style building with music. Had a dinner here with my friends. I ordered a scallops ceviche (appertizer) and a BBQ pork ribs (starter), saving up a bit of stomach for a later drink nearby. The scallop ceviche features a rather strong exotic flavor with fresh small scallops, fit for awakening the appetite. I would strongly, strongly recommend the BBQ pork ribs to everyone coming here. The meat was tender and the rib bone crisp, thoroughly submerged in the sweet and sour sauce they use for the ribs. The flavor just exploded when I put it into my mouth. And as a starter the dish featured four fat, meaty ribs, quite enough to fill the stomach. My friends had entrees. They said those dishes were good but they appeared to be a bit overpriced for the portion. Service was quick and friendly.We went for Sunday Brunch. I noticed online there was a 3 course 14.95 Cuban Brunch Get-away which you should ask the waiter for the menu because I don't they reveal it otherwise. Boy was this a deal! First course I had the churros and guava jam...which the churros were FRESHLY made and had just enough cinnamon and sugar. The guava jam was unique which I also spread on the bread. Yes the mango butter was good. If you're in a salty mood the black bean soup was good too, you can taste the ham stock. At my table, my husband had the chorizo omelette which came with a side of salad and he picked the plantains which he enjoyed very much. My friend had the crab omelette with a side of home fries and yuca hashbrown. I had the ropa vieja. The portions were supple and more than enough I had to take mine home. I am definitely coming back for brunch to try the other omelettes. We each had the cuban cafe with coconut milk. VERY VERY YUMMY.They're very rude. I was trying to get in with my friend and they told him that he couldn't get in with his shoes that clearly didn't look like sneakers. When I told him that we we're there for a friends birthday, they rudely told us that we had to go home.