I love this food truck. They have the tastiest street foods like their captain crunch tilapia burrito. Who would've thought of that? The fried fish is so flakey and delicious, paired with fresh cabbage, tomatoes, avocado and Sriracha mayo. I have also tried their katsu and curry chicken which are so rich in flavor. Their Thai tea is also on point! So much to offer from a small food truck. I live in Jersey and I have driven here many times just to get food. They are so friendly and provide great food at a great price.While at Drexel University, I decided to try a new food truck and go for something that wasn't the typical food truck.  My girlfriend and I always noticed this place was crowded around lunch but never knew why.  After being recommended to try it by a friend, we decided to go ahead and order lunch here.  Cucina Zapata is at the end of the food truck row at the center of Drexel University's campus.  The truck has a graffiti style design which can be easily distinguished from the other food trucks here.
I decided to order (2) thai short rib tacos while my girlfriend got the cap'n crunch tilapia burrito.  The food has a good visual appearance which made us more eager to eat it once we got inside the building.  I really enjoyed the thai short rib tacos even though they put hot sauce on it.  They were definitely better than the typical taco bell food and left me with a 5 star review feeling inside.  My girlfriend also really enjoyed her burrito.
Overall, this food truck provides very good food at a good price.  I recommend this place to anyone looking for a good lunch.I had Cucina Zapata for the first time last week and it did not disappoint! I ended up getting the Cap'n Crunch tilapia burrito and it was delicious. It was a huge burrito, stuffed to the max, and only $6!! My co-workers say cucina zapata is one of, if not the best food trucks you can find by Drexel's campus, and they're not wrong. However, because of their popularity, expect to wait a few minutes for your order- the wait wasn't too bad, but just be aware there might be a line to order as well as a line to pick up.Excellent food and great people! I'm a fan. It is my new go-to lunch spot now. Thanks guys! Keep being awesome!I've tried everything in the menu and I must say everything  is so good . Short rib tacos omg delicious  truly my fav!!!I had heard great things about Cucina Zapata and tried it this past week for the first time. I tried the Cap'n Crunch Crusted Tilapia Burrito and and the Thai Ice Coffee with Bubbles. The Burrito was really good - I loved the blend of flavors! I enjoyed the Thai Ice Coffee too and appreciated that they have the option to put bubbles in it. The staff was also very friendly. 
The only reason I gave this food truck 4 stars instead of 5 is because the wait to get food can be a little too long. I went here at around 1:30pm and had to wait about half an hour to get my food despite the fact that there were only 4-5 people in front of me in line. Will definitely go back there nonetheless!ONE OF THE BEST FOOD TRUCKS IN PHILADELPHIA!
This is coming from a person that doesn't like trying to things, extremely picky, and not very daring... EVERYTHING on their menu is so good and filling! My favorites are veggie burger wrap which is $5 (instead of veggie burger, it'll be in a tortilla, but somehow 10x better) and chicken satay tacos (2 for $7). Their thai bubble tea is extremely tasty too! 
Beware of the long lines though (try to avoid going anytime from 11:45-12:30, if you do, expect a long wait, and no you cannot call ahead and order). If you're a Drexel student, go in between class, guaranteed no line! 
CASH ONLYGreat food Truck!
Burrito:
is to die for! The burrito is packed with flavor and filling. You get a piece of fish every bite you get. The spice level is just right and it leaves so full but still wanting for more.
Tacos: 
are alright. Nice flavors but nothing too special. Most of the time the avocados aren't very ripe so you don't really get any flavor from it. 
Katsu: 
is pretty good. I love the sauce they drizzle the chicken and rice with. I just wish they would put a little bit more sauce on it. I sorta wish there was more going on because it is essentially breaded chicken with rice and a salad. 
Gave 5 stars because the fish burrito is that good. It is the only thing I need from this truck. It is just so good.I come to Cucina Zapata way more than I should. What can I say, their food is absolutely delicious. It most certainly isn't what you'd expect from a typical food truck with their flavor packed menu. My favorite things to get are the Cap'n Crunch Tilapia Burrito and their Chicken Katsu. Portions are enough to fill me up on my lunch break and I always leave satisfied with a tasty meal and a full stomach.
Around noon is when they are busiest which when you'll likely have to wait quite a bit longer than usual, but to be honest their food is worth it. My typical order is the chicken katsu with an egg on top. It comes with a nicely crunched chicken fillet on a bed of rice with some avocado and salads on the side along with the option to make it spicy or not (I personally put spicy mayo). Everything is freshly made each day and you can definitely taste it when you dig in. 
The workers there are extremely sociable and always greet you with a smile and they seem like they enjoy serving their customers. This truck will keep me coming for the remainder of my time at Drexel.
Best things to get:
Chicken Katsu Platter
Cap'n Crunch Tilapia Burrito
BBQ Short Ribs
Satay Tacos
Thai, Mango, or Taro tea (w/without bubbles)Fantastic.  I've had everything and it's all fantastic.  Love their experimental menus.  People are awesome and friendly.  They are very clean as well.  You can't go wrong with anything you get.  I see a lot of reviews for the tea, but the coffee wins hands down!  
Lately I have really been enjoying the short rib tacos.  They are great!  I really like the curry but its so much food I can't usually finish it and I hate wasting.  
There is always a wait, but it's worth it.  
This is where it's at people, if there were open on the weekends or had a restuarant, i'd eat there even more! :)Solid truck! Located in this one alley between 30th st and Drexel, cucina is a great truck. I got their captain crunch fish burrito, which was amazing. It was very crispy with two large filets of white fish. The sauce for the burrito was on point. The line is really long, so be sure you can wait a while. Overall, this truck has something special and is recognized for it. Will be back soon.My favorite food truck in Drexel area!!! The line may be long and makes you freeze in this weather, but the food is totally worth it!!! I had the cap n crunch tilapia burrito, short rib and chicken satay tacos, and they were all good. The chicken katsu here is just ok, nothing very special, and the consistency of this mayb off sometimes (my first order, the rice was very soft and mushy, and the second time it was kinda dry). So i just come here mainly for the tacos and burritos, and they never disappointed!Not a fan. Sorry. I'm clearly in the minority here. I had the Chicken Platter, which ended up being a flattened, breaded, fried chicken cutlet. The sauce drizzled on top was syrupy and sweet but not in a good way. All I could taste was grease and sweet. Again, I am obviously in the minority with my opinion, so maybe my taste buds are just broken, but I was not impressed.Sweet potato chicken curry is the best! All their curry specials are delicious.I found this place through an Instagram photo, then I saw the place on yelp; I had to check it out since it had such great reviews. I went there around 2:30 yesterday, there wasn't a long line, thank God! I order so many things from their menu, for example, the Thai short rib tacos, satay chicken tacos, cap n crunch tilapia burrito, and the chicken katsu platter with egg and a Thai tea; everything was absolutely delicious!!! My most favorite one was the cap n crunch burrito, it's so tasty and crunchy; it had a lot of flavor. You can tell they use high quality ingredients, and the guy working behind the truck was super friendly! Great customer service, I would definitely come back and get more!The short rib tacos are to die for, my favorite by far! So many flavors, it's worth the wait at lunchtime but get there early enough since they sell out fast! There's not a ton of short rib in the taco but there's a ton of everything else to make up for it.Thai and tacos, who would've thought they'd make such a great combination?  There's a reason this place hidden in a Drexel alleyway has received so much attention as of late...it's THAT good!  I noticed that today their prices had gone up by $1 for the Chicken Satay Tacos, only about a month ago they were $5 and now they're $6.  Still worth it in my opinion but the $1 increase is just at the far end of what's affordable for me.  Also, avoid the lunch rush as much as possible, its line can be long and so can its wait!One of the best philly tacos I had so far it was worth the wait . I had the short ribs tacos it was delicious. The favor was decent. Staffs  was very friendly and helpful, since it was my first time there and i didn't know what to get. 
Just thinking about it,  I want to grab some more maybe I'll try the crunchy tilapia tacos or burritos.This is the best food truck on the planet! The curry chicken is amazing and Cap'N Crunch roll is out of this world. You have to get to the truck early during the week, otherwise the food sells out quickly since they make 1 large batch per day.Love this place. Best food truck in Philly and the people working are great. I've only tried a few items but I was hooked with the captain crunch talapia burrito. Also the Taro Tea was delicious. I would recommend anyone that stops in philly and your buy the train station you have to stop by and try some of there food. It's fresh it's delicious and there is always a line and you know that means everyone around know they are the best.THIS IS IT - MY 100TH YELP REVIEW (thunderous applause plz). I knew I wanted to make this one special, so this one goes out to one of my very favorite eats in Philadelphia!
Cucina Zapata. No dispute about it - the best food truck in Philly. I could eat here every single day (if only it was closer to Penn!). Famous for their $6 super tasty and filling Captain Crunch Tilapia burrito, Cucina serves the most delicious fusion food for bargain deals! The people working at this food truck are consistently friendly and kind, even when they're super busy or facing inclement weather. They remember their regular customers by name and greets everyone with a smile :)
It does require somewhat of a commitment to obtain their food though - the lines get very busy and long during peak hours, and they're only open during lunch/afternoon hours. I suppose that's only validates how it is legit. so. good. 
So yes, you have to work for your food here but I love to bring friends here for the best kind of food truck experience. My mission for this upcoming year is to discover the origins of their business and to learn what their name means - Cucina Zapata, what a mysterious and wonderful place!Among the food trucks at Drexel University, Cucina Zapata is definitely in my top 3 favorite trucks on campus. What I like about the food trucks at Drexel is that they are priced to not interfere with students' tight food budget. They are priced not high or low, but definitely cheaper than a lot food vendors that is owned by the school or neighboring stores like Shake Shack, Cozara, and etc. Another thing I like about Cucinas is the friendly staff, creativity, and uniqueness of the food they make for the customers. 
Cucina Zapata features a fusion of Thai and Mexican, such as tacos, burrito, katsu, bubble tea, and much more. The first I recommend is the satay chicken soft tacos (1 for $3, 2 for $6, 3 for $8) because I know they can get me full. The lettuce, the peanut sauce, spicy mayo, chicken, and the soft taco; the combination is amazing and the taste when it enters in your mouth is so satisfying. The second thing I would recommend is the Captain Crunch Tilapia Burrito. I know right..just the name of the food gives you wonder and joy. The tilapia's crunchy coat (Captain Crunch cereal) is the key and what makes this burrito delicious. The third thing is the Chicken Katsu. For just $6, this dish is packed with so much flavor: spicy mayo and siracha. This is definitely a must get!
On top of this, the tea here is a bit better than other popular locations, such as Tea Do and Kung Fu Tea. I love the homemade thai tea or taro tea and definitely recommend others to get this if you love this curiously orange colored tea with bubbles. After ordering these food that Cucina offers, not only it tasted so good consistently, but also I was able to tell about the creativity: it's Cucina's strong suit. 
There are so many food trucks on campus, but Cucina Zapata is no doubt my top three most favorite food truck at Drexel University campus.Believe me when I say that Cucina Zapata is the best. Please. Everyone is so friendly and has a smile on their face for every customer that walks up to the truck, be it a regular or a newbie. 
It's a little walk to the end of the alley, but it is so worth it.
One day, I couldn't find my wallet to pay them, and I was in a rush. They told me to enjoy my food and come back later when I found my wallet. It was shoved in the deepest depths of my backpack, but that doesn't change the fact that they were so understanding.
I love Cucina Zapata, and I'd be more than happy to spend another year of tuition at Drexel just to be able to eat their food. #internationalstudentproblems
Food recommended*:
Chicken Katsu
Tilapia Burritos
Fish Katsu
Tea and bubbles/boba
*literally everything, but the above are my favourites. They also give you a decent amount of food, so don't worry about being hungry in 20 minutes if you're like meOmg omg, I would marry the man that would bring me Captain Crunch Burrito, it is what I want on any special day. A friend of mine bought me one for my birthday, that was the best birthday present ever, my coworker use to get them for me. I left work early, I took personal time to go to this truck, but when I got there they were closing early, needless to say i was crushed.  Please open something next to the hospital of University, we need you.Uggh... another overambitious trying-to-be-trendy food truck. I'm surpised it lasted this long. 
I've seen it there for years, but only ate at Cucina for the first time today, for fear of OVERHYPE. My worst fear was true. I got the Cap'n Crucn Tilapia Burrito. Not only does it have nothing to do with Cap'n Crunch, but something like thing could barely be called a burrito. It's a wrap with two extemely bland fried patties of fish, some salad (cold lettuce, tomato, and cabbage) and spicy mayo, exactly none of which goes well with eat the others. I threw it out after eating half of it. And I really don't like wasting food, but it was just that bad.I almost hate to write too glowing of a review for this place because I worry people will discover it and the lines will become ridiculous! But it's really too good not to share. A friend and I stumbled across this place one day and it's now become our go-to. Whatever you do, GET THE TILAPIA BURRTO. Don't let the captain crunch scare you because somehow it works. The short rib tacos sell out if you arrive too late in the day, but I actually prefer the chicken anyway. And the curry is sweet, savory, and piping hot. The katsu is probably my least favorite thing on the menu, and I even love that. Everything from the tortilla to the rice, and even the garnishes and sauces at this place are perfectly made and balanced. DEFINITELY worth a visit!Solid food with really friendly service. I've tried the sweet potato chicken curry and chicken katsu. Would recommend both but if I had to pick one katsu wins. Usually a big crowd so expect to wait at least 20minIf you are looking to stretch your dollar and get the most amount of decent quality food and live near the colleges; look no further. The food is good but defiantly not worth going out of your way to come here. If you don't have a choice and have to get something in the area then this might be a good option.My friend and I were feeling spontaneous and wanted to take a trip to Philly. We were looking for things to do and came across the idea of checking out some food trucks since we don't have access to any where we are. We checked some out on Yelp but found that many closed at 3 or 4 and it was already 4:30 by the time we were about to leave. I found Cucina Zapata, loved the idea of Thai-Mexican fusion, saw the reviews and decided that the hour long drive was worth it to try this place. So we had high hopes..
We got to Philly, parked at some obscure bank, and while waiting for our food, sneaked around Drexel. oops! The guy taking our order was SO nice. He asked us if we'd been there before and when we said no we were from Jersey and we came all the way to try this place, his face lightened up and he welcomed us all so friendly and warmly. 
For the actual food.. I got the chicken satay tacos and my friend got the captain crunch tilapia burrito. I gave the review 4 stars because the food wasn't anything MINDBLOWING like another Yelp reviewer noted. However, I did love the concept of the food and think it was well executed. I personally liked the Tilapia burrito better than the chicken satay tacos -i just think it had more flavor and texture. 
What I liked about the food: the flavor of the chicken satay in the tacos -the very bold, curry flavor; the crunchy texture and all the spiciness from the sriracha in the tilapia burrito (i think he may have forgotten to put sriracha in the chicken tacos). What I think could have been done better with the food: the tacos and the burrito, aside from the fusion between thai and mexican flavors, seemed like any other tacos/burritos with red cabbage, avocado, lettuce, although the house sauce and sriracha did kick it up a notch. maybe they could have added some complementary spices, pickled the veggies, or something to give it that wow factor. That having been said...
Overall experience:
Friendliness of staff: 5 stars
Concept of food: 5 stars
Taste: 4
Was the hour long drive worth it: Yes
Would I come back again: Maybe if I were in the area, but I'm not so sure I would drive another hour to come back here. I would come back to try other food trucks tho.You know it's good. You know there's a long line (get there at 12 as it opens and there's already a huge line!!). What else can I tell you?
The thai short rib taco ($3) is life-changing and amazing. Why are people talking about the captain crunch burrito when the short rib taco exists? SO AMAZINGStopped here on my way out of Philly, I had to see what the buzz was about!
The short rib tacos were sold out so I had to choose between the capn crunch burrito and chicken satay tacos. I chose the burrito and I think I chose wrong. Its just fried tilapia with spicy sauce. It was not nasty by any means but just really really basic. 
I also ordered the Mango Tea. Too too sweet for my taste. And they only take cash which was a bummer so I had to run to the ATM and pay an ATM fee. 
Service was fast and customer service was great.Captain crunch burrito!! Veggie burger!! And Thai tea!! You cannot go wrong with those items. For 6 bucks, you get a burrito stuffed with fish, veggies, avocados, and some special spicy sauce.. amazing! My husband goes there whenever he Is working in the city and he makes sure he orders an extra one for me. It's a wait, but it's definitely worth it.Yummmm! This place is going to be my downfall this year. We went for a quick lunch today...I got a short rib taco and the bf got chicken katsu. Both were very, very good. My short rib was super flavorful and delicious. I probably should've gotten more than 1 taco, but I wasn't super hungry. The chicken katsu was delicious also...the chicken was perfectly cooked. Next time (which will hopefully be soon!) we will ask for extra sauce!Truly delicious, especially the Captain Crunch tilapia (burrito, over rice, tacos, all incredible)! The people in the truck are always super friendly, quick, and organized. I wish there were some way to cut down on the wait time, though this is definitely one of the most efficient lunch spots around. It's just that popular, and with good reason. Go for a special lunch when you're okay with a long wait. You'll forget all about the wait once you have that amazing food in your mouth!Short rib and chicken satay tacos were delish. The fresh avocado was perfect, but what was the yellow color on the inside of the tortillas? Turmeric? Whatever it was, twas tasty. However, I challenge them to offer corn tortillas as an option - I think corn would round out the flavor more rather than the bland wheat flavor.I have been coming here for over a year now and I SWEAR somehow it gets better and better. Sometimes I just find myself coming here because there is something so gratifying about hearing someone remember your name and genuinely caring about you, as customer and as a person! OK sorry for the Hallmark card, back to the foooood. Forreal though, try everything. Sometimes when I am feeling healthy he will make anything into a salad for me, amazing. You really can't go wrong, everything from the fish burrito to the teas are beyond.  In my prayers at night, I do the whole keep my family safe thing and then I pray that this place never changes. LOL, kidding but not really.Not a bad place at all!!! We ordered the captain crunch fish platter. The give you a nice size fish, a lot of rice, some salad and avocado. Unfortunately this time they not only forgot the avocado on but didn't give us the extra avocado. They didn't say if they ran out- they just didn't give it to us. We didn't realize it until we got back to the office. We definitely didn't want to go back. We also asked that the one platter have less rice more salad and it seems like the complete opposite was done. Nonetheless, the food was still good. They were very nice and pleasant. Fairly quick service. With the cold, I wonder  if they take phone orders.... I would definitely go back- but next time, I will check my order.I had the Cap'n Crunch Tilapia Burrito (with hot sauce) and the Taro Milk Tea. 
I really liked the burrito! It was filling, the ingredients made a good match and it was hot. 
The Taro Milk Tea was perfect too. Not too sweet but sweet enough to taste refreshing! 
And most especially, the guys in the truck are the best - super nice and had a good time conversing with them.Simply the best. A reason to get up in the morning. I don't even know what to eat when this place is closed.I thought Cucina Zapata was my well kept secret but it looks like the cat is out of the bag now.
Ever since I tried Cucina at the Vendy's, I've been amazed with their fusion cuisine and quality of food. When I found out that they were located in my part of town (UC), I was elated and immediately tracked them down!
What is not to love here? I've tried everything on their menu and they're all sooooo good! 
+Thai short rib or chicken satay taco ($3 a piece): great flavors, not too heavy, avocados aplenty, and delicious spicy mayo sauce
+Chicken Katsu ($5 + 50cents for egg): substantially-sized, crunchy chicken strips with rice, tomato chunks, and sesame seeds in tonkatsu sauce 
+Red veggie curry ($5): potato and pumpkin chunks with rice in a creamy curry broth, DELICIOUS. Spice level is perfect.
+Cap'n Crunch encrusted tilapia burrito($6): slightly sweet, crunchy, and flavorful; generously portioned. Don't miss out on this one!
+Mexican veggie burger ($4): I'm not a vegetarian but I really wouldn't miss meat if I could eat this daily. Love the spicy mayo!
+Thai ice tea/thai green tea ($2): refreshing, not too sweet, waaay better than starbucks
Owners are super gracious and friendly. They really care about their customers since they make an effort to engage in conversation with you.
Only downsides:
-Some of their menu choices take a long time like the Tilapia, especially during the lunch rush (~15 minute wait) but totally worth it
-Random closings. I've been here a couple of times only to find them closed. A few weeks ago, I dragged my friend after class to try my favorite food truck. We were so disappointed that we trekked all the way from Penn only to find Cucina to be closed. I wish they were a bit more consistent with their schedule.
All in all, Cucina Zapata is a safe bet for an affordable and delicious meal. I'm a huge fan!Literally nothing here is bad. I don't even usually like veggie burgers, but I like theirs! Go earlier in the day if you want to make sure they will still have everything in stock. You can also get burrito or taco fillings put onto lettuce for a salad if you're on a diet.So good and cheap. The flavors compete with the best restaurants in the city. My personal favorites are the chicken and sweet potato curry, the short rib taco and chicken satay taco. All are outstanding. When I can make it there I always get 2 tacos to eat for lunch and then an order of curry to put in the drug for dinner.  I only wish that I knew about this truck when my office was around the corner in the Cira centre!Oh me, oh my, the Cap'n Crunch-Coated Tilapia Burrito was well worth the walk across the Schuylkill river and the relatively short wait. Because you see the Cucina Zapata food truck is a well-oiled machine: place your order at the window, join the anticipatory crowd, and before you know it, they're calling out your name. I took my lunch over to the seating area of The Porch, outside of 30th Street Station (see, we do deserve nice things in Philly), and this is where the true magic happened. From first bite until last, it's one mighty, mighty fine burrito. The fish is fresh, it stays crunchy, and it melds perfectly with the other ingredients--without a doubt it's a "two thumbs up" burrito.Pretty awesome food. Went to try it. I'm a very picky eater when it comes to tilapia based food since a lot of places butcher the fish. The fried tilapia fish burrito was amazing. Definitely a go to for this place. Crunchy, not dry but juicy fillets, and the mixture of the fixins and sauce complimented each other perfectly . Went to try it on a good friday so I wasn't able to taste the short rib tacos. Perfect reason to come back again and see these extremely friendly guys again! Keep it up!Very good food for a good price. Long wait time during peak hours ~ 11:30 AM - 4/5 PM and tends to sell out the special very fast. Worth the wait, good experience, nice people. 
You can get the short ribs and chicken satay over rice too. You can ask for the food in anyway you want: burrito or over rice and can mix and match for additional cost.Went on a HOT summer day for lunch. I had the Chicken Katsu, spicky. It was pretty decent! Not a huge portion, but just the right amount for lunch. I was missing some spice, though. My friend had the fish tacos, which were also tasty, but lackin' the spice. The rice was great, and there were some other menu items, including a burrito with captain crunch on it that I might go back to try out. Will I go back? Maybe! 
The best part on a hot summer day? A few food trucks down the street there was a place selling big ole water ices for $1 that really made our days. Can't remember the place, but hitting up Cucina Zapata followed by that was pretty sweet.it makes no sense how this delicious of food can come from a food truck... but holy crap is it delicious! To all those food truck skeptics, you must try this one. Cucina zapata is a Thai-Mexican fusion, featuring dishes from all over Asia. They're known for their captain crunch tilapia burrito (which is phenomenal!), as well as their Thai short rib tacos and their chicken satay tacos. They also offer chicken katsu; get this with an egg, extra avocado, and "bossy"  you will literally not regret it.This is my favorite food truck right now! Their fish burrito thing and chicken katsu are heavenly! And just 6-7 bucks each. That is sooo amazing. I am from penn and I don't mind walk 15 min all the way into Drexel 31 st to get it.Great food truck.
The captain crunch tilapia burrito is a homerun!
Great staff, quick and efficient service!
Stop here every time I'm in the area!The fact that I no longer work at Drexel and thus have no more access to Cucina Zapata makes me so incredibly sad. I have never had a bad meal from this place - everything is fresh, delicious, and innovative. Red curry is always good, thai green curry is even better, and the short rib tacos are amazing. The chicken katsu with egg is my go-to comfort food, but you haven't lived until you've tried their Captain Crunch tilapia burrito. The guys here will modify it any way you like (I always get mine over rice with extra sauce and avocado), and are friendly even through insane lunch rushes of up to 40 min wait times. Go there now and get something, and if you're unsure, either your fellow customers or the truck staff will help you out.I'm a vegetarian. I get their veggie burger and this burger is so good, non-vegetarians have recommended it to me.. Try it before judging it!
Just wish they had more vegetarian options-Fridays they have veggie curries but it tastes just like the curries you get at lemon grass.. Etc. 
I've also had their Thai tea which is a bit too milky for me but it's also really good. 
And to top it off, they're very friendly and they're Drexel alumni!So I'm pretty sure I haven't stopped raving about this truck since I first tried it after work a couple of months ago. Finally got around to writing a review for it! 
The chicken satay tacos are SOOO good. Get two and a thai tea and you will be full! The chicken is very flavorful and the tacos are pretty big, topped with lettuce, red cabbage, tomatoes, some sort of sauce and avocado slices. Very fresh, crunchy flavors that balance out the curry chicken satay. 2 for $6. Maybe a little steep for food from a truck but trust me, the tacos are even better than some that I've had at a sit-down restaurant! for real. 
Next, chicken katsu over rice. Again, very flavorful and unexpected from a lunch truck. Around 5 bucks and so worth it! But as a heads up, they are always out after the lunch rush... 
I have yet to try the captain crunch talapia because I've been sticking to my tacos but next time I stop by, I'll give it a try.
I can understand why there was hype about this place. They definitely use quality ingredients and does not taste like food from a lunch truck! Kind of more expensive compared to the ten other trucks on the same block but its the only place you can get your thai/indian/mexican fusion fix!!B+
I went to try this place out as my friend who is a local told me that it is a hidden gem. Cucina food truck was lined up with all other food truck, but this one stood out from the rest due to the long lines formed by its customers.
I ordered the Tilapia Over Rice and it was one of the best food truck food I have had. The fish was not over fried and was still soft on the inside. The portion is very generous so this can be an option for students on a budget. When you order any of their food, you can ask for it to be "Bossed Out" meaning to put all the sauces in it. Make sure you are comfortable with all of their sauces first.
I would definitely go back due to being so close to my work.
One more tip, if you are in a rush, go there by 11:45AM as they take pre-orders before they actually open.Right now, they're experimenting with the menu, so it's a cheesesteak quesedilla, a pineapple/rotissarie chicken quesadillia, their famous Cap'n Crunch Burrito, and a veggie thing (sorry, my eyes were on the Burrito!) for now.  At six bucks a piece, you can't lose!  
(BTW, one of the guys is experimenting with deep fried dried long hot peppers.  If you like hot, you like crunch, these can be addictive.  There's not a lot right now, because it's time intensive to get them dried just right.  Try them while you can!)I just want to say the short-rib and chicken katsu tacos are sooo delicious and contain the freshest blend of veggies and meat that can be found in the city of brotherly love. The food is excellent and made stellar by the service of genuinely friendly home grown folks! Much respect to Cucina Zapata!The staff was extremely friendly. I wanted the chicken satay tacos but my eyes were drawn to the chicken katsu platter. The platter was tasty and the portion was decent for $5. I was content. Coming back for more.Can you say YUM?!!!
I have had Cucina Zapata bookmarked for some time now, but I finally made the trek to Drexel to grab the famous tilapia burrito last Friday. We made the mistake of going right during lunch time, but despite the busyness, our food was ready in about 10 minutes.
I loved my tilapia burrito - perfectly cooked, perfectly crusted, and tons of flavor bursting with every bite. I wouldn't say that this was a fancy burrito per se, but for $6 it was delicioso in my tummy. I'd love to return soon for some of their tacos!
One tip is that they're parked on Ludlow, which is under the bridge in this area. Be sure to turn onto Ludlow from Market (not Chestnut) if you are driving or else you'd be very confused.Although this food truck is hidden behind one of the small streets on Drexel's campus, this is one of the best food trucks around. I ordered food here for the first time today and the short rib tacos are delicious, not to mention they're cheap too. The guys working the food cart are really nice and talkative. They even let me try a sample of the mango tea which was very refreshing. Since I went around lunch time, there was about a 10 minute wait before I got my food, but it was well worth the wait. Their Thai Tea was really good too, and totally worth the $2. I can't wait to go back here and try something else.bombdiggity! Chicken Katsu was freaking delicious. Wait times are going to be about 30mins during peak hours but go catch some pokemon while you wait.Yo, this is literally one of the best things about going to Drexel. This place always has a line but it is so worth it. Zapata (for short) is a Thai-Mexican hybrid destination that you need to add to your list if you are in Philly during the week. They are open from 11:30 ish to about 4ish - it fluctuates depending on their schedule - and are right behind Drexel's Main Building.
As a vegetarian, I always would get the veggie burger. DAMN it's the best veggie burger in the city by far. It has cabbage, avocado, and some spicy mayo on top of a homemade patty that's just bursting with flavor. I seriously love it (and miss it now that I work outside the city). Occasionally they have some specials that are vegetarian like their fried avocado balls (SO GOOD) and a specialty pineapple veggie burger (not as good as the original tbh).
If you have a chance, get yourself to Cucina Zapata!Popular food truck on Drexel U campus with fusion Asian Mexican food with Thai and Japanese influences.  Walkable from HUP IS training, 30th street station for MFL and Amtrak station.  Impressed by competitive pricing and fresh ingredients in my Cap'n Crunch Tilapia Burrito made spicy with an added fried egg.  Good portion for even the hungriest.
Biggest downside is the long wait during peak lunch hours as this truck is highly popular with students.  I ordered around 12:20 and waited about 25-30 min before I had food in hand.  Guys in the truck were positive and working efficiently, seemed to keep track of numerous orders.  Plan ahead if planning to hit this place up and on a tight lunch break.Best food truck hands down. I've been here twice and both times I ordered the Cap'n crunch burrito - spicy. Words can't even describe how tasty this is. The Thai tea is also amazing. I want to try the tacos next time I'm here. 
Their prices are very reasonable for a gourmet food truck.Wooo second review for Cucina!! 
Back at again why? Because they're the best food truck that I have tried, obviously. Who needs more food trucks when you have Cucina?
I'm just going to reiterate what I said before about Cucina Zapata. They are incredibly friendly, won't get mad at you when you take a little too long to decide what sauce you want (hehe, guilty), and their food is prepared with love.
I will willingly wait for half an hour before they open just to have their food early in the late morning/early afternoon.  bon appetit/bon bon feet/bon whatever-floats-your-boat!I wanted to like this place sooo badly! Thai Mexican fusion? Food truck? Sounded so awesome!! Unfortunately, the food was below my expectations. (Or my expectations were just too high, having just spent last weekend, and years before, in California and all).
I got the 3 taco deal ($8 for 3, or else it's $3 each). I ordered 2 shortribs and 1 chicken. I'm glad I got two of the shortribs b/c they were by far better (maybe just personal taste). It was a sweet glazed BBQ flavor, yum! Only problem was that the beef was too tough, wayyy overcooked. The flavor made up for it. The chicken was a curry satay flavor, not so sure how I feel about it in a taco.
The soft taco shells were so-so, nothing special, but not bad, probably store bought. The semi spicy mayonnaise was pretty tasty though!
I also ordered mango "tea", which is a slight misnomer. It's more of a really sweet yogurt (condensed milk?) drink... So something like a mango lassi, no tea in it. For $2, it's not bad, but they reAlly should call it something else! Add 50cents to add boba to your drink.
So why 4 stars when I thought the food was mediocre? Friendly service goes a long way, and they just seemed like really nice people. It also led me to discover a whole row of food trucks on Ludlow serving the Drexel community, which I otherwise wouldn't have known about, even though I pass by the area on my walk home every day! They have a few other items I still want to try. Will update as I make my way through the menu!This was my 1st time to CZ at DREXEL main campus.  I had read up on them in advance.
This was one of the best things I've eaten in a long time.  The staff was super friendly and fun!
I had the Cap n' crunch tilapia burrito with spicy sauce!  A party in my mouth of flavors, textures, heat.  The tilapia was a lush piece of fish that was cooked correctly!  Especially since fish can overlook in no time.  The crust was fun but wasn't crispy - that was the only criticism.  The slaw was fresh and the sauce was balanced with heat.
It was a lush, filling, flavorful experience.  I chose the Taro bubble tea - which was a beautiful lavender color and touch sweet of deliciousness. 
This was a meal of tasty proportion!  I can't wait to go back for more.Walked all the way there from 38th and Walnut and it was worth it!  Tried the Satay Taco and the Thai Taco which were both awesome and had wonderful distinct flavors!  The guy that works the window is also very friendly!  Will definitely make the trek back soon.  In terms of Asian fusion tacos...this place is far superior to Tyson's Bees.Unique.  Fresh.  Friendly.  Possibly the best food truck in the city.
Tucked away in a random street on Drexel campus is a food cart unlike any other in Philly.  I feel it makes other food trucks jealous because the lines make it look like a fancy restaurant is opening.  Some clanging inside, and the metal awning lifts at noon (or sometime around there).  Out pours the Captain Crunch crusted tilapia burritos, short rib tacos, chicken curry, and other savory treats.  While the menu only contains 8 or so items, each of them are prepared fresh.  For the price, this is really hard to beat.
Long line but absolutely worth the wait.  Cheers.The cap'n crunch tilapia burrito is excellent. No rice filling lots of protein and veggies. Just the right combo of sweet and spicy. 
Tacos are very good, but a little too greasy and over sauced for my taste. 
Definitely a top 5 west Philly food truck.I love this food truck. Top five places to eat in Philly. I'm from California and love fish tacos. They do GOOD fish tacos! Also their fish burrito is amazing too. Only complaint is the eatability of the burrito. Toppings fall out and the sauce seeps out of the wrapping covering my hands. Kinda messy. And one other thing is the truck is not always open on time. Since I have such a small time window for lunch.... If they don't open on time I have to rush lunch. Still love them  thoughOne of the best food truck there is.
The food is high quality, the crew is nice, always smiling and prompt.
I eat here almost everyday.Awesome and very kind people run this place, so I'm glad to review it. I had the chicken satay taco, spicy style. It was great and the avocado was tasy. No line later in the day so if you walk by after two then its not busy. The guy liked my hat, so that was pretty sweet! I would try it again.Its MIND BLOWING that this kind of food can come out of a truck. Everything on the menu is genius and delicious. The only problem with this place is everyone knows about it so it gets mobbed like a cheerleader on prom night. There's just no space anywhere and you've got to wait your turn. There's no such thing as stopping by Cucina Zapata real quick for your lunch hour. You've got to spend the whole damn hour here. Trust me, it'll be worth it.I cannot say enough amazing things about this food truck. I have yet to have better food from a truck in all of Philadelphia.
This truck is better-than-restaurant-quality food, and is willing to customize the dishes that they have. If you want the best food for your buck, come to Zapata. 
Make sure to try the thai iced tea or coffee, the tilapia burrito, and the mexican veggie burger (and yes you really must try this, even "only eats something if it has meat in it" friend loved this).
I came here a couple years ago at the behest of a friend, and after that first time the owner knew my name.There is a bit of a wait but it is well worth it. I got my usual Cap'n Crunch Tilapia Burrito. It's been a long time since I had it and it still tastes the same. It can be a bit messy to eat- especially towards the end. I always end up with a gloop of sauce as my last bite.Four words. CAPTAIN CRUNCH TILAPIA BURRITO. I was a little skeptical at first, but it lived up to every raving review. The staff is really friendly, and they are willing to correct the order if there is a mistake (despite how busy they are). 
The line is usually pretty long, but it moves relatively fast, and it's totally worth it!If they had better hours, I would be there daily. Chicken Katsu with Thai Iced tea is my typical order but the short rib tacos are great as well. Compared to other food trucks the food here tastes clean and I don't feel gross afterwards. Always excited to go back!I've been meaning to try this spot for awhile now. I went yesterday for the first time and now I can say that the best tacos I have ever had were from a food truck on Drexel's campus. The best part is that it's cheap too!!!Friend told me about a new taco truck, and since it was only a few minutes from where we worked, I couldn't say no! While he raved about the chcken satay taco and the thai taco, I went with the chicken katsu. What a steal for $5! Lots of rice, and the chicken katsu has just enough of that famous brown sauce. Will definitely have to try the tacos next, and all their menu items. Yay for yummy food trucks!
They have thai iced tea....which I absolutely love!Grabbed the Thai short rib and chicken stay tacos for lunch today. There were many layers of flavor and was over an enjoyable experience. Cucina Zapata gave large, no giant, portions for low prices.
A few comments:
The short rib and the chicken were both a bit dry, but given that this is a food truck, it was forgivable
The tortillas could have been warmed for a more well rounded experience
Everything seemed quite sweet
Overall, it wasn't perfect, but definitely good for a lunch food truck stop.Cheap and delicious! Had the Captain Crunch, can't wait to go back for tacos!