This place is definitely a hidden gem along the city ave. Happy hour hibachi (including weekends!!) was fantastic-good portion of food, fresh ingredients, very reasonable price, and good showmanship!Had lunch with my fiance had California roll, the hot green tea and salad, my fiance had salmon and avocado roll, spider roll, salad, soup and with Japanese soft drink...Evert hing was excellent and wonderful atmosphere.Great hibachi, and reasonable prices.  Happy hour special on hibachi (3:30-6:30) had great prices on hibachi combinations around $17-$20. Quality food and friendly staff.The food was tasty, but I believe i got food poisoning from here after ordering on UberEats. This is really disappointing because I originally enjoyed what I got. :(This place has an amazing lunch hibachi special everyday! Very welcoming and the chef was great. Lots of seating and BYOBThe atmosphere was great. Really nice decor, really nice staff. Food was flavorful.  I wouldn't have mind seeing a little more of a "show" with the Hibachi cooks but overall it was a very pleasant experience. I would go back and I highly recommend it.Dirty, empty, and disappointed. I went here with a small party at 6:30pm. We were the only patrons in the restaurant...Not a good sign. The menus, plates, grill, even the check folder was caked in old food. We watched the chef cross contaminate all our food with raw chicken. He wiped the spatula off on a dirty old rag on his cart and continued contaminating further. Save your money.Awesome new restaurant! The hibachi was delicious and the service was simply amazing. It felt like you were visiting family, that's how hospitable this family owned business was. I will definitely be coming back! Interested to try the sushi.We got hibachi and the food was wonderful, as was our chef. We were the only ones eating at the hibachi grills, and can't figure out why. Plenty of parking, plenty of tables, cheery staff, great waitress, tons of food choices. I hope people find this place so they can keep their doors open!Great food and the people that work there are so sweet! Very fresh and short distance to main line and City Avenue.This is a great little Hibachi place! Good and service were both great! Definitely recommend!Very good sushi. Loved the ichiban, shuman and Godzilla rolls. Kids enjoyed the hibachi. Seemed a bit short staffed waitress/waiter wise but our waitress hustled and made up for it. Haibachi show was great. Kids loved the  interaction and noodles. Kids has free ice cream at the end (vanilla). I asked for green tea ice cream and expected to pay but it was on the house. BYOB too. We will be back.My cousin and I ate lunch at Daiki Hibachi and Sushi on 4/21/17 and the food was delicious. The chef who prepared our meal at the table was cordial and very friendly which made our dining experience even more exceptional. I will be visiting Daiki very soon and is thinking about a Mother's day celebration with family and friends I will recommend this place to folks who are looking for tasty food and a friendly atmosphere.My family and I went here for Mother's Day. We were searching for a nice Hibachi restaurant in the area and stumbled upon this place. I looked at the reviews and photos on yelp. I reserved all judgement for when I got there. When I arrived I was not disappointed! The staff greeted us with such warmth and seated us promptly. The food did not skimp on the flavor and tasted fresh. The chef pulled out all stops with food tricks, entertaining us as we waited. My mother order the filet mignon which was so tender it had the "melt in your mouth" effect. The staff was nice in accommodating our needs as we had added other guests to the party last minute. Sheri was so sweet in taking care of my mother and grandmother, making them feel extra special and even presented them with Mother's Day gifts! Through the entire evening, staff was attentive and not pushy at all. I would definitely recommend this place to a friend and I would come here again!We ended up here after being really in the mood for sushi but no where near us was open... I am SO GLAD that happened though because we just had such a great experience and we will DEFINITELY be back. My partner and I both got the 'any two rolls' lunch special which came with salad or soup and 2 rolls of your choosing. I got two shrimp tempura rolls and my partner got a spicy salmon and eel avocado.  We both got the salad. The salad was yummy, fresh, and quick! The rolls were out shortly after and I think it may be the best shrimp tempura I've ever had (and I've eaten them at literally every sushi place ever) the shrimp was freshly fried, the rice was perfectly seasoned, they don't skimp on the avocado or the cucumber or the eel sauce. It was excellent! My partner really enjoyed her rolls also, noting the freshness and quality as well! The service was also great, our waitress was sweet and bubbly and full of energy, and the sushi chef was attentive, talented, and quick! We're definitely going to go back and try the hibachi side next! Check them out if you're around during lunch specials especially:)This was a VERY satisfying lunch. $13 for filet (NY steak is $10) Scallops were $10.. STUPID cheap. The real DRY scallops (expensive ingredient) were perfectly seared and not overcooked. Noodles were perfectly textured and fresh (as were the veggies.) Filet was tender and cooked to order. Well seasoned, interesting sauces.. tons of butter.. Hard to believe these ingredients and that kind of effort result in an under $30 lunch for two. Will be back.
We DID go back ...
We were just here two days ago for the hibachi. With this being a blistering hot day, the wife and I figured sushi would be a great lunch. We're SO glad we came back here. Out goto sushi is Woojung in Plymouth Meeting, mostly for the very creative and well-executed specialty rolls. Their sushi platter left me craving a Costco hot dog on our last visit. At the present time, 30 minutes later, I am not craving ANY hot dogs.  .
Daiki ended up being equal and in some ways better than our suburban bellwether. The six gyowza were delicate and served with a delicious sauce (probably based on mirin... we didn't ask.) My sushi-sashimi combo (at a ridiculous $12.95) came with both a small iceberg salad with tasty ginger dressing - which I gave to my wife and a very umami laden miso soup. The fish was fresh, served at just the right temperature, and included a nice variety of salmon, tuna, yellowtail, mackerel and fluke. These were all made-to-order as was my wife's Ichiban roll (which included spicy tuna, cuke, avocado and crunchy lobster tempura. It was also $12.95.
Service was delightful (the owners) and our water glasses were refilled as necessary. We were checked on at appropriate times during the meal to ensure everything was to our liking. Presentation was simple and beautiful for every dish.
Apparently, they are featuring an AYCE sushi deal on Wednesdays. I think this is something worth exploring. For a place as new as this is, they are hitting on all cylinders for both hibachi and sushi. Owners seem genuinely concerned about the customer dining experience, and that makes a difference.
On a subsequent visit (one of many) I found put they make their sauces from scratch (like the Teriyaki is made with real comb honey!!)This is a hidden new gem.  The food is delicious and the staff is very friendly... I had the pork dumpling and for my dinner I had the steak and scallops.  My Friend ordered the California roll and the steak and shrimp.  We were both very satisfied with the meal. I will be back soon! Yum!This place was very unprofessional and terrible service.... it was my cousins 31st bday and we all got there around 730 and they made us sit and wait till 845 because I got up and demanded we at least be served water and our salads! Once they finally took our orders and starting cooking the gentleman (cook) had an attitude because it was all wrong!! Most of us just dealt with the mix up and was willing to eat whatever because we were that damn hungry!! Then the cook had the nerve to rush and burnt our rice chicken shrimp and steak and then we were hit with a $500 bill! Like it was a complete joke! When I pay 500 for my family food I expect great service.. it was so bad I contemplated on walking out on the bill...
Oh from what it looks like... if you are "WHITE" great place to go! They worship the ground y'all walk on and are very prompt with y'all ordersService was great. The service as just as good and if not better than going to a large chain such as Benihana. You are getting better bang for your buck here! I was blown away by cooking style and showmanship of the chef. Also ordered a plate of sushi and was amazed. Sushi is fresh and very tasteful! Defiantly visiting again and will be bringing friends with me!I ordered from Uber eats and I'm so disappointed!!! I ordered a spicy salmon roll and a salmon avocado roll. Awful! No flavor at all! Such a waste of moneyCame here for lunch with a few coworkers. I ordered the sushi and it was pretty good. Nice and fresh. My coworkers got the hibachi lunch. The chef guy cooked the rice first and put it on their plates, then cooked the veggies and put in on their plates, then the protein. By the time the protein was done, the rice and veggies had been sitting on their plates and looked like it got cold. He was only making 3 meals, so there was plenty of room to push the rice and veggies off to the side, so I don't know why he did that. The salmon looked a bit small in my opinion. Nobody complained about the taste, though...so no comments there. 
Now let's talk about the service. Specifically the chef: He was very sexually aggressive, specifically towards my boss, and made me feel a little uncomfortable. I don't know how everybody else felt, but it was awkward. He kept saying how sexy she is and making sexually-charged jokes, even after she told him to calm down and that she was with her coworkers. I think she even said a few times that he needed to calm down. I mean, it wasn't the worst thing in the world, and he was doing it to be funny and get laughs, but he needs to learn how to read his audience. I would be afraid to take kids here out of fear he would act the same way without considering the children. 
Overall, it was a good experience, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.This place is the BEST hibachi in Philadelphia area!! I hate that every time I come it's empty! Food and service is amazing, I would hate to see this place shut down because of the lack of business. It really is amazing hibatchi AND sushi is top notch!! I would highly recommendJust love the food!!! It's absolutely delicious and so fresh!!! My favorite Asian restaurant in the area! Hibachi is a must to try, very entertaining and delicious! Recommend to everyone! I take here every single friend there who comes to visit me! Thanks to Cherry and Dennis !!!Excellent service , they let us in at 945 & closes at 10 :) Fresh sushi , ty we will be coming back.OMG!!!! The food is delicious and the service was good also!!!! BYOB off the chain!!!! I will be backVisited this establishment yesterday with my husband. The ambiance/decor was nice. The waitress was attentive. 
We got the hibachi dinner for 2 special. The chef was nice, but his performance was... OK. The food was well cooked, but the chef used way too much soy sauce in our dish, and not enough egg. 
I ordered an EEL roll, and they used too much of something in them, and made a few pieces too hard.. 
My experience was nice, but the food was I little better than ok. Nothing to turn me away.This place is the perfect combination of great food and great service. The management is so personable...I feel like I'm home every time I eat there. Highly recommend sitting at a Hibachi table!!4 stars because the yellowtail was stringy and not buttery like a good yellowtail should be. 
The rest was good.  
Ordered 2 pieces of yellowtail nigiri and a roll with salmon, yellowtail and avocado.  Roll was pretty good. The yellowtail cut in small pieces inside the roll was a lot more palatable and easier to eat.
Kind service with a smile.  They really try to accommodate you. 
On the other side of the restaurant there are some hibachi tables.  People were enjoying and it looked pretty good. 
You might want to stop next door and get some wonderful fresh bagels to take home. Pretty delicious New York style bagels.  
This Asian restaurant not worth a long drive, but if you are in the neighborhood, worth trying out.It gets 2 stars only because my teenage daughter liked it.  It started off badly when they said they were out of GF soy sauce.  Seems that, being open only 2 months, they had only bought a small bottle and it had been used up over the weekend {I was there  on a  Monday}.  We ordered quite a bit sitting at the sushi bar.  The sushi chef was a nice young man who drew artful pictures on the plate with colored mayonnaise.
But the fish was extremely disappointing.  My tuna sashimi had a mushy texture and no taste and I gave it back.  The salmon sashimi was good.  The salmon skin roll had very little taste,  The ikura had a slightly off flavor.  Best for me was the New York roll which we had requested topped with tobiko.  My daughter liked her chicken tempura roll and the Fantastic roll {I wasn't enthusiastic about the latter.}  Nice people, they let me use a several days expired coupon, but I will not be back.
They really need to up the quality of their fish and look into how long they keep it and how it is handled.Very good meal with pleasant service. Hibachi chef was great. Chicken and Shrimp hibachi meal for all of us. Definitely a good choice for dinner.there was a coupon in the local paper so we decided to give it a try.  The food was delicious - my husband and I both had hibachi.  Our friends had sushi and the presentation was magnificent.  We had a great time!  The service was incredible.  We've been back since and had just as good a time.  The staff were very friendly and couldn't do enough for us.Tasted seafood udon noodles! Every piece of seafood and vegetables is fresh and big, well worth the price!First time ordering delivery from this place.  I used UberEATS.  I got:
-edamame
-6 pcs assorted sashimi
-1 order of their standard ramen with pork stomach, bok choy, egg, fish cake.
The edamame was fine..
The sashimi was decent quality...not amazing, not terrible.
The ramen wasn't so good.  The noodles were bland, the fish cakes weren't cut all the way and they weren't high quality.  There was a mushroom head in the broth and when I bit into it, I got a bunch of juice that made me gag.  The pork was good, but seemed a little on the tough side.
After reading the 5-star reviews I was hoping for a diamond in the rough.  Unfortunately, I was disappointed.So incredibly kind. Went out of their way for me when I ordered late. Incredible incredible staff. Good is very good too. I loved itWe had our first dinner at Daiki this evening. I have no idea how it got the one bad review it has because it was excellent. The food was flavorful and well-prepared and the service friendly. Our hibachi chef was great! Also had some roll sushi and it was fresh and garnished nicely. Very happy to have this restaurant so close to home. Our meal was better than the same kind of meal at hibachi places in Merion and Havertown. Give Daiki a try!Daiki had great service and wonderful food!
I ordered the tropical roll and the crunchy philly roll, both were delicious and the wait wasn't long at all. 
The hostess and wait staff were very friendly.
Its a decent size restaurant with about four hibachi tables, sushi bar seating, and a few booths. 
Free parking, it's located in a small complex with a few other places. 
I'd definitely visit again!Brief update: The restaurant contacted me this morning, profusely apologizing for our experience and requesting an opportunity to  make it right.  For this I give them a lot of credit. They attributed what happened to the fact that they were VERY busy last night.  Good restaurants should be good at being busy!! But I am more than happy to give it another go.  Hopefully this really was an exception.  Will update the review after the next visit.
I really wish I could write a better review...but I cant.
Very straightforward...
Did a large take out order.
The salad was bagged lettuce mix with a generic carrot ginger miso dressing.
The miso soup literally tasted like dishwater.
There was a foreign object in the Udon (melted plastic).
The sushi was good.  Not great.  But there are so many other places nearby with sushi that is as good or better, there really is no reason to rush here.
I really wish it could have been different, as I love having new places to frequent.  This wont be one of them.My boys were in the mood for Habachi as we left Philadephia. We found this restaurant on yelp and gave it a try. ABSOLUTELY LOVED our experience. Show was good, entertainments 5 boys ages 7-12. Very good pricing (we were there by 6 on a Saturday and benefitted from the early bird offering). Food was delicious!!  Every plate was clean!  The service was top shelf as well. She kept our glasses refilled and very attentive. We can also recommend the spicy tuna and spicy salmon sushi rolls as well. All and all, we will be back and you will be glad you try it!!I dined at this restaurant for Father's Day 2018. I made 6pm reservation, they did not seat me until 6:50. I then waited for over 15-20 mins for my drink order to be taken and then another 15-20 mins after that for my dinner order to be taken. The chef then came over to our table to cook. He was putting on his show and lit the grill on fire (normal Hibachi trick) and the fire was so large it came off of the grill, melted the straws to the drink cups and set the napkins on fire. At this point I should have left. Orders on the table were messed up or missing. My boyfriend's salmon was dropped while chef placed it on his plate. Vegetables were dropped into my water cup while chef was placing them on my place. Drink was not refilled for roughly 15 mins. The food was hard to enjoy due to the terrible service.This is a great place to have an affordable hibachi experience. It is located in a strip mall off of City Line and Haverford Avenue. Shout out to Chris Z for his spot on review and recommendation. 
       The people working here were super friendly and the service was attentive. We were here at an off hour and there was only another couple. 
         Our table side chef was very entertaining and funny. Even with the reduced lunch pricing my wife and I got the full show and treatment. Our lunch consisted of miso soup and onion soup starters. My order should have come with a shrimp appetizer but did not. I mentioned it twice to our server to no avail. 
           The food was excellent. My wife enjoyed her vegetables and fried rice and I really enjoyed my filet of beef and chicken. I had asked for noodles but got fried rice instead. Everything was delicious. The service was fast and friendly. Since it is so close to my home we will definitely return and bring the grandchildren, who will enjoy the show.Oh my where to start...
First of all, the hostess is very energetic and friendly. Ambience is lovely. Service is superb- quick and reliable.
I have never eaten hibachi here, but I hear it's amazing and I know I need to try it.
I come here for the sushi. It's absolutely incredible for the price. All their specialty rolls are unbeatable. Fish is definitely fresh. 
For apps their seaweed salad, miso soup and shrimp tempura are all delicious. 
Wednesday is all you can eat sushi for only $22.95 and you get a list of 25 amazing rolls to choose from- be careful though they charge you if you leave any food unfinished.I ordered UberEats from here the other day and quite liked it. What I didn't like was the jarring $9 delivery fee, but when you want sushi you will go to extreme measures. 
Dinner for two people did cost $60 with this fee, and I'm not sure I'd do that again, but it was pretty good. The highlight for me was the mermaid roll. Definitely worth the money and very fresh and flavorful. Seaweed salad was excellent as well. I wasn't a fan of the gyoza as it didn't have much flavor. My friend got ramen and really liked his. 
I'm
Definitely intrigued enough to try the restaurant in person as opposed to UberEats.Came here for my 25th bday and it was super fun! This was only my second hibachi experience. My party was super late to arrive, regardless of our reservation time, they still accommodated us. One of the best parts about this place is its byob. I brought wine, so good lol For an appetizer, I ordered the shrimp tempura. It was really good. I ate the shrimp and the eggplant, not the onion ring or broccoli. My cousin had California rolls as her appetizer and they were sooo good. For dinner, I had the two meat hibachi special. Shrimp,chicken and fried rice. The shrimp was extremely dry. Wasn't a big fan of it. However, the chicken was really good and the fried rice was excellent! The chef was really entertaining. He did different tricks balancing this egg. The ambiance is beautiful. We took so many pictures lol Overall the atmosphere is welcoming, and their prices are reasonable. I believe I paid $30 for an appetizer and meal. Will definitely be back!I don't eat a lot of sushi but one afternoon I wanted a treat for myself. Anyway I decided to hit up this up because I live in the neighborhood and was walking by. I ordered a miso soup and sushi appetizer, satamazki or something. It was pretty average for the most part. My real complaint is in one waiter, a older gentlemen. From the movement I arrived I was not greeted warmly at all. He stated," What do you want?" In a real curious manner. I mean really dude? I'm here to eat. Anyway as Im looking at the menu, the waiter stood there impatiently waiting for my order. This was after I had already asked for water and soup. Then when I finally was ready, for some reason he made me pay first. As I stated before this was my first time here, so I don't know if this is a regular practice at this establishment. I'm not trying to sound to negative, but it seemed like the waiter did not what me in the restaurant in the first place. I hope it had nothing to do with the fact that I am a African American. I hate pulling the race card, but jezz I never felt so rudely treated at a restaurant before. It almost seems like he believed I lacked the means to pay for my meal. Let me clear, I'm not calling them racist, I don't know them. I am simply trying to reason out why that guy treated me so rudely. Oh and the soup sucks, it was luke warm. So yea I think next time I will just settle for No.1 China across the street. One regular meal and a soup cost the same as my two appetizers at this place.My husband and I ate there tonight. The food was good until we saw two cockroaches run across the table!!!!  I couldn't get out of there fast enough. The waitress took 10% off the bill because she didn't see it.  I would give this zero stars, however it's not an option.Highly underrated. Sherry the host will do anything to make u feel at home. Delicious eats. Just opened a few months ago and already feels like an established joint. Will be coming back.  Had the scallops and steak hibachi with yum yum sauce. When the waiter talks to you he is asking how you want your steak done.I ordered sushi from here and was very disapointed. The sushi was bland and not fresh. The fried sweet potato roll we got was damp and spongey as if it had been fried a few hours prior and left out. The presentation wasn't good either. The sushi looked cheap and quickly made. Everything was room temperature. The photos posted online by other reviewers, the sushi looked great and fresh. I don't understand what happened with my order.The food and service is great. I always get a salad, eel sushi and the hibachi rice. The prices are very reasonable too. 
The booth seating is private and tucked away from the hibachi grills, great for a date night.
And I just love the waitress. She is awesome!!I'm between a two and three star review on this place. The main thing bumping it up to a three was the service which was great. We came in around 5pm on a Sunday and there was no there. Still the service was great, the waitress was very responsive and helped out with everything. 
On the downside the floor was super sticky all over so that concerned me about the overall cleanliness of the place. 
The food was just decent. It was habachi and was ok but not great. My wife had sushi and didn't love it. I will say that the price was good. Definitely way cheaper than Jason toridatsu but I guess you get what you pay for. 
The habachi show was also on the lower end of the spectrum. I couldn't even understand what the guy was saying and they didn't do the thing where they throw the food in your mouth. 
All in all because of the price and service I think I would give this place another try. It wasn't awful just not great.I ordered delivery from here last night. Couple regular sushi rolls and a miso soup. I was extremely disappointed. First of all the miso soup was basically water. No flavor at all. The sushi was below average. Wouldn't suggest ordering from here.This place should be CRAZY Busy!!!!!!?????? WHAT is UP????? 
I IMPLORE ALL of You to give this place a shot!
My friend was off work but had an appointment in my area today & suggested having lunch here, as she works on Haverford Ave & has been many times with her office mates.
I was iffy at 1st b/c I was unfamiliar with the place (on the Philly side, same strip as City Line Deli).  But boy was I THRILLED I went!!!!!!
Not only do you get a FABULOUS, very filling & satisfying HIBACHI lunch, you get a SHOW included FREE of charge & the prices are CRAZY Cheap!
It was SOOO MUCH FUN watching the chef doing his thing which included a little high-risk juggling and an x-rated spray bottle (TOO FUNNY!!!!) All this in the space of a lunch break & I felt it was a FABULOUS & EXTREMELY ENJOYABLE Deal for a VERY LOW Price!!!!!!
If you're reading this review, PLEASE, PLEASE give this place a try! The staff is SOOO INCREDIBLY Friendly, Sweet & Welcoming. I SOOO WANT them to SUCCEED.  I PROMISE, you WON'T regret it! A FUN Time will be had by ALL!  We NEED a GOOD Hibachi joint in this town! Don't you AGREE?So me and my girl dig hibachi, so we checked out this place off the main line Saturday night
We walked in at 8pm on a Saturday night. Was taken back that we were the only people in the place.
Like what's the deal here????
Place was clean, nice atmosphere, etc.Trash. Raw meat. Fried rice was good tho. Got drunk and had a good time but food sucked. XoxoStaff was friendly and service was okay...took a while for the server to take our order cause she was chatting with one of the patron which I'm guessing is a friend...and the hibachi portion was a pretty good size and it tasted pretty okay.  Got sushi under the cooked section, dynamite roll, and the salmon came out raw so if you ever order that make sure to tell them to cook it thoroughly...my husband ended up eating it all since I'm pregnant.  I could've had them cook it again or make another one but the sushi took really long to come out and I didn't want to wait since the chef already came out and started cooking.  It was only my husband, toddler and I so the hibachi show was pretty dry which is understandable.  I would eat here again if I was in the area but wouldn't make the drive for it.This was good, every once in awhile I crave some good sushi and luckily Daiki Habachi and Sushi was conveniently in my neighborhood.
So I decided to order takeout. I ordered the Philly roll and the spicy tuna roll.
Both rolls were about 9.00. Service was fast and efficient. I will definitely return to try more rolls.Maybe I'm just a spoiled foodie who loves to explore new restaurants and food while traveling! Unfortunately this place missed the mark as the food was not up to par at all. The waitress was extremely nice however I was honestly expecting so much more due to the reviews on here. The food was bland and boring. We had to keep asking the chef to add more garlic, more seasoning. I left the entire dish. We went back to the hotel and ordered take out. Definitely removing this place from my collection!Came here for a date night with my fraternity. The owners and cooks here are lots of fun. They perform all these hibachi tricks and spray cooking wine into your mouth. They tossed broccoli at me, but I couldn't catch the pieces in my mouth because I'm uncoordinated. 
We sat around the grill as the cook engulfed the food in flames. The food itself was nice and salty and satisfying. My date and I came really hungry so demolished all of the rice, shrimp, and chicken from the grill. 
We then did karaoke downstairs. I liked how the room had a large dance floor in front of the TV. It made for a fun and great gathering. The owner also made sake bombs and moderated a drinking competition among us. Great times here!When I walked in to pick up my take out there were 2 customers eating salad at one of the habachi stations. There also was a sushi chef there as well. There was literally no employees aside from the sushi chef in there. Not to mention my order was just sitting on the front counter. After waiting in front of their sign that says pick orders for about 5 mins or so. The sushi chef takes the sushi over to the 2 customers at the table looks at me and says nothing. It may have been wrong but I just assumed he didn't speak English so I proceeded to wait. Another 5 mins or longer go by and I'm still waiting I'm watching him clean up his station. I'm thinking to myself like ok he's going to clean up and go get someone for me so I continue to wait. Another 5mins go by and someone walked in behind me to pick up an order and the sushi chef head goes right up and he asked the woman how can I help you. So now I'm a little upset b/c I realize he can speak English and I was standing there for 15 mins without him acknowledging me after he looked up a few times at me. So the lady says she's there to pick up and he races up and brushes past me clearly seeing that I was ahead of her and still not saying anything to me. Then a lady comes out and comes up to the front they couldn't locate the other ladies order but mine was sitting right next to me. As I stood waiting for almost 20mins for my order that was already done. So I got my food and took it home and it was the worst habachi I ever tasted. The rice was pale and had a weird lackluster taste. I ordered the habachi salmon which was hard dried and over cooked. The only half thing decent about the meal were the noodles. Which I'm not sure if I was just hungry and ate it or if it was really just 1/2 decent. Either way food and service was horrible. I see why there was only 2 people in there. Needless to say I won't ever eat there again. Also no apology for not seeing me or having me standing there for 15 mins no thank you or any type of manners from the employees of this establishment. I hope they do better for the next customers after seeing this review.I ordered two steak teriyakis, one with salad, rice, and soup on the side. The other with one rice and two soups. INSTEAD I received TWO soups TOTAL, ONE rice, and two salads. This is totally unacceptable. Very disappointedThis is my new favorite Japanese hibachi in the area. The food is excellent, the service is prompt and friendly, the atmosphere is warm and inviting, the prices are reasonable, the master chef puts on a great entertaining and artistic show, and the owners and staff work hard to make every customer a repeat customer, which I am.  They have a great hibachi lunch special that is eminently affordable, and the Chirashi sashimi lunch special equally so, and both are excellent.  And I have to add, the chicken wing appetizer is astonishingly good - not the usual Asian restaurant wings. Simple, crunchy perfection.Good new neighborhood spot and BYOB with very friendly owners. I have been here twice for lunch with my family. All specials run daily 12-3pm and are between 9-12$ which is a great deal. Whether you choose the hibachi which especially children enjoy or sushi, all fresh and tasty. Wednesday is AYCE sushi too!Daiki has quite the extensive menu! I went for lunch and sat at a grill. Their lunch menu is SUUUUUPER reasonably priced, and offered every day. I had hibachi steak. It comes with salad, soup, vegetables and fried rice. The price? $9.95! I also got the maki combo, which is 2 rolls from their "regular roll" menu- salmon/avocado and a Boston roll. The salmon/avocado was great. I wasn't the biggest fan of the Boston roll, though. Maybe it was the mayonnaise on it? Not sure. 
Anyway, the salad was good- I didn't get the soup because I'm not the biggest fan of miso im general (i don't do tofu). The rice, veggies, and steak were all cooked great! Veggies were zucchini (I caught a piece in my mouth courtesy of my chef), broccoli, onion, and carrot. The ginger sauce and the yum yum sauce were both delicious as well, and I'm not the biggest fan of ginger sauce. 
I also got a shot of sake from the chef- he cooks with it, and it was good too, especially since this place is BYOB (which I think works to everyone's advantage.)
I guess they also have karaoke, which is always a blast. I didn't see the downstairs room, but that's where the entertaining takes place. They also have AYCE sushi on Wednesday, but they didn't have a menu to look at when I asked about the rolls. The guy I asked said it's a mix of regular and special rolls, and the price was about $18 for lunch, and $25 for dinner. I'd definitely return to check that out.If I could give 6 SIX stars **** I would. Great place, very nice hostess and Sonny was awesome! Anyone who gives a bad review doesn't know how to enjoy hibachi. Great amount of food at a very fair price. Service was great and atmosphere was superb!!! Ginger sauce is the bees kneesThis is a good spot if you enjoy Japanese food (which I do! ).  It's an intimate setting... perfect for a date night.  The service has been amazing when I was there.  The sushi fresh and the chicken teriyaki delicious.  I hope that it's successful as it's not visible from City Avenue and Haverford Ave.Nice place to have a more affordable hibachi experience. Its not the biggest so just to be safe i'd make a reservation especially if your party is large. 
They had a special for 2 people to get hibachi chicken+steak combination for I think $34. It included salad, shrimp appetizer, vegetables, and fried rice. 
The chef we got was very entertaining but did not do many of the fun tricks throughout the meal. The food was cooked as requested and made quickly and everything was delicious! 
Overall it was a nice experience albeit a little slower but that's how these hibachi meals typically go.Walked out after 30 min waiting for hibachi despite being literally the only people in the place. Got charged $9 for the salad, but was worth it to be able to leaveThe sushi was not fresh: tuna was black and smelled funky, the avocado was black too, mangos were brown and tasted rotten, the rice was definitely at least 2 days old. I would never order from this place again. I would recommend to check the food before you eat, should you decide to order regardless of this post. Poor job of the BOH manager, who should've checked the food before it was sent to customers.Good new neighborhood spot and BYOB with very friendly owners. I have been here twice for lunch with my family and for sushi dinner. All specials run daily 12-3pm and are between 9-12$ which is a great deal. Whether you choose the hibachi which especially children enjoy or sushi, all fresh and tasty. Wednesday is AYCE for 20$ which include appetizers and rolls.Since there weren't many sushi options on the DoorDash app today to deliver to Springfield, this was my call tonight. 
So my thing is that since I'm a Bariatric patient, I'm limited in what I can eat. So places that serve brown rice sushi sit well with me and my tummy. 
I went for a spicy tuna roll and a California roll, both brown rice. The good thing is that I can save California roll for later. I can handle the spicy tuna roll and maybe a taste of California. It really is good to fill up quickly. 
The spicy tuna roll had a great kick to it. It was maybe a little on the oily side. But I polished it off happily. And the California roll was pretty tasty. I liked the option to order it spicy as well. 
I know it's not adventurous sushi that I ordered. In my gluttonous days I would have thrown down on at least 4 specialty rolls. But I'm happy with the basics now and Daiki delivered.This is a quality hibachi spot!
After doing some research.. this may be the only Hibachi restaurant in the Philadelphia area. 
They have happy hour from 4:30-6:30pm. A nice bonus if you want authentic stir fry but don't want to pay an arm & leg for it. 
Sherry- the host/ waitress was absolutely adorable. She connected with all her customers on a personal level. 
Food was really good (especially the noodles) and portions were pretty big -- had enough for leftovers. 
Only reason for 4 stars is due to the lack of tricks by the chef -- Wish he was a bit more entertaining. 
Other than that, I would be back and definitely recommend.