This diner is clean and the food is good. You can't go wrong with eggs, bacon, and home fries. Their crab cakes are excellent as is the Roasted Scallop Salad (which has disappeared from the menu but I am hoping for it to make a comeback).
Some changes they need to make include putting the crab cake sandwich on a better roll, not overcooking the tasty calamari, and bringing back that awesome balsamic vinaigrette. Also, they need to be sure they have a variety of pies on hand at all times...not cakes...pies...as every diner should.Drive by this place all the time so finally decided to try it out! The service was great and the food was your typical diner food but was good!! The thing I really like was the the place was very clean! We will be back for sure!Great local diner with comfortable feel! Awesome place to go for breakfast on the weekend. Really good comfort food and of course great coffee.
In particular I enjoyed the chipped beef and pancake breakfast combos. Exactly what I needed the morning after a night out in Manayunk. 
Atmosphere is a bit dated but comfortable. I love that it's clearly an old Pizza Hut that has been turned into a diner. Gives it some character.I swear its like some of these people wo wrote these ratings have never eaten at any other diner 
The place is OK , not great, better than Bobs , cleaner than Bobs, better parking than Bobs ..
Havent eaten here for anything other than breakfast so Im basing it my review on that .. ill change it if Im proven otherwise 
SOOOO heres the skinny 
Went for breakfast on a Sunday morn 
Place is about the cleanest place Ive ever eaten at... Im not kidding, you could probably eat righ off the floors in this place...
Service is REALLY good , girls are friendly , ad they buzz around like Bees, on crack! ...my coffee ws never empty, and its good coffee too 
Parking lot is small, if you go on a sunday mornng be ready to do battle with the elderly in all their blissful ignorance ..like honking at you because they want the parking space you are about to pull into (Yes she did) .. or backing into your new car, without even acknowledging it (yes se did)  ....
Inside the place is a former Pizza Hut , so you can get the gyst of the layout 
Food wise, the place is OK, its not great,typical Diner fare ,  they serve helipad sized waffles, and pancakes, but skimp HORRIBLY on things like omletes, homefries etc ...My "omlette" looked like someone unravelled a crepe , it was small... it was good, though... dusting of homefries on the side , toast with too much butter on it like you get at any diner 
If you to compare it to lets say Andys in Conshohocken, Andys makes sure youre "fed" in terms of portion sizes, this place makes sure youve "eaten"....
Wifes eggs with cheese was drowned in cheddar though  again with a pinch of homefries .. good as long as youre not hungry 
Prices are comparable to any other diner 
for now Ill chalk it up as "not a bad little place "A very nice, clean diner with good food. The decor is up to date and everything is clean, which is sometimes hard to find in a diner. The food is nothing fancy, but it's good and the prices are good. The staff was attentive and nice, despite a huge crowd in the place. I wasn't a fan of the previous establishment in this location, but I'll go back to Daiva's again.Great place to get something to eat! But absolutely do not get Carmen as a waitress to serve you. She had such a rude and unprofessional attitude.Amazing food at great prices. The best breakfast spot in the area. The food quality will surprise you, its definitely much better then your typical diner food. Service was perfect.Someone told me that Daiva's food was delicious and that I should check it out. I tried it for dinner and the food was good but I don't think it met the hype that I was expecting. The food was good that is true but I think that it was overpriced for just average diner food and the service was very slow.  Our server was friendly and got our order right but it took a very long time to get glasses of water and our bill. However, the food came out within only ten minutes of ordering so the kitchen is fast! 
I ordered a chicken cheese steak and french fries. I was charged and extra $1.00 for american cheese on the steak. Strange because if I didn't ask for cheese I would have just got chicken in a roll.  It was also $1.75 for fries instead of chips. I recommend the french fries because they were great! My boyfriend got a buffalo chicken wrap and it was very good. 
If you are in the mood for typical diner food this is your spot.Our family loves Daiva's.  The soups are all homemade and they are outstanding. It's the best breakfast in Roxborough and the dinners are amazing too.  Daiva is the Best!I don't normally do a 5 Star but this place deserves 5 stars! Clean, delicious food, there's free parking lot with plenty of space (despite roxborough)! Price is reasonable!i have eaten breakfast here a few times and the food has always been good.We hesitated on visiting after it changed over from Ridge Diner (don't know why) but we were so glad we tried it for lunch last week! Our server was a young guy (Sid?), very very attentive and courteous. The seating is much more comfortable and the interior itself is really nice. Food was great one of us had a full breakfast sampler and I had a sandwich. Dee-lish! Try it out. Menu is extensive so take time to look it over, my choice was on the daily specials.The food is typical diner food, nothing spectacular. I did however enjoy the chipped beef which had long slices of beef in it.
Just recently moved to the area so haven't been able to compare with other places yet, but this will most likely be my go to diner for a while.The food is okay at best. The staff are nice however. I wouldnt order anything else besides breakfast as the dinners and lunches are just okay.The quality of the service was quick and courteous. My friend and I went on a Sunday for lunch and it was packed but we were seated promptly. We got our food ordered and the wait was about 20-25 minutes. The food was great and the price was inexpensive. We both got a burger which costs $6 and it was delicious. The fries were hot and crispy with the perfect amount of salt and the burger was juicy with a soft, nicely toasted bun. I'm very happy with my experience at Daiva's. I will definitely be returning in the future. The parking outside was a little bit challenging to maneuver but the food was worth it.I have been coming here for several years and it seems to be really going down hill fast. Just had a very bad experience and don't think I will be coming back. 
Walking in, we noticed several flies, which is never a good sign for cleanliness. When I received my coffee, the mug was cracked with a chip in the top of it. Then, I received my eggs, which were supposed to be over medium, but they weren't even cooked. I had to send them back. When I tried to open the hot sauce, there was so much dried up crud of the lid that the wood top came off exposing even more nastiness. 
We were never asked if our meal was ok. 
Upon leaving, I asked why our omelette was more than the prices on the menu. I was told that spinach is more expensive ... Not mentioned anywhere on the menu. 
I asked to speak to the manager and the hostess got Daiva. I began to describe everything I have just written and she began arguing with me and saying that I was wrong. I told her they clearly refill the hot sauce and she tells me they are brand new. She tells the server to grab one. The sever opens it and it is filled to the rim with old caked on hot sauce on the top of the bottle and lid. They tried to say they must have received it that way. People make mistakes, but don't try to make me feel bad because your standards have dropped significantly. 
Very disappointed. 
I paid my bill and left. Don't plan to return.A reliable neighborhood diner with decent food at decent prices. I've only gone for breakfast so far but I'd recommend it as a big step up from Bob's and the perfect alternative to the pricier brunch options in the Yunk. Nothing to rave about but also nothing to complain about.Went here for breakfast this past Sunday. Had been here before and knew it was a reliable option.  Would love to have hit up Bob's diner next to my house but this is much more spread out and kid friendly.  
As far as breakfast it's the usual fare and the only thing I've eaten here.  Pretty much have everything you can think of at really good prices.  Quick service.  Reliable. Seems to draw a good crowd.I keep trying to give Daiva's a chance but I think I've had enough.  The food is terrible, the service is poor, and the silverwear is always dirty.  The last time I went all three of the people in my party had a hair on their plate. I ordered over easy eggs.  One egg was completely runny and the other egg was visibly hard. The hash browns were also very dry. Save yourself from spending money on a terrible breakfast and just make your own. Trust me, even the extremely inexperienced cook could do much better than this.Good for brunch! Prices are reasonable for the portions given and the staff is kind. 
Great atmosphere and clean, would recommend to anyone looking for a relaxed time.Went there because my car was getting an oil change next door. Had an awesome omelet and my gf had huge French toast! It is very good. For our food and drinks were 20 bucks. Great price for the good food. Order their Italian or cheese steak omelet. 
Service can be slow at times if the place is packed. Otherwise would be 5 starsI have eaten here over 10 times and all were for breakfast. I complain a lot about my food but never have I complained while eating here. I always get a waffle with bacon and a side scrambled egg and I am not only full when I leave but satisfied. Their waffles are the best! So light and airy!when domino diner burned down four years ago it felt like a family member died. now, at long last, daiva and the crew are back! all i can say is thank god. just had breakfast there this morning and it was excellent. will post another review after trying dinner there. THANK GOD SHE'S BACK!!!Looks like an everyday normal diner from the outside, but food is actually higher quality than what you would think this diner would offer. Friendly servers, not-watered down coffee, and clean plates.We had a wonderful breakfast here!!  The apple pancakes, omelettes, and kid's menu were all fantastic!  Service was exceptional, never letting our coffee run low or get cold.  Five minutes in this cafe and you can just tell it is a true part of the neighborhood.  Daiva herself served us, and ensured our every need was taken care of.  Can't beat this place!Me and my friends come here every time we're in town. This diner has the best coffee to sit and talk over. The food is always fresh & hot and the waitstaff is one of the best around.Went for breakfast, good/fast service and very reasonable prices. Food was decent, will go back to try some other things off the menu.I've been there twice in the past month while visiting the area. It's hard to find a clean eat-in diner that is clean and the family feels comfortable in. Daiva's fits in real nice. The food is very good and has that home made touch (exception-fish and chips, the fish were like frozen battered from the grocery store) with new items on the menu. The staff were all very friendly and prices very affordable. Parking is easy in the back, which is a nice plus on Ridge Ave. If I ever get back to Philly I will most definitely revisit Daiva's.Very disappointed! Arrived an hour before they closed and was told all they would serve is sandwiches. And yet, on their menu it clearly states all day breakfast! Epic fail! Walked out,  never tried the food. Never going back again. Change your times if you are not prepared to do business.Good quality food. Never feel rushed. Spacious inside. Good coffee. Private parking lot & price is good !!!Great food, fast service, and our waitress was a sweetheart. A great new diner in the Manayunk area.Fiancés breakfast was good according to her (French toast, bacon and eggs). My chicken parm sandwich on the other hand was terrible. Straight to the trash can after the second bite. Either the sauce or the chicken had gone bad. Hard pass on this place in the future.Daiva's has an elaborate fence and wheel chair ramp on the side facing Ridge Ave.  The only problem is that there is no gate to get in!!  Me and a few men waiting for the bus kept on pushing at it to see if it was hidden.  Nope.  Entrance was around back.  What a waste of time.  I do not think that the owner wants frustrated customers, or worse yet, customers who walk away without going around back.  They need a sign.
I went there around 5:15ish and the place was pretty much empty.  I didn't see any early bird specials in the menu. No, I am not a senior, but that would have the place full, at least.
Ordered a lemonade, french onion soup and an omlette with crab meat, home fries and toast.  The soup was very good, but I did notice that all the bread in the crock was a uniform cube, like it came out of a crouton box.  When I got the soup, waitress asked me if I wanted another lemonade or water (which was provided in the first place).  I ordered one.  Now to the omlette...it came out flat as a crepe.  I asked the waitress why it wasn't fluffy (i.e like an omlette).  SHe said they made it natural with no milk. What?  Seriously?  I ordered crab, do I look like a vegetarian?  Omlette was irritatingly flat and undersized.  For the price, they could use more than 3 eggs.  It was undersized with some gloppy hollandaise plastic sauce they only added moisture to the dry egg, and no flavor.   The man behind me, with a different server said he didn't want onions in his has browns.  Server said they didn't add anything to the hash browns cause they were served natural.  My hash browns could have used some dag-gon fried onions.  All this natural stuff just seems like the owner doesn't want to spend money on product.  How much does an onion cost, and egg?  Waitress disappeared most of the time.
Now for the lovely hand-written bill I got.  It was scribbled all over and things were not labeled. Oh, EXCEPT the fact they charge for each serving of lemonade I refilled. I was like, you have got to be kidding.  Then the hostess pulled out the menu, and in small print it says this.  I hadn't even had the chance to look at a menu before ordering the lemonade.  If there is an up-charge, they NEED to tell people!
The food is overpriced for the neighborhood and by diner standards.  There is also a lovely freezer unit in the dining room across from me that squealed every 5 minutes when staff opened and closed it.  Get some WD-40.  It was really annoying.
The only good thing besides the soup, I found was the male waiter.  Of course, he wasn't MY waiter.  He knew the menu, was friendly with the guests and seemed like an asset any restaurant would love.  Not this place.Good is just ok, prices are ridiculous. Don't ask for anything extra. A little cya holindase sauce wad$1.50. Home fries small and flat against dish. Paid$15 for breakfast, did not inform me of any xtra charges. Bob's dinner had twice the food, tastes better and half the price.Been there twice in past week and it's a good place. Food is good, service is good. It's a good diner. Menu has a lot of options. Pricing is not bad at all. Parking around the rear, it looks closed during day but it's definitely open. Will be back again.I've been here for lunch about three times over the past year.  While the breakfasts look great, I've never gotten there that early for whatever reason.  I have had the chicken croquettes, honey-dipped fried chicken and meat loaf (all of which are Diner bellwethers.)  Each time, there food was plentiful, and well prepared.  The fried chicken (half a bird) was shatteringly crisp and hot from the fryer.  Mashed potatoes were homemade Red Bliss with bit so the skin flecking the pile.  Cole slaw had a subtle addition of horseradish that gave it an edge over the bland type one usually encounters.  This is classic American (with some Greek) diner fare.  Salads are tooth chilling iceberg/tomato/red onion.  Drinks are refilled as needed by a friendly staff.  It gets four stars because it IS a diner, and not haute cuisine, so let's keep things in context.  It's an excellent, clean efficient, friendly diner. Prices for dinner entrees average around $12, so very reasonable as well.Excellent breakfast with great prices and good service!  Must try the Belgian Waffles with strawberries and whip cream.  The french toast is amazing too!  Food is WAY BETTER THAN  LeBus and it cost half the price. Oh and Breakfast is served all day! I can not wait to go back and try some of the dishes on their dinner menu.  This is not your average diner!  The food is fresh and leans toward being more upscale.  I highly suggest you try Daiva's.  The food is incredible and prices are even better.  Oh and it beats dealing with the nonsense on Main St.Terrible service. Food took forever and came out plate by plate for my family of 5. My husband had to get up to get his own coffee because the waitress blatantly ignored his empty cup.Very nice wait staff serving incredibly small portions for market prices. It would have been nice if the Swiss cheese in my omelette was melted. The home fries are like 20% seasoned salt. Should have gone to Wawa.I went here for breakfast with my boyfriend the other weekend and it was pretty good. The place is well laid out, has a decent sized parking lot, and is very clean. The menu seemed kinda boring to me compared to other fancier, breakfast places. But, they had the basics. I got french toast and it was good. I would never come to a diner for anything besides breakfast food because that's usually what they're best at. The prices were pretty reasonable here. It was about $20 for both of us. The service here was definitely above average for a diner. Our waitress was great. Overall, I enjoyed it here and I will probably end up coming back for breakfast sometime.The food is good but sometimes inconsistent. The servers are always friendly.
The hours can be a little odd so check before you go. Overall it's a clean diner and my family is always satisfied.Last time here. They can never handle the volume of people. Eggs and bagels how hard is it? No coffee refills, practically forgotten about.Breakfast Burrito is very good. I hardly ever like the homefries served at diners but i must say I enjoyed themhere. Also try the amazing french toast. Its a behemoth of flavors. The portions are ample. I would definitely go back to Daivas.One of the best restaurants I've been to. Byob and full of great service and food. It's well priced and the selection is exquisite!This place was very clean and service was good. We had lunch, originally was supposed to breakfast but changed our minds. We the nearly the best potato skins we've ever had, it loaded with bacon and topped with cheese. I had the steak quesadilla. I thought the portions were big and there fries are delicious. My girlfriend had a grilled chicken club which she says was good. I will be going back for those tater skins.Pretty good diner. We went here for breakfast. Coffee is bottomless and diner quality. The food and service were both fast which is great on the weekends! Especially liked the breakfast potatoes but that might have just been my hangover. 
Only bad part was that our server was the sweatiest man in the world! He kept wiping his forehead and touching our drinks. Kinda gross....Usually the food is good and service is quick. I don't know if there is a new owner but there was 1 waitress, no busboys and the hostess was pleasant but slow. Ordering took over 30 minutes and the food took longer. The food was both cold and did not taste good. I hope this is not the new norm but it will be a long time before we go back.Man did Roxborough seriously need a diner. Technically we already have 3, but Main Street sucks (even with booze to sell), Taylor's might as well not exist, and Bob's is way past it's prime plus I've had too many skeevey experiences there to ever go back. Daiva's (pronounced like the "diva" in Godiva Chocolate, or so a waitress says...) fills a major void in my hangover remedy repertoire, and they may even be byob to boot (Lady Davia's old spot was an unofficial byob diner, so maybe if they aren't officially one, they still might look the other way). 
Daiva's is an average sized diner with good food for an reasonable price, but it scores extra points for bringing back something to this neighborhood that has been lacking for many years. As other's have said, the owner came from the Domino (and it looks like a lot of the wait staff did too), so let's hope this new spot can enjoy the longevity and success the old one did (during the Vlahos years, that is), and that it can avoid a fire like the one that did the Dom in, coincidentally striking after business went downhill. 
Filled with many window booths (likely holdovers from the location's Pizza Hut days) and even more tables, but with extra visibility inside because the old school window tint has finally been removed, the place and staff shine with that new penny luster that makes you feel safe eating here, a feeling lacking in the other borough diners. I'm all about eating my food a climate controlled environment with the added UV protection of a roof and walls, but, for you sun worshipers, there is also a fenced in patio with limited seating so that you can enjoy all the splendors of Ridge Avenue.
I still thoroughly miss Pizza Hut, though technically speaking I am much more happy with the food available at Daiva's, but at least I will always have my memories (talkin' 'bout you, Pocahontas impersonating Hut waitress).We had just moved into the area from a different part of Philadelphia - a wasteland of really poor restaurant choices - and, out of habit, didn't have high expectations for this diner.  We were overwhelmed by the excellent service and the REALLY good food we ate.  Liver and onions, flounder (yes, really good diner flounder), and a chicken quesadilla.  The portions were generous, the prices as expected.  We are so happy to have a go-to neighborhood restaurant.The food is good.  The place is Clean.  The servers are Nice people.  I couldn't ask for more from a local diner.Today I ate here for the second time. It's pretty good, pretty reasonably priced diner food. It's your typical greasy spoon kinda place. It's not the best food, it's not the worst food. I definitely enjoyed my meal, and so did my wife, both times we went. We will definitely be back when we need a cheap, easy diner fix.
The customer service leaves something to be desired. The staff looks tired and bored and just friendly enough. Our first visit, our waitress brought our check by before I had the chance to ask for a slice of cheesecake for dessert--I hate that! You house at least ask if we're completely finished before bringing the check. Then she saw we pour cash on the table... She walked by and asked if that was her tip! I said yeah and she took it. Also kinda weird to do. Then we saw she was cashing out her tips so obviously she was leaving, but I think there's a better way to do that. Today's visit was much better. Our waitress was kind and kept checking on us and brought us more drinks. She also said "I'll be right back with your check" which leaves the opportunity for us to say hang on I want something else, if we wanted to.
All in all its a good place and Id recommend it. We only had breakfast food, but it was good!Just moved to Roxborough and my roommate picked here for our first breakfast out. I was super glad she did. I ordered the cream chip beef meal. The cream chipped beef was excellent and the thinly sliced potatoes fried and seasoned with paprika were fantastic.
Mona our waitress was super sweet and super attentive. I got a refill of both my coffee and water from her before I even realized that I needed one. The buser also offered me a refill and made sure to clear our table as we finished. 
The restuarant was full of families who have this as a Sunday ritual and people grabbing a quick bite before church. The resturant is affordable and great no matter your party size. I highly reccomend it for breakfast.So, my son & 8 month old granddaughter were visiting me from out of town. I said,let me treat you to lunch,theres a really nice family oriented diner close by.We walked in, the hostess asked us how many of us, we said 2 adults & a baby.We wanted a booth because the baby,who is 8 months old will not sit in the high chair & a table wouldn't work, he knows this from past experiences being out with her. The hostess said we have no booths.My son & I said there were (2) large half moon shape booth's available, we just wanted one of them but she no, it was too big!! We said, oh its fine because there were no other booths available. She again said no,its for like 10 people.My son said,if 10 people walk in, we'll move!! We only had 45 mins. to eat because he had to on his way! Well, I think it was the owner who was standing there & said its ok, they can sit there!! I was so embarrassed the way the conversation was going, I just wanted to leave!! Well,the hostess said follow me,took us to our table put one menu down, & walked away!!After waiting about 10 mins. to be asked what we would like to order,, our waitress came & said,I'm sorry!! I think she was embarrassed as well!! We stayed because my son was pressed for time !! So, because of the commotion of getting a table, & then waiting a good 10 mins.to be waited on we had to inhale our lunch so my son could be on his way!! I go there often and have never experienced anything like this before!! I am so disappointed & embarrassed because I told my son this is a friendly & family oriented place & it was all but that today!!!  I say, shame on you, hostess, for your ignorance & your unprofessional manners!!! Won't be back!!!!My new favorite breakfast spot! Very affordable and great service. Great menu and food!This is my absolute favorite spot in NW philly to get breakfast. You don't need to decide between bacon and sausage when you order the breakfast combo, so extra points for that.I like this place a lot.  Really good food, reasonable prices.  Ive never waited or a table here for longer than about 5 minutes either.  The staff is great, and I feel welcome every time I eat there.  Give it a shot.I have been a "regular" for years at Daiva's, ever since she took over from the Turkish brothers who had it before. I ate there an average of 6 days each week. I would sit at the counter, usually the same seat, and order breakfast every day. I knew most everyone, customers, waitresses, cooks. When Daiva first opened, things were fine, but gradually the place slipped in quality, attitude and price. Some things you let slide, like variations in serving size, normal price increases, etc. But lately, there has been a noticable pattern of using the cheapest quality food and a lot of "nickel and dime" extra charges. For example, eliminating the senior discount on most meals, unreasonable extra charges for lemonade refills or adding charges for any variations to the menu. The last straw was today. I ordered a Spanish omelette. When it came out, it had only the smallest amount of "sauce" on it. I asked the waiter if he could put on just a little more sauce, just a small dollop. When he came out he says "It will cost an extra dollar". I laughed because I thought he was kidding. He was not. I protested and asked to speak to Daiva. She wasn't there. He tells me that Alex the manager ordered the extra charge. I said I wanted to speak to Alex. Alex refuses to come out of the kitchen and speak with me. I poke my head in the kitchen and ask Alex if he's serious? When he says yes, I tell him I come in here almost every day for years and that's not right. Alex, the manager says, and I quote "I don't give a shit."  At that point I tell the waiter I'm leaving, don't eat or pay, and let them know I will not be back. What a stupid and disrespectful way to treat a customer!  I spent an average of $250 dollars a month to eat there. Over the last two years, that's about $6000. I will tell this to my friends and recommend that they eat somewhere else. I hope Daiva reads this.Our new favorite diner.   Clean, friendly service and better than average diner food.    Even the salmon was good.Good food, reasonable prices and it's a B.Y.O.B! What else can you ask for?
 When you walk inside you can feel the friendlies environment. I always leave Daiva's diner happy and always have a good experience ;) !Best breakfast place on Ridge Avenue in Roxborough currently.  Better than Bob's Diner and Taylor's Cafe.  I had the Breakfast Combo a number of times.  It is very good.  I can only speak for breakfast, not for lunch or dinner.  The interior is what it is, it is a former Pizza Hut, I can live with that...  Open at 6am on weekends, 7am during the week.  Recommended.this place is disgusting!!!!!  there was a black hair in my food! the  cooks (will not call them chefs) could absolutely care less about what they are doing in the kitchen.  i have had bad experiences here before (mostly with orders coming out wrong) but this absoultely was the last straw!  there are too many other spots where the kitchen cares about what they serve.  the poor waitress was mortified..not her fault but this place really lacks a respect from the kitchen end as to the food being served and the patrons in every way.  warning...really do not go here.  if you do be very prepared for something wrong!!Located near Roxborough High School I stumbled upon this gem upon while wating it out while my son took a Saturday SAT Subject Test. The restaurant is clean. The atmosphere is a traditional country style diner. Service was fast and friendly. Dion and the Belmonts on the speaker. When I ordered a banana pancake I asked if the fruit would be on top or inside. The waitress replied "Any way you like it." Pancakes, Canadian bacon, nova omelette, coffee, and hash browns and wheat toast were all served hot and delicious! Will be back again when my son takes the ACT exam in the fall!Recently gave this place another try after a long time and I absolutely loved it! The food was delicious for all at my table and the service was the best I've had in a while. The server made sure we were enjoying our breakfast out and kept the coffee refills coming. 
Honestly wish I didn't wait so long to try it again.My husband and I went to this restaurant yesterday.  The place is clean and looked invitng but that is where it ends. Our waitress was grumpy and clearly didn't want to be there and appeared like she didn't want to wait on us. She slapped the menus on the table and left. About 10 minutes later she asked what we wanted to drink. We both ordered coffee. Another 10 minutes passed before the coffee arrived. In the meantime this elderly caucasian waitress totally ignored us. When we asked her a question ablout the breakfat menu she shouted out while walking "IT IS LOCATED ON THE BACK OF THE MENU". We couldn't believe our ears.
My husband and I had enough and decided to leave after paying for our coffee. That same waitress came to the register while we were waiting to pay for the coffee,, and more or less shooed us out the door saying never mind about paying for the coffee. No trying to apologize for the service or that we were leaving without ordering our food. The rudeness of this waitress is unexcusable and we will NEVER go back again.Service here is always very quick and friendly, and the breakfast is always the perfect weekend meal. The coffee here is what sets it over the edge; something about it is just SO incredible. Normally I'd never recommend a place on it's coffee alone, but this is better than anything I've had before. I wouldn't go anywhere else besides Bob's in roxborough for breakfast.The food here is delicious and the dining room is pretty. The problem is the service. Took 30 minutes to get a refill on my coffee and 10 minutes to get the boxes I asked for. Would try again and hope for better serviceLocal little dinner with good food and atmosphere. The issues lie with the service and waiting. Food takes well past normal expected time and sometimes servers seem to forget about you as you have to remind them about drinks. Food has come to our table once showing how much they forgot. Great possibility for the dinner but improvements neededI been to this place for breakfast around Christmas time last year and my experience was a very good one. The wait time wasn't long at all. The customer service was great,the atmosphere was pleasant with a diverse crowd of people and I really enjoyed the food. Although I didn't have lunch there.I would definitely recommend Daiva's Grille as a place to visit for breakfast. I only gave it four stars becasue I didn't try the lunch there.What a nice dining experience! The food was delicious and the service was top notch. The busser was constantly walking around to clear tables and give more coffee. Our server, Greta, was so friendly and attentive. I don't know how she struck that perfect balance between respecting our table's private conversation and checking in on us, but she did. We all felt cared for and I would love to have her again. Also, there's plenty of parking and the restaurant is really clean. Needless to say, I am impressed and I will certainly be coming back soon!Food not good, service not great. Will not be coming back. Still searching for a good diner in the are.I am torn writing this review. First time I went daivas we came for breakfast. Food was delicious and service was great. Mind you the restaurant was packed. No issue. Last two times we have went for dinner things were different.  Food was good however the service was not. The waitresses are nice but service is extremely slow which doesn't make sense because the restaurant was practically empty. I was positioned to see the kitchen and both times I could see finished food just sitting there waiting to be picked up by the waitress for significant periods of time-like literally over 10 minutes. Such a disappointment and what should be a relatively quIck meal turns into an hour plus visit.My family had brunch at Daiva's about a week ago . Besides the out of this world Banana french toast my son ordered, which tasted like a giant cinnamon bun - the other entrees were just OK. I got the Portobello Benedict. It was unseasoned and flavorless. The eggs are supposed to be poached on a Benedict, the eggs on my entree where well done and basically ruined it for me, because i love poached eggs ! My friend got  an omelet, same story - unseasoned and just OK. For close to $40 on brunch we were disappointed..It's a solid 3.5. Doesn't blow you away or anything but it's good for a local diner. We each got a different omelette and homefries - both were relatively mediocre but better than Bob's Diner down the street. The coffee was probably the worst part of the meal. Tasted awful - not sure if it was a fluke but we barely sipped them. It's really inexpensive if you need a quick bite.Oh man. Just left this joint and boy am I disappointed and only comfortably full, not stuffed. 
When we walked in there was already a wait. Which Im fine with, I actually like to see that at diners and such.  wait was only about 10-14 minutes.  
Our food took quite a bit to come out.  Maybe 20 min. In that time was able to observe how efficient the busser amd hostess were but also noticed how our waitress spilled the pitcher of water on the table next to us. She was filling someones water straight onto the table and I guess it all came pouring out onto the table and some on his plate of food. 
I ordered the breakfast combo, with side creamed chip beef. My friend ordered breakfast combo as well. When our food finally came out, I couldn't believe my eggs looked the way they did. I wanted scrambled eggs but got old yellow rubber on my plate. So that was a bust. There was probably 1/2 potato on my plate. The French Toast wasnt bad, either was the creamed chip beef. It was very basic, hard to go wrong on that. My friends pancakes were nice size. But that didn't make up for the lack of potatoes and eggs on my plate. The waitress didnt seem very aware. 
My experience here probably wont bring me back. Came here because we were in the area, but i would rather drive a little further to go somewhere else.Ok been awhile since I reviewed this place, have been there for breakfast, lunch and Dinner, the place is VERY GOOD with good service, portion size is slightly smaller than what you might get at some diners, but they don't skimpThis review is for BREAKFAST ONLY - frankly not a big fan of lunch here, never been for dinner, but BREAKFAST is great!
This restaurant, in a former Pizza Hut, is the only really good spot on Ridge Avenue for breakfast.  It is always clean, large enough that you will not have to wait long or outside, has efficient staff, is priced fairly, and has a menu varied enough to please anyone.  
Again, this is breakfast only!  Food highlights for me center around the omelettes.  now they have the traditional bacon-cheese or western, and those are good, but the Maryland Crab, the Philly Cheesesteak, and the Lox and Onion stand out as excellent.  Ask for your potatoes well-done though, as occasionally they can be not quite cooked all the way.  Other excellent options include the horrifically named Cholesterol Builder (creamed chip beef with toast, eggs, potatoes) and the croissant sandwich.  You cannot go wrong with the pancakes either - not too heavy, not too sweet...but packaged syrup?  Bring your own.  
The only failure on the breakfast menu is the Corned Beef Casserole.  It's straight from the can and tastes like it.  If you cannot do corn beef hash right, please don't do it at all...but please do it Daiva!  
Prices are a touch on the high side, but not outrageous.  More attention could be paid to the coffee cups for us caffeine addicts, but the servers are all awesome, the pace is fast (you won't waste your morning waiting for breakfast), and anything not up to par is quickly fixed.  
BEST BREAKFAST ON RIDGE AVENUE!I am sad to say that my last visit to Daivas was a bit disappointing. This used to be one of my go-to lunch spots, but lately, the service has been very slow. So I am unable to eat here within my hour lunch break. I came in the other day to have some delicious Chicken Parmesan for lunch. I was seated promptly, but no waitress stopped at my table and I waited 15 mins for anyone to even acknowledge I was sitting there. Another 10 minutes later my water arrived. I got a lunch special which came with a salad. It was brought over with no dressing or utensils. Than the waitress informs me that they don't have the dressing I wanted. By the time my entree arrived I had about 10 mins left to eat, or I would return late back to work. I had to have my food brought over in a to-go container because my time was up. So dissapointed!! The food is good, but if you don't have time to spare this isn't the spot to go.My husband and I wanted to try something new. We had heard good things about Daiva's previous diner establishment.  The diner was very clean and newly remodeled. It has parking in the back, which was convenient.  I wasn't a huge fan of the super bright fluorescent lights that were in every light fixture. Anyways, the food is what's important. I ordered the ultima stuffed french toast.  It was definitely ultimate.  3 huge slices, with bananas, strawberries, walnuts, sweet cream, and whipped cream. It was too sweet too eat the entire thing, and I only ate one slice.  It was good, but I would've preferred it to be less sweet.  My husband ordered eggs overeasy, toast, a bagel, and home fries (carbtastic, I know). Eggs were done perfectly which is something he often complains they are over cooked.  The only thing missing was some flavor in the home fries.  They were pretty bland. Service was good. Oh, the coffee was very good.  We would definitely come back, but try a different meal next time.I arrived at Daiva's for a late breakfast. When I entered I noticed that the waiter was sweeping the floor. Okay - no one sitting on that side (parking lot side)   However, after I began eating on the Germantown Avenue side, (the food was OK).  one of the waiters moved the tables that were to my 
 right and he and the waitress BEGAN TO SWEEP THE FLOOR!!!  Dust was flying and I asked why they could not wait until the customers (total 9) were finished eating. His response was that the owner insisted that they do it two to three times per day.Meet family here 2 to 4 times a month. Good food and staff! Have never had a bad meal!