Alright. I called and asked about operating hours and the girl on the phone was so sweet and offered to make a reservation for us! Already better service than any other restaurant. 
Upon walking in the restaurant was beautiful. Bar was amazing. The whole vibe was raw and warm at the same time. 
We go upstairs and two servers took care of us. Not rushed. Casual but polite. Our server gave us a ran down and he was legitimately a really cool guy. 
We ordered 
DanDan Noodles- these were good. Every place has their spin on it. These were tossed table side. I would say it was heavy on the peanut flavor and the noodles weren't as "bite to the tooth" or "al dente" as I personally like. Still good. HUGE portions. 
Sichuan Cold Noodles- I am just a cold noodle fan. I like cold noodles in general. These were great! Loved the Sichuan chili oil sauce. Great crunch. Just delicious. 
Scallion Pancakes- very Taiwanese. These were the epitome of Taiwanese pancakes. 
Pork braised rice bowl. This was $1.95. Yup. In a regular bowl. It was so inexpensive and so good. The pork belly was tender and soft and everything you can dream of. 
Garlic Pork- I love myself pork belly. I must try garlic pork everywhere I go. This is the dish that allows me to see if I like the place or not. It was delicious here. Great garlic flavor. The sauce was done right. 
Wonton in Chili Oil- delicious! Top 3 wontons. The sauce was perfect. Hints of vinegar. The wontons had good filling. Me personally would have like the skin to be a bit thicker but that's a personal preference. 
Dinner for 2 was a success. Great job guys. Thank you to our server was being amazing.You must go! Except going back to cheaper, typical Chinese takeout will make your eyes rain tears of regret. Almost everything was perfect. I don't usually like Wonton Soup but i was seduced their delicate wontons and clean simple but flavorful broth. Excellent scallion pancakes, Dan Dan noodles, spring rolls, and three cup chicken (a little in the sweeter side for some). Skip the black peppercorn entree unless you like heart burn and acid reflux, huge portion w. overpowering sauce. Excellent service.This place was recommend to me by my brother. So we drove up from Maryland just see exactly what he was raving all about. I must say I was not disappointed. We walk right in and was seated. We got the Dan Dan noodle and the Dry Pot ( I think that was the name) but both were good. Must warn you of the spice level. I thought medium would be somewhat warm but it was very spicy so if you can't handle spicy food try just the regular spice level. Would definitely come back.Loved it! Had my friends bday party here. They were very compliant with our requests for lighting and cutting our cake. They had great food. We ordered the scallion pancakes, dan dan noodles and the 3 pot chicken. Was enough food for 4 people. The dan dan noodles had a spicy peanut sauce which was delicious! Definitely would go back!I live in NYC and was here for the opening weekend and am generally here at least twice a month. 
The food is great and incredibly cheap. Minced pork over rice is $1.75....
Design wise, the place clearly didn't retain an architecture but it's generally fine and unobtrusive. 
The service is great and if you go during lunch on a weekday, you may be expected to wait 15 min or so for a table. Otherwise, their table turnover is quite fast (within a couple minutes).Pretty good Chinese. The spicy dishes are no joke! The dry pepper chicken really hurt my stomach after eating because I'm not used to spice like that. The black bean chicken was great and we would get that again. The fried rice tasted on the healthier side but still great. Pot stickers to start were average ( mine taste the same from a grocery store ). I'd probably return to Jane G's for my Chinese.I would recommend the Three Cup Chicken; a dish that's not too oily or drenched in sauce. The service is absolutely horrendous; very rude servers.I'm a huge fan of Dan Dan. There are plenty of Asian spots around the city but this is my favorite. i love the pot stickers but the best thing that I like are the noodles at happy hour for $5 they give you a delicious bowl of Dan Dan noodles big enough to share with a friend. I love that they are warm and savory going in, and then spicy in the finish. So delish! But the thing I love most is going there on Wednesday for happy hour, (4:30 - 6:30) is the bartender Nate! I've known him for years and he is a master mixologist. He can make you any drink you want and it will be perfect every time! He's very personable and always has a great story. I can eat and drink from home, but I come to Dan Dan for the excellent food, great service and the wonderful hospitality from Nate.This is Han Dynasty for the uninitiated, perhaps even the timid.
From the rumor mill, it's been said that this restaurant came as a result of a family feud (Han and his sister?) - and thus Dan Dan and also Han's namesake famous noodle dish came to be.  I think we can live in a city where Han Dynasty and Dan Dan can coexist.
Han Dynasty is the traditionalist, more authentic with a kick, while Dan Dan is (can I say it?), more Americanized.  
Perfect quick lunch spot in a conveniently modern space, with service to match.  Three dishes to split for two and you are more than fine, and perhaps even stuffed.  
My standard: Dan Dan (duh), bok choy, and a protein to go with (have your pick).
Can't lose.Nice dishes. Good heat. We all felt not enough veggies.  Shrimp w garlic scallions and bok Chou was very healthy portion. My brother had duck and loved it. Hot pot very aromatic. Great!!!!!!!!!!!!! Service!!!!!!!!!!!!!all to be commended. Well done!Quite simply, perfect. I was aiming for a quick tasty noontime meal, and as a longtime fanboy of the handy nasty empire, I couldn't resist stepping off 16th for a seat at the bar where I was very well looked after by Mark. I am sure they're sick of the comparison to HD, but my lunch at Dan Dan exceeded every expectation. Sooo glad I got there at 11:58AM (seats aplenty seats galore) because by 12:02PM, there was barely breathing room. Okay, so it was full, but not a mosh pit, and I had no troubles with elbow room or close talkers. I decided on Cumin chicken (~$9 for a lunch portion) and dumplings in chili oil. Small gripe about paying a few extra bucks for brown vs white rice, but the brown rice was a generous nutty perfectly cooked portion, so maybe the extra $ was okay.
The Cumin chicken was dreamy, perfectly portioned to satisfy, but not overfill. Lots of complex spicy depth to the seasonings with a good amount of thinly sliced chicken breast served with crisp fresh veggies. The dumplings in chili oil had wrappers that were not too thick or too paper thin, in a complex spicy broth with the usual sprinkle of sesame seeds and just the right amount of oil. Overall heat level in both dishes was right on the mark - complex and flavorful with enough heat to warm you up and get your nose running, but not at all unpleasant or overdone. Looking forward to a return visit sooner rather than later... Def need to dive deeper into the menu!Went to Dan Dan last night for dinner and it was very good. 
We started off with the chicken potstickers and they were delicious! There are 6 in an order, lightly fried served with a sweet sauce. The dumpling wrapper is very light and we loved them! 
Next we had a Beef Lo Mein and Dry Pot Chicken.  The beef Lo Mein was ok, a little bland but still good. The Dry Pot Chicken was good but we expected more spice since it was rated 5 dots on the menu. I found that if you mixed it up or really soaked it in the chili oil that is in the bottom of the wok, it enhanced the flavor.
Servers were attentive and gave us extra rice. We also thought the food all has a slight sweetness to it. 
The only problem we had was that in between our appetizer and meal, it took a long time. All of the tables around us (who ordered after) received their food but we still hadn't. Our server explained that the kitchen lost our check but it was being made right away. The manager was very apologetic so that was nice. 
Overall, DanDan is very good but I would still pick Han Dynasty over DanDan. Would definitely go back again!I have returned to Dan Dan a few times now and finally was able to bring my boyfriend along. We both loved the food and he even got me to try food that I never liked to eat as a kid! Dan Dan remains one of my favorite spots in the city!I liked it. But nothing stands out as something that I really want to go again. 
Pros: Dan Dan noodles, Spicy Tofu/Fish (Large able to feed 3 people)
Free tea! (You have to ask)There's a buzz def hanging in the air around Dan Dan in the heart of Center City Philly and everyone I know who has been there just likes it. The Philadelphia Inquirer restaurant critic recently rated their signature Dan Dan noodles as only average.  Say what??  They're not average!....they have an excellent consistency and are very tasty with a spicy kick.  I love the Dan Dan noodles at Han Dynasty and I like these as well.  The ground floor bar area is cool and the popular dining room is upstairs.  Service was very friendly.  So with its prime location near 16th and Walnut Streets, Dan Dan Noodles is a good bet wherever you're eventually heading to in Center City.I've had this restaurant on my radar for a while now because I always walk past it when I'm shopping in Philly. I came in at 9:00 pm on a Saturday and it was a little crowded but there wasn't a wait, so that was great. The hostess, waitress, and other staff were very nice and accommodating. They made conversation which is always a plus. 
The reason I'm giving this place a 4 star review is because of the scallion pancakes I ordered. The sauce that it came with was perfect! It had just enough sweetness and it was a little tangy. However, the scallion pancakes weren't so perfect. They were dripping oil, which ruined the appetizer. They should be light and crispy, not greasy.
That was the only not-so-great thing about Dan Dan in my experience.  
On the other hand, The entree was the bomb. I ordered the Dry Pot Chicken and it was SO spicy. I love love love spicy food and this certainly satisfies my craving. The heat creeped up on me with each bite. The chicken was succulent and tender, and the other vegetables were a nice addition to the dish. It also came with a complimentary side of rice. I will definitely be back at Dan Dan for lunch!I took a take out with chicken soup and Eggplant w. Garlic sauce as entree. They forgot the rice!!!!
I called and they said you can come pick it up then!
I'm not going to go to pick up something they forgot. They didn't offer to deliver it!! Also eggplant tasted really bad!!!! Not going there EVER again!!!Love this place, particularly for its dan dan noodles and for its Taiwanese menu! Basically the only option (and totally authentic) for Taiwanese food. The owners and managers are very friendly and will come check up on you when wait times get long.My boyfriend and I ordered take out as a special movie and Szechuan date at the end of a long week. While no doubt the pork belly was delicious, there was a piece of broken glass in the food that I cut my gum on. I reached out to the restaurant through their website as I wanted to quietly let them know about the issue but they never responded.I enjoy the Taiwanese salt and pepper chicken! Very authentic Taiwanese dishes, especially since I'm from Taiwan. The hot, spicy Szechuan beef noodles is good too.No thanks!  I'll be sticking to Han dynasty!  This place is poorly run and managed!  Was passed over for a table and waited 1.5 hours (with Pregnant friend) until I was told they would not be able to seat us. Hostess lied to my face and told they had called our cell phone to be seated, but she did not. If you open a Resturant it would be nice to accommodate a party of 4. This place is just set up with two tops, so be prepared to wait a Hell of a long time if you have a party larger than 2. I'm sure the food is decent, but I won't be coming back.  I'd rather spend my money at a place that treats people right. (FYI, they paid for publicity with Philly Mag).I was impressed with Dan Dan, and it has definitely topped Han Dynasty in my mind. Not only is it in a more central location, but the portion size was unexpectedly huge, and the spice levels didn't make me want to cry my eyes out. I think this is a more approachable Szechuan meal, and one that I will make a regular stop for myself!
The portion of Dan Dan noodles was huge! And we had the three cups chicken and pork dumplings - way too much food for two people. I recommend sharing an entree and an appetizer, and you will be all set and pleasantly stuffed.Went there tonight and had an outstanding dinner at the bar.  Great service by the bar tender as we ordered for us.  First had then signature DanDan noodles and WoW!!!! Looks like normal noodles with some sauce.  Boy was I surprised.  Outstanding flavor with a nice little bite. Then he ordered the chicken with a side order of rice.  Spiced and great flavor.   Then we had pot sticker, shrimp .  Great sauce to accommodate the pop stickers.  Was headed to have seafood but has an great meal for a great price..seems like the owners took the best from han dynasty and improved upon it. Not to say Han dynasty isn't good already, but dan dan adds a little something extra. The hot pepper fish with the green peppercorn blew my mind. It had to be the best hot pepper fish I've ever had. And that's a bold statement. The dumplings weren't anything special, but the 3 cup chicken was delicious. Everything was flavorful. Currently byob so enjoy it while it lasts!Dan dan noodles are my favorite quick thing. Had the 3 cup chicken and garlic eggplant last time also and all of it was amazing ! Really good service and pretty quick usually.personally chengdu noodle with chilly  oil is to die for. I thought it is better than DanDan noodle here which is too sweet for me. 
Chicken (cold appetizer ) is good but wonton in chilly oil is not that good. The hot sauce is used for every dish so they all taste similar.
But for a huge fun for noodle it is a good place to check out.
It is not the way Szechuan cuisine should be. But anyway the taste is fine.We often go to this restaurant. It's amazing. They have plenty of options for vegetarians. Don't miss their Cumin Dish -fried tofu. 
However, I tried the PanDan drink which wasn't impressive.Consistently delicious food, with fast service to boot.  Always fresh tasting and never greasy.  I have been here a number of times for lunch, and would recommend getting here at 11:45AM the latest, or after 1PM.  It gets packed quickly and for a reasonWe went on a Sunday night after a movie, and were surprised at how busy it was at 8:30pm. Overall it was A-OK. Dan dan noodles were great, crispy cucumbers, excellent tofu dishes, as well as chicken. But, and I don't really want to say it, my husband and I most likely will go to Han Dynasty next time. The ambiance at Dan Dan isn't great- it's bright, chairs are hard, tables are tight, and the food is so similar to Han Dynasty. Why not just go to a place with a little more personality and comfort? 
That being said, maybe it's better during the day for lunch when expectations are different.First time to Dandan but not the last! We enjoyed scallion pancakes, dumplings in chili oil, Dandan noodles, spicy crispy cucumbers, cumin lamb, Napa cabbage soup with chestnuts, lychee fish, and fried mushrooms. It was delicious and FAST! The service was friendly and efficient. I recommend making a reservation because they just opened and they serve excellent food!Excellent food. We ordered Fried rice, spring rolls, & Dan Dan noodles. Cute small restaurant.We stayed at the Warwick hotel and checked in late. Dan Dan was open and looked good so we thought to order take out.  SO GLAD WE DID.  The service was great, our order was ready within 15 minutes and we devoured everything we ordered. Their sauces were amazing!!! Must try.I went there their first week and got the Dan Dan Noodles and Wontons in Chili Oil.  I loved them both a lot more than the one i got at Han Dynasty.  The noodles comes in a large bowl so that alone was able to fill me up and truthfully that is the only dish I'll ever want to order from there.  There is no more room for anything but dan dan noodles when I go there except maybe a wonton in chili oil. . .I went to Dan Dan this afternoon. I took away a order of chicken fried dumplings. They taste so great. Very fresh, kind of juicy. High quality.  And the location is right on shopping street. The environment is very nice, very cute.The dan dan noodles are spicy and good, and the fried spicy chicken is too. A great and upscale Chinese place outside of Chinatown. Definitely try the Taiwanese dishes. For example we also had the taiwanese sausage (with thin slices of raw garlic, which is how the dish is normally served but a great detail that the restaurant knew). Usually at home we like to make the sausages a little crispy and the service was very accommodating. 
The space is a bit cramped with the big bar on the bottom, but they make it work with a second floor space.It is a Taiwanese restaurant. It is in center city, which it is super convenient. The sever and owner are all so nice and friendly. The dishes are amazing. They have a little bar downstairs too, which is convenient for drinkers. It is always crowded, so make sure you reserve seat earlier!They haven't got their liquor license, so even they have a bar, you can only got water and soft drinks there. However, you can BYOB, at least for now. 
This place is smaller than I thought, but nice and modern decorated. My friend and I were greeted immediately once walked in this restaurant. We were seated upstairs, it's nice that they have long tables for group dining. They have very similar menu comparing with Han Dynasty. 
We ordered beef&tripe with chili oil for appetizer. It was very flavorful and delicious. For entree, we ordered beef ribeye beer strewed pot and garlic chicken. The beef pot came in a big pot, only by smelling it you can tell it's super spicy. However, when I eat it, it's not that spicy as I thought, instead, the beer enhanced the flavor. The garlic chicken was just average, but it's good. 
Overall, since this is a newly opened restaurant, the servers are friendly but need to be trained a little more. The food is somewhat authentic Chinese (I'm Chinese :)). I liked the ambiance of this place, a nice Chinese restaurant in Rittenhouse square. I think I will stick with Han Dynasty for chinese food, but next time when I'm in Rittenhouse square and craving for chinese food, I will go to Dan Dan for sure.Food was OK at best. Kind of bland. Service was awkward. They said food would come out as it was finished. That being said, the entrees came out first, then soup, then appetizers . It was about 25 minutes after the food was served before the waitress came back to check on us. We were finished all of our food before we could order a second drink. Before leaving, we needed to us the restroom. The wait for the lone men's room was 15 minutes because the bartender (giroux  shirt) was on there changing. Making paying customers wait while he changed so he could go out and drink after his shift. As for the woman's room, after 15 minutes of waiting, we just left. Oh, and the restrooms are right next to where they get your tea. So as you drink you tea, remember it was brewed 3 feet from the men's room door. 
I wouldn't waste my time.Came back here for happy hour and it was amazing ! Stuffed on dan dan noodles and beer. Total comfort food in this cold wet weather!Pretty good food, but I don't like that they reserve bar seats. 
Hey, its your business, do what you want, but if I can't walk in and sit down at an empty bar stool I have no use for you.We ordered dan dan noodles without pork and Sichuan style glass noodles. Dan dan noodles were amazing and the sauce was very silky. Sichuan style glass noodles had an amazing sauce and it was really very spicy. You can feel the burn in your throat when you sip the soup and that burning feel is amazing. Quantity is generous and price is moderate.It's a great place for family style eating. I went here with my family of eight. We were seated right  away. The hostess who sat us was also the owner. She was super nice and very attentive. She had no problem getting her hands dirty by serving us and taking our dirty dishes away. The twiced cooked chicken was our favorite included the Dan dan noodles.  The hot pot lamb was delicious and so was the mopu tofu was script and get flavor. I would definitely go here again. They have a small bar but we didn't get any drinks. The tea was tasty tooThis is just a regular Chinese chain, like pf changs or pei Wei. The food is always consistent, but nothing to write home about. I'd definitely recommend here for a quick lunch spot or takeout. I liked the garlic sauce chicken or scallion pork.I came here for dinner last night with a couple of friends. The waiters and atmosphere were very nice. I somehow ordered the wrong drink; the bartender came up and made me a new drink without any hesitation and it was delicious.
The appetizers were my favorite part. We ordered scallion pancakes (yum), veg dumplings (yum) and spicy crispy cucumbers (eh, I would skip this - it's fresh cucumbers dipped in very spicy sauce even though it only had 2 stars)
For my meal I had the garlic dish with tofu. It was about a pound or two of tofu with a scant amount of vegetables. I would have preferred more vegetables. They serve it with rice. They also give you tea for the table. 
Not my favorite place but the scallion pancakes and dumplings were good. The prices seem reasonable.Some kind of wonderful for all, especially those who are gluten free. My son and I are both GF and there was only a few things on this menu that could not be made GF. Even the noodle dishes could be made with rice noodles. Now, 24+ hours later and not a gurgle.
Beyond that, this is some of the best food I have had in a loooong time. Living and working in NYC for 30+ years gives me plenty of experience with schezuan food and this is first class.
Great staff, congenial hosts and a pr me location should make Dan Dan a winner.The good:
The food was pretty good.  We had the Dan Dan noodles, pickled cucumbers, Garlic Chicken, Scallion Pancakes.  We also had the Cumin Steak dish.  I would not recommend unless you have some type of sick obsession with cumin.
The bad:
I felt like the seating was tight.  We sat in the front on the first floor next to the bar.  Aka I kept getting bumped by our server/runners the entire night.
The ugly:
Oh the ugly.  Our server was the ugly.  To sum this up..she tried to take our plates when I was still eating 3x and came back an additional  2x after I gave her the east shit an die glare.  I couldn't get loud because I was expecting her to pick up on my cues and we had a guest dining with us.  She forgot to pack the "fresh rice" (instead of the leftover rice on the table) she promised and also forgot to pack up an entire dish (garlic chicken).  We did not realize it until the next day.
Moral of the story:
I don't like being rushed out of a restaurant.  I don't like it when my leftovers are not wrapped.  I will go back because the food was good..if I feel even the slightest bit rushed, I will be speaking to a manager.  I will also be double checking when I leave that everything is wrapped!I had this place bookmarked for a trip for quite a while, and it clearly lived up to its reputation. I went with my family and we ordered the scallion potatoes and Dan Dan noodles as appetizers. The Dan Dan noodles are the best I've had in Philly so far!
I ordered the fiery ribeye brewpot and it was incredible. A huge portion and the presentation was really cool.
Unfortunately the service was pretty bad. We had to ask the staff several times to bring out our sides of rice, and they never brought out my mom's meal. Luckily she was full so that wasn't an issue but it seemed like there was a pretty major disconnect between the staff and the customer.Sadly to say I'm not impressed. The Dan Dan noodle was very creamy and not as flavorful as it smelled. I went around 11:30am and said they ran out of the Taiwanese hamburger...The beef noodle soup was bland. We also got the dry pot dish with shrimp. It was okay, but I was super thirsty after. When I asked about our beef noodle soup the server/manager was really annoyed looking. Smile dude! Don't have an annoyed look on your face. 
I really wanted to love this place, but I guess my expectations were too high.Let me preface this by saying we did take-out.
It was good food, but it was a little bland and oily.  The menu is very exotic; not geared to people used to eating Chinese food from a strip mall.  Which is probably a good thing for a lot of people.  This place isn't for us, but maybe for other people it's fine.No idea why they have two places but thought I left one for this too. We love DanDan. The owners are super nice. The place has great ambience and wonderful location. The food is Excellent!! That battered/fried mushroom is out of this world!! The cucumber appetizer is very refreshing too. There are a couple more dishes we wanted to try but have no room. Will absolutely go back to try those. Two thumbs up! Must go in CC.Authentic Sichuan food in a trendy environment. I came here on a weekend for some appetizers and drinks, and the place was quite full. We tried the dan dan noodles, hot and sour noodles, and cold pork belly (all $9). Everything was really delicious and flavorful. We asked for the dishes to be made extra spicy and they were. I also tried the dandan pandan drink ($9) which was basically coconut milk with cream liquor-- great for someone who likes sweet drinks that mask the taste of alcohol. 
I would say that everything is a bit overpriced, and you're definitely paying for the chic ambiance and availability of alcohol. You can find cheaper options for the same flavor outside of Rittenhouse. Service was also sub par. Our waiter only stopped by to take our order and then deliver the check. The servers seemed preoccupied by a mess up at a neighboring table, so we were never able to get our water refilled or order more drinks. I would probably come back on a day with less foot traffic.We love Han dynasty but live closer to this place so we stopped in around 8pm on a Friday to get our Dan Dan noodle fix. We were told by the hostess the wait would be 30-45 minutes, which we were okay with so we went to a bar nearby. Once almost an hour had passed we hadn't been called by the hostess so we returned. After about another fifteen minutes we were seated. Once seated we practically had to beg for drinks (we asked the waiter 3 times for them and waited about 20 mins). This service was unfortunately indicative of the entire meals. It was the absolute worst service we have ever experienced. Unhelpful and inattentive wait staff. The food was solid, but due to the service we will not be returning.Amazing food! God the Dan Dan lunch noodles and they are amazing. Spicy and very flavorful for just simple noodles. A little oily but I suppose that's where all the flavor is coming from!Lunch was FRESH HOT and SPICY!!! Just like I had hoped for, as I'm from outta town looking for something other than a PHILLYcheesesteak.. HOWEVER,  it would have been a much better experience if your asian bartender wasn't Coughing and BLOWING his nose right in front of me (never washed his hands) during my entire lunch.Amazing!!  I wanted something spicy and boy I got it (in the cumin chicken).  I also got the scallion pancakes which were flaky and delicious.  Will def. be making this place a regular on my lunch rotation.  Can't wait to try the rest of their menu!Honestly for a place called Dan Dan, I've been consistently let down by the dan dan noodles. I usually loove them but these ones just don't do it for me. I've tried dan dan about 3 times because it's close by and I have friends that swear by it. The restaurant is a cool vibe but the only thing I'd really recommend are their wontons in chili oil.Had the dan dan noodles for 9$ and the slow braised pork belly burger for 8$. Amazing taste and cool atmosphere. Sitting At the bar, super nice staff, quick service. Noodles were there in 4 min. Go there!!!!We just happened to find this place while walking around on Saturday afternoon. Three of us shared two apps and two entrees, and it was plenty of food!
I would say the Dan Dan noodles are a must have - perfect level of spice and it was so much food! If I had got this for just me it could have been two meals! The spring rolls were delicious and the beef and pepper entree was great as well! Food quality was a 5 for us!
They had a great list of draft beers, but it seemed like most (if not all) were $6, which is a little pricey. The sign did note a week-day happy hour though, which included $5 drafts. The service was friendly, but a little slow for the fact that there were only a few other tables in the place when we arrived.I cannot overstate how much I liked this place. We had the wontons in chili oil and three cup chicken. The flavors and the spice were nicely balanced. The staff was also very friendly. Their food must also travel well as there was a huge line to pick up carry out the whole time we were eating.  We will definitely be backI love spicy food.  Since i look like a basic white girl, most places give me the side eye when I order something hot.  But not Dan Dan they brought my dish out just right!  So that says a lot! 
My server was great, the food came out quickly, and my mom and I had a tremendous lunch.  
I thought the vegan options were good and the server knew what sauces were vegan and which were not. 
The prices for lunch were adorable and everything seemed like a good value for what we paid.
I would rather eat here than Han dynasty absolutely any day!Great noodle bar. Cool aesthetic. We had a small group dinner here and it was the perfect location. Dishes are big enough to share with a table if you're ordering a few. Better to go with a group so you can try more, the menu has so many great options. Make a reservation for a larger group, they fill up fast at rush hour times!Great place, great atmosphere, great for any event
-The food really is fantastic and spiced perfectly for each dish
-The options vary so you can get noodles or different varieties of soup 
-The service is great, I recommend getting a reservation because space is very limited even though they have a second floor seatingSalty!  In more ways than one.  Having visited basically once a week for several months it didn't start off that way.  It started much differently and was one of my favorite places in Philly to grab dinner.  
The Dan Dan noodles, the namesake of the restaurant, of course were very good.  It's a simple dish with few ingredients which is married quite well.  This version has a strong sesame flavor that differentiates from others.  It's big enough to be considered a meal for one or an appetizer for three.
The pork belly appetizer is fatty and spicy dish that is best to be paired with rice, it's loaded with sliced scallions on top and also a dish that should be shared with many.  The spicy wontons are basically pair with the same sauce as the pork belly and is a tasty option as well.
The dry pot fish (or any dry pot dish for that matter). is hit or miss, it comes in a mini wok with a bunch of veggies, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, bell peppers, onions, and peppers.  The main ingredient is fried first then stir fried with the veggies, adding a component of flavor.  Now when it's good it's more spicy then salty, when it is bad it's like some mad scientist unloaded three tablespoons of table salt on top for no reason.  This has been the case in more instances than not which is extremely disappointing.
The dry pepper dishes are more consistent, basically a fried ingredient of your choosing paired with a glutton of dry chili peppers which seem more scary than it really is.  One of my favorite dishes conceptually although definitely a dish that needs to be shared given that it's a lot of fried food to consume.  
The dining in atmosphere at times seems to be chaotic.  There are times when I've walked in and the entire bar is in need of busing.  There never seems to be enough employees relative to customers and the employees that work here always seem super busy.  I've been here a few times when there are angry people waiting for their takeout orders and other times when those waiting for drinks have been annoyed with the wait.   Generally speaking it doesn't annoy me to wait for good food so I've never paid attention to it.  But it does bother me when I get grief from an employee for no reason.  On one occasion, one of the managers of the restaurant snapped at me when I was waiting for a table.  For no other reason other than to just inform when asked how many in my party, that I had told the guy behind him already so as to not double up on his effort.  Apparently he interpreted this to mean I was inconvienenced in having to tell him again which was not the case and when I tried to explain I was written off.  This really annoyed me as I had been waiting patiently and was not in any way discounting the effort made to seat me.  I'm not sure how it impacted my food that night but everything seemed off.
I went back once more after that episode but have decided that the food wasn't worth the grief, after all you dine out to relax and enjoy your evening.Great ambience, wonderful location, super friendly owners, but most importantly Excellent food!! That battered/fried mushroom is out of this world!! The cucumber appetizer is very refreshing too. There are a couple more dishes we wanted to try but have no room. Will absolutely go back to try those. Two thumbs up! Must go in CC.Cumin chicken - awesome
Eggplant - awesome 
Sausage app - awesome
Was a little busy and loud, but otherwise a great experience.Second time here and wow love the food is awesome. The Dan Dan is a must try for anyone. And is fun to share. The bokchoy was buttery delicious.  The few chicken dishes we ordered were  very good . I'm not afraid to just point at something on the menu and go for it. I'm that confident I'll be impressed. The servers are helpful to answer your questions about the food. Give them a try !Excellent Taiwanese and Szechuan food! Very reasonably priced and well situated in Philadelphia. Very cozy upstairs seating as well as bar seating in the first floor. My husband loveeeed the duck and I found my garlic beef quite tasty. I like the options of brown rice too.Great food. Pretty much a Han Dynasty clone, but that's a good thing. The service we had when we went was terrible. We waited over half an hour for even drinks. We think our server forgot to put our order in. I understand that service can vary, so I'd love to come back again and have a decent server.We found this restaurant from it being one of the very few restaurants that were open on Christmas Day and we are so happy we did! The food here was absolutely delicious. For appetizer we ordered the spicy dumplings and the sauce was so tasty, I couldn't believe it! The rest of our food was very tasty and was very fresh. We will be definitely going back here whenever we pay Philadelphia another visit!Nice modern place for Taiwanese food. Ordered several dishes and all tasted like home! *Salt and pepper fried chicken* is a classic street food in Taiwan. It was seasoned just like how it should be, in a classic way. Battered bite size chicken breast was firstly marinated with garlic, five spice powder, soy sauce, etc, and the deep fried.  It's served with fried basil which advance the flavor! *Taiwanese hamburger* is served with slow cooked pork belly and steamed bun. Topped with crashed peanuts, cilantro, and pickled mustard green. *Taiwanese sausage fried rice* is very simple and yum! It tastes like the fried rice you would normally get from ding-tai-fong. Here at Dan Dan you can also get cocktail, wine, and draft beer. I was hoping to have some popular dessert in Taiwan such as shaved ice, mochi with crashed peanuts, or sweet silly tofu.This was our first trip here.  It was not awful, but it was not great either.  I am always hesitant to give a review when I don't like something because I think a lot of it is personal taste.  So I tend to only give reviews when I really like something or when I have had a horrible experience I feel I need to warn others about.  This does not fall into either of those camps.  The wait staff was friendly.  I just did not enjoy the food.  We ordered the ginger sour string beans which came out promptly.  I have not had them before and I'm sure they were probably good for that dish, but I personally did not like it.  I had a smell aversion to the sauce and so I was kind of queasy the rest of the dinner.  That is not the restaurant's fault by any means.  I ordered the scallion dish with beef.  It was good, but after about five bites I felt that it was much saltier than it needed to be.  My husband ordered chicken and I don't know if they had a mix up in the kitchen or what but they brought out my dinner a full ten minutes before his which was awkward.  We also got pork fried rice to share and I don't know if they pre make it and reheat it or what but it had random hot and cold spots in it.  At first I thought maybe they'd thrown the frozen peas and carrots in too late and they just hadn't heated up all the way but there were hot and cold spots of rice and pork as well.  I really wanted to like this place.  I think it has a lot of potential and I think my review is more a reflection of a clash between my personal tastes and catching them on an insanely busy night.  It is a newer restaurant and maybe just has some growing pains to work out.I was finally able to check this place out! The decor is super cute and very urban. The menu is nice and the lay out of the restaurant is so simple. The drinks were delicious, got the Delicate Petals.. A very sweet a fruity drink with muddled pineapple garnished with a sprig of fresh mint. Dinner was the infamous Dan Dan noodles. Extremely delicious and full of flavor. The Fiery Ribeye Brew Pot was the next dish to reach the table. Definitely full of flavor and spice. You have to be a fan of the distinct flavor of the Szechuan peppercorn to enjoy it.. There's many things on the menu that I'm looking forward to try again in the near future.Ate here on a recent weeknight and the food's quite good.  I haven't had Han dynasty in a while, so can't make direct comparisons, dish for dish. The ambiance, at first seemed great, but the noise level was particularly bad- low ceilings, nothing soft to absorb the obnoxious musings of the table next to mine.  
The Dan Dan noodles seemed a bit sweet, and the dumplings in chili oil had the smallest bit of meat inside, but was still very good. The shrimp in green pepper or something like that was delicious and appropriately Szechuan peppercorn-y numbing.  
I'd give the place a 4 for food and service, however, the alcohol is obnoxiously, ridiculously overpriced.  $9 for a bottle of Victory pils? WTF? So in response to their FU in the form of a drink list, I've dropped a star from my review.  Because I know the owners are on the edge of their seats, waiting for the torrent of backlash from my 3-4 readers.  Maybe 5 on a good day.  Maybe I'll return for takeout, but won't eat in until they've reconsidered beer pricing.I'm usually a fan, but the service was so poor yesterday and the food disappointing! First off, the waiter was rude to my friend who got us seats. After we ordered, my ribs took 40 minutes to arrive and even the waiter was confused by this delay. Then the rice was forgotten, I was given a smaller portion than I should have received, and it was dryyy and not even that warm. The Crispy Short Ribs (from the Chinese New Year menu) were really difficult to eat because they cut them in big chunks and deep fried them, but every piece had a big piece of bone and/or cartilage. Not fun to eat! I'm not joking when I say that my teeth and jaw were sore when I was only halfway through the dish. The waiter wasn't particularly polite throughout and i ended up just packing up the rest since I was too tired to keep trying with the ribs. It was embarrassing at times to be wrestling through them since they weren't cut well either. 
Overall, a disappointing experience for an inflated price! Definitely sticking to Chinatown next time, where the food is great, service is quick, the prices are moderate, and the portions generous. And where they know how to cut and cook ribs!A coworker and I stumbled upon this place by accident on a really cold afternoon in search for spicy asian and we knew dandan would be a good bet. 
When we arrived, the receptionist was super friendly and let us choose our seats. The bar was sleek and modern giving it a different vibe than I anticipated. 
I wanted to eat something lighter so I ordered the Chinese broccoli for my meal and he dandan noodles (without pork) to share. Everything was so well seasoned and nothing was too heavy or too light. They also made the dandan noodles extra spicy for us so that was a major plus. 
The serving size of the dan dan was enough to share for two people and I took a portion of the Chinese broccoli home so you definitely will not be leaving hungry. I will say that they drowned the broccoli and dandan in sauce. Just a LITTLE less would have made everything less sloppy. Nonetheless I will return with an empty belly and a full heartIt's very similar with Han dynasty but offer authentic Sichuan and Taiwan dishes that Han dynasty doesn't. The $1.75 minced pork over rice is a must-have, and for people who wants to go authentically authentic Sichuan, try the spicy and sour glass noodles - it's legit.If I could give this place a 10, I would!
The food is seriously amazing.  Make sure you order the dumplings and dan dan noodles for appetizers.  If you are vegetarian they have many options for tofu with the same dishes they can serve with chicken.  If you do not like spice then this may be an issue but for our whole party of 10 everyone had nothing bad to say about this place.  We ordered the green peppercorn tofu, dry pot with tofu and chicken, Chinese broccoli in soy and ginger sauce, and 2 more chicken dishes (can't remember).
Service could be better since we had to ask for napkins multiple times and our waiter was a little slow to get to us when we arrived even though we had reservations.  
Overall,  this place is a must go when you are in Philly!Great place to eat and refuel after a long morning of shopping. After breaking the bank shopping - these cheap lunch hour prices were right up my alley.
What we ordered:
- Vegetarian String Beans - So very very good. Probably best thing we had.
- Dan Dan Noodles - Ordered this mild/medium and the spice level was just right. It's a little too heavy and peanut-y for me. The portion is a good size and after the first serving - I was satisfied.
- Fish Cumin Dish - Ordered this mild/medium as well and the spice level was just right. It was a tad bit salty - so found myself scarfing down lots of white rice (nothing wrong with that though). The flavors are tasty and after the dish was done, I found myself picking and eating all the peppers and onions in the dish.
Service is good - really friendly staff. I also like the ambiance and the decor is great - I love the floor to ceiling windows. Request to sit upstairs!Seriously this place is amazing!!  The dan dan noodles are soooo good. I am not a big Chinese fan and so I was really hesitant to go but my sister suggested the Dan Dan noodles and I was not disappointed, they were amazing. I could literally eat the gravy part of it as soup. Cannot wait to go back and try some more items off the menu. The only down side was that we were a party of 5 and we're seated at a round table for 7. Also, the drink I got was wayyyy too strong. I know that it's typically the other way around and the drinks are weak, but They definitely do not have this problem. Come prepared with a big appetite, the portions are huge!Hands down. Best happy hour in the city. Best. Pretty good glasses of house wine for $5. Also for $5, Tito's Vodka mixed drinks, Beefeater Gin, Jack Daniels, etc. But, what really makes this the best happy hour in the city is the $5 DanDan noodles! Just delicious and only slightly smaller than the regular size. Best noodles you will ever have. 
Vegan options delight here! I love the dry pot tofu,  ginger sour string beans, garlic sauce pressed tofu, cumin tofu, bok choy, and I could go on!! No vegan dish has ever disappointed me. Tip: The bartenders and servers are well trained and always ask; but, still remember to order the DanDan w/out pork if you're veg! Bartenders are super nice and remember the regulars. Cat rocks; always love chatting when I visit solo.