Despite being nearly right across the street from where I live and despite the fact that I sometimes like greasy spoon breakfast, I tend to stay away from Dew Inn.  It's wonder bread, margarine, and salt to the extreme.
Somehow, they screw up french toast.  Egg + bread = fail.
The appealing part is that it is almost the polar opposite of Honey's.  And although Honey's is great and wonderful, the lines nor the prices make it a once in awhile thing.  At Dew Inn, you walk in, make your order and eat.  Then you pay $3 and leave.This place is a gem. Inexpensive, good food (solid pancakes), unpretentious atmosphere and really friendly service. A place for everyone. I'm a fan.Best simple breakfast. Cash only.
Honest real deal breakfast, diner style with sassy service:)I was too lazy to make food today so I figured id venture down the road a bit and try out a random spot for a cheesesteak. Pretty solid service. I got my cheesesteak very quickly and it was great came with a bag of chips. Waitress was nice enough to give me some creamers and cup of ice so I can turn my hot coffee I brought in to a nice chill ice coffee. Very nice waitress and on top of things unlike some places Ive been where you have to wait awhile until they return to see if you need anything. Unfortunately they didnt take credit (though they have an atm) so I was 50 cents short. But they were cool with it I offered to run to my car so I can grab some quarters but they said dont worry about it. Next time I go here I will double tip to make up for it. Overall I will come back and try some other food out. Only reason im giving a 4 star is because they dont take credit otherwise they are great. Thanks guys keep up the good work!The staff is extremely friendly and the breakfast is wonderful and a very good deal for the money. I recommend this dine highly it is a local community gem.Great breakfast stop. Service is exceptional, large portions, and the kids are full and satisfied.Love the breakfast here! Cindy and the staff create a warm friendly environment. Highly recommended.Breakfast sandwiches = hangover cure at pequeno precios.the dew inn is simple food done amazingly well... the atmosphere has a local buzz and is friendly lively and joyous.... thank you cindyThe owner Cindy is a GODDESS among us. She and her staff make this place what it is, simply amazing. We live outside the city now, and it is always worth the hour drive in to have breakfast or lunch done right. When you think breakfast ,,, eggs HOMEFRIES And Sausage ... simple enough but so many can not do it right. The DEW INN , well they DO IT. go in say hi to Cindy , order up a meal and be happy knowing they know what they do and they do it well.
Thank you CindyDew Inn is a no-frills, quick-serve diner.  The new owner has kept the prices low, but the quality of service high.
Dew Inn is great for breakfast staples, such as eggs, pancakes, waffles, breakfast potatoes, etc.  Turkey club sandwich was good too.
I'm a regular for breakfast.This place is perfect for when you want basic staples such as bacon, eggs, pancakes, etc...all at a very reasonable price. This cash only diner has jukebox sectors tableside and waitresses who have been here forever. Great for breakfast or for soaking up the alcohol on a crazy night of drinking....do the Dew!Before 'brunch' became cool, Dew Inn was already making good food. Enjoy the food of this dinner: omelettes, pancakes, etc.Pulled an all-nighter with a buddy after a Halloween party and had to go for smokes in the morning. On our walk we both stumbled in here sloppy as can be and in need of sustenance. What we got was much more. Breakfast cheap as sin and done right in healthy portions. Most of it is a blur but our waitress was so patient and kind to us I felt right at home. I really hope I tipped well because that breakfast put me in a food coma that eclipsed my hangover.I passed this place every day on my commute to Temple.  Even though it's right on Girard, it's very easy to miss.  Dew Inn is a small hole-in-the-wall that feels very cozy.  Right away I felt welcome and at home with all the waitresses greeting me with smiling faces.  The staff was very friendly and the food was amazing!  I love my breakfast sandwiches and this place has one of the best breakfast sandwiches ever!I am a reluctant regular at a place up the street called Darlings.  Reluctant because the food (particularly anything to do with eggs) is mediocre and the prices are high and regular because it is the most convenient sit down breakfast place.  I have been here to the Dew Inn before but I am not a regular because those three extra blocks make a huge difference when it comes to getting back to work quickly when I am needed.
Now to the meat- The food is good.  The kitchen is fast and does a good job of seasoning.  The servers are attentive and pleasant. 
My one gripe is that they don't have any real butter.  Lots of diners skimp on the butter and use those disgusting blends but if you ask they at least have the real stuff stashed away somewhere.  This place only has the blend and they would ruin my toast with it.If you've been looking for the perfect skeazy diner, congratulations, you've found it. 
Now go enjoy 2 eggs, a huge portion of perfectly crispy/mushy hash browns, toast, all you can drink coffee, and a shot of orange juice for $4, and don't come wining to me about your stomach ache after.Sooooo many good things to say about this place. I was in a super grumpy mood, and everyone working there was so friendly that I instantly felt better. They also have ENORMOUS portions at low prices. Food was tasty and coffee was endless. A neighborhood gem!great coffee but surprised me with 50 cents extra for onions in my home friesCannot say enough good things about this place. Easily the best breakfast in Philly. Very old-school diner feel. The owners are the nicest, most welcoming people and there's always good music pumping from the boom box. This isn't just a breakfast joint either- their cheesesteaks are sooooo good and their burgers are actually amazing. Really simple, well done food. We don't live in that neighborhood anymore but still visit as often as possible. Also, this is cash only but they do have an ATM in the vestibule.Very unassuming breakfast spot. Diner atmosphere, no-frills but perfect if you are looking for some good home cooked breakfast. Staff is always nice, and the prices are great. Solid choice if you just want a classic breakfast and don't feel like standing in line for a pricey brunch.
Get the French toast! My girlfriend even thought it was better than what you would get at the common brunch spots in Northern Liberties.My roommates and I have been living two blocks away from the Dew Inn for almost a year now, and it's become our weekly spot! The prices are fair, and the food is perfect! Everyone is so nice, and we're on a first name basis with all of the staff (this has been my dream for my entire adult life). Bonnie, June, Nancy, and the rest....we love you!Visiting philly for a few days and looked up a breakfast spot near us. AMAZING food and service. Had to come back before leaving just to have their 'hotmess' omelette again!This place is a great hole in the wall. Scrapple sticks are a must!!  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stats is bc the service isn't great.My absolute favorite place for breakfast!  The most friendly service.  Whenever I'm in the area, I make sure to stop in to breakfast. I tell everyone, they have the best grits in the world!Great little dinner for breakfast. Discovered this place on Yelp and since the rating was good I have it a try. Good, friendly service and would definitely go back. The place is obviously known to the locals and the owners know them all. Will definitely go backUnder new management and WOWWW what a difference. Food is not deep fried anymore or taste the same. Eggs and meat taste cleaner? Turkey sausage and beef hot sausage are awesome. Grits were really good omg. A good amount of butter. Just add salt and pepper. Chipped beef was good but ask for it on the side if you like your toast crunchy and if you like to dip it in the chipped beef. Home fries with green pepper and onions are mm mm delicious. Omelettes are delicious no matter which one you get. When I went there, service was great and the coffee was pretty good, it wasn't as bitter as other places are (which I liked). Place is nice and home-y.  Cleaner now. I only took a star off because I don't like Girard and it's hard to find parking. But that's the whole area in Girard Avenue.Every time I come in here I am greeted by friendly Smiles and warm hellos. the owner Cindy has taken time to remember my name. This to me is greatness of care she is taking with her business.. this is not just a simple place to get a hot meal ... it is a business that strives on the simplicity of customer services with a warm family atmosphere ... Cindy my hat is off to you and I thank you for this amazing place... I am a usual who comes in for a hot breakfast and I 99% of the time get the same meal.... and it is exquisitely prepared....This place is wonderful. The food is pretty good and for the price, it's great! The staff are always so friendly. It's a legitimate joke in the wall type of place that most people would walk right past. I'm very glad I decided to try it out. I have been back several times over the past two years and it's always great. Only 4 stars because it's not the best food but it's darn good.Incredible food and portions, I live about a block away and I am obsessed!This place is a gem in a neighborhood with overpriced brunch. I went with a group of 7. We all got huge breakfast plates and shared French toast. Egg and meat plates come with a free small juice. We all got coffee or tea and paid $8 each including tip. Great home fries, nice servers, all around great experience.Community jewel.  Great food, conversation, and service!!!   The owner is also a friend to our school, Somerset Academy Early Learning Center.  All of our staff look forward to our meetings with delicious food for breakfast and/or lunch from Dew Inn.  Yummy!!!!This is the perfect no-frills diner. Sometimes you go out and you want eggs and potatoes and a fancy no libs place with a line around the corner will give you a plate of fancy stuff that costs $15. The Dew Inn is clean, their staff is attentive, and their food is good and reasonably priced.Flew in from California, hungry heading north.  Found this place (thanks, Yelp).  The scrapple was delicious and I got half and grits and home fries.  So good!  Great prices and friendly service.  You will love it.If you are lookin for a great place to chill and a good meal too, the Dew Inn delivers. My favorite breakfast is the eggs, bacon and home fries. It puts a smile on my face as it is better then home cooked. Cindy is so personable and you can tell she puts her heart into the food here.  Top quality. Highly recommend the bacon burger too! Great food, great atmosphere!This place is amazing. Old school and cheap. Good spot to just relax get a good meal and move on. Eat it and beat itSolid solid solid joint.  Came here with my wife and kid.  Simply put:  No frills family-run diner that serves up some regular diner breakfast.  The food was really good- but again - simple.  Not going to find your upscale hipster brunch for 25 bucks pp.. This place has an old-time, homey feel and won't break the bank.  check it out!  4.5 yelpsEasily one of my favorite breakfast places. The food is fantastic and the service is the best. At a lot of diners, waitresses tend to grab your order, bring you your food and then forget about you. Not at Dew Inn though! Joun always makes sure you have everything you ordered the way you wanted it, and consistently checks up on you while also making you feel comfortable. 
The portions here are always so generous and once you've had that first bite, you know your food was made with care, tailored to exact way you wanted it. Perfect place for breakfast dates or small get-togethers with friends. 
**Dew Inn also has a selection of lunch items! I have yet to try though; I'm a creature of habit and always tend to order the same thing heh hehI love this place. My girlfriend does too. We always try to make it here for breakfast on the weekends. The owners know us by now and always say "Hi!...again!" whenever we walk in. My girlfriend and I usually get the same thing and every single time it's been amazing. There's usually no wait and the service is extremely friendly and timely. This is going to be one of our favorite spots for a long time.A gem food spot right on Girard! My boyfriend and I stopped in for breakfast and it was the right move because the food was delicious! The staff were friendly and we had an overall wonderful experience. It won't be our last time there!So early morning Sunday the hubby and I wanted to grab a quick bite before the kids woke up (Lol) hey sometimes we need alone time. So far the place is nice and cozy. Cindy the owner is warm and welcoming along with her associates.  The inside is quaint and eclectic at each table there is a quote on each booth with something inspiring to start the day. The fish and grits I had was amazing. My hubby had sausage platter with cheese eggs and home fries. Needless to say he whole plate was demolished. He also ordered a Platter for my mom. We'll definitely come back.... Such a great atmosphere.  Thank you Ms. Cindy (that's the owner)The servers are friendly and quick to help. The atmosphere is home-town and the prices are more than fair. The food is delicious -those home fries ! Perfect breakfast stop for my crew - and I'm so glad we stopped In!Couldn't find a place for breakfast on a Sunday in town but I got lucky and found the Dew Inn. It's authentic Philly and has been around for 50 years. The staff is really nice and seem happy to serve you. The waffles, cheesy eggs, bacon, and grits are fantastic and the Philly Scrapple is cooked to perfection!We live around the corner and had not yet made it in here, and we kicked ourselves for not going in sooner! Breakfast this morning was cheap and cheerful. 
Super friendly staff, amazing prices, and quality home-y food. We'll be back!If you're looking to nurse a hangover or just in need of a solid, large breakfast, this is the place. The staff is incredible and make every customer feel welcomed. Try the scrapple sticks. They are crispy perfection.This is the go to spot.
I love the service and food..
The waitress make you feel at home.
This is a Gem on Girard ave...I've came here twice in three days because they're food is just so good!
I was looking for a "home cooked" style breakfast as opposed to going somewhere like ihop, so I searched for a diner close by.
I chose this one before of the other reviews on here and I'm so glad I did. You get so much food at such an affordable prize and it's just delicious! 
Definitely my new spot.Today was a first at Dew Inn and it will not be the last. I had the western omelet with homefries and it was delicious amazing!  The portions were so big I was able to eat my leftovers for dinner! Thanks for the great meal and great service Dew Inn!Fantastic diner food for real cheap. Perfectly placed on Girard, such a life saver. If you want affordable delicious breakfast food in a family run establishment look no further. I'm sure there lunch is great too, I just always get the omelet platter. Huge meal for under 10 bucks. If you're in a rush, go somewhere else, but if you have time to sit and enjoy yourself, go to Dew Inn. 5 stars easy.Small little place with good food. Staff greeted us right when we walked in and was very friendly. 
The menu is not really extensive but it doesn't need to be. Everything they made was done just as breakfast was intended to be and delicious. Try the loaded waffle! And their lunch menu was awesome. I suggest the chicken cheesesteak. 
Gotta try to beat the church crowd on Sundays.Seems to be a small, family oriented restaurant. Friendly staff. Fast service. Food was really good. I had the French Toast with bacon and eggs. Definitely would go back next time I'm in Philly.I came here twice. The food is good and cheap but everything is so old that makes the place look dirty. if they renovate Ill def give them a 5 starts.This place is a gem. My favorite breakfast spot. Typical diner food but feels like home. The service is great.Others have noted this is a landmark, an institution, etc. etc. etc. and I can certainly see that.  From the older men chatting in the corner loudly at three different tables to the friendly waitresses, you instantly get the classic diner type of vibe.  The décor probably hasn't changed ever but the place is generally clean.
The coffee is straight, it's medium bodied, not bitter but not very strong.  Every time you get below half, they freshen you up.  Yay.
The Spanish omelette with grits.  First of all it's huge, I don't know, are 4 eggs legal?  LOL.  Maybe only 3...  It's juicy, wet, full of green peppers, sausage, with cheddar cheese sprinkled on top.  I ate it all, and quickly.  The waitress provided 3 different kinds of hot sauce. and I used the Cholula.  Definitely enhanced the experience.  The grits were basic, but the waitress put two pats of butter on top, awww yeah.  
I don't think it's possibly to walk away hungry here, and I in fact left a couple tablespoons of grits I was so full.  Great food, great vibe that puts you back in time.So affordable and so delicious. The French toast is some of the best I've had in the city. Great alternative to some of the "brunch" places (you know what I mean) when you're just looking for some really good food. Service is quick and everyone is friendly. Love it here!My last review was written in 2013 before Cindy owned it. Now with the help of June, they cleaned up the place and took out the table side jukeboxes. The Dew Inn is the heart of this neighborhood and I feel privileged to be amongst such amazing people and regulars.My favorite go to spot. The customer service is amazing and the food hits the spot every time.  I never finish, and I always have enough for lunch.  This place is at least 20 minutes from my house but I swear I love it so much I'll travel an hour.These guys really know how to Dew me Inn.... 
The second I sat down at this place, I was already crafting my 5-star Yelp review with finger-wiggling, eye-widening, lip-smacking glee. Just ask the friend with whom I shared the glory of this tasty, quick, and most of all quirky meal laced with Motown tunes and topped off with the sweetness of gratis grapefruit juice.
Notable Quotes From Our Meal:
"Yes, the personal jukebox in your booth *does* work." (The Temptations and Marvin Gaye serenaded us.)
"Would you like Beef Bacon or Turkey Bacon?" (The menu itself doesn't reveal this delightful dichotomy.)
"...And your meal comes with coffee AND juice!!" (The cup was about 3.5 oz, but it was super cute and much appreciated.)
"Here you go." (As our meals were both brought out less than 3 minutes after the order was called in to the kitchen; what service!!)
All in all, I'm pretty certain there's nowhere else in the city that will give you such delicious and economical breakfast food and expeditious service without batting a lash. Yes, the food is greasy. They most definitely use margarine and their turkey bacon seemed to be reconstituted bits of random poultry parts, but it's nice to have this sort of nitty-gritty option when you're tired of the hour-long wait, $3 cups of coffee, and glamour tax of many other local brunch establishments. And,I swear to Buddha, there were ZERO hipsters in this place. Mad props for that.The place is round the corner from my house. We visited on a Saturday morning and really enjoyed the breakfast. Small family run place. No waiting lines. Got Spanish omelette with grits. Food quantity was perfect - not to much nor too less. Food quality is like home cooked. Prices are super reasonable. Could not ask for more.
Recommend this place for some good food that go easy on your wallet.This is my go to for breakfast and lunch almost everyday!!! I call and they know who I am, food is always on point and the clientele is local, the business owners of the 'hood eat their meals here! Great staff, great food and a Philly institution. Go now.Great portion sizes at extremely fair price. On the corner of a less dense block of Girard Street. It's a great diner option if you want to avoid the pretentious hipster spots with long lines. I dig it.We came here on a Saturday morning looking for some breakfast and not wanting an insane wait time. This place is just around the corner from my house and the only thing I could think of after coming here and tasting the food was why the heck we did not try it before. We got a table immediately although the place started filling up immediately after. Service was great and quick. 
Hubster ordered the Spanish omelette and I ordered the veggie omelette with cheese. They were super flexible and gave us the customizations we wanted. Grits were nice and creamy and the omelette was very nicely made. All of this for a very reasonable price. Will definitely come back.The Dew in is a genuine 1950's type dinner.  Complete with waitresses from central casting that all call you 'baby'.  I love it.  I only had breakfast there.  Breakfast to me is pretty forgiving and hard to mess up.  Although it can be enhanced by true crispy home fries with onions and a proper thickness of bacon (vs paper thin).  
I'd say the Dew Inn delivers exactly what I was looking for and would expect from a classic diner.  
Also, I swear it seemed that I was crashing a family breakfast as everyone and the waitresses knew each other's name!  An added bonus!Best breakfast in Northern Liberties. No wait, fast service, delish!5 solid stars, but not for the food. 
Man, the Dew Inn is a legend in my life. I moved to Northern Liberties when I was a lil pup in 1996. Different world back then. Some party or another shortly after moving to the area we started hearing about the Dew Inn - "you gotta check this place out.", "order lineys", etc. Finally headed up there good and messed up at 4am some night. Wow. $2 breakfast, completely gone waitresses and all sorts of weirdos sitting around. It was great! Haven't been there in years. 
Among my many visits, these things happened: 
- Waitress gave me a dimebag of pot for free twice without me even mentioning anything about pot or drugs in general.
- I was called a high roller.
- A dude who said he was a pimp bought me breakfast because he  liked my style.
- Dusted metalhead looking dude roundhouse kicked some other guy out the door.
- Found out that lineys meant onions in your potatoes
- Offered sex.
- Some guy did push-ups for some reason but I can't remember.
I have never been there sober, never gotten ill from the food and have never had anything less than a good experience at the Dew Inn.been living less than a block away from Dew for about six months and never even noticed it...one morning decided to google some diners near me and was pleasantly surprised when i found one so close. wasn't expecting much because you know, city diners can be meh, but i am now officially a Dew fanatic. all breakfast food A+. i am locked in for life. prices are phenomenal, staff is phenomenal seriously can't ask for more, except maybe mimosas. 10 stars out of 5The best breakfast in Philly! Point blank period. And it's cheap!!! God blessed this restaurant!Dale Cooper would love this place. I wish them tons of success (it's warranted), but I also want to be one of the only people here on a snowy Tuesday morning.This isn't really a 3 star joint. But I expected so little, and it's so cheap, that's it's hard to be disappointed with the Dew Inn.  The coffee is weak, the food is bland, and this place looks like it hasn't had a cleaning since the 1960s.  
On the plus side, it's really cheap, like $5 breakfast with coffee and tip cheap.  The place has...character. The waitresses are surly, but not overly. Everyone seems to be a regular here.
If you want to eat at a classic greasy spoon hole in the wall, the Dew Inn is your spot.After my favorite breakfast spot went to crap, I had to find a new place and I had been wanting time try Dew Inn for several months. So glad that I did! The food is great and is usually ready lightning fast. The owner Cindy remembers what we order and has our favorite condiments ready for us without having to ask. The staff is always very pleasant and personable. We are now regulars at Dew Inn.This is a neighborhood gem. It makes you feel like a local even if you're from out of town. Quaint, inviting, and delicious! I ordered the scrambled eggs, hash browns, and turkey sausage. The eggs were fluffy, the potatoes were plenty flavored with fresh peppers and onions, and the turkey sausage was so tasty. My daughter had the pancakes and bacon. She was at a loss for words (which is a never for this 4 year old) and barely surfaced for air while enjoying her breakfast. I stole a piece of her bacon and it was crispy just like I like it. I noticed they also do takeout. I'd highly recommend this place if you're hungry for some good down home style breakfast that isn't going to hurt your pockets. Next time, I'd like to try one of their breakfast sandwiches.Very nice, clean with great people place. I would consider it more of a diner than a restaurant.  Judging by the conversation I overheard while I was waiting for my Cheesesteak, the neighborhood loves this place and the people that run it.  $7 and it came with chips, you know I love that.  Good crusty roll.  Decent amount of good tasting meat.  A lot of big chunk caramelized onions.  Good amount of mushrooms, I do wish they spent more time on the grill.  Overall very good experience.I don't have a SINGLE bad word about this place. Lived around the corner for years and finally had a chance go here. 
The staff was incredibly sweet and nice to EVERY person that walked in there. Prices are ridiculously amazing. So affordable that whenever I'm in the mood for burgers or breakfast, why even bother cooking at home?!
The pancakes were OFF THE HOOK. Everything was so fresh and delicious. They don't have an extensive menu but they certainly don't need it. It's a simple breakfast and lunch spot with so much character and amazingness that you'll want to come back as soon as you even sit down. 
I can't believe I just found this place. I feel cheated. lol Just make sure you have cash! NO cards.The best classic diner in the city... breakfast for two - omelette, pancakes , bacon, home fries, (pretty damn good) coffee for around $25! Can't beat it. Also amazing classic soundtrack to set the vibeCindy is friendly and accommodating! I enjoy the egg white vegetable omelette and the calm atmosphere.This is your classic Philly neighborhood diner. A must on those cold Saturday mornings where you're a little hung over and need to get yourself going for the day.
Coffee is amazing, omelettes are off the chain. A nice environment with super friendly waitresses.What a top shelf spot for incredible food. Part of the overall charm is the authentic diner space wo all the usual kitsch. Servers were awesome and food excellent. If in the Northern Liberties areas and hungry, go there.From the look of the dog eared, battered menus of the "Legendary" Dew Inn Diner @ the corner of 5th & Girard Avenue, Northern Liberties, they had been in use for the more than 50 years this awesome joint had been in business. The low 20th century prices didn't lead me to think differently. Sure, the furnishings were likewise dated, but it all came together to create the perfect environment for a traditional Philadelphia brekkie, sans all the hoopla of the nouveau brunch scene. 
From our perch on two spinners at the counter, we sipped the Bunn java and watched the full house deep in convos and good winter Saturday morning feast-ivities. When our Spanish Omelet and A Hot Mess 'kitchen sink' omelet arrived, we were very ready to chow down with gusto. 
And gusto was what we got. Each was a 3 egger, so full of ingredients that it was surprising that everything got tucked in. The ham, peppers, onions, cheese and salsa in the Spanish melded wonderfully and the taste/texture was great. The home fries were crisp, yet buttery, and all we needed were splashes of Crystal Hot Sauce to complete the excellent profile. The Hot Mess threw everything in the kitchen including the potatoes into the egg shell. How they zipped it up without leakage remained a secret. It was filling and delicious, and the rye toast added a touch of subtle sour savoriness that was good to the last bite. 
Dew Inn is another awesome corner breakfast joint that the City of Brotherly Love is so rightly famous for. Loved every forkful.After being quite hesitant for a while of checking out this place, I finally gave it a chance and my only regret is not going sooner.
Having a restaurant of any kind on this end of Girard is a huge risk since the location can easily be considered shady. I've been dying to find a good old fashioned diner. Nothing fancy. Just the basics with good service and I definitely found it here. Cheap prices were a huge bonus!!
It's so hard to find something with a touch of home in Philly since everyone is so caught up in higher end brunch places ...which isn't bad either but something more humble is always better in my opinion.
I've had the best service I've had in a LONG time here that surpasses a lot of the Northern Libs joints that tend to have crazy waits.
Check this place out. I went today for the first time and already can't wait to go back!!I love love love this place me and my son come here almost every Saturday for breakfast and the food and staff are excellent..