We got a delivery today for lunch and got the lunch specials it was nothing special I never had General Tso's chicken with walnuts on it. The pad thai noodles were bland. The specials came with wonton soup and there were none of the Chow Mein noodles with it nor duck sauce or soy sauce. Was disappointed with the food and will probably not order from them again and they especially forgot the fortune cookies.The food here for a takeout lunch was on time, fresh & seriously delicious. Flounder/mustard greens soup plus the leek pancake: order the soup and prepare yourself for a clean, bright set of traditional flavors led by fresh ginger, scallions plus tender filets so fresh they were almost sweet. A cut waaay above average. It's pan-Asian that respects its rootsI normally get the Garlic Sauce entree. I love it at level 2 heat with chicken. My last time there (three days ago), I ordered the House Special Noodles with chicken. It was simply ok. Nothing special. Way too many noodles with not enough protein or veggies. I added chilli oil to give it some kick and it tasted better, but still not as flavorful as I prefer. 
Service was good and professional, as usual.My first try at Schezuan food and I am a fan already. I tried the popcorn shrimp and the picked chilli fish. The popcorn shrimp is crunchy spicy just perfect. the portions of the entrees as I judged from the pickled chilli fish is good enough for 2 people. 
The place is pretty neat too.. It is while and red and I liked it =)Jane G is currently my most frequented restaurant. My favorite dish is the Fire Pot with Flounder served heated with a sterno. At a level 3 it's covered in dried chilies and has whole peppercorns, chunks of garlic and ginger and more chilis floating on top of enokitaki mushrooms, tofu and cabbage...and more chilies. I also love the Boiled Hot Sauce with fish, the Kung Pao chicken, and of course, the Dan Dan noodles. I wish they would bring back the rabbit with peanuts appetizer. Jane G will you please put it back on the menu?AMAZING! Being a huge fan of Asian cuisine I know what is good and bad Asian food, this is most certainly good. Starting off the mean with mouth watering scallion pancakes I knew this would be a memorable meal. I followed this amazing appetizer with the mango style Sichuan meal with chicken, I was amazed by the flavor and texture of both the mango and chicken. It is incomparable. If you're in the area and stop by, you're in for a treatAbsolutely loved Jane G's. Everything we ordered (brussel sprouts, cucumbers, Dan Dan noodles, cabbage and peppers and long hots and chicken) were incredible!! I wish we has gone with a group so we could have tried more. Food was fresh, staff attentive and atmosphere inviting. Definitely going back soon.The steamed fish with ginger is the most authentic and delicious I have had in the US. We also had a fun and delicious meal when we ordered the hot pot. They are very generous with the options and portions. The staff is very friendly and we love coming here for dinner!I went to Jane G's yesterday. I ordered fish dry pot lunch special. It tastes very fresh and good. It comes with a soup, and a rice. The environment is very nice. Very clean and kind of fancy. The people work there are very helpful. I love that place. I will definitely try Dan Dan noodles next time. It looks so good.Food is awesome!  I just moved two blocks away and this is my new to go Chinese restaurant.  Its not typical take out, its fancy.  The dumplings are my favorite.  Its decorated real pretty and they usually have live music for happy hour on weekends.We had a great meal.  My 4 year old loved the chicken fried rice.  My 6 year old loved both the braised beef soup and the pork lo mein.  My husband and I also loved the pork lo mein.  We had the fragrant fish dish and it was a bit too spicy for our tame palates but interesting even to jaded New Yorkers.Jane G's uses tons of MSG.  The food was mediocre.  I had seafood soup which was in a murky broth with tofu that dissolved as soon as you put it in your mouth.  I do not like tofu and this was not listed as an ingredient in the item on the menu. 
I also had a beef dish that was fine, but after an allergic reaction to the MSG that they use, I would never go back.  It's not worth the health risk.I've come here for hotpot a bunch of times, but their regular menu is also fantastic. Service is great, and the sauce lineup is decent. Note that they really mean it when they say that a dish is spicy.The food and service here is great. They have excellent happy hour specials. I,be had the Dan Dan noodles, soy glazed brussr sprouts and chili oil wontons. The bartenders are friendly and the food is good. I like it there.Service is good, however the food is really blend. We ordered the sour and spicy pork intestine soup, garlic pork belly, parsley pork rib. The pork tasted over-cooked. In general, I'm disappointed about the taste. Definitely not worth the drive from D.C.!Loved it. All the dishes were ordered were relish. Good prices too. We ordered paad thai, Szechuan chicken, beef tendon, dumplings in chili oil. Very impressed!!!Jane G's is pretty bomb (in a good way). All of their dishes are tasty. I particularly like the cumin beef and I love that fact that there's a lot of variety of foods to choose from (like the fact that you can do hotpot!!--which I have still yet to try). 
Their cocktails are very sugary, perfect for those who don't want to really taste alcohol (lol). 
The ambiance and decor are very nice. The service is pretty good as well. Everyone is pretty attentive. The food doesn't take long to come out either. 
A couple of friends and I came here for a meet-up a few days ago during restaurant week at around 7:00 pm. We ended up chatting away until closing time and didn't notice that most patrons were gone. We felt bad because we realized that the waiters were waiting to clean our table as we were one of two groups that were left. I felt appreciative that they didn't rush us to leave.Slightly overpriced Szechuan cuisine  restaurant. The Dan Dan noodles were the highlight of the meal along with wontons in chili oil. The service was somewhat overbearing and 20% addition of tip to a group of 6 was not mentioned until we received the check. Otherwise a nice experience.Good food but a bit on the expensive side. It's pretty authentic and the waiting staff are very nice. I'd go there again.Great place with bar and authentic Szechuan food. Like the Dandan noodle and dry hot pot.Surprised how mediocre/not good this was. No white meat chicken (all dark meat). The chicken was so chewy i could barely eat it. the super thick gyoza were barely cooked and was basically floppy dough with so so pork inside. it all just tasted like it could have come from any corner Chinese store in South Philly. Super disappointed. Actually my regular corner Chinese store was better.Like the the decoration and the bar, it is a decent place to dine in. But the food now is no longer Szechuan style. The taste of the dishes changed a lot to the American spicy dishes. Dry pepper chicken used to be my favorite, but let me down twice in 2014, no more try. 
Only go there when I want spicy food. No longer be my favorite Szechuan restaurant in Philly.Food is good. Drinks are too expensive. 10 bucks for only 4 tiny glasses of sake? No way.Came here for happy hour. Ordered the rock shrimp and chili oil dumplings (3). Food was great. Next time order the dumplings at a 2. The 3 was pretty spicy.  Great deals on food during happy hour.Nice ambiance and decor to bring your date or business peeps. Busy during Sunday dinner means flag down your server if you need them because they won't be checking up on you. Won't recommend the incredibly salty dan-dan noodles. Garlic soy pork belly app was good. Salt & pepper squid app w/ rice is A+, fried in a light batter on a bed of greens and sauteed peppers+onions. I would like to come again to try their Sichuan dishes and drinks.Authentic Szechuan cuisine elevated.
The house Dan Dan Noodles are very good, if a bit too soft. For what it's worth, I am still partial to Han Dynasty's rendition of the dish. Still, it's Jane G's other dishes which truly set it apart.
The Beef Lover's Quarrel is served cold and comes with beef tendon, shank, and tripe marinated in chili oil with peanuts and cilantro. YUM! Chewy, salty, spicy, and oh-so-savory. We ordered at spiciness level 4 -- it packs a punch, but if you like spice then I highly recommend it! If this doesn't sound appealing to you, maybe try ordering a Wawa sandwich on the next block instead.
Jane G's "double cook fish", however, was the real star of the show. Thick, tender fish, marinated, battered, and crispy-fried with leeks and soybeans, then topped with savory chili oil. Asian-style comfort food at its finest, and the large portions are definitely enough to share.
If spicy is your thing, definitely give Jane G's a try!We frequent Jane G as it's located in close proximity to our apartment and we generally love the food. Jane G was frankly like a home kitchen to us and we never cared about the ambience or service - until our hugely disappointing experience last weekend.
We ordered the newly offered seaweed and rib soup, and I ended up almost swallowing a small piece of plastic with sharp points from the soup. The plastic piece was somewhat transparent and blended right into the beige-colored soup. Luckily I felt a sting in my tongue and spat it out before too late. Called the manager over; two supervising staff members came and took away the plastic. Didn't take a picture of it. 
It was an unpleasant near miss- but would have been fine if they were immediately apologetic and offered some sort of reimbursement. Instead, they kept telling us (in a not-a-big-deal kind of tone) that it was a plastic piece from the soup can...umm like telling us what type of plastic it was supposed to make us feel better?? Plastic is plastic, not suitable (and sometimes deadly) for human consumption, period. Oh, especially when it's a sharp piece with pointy ends! I then kept expressing more of my dissatisfaction before the manager agreed to take the soup off the check. 
In a similar but far less serious incidence at this Tapas place we frequent, we once spotted a small piece of paper in ice cream. They immediately apologized and offered the entire dinner on house. We already had minimum expectation on customer services at Jane G but this experience was just beyond disappointing. Especially for those of us who dine in this often.Ordered late night pick up.  Food was ready when we arrived in 10 minutes.  The dan dan noodles were excellent and comparable to some favorite Szechuan places.  While tasty, the chili oil wontons were definitely undercooked.  Nevertheless, I would be willing to go back and give them another try.We came in on a Saturday night and only waited about 10 minutes for a seat. General Tao's chicken served with walnuts was unexpected but absolutely delicious. We sat at the bar and the bartender was quick and extremely helpful. They also serve Sapporo beers, one of my boyfriend's favorites. This is a big step up from your usual Chinese take out place, and I can't wait to come back and try for outdoor seating.I've been here several times and the food was great! As I'm enjoying my food today I looked down and there was a roach on the chair next to me. NEVER AGAIN!!Wait more than 25 minutes for the foods coming up after order. Don't come here when you are hungry, especially on holidays.I've gone here a couple of times for lunch and every time, I've been impressed by their food, service and ambience
The ambience suggests that it is higher end than the prices suggest. The food have the right amount of flavoring and their chili oil adds the right amount of zing to the food
My favorite there is the Dan Dan noodles (although I'll admit that I'd rather one at Han Dynasty slightly higher for that). The dumplings were decent but could have been a little better put together
The Pad Thai, although it was flavorful, I thought it was missing more vegetables like snow peas, beansprouts, etc
Overall, it is a decent restaurant for a workday lunch in center cityJust had lunch here with my husband. We love Chinese food! The appetizers were great, but the fried rice and our entree were so incredibly salty they were inedible, it seemed like it was a mistake.  Our server asked why we didn't eat it, and said he would tell the chef. Then he came back and said, next time ask for less salt, and still charged us for it.We only got the Happy Hour bar menu, but everything that we ordered was really good. It says something when you look around at a Chinese restaurant and see Chinese people speaking Chinese. We chose this place because of the location, and they were able to accommodate us for a work Happy Hour. ($5 glasses of wine)
The service was really quick, friendly and informative. We had some confusion with our check since we were a big group, but the manager was really patient with us and friendly. While I was making the reservation, the hostess was not very helpful about answering my questions, but I left my phone number and someone called me back in 5 minutes. 
I will definitely be returning to Jane G's for dinner.Excellent Szechuan cuisine! Ask for the Chinese menu if you are craving for the authentic Chinese food.
The first time sat down at this restaurant today (my girlfriend and I had previously took out and had a very good experience with it), not only is the decor beautiful, the food is also delicious! The owner was really friendly to all customers. Service was great, my water was never half empty. They just started the Szechuan style menu not too long ago (with spicy level from 1 to 5, 3 was already pretty spicy to me)... definitely recommend it. The owner brought the Chef from a very famous Szechuan restaurant in Flushing, New York. He has for sure lift the standard of Szechuan cuisine to the next level in Philadelphia! 
Great place to dine, casual or formal. At first, we thought it will be very pricy because of the interior and the quality of food,but it turned out to be very reasonable! So far we had 7 different dishes in these 2 visits, and everything is great... can't wait to try the rest of the menu!!!Amazing food, ambience and service. Staff very knowledgable about the menu and offered suggestions that were right on point. Food not your typical Chinese that you find everywhere, but seemed unique and authentic. Prices good for what you get-big portions and gourmet food. Ambience-low romantic lighting, not too loud but not quiet either, nice interior, diverse clientele.Though I haven't been in to the restaurant, I have had the delivery a few times.  Best pad thai I have had in a long time.  Very quick delivery.  The only thing I have noticed is if you're looking for spicy, I don't know if you're going to find it here.  I have a pretty low tolerance for spice, but I have very little problems eating their spiciest (level 5).I've typically ended up in Chinatown whenever I eat Chinese food in Philly, so I was interested to venture outside of that part of town and see how dinner would turn out at Jane G's (and praying that it wouldn't be too spicy). The space itself is very nice, with a decent bar out front and plenty of table seating on the main part of the floor, as well as a small elevated area in the back, which is where we ended up. Although we had to switch seats after getting settled (a large group followed us in), we still were quite comfortable in a booth, and the service was very fast - we had all of our food in front of us within 15 minutes of ordering. The drinks menu was a bit subdued, but I appreciated the Weyerbacher Belgian-style tripel on the menu that helped keep me cool while I was chowing down on food hot off the stove.
Even though the food here is definitely Szechuan-based, the only dish that gave me the slow, radiating sweats was the chopped fish topped in chili sauce (and sprinkled liberally with chili pepper flakes). That said, it wasn't as raw and intense as other versions I have had (namely, the kind that seem to invert the taste of anything that isn't spicy), and you could really enjoy the depth to which the fish had been imbued with chili. The chili oil wontons weren't quite as hot, and they were just as good as the kind at my favorite dumpling shop in NYC (although the skins at Jane G's were a tad thicker). The noodles were also excellent; I don't think we had the Dan Dan noodles, as there were more veggies in ours, but I really enjoyed the sauce - a little spicy, but surprisingly also a little sweet.
Although I did sweat it out when eating the fish, I really enjoyed all of the food here. It's hearty but not too spicy, and you get a load of food for your money's worth. I'm not a huge purveyor of Szechuan given the heat levels, but I'd definitely come back and visit again next time I am in town.Very tasty Szechuan cuisine. Can't get enough of the beef dry pot. Upscale decor and ambience. Wish I could go more often for lunch as the specials are a great deal.I have been JANE G'S twice. JANE G'S ambiance is fancy, the food is great. The waiters are really nice. I strongly recommend itCame here for a friend's birthday lunch and wasn't impressed. Pricy, and nothing was overly great or impressive. The food was okay, but nothing that wow'd me and for the price, it didn't meet up.Food and service are excellent. The hot and sour shrimp soup is superb!! The Sichuan mango style Szechuan scallops dish is extremely tasty , with the chucks of mango , and peppers !!
I highly recommend Jane G's!!tofu and some spice food are 3.5-4 stars.
2 starts for non-spice noodle soup, it's just so so to okay. the noodle is overlooked , way too soft, beef is too hard, soup is okay.
service/place is worth of 4 starts.A relatively new restaurant that serves wonderfully prepared food that is Chinese in origin; this is not a Chinese restaurant. Taking the waiter's recommendations we ordered an appetizer, vegetable, and both a special rice and fish dish. Three of us shared and there was food to take home. The wait staff was attentive and pleasant, and the owner's son stopped by to check on our experience. The music was American and upbeat and the full bar looked like a great place to come on a weekend evening. We'll be back!I am updating this review since I recently came here after a while.
The food is still very good and in large portions, I do think it is a bit overpriced though, especially for lunch.
Great place to come for happy hour!  They have awesome drinks and really good deals on happy hour food as well!
Definitely come with others to share and I love how you can choose your spice level.Always solid delicious szechuan cuisine. I'm planning on eating my way through the menu. Annnnnd im not even kidding. The black bean chicken, dan dan noodles, wonton in chili oil and string beans have been my boyfriend and my stand by order for MONTHS, but we are getting brave enough to venture out and have yet to be disappointed. I get carry out at least monthly and its always superb. Dining in the food comes out SO QUICK. I'd say this place is comparable  to Han dynasty (if not better). I just hit up whichever i'm closer to! :)
economical, generous portions, customizably spicy. Love love love.Unique enough to enjoy during Sips... they will give your tastebuds a rideSurprisingly good for Chinese food in center city. It is a little pricey but if you get more starters and less of the pricey entrees, you can come out to less than 25 pp. their clay pot with seafood actually tasted delicious and their pork belly appetizer was decent as well. Overall good service too! We'd come back to try the ayce hot pot next time too.I'm so glad there is a good asian/chinese/szechuan place within blocks from the office I work at and the hotel I'm staying at in Center City (when chinatown is just too far of an option). A bit higher on the price scale of an asian place, food here is actually pretty good; environment/decor is modernly chinese and comfortable.
Appetizers: We tried different dumplings and they were decent. there isn't much meat inside, it's mostly the skin but the chili oil is awesome! Edamame is basic. Scallion pancake is good and crispy. The seafood tofu soup is actually pretty good and soothing. Had a lot of seafood/tofu inside.
Entrees: I've tried the spicy seafood fried rice, dry pot stir fry with shrimp, and the kung pao scallop stir fry. All were very flavorful and with good portions. They are serious with their spiciness. I am usually above average on spice, but a 3 was good enough for me. Props to you 5 people!
Service is mostly really great- friendly and attentive, but one time, during lunch, they forgot stuff or gave the wrong order taking out.Absolutley love this place! Have been there twice for dinner and have enjoyed everything we've eaten there. The decor is great, very comfortable feel there, liked the layout and the modern, upscale touches.
They had a beet soup which was awesome, think that was their 'soup of the day' ,
Rock shrimp appetizer lived up to all of the reviews I read on this site.
Dumpling Sampler was excellent as well - especially with the dipping sauces.
General Tso's chicken was excellent - perfectly seasoned and cooked.
Crabmeat fried rice was excellent  and a very generous portion of lump crabmeat. 
Shrimp Mei Fun was unbelivebly delicious - loved that dish.
Everyone should try this place, the food is really wonderful! 
(have to admit I'm a bit biased. NOODLE HEAVEN was one of my favorite Asian restaurants when it was on Broad st.)It's all right.  Really expensive for what amounts to standard Chinese takeout.  But, if you want to have a nice, sleek sit-down experience with cocktails and bar to accompany your standard Chinese food, this is probably your best bet.  I'd rather go to Chinatown.One of my favorites.  The Kung Pao Fish is amazing... but then again, everything i've tried is really good.  Guess that's why it's one of my favorites. 
Quality food, great service, great atmosphere... 2 thumbs up and 5 stars from me.Incredibly affordable and super delicious. Loved everything they served and the waiters were too cool. Loved their chili oil in general. I had their garlic chicken, pad thai (not szechuan but great), dumplings in chili oil -- divine, and tendons in chili oil!!!! Would totally go again.I've only been here for the unlimited hot pot for $30. It's actually quite a good system in that they give you a sheet of paper to mark what you want and then they come back and take it - give you your food and you cook it yourself. what sets this place apart from others is the fact that the spicy broth really really is spicy and delicious! they take their hot pot seriously. They also have a wide variety of chinese meats and organs that few places have. Honestly, this is one of the best hot pot places in philly IMO but for $30pp, it's a bit expensive. One can do this at home but you can't buy their broth. Sad day.I found the food at this establishment to be a little bland. I ordered a non-spicy beef dish (under salted & no other spices) & my gf ordered a spicy Sichuan dish .  Hers lacked flavor as well and was over-poweringly spicy.  Overall not bad, but I'd suck it up and Uber over to Chinatown in the future.GREAT PLACE TO EAT and they deliver. I usually have the food deliveried and the delivery man is also very nice. Usually takes 30-45 mins for delivery but somethings (25% of the time) it was like 15-20 mins. How do they do that?!?!! Love the mapo tofu here. Can be a bit expensive, but hey, i still get it once a week.Okay, just went here with my mom for dinner and it was even better than last time! We split the hot and sour soup, which is definitely the best in the city. It's flavorful and very spicy, and the seafood adds a little something different than your typical Chinese restaurant. We also ordered the black bean Sichuan (level 2 spicy) stir fry with shrimp. We asked them to add peanuts to the stir fry which made it even better. The sauce was flavorful and veggies were cooked just enough. This will absolutely be my go-to order for the future.We five people had hot pot here, but they just gave us one hot pot. 
In fact, my friends went to this one a lot of times. It is the first time we are requested to pay extra $10 for another hot pot. Excuse me? We have five people! 
At last, they let us pay credit card tips much more than 20%Went for a birthday dinner of about 15 people. Wait time was surprisingly not long and we were done eating and out of there pretty quick. 
Food was delicious. I would say the spice level here is higher than other chinese restaurants. I love spicy food so it was good for me. But for some, it was a bit too spicy. We ordered family style with a bunch of dishes. 
Dandan noodles was good. Better than Han Dynasty imo, but not as good as Chili Szechuan's . It was spicier. 
The sizzling shrimp dish was delicious. The marinate on the shrimp matched well with the dish. It was a bit spicy as well since cayenne peppers were used. 
Double cooked chicken was flavorful and delicious. A dish to definitely get. 
There were some other dishes we got, however, I forgot the name of them, but in my opinion, all of the dishes were good and couldn't go wrong. Just remember to get alot of rice to offset the spiciness. 
It was someone's birthday, and they were nice enough to put a sparkler on top of ice cream for the birthday girl. 
Service here is very good and would come here again for both the food and the service.Perfect spot to have a comforting meal on a cold winter day..I have been there twice already..their sichuan style entrees are a must try..I would recommend the dry pot and dry pepper style.. I have tried these with both shrimp and tofu and with a spice rating of 3/5..yum!! Next time I am trying the hot pot style..It's been a year since I last went, but I've been meaning to write this. I'm a huge fan of General Tso's chicken--it's my default, go-to dish, and I've ordered it an embarrassing number of times from a wide selection of restaurants. Jane G's was by far the BEST I've ever had! If you like this dish, you absolutely have to get it here!Tasteless and bland wonton soup. No bok choy, cabbage or roast pork pieces. Mushy skins and tasteless filling. 
Very disappointed.A loyal customer for quite some time. Authentic Sichuan food. But today am disappointed. Ordered lunch special wonton soup ginger and scallion fish filet. Picked it up in close to 100 degree weather and found out when I returned to office no rice was packed. A careless mistake which happens to everybody. But no rice for a lunch takeout from a Chinese Restaurant is illegal and should not be allowed - an unnecessary overlook could have been avoided w minimal efforts.Got a hankering for Chinese food? Do yourself a favor and visit Jane Gs.  This was recommended to us by a friend who described it as "Han Dynasty BUT even better."  The reviews don't lie, my friends - it is indeed true!
Very friendly, helpful staff and QUICK QUICK QUICK service.  Seriously- you can just think about what you want and it's almost like the chef and his staff just know and have it ready for you almost instantaneously.  Let's be real - Who doesn't want a heaping bowl of noodles in their face  within seconds?! 
So, food!!  Dan Dan noodles are even spicier and even more full of flavor- can you imagine?! 
Salt and pepper squid is suuuuuper fresh and perfectly seasoned.  Nix the sweet chili sauce and opt to dip each bite into the chili oil instead (ask for it in advance - you'll love it) - it's magical!
Chili oil dumplings are good but the sauce here is mixed and on the sweeter side - the kick of the chili oil definitely creeps up on you though and it's every bit of wonderful.  
You can't really go wrong with any of the entrees - the sauces are too good! 
VERY IMPORTANT TIP: order a gin and tonic from Khoa at the bar - no lie, he makes the most perfect gin and tonics EVER.  Trust me, you'll be about six glasses deep without even realizing it :) Thank me later!The food is great, but why, why, why doesn't the waitress write down the order? Ours was wrong, waited for food, ruined the experience. We won't think any less of you, I promise. Write the order down!!!Hey man. They food is pretty tight. The dumplings eat up real good and they noodles is tighter than tight. Even the tap water is good.A disclaimer, you guys this is a 4 and 2 star review for two different visits, but I'm incorrigibly lazy so we'll do it together and call it a 3 star. 
Okay, now this part is AN IMPORTANT PSA. DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT GO FOR THE "TASTING MENU." 
Jane G's has legitimate, competently executed Sichuan fare. They have hot pot, intestines, pork blood, and they bring the spices in aces. Our first visit was easily a 4 star visit and indeed made me a fan. Pork belly was tender, thinly shaved, with a mouthwatering garlic ginger sauce that had spice and a little sweet to tamper. Everything in our "Adventure's Stew" (毛血旺) was cooked to the correct texture and had taken on magnificent flavor from the broth that enclosed it. Dry pepper shrimps were cleaned, good sized shrimps, not overcooked and the numbing spices were on point. We had some beautifully complex, strong and vibrant cocktails. The cocktails were their leg up over other great Sichuan joints in Chinatown.
So, I've been made a fan of this place. Sunday I made a 11:30 reservation. We arrive, sign on the door clearly says open at noon. No matter, the boy and I go wondering around and venture into El Rey for a cold one. 
Back at Jane G's, the boy sees the tasting menu option and immediately wants to go for it. I'm a little hesitant about how that would play out. He's feeling pretty confident so we settle on the tasting menu with beer pairing. Our waiter is clearly confused by the choice, and 'uh-ohs' sound in my head. He goes away and comes back and asks us what kind of beer we want. UH OH. I really want to change my mind at this point and go back to ordering a la carte but I'm too sheepish. So we say "whatever beer you guys give us," because isn't that how a tasting and pairing should go?!
What happened next was we got Yuengling (changed to Lagunitas when they kicked the keg), edamame (what?), gyozas, spring rolls, shrimp and pork stir fry noodles (kind of like yakisoba), probably teriyaki chicken (maybe a cloyingly sweet rendition of three cups, hard to say), black bean shrimp and sautéed green beans. They brought out the edamame, gyozas and spring rolls first. There was a lull for a while, then we saw green beans with bowl of white rice each. Then the last three "entrees" came at once, and the waiter said "okay this is your everything". But at the end they gave us coconut and green tea ice cream.
So for $40/pp plus $15/pp beer "pairing", we got some Chinese American takeout, and technically bottomless beer though in no way a real pairing. The cost is nothing to cry about, but the value proposition is not there. We could have had delivery Chinese of similar caliber for a fraction of the price and never even have to leave our front door. There was no experience to speak of either as far as a "tasting" goes. We were unceremoniously served multiple plates of mediocre food at once. It felt like a takeout setup excepting we were in the restaurant and not on our couch. After our edamame and fried appetizers were cleared away, we looked around to see two different sets of patrons enjoying hotpot, and we felt the sting of having made the absolute wrong decision.Discovered this place for delivery on yelp. Pretty good chinese food in center city. Tried the dry pepper chicken and dry pot style. I'm a huge Han dynasty fan and this is the next best thing! I'm not a tofu fan and so I hated the tofu here-I found it to be especially bitter. Overall, good food and VERY spicyLove it! Can't get enough! It's never to SPICY for me but they have 5 different levels so anyone can enjoy Szechuan!
 (AKA Sichuan cuisine, or Szechwan cuisine) is a style of Chinese cuisine originating from Sichuan province in southwestern China.
Happy Szechuan eating!Not my fave. I ask for just noodles for my daughter. I said please charge me full price for an entree if you must, I just want plain noodles. They said no. This is the most un accommodating service industry business I have ever come across. there are also cleanliness issues that prevent me from ever going back. 
The food is decent though. Better than typical Americanized Chinese.I went here on Sunday evening for dinner and was surprised how authentic the food was, given how trendy the place appeared.  (My initial expectation was that it would be more "fusion/modern").  That being said, the decor is very nice and comfortable.  The service was excellent, and the owner also stopped by to chat with us, like many other reviewers have mentioned.  As a testament to how authentic and tasty the food was, almost every group that was dining there at the time was Asian.  
We ordered the dan dan noodles, pork intestine noodle soup, and the fish and tofu clay pot.  
- The dan dan noodles were okay, not that great, especially when you compare to Han Dynasty's dan dan noodles. 
- However.  Everything else we had was _very_ good.  If you like Szechuan, the pork intestine noodle soup was delicious-- full of flavor, not crazy spicy, just delicious and a GREAT deal at $11 (it's a huge bowl).  Despite the dan dan noodles, I would readily order any other Szechuan/spicy dish based on this one.
- The fish and tofu clay pot was not spicy, but exactly what I was in the mood for, which was simple but flavorful.  And it was LOADED with fish and tofu-- they did not skip.  At first I thought it was a bit pricy at $17, but now that I've been literally eating it for 3 days and counting, it's a darn good deal for the size.
I fully intend to be here often.  My recommendations are: Szechuan dishes and more Asian dishes.  It sounds like some of the more "americanized" dishes (trying not to sound pretentious or anything!) were not that good from what the other reviews say.  I am hoping to try the spicy beef noodle soup and mustard greens and flounder soup next.  Several tables nearby ordered the crispy whole fish with sweet and sour sauce, which looked really good too.Definitely a fan of Jane G's. I went here on a hot summer night over the 4th of July weekend.  It was fairly crowded and a lot of Asians in the restaurant - which is always a good sign.  
We ordered the truffle edamame dumplings and cold sesame noodles - both well seasoned and delicious.  For my main entree, I went with the kung-pau chicken which was spicy and tasty.  You can rate your food on level of spiciness 1 thru 5.  I cannot imagine how I would have handled anything higher than a 2.  My boyfriend got the dry pepper shrimp which was gorgeous on the plate and came with practically 3 dozen hot peppers which were grilled and really hot!  You didn't eat them, they were just there for flavor and the look.  The waiter helped us with ordering because the menu is quite big.
Without a doubt, I would go back for my next Szechuan craving.
My only negative comment was that half-way through our meal, the entire kitchen staff came out to eat their own dinner.  They were clearly line cooks in their white aprons shoveling food into their mouth at the back bar.  Working in restaurants for years, this was a bit off-putting and certainly frowned upon in most food establishments, but might just be a cultural thing.My parents are from Szechuan, my husband is a Chinese food snob, and I love a good ambience. We were excited to try out the many Chinese restaurants since moving to Philadelphia. After exploring each Asian establishment in town - from University to Old City, Jane G's is our stand-out favorite again and again. We go there after work, when family/friends come to town, when we need a happening happy hour hot spot, or when we just need a delicious taste of home away from home. This place offers an amazing blend of authentic Chinese food spiced from 1-5 (I'd recommend staying 3 or below for the sane) furnished with classy upscale modern decor. 
My Szechuan ancestors and I give Jane G's 2 spicy thumbs up.My boyfriend and I had ordered takeout from Jane G's, and to be honest it was sub par. Everything was fairly bad and I was reluctant to have dinner in the restaurant.
That being said, dinner was not what I had expected. We had the shrimp and leek dumplings, the cold sesame noodles, and the honey walnut shrimp. Everything was pretty good, especially the noodles. Nothing knocked me away, but definitely upped my opinion since our takeout experience.
I'd go back, but I'm not running.Such a great authentic Chinese restaurant!!! I'm really loving this place. Definitely need to come back with friends!!!!Their dan dan noodles are the best (yes better than han dynasty). Very good chinese food. A little bit pricey for the main but you get what you pay for (unless you feel like going to chinatown!).Just okay. The food quality was good but incredibly overpriced. And I mean incredibly!Me and my boyfriend always come eat here or order take out since we live a block away.  It's our favorite go to place.  The quality of the food is amazing,  Chinatown food is cheaper but the quality here is worth the price. We used to prefer tale out like 2-3 times a week.  
We love the double cook chicken and chili wonton.  Their fish on chili sauce is delicious,  we usually order spicy level 3, which gives you the right amount of spice. I love this place.Hands down, the best I ever had. The wontons in chili oil were killer!!! We had the General Tso Chicken and Mongolian Beef as well. Both incredible.Wandered in here for lunch today and wow! My boyfriend and ordered 2 lunch specials with wonton soup, garlic chicken, and Kung Pao chicken. Everything was phenomenal! Will definitely be returning soon.This is probably one of the nicest and biggest Chinese restaurants in the area. When you walk in you see a large open space with multiple dining rooms and attention to decoration. But, some of that wears off when you sit down and your table is the stereotypical Chinatown dirty table with a paper menu. 
Still, the food is authentic, even with English speaking servers! Soup dumplings have a thinner layer of skin than at dim sum garden or toms dim sum, making for a tastier experience! 
Prices here are slightly above average Chinese food ($11 for string beans with no meat, anyone?) but service makes up for it (although they did give us the wrong item but it was easily switched out). 
Btw, beef scallion pancakes is a must :)My first dining experience was marred by a service issue (waiter forgot to put in our orders) granted we came on opening weekend. But a legit dimsum place with good food I cannot pass on. I need dimsum. I miss good dimsum so I came a second time and this time with some newly made friends and we had a blast. The waiter we had was the right level of sarcasm/trollin that we love and vibe with and plus he got our orders in and was just doing his job well and with care. Much appreciated! And there's a pool table! which is a nice touch to a night out. Thank you Jackson for giving us a reason to come back because we had lots of fun and most importantly the dimsum is delicious.It's out one of favorite spot for lunch with coworkers. Since it was open we went there more than 10 times. And every time we order same thing but we like that it stays consistent. My usual is wonton soup, which we actually can split between 2 people easy, and sticky rice in banana leaf. I love this sticky rice, I tried a lot of it in different places in Chinatown and I can tell this is one of my favorite. Soup dumplings are good, but I know better place in Chinatown, since it's in university city area, I would say they are the best. Actually I can say that Dim Sum House is the best Chinese restaurant in University City of Phila. I hope they will maintain being clean and solid. The service is always good, just remember that they serve as it's ready, so sometime everything can come at the same time, sometimes in odd way.
Overall I would recommend to try it!This place is yummy AF. Great service. I tried this sour beer that was Fantastic. And best of all was the ice cream: I tried both sesame and Vietnamese coffee. To.die.for.Came here last night with a couple of buddies and had a good time.  Were seated pretty quickly, service was generally attentive,food was tasty.  We had a selection of dim sum and main entrees: shrimp siu mai, spicy shrimp dumplings, veggie dumplings, authentic (meaning no soy sauce i guess?) fried rice, stir fried green beans, and stir fried potato.  We spent about 20 bucks per person, which was not bad for a Friday night dinner out with friends.  
I will say this; if you are coming here for affordable/amazing/authentic dim sum, then this is probably not the best place for you.  The food is pretty authentic, but you will be paying a premium price for it (probably close to double the price you would pay if you went to dim sum in Chinatown).  In addition, the food quality (at least at the moment) will likely not blow your mind; it's standard decent dim sum.  That being said, if you're coming here for the atmosphere and for the chance to eat good dim sum for dinner, then it's probably worth it. 
Small kinks that I think will likely be worked out as time goes on: serving utensils were limited (we had one serving spoon for pretty much all of our dishes), and our plates, which were tiny, were not cleared out between our meals.  
Definitely a nice and chill place to hang out with friends, I'd come back..I'm curious how things will change as the restaurant develops.Went there 3 times in 4 days. Immaculate service, loved everything we ordered except for the west lake fish, but I always have problem with that dish, wherever I have it.
I love the Jane G's over at Rittenhouse, and their university city location doesn't disappoint.Dim sum house's environment is calm and welcoming with their upbeat and  friendly servers. Their food is a nice modern take on traditional Chinese dishes. I highly recommend the beef scallion pancakes, soup dumplings and spicy tofu fish.I ate here as part of a group of 5 on August 11.  The food was decent; the service not so.  Perhaps it was just our particular server, but she left a lot to be desired.  Food was charged that was not delivered, and everyone's appetizer course came out together but mine.  The waitress described this as "family style" dining, but this concept was hard for me to understand since 4 of the 5 other people received their appetizers at the same time, and mine came out 2 minutes before my meal.Really a 3.5 stars would be more accurate.
This place has a pretty decent happy hour, having a handful of their dim sum on happy hour for $4 or less. They were a little pricier than my other go-to dim sum place in Chinatown and I thought that their soup dumplings (pork and the pork and crab) lacked some spice (like salt and pepper) in comparison to other soup dumplings I've had. The crystal shrimp dumplings were good, as were the pork and leek dumplings and the pork bun bao. They were able to accommodate some of their dim sum for a vegan at our table (vegetable dumplings and sticky rice shumai). Overall, I thought this place was pretty decent and I would definitely visit again if I was in the area and seriously craving dim sum.Great dim sim- not greasy and the soup dumplings hit the spot. So delish. I will be back!The food, the decor, and the cocktails were all phenomenal. I'm so excited to not have to trek to Chinatown to get great soup dumplings and if you do have to make a trek, this place is worth it. We got crabmeat soup dumplings, pork soup dumplings and the dan dan noodles (the hottest it could be but the spice was not nearly hot enough). All of it was very good and lovely on a cold night. 
However, the service left much to be desired. We waited for a long time to be acknowledged even though it wasn't too busy. This would've gotten 5 stars if it weren't for the bad service. The bartender was great but the actual server left us hangin. I'll be back but will be prepared to be ignored.I highly recommend Jackson and his team to anyone who is planning an event and wants to have high quality Chinese food. Not only were they extremely professional, but they were able to accommodate near everything that we asked for in a very short amount of time. We had a small wedding reception (less than 60 people) and really wanted a traditional Chinese banquet (which includes multiple courses). The menu that they designed included dim sum dishes, peking duck, lobster, fried rice, pork belly just to name a few. We also wanted a lot of things including speakers, a gift table, open bar, a cake table, white linens - and all within a span of 2 weeks. A day before the event, I worriedly told Jackson that I had found out that some of the guests had dietary restrictions (think gluten-free, vegetarian) and he laughed. He was very used to dinner guests having dietary restrictions, always made sure to ask, and yes, it was no problem. 
Our guests had a lot of fun and most importantly, the bride and groom were thrilled with the final result. Jackson was always around to assist with any of my last minute requests. His servers were constantly asking our guests if they needed anything, drinks, napkins, chili sauce, etc. Jackson even took it upon himself to set up the video presentation, freeing me to go handle other things. That act alone speaks volumes about how much he values his guests. He did this multiple times throughout the night which made coordinating the reception that much easier. I could not have asked for a better person (and actually set of people) to work with. 
We are so happy that we chose to have the wedding reception here. The restaurant setting and ambiance is warm and very classy. The servers are very polite and attentive to their guests' needs. Seriously consider having your events here, I think you will be very pleased.Dim Sum House will have you housing their dumplings and dim sum, but in a classy looking establishment, rather than the dark boisterous cramped Chinatown ambiance you're used to. 
Owned by the Jane G's folks, this sleek-looking, bright, spacious, restaurant has booths lining the sides, with some high top tables in the middle, a pool table (a bit random during dim sum, but probably fits in more during happy hour and weekends), and more private dining areas in the back, perfect for private parties or events.
The food was very good and fresh tasting, I've never seen shumai and chicken feet so big! The custard buns are not to be missed- soft, smooth and pillowy with a warm custard explosion when you bite into it. They have soup dumplings and shrimp cheong fun, and all the regular dim sum bites, "the familiars" (read: general tso's), and a decent amount of vegetarian options (buns, dumplings, green beans). Basically, you can bring your white friends here and they won't feel the need to check the health reports after.
Prices are not Chinatown prices, but for dim sum for 4, I think the bill was around $80, so not too bad. I'd love to host an event here, they definitely have the space for it!A friend and I went for dinner on Tuesday and sat at the bar for the tail end of happy hour. The interior was surprisingly swank considering that it's in the 2nd floor of a building still undergoing construction. Lots of quilted leather and dark wood.
The bartender seemed to lose interest in us when we said we weren't interested in ordering full entrees at the bar. We did get two green tea shots, a Shapeless Like Water cocktail, a Yards beer, pork baos, and chicken skewers.
The green tea shots were delicious! Very smooth and tasted a lot like green tea without that sometimes musky aftertaste you can get. The Shapeless Like Water cocktail was actually incredible. It doesn't taste like a generic sweet cocktail you can get at any bars despite having lychee and Asian pear. It was perfectly made for dim sum.
The chicken skewers were good and you get 3 pork baos in a serving. These were pretty good too except they're impossible to peel out of the paper wrapper without the bottom completely tearing off. 
There's another dining area off to the right that seemed more casual and louder. I look forward to going back and hopefully having a better time with a table server!The food was not as good as other Chinese Restaurants, rice with pepper and beef was not very goodI'm so excited that University City now has a great place for dim sum! Dim Sum House makes a very nice first impression, as the decor is chic and upscale. My friend and I were quickly seated and served some tea, but then we waited over 10 minutes until a server even came to our table. Finally, the waitress must have noticed me looking around, and came over to the table to ask if we were ready to order. No greeting. No apology for the wait. She seemed totally unaware that no one had come to ask for our drink order or anything. 
So, 2/5 stars for the service, because it was kind of appalling given the atmosphere that they are going for.
Now that I got that out of my system, I was totally impressed by the food. We shared the following: chicken curry dumplings (PACKED with chicken, they didn't skimp by any means), pork soup dumplings (of course), green beans, dan dan noodles, and the beef scallion pancakes. I have to say that each dish was excellent.
-The green beans were crisp and flavorful- we always get a vegetable to balance all of the carbs and this was a great choice! 
-The pork soup dumplings are a must. I tried them so I could make a reasonable comparison to my favorite Chinatown spots like Tom's and Dim Sum Garden, and these definitely stack up! They were piping hot at first, but once we got to try them, they were delicious.
-the dan dan noodles were tasty, a bit on the oily side, but they let you choose the level of spiciness so that is a plus. We went with a 4! I am usually very sensitive to heat but I found the 4 to be palatable and delicious.
-the scallion pancakes were SO good and such a surprise. They are served almost like a little panini. My one complaint is that they were very oily, but still tasty.
I was very surprised to see how expensive the alcohol is here, so for that reason we decided to spend all of our money on food! Even so, for all of that food it only came out to $25 per person. Not bad! I am anxious to come for happy hour, and I'll be back for dinner soon for sure. The service needs improvement, but the food is spot on!Heard about a new Dim Sum joint being run by Jane G's crew and figured I needed to make a point of checking it out.  Luckily for me, the next day was MLK day and I had a day off to explore.  I grabbed Jared J for some company and headed their way around noon.
You never know what to expect with a recently opened restaurant and the holiday too boot, yet we walked into a packed house.  Surprising since this place seems huge!  No worries as they didn't take long to greet us, seat us, and bring us some great hot tea.  
We found their menu had both Shanghai and Cantonese dim sum, along with soups, veggies, and a few other entree items.  Honestly, I didn't know there were different types of dim sum!  Let's face it, I'm sure their entrees are fine, but I came for dum sum.  We ordered the Pork Soup Dumplings, Crabmeat Soup Dumplings, Shanghai Sticky Rice Shao Mai, Crystal Shrimp Dumplings, and a Mustard Green Pork Soup.
Obviously from the five star rating it was top notch.  The details - the soup dumplings came in groups of 6, the others in groups of 4, and the soup served two easily.  The amount of food seemed perfect for the two of us.  I wasn't a huge fan of the Sticky Rice.  From the dumplings, the Crystal Shrimp was a clear winner.  Believe it or not, my favorite dish was probably the soup.  Maybe I just wasn't expecting so much (flavor, content, deliciousness).  Sorry, no photos this time around as we mostly forgot and dug in first.
As I mentioned, they were rather packed.  I'm not sure they were expecting as many people, yet they handled everything well.  We did have to wait a bit for some of our food, but they came out with dishes as they were prepared so we always had chow to eat.  I mentioned the free tea, but its worth noting it is better than one would expect (especially for free tea).  If you'd like a glass of water with your meal, make sure to ask.  However, once you had it, they are on spot with refills and appropriately check in with you as you eat.
In my mind, U City got blessed with another great place to eat.  Since its not quite around the corner from me, I won't be going every day.  Honestly, that is probably the only thing stopping me - I will certainly be back!I don't really see what all the hype's about. The wait was double what the hostess said it would be, and once we finally got seated the dumplings we ended up ordering came out only lukewarm and tasted very oily.I came here with four friends before the grand opening. I was seated even though the rest of our party wasn't there yet. The waiter gave me tea right away. We ordered the Pork Soup Dumplings and Beef Scallion Pancakes to start. The boss was walking around and came by to suggest the Spicy Soup Dumpling. If you like spicy, try it! We also got the Dan Dan Noodles, Beef Ho Fun, Shrimp Shu Mai, Salt and Pepper Scallop, and Shrimp and Chive Dumplings. 
The restaurant had a modern feel and the dim sum was more so contemporary. The menu separated Shanghai and Cantonese style dim sum.
My friends got the Gwai Lo Blanc, Jane G's Sangria Red, and Drunken Master off of the happy hour menu. The Sangria was good. My friend felt the Gwai Lo Blanc was watered down. The Drunken Master was gingery.While most of the items on the Dim Sum menu are delicious, the two that stand out are the soup dumplings which are cooked to perfection and have such Delicious broth and the DanDan noodles. Didn't even know that was a thing till I got to Philly. Absolutely need more. Now. Not greasy like some of the other noodles you will find. 
Overall, fantastic place and good service. Wonderful place to go with a group and share a bunch of stuff!Not bad not excellent. You're paying for the ambiance and some okay dishes. I am not too keen on Asian fusion-ish places like this. We ordered the Peking duck and it didn't come with enough rolls for just three of us and we asked for more, they actually charged extra for the rolls which is something I've never experienced before. A bit over priced, (an understatement) for the quality, but there's not a lot of choices around so I'm happy for any new restaurants opening in the area. I recommend the West Lake Beef Soup, its very tasty!A great dim sum place in Philly.  Good selection of dim sum items.  Overall the foods are great and the ambiance is great.  We totally enjoy our foods.The dim sum here was good. I definitely enjoyed the scallion beef pancake. Also, I tired the hot and sour soup which hit the spot after playing softball. Other than that the service was good as usual.I came here for lunch and was quite disappointed by the lunch special. I saw on other reviews that the dumplings were quite good, but these weren't offered. I went to the grand opening party and enjoyed the dim sum I had there. The lunch menu seemed to be at a good price point; 12 dollars for a soup and an entree. The restaurant is really nice to be in; there are a lot of decorations and the ambiance is great. 
I ordered the egg drop soup with corn and my friend got the dumpling soup. We enjoyed both of our soups. 
My friend ordered some kind of pork dish and I ordered the hot pot fish dish. So. Oily. Almost to the point that there was pretty much no flavor besides just... oil. My flavorless fish had a pretty good portion, though, but there was literally just a layer of oil on top. Same with the pork; there was a huge pool of oil on the dish. The rice was fine though; the fried rice wasn't super "fried" and actually tasted healthier than other places. 
The service was also quite subpar. I had to literally chase after waiters to ask for a spoon for my soup and for the bill. As in, my waiter was literally no where to be found after he took my order. I saw a few waiters just sitting around on the benches on their phones. 
Overall, I was pretty disappointed by Dim Sum House - the flavorless, oily food and the slow service. Will not be back for the entrees, but may be back to try the dumplings. Han Dynasty is much better for the things we ordered!Fast, convenient, and tasty dim sum near UPenn. The two of us got seated really quickly for Friday dinner and the server was efficient and attentive. They have a happy hour with a decent selection of dim sum such as crystal shrimp dumplings and shu mai. All of our dimsum came in around 10 min and it was perfect because we were in a hurry. For a dim sum place near a college campus, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the dimsum (7 out of 10). The only disappointment was the pork buns were a little dry. Definitely get the crab meat soup dumplings. 
In terms of ambiance, it is modern Asian. The table for two was a little cramped especially for dim sum since it is served in many small plates. 
This place is definitely 5 stars and a good place to get your dim sum fix. I would prefer Dim Sum House over many "authentic" dim sum places that actually have worse quality food and sometimes questionable cleanliness.Having the wrong waiter made my dining experience here memorable in a negative way. Waited 40 mins to find out they didn't put my order through. Too hungry for thisDim Sum House felt like an elegant take on classic dim sum. My group attended for UC Dining Days and were prepared to eat a lot.
After getting settled into a large, cozy booth by the window, we placed our cocktail order. The Canton Cosmo is their take on a lychee martini. Vodka and lychee liquor made it strong in a disguising way.
We ordered most of the appetizers and doubled up on the ones with the most hype. The pork soup dumplings and beef scallion pancakes were that good. The pancake was shaped more like an egg roll but tasted like a traditional scallion pancake; it was very hearty.
For the mains, we ordered two dry pepper with chicken, green long hots with shredded beef and Dan Dan noodles. Food coma was already kicking in, but we had to indulge while it was hot a fresh. I wasn't expecting the chicken to be crispy and in little popcorn chicken like bites, but it was a pleasant treat. The peppers in the chicken were a little tough but gave a good kick. The beef was excellent and I'd absolutely order it again.
We went with the Vietnamese coffee and green tea ice cream. Upon recommendation from our server, we ordered the egg custard bao. It was so odd to cut into a dessert and have egg yolk come out, but then after getting past that, it was delicious custard! 
We got all that food (minus the cocktails) for $25 per person. Obviously a great deal, but that did the trick in showing me a new-to-me restaurant and making me want to return.I went here at night to have a bowl of congee, but after sitting down for 10 minutes, I was told that the kitchen didn't have it, so I order some soup dumplings instead. The food itself was good, but the wait time was very long. The service was average.Unusual but I didn't hate it. When I think of dim sum, I think of food carts going around everywhere, loud asian people and rude waiters. That's just how i've always had my dim sum. When you walk into this place... it's the complete opposite. Beautiful restaurant, nice ambience and very quiet. You order the food and it comes out of the kitchen. I was skeptical to say the least. But the food and service were actually pretty good! We ordered the dan dan noodles, chicken feet, xiao long bao, cheung fun and the pork belly with greens. Dan dan noodles didnt look like dandan noodles to be honest but they were really good. If you like spicy food, just order it and ask for the spiciest. You wont be dissapointed. The chicken feet were tender and tasty. Cheung fun was nothing special but not bad. Pork belly with greens was pretty good. Thin slices of melt in your mouth pork belly on top of a flavorful shredded beef/veggie pile. Honestly though I'd probably go for the dong po if I was craving a pork dish. The xiao long bao had a bit of a thicker skin than I would like so they were just ok imo. Overall, if you're looking for a traditional dim sum experience, avoid. If you're looking for good chinese food/dim sum and don't feel like going to chinatown, come here!
FYI: They open at 11!! Which was unusual for me as dimsum usually starts early... but that's adding to the point.I had dim sum with five friends yesterday and we ordered about 15 dishes in total plus draft beer. Our favorite dishes were the Pork Soup Dumplings, the Beef Scallion Pancakes, Pork Buns, Spicy Shrimp Dumplings. The restaurant is stylish and large, our server very attentive and well versed - and we will return in near future. As a group of friends, we enjoyed and it was well suited for weekends when you want to enjoy time out with 1, 2 or 10 people. We will return for cocktails in coming weeks.Disappointing, both the quality and the quantity of food served has been compromised. I don't care a lot about the quantity; but I started coming here for the quality, which sadly isn't the same!The service is terrible. All the staff just want to hang out and make sure the customers are miserable. The food is good, if it ever arrives at your table.Honestly so disappointed. Had had great food here but when we tried to go at 1:25 (they say on every internet source they are open till 2am) they told us that the kitchen closed at 1am. No where on the internet did they say this - this is completely false advertising, and the host at the time was incredibly rude and unhelpful. I am very disappointed and unhappy. Will be bringing my business elsewhere and I encourage everyone else to do the same. False advertising is one thing but being unaccommodating and outright RUDE is another.This was quite honestly the worst service I have ever received at a restaurant. We waited 10 minutes to be seen by a server who then proceeded to be extremely rude and didn't get us water or anything. We had to ask a busboy for water and our check at the end. The food was simply okay and over priced. If you have the time and the decency go to Dim Sum Garden.Great food, good ambience. The soup dumplings were amazing and so were the different dim sums we had. Dan Dan was on point. We will be back soon!
Been here a couple more times after the first review - Spicy soup dumplings are crazy spicy - Avoid if you can't handle spice. They have a late night restricted menu after 11pm. The only disappointing part - no hot tea on the menu late night.only two complaints: it was really busy when I went with my friend and we had to sit at the bar area and it's a little pricey but other than that the food was really really good like I don't know if I've had dimsum like that in a long time. would recommend the soup dumplings and beef scallion pancake. and it's close to campus which is a plus and our server was super friendly and accommodatingUh. Maze. Zing. Cute / trendy place, friendly staff, reasonable prices, delicious food. 
I had the spicy Xiao Long Bao - incredible
Shrimp and chive dumplings - humongous and delicious
Beef filled scallion pancake - sooo good
Steam pork buns - very good
Hot tea comes with every meal and it was fantastic too.
I love this place and want to come back to Philly just to eat here again!Solid four-star meal at DSH. We are used to dim sum from carts, so this was a little different, but it worked. Most everything we got was really good -- in particular the string beans, soup dumplings, and chive & shrimp dumplings. Crystal shrimp dumplings very good too. Even the pad thai. One nice thing about ordering dim sum off the menu is that everything is made to order so it's nice and hot (we've gotten plenty of stuff from carts that is lukewarm or even cold).
The only real miss was the eggplant stuffed with shrimp, which was pretty tasteless.
Prices are higher than at your typical dim summery, but the place is much nicer than those places too. And we enjoyed the 80s music!I've been here twice in thee days and everything I've had here is fantastic! I've had the Pad Thai, the pork soup dumplings, fried soup dumplings, chili oil wontons, and scallion pancakes. Would highly recommend all of them! Great place!Went for lunch with a coworker and we loved the food. The pork soup dumplings and the pork buns were delicious, as well as the fried rice (without soy sauce).  I am definitely going to return here to try the many other options as well as the bar!a nice addition to the growing asian restaurants in the university city area - the food reminds me of a blend between Han Dynasty and Dim Sum Garden for those familiar with the restaurants.  
i recommend their soup dumplings and beef scallion pancake.  haven't had the opportunity to try more of the menu so far but overall quality and quantity of food is good.  
my only current qualm about this place is the seemingly scattered/disorganized service - i prefer one server over multiple servers as orders have gotten easily lost the most recent time i have visited. additionally, the timing of servers were too closely spaced where servers asked within 5 minutes of each other if we needed anything else, making it come off if they were rushing for us to finish and then it ended with one of the servers taking our signed receipt before we left.Took my dad to lunch here on a whim. He's a huge dim sum fan, I'm a novice--we were both really impressed. The interior decoration was nice and the wait staff were -extremely- friendly and helpful. We tried the Dan Dan noodles with chicken, Beef Scallion Pancakes, Beef Soup dumplings and Spicy Shrimp dumplings. 
We really liked everything, but especially the noodles. They asked us how hot we wanted them, and we went with 3--which had enough bite for me without being too hot for my dad. Really tasty. The beef soup dumplings were thick and filling, and the spicy shrimp was a taste explosion.
Can't wait to go back.Very modern and well balanced interior and friendly service. Tried a bunch of dumplings. Scallion pancake could have been a bit warmer. Soup dumplings not so easy to handle and broth could be a bit stronger. Some improvement needed. Bit pricy for what you actually get.The soup dumplings, the curry dumplings, the sizzled beef is really good. When it gets busy the wait staff might forget about you. But it's not their fault. They're super busy. 
The tea they serve is really good too. 
Additionally, the baskets the dim sum come in have holes on the bottom. I noticed some people pouring soy sauce into them and seeing a pool of soy sauce on the table.Reservations is suggested because they get filled up pretty quick, and wait times are long. Welcome to the neighborhood the matriarch herself, Jane G and son, Jackson. Your restaurant is a breath of fresh air to the University City area. Now I don't have to fight traffic to go to Chinatown. Your restaurant's layout has good taste, perfect to bring your significant other or that special date. Private groups are welcome over at their sectioned areas, and families will have a great time. Their prices are reasonable and the food is amazing! Their Bar is a nice addition to the place, for those who want alcohol to go with their meal. Food is delivered in a timely fashion. It does not have that heavy oily taste, nor are they salty. It is wheelchair accessible. My only gripe is the parking situation. Your only option is metered street parking. The nearest parking garage is at the corner of 40th and Walnut St. If they do decide to add valet service, I'm sure it will be welcomed and appreciated. Thank you so much for being in my neighborhood.The server is so bad, so bad, so bad. No water, no light. When I complain with the manager, the server goes furious and says why u complain. I was thinking wtf. I don't want to come here anymore. And also, raw pork siu mai btw.I came here one time just to check it out and the inside is very modern and the music is not very dim sum-y but their food is so good who cares. The beef scallion pancake is pure heaven, though sometimes it comes out cold and then u just gotta let them know and they'll heat it up for u, and the chili oil wontons.....I could inhale three orders of them. That's honestly all I care for there but those two are so good I don't need anything else!!!!! The tea they serve u is also very goodAn absolutely reliable favorite place for quality Chinese food and dim sum, conveniently located on campus. Trendy yet unpretentious decor, dimly lit, fast service and a great selection of food. My favorites include the pork buns, custard buns, and any variation of the soup dumplings. Thank you Jane G!Difinitely over-rated place. I knew the place is crowded, so I call to order take out, waiter told me to pick up in 20 minutes. When I get there, I should get my order ready, however, they have me waited for another 40 minutes! Every time I asked the waiter/waitress if mine is ready, they just say they will check, and never get back to you. Until I told them it is about an hour after I called to order, I want refund and leave, waitress immediately bring the food from kitchen. Which probably means they previously told me they will check at the kitchen, they actually DID NOT!
Food is over-priced.
WORST PLACE EVER!!
If you have a lot of time and money to waste, this is ur choice.Good dim sum place finally in university city! Recommended items are black bean pork ribs, soup dumplings (although dim sum garden's a bit better), pumpkin tart & fried rice!My first time here. Not too far from my crib, and I loved it! Nic, James (i think),and D were super friendly and efficient at the bar. The dumplings were delicious. We loved the roast pork bun and the beef and garlic broccoli. The scallion pancakes were so tasty. We waited a half an hour for them but then was comp'd for them because it took too long. Really cute for date night. Even had a pool table. Hope to go back soon for 5 star!We got here pretty late like at 11:45pm. Parking is basically street parking. The area seemed pretty quiet at the time. The place was relatively easy to locate. It's upstairs. It was a very laid back setting with a DJ & a bunch of people. Most of the people at the bar were super drunk & obnoxious. The music was really jarring, and I could barely hear my boyfriend. It took the server forever to come get our order. For a second we thought we were unnoticed, and were wondering if the kitchen closed. Cause literally everyone was crowded around the bar. We ordered chicken dumplings, spicy shrimp dumplings, & vegetable dumplings. The chicken dumplings were a definite hit! We loved them! The spicy shrimp dumplings were amazing (for me), but my boyfriend couldn't stomach them. They're like a 8 on a scale of 1-10. Definitely don't recommend them to people that aren't too fond of spicy food. The vegetable dumplings were a dish neither of us liked too much. The pricing seemed relatively affordable for us. Many people around the NYC area would probably beg to differ. I would definitely give this place one more chance to see if their service improves at an earlier time in the evening.Great location, very nice decor and soup dumplings were out of this world. Can't wait to go back and try more of their offerings!Amazing! My fiancée and I were in town for the weekend and we had to try this new dim sum place that we had been hearing about. Beautiful space, great quality food, and great service. We tried the cold spicy beef tendon (spicy but so good), the soup dumpling (with just the right ratio of filling to wrapper), the sizzling short rib (loved the black bean sauce), and gotta have some veggies so the Mapo tofu. Making myself hungry already just writing this.  Also love that they are open late night for fresh dim sum until 2am. Can't wait to go back !I was thrilled with both the food and the service here tonight. My husband and I sat at the bar and ordered a few happy hour drinks. We both had the cocktail with blackberry shrub and Bluecoat gin--the name escapes me--and it was delicious.  The vinegar-tang of the shrub kept it from being too sweet. At $5 per drink it felt like a great deal. We also had the crystal shrimp dumplings (excellent), sautéed green beans (very good--very salty and garlicky), durian rolls (durian is a bit of an acquired taste, but the flaky pastry roll on the outside and the sweet durian custard contrast on the inside was amazing) the shrimp stuffed eggplant was better than the dim sum I fell in love with as a kid. It was the best iteration of this dish I've ever had, and this is a dish I've been in love with since I was 8. We practically licked the bowl. Lastly, we ordered two orders of the chive and shrimp dumplings. Originally we ordered one, but it was too good and we had to order a second--the wrapper was transparent-thin and each dumpling was totally stuffed with filling. They were perfect. 
While each dish might be a little pricier than its Chinatown counterpart, the quality is worth it. 
I should correct that: the service is also worth every penny. We had an excellent bartender who was incredibly attentive and absolutely made our dining experience. We will definitely be back. 
(The one slight negative: if you're an old person like myself, you might find the noise level challenging. Sitting at the bar and not in the middle of the dining room, it was quite manageable, but be wary of where you're sat if you're hearing-impaired.)I remember when they were about to open a ~fancy~ dim sum house at U. City, I didn't know how I felt about it. Growing up, dim sum is not supposed to be fancy, it's loud and chaotic and a precious memory. So I was pleasantly surprised by the very well made and delicious dim sums, as well as its spacious storefront and service. 
Since its opening, this has been the go to place for large group (7-10 people) hangout because the ability to share in dim sum. We can order a couple entrees and a handful of dim sum dishes to cover everyone's dietary restrictions. You can make appointments ahead of time as well - the whole process is really easily facilitated. 
If I have to recommend a few dishes for you to try: I would definitely say the veggie fried rice, the veggie dumplings, the stir fried string beans, the egg cream buns, and the beef stuffed scallion pancake.Dim Sum House features a menu offering up plenty of delicious and genuine options. It would serve you well to be adventurous in your choices as everything is delicious. Do yourself a favor and be sure to order at least one of the many variations of soup dumplings as well as the scallion pancakes with beef. Their fried rice is satisfying and somehow less guilt inducing than any other fried rice that I've had, and the curry dumplings pack plenty of flavor. This time around,  I tried the bone in spare ribs which were nothing like I was expecting and a the bones were a challenge,  but the ribs were both flavorful and tender- well worth the challenge of disposing of the bones inconspicuously. Take it from me, anything on the menu preceded by the word "spicy " is telling the truth! So those of us who enjoy the spice of life will be pleased for sure. The food here is solid, reasonably priced,  and arrives quickly tableside. I'm looking forward to seeing how this newcomer to University City evolves.Got here at 5:30pm Monday for a quick drink and appetizer, ended up staying 5 hours! David the bartender was super friendly and recommended the extra spicy soup dumplings and beef stuffed scallion pancakes, both were fantastic. Then we had the dry pot - not as outstanding as the apps but still excellent. Reasonably priced as well - can't wait to go back!Nice place to visit for dim sum.    Food comes out at a fast pace and the service is really spot-on.   Great for a family or date outing.   Gets really crowded on weekends but that ensures good and fresh food!When this place first opened I was hesitant to try it because of how Americanized it may be compared to authentic dim sum. However I was pleasantly surprised with the menu selections and quality of the dim sum options. I find myself coming here again and again for the dim sum. One of my favorites is that they are opened late night whereas most dim sum places usually aren't. My favorites here are the Dan Dan noodles, Peking duck, spicy soup dumplings, and the turnip cake. The only dish that doesn't seem as authentic is the shrimp cheung fun. The bartenders are also very nice and knowledgeable about the rotating beers on tap. My boyfriend really enjoyed the ginger beer. My favorite drink there is the lychee cosmo.Nice surprise in the art museum area! The food was fresh and quick- my dining partner was disappointed when she couldn't substitute among the menus choices as she doesn't eat rice. Hence the 4 stars.Came here for dindin with my lover one night and ordered the soup dumplings, mapo tofu, har gaw, and scallion pancakes. Food was okay. Price was okay too - a few dollars/cents more than what it would cost in chinatown. The establishment has "americanized" these traditional dishes in a way. Quality is up to par but something in the back of my tonsils tells me that the chefs are most likely not chinese/asian. 
How do I know? I can just taste it ...By far the best soup dumplings in Philadelphia. The service and food are always amazing. They also have a FREE pool table in the dining room!! Thank you Dim Sum house for being my favorite place to go in the city.Really enjoyable experience.  The owner/manager may be an Irish man, but rest assure he and the creators/service staff of Dim Sum are well versed in Dum Sum cuisine.   I'm not from the area, but it felt like this was a perfect addition to the neighborhood.  Great food, inventive cocktails and overall relaxing vibe.The food is legit, the best dim sum in Philly. They have both styles dim sum so you get your soup dumplings here as well!
Staff was very friendly and upbeat. The dim sum is a la carte so you won't find any carts here. They serve alcohol and offer some punny cocktails. Definitely go for the classic shumai and har gow.This place is soooo good. It's on Penn's campus but i highly recommend you go even if you don't go to penn or Drexel. This is so worth the trip down there. We got the typical dim sum and dry pepper style chicken which was amazing. Definitely check it outWe went to this place for dinner on a whim.  It was a really good whim!  The food was good overall, and the service was really attentive.  The place also presented as really classy, especially for a dim sum restaurant.  The layout of the place is odd, but it looks like they have a lot of tables overall.  There is a bar and a pool table.  No one was playing pool while we were there, but I could have imagined that we would have been annoyed by people playing pool even moderately loudly.
You have to try the Beef Scallion Pancake.  It is like a big scallion pancake with delicious beef (and some kind of sweet sauce, and maybe leeks?) rolled up like a burrito.  It was quite big, like the rest of the dim sum we tried.  The pork buns were good on the bun part, but I didn't love the filling (it was kind of gelatinous).  The pork soup dumplings were good and were quite similar to the pork soup dumplings as Dim Sum Garden in Chinatown.  
One issue: the water glasses were too small.  This may sound like an odd complaint, but I'd say it was a real issue.  I was thirsty, and I felt like I was getting to know the water-fillers well.  
I will definitely be back!Such a great experience at Dim Sum House. Our server was awesome. Great job to Yohan for being fantastic, offering great recommendations and answering all of our questions. Nice variety of dim sum and all our choices were delicious. My buddy had never had dim sum before and he loved it. 
This place is cool and hip. Very college town friendly. Drinks were great as well. I can't wait to come back. 
Must try are the pork and soup dumplings and pork and crab shumai. If you love spicy then definitely try the spicy shrimp dumplings. Very delicious with a nice kick and they come in a beautiful red color.Made a weekend trip to Philly from the singular idea of dining at this restaurant. The decision did not disappoint! Located very close to the UPenn campus, our friends took us here mainly for the Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings) and we were satisfied. The interior is very modern, service is quick and reliable, and the food was delicious. Would highly consider stopping by again.It's solid dim sum for Center City West but I would say that the price is much higher than what you would pay anywhere in Chinatown for comparable if not better quality.  However, if yu are at Penn, this is a good option close by.  I would pick the Shanghainese options vs. Cantonese as those are slightly better/more differentiated.
Some highlights:
1. pork soup dumplings: solid but pretty standard
2. scallion pancakes: a bit on the greasy side and the dough is slightly dense but not bad.  the minced beef gave it a nice twist
3. dan dan noodles: same solid version as Jane G's.  
4. turnip cake: pretty standard but the shell was not as crispy as I would have preferred
5. Shanghai shumai: just meh - I am from Shanghai and these were just passable.  But I have high standards for these - FYI.
The ambiance and seating are nicer than Chinatown but they limit the number of menus at each table and I love the instant gratification of a cart (that's just me).  It's okay but only if you live close by and don't want to trek to Chinatown for bigger portions and instant gratification at 50-70% of the price.This is some really great dim sum. Prices are a little higher than you might find in Chinatown, but the atmosphere is nice and service is great. Drinks are also fantastic! Tried a few of the cocktails and each one was better than the last. Food-wise, everything was tasty. We got the beef scallion pancake, extra spicy soup dumplings, shrimp and chive dumplings, turnip cakes, and some sesame balls to-go. The standout was definitely the beef scallion pancake, I would order this every single time. The extra spicy soup dumplings were FIRE, definitely not for everyone, but get them if you like it hot! Like I said, the only flaw is the slightly higher price point, so it wouldn't necessarily be a go-to, but it's a great upscale dim sum option. Don't forget the drinks!Dim sum here is incredible! Solid beer/wine selections & their cocktails are fantastic. Highly recommend the appetizers to share & dim sum w/ soup, but give it a few minutes to cool down!Pretty decent dim sum place if you don't want to go all the way to Chinatown for your soup dumpling fix. It's on the second floor, and I think there is an elevator available. 
Once inside, it's really roomy and there's plenty of seating. There are tables and booths. There's a circular booth that looks big enough for big groups. Decor is also really nice with plants everywhere. There's also a really nice bar and a red pool/billiards table. 
We were placed at one of the booths which had a pretty alright view of the city. The water they gave us tasted unpleasant which was disappointing but not unexpected because it was probably straight tap water (mineral and metal taste). The tea tasted like the typical tea that is served in dimsum places. 
We ordered the soup dumplings ($6.50/6 dumplings) and beef scallion pancakes ($7.25)! Soup dumplings came with vinegar. No dumpling sauce like other reviewers have said. But there is some type of sweet vinegary sauce available (doesn't taste as good as other places tho). 
Soup dumplings were mediocre but the beef scallion pancake tasted amazing. I recommend that over the soup dumplings. It also is definitely more pricey than Chinatown dimsum. Service was good but we were the only ones there at the time (3PM).Awesome addition to University City as dim sum was virtually non-existent in the area. The pork soup dumplings were the real deal, and not too expensive for u-city prices. The only item on the menu we weren't a fan of was the scallion pancakes: very thin and oily. Overall, very very solid food and the prices could be less expensive, but for the quality of the food, the service, and the elegant decor it's very fair.Good casual dim sum.  Love the shrimp xiu mai.  The mushroom and bok choi was also outstanding.  The pad Thai was excellent.  Scallion pancakes were xtra crispy.  The kidney ceviche was surprisingly tasty!Pork Soup Dumplings - 7/10
Shanghai Sticky Rice Siu Mai - 4/10 
Shrimp & Chive Dumplings - 10/10
Hot & Sour Soup - 8/10
Dan Dan Noodles - 8/10I didn't expect much from this dim sum in University City, but was really surprised! The soup dumplings were great, scallion pancake and dan dan noodles were definitely above average, and the cocktails were really good! Can get pretty crowded on weekends, so be prepared to wait a bit.I've never tried buns before and I'm glad I did.  They are so scrumptious, light and fluffy, filled with veggies.  The scallion pancakes were delicious, so fresh,  soft and delicate; you can tell everything is made by hand with fresh ingredients.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  They have a very good bar menu with a good variation of unique beers and they also have a nice cocktail menu. I got a chocolate stout that was very good.  The restaurant is so clean, warm, and comfortable so you can eat in peace.  They even have a pool table if you want to play.  We also ordered the Chinese broccoli which was so fresh, seasoned and cooked perfectly. My friend ordered the beef scallion cake which was stuffed full of beef.  He also got the meat dumplings that looked delish.  I'm going back soon!Went here for lunch with a group of co-workers and was happily surprised to find such a nice restaurant in the University City area. The restaurant is located on the second-floor, tucked behind two huge doors, which gives it a nice secluded feeling. You can tell that the owners put down some serious money on the interior design, with leather seating and detailing on the floors.
The food was good and well-priced, just what we wanted for a group lunch. We were able to share roughly 10 dim sum plates between us for only $70. I ordered the Cantonese pork buns and my colleagues got the soup dumplings, chicken curry dumplings, shrimp shumai, and scallion pancakes. We were all very impressed with the quality of the dim sum, especially since it was some of my colleagues first time trying this cuisine. All of us agreed that we will be back soon.The food was very good and this was my 4th time here in a year. But the service made me wanted to give them a ZERO star. On a Saturday night without reservation, it took them less than 15 minutes and we were very happy with the hostesses. 
Then came the server, he looked like he just woke up 5 minutes ago. He forgot to bring us pretty much half the things that I ordered and water. It was only 6pm and I was wondering if he was already drunk. But then realized he wasn't drunk, he was just stoned. He was eating something every time he was going to the server station. Very unhygienic and unappetizing. 
Food: we ordered the shrimp dumpling and it was excellent. We ordered a second one for my 4 year old because she loved it so much. The other server took the second order and brought it promptly. 
We ordered the spicy shrimp dumpling and my husband loved it, but I thought it took over the nice shrimp taste and it wasn't my cup of tea. 
We always order the scallion pancake and it was crispy, hot and very nice flavor. A must order with kids and adult.
The duck was crispy and the sauce was a sweet sauce that all of us loved and dunked our other stuff in it. Wish the rice was there before we finished the duck. 
Tea was good and he brought us our check without inquiring if we wanted any dessert, so we just went to another place for dessert. 
I will probably come back but definitely running if I get him again. I was looking for the manager but my 4 year old was getting agitated because she couldn't drink water, didn't get her rice or scallion pancake on time.  He never brought her water or the straw. We got a straw from another server after we were almost done eating. She also loves rice which also came so late that she wasn't hungry anymore. On second thought maybe we will find another dim sum place in the city.