I am a long term frequent customer of this establishment. I just went in to order take out (3 apps) and was told they're too busy to do it. Really? The place is maybe half full at best. Does your dick reach your ass? Yes? Go fuck yourself! I'm a frequent customer AND great tipper. Glad that Kanella just opened. NEVER going back to dmitris!Dmitri's is the best Greek food in town. If you're a seafood lover, go for the shrimp pil pil and the octopus. The grilled lamb and chicken entrees are the only non seafood items, but they're fantastic. Make sure to get the hummus - it comes with unlimited warm grilled pita and baguette.
Also - BYOB! And they don't take reservations. Kitchen closes at 10 so make sure to get there by 9:30.If I could give this place 6 stars, I would.  Food is consistent, simple, and good.  People who are complaining about the cramped space and pissy waitresses need to relax- this is what a good BYO in a little homey neighborhood in a big city is like.  If you want room, go to Applebee's and request a booth.  Won't miss ya.
My husband and I always get the same thing- 1/2 and 1/2 (a combo plate with half hummus and half baba), sauteed mussels, smelts, shrimp scampi, and grilled octopus.  If we have room, the rice pudding is great.
FYI- plan in plenty of time to find parking, BYO, and cash only.We love good food and would rather have a fine meal in a mediocre space than a lousy meal in an elegant space.  Alas, our first (and last) experience here gave us a lousy meal in a mediocre setting.
* The space is drab and dreary.
* Tables crammed too close together
* Noise level excessively high - impossible to have a relaxed conversation, have to compete with too-loud talking at too-close tables, flatware and plates rattling on the stone tabletops
* Cheesy, cheap paper napkins at a not-cheap restaurant
* Worn, scuffed, cheap diner-type flatware 
* Bread that came with the hummus was stale, tasteless
* Rice and vegetable accompanied all four entrees - rice tasteless and lukewarm, greens mushy, overcooked, oily and unrecognizable
* Entrees rushed out before we had finished our apps
* For our wine, we were given old, small, worn-out flute-shaped glasses - totally inappropriate 
All in all, an entirely disappointing BYO meal at any cost, but especially so for close to $160 including gratuity for four apps, four entrees, two desserts.Yes, yes, yes, yesss! Dmitri's is a wonderful BYOB with delicious, fresh, flavorful food. The QV space is tiny, but not cramped. You get a great amount for the price and I have never had a bad dish. Only downside is I have experienced a "3" level service on a few occasions, but the food keeps me coming back.Love this BYOB.  Albeit the environment is cramp and loud, so not a good place for an intimate dinner.   However, the food always lures us back.  The grilled, whole fish is wonderful.  My husband is a big fan of the lamb.   It's a good lively night out, with wonderful full flavored food and attentive, friendly service.I've been to dmitris a few times and their food has never disappointed. It is authentic and fish is always fresh. Their food is hands down five stars. I am giving them four stars only because they require you to place your appetizers and main dishes at the same time but do not always allow for adequate time between courses. I don't mind placing orders for both at the same time, but they should definitely plan out the timing a little better. Other than than, dmitris is a great byob in queen village.Dinner was absolutely delicious. Everything is fresh and made in an open kitchen. Had the salmon and it was so tasty! Definitely worth the wait!I've been to Dmitri's twice, and both times I ordered the same entree.   I love squid, and it's always a rare treat when you find a place that serves it grilled instead of deep fried.  I love the concept, but for me the taste of the squid was overpowered by the taste of char from the grill.  When they say grilled, they mean GRILLED.  I used some extra lemon wedges to brighten it up a bit, which definitely helps, but I don't think I'll order that dish again. 
My boyfriend on the other hand, ordered the seafood combination - a tomato/garlic based broth with a ton of seafood.  I had total food envy.   The seafood combination pretty much had it all - shrimp, clams, mussels, tilapia, scallops.. super delicious. Next time, I'm ordering that.
Our appetizer was the shrimp scampi, and it was good, but they lose points for serving shrimp that hadn't been properly cleaned.  If you see that long, thin black "blood vein" in your shrimp, diner be ware.  That's not a vein, and it's not blood.  It's the digestive tract, and therefore I bet you can guess what that actually is.  (Ew)  
In the past I've had the shrimp pil pil, grilled octopus and hummus and those were pretty tasty.  Some of the smaller octopus pieces were overcooked, but overall it had good flavor.  
Will I be back? Yes.  But next time I'll be more "in the know" on what to order and what to skip.As a former patron of the Pine Street Dmitris, I had certain expectations. 
First off, I had no idea that this (and the northern Liberties locations) were BYO. I really wished I knew that ahead of time. It's always nice to have a glass of wine with a nice meal right? I was bummed. 
Secondly- the menu at his location was missing the saganaki (fried cheese) that the other now closed location had.
Perhaps my overall disappointment clouds my review but the only thing that stood out was the shrimp pilpil. Outstanding! Everything else was good. But I didn't leave as satisfied as I did at the other Dmitris. 
We ordered the grilled veggies which were good. 
The meatballs were eh. I had to ask what kind of meat they were and please be aware there is veal in them. I don't eat veal. I am
bummed once again. 
Fried calamari platter: needed salt. What the deuce guys? 
Overall the experience was unimpressive. 
While the ambiance is lovely, the waitstaff is banal, and I wish I had gone there prior to the other location because I would most likely have an entirely different take on the experience. 
I miss my Pine Street Dmitri's location. I hear they're putting in a Tria. Eh. Whatever.Yes, yes, and hell yeah.
Perfect little neighborhood place. Every dish was executed simply and flawlessly. The pics are 100% accurate and representative so if they appeal, then you'll be good here.
Maybe the best way to describe the food at Dmitri's is that everything they make really tastes like what it's supposed to. They don't hide behind sauce or spice. The overall experience is "authentic."
Orange almond cake for dessert was wonderfully unsweet. However I would much rather have had ice cream with it than the supplied whipped cream. (Thankfully the cream also was unsweetened - yea!)
The only significant improvement I can imagine is if they would make their own pita bread (vs store-bought). Though they do char it on the grill before serving - very tasty.
OK the only OTHER improvement I can imagine is if the chef would have personally spooned his piping hot scallops down my gullet, which did not seem in the cards, at least not on my first visit.Dmitri's is our family go to restaurant as we have been coming for the past 15 years. The food has been consistent - always fresh .. we never miss soft shell crab season with them.  The sautéed mussels are like no other - the hummus hands down best I've ever had. We frequent the best restaurants In Philadelphia - this is definitely one of our favorites. The restaurant has servers that have been there for years and that's just icing on the cake. We love Danielle - always a comfort  eating here.   Oh and don't forget the Greek coffee and rice pudding ! The best.I lived in Philadelphia about 10 years ago and loved Dmitris.  It was always a long wait but the food was great and service good.  I was back in town for a 15th year college reunion and decided to reminisce by coming here again on a MONDAY night for a good friend's birthday celebration.  When I arrived at 6:30pm - the restaurant had many empty seats.  We were a party of 5 but only 3 of us arrived early.  We were seated immediately.  The rest of the party came about 20 minutes later.  After 5 minutes - our waitress came over with an irritated "Is the rest of your party coming soon?"  After another 5 minutes - they basically said very rudely "Where are they?"  Meanwhile - there were still MANY empty tables (another table of 5 open) - I looked and there was nobody waiting.    When the rest of the party arrived, the waitress came over immediately to announce the specials of the day before my brother's butt touch his seat!  They're undercurrent was still hostile at best.  The restaurant did not fill up until 30 minutes after our entire party arrived and no more than 2 people were waiting at a time to be seated the entire time we were there.  I felt that the waitresses were rude and acted like it was some kind of sacred privilege to eat at Dmitris.  To add insult to injury - the food was NOT the way I remembered it.  The grilled octopus was dry and did not taste fresh.  The rest of the dishes were okay-good but not spectacular.  I feel that Dmitris is resting on its previous laurels.  I read a few yelp reviews and many complained about the rude waitstaff.  I will not patronized this establishment again and informed my Philly friends and family of the same.  This is America and who wants to pay to eat at a snooty mediocre place?My favorite restaurant - I bring everyone here and it is always a hit.  First, it's a BYOB which I like.  Parking is a bit tricky at times but not impossible.  The Mediterranean plate is quite tasty and large enough for 2-4 people.  It includes hummus, beets, lentils, baba ghanoush and tzatziki  (cucumbers) with pita bread.  Everything on the menu is excellent but my all time favorite, as well as everyone that has been here with me, is the fried flounder.  I am not a big fish eater, and I have no idea why it is so good... but it is amazing.
Oops this is a review for the Northern Liberties location.My suspicion about too-tough octopus being a regular problem has been confirmed...kinda disappointing.Very, very disappointing. I went here this past weekend for dinner and had a VERY mediocre meal. It was actually one of the worst meals I have had in the 6 years I've lived in Philly. Everything was very bland, like not even seasoned with salt and pepper bland. We ordered the grilled octopus appetizer which was very chewy and tasteless. The only dish that had any seasoning to it was the shrimp pil pil appetizer, which was tasty but nothing all that special. The entrees we ordered were all served with rice and escarole. Completely bland and unseasoned rice and escarole. My squid seemed fresh but had no seasoning at all. My dinner companions had similar complaints about the dishes they order (flounder, soft shell crab). Again, the fish seemed fresh but had no flavor or seasoning. I can't even say that the food was under-seasoned, it was just plain not seasoned.We went on more than a few recommendations so we were disappointed when most of our fish was overcooked.  We ordered the octopus, shrimp, and smelts.  It was really unfortunate because the hummus was wonderful and the service was fantastic.  Its so cozy in there and they don't rush you even though there is generally a wait.  It may have been an off night but there are really too many other places to try so we most likely won't go back.Food is off the charts amazing.  Got lucky and got a table for 2 quickly on a Friday night, but generally be prepared for a bit of a wait.  FYI this place is BYOB and only accepts cash or checks.  The food is SO worth it though.  Amazing.Love this place. A go-to favorite of ours. Very intimate so get there early on weekends since they don't take reservations. 
Food is delicious and quite reasonably priced. Love the Greek salad (no greens) and citrus avocado salad to start off. Spinach pie is great. The escarole pasta is a garlic lover's dream. Shrimp PilPil is usually a favorite of people. Grilled veggies, beets, etc all great sides for your meal. 
They always have good fish specials to check out. 
Never get tired of this place and we're never disappointed.THE BEST restaurant in Philadelphia, period! We've been coming here for years & it is & always has been consistently AMAZING! Everything is fresh & made to order. It is always busy, which is great. The service is always friendly, efficient & smooth! Even when it gets crazy busy here, it's always "service with a smile!" Nothing is too much to ask for, more napkins, ice.. whatever! I love the staff, they work very hard! The chefs are also so nice & friendly. It's really cozy & friendly here, they always remember us & greet us with big smiles! I love these gals... and boy oh boy, can they filet a fish or what?!   We LOVE the Shrimp Pil-Pil, of course the Octopus, salads are great....Branzino! Oh, & save room for the RICE PUDDING!  The best I've ever had! THANK YOU D'mitri's!The food here is really good and the menu is accommodating for different wallet sizes, which is always nice.  The only real problem with this place is the size.  It's a tight fit no matter where you're seated, and larger parties (any more than four) will DEFINITELY be cramped.  It's a nice quiet place for a small party, though, and don't forget to BYO!Dmitri's does simple food right.
It blows my mind how delicious they can make seafood taste. This small restaurant is the epitome of a Mediterranean BYO.  
They also give you a ton of food so it's even more affordable than it seems!
A can't miss: the grilled octopusWent there again tonight - and while the decor sure ain't 5 star - the food absolutely is!!!
Shrimp Scampi .
The world's BEST baba.
Simple grilled veggies with chunks of feta.
So cheap (cash only at this location) and so tasty.
Killer waitresses - they attack - beware!Teeny-tiny BYOB, tight quarters for dining indeed (is this the reason behind it not taking reservations?), especially if you're eating at the bar tables by the windows. Teeny-tiny tables with teeny-tiny wine glasses. Had to put bottles of wine practically on the floor because it wouldn't fit on the table. They barely fit our dishes, water glasses and wine by dinner time...
Came in around 7:45 and waited about an hour at New Wave before we got a table...
Small price to pay for good food you say? Meh. The food was good, not outrageous-pump-your-fists-in-the-air good.  Simple flavors and seasonings - I wasn't pumping my fists. I was Meh. 
Had a few of the small dishes.
Shrimp Pil-Pil stood out.  
Had the Ciopinno steam seafood combo. Broth was decent, seafood was good - but shrimp were tasteless and rubbery as was the calamari... Tasted the escarole and rice accompanying the scallop dishes (and the other dishes too, I presume) and it was a resounding bland meh- both needed salt - and god almighty - some Oomph - somewhere - please - although the scallops (both grilled and pan-fried) were pretty tasty. Still... an overall resounding Meh it my book.  
Had dessert, meh once more with the almond cake (other picks were rice pudding and a flan - Yawn!), looked sloppy - tasted alright. Served turkish coffee - in gasp! - coffee mugs.
Service was hurried, but pleasant.  Always refilled the water. They didn't rush us out of there after we were finished and let us drink our bottle of iced wine and gave us new teeny-tiny glasses with which to drink.Delicious and perfect. My friend and I went and brought two bottles of wine. We ordered all food and desserts to share. Service was great. Food was delicious. Space was tight, but that was expected. I wouldn't suggest this place for a large party but for a small intimate meal with friend or family, it's perfect :)Top 3 restaurants in Philly.  Try the Shrimp Pil Pil.  Simply Amazing.  I went to the Northern Liberties location and sat at the bar.  Great experience and looking forward to my next visit.Succulent seafood and fresh vegetables in ample portions. I would eat here every day if I could afford it.  You must try the octopus. Perfect for both an intimate date or a big group, as the menu accommodates adventurous eaters and the simple sort and dishes can be shared or devoured individually.   
Plan in advance or prepare to wait, unless you are an early eater.  No reservations. The queen village location is the smallest, and you may have better luck snagging a spot at the NoLibs location.As good at the other locations, I love Dmitris.  The baba is super smokey and delicious.  The salads are fresh and well dressed.  The fish is excellent.  They know how to do flavor here.  
Portions are large.  The servers at this location are super efficient.  This place is a tight squeeze and gets busy.  Dmitris is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly and I need to eat here more often.
* NOTE: Cash only.My friends and I went on a Monday night at around 7:30pm it was a nice quiet night the service was good. We had the calamari, scallops and salmon. The entrees were good but I thought the sides (rice and cooked lettuce) could have been better or at least have some options. It was a little pricey for what you received. Then we split the creme caramel which was ok it was very plain for a dessert. Overall not a bad place at all but wish there were a few more side options for the price of the dinner.On the weekends this spot is crowded but the wait isnt all that long. Besides if the wait is long just walk across the street to the bar, have a beer, throw some Dawts, or play pool. The waitress/hostess from Dimitri's will walk over to the bar and grab you when your table is ready!  BYOB -  bring the bottles of wine!  Probably white as Dimitri's serves Greek seafood.
I went to Dimitri's for three consecutive weekends. Once on a men's date (me and three other dudes). We ordered nearly every appetizer and a couple entrees and ate family style - thanks to the four bottle of fermented  grapes we cashed everything they brought out.  The octopus and is the best and I usually don't eat octopus.  Calimari is def noteworthy.
After that experience I really enjoyed myself but wasn't sure if it was b/c we feasted like viking beasts or b/c the food was really delish.  So the next weekend i took my GF. We had mussels, the fish of day, and hummus w/ pita. Oh yeah we had a bottle of wine too. When it's BYOB how can you not drink wine with every meal?. Anyhow the food was delish. The ambiance was date worthy; the open kitchen, seductive lighting in small dining area(8 tables) and small bar area (equivalent of 6 tables) gives a intimate yet  comfortable aura. The next weekend my GF and I went on a 2x date, and after a second successful dining occasion Dimitri's is now me and my girl's top three restaurants in Phil-a (we both love Tiffin too for our date nights).The best soft shell crab I have ever had! The sautéd mussels were amazing too! Great service. A bit small, very loud, and cash only.Great food, great service! Overall a great atmosphere and delicious Greek food. Price is great, though bringing your own wine eliminates the alcohol portion of the bill. Win/win really.
You may have difficulty getting a table so get there early. Also, bring cash, no credit cards.Absolutely love to go with a bottle of white (Byob) and get the grilled octopus, every time! The mussels sauté is amazing! The shrimp scampi is out of this world! The pita bread and olive oil are great! Sharing a whole fish with your date is fun as well, I like to get it deboned ! A must go for seafood and Greek food lovers!Consistently great seafood at decent prices.Sorry to say the service was just awful!!!! Really waitresses couldn't be bothered to get extra napkins, change plates in between courses, wipe off a table with water all over, bring take home containers ..So besides being placed at a tiny table for two ( we were three) the noise level being above normal , and terrible service I'd say the food was as good as any other Greek restaurant.Love, Love this place. 
Everything is good. Seriously. The waitstaff is friendly, and, in my opinion, the calamari is the the best in the city.  Try their bluefish - fish lovers won't be disappointed!food was bland, outdated, and expensive.  this is not an innovative restaurant.  octopus was chewy, rubbery, tasteless, and lacked any grilled flavor.  
we had the blue fish which was like a greasy fishy stew.  everything was just pretty awful. 
sad we wasted our money there.  definitely do not recommend to anyone.Hands down the best Greek restaurant in Philly. We love this place. Sea bass, grilled vegetables, olive oil w pita, not too noisy and not over crowded. Best neighborhood spot around!Dmitri's continues to be a certified go to spot for a great bite to eat. The place is small yet cozy, but not as stuffy as some other BYOBs in the area. As per normal, the meal starts with some freshly grilled pita and olive oil. We ordered the avocado citrus salad that was fresh and a good size. Many come to Dmitri's for the seafood, but my default meal is the lamb. It is always top notch. You can't go wrong with any of the standard seafood menu offerings.
In the winter be sure to sit towards the back of the restaurant. The consistent traffic of customers and people inquiring about the wait time through the front door tends to result in gusts of arctic through the front half of the place.Just re-discovered this place after forgetting about it for many years.  Food has been consistently excellent: spinach pie, shrimp pil pil, bluefish, octopus, grilled squid, etc.  Unadulterated classic clean flavors.  Only reason I give 4 and not 5 is that these guys could invest in some infrastructure like cutlery that does not easily bend, glasses that aren't chipped, chairs that don't feel like they will wobble and give way any moment.  All that said, great place to people watch, may be too loud to actually talk to your companions.  Don't worry, the deliciousness will offer enough to amuse you.I've been going to Dmitri's for the past 8 years or so a few times a year.  The food has always been delicious, fresh, and consistent.  The hummus is amazing.  The lamb is worth writing home about.  The beets, the calamari, the whole fish...the list goes on.  Part of the fun of the experience is checking in to wait for a table (very small place) and going across the street to the New Wave Cafe, a great little place in its own right, for a drink or two before dinner. The staff has even remained the same for years, something you rarely see these days - and they are all awesome.  If you're looking for a personal, fun little place for dinner with reasonable prices and a great vibe, check them out.
Quick tip - they are BYOB and cash only, so plan ahead.  The closest ATM is a few blocks away in a market...just like the others said, the wait is long. but boy is it worth it! the seafood is great, the service is a little weird at times but in all in all they were friendly, polite, and they definitely don't rush you out.. that is what i can't stand.
i recommend grilled scallops and fried calamari.  the reason this place gets 4 stars is because the rice tasted microwaved.  i could make better rice at home.  and the sides were overly cooked greens identical for the calamari and scallops.
if you don't want to wait and can afford to buy booze then go to the non-BYO location near rittenhouse.  
peace young ninjas, 
kGreat food, BYOB, but very poor service... always... I go a lot, but they rush you and are rude.  I suspect they think they are being cool but just being aloof and rude.  They tend to close the kitchen 15-30 minutes early if it's slow and push everyone out.  Young servers, always new ones.  Could be 5 stars if they adjusted their attitude in favor of costumer service.  The poo attitude must start at the top.... such a pity....The food is wonderful and fresh. The ambient noise was so LOUD I thought my ears would bleed!!! 
Grilled octopus even pleased a diner who thinks he doesn't like octopus. Grilled whole branzino was delicious but huge enough for 2 so I am glad we shared. This is a BYO so bring a good white wine like Sauvignon Blanc to complement their excellent seafood menu. 
I love the food, but will only go again very late or very early to avoid hearing damage.Went here on a Monday night at 8pm with two friends. They do not take reservations but luckily had a table available. The table was shared with another couple and VERY small. 
To eat we had the tomato and mozzarella salad, hummus, spinach pie, grilled octopus, shrimp pil pil, and seafood combination. Everything was very tasty. 
It is a byob. There was no room on the table for all the food. And the servers were not that friendly. I would go back for the food and hope the server is having a better day!I fell in love with this place when I moved to Philly about 8 years ago and for good reason.  The fish is amazingly fresh and the restaurant is, shall we say, an experience.  It's very small with an open kitchen so you actually feel the heat.  This location is BYO which is always a plus.  The hummus is fantastic and the octopus is one of my favorites anywhere.  If you're not local, parking around the place can be as hard as Chinese arithmetic.  Also, expect to wait for a table most nights as the place is popular, crowded, and tiny.  They'll likely send you across the street to New Wave Cafe to wait for your table.  Don't worry, they won't forget you.As a person that comes from a very similar cuisine background (West Turkey), I love to go to this place! The small plate dishes, the fish, all the seafood... everything reminds me of the good old mediterranean cuisine back at home! Since it is a BYOB restaurant, of course I dont forget to bring my Turkish Raki to accompany it! I even brought my parents from Turkey to this place during their visit and they loved it as for them it was the taste that they were used to at home... :)
For food recommendations, I would not recommend just going for the big entrees not because they aren't good but more because you want to taste more stuff than going for a one big meal. That's the mediterranean spirit! My usual combo is: Half hummus, half babaganoush (yes you can do that if you ask for it), the grilled octopus (a must!) and either one of the shrimp plates (I m a fan of the garlic one), a small portion of the calamari (they make big plates in small  and if you are more people also maybe an entree per 2-3 person to share. This way you can taste much more and still pay a reasonable amount!! :)
P.S.: 4 star is because of the waitresses because they are sometimes super rude and not friendly... but the food makes it worth!This is a fantastic seafood place. The food is simple, fresh, and delicious. You won't be able to mess it up the way they prepare the food. 
I havent had better calamari in this city and I've had a lot of calamari all over this city. The waitstaff is fantastic even when you go late. This place has great decor and ambiance. Perfect for a nice bottle of wine and a hot date.Love this place ! It's byob, first come, first serve, and hard to find parking. However, when all the stars align and you manage to get in and seated, this place knocks it out of the park! Service is fast and friendly. The atmosphere is lively and you can see the cooks doing their magic right behind the bar. 
The food was fresh and overall tasty. They start with bread and the chimichurri type sauce. (I don't know what it is but its parsley, herbs, and oil) it's by far our favorite. We had the tomato mozz salad which was relatively large portioned and delicious. The only disappointing thing was the hummus. The texture was fine, but the flavor was bland. I asked for more of the herb dipping sauce and mixed it in for flavor. 
I had the shrimp scampi which was so good! I rarely eat shrimp and this was delicious. I also ordered the plum pasta but was so full I only ate a bite. I will be enjoying my leftovers today for lunch ! My friend got the escarole pasta, and my boyfriend got the octopus platter. All had rave reviews. 
We left stuffed , reeking of garlic, and fully satiated with promises to be back soon! Eventually I would like to make it to dessert but that hasn't happened yet ! Next time!Short and sweet:  fresh healthy choices combined with good service.  Very small and tight space. I didn't like the idea of seeing the a box of cubed ice floor level near the coat rack.  I had the broiled scallops, it was good.Two words. Grilled. Octopus.
'nuff said. And try to get Sammy as your waiter 'cause he's the best.Dmitri's is another one of those "must go there while home" places I never miss on a trip. The octopus is done perfectly, and the fish selection is always fresh and fabulous. Philly just doesn't get much better than this, friends.I am one of those that have lived in Philly for years and has heard all the rave about Dmitri's and never made the trip into Queen Village (4 blocks from my house!). 
I was not disappointed!  The food was amazing, the service is speedy, and if you are not the waiting around type (there are no reservations allowed), put your name in at the door, head across the street to New Wave, have a beer or two, and they will come get you when your table is available.  I will say if you aren't prepared to wait 40-50 minutes, eat in a relatively loud and boisterous environment, and come out smelling like grilled seafood, this isn't the place for you.  As for me, all these things remind me of meals I used to eat with my family at home on LBI, so I thoroughly enjoy this atmosphere.
Our group of four started our meal out with 3 appetizers, the tomato and Mozzarella Salad, Hummus, and Olive and Feta plate.  All were large portions and I wish we had only ordered 2 between us, as it was a little too much food.  Every one was amazing - the best was the Hummus, with the Caresse Salad in a close second. If I could pick one to pass on it would have been the Feta and Olives.
For my main course, I had the Seafood Linguine,  the seafood was plentiful, large, fresh shrimp with the tails already cleaned off, clams, muscles, and a white buttery broth.  My only comment about this dish was I wish they would ease up on the broth, it overcooked the pasta by the time I was halfway through the dish.
My husband got the grilled salmon, which came plated with rice and steamed escarole.  It was perfectly cooked and seasoned, one of the best pieces of salmon I have tasted while dining out in Philadelphia.
Our friends ordered the grilled scallops and they couldn't have been more perfectly cooked and seasoned as well.  Most of these dishes come plated with a hefty portion of rice and escarole.Yup, the food is as good as everyone says.  Love the flat bread and bright green olive oil, love the whole fish specials, love the sauteed mussels, love the hummus, love the desserts.  Things I'm not crazy about - the wait (we live nearby and will only go if we can get there by 6 on a weekday), the cramped quarters, the rushed feel you get from the servers occasionally.
Hint - if you forget to BYOB, you can pick up something 'to go' at the New Wave across the street.Excellent. The food (I had shrimp saute) and the service were great. A little short on space, but well worth it.God I love their grilled octopus appetizer.  Just thinking about it now is making me salivate.  It is cooked in a little bit of lemon and olive oil-- pure, delectable simplicity.  Which could be Dmitri's motto if they had one.  Their style of Greek cooking is basic--there are no fancy twists on things, but when you have something that is this good to begin with, why change it?  The Dmitri's on 3d Street is a BYOB and there is always a wait to get in.  In partnership with New Wave,  which is the bar directly across the street, they've come up with a great method of dealing with this potential problem: Dmitri's patrons can sit at the bar at New Wave, have a cocktail and wait for the server to come and get them when their table is ready.
For entrees, try the bluefish or in fact any whole fish they have on the menu.  It comes with a rice dish and collard greens.  Absolute yumminess!I will admit that Dmitri's is very good, but I don't get the cult-like following this place seems to have. The fish preparations are very basic, which allows the full flavor of the fish to shine through. You're not going to get a macadamia nut encrusted trout or anything exotic. Just plain broiled or grilled fish.  All the entrees come served with escarole and rice.
I really don't have much to say about this place. It's a nice BYO, but it's boring. The menu isn't that exciting, but if you're in the mood for just a piece of fish, then I would suggest this place.Food is good.  This has been our neighborhood restaurant for almost 20 years.  Unfortunately we will not return.  The service is rude, indifferent, and unprofessional.  There are plenty of other places to go.  
We were a party of three and seated at a 24' two top.  When asked to be seated at a four top instead we were abruptly told no and that four tops were reserved for larger parties.  In almost 20 years we never had to cram ourselves in a two top when we were three guests. 
One in our party left disturbed by the attitude.   Two of us stayed, and during the hour of our meal there remained four open four tops. 
Sorry to manager Ann.  You lost not only one cover tonight, but three local regulars.   
Have a nice day.I've been a fan of the Fitler Square location for a while, and finally got around to trying this one.  Loved it.  The food was the same, I'd say, but I think the atmosphere at this location beats the other.  Plus, it's BYO, which helps make the delicious, inexpensive food even more of a bargain.  I also love that they send you across the street to another restaurant's bar if there's a wait for a table.  Then they actually come to the other restaurant to tell you your table is ready.  Very casual, which suits the mediterranean style.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. As for Mediterranean I am torn between Dimitri's and Kanella.  
I've been to both Dimitri locations and really like both a lot, maybe too much. I've enjoyed everything I've ever had there which is probably more than half the menu at this point. My biggest dilemma is that I always want to go back to my comfortable favorites of grilled shrimp, mussels or shrimp pil pil but also want to try something new which leads me to always having leftovers. 
My bf and I came here on memorial weekend which was great and hardly a wait since half the city was missing. Memorial and labor day weekends are a great time to dine here since the wait will be much less.
The shrimp pil pil is spicy with a great texture, slightly crispy.
Recently we also tried the seafood Fettuccini and lamb entree dish. Both dishes were delicious and big.
And the hummus is a must. 
I've also find the service to always be good.
Only downside is cash only and the place is pretty small.I'm going to go out on a limb and say that this is my favorite restaurant in Philly. I don't usually like to limit myself to only one favorite (when it comes to anything), but there's just something so magically right about the cozy space, open kitchen, and WONDERFUL food here. Every time I've come here, we've ordered the hummus, grilled octopus, and snap peas (usually snap peas are nothing to rave about but the ones here are crisp, tender and come with the most delicious tomato sauce and feta combination). Coming here is kind of an event and it might take multiple hours (but hey, it's the mediterranean way) so put your name down, get a drink across the street at New Wave and wait until they come and get you. Then once you're sitting down, you can pop open your preferred BYOB wine and order a buttload of the most delicious amazing fantastic food to share (it's the best way to do it). Then hours later, you'll realize you're in a food coma and you might need to undue the top button, but it's okay, because everyone around you will be so content and happy they won't care.The food here was amazing.  I had the:
1.  Fried calamari
2.  Tomato and Mozzarella Salad
3.  Seafood Combo (more like seafood soup).
Everything was prepared just to the point of deliciousness, nothing too fancy or over-thought.  The smells coming the kitchen could almost be an appetizer on their own.
The only fault I have with the restaurant has to do with space.  We went with a party of 8 and were crammed into 2 tiny tables (I think because they were simply trying everything they could to get us in- which is great!).  So, it is probably more suited for small, intimate groups.Something's amiss here!  these people are clearly reviewing Dmitri's at 3rd and Cathrine while this page clearly says Dimitri's at 225 S 12th St, which I've never heard of.
Yo people, WTF?You broke my heart, Dmitri's. I was a loyal and frequent lover who made no demands. In return, you always gave me a satisfying experience: consistently delicious, fresh and simply-prepared dishes. 
Perhaps you fell victim to your own success and spread yourself too thin. Maybe you got a new sugar daddy. Or it could be that you just got bored looking at the same four walls day after day, year after year. I understand. But clearly your love for me has faded. Your octopus, once plump and perfectly grilled, with the texture of lean, tender beef, now is limp, chewy and cold. Your fish, when available, is prepared with none of the care or love of years past. And your once-famous generosity, too, is nowhere to be found, your classic plain white plates dwarfing your once-ample portions.
Saddest of all is your coterie. Oh, how your ladies-in-keeping-us-waiting have changed. Once energetic and full of the charm of knowing they were slinging the best hash around, the new breed seem sullen and annoyed, more interested in the intrigue of their court than the satiety of their courtiers.
Alas, nothing lasts forever, nothing gold can stay. 'Tis better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all.So we came here for a Sunday night dinner to enjoy good Mediterranean food + wine.
Had Grilled Octopus and Shrimp Pil Pil. I really liked them both. It was first time trying Pil Pil and I am glad I chose it over the scampi. (it has a little spicy kick)
For entrees, we had Seafood linguini, Grilled scallops, Steamed seafood platter and Grilled chicken kabab platter. All pretty good. The scallops were my favorite and then the steamed seafood platter since it had everything in the delicious broth. We asked for bread at least 3 times. Lol
We were seated right away probably since it was a Sunday night (around 7pm) and the service was great. Food came out pretty fast and of course we enjoyed BYOB.
Strongly recommended! The price isn't that bad either. ;)Love this place! Simple yet delicious dishes never disappoint.  We crave almost everything on the menu that we end up always ordering way too much food.  Makes for great leftovers the next day.I've tried to eat at this restaurant twice before but each time the servers would accommodate older people who would arrive after me, so both those times I just left and ate elsewhere.  Well, considering my boyfriend and I live around the corner from Dmitri's, and it is frequently a busy restaurant so we assumed it must be good, we gave it a third shot.  It was a rainy Thursday evening so we were promptly taken to be seated elbow to elbow with another table of two.  Considering there were other tables available, I requested a different table in which I waitress politely said she'd prepare.  When we were seated we received our water, had our bottle o' red uncorked and unpoured into small rimmed glasses that only allow you to take the smallest sips(I feel sorry for those with BIG noses!) and were verbally given the specials.  My boyfriend is hearing impaired, so he did need them to repeated, and considering it's such a loud atmosphere, they should offer the specials on paper.  Soon after we were brought some warm, grilled pita bread, which would have been tasty if it wasn't burnt on the grill, accompanied with a low quality olive oil, red wine vinegar and some herb which did nothing for the tasteless dip.  There was also some bread in the basket so I asked if they had butter, and they said they had no butter.  Okay, fine.  We ordered our appetizers, shrimp scampi and steamed mussels.  The shrimp was very fresh, yet the dish very salty.  The mussels were served in a SOUP of bland garlic broth, topped with giant slices of tomato, spinach, green pepper and onion.  Interesting to say the least.  I thought maybe music could tone down the loud atmosphere, and when I requested some be put on, I was told there was music on but the noise inside exceeded it.  There wasn't any on though because we were seated below a speaker, and would have heard atleast a faint sound at any more silent moments.  Finally we get our entrees, Fried Flounder and a Mediterranean whole white fish, which came filleted as a requested, both served with sauteed spinach and yellow rice.  The flounder was very fresh, but like our other dishes, bland.  However, my white fish was incredible.  A very rich, savory, melt-in-your-mouth goodness.  My white fish aside, the service, portions, food, prices were just good.  It's too loud, small, and nothing on the wall that is appeasing to eye.
I think next time I want some fresh fish at a BYO, I'll head a few blocks down and try to get a table at Little Fish.  Mmmmm.The food is fresh and delicious, I highly recommend the shrimp pil pil!! The hummus, grilled scallops and broiled tilapia are also amazing! I also love that it is a BYOB!!I go there all the time and it never disappoints.
I'd suggest going either a little on the early side or a bit later, so like 5:30 or 9. If you have a big group, this location is not the best..so take it to their No Libs location.
Usually, there is a bit of a wait, so we put in our name then took a nice stroll to get some wine and beer. By the time we made it back 17 mins later our table was patiently waiting for us.
Hummus is a must have, the pita is always so warm and fluffy. usually get the grilled octopus too, pretttyy pretty prety good. 
Other apps that cannot be missed are the meatballs...they are SooO good. 
And last night we tried the shrimp pil pil cause all these yelpers were raving about it so we went for it. it lived up to the hype.
We split the seafood combo. It wasn't bad at all. It was a nice steamed medley of everything in the sea. Probs won't get it again, and go back to my go to of the salmon.
*HOT TIP:!*&%*
Hummus, octopus, and meatballs are perfect for takout on the weekdays
,
S & PAnother great night at Dmitri's 
Shrimp Scampi - I love that slightly burnt garlicy taste and the huge Greek Salad w/ greens was so fresh and delish. So good.This little hole in the wall is the best. No liquor license but you can sit across the street at the local bar and have the hostess come over when your table is ready, What a treat. Do not miss the grilled octopus it's the best I ever had and I've had it just about everywhere. Fabulous grilled whole fish, the Pompano happens to be my favorite. And the Greek salad is wonderful also. If you love fish, the bluefish, Greek style will fit your bill. Be patient...because the wait is worth it. Enjoy!!!If you are into food and cooking, sit at the counter near the grill. (It is hot but the A/C is adequate). The whole grilled sea bass was the best I've had in years. The grilled octopus, scallops and tomato basil salad were excellent. Every dish that came by made us wish we had ordered it. At $68 for two people without drinks, it is not cheap but well worth it. I plan to return with my teenagers who are now fascinated with cooking. Otherwise it is not a place for kids.Have you ever heard the acronym K.I.S.S.?  It stands for Keep It Simple, Stupid, and I suspect this is the driving mission behind the original Dmitri's in Queen Village.
BYO and cash-only, Dmitri's gives you only straight, pure flavors in elemental preparations. Complimentary pita is charred on the grill, the scorchy lines bringing out the comfortingly homey bread's aroma and fluffy bite.  A generous portion of chopped octopus tentacles swims in lemon and olive oil, tenderized by double cooking.  A new menu item, spinach pie, was delivered to the table piping hot, steam escaping from its flaky onion, spinach and feta-lavished layers. 
If you need fancy preparations and upscale atmosphere, this is not the place for you.  If you love a great deal on tasty, healthy food and enjoy pairing your own wine or beer to save mad ducats, take a date here and exploit the footsie potential of your cozy nook.Another amazing BYOB spot in Philly. Le sigh.
We ordered a few plates and shared for an hour long frenzy of lip-smacking, pita-dipping, appreciative-groaning good times.
The Grilled Octopus- VERY generous portion for $12. Whatever it was marinated in was so so tasty. The meat may have been slightly overcooked as it was a bit chewy, but my dear Dmitri's veteran friend assured us that it is usually more succulent. Still delicious.
The Shrimp Scampi- Ahhhh! Scary good. This was my favorite of everything we sampled. After the shrimp was gone, the extra oil/sauce was quickly obliterated by pita bread.
The Fried Scallops- HUGE scallops! So silky, juicy, lightly fried. Just delicious.
Chicken Kabob- Yummy yummy, juicy chunks of chicken that I unceremoniously slathered in tzatziki. Mmm, so much dill.
The service was great as well. Our waitress was friendly and prompt. She immediately corked our wine and asked if we'd like our bottle of white to be kept in the fridge. By the time we finished it was almost closing time, so she sent us away with a few loaves of bread. Ace!
*Cash only!Was really impressed by Dmitri's.  Sometimes simple is best.  Dmitri's does simple very well.  Dmitri's does seafood well.
A good amount of the reviews talked about the Grilled Octopus ($12) here and those folks did not lie.  That is an amazing dish.  Along with that we got a plate of Hummus and Baba Ganoush ($7.50), the Citrus Salad ($8.50), Mussels Saute ($12) and Seafood Fettuccine ($15).  This is definitely a good place to order a bunch of dishes and share.  That is exactly what this group of 3 did.
The salad came out first.  Needed more avocado, but the slices of orange and grapefruit were a nice touch. Next up the hummus and baba ganoush with bread and pita triangles.  The baba ganoush was especially good.  Might be the best I have had in a long time.
From there we went more into the entree section of our meal.  The octopus and mussels come from the "Little Dishes" section of their menu.  Not large, but not small by any means.  The mussels were a bit on the dry side, but that didn't seem to take away from the dish much.  The dark horse here (not really a dark horse as a few of the reviews I read highlighted this dish) was the grilled octopus.  I could eat this dish forever and ever and ever.  It is that good.  I couldn't even tell you what kind of sauce this was.  It was very light.  Possibly just some white wine and lemon and some garlic.  Nothing crazy.  Doesn't take away from the taste of what you are actually eating.  Sometimes places go crazy with their sauces and you lose all the flavor of what you are eating.  Not here.
For the main main course we had the Seafood Fettuccine.  Fettuccine in a garlic and white wine broth (I think) with mussels, clams and shrimp.  Again, very simple but oh so good.
Dmitri's seems to be a local Philadelphia chain.  There are 2 others scattered around town.  That certainly shouldn't dissuade you from coming here.  If you sit at the bar area you can watch them make the seafood right in front of you.  The action is right in front of you and the smells are just amazing.  Seems like they've been doing this for years.  Seems like they will be doing it for quite a few more.My seafood fettucini was excellent. The escarole and rice sides were bland--and this is coming from an Italian girl who loves escarole. I think my expectations were just really high because I've only heard amazing things about this place. I would be willing to give them another try, especially considering they're super close to me and a BYOB.TLDR: wouldn't recommend take out or the kabobs, not a great experience with either.
I decided to try this place as take out after seeing that it fills up quick to dine-in. Just wanted something easy and requested the Greek salad with greens and grilled chicken. She told me they can't add grilled chicken to the salad (weird, but ok?) but she'd put on a side of kabobs.
I showed up and found out my side of kabobs was $14 ($4 less than the platter, so I'm assuming they deducted for not including the sides?). I was surprised... I expected a side to be smaller and definitely less expensive.
The kabobs weren't great (Not worth the $14+tax) but the salad was good.
Ultimately I was most put off by the fact that my take out was not rung up anywhere but just told to another server who then pulled out a wad of cash and gave me incorrect change. I realized after having been home for an hour or so, she must've too, because when I called back she knew who I was and told me she'd be happy to give me my remaining change. She also apologized that I was confused about the way overpriced side of kabobs. It was nice that they fixed the mistake and gave me my correct change but overall that was enough of an unpleasant experience that I won't be back.My favorite BYOB in Philly! I must have eaten here 20 times now. It's unpretentious and just perfect. I hope they never change a thing. 
Favorites: grilled octopus, pil pil shrimp, soft shell crab, grilled whole fish, bluefish with pasta, almond cake, and really anything else on the menu.Update:  Mediterranean plate and fried flounder are still amazing !  One of my favorite spots.The 4 star rating is soley based on the food. We ordered the shrimp pil pil and grilled octopus appetizers, then split the whole grilled sea bass. The shrimp pil pil is a dish of shrimp lightly dusted in flour then cooked in a cherry pepper and garlic paste. In general, I find it blasphemy to coat seafood and fry it, but this shrimp was an exception. It has a nice crispy crunch on the outside, perfectly cooked on the inside and smothered in a delicious, flavorful paste. This is not a dish for those who do not like garlic.
The grilled octopus was exactly what you would imagine. Fresh octopus grilled and served in a lemony light sauce. Sauce might be stretching it, as it was more of a clear broth. Anyway, it was pretty good but I still preferred the shrimp pil pil. (Note: I recently had the octopus dish at LIttle FIsh so with such an outstanding dish in recent memory, it is not surprising that Dmitri's octopus would pale in comparison.)
For the entree, we had the grilled sea bass. I love whole fish. The fish was cooked perfectly and presented beautifully. The rice and escarole sides were unmemorable, just as other reviewers commented.
Finally, the pita bread they served was delicious. I loved the taste of the smoky grill on the bread, although I have to admit the interior tasted almost gummy like it was just a minute or 2 undercooked (underbaked?). The "baguette" should not even be served at all. It tasted like mediocre italiam bread in the shape of a baguette.
Even though my review and rating was supposed to be solely based on the food, I feel I should comment on the atmosphere. My recommendation is to avoid this place on a busy night. You are crowded into tables so it feels like communal seating and it is so loud you can barely have a decent conversation without yelling. Despite the less than ideal atmosphere, the food is still worth it.Had dinner at Dmitri's on a recommendation from a guy i met at a networking event - I hope to run into him again to thank him! 
We ordered a little bit of everything on our first trip including the tzatziki, grilled octopus, spinach pie, Greek salad, chicken kabob and meatballs. Wow, that was a lot of food for two people and we were very happy to take the leftovers home! 
Everything was superior and the octopus is what's going to keep me coming back - perfectly cooked large portion of grilled greatness!   
The waitstaff is professional, courteous and knowledgeable of the menu. The restaurant is small, intimate and lively. 
This is one of those neighborhood gems that will be a favorite for years to come!Reasonably priced and tasty. Love the share-ability of the dishes, so order lots and share!  One downside of this location vs the NoLibs location is this is not a byob, but that is fine and they have a decent beer menu.WHERE'S THE RICE??
I love eating here, but I went last night and noticed a big difference in the menu... no rice! (At least at the one on Pine st.) They have sadly replaced the rice option with potatoes, and the potatoes were just really boring. Another issue last night was the new amount of Raw garlic in the greens. 
Okay...I admit, the rice of the past was not all that flavorful, but it went very well with the broth from the main dishes. I love Dmitri's, but it was nice to have a rice option as a side. Potatoes not so much.
Still , this place will always be somewhere in my restaurant rotation. They have the best seafood and the prices are right! (Try the soft shell crab if you haven't yet.)Seriously disappointed and I agree with other reviews- octopus was gross even though waitress said it was amazing( I should have trusted my gut and listened to the reviews) Mediterranean plate was good- seafood combo was a B/B-. Not authentic Greek- more Mediterranean/ seafood. The restaraunt should read these reviews and make some changes!!Fantastic.  Another successful stop on Philly's culinary circuit of delights.  Dmitri's occupies a corner right across from Fitler Square, which is beautiful night and day.  Like Roberto's, it is beautifully decorated inside, with a cozy, lively feel lent by the relatively close-set tables.  Not too noisy, though.
I thought the menu was great; several seafood options as entrées with many traditional Greek dishes as appetizers.  We had a $15 appetizer sampler plate that included hummus, baba ghanoush, a beet concoction, cucumbers with yogurt, and some others, which was a lot for three people.  I had the sauteed scallop entrée, which was plentiful and delicious, accompanied by lightly cooked greens and flavorful rice.
We shared a bottle of wine, and the service was fine.  There is also a bar with casual seating behind it.  The kitchen is open and faces the main restaurant.My rating has all to do with service. The food is sooooo good all the time. The food was as good as ever last night!
To the heavyset male bartender, my comment is that you'd be done if you worked for me.
This post is based on 30 years in the restaurant business in the Philly area and count Dmitri's as a go to.
I don't look at checks by detail. I pay them.
To chase me down the road and accuse me of not paying my "Full" bill is insane. I paid the full bill! Tipped pretty well on top. I never look at the detail. I look at the total. I get comp'd drinks all the time so I just pay my bill. To then tell me I owe you an extra $19.00 is insane. I gave you $20.00 right on Pine Street after you chased us and was soooo embarsed in front of M. 
As we were getting the car from the parking garage.....That is how much we're willing to go here....I start thinking.......$19.00 is too much and I'm pissed and walk back. 
Upon arrival back you were still talking movies, and I ask for a detailed receipt. This is when you put in for a round of drinks. And wouldn't you know the total was $16.00 and not $19.00. Surcharge? Why weren't the drinks on the bill? There was cash on the bar. 20% wasn't enough for poor service and no knowledge of the menu?
Would that money I gave you on the street would have made it to the register if I hadn't come back and asked for a receipt?
Man you'll never work for me!
The food is always great. Just watch if the Big Man is behind the bar!Overall, the food was fresh and decent tasting. I really liked the grilled octopus, and the Mediterranean dip plate was generous and pretty good. Some of the dips were better than others: the hummus was good, but I've had much better tzatziki and baba ghanoush. We weren't sure what "tamara salada" and "skordalia" were; one was purple, bland, and completely unidentifiable while the other was orange, salty and contained roe. According to Google, the roe dip is called taramosalata, so I guess they switched up some consonants. Also according to Google, skordalia is a garlic and potato dip which doesn't at all fit the description of the mystery dip we were given. Why was it purple? The world may never know. But I digress. 
We also shared the steamed seafood combo platter, which came in an unexpected tomato stew. It was actually pretty bland, and I would have preferred a garlic/butter/white wine-type sauce rather than the tomato stew. The rice it came with was kind of like bad Mexican rice, and the sauteed escarole (lettuce?) was bland as well. The entree was fine I suppose, but it wasn't spectacular and I wouldn't order it again. 
The service also wasn't the greatest. When the entree came out they didn't bother clearing the empty dishes to make room on our overcrowded table, so we ended up piling them up on the table next to us. After we had finished eating, we waited about 20 minutes for our waitress to come by again. 
I'd be willing to give Dmitri's another chance because the portions are fairly large and it's not super expensive, but it didn't blow me away.I have lived in the neighborhood for ten years and Dmitri's has been my go-to place for just about any occasion that involves me choosing a dinner destination.  I will never tire of their Greek salad and various veggie options.  
The bar is relaxing and you are served as quickly or as slowly as you'd like.  The portions are huge so my dachshund rests assured that I will be returning home with plenty of leftover feta for him.  I eat dinner there onaverage once a week and that's not nearly frequently enough.I heart Dimitris, Greek cuisine that satisfies. Love the simple pleasure of fresh hot pita with hummus. To be honest, everything here is quite delectable. Nice view of Filter Square park while you fine. Also, an open kitchen where you can watch the chef work his magic makes for an entertaining dining experience. Reservations highly recommended, as the neighborhood love for this spot makes it a popular choice!For some reason I did not go to Dmitri's for a long time, and don't know why...just fell off my radar. I decided to go back because I remember that I enjoyed it, and I have to say, I really did enjoy it again...even more than I remembered.  The decor is simple, warm, and inviting.  The waitress was enthusiastic, knowledgeable, and helpful.  And the food was fresh and everything that I hoped for.  
First, we started with the baba and the hummus.  The waitress suggested that we do a plate with half baba and half hummus.  We were very happy that we did the half and half, otherwise it would have been way too much food.  The hummus was smooth and creamy, but wasn't too heavy like hummus can be sometimes.  The baba had a wonderful texture that was a great contrast to the hummus.  And freshly grilled pita is always a plus.  We also got the sizzling cheese, which had a great crust, but was gooey on the inside.  The salmon entree was grilled perfectly and was a nice size portion.  The special flounder was covered in breadcrumbs and pan fried, and the order came with two fillets.  Finally, the baklava was a great finish to the meal, crispy with the phyllo dough but had that great sticky honey too.  
I can't wait to go back to Dmitri's, and I will not wait as long this time to make it back again.As far as Greek food goes, the food is not as good as Effies, but it is still pretty good. 
They also have a really cute bar, and a nice atmosphere. 
The seafood is cooked well and they have a platter with hummus, baba ganoush, tzatziki and pita that I enjoyed as an appetizer.  Their spinach pie is not bad, and they have some good salads.Neighborhood gem, great seafood. We had the calamari appetizer, Pil Pil shrimp, and the mussels. We will go back!My husband and I are regulars at this no frills neighborhood greek restaurant w/reliable food.  Lately, the service has been horrible.  On a recent Saturday night our server was completely clueless, screwed up our order and kept us waiting for food that she did not put into the kitchen.  The manager, a nice guy, recognized we were regulars and apologized.  Recently, our server told us that he could not cancel our order.  My husband was full and could not eat the entree.  The server argued w/us and would not take the entree off the menu.  After we told him we were not going to pay, he conceded. This place has decent food, but really needs to work on training it's servers.Delicious!
Expect a wait on weekends.  Sit at the bar and you're wait will be a bit shorter.  It's a small place, so it can get a bit cramped on busy nights.  Good for couples but not for a group (unless you enjoy shouting and squishing.)
Dmitri's does seafood right.  Prices are moderate and the food is excellent.  
The Greek salad was delicious and quite big.  So was the pasta entree that I ordered.  I didn't expect the portions to be so large, so I ended up with lunch for two the next day!I have been a fan of the 3rd & Catherine location for many years. I went to this location by Rittenhouse last night. This was some of the WORST service I have ever had at a restaurant. While the food was up to par, and excellent, the waitress was horrible. Drinks arrived 20 minutes after the meal was delivered. When we inquired about getting pita, the response was 'It will come automatically...." What kind of a response is that? It was close to impossible to get our servers attention, and when we did, the response "I CANNOT HELP YOU RIGHT NOW! I WILL BE BACK!". Never, in all my years living in the city have I encountered such bad service. Their location at 3rd & Catherine runs like a well-oiled machine. This one, not so much. I will never return. NEVER.I dined there tonight for the first time.   Very disappointed.
Entree selections for served on plates that would be small size even for appetizer portion.   No room to cut up the food or put any other portions of food from our shared appetizers.   Appetizer combo plate served on a larger platter - but not even a serving spoon to portion the food out.   Unbelievable   Whoever is running the kitchen and preparing the food is apparently mindless.
I would not return.I came here for an early dinner with my boyfriend on Saturday. I was initially apprehensive to come to Dmitris because of the bad reviews regarding service, but I'm glad we went! We were seated promptly and our waitress was friendly. We split the appetizer combo plate (hummus, tzatziki, beets, lentils, babagoanoush), which was really tasty. Everything was fresh and the grilled pita bread was perfect: soft, chewy, and grilled just right - not tasteless and dry like some other pita bread can be. We also ordered the shrimp scampi and grilled lamb, although just one of those dishes would have been fine given how filling the combo plate was. I would definitely come back, although maybe not at 5:30 on a Saturday when the place is filled with tired parents and loud young children.Ambience: Love the outdoor sitting during warm summer months. It's a great, open restaurant with a fun vibe. Clearly a but restaurant but we hardly had to wait for a table on a Friday evening 
The order: 
Hummus: I am not sure if this is the best hummus I have had, but it had a nice balance of flavors. 
Grilled veggies: this is a must order on my book. 
Beets: standard, but yummy 
Grilled Octopus: tender and flavorful. Chopped up for the tentacle-phobes. Win. 
Shrimp Pil Pil: spicy sauce over lightly battered and fried shrimp. Another win. 
Mussels (in tomato sauce): loved the spicy broth. I was too busy with the broth ... So don't remember what the mussels tasted like 
Spinach Pie: luxurious, yummy spinach pie. I probably wouldn't want to eat the whole thing by myself, but wouldn't mind splitting this with others!I've been here twice already and both times were interesting experiences to say the least. The food is always good. My friend and I got the mediterrean platter with pita. They gave us a TON of pita and we basically got full from that initially. It came with very generous amounts of hummus, cucumbers with tzasiki sauce and other items. The hummus was delicious but it definitely wasn't the best I had. The highlight of the meal must have been the grilled octopus and squid. Both kinds of seafood have a tendency to disappoint when they are not cooked well (meaning they can be very very chewy and gritty) but both were cooked very well here! The seafood was not crazy chewy and it was quite tender with a bit of a char that made the seafood shine! You can taste the natural flavors of the seafood and it was quite wonderful. However, both times that I have gone, my friend or I have been courted which is amusing but a little bit uncomfortable. On that note, I will come back again for the food but the loss of a star is from the courting.The food is outstanding! I fell hard for Dmitris years ago. You must try the shrimp pill pill, which is a spicy shrimp, and the rosemary roasted potatoes. Those are my favorites! They also make a mean Greek salad. However, the service can be slow and disinterested. Yet, the manager is very nice to us every time we go in.MMmmm! If you're a seafood lover, then this is the place to be~! The lighting is very warm and welcoming. There's a bar, and an open kitchen where you can see the roaring fire and smell the grilling of fresh seafood.  Service is terse- but not rude.  This place gets pretty packed, which isn't so hard to figure out why- the chatter adds on to the ambiance. Portions are pretty big, so order accordingly.  I went with only one other person so we ordered few things from the small dishes- which I recommend (view photos).
1. Shrimp Scampi
2. Hummus (This was really creamy & delicious!) 
    :D ++Also, if you get the hummus, they refill your pita!
3. Grapefruit Avocado Salad with Peanuts (Mmm!)
4. Grilled Octopus (A MUST!)Went with a friend recently. A+
Staff was polite and attentive.  We ordered three plates and they all rocked.  Fried calamari was fried lightly and had a great olive oil/salt/pepper seasoning.  The avocado and citrus fruit salad was additively good -- the fruit had a light pepper covering on it that brought out a lot of flavor. We also had an appetizer combo plate (hummus, tzatziki, beets, etc).
We had a great dinner. I'd love to go backI've been to Dmitri's a handful of times (probably Octoberish, 2009, most recently).  In general, I feel like the food is fairly simple and basic, but very well done, fresh, and flavorful.  Portions are fairly generous, and prices are very reasonable.  The restaurant can be a bit loud, especially if you're closer to the kitchen.  The restaurant is a tad bit cramped, but not too much.  Service was maybe slightly slow, but hardly enough to bear mentioning.  (I mention it because I'm trying to be thorough.)
I've either ordered or sampled other people's order of the Greek with greens salad, whole grilled fish, grilled octopus, grilled calamari, grilled scallops, lamb, spinach pie, and mixed appetizer platter.  I enjoyed the grilled lamb, and the grilled seafood has always tasted fresh, with clean, distinct flavors.  The octopus was nicely charred and a bit smoky, but  was actually a bit less chewy than I'd like.  I know there's a danger with squid/octopus that it can be too rubbery, but the grilled octopus was a bit boring, texturally.  The squid was better.  The Greek with greens is large, a meal in itself.  The feta in it is decent, but I think even the cheaper feta from Trader Joe's seemed a little more fresh and moist.  The spinach pie was serviceable, but not memorable.  I wouldn't object to sharing it if someone else wanted to order it, but I wouldn't push for it myself.  Lastly, the mixed appetizer platter was tasty, but a lot of the items on it were texturally similar and had similar flavor profiles.  The baba ghanouj tasted a bit too much like the hummus and not enough like eggplant.  Still, everything on it does taste good (if indistinct), and it's enormous.
They bring out complimentary grilled pita, which is pretty good, and I enjoy the sides of escarole and rice that come with dinner platters.  Both are well-cooked and flavorful.This is my new favorite place. The food is always amazing. Be sure to get the calamari. I wasn't in the mood for it the first time I came here, assuming that it would be the standard super greasy and super heavily breaded calamari that you normally get. Instead, little pillows of heaven (yes, I'm pulling out the dramatics on this one) came to the table. My boyfriend dies for their seafood pasta dish (I think it's just good). And I always alternate a fresh fish entree whenever I go. They are always cooked perfectly and come with plenty of lemons. I know there is another Dimitri's across town which is byob but this one is in my neighborhood so I will probably never get to the other. 
The only downside is the service. Well, one waitress in particular. I went here on my birthday and she forgot us four separate times. The bartender took pity on us though as she saw what was happening and made sure we got water and utensils and our food. Eventually I think the other waitresses noticed our waitress was, what appeared to be, drunk and so they relieved her and got us our check an took over her other tables. Just a heads up. 
But like I said, new favorite place just don't expect the best service every time.I still love this place, but for the love of efficiency, can the staff please start showing a glimpse of urgency?Dmitri's is a place you could definitely make into a regular dinner spot, although its not in my neighborhood so I don't go their enough. Its pretty casual and,after my last visit (maybe 1-2 tables sans younglings) it seems very family-friendly. The atmosphere kind of reminded me of when my mom used to take me to the restaurant section of our local pizzeria, with somewhat of a step up. Perfect for a casual date. 
To start with- the service leaves a bit to be desired. It seemed like everyone was running around doing every job. I couldn't tell if we were being seated by a host, bartender, waiter, or food-runner. Then it took way too long for him to bring us a bottle of wine. 
We decided to "start with" appetizers and then order an entree afterwards if we were in the mood. The appetizers ended up filling us to the brim so that was the end of that. We ordered the grilled octopus which is perfectly done- not too chewy, not too slimy- and served in a simple lemon and olive oil dressing. The serving was very generous for the price as well! The second thing we got was the Mediterranean platter. Now, I'm a sucker for platters. I'm a grazer, I can't just pick one thing and call it a day. So for me, a combo of hummus, baba, tarama salada, and roasted beets sounded perfect. What arrived next was a mountain of food. A plate consisting of probably 2-3 packs of pita bread, served with the equivalent of maybe 3-4 tubs of hummus. For the reasonable price- this was quite generous. And delicious!!
Although completely satisfied and stuffed on our appetizers however, I was still left disappointed that I hadn't left room for any fish. The last time I ate here we shared a Cioppino (which was a special that day) that was perfection. A mound of broiled scallops, mussels, clams and crawfish served with a delicious garlic broth. I wish I could have it again! Unfortunately this wasn't on the menu the last time we ate here, but in general I know the fish here to be light, delicious, and authentic.
Overall not a 5-star because it doesn't wow me or push boundries. But I do appreciate Dmitri's for its seeming status as a neighborhood staple, and its consistent quality-which is hard to come by when specializing in seafood.I think of this spot as my local kitchen.  It is perfect to go to whether you are eating alone at the bar or you come in with a group and take a table or a high top.  
The food is always delicious and the portions don't leave you hungry.  As a lady with an appetite, I appreciate that!  
I highly recommend the gazpacho and the sauteed mussels, two of my favorite dishes that are done great here and not like other spots.The menu for this place is a little weird as it is kind of like a tapas place. I had the seafood fettuccine. It came with clams, mussells, and shrimp with red sauce. It was reasonable, but it would have been better with a white sauce. The red sauce was very watery and splashed everywhere. Our server wasn't dressed very professionally. 
Food Quality/Taste =  3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 3 StarsDmitri's took awhile to grow on me, but now I really enjoy it as a simple, casual, unpretentious neighborhood spot. I really like just coming here after work to sit at the bar, enjoy a few VERY reasonably priced glasses of wine, and snack on some appetizers. The Mediterranean Plate is generous in terms of portions, relatively healthy, and is more than enough food for two people to share. Sometimes we fill up just on that! The shrimp pil-pil is as good as everyone says, and even inspired us to make our own version at home. The calamari are light and salty, just the way I like them. They have a Greek salad both with and without greens, which is great because I prefer my Greek salads without lettuce. The wines by the glass are relatively inexpensive and are right up our alley (affordable imports rather than boring domestics). All in all it's a perfect place for a satisfying night out that doesn't break the bank.Tasty food; mixed appetizer was good, smelts a bit overbattered but also good.  Seafood stew was delicious.  Some reviewers complained about the service; we went on a quiet night and it was just fine.The sampler that my wife and I shared was great. We had ordered a few plates of food that were suggested by the owner. Overall, the experience and food were both great! We will be back!"Neighborhood gem" is apparently code for cozy and bland. The space does feel warm, though drafty -- turn up the heat!.  The service is friendly though somewhat distracted -- one gets the feeling that they're beyond trying to prove themselves.  Their clientele probably lives within a two-block radius. Since it's so close, I would be happy to go here more often, if only it were better.  
For the food, think more upscale, expensive Greek diner: large portions, mostly bland and purposely inoffensive to any palette.  We had the Mediterranean appetizer sampler, with hummus, eggplant, tzatziki and more (though with no explanation from our busy server). Not bad, but nothing better than what you can get on your own at any supermarket or corner store.  Next came the spinach pie and sea bass. Nothing offensive, but everything was underseasoned, somewhat tasteless. Mark Bittman's recipe for whole fish Greek-style that I used over the summer was much better. Perhaps telling, the tastiest/riskiest items were the sides, roasted potatoes with rosemary, and spinach/kale like substance (again no explanation from our server) drenched in olive oil.I am a big fat spinach pie loving liar.  I can't resist the roomy outdoor seating & enormous portions.  
I'm over my petty complaints with the slow service & now know to show up early for fresh items that run out daily.
Dmitri's outdoor dining is the perfect choice for a leisurely dinner for you & your canine companion.Melissa at the bar is just so sweet and gracious, even when we stay through closing. That's all.Delish. went for early dinner with friends - got hummus appetizer and squid.  I had lamb, friends all had seafood. Hummus and bread was to die for, been dreaming of it since! All orders came with tasty spinach and rice sides.  Service was very slow and not very attentive, I was surprised b/c we were one of only 2 tables in there with more than 1 server available.I ended up here as a Plan B after my first restuarant choice had a 2 hour wait. I have been to the Dmitri's in Queen Village and really enjoyed it so I was looking forward to having a similar experience. It seemed like they were understaffed because people were finished and not getting their checks, or left but tables were sitting and not being cleaned. We waited about 40 mins to be seated on a Saturday at 8:00. I guess that is reasonable.
I also noticed the bar and was told by one of the staff that this location was the only Dmitri's that was *not* BYO. Severely disappointed, and don't get it...So my date and I put our bottle aside and ordered a drink the size of a dixie cup. We went to order and the waitress started off by stating what they were out of that evening because they were so busy. Probably a third of the menu was now crossed off. We placed our order. The table that was seated at the same time as us ordered 2 of the grilled veggies, so the waitress returned and told us we weren't able to get it since they were now out. *grumble*
I was so hungry I wanted to gnaw on the table. The hummus and baba came. The hummus was great. The baba not so much. It was better at the other location. Our entree's came. The grilled scallops were awesome. The salmon was overcooked. We wanted to order dessert but both of the things we wanted were out so we gave up, paid and left. I would probably not go back.Incredible! One of the best meals I've ever had. The price was very reasonable as well - $90 + tip for 4 people (Mediterranean appetizer plate, grilled octopus, citrus salad, shrimp pil pil, grilled scallops, seafood combo, and 2 glasses of wine). The portions were HUGE! I got 10...yes you read that right...10 perfectly cooked scallops. Sea scallops, not bay scallops. Everything is ala carte, but there was SO MUCH FOOD even without sides! The bread with dipping sauce is amazing as well. Service was fairly slow, so don't come if you are in a rush. But our waitress was very nice. I can't wait to come back!Went out with my college roommate to catch up and this was the perfect spot for it - had a glass of wine, spinach pie, babaganush to die for and relaxed. There was an outdoor area, but we sat on a high top table near the bar, which was filled with people when we came in and had a great atmosphere. I'm sure it's packed on the weekends, but it's a great place to go for delicious food, good wine and good service. It's centrally located right near Rittenhouse Sq, so a stroll through the neighborhood afterward is highly recommended. Note to self: Bring boyfriend back for romantic date. Perfect spot for it!I hate it when restaurants put a teensy little speck of food in the middle of a gigantic plate. It's so pretentious. Barf. Dmitri's is like the opposite of that. They heap your plate with enough food to feed a family of eight and fill your wine glass to the top.
I always get the Mediterranean plate (to share) and a glass of champagne and I'm always satisfied. I can't say much about the other offerings except I once ordered a Manhattan and it was delicious.very, very nice.  great service and a tasty small plate menu with decent size portions.  they had a special shrimp that was lightly dusted in flour and pan fried with pureed hot peppers that was outrageous.  The grilled veggies and mediterrean platter (included some items we've never had before) were great and the pita was fresh from the oven.
suggest you sit in the back for a more stable temperature, it was alternating cold and warm by the bar.Dmitri's is one of my favorite restaurants in center city.  It is consistently delicious!  The shrimp pil, pil, grilled squid, and lamb are my favorite protein /seafood items.  The Shrimp has a wonderful spice to it and they are always prepared perfectly.   The squid is grilled to perfection and always seems to be extremely fresh.  The avocado citrus salad is a unique blend of flavors that is extremely refreshing.   I also haven't found better hummus anywhere in the city.  I have only been to the Pine Street location and its pretty small so expect a wait but it generally moves pretty fast. The service can be hit or miss but this place is a must try!This is a 3.5 star resturant, at 4 star prices.. hence I'm giving it 4 stars because the quality of food is VERY good for the cheap prices. 
I've been here twice, with a few friends, who all enjoyed their experience here.
Other reviews are true, the food is brought to your table in an unorganzied fashion, but oh well, you know its hot and fresh.  The service is OK, waitresses are very nice, but once food is served they tend to leave you alone and not check back often.  The dining room is very small and crowded, slighly claustrophobic, but the bar area is spacious and nice.
FOOD is the reason you come here.  The quality of food is so delicious, and I can't believe the great prices!  Portion sizes are all huge, so you won't leave hungry.  Some of my favorite dishes I've had:
- Combo App:  The hummus and baba with asparagus and beets are so good!  Order this, its huge and could be a meal in itself!  The pita bread is never-ending if you run out for your dips! ($15 seems like alot, but this plate is HUGE and totally worth it)
- Spinach Pie was great ($9), 
- Ask for the specials!  We had a whole grilled Branzino (only $14!), head & all!  Absolutely perfection.  So tender and tasty.   Also on the specials was a beef brisket, was the most tender, full of flavor, melt in your mouth beef I've ever had.  My entire table was drooling over it!
-  Lamb dish was great!  Came with a yummy cream dill sauce, potato cut squares, and fresh steamed spinach.  (I forget the price, around $15-$17)
Some other dishes that were good, but not my favorite:
- Grilled Octopus - I love octopus, but this was a little to "charred" with a strong smokey flavor
- Seafood combo - was really good, but the red sauce was a tad spicy.  The shrimp was good and big, but the clams & mussels were not my favorite.  You do get alot of seafood for $18 though.
Greek wine is great, and super cheap for $5.50 a glass, I dig it.  Good neighborhood spot, for sure.When you walk in you have no idea what to do b/c there was no hostess or a hostess stand.  So you just stand around looking confused.
Also, I wish they had a better wine list versus just 12 choices in total ( yes I said in total). I also thought it was quite expensive per glass (8-12 bucks) for a restaurant that felt more like a takeout pizzeria.  Also, they don't take reservations here which is annoying.  
I ordered the grilled octopus which was fishy and gross.  
The only good thing was that the waitress was great last night.  
For great Greek food, skip out on this place and head to Kanella.I'm more of a fan of the other location but since this place is about a block from my office I make it there fairly often.  Similar menu as the other location (maybe even the same) except that they have a liquor license here so it's not BYO.  They have a solid selection of wine and beer.  The only knock I have on this place (and the other location) is that if you're a regular the rice and spinach sides get old after a little while.  That said, the hummus is great and the octopus is unparalleled.  It's also the only place I've been to that actually knows how to cook bluefish correctly.Some good fresh Greek food. Nummy.Dimitri's has always been a favorite of mine going back to when I tried the original in the mid 90's.  Went to this one last night.  Love the option of being able to sit at the bar.  The Octopus, Clams, Shrimp Scampi, and Sauteed Greens were great as usual.  The Lamb left something to be desired.  It was good just not what I remember it to be.  Service was great also and good recommendation on the wine.  I didn't ask about the bread but we only got Pita last night.  I should have asked since Pita isn't great for dipping in the clam sauce.  I have been what seems like 100's of times and will continue to frequent.Been here twice now and both times, excellent food.  My girlfriend is in love with the octopus while I melt for their pan seared scallops.  Both times we have been lucky getting seats right away.  Anything I've eaten has been very very good.  This place is definitely on my list of restaurants I have no problem revisiting time and time again.My absolute FAVORITE spot for a quick greek fix  in Philly. It's not uncommon that I show up at this non BYOB 2x per week. The staff is friendly and the food is predictably devine. Don't miss the grilled octopus ( be sure to squeeze on a tad of lemon) , enormous plate of beets, creamy hummus with pita grilled to perfection, and Greek salad. The Greek salad has no lettuce but is filled with generous chunks of fresh tomatoes, cucumbers, green peppers, and feta. Entree options I love are the grilled lamb and seafood combo. If that isn't enough... Get a side of greens ( if you are garlic lover only) . 
Great place to dine with a few friends and enjoy a glass of wine. Highly recommended!My only regret is that I didn't come to Dmitri's with more people. 
There are just too many things to order and too much food to eat for a mere two-top. Though I had a lovely date night with my boy, we could have tasted many more things had we brought along a friend...or four.
First thing's first- The house wine, a Greek red, was the most delicious house wine I've ever had in a restaurant, and for a whopping $5.50, too. Highly recommended.
The bread they gave us was delicious, though to be honest I was expecting pita. Instead of butter or just plain olive oil, there was oil infused with lemon and a swirl of pesto. It was great. 
We shared the Greek salad with greens which was large enough to feed four people. Chunks of feta, cucumber, tomato, peppers. Yum. Next came the grilled octopus. I had never had octopus before! It was a little chewy but ultimately tasted like chicken. The vinaigrette that it was marinated in was to die for, and the perfect accompaniment to the heel of the bread. 
These two dishes came out so fast (our server was very attentive) that we were afraid the scallops would be out in five minutes, and therefore scarfed down everything in front of us. By the time the platter came, we were full. Whoops.
The scallops were SO GOOD. There were eight. Yes, eight (for $17, no less.) So lightly breaded in superfine panko crumbs, so perfectly seared, so delicious. I kind of wish they were served by themselves, because the sides were incredibly lame.
"Greens" were just escarole that needed more garlic. The rice was reminiscent of a crappy Mexican joint's- red, but flavorless. Plentiful, but mushy. It added absolutely nothing to the dish whatsoever. And for that one reason alone I am awarding four stars instead of five. Bummer. Flavorful rice is so easy to make...Dmitri's, why don't you put in a little more effort on the grain front?Food was pretty good, hostess was grumpy, waitress was apologetic for the speed of service. Seemed like the kitchen was always way ahead of the servers in getting food out to customers. We ordered lemon drops from the bar, and the waitress came back to tell us they couldn't do that (no lemons or sugar - kind of hard to believe given the slices of lemon that were being served with meals). They had a softshell crab special that was pretty tasty the night we were there...I love the atmosphere here and being right off the park is very nice.
All the food had a very fresh taste to it and the price was definitely right.
I wish their menu was a little more interesting though.  I feel like salmon, tilapia and flounder are all kind of boring options.  
The scallops were tasty and I hear the squid is too.  Their caprese salad was chunky and much more fun to look at than your traditional slices of tomato and mozz.  Hummus was fresh and flavorful.  I can't wait to move to this neighborhood!I miss this joint. Perfect food. Perfect atmosphere. Perfect price point. Sigh. To quote GnR "Where do go...where do we go now?"What a great find with multiple locations throughout the city. Came here for Friday night date night and the tapas style plates make it a perfect interactive meal for two.
We ordered four plates and were left with a lot of leftovers (three would have been perfect). The hummus and pita was delicious as was expected and the Shrimp Pil Pil is a must have if you like spicy food. I had been advised to order the grilled octopus, but I was not impressed! It seemed overlooked and chewy.
The setting is dimly lit, romantic and cozy. Full bar, good wine selection and affordable dishes. I will most definitely be back.I love the food just like the location in Northern Liberties and Queen Village. This place unfortunately have rude staff so if you can ignore them you will not be disappointed with the food but if you have the time just trek over to the Queen Village or Northern Liberties location.Dmitri's in Rittenhouse is every bit as delicious as its sister in Northern Liberties (and I'm sure their third location is just as solid).  
It's just so darn *easy* to eat here.  There never seems to be a wait, which is nice.  It's informal but not without class.  It's not expensive, plus it's BYOB which keeps costs even lower (note: cash only).  And most importantly, the food is fresh and clean and absolutely delicious.  
The food is reliably fantastic.  The menu is nearly devoid of descriptions; you get items named only "Meatballs" or "Grilled Octopus."  But wow are those meatballs fantastic.
I try to stick with specials here as much as I can, because the dishes are so simple and clean that the quality and freshness of the specials manage to really stand out.  On this particular trip it was a lightly fried flounder, with just lemon.  So simple.  So clean.  And absolutely scrumptious.
It seems no matter which Dmitri's you go to, you can expect the same level of service, similarly relaxed atmosphere, plus the same high quality of food.Judging from previous reviews I can tell the same flighty waitress still works here. 
My boyfriend and I celebrated our friends' recent engagement with a dinner at Dmitri's. We sat outside on a Friday night & brought the dog. The tables face Fitler Square, and the wide sidewalks were great! Brooklyn wasn't in danger of being stepped on. 
Our server, who chatted more with our dog than with us took our combination platter order and then disappeared for good chunk of time. My bf and I have been in the restaurant business and we hate doing this - but we had to flag down another server to put in our drink order. The $5 crisp Greek white wine was perfect on a hot, slightly humid summer evening. 
After 30 minutes, our server arrived at our table with our appetizer. The combo app was full of hummus, beets, baba, feta, olives and some unidentifiable yet delicious spreads. Served with plenty of warm pita bread, the only problem was with presentation. Those huge portions of delicious spreads were all stacked on top of each other on a tiny plate. 
For our entrees, we ordered the grilled lamb, grilled squid, grilled octopus appetizer and the spinach pie. Fifteen minutes later a different server came out to tell us that they had been out of spinach pie for the night - our server forgot. I ordered the fettuccine with escarole and garlic, but was told they were out of escarole and could substitute collard greens. Fine! At this point, well over an hour into our stay, I just wanted to order. 
The entrees were delicious! My friends tell me the squid, octopus and lamb were fantastic. Each entree was large enough to split for 2, while my nicely portioned-for-one pasta w/ greens was lightly flavored with fresh garlic and parmesan cheese. 
After dining for over 2 hours we decided to skip dessert.  Our waitress, while flakey and a bit odd, was incredibly pleasant and never gave us attitude.  
I'll definitely be back for that spinach pie.First and foremost, the food here is amazing.  I've had just about everything on the menu and there is nothing that I wouldn't rave about.  The grilled octopus, brisket, and mussels are some of my faves.
The one thing that I do have to say is a little annoying about this place is that the hostess frequently stands near the back of the bar and is not readily identifiable.  On a busy weekend night when lots of new visitors are in the place, this can lead to a lot of confusion and a lot of distraught looks as people try to figure out how to put their name in for a table.  Pushing your way through the bar and people waiting for tables just to put your name in---and then wading back through the same, just to wait for the next hour---kind of sets a bad tone.  But the wait and inconviences are definitely made up for by the amazing food.Love this neighborhood spot. Always a good crowd and smart service. The food is reliable, delicious and comes with a smile. Shrimp Pil Pil is favorite.Apparently, when they say they do takeout orders, they only do it when they feel like it.  The kitchen was "too busy".  Not the best kind of an impression.D'mitri locates in the nice area, right across from the park and very easy to spot. I love how they decorate the walls with paintings and how they arrange their tables. You can sit outside if the weather is nice or if you love to see the bar you can sit on those tall tables in the front of the restaurant. If not, you can sit in the back, on the short tables  near the kitchen. 
I loves the food and the variety they have. For the small plates, they have protein kindda food on one side and veggies on the other. They have 4 or 5 different kind of pastas and many seafood plates. 
I ordered a grilled octopus which is very good and a mediterranean plates which has different kind of hummus. 
Our entree was the pasta with blue fish which was good and tasty. I never have pasta with fish before and i was thrilled because the fish was fresh and it taste interesting with the chunky tomatoes/red pepper sauce.Thank the Maker I finally made it to Dmitri's! It easily lived up to all the lofty expectations I had developed after weeks of reading reviews and their menu. We opted for the Pine Street location. 
What we ate:
Hummus
Grilled Octopus
Mussels Saute
Grilled Scallops
I'm a sucker for good hummus. Especially when it's prepared well, like here at Dmitri's.
The octopus presented an opportunity for me: See, the octopus at Standard Tap is probably one of my favorite dishes around. I was eager to see how Dmitri's stacked up. I knew it would be a formidable challenger.
Indeed it was. Dmitri's rendition is chopped into small bits and served in a shallow plate with a light vinaigrette. It was soft and delish, full of flavor and simply amazing. (Since it's a different dish in its preparation and seasoning, I'll call it a draw.)
We were halfway through the octopus when the mussels saute arrived. We couldn't have imagined this dish would have been just as good or better than the octopus, but it was. A wonderfully ample portion of mussels cooked to a golden brown. They were rich and briny. 
Then the star of the evening arrived...the grilled scallops. 
Please excuse the text-speak but, OMG! 
Scallops...How many times have you had scallops, ya know? At the run-of-the-mill seafood house at the beach or near some marina. It is far too often a lackluster preparation. It is a food that can come across as eternally homogenous and easily taken for granted. 
Do not make that mistake at Dmitri's. I don't know any other way to put it but to say that a divine spark lies within their grilled scallops. One of the first things I noticed (aside from the generous portion - which was the case with every dish) was how soft they were. If you were to stick your fork in them with your eyes closed, you wouldn't even know they were there. It was like piercing the very air itself. My date started calling them "Jesus' Pillows". The degree to which they were grilled was spot on. It was ridiculous how good these things were. 
The simplicity of the dishes enhanced the experience. Each of these items came on their own, without a side. It's not necessary, just keep bringing me plates of grilled seafood and I'm more than happy. 
Nothing we ordered was more than $11 - $12. Very reasonably priced.
The fact that every successive dish surpassed the other was awesome. I wish more meals would go down like that. We started from a position of strength with the octopus and yet it got better, and better still. 
Dmitri's you have another faithful devotee.The Shrimp Pil Pil is delicious.  Ever since coming to Dmitris 2 years ago I have craved it.  It is a great dish with just the right amount of spice.  The octopus is also very delicious.  
I would give them 5 stars but the service could be better.  It seems like the staff is overwhelmed at times, but putting more servers out would likely crowd the floor more than it already is.House wine is delicious and cheap. The Shrimp Pil Pil is the rock star on the menu... Pan fried Scallops are great too. Hummus and Baba are served fresh and the Spinach Pie is good too.Dmitri's is consistently good, straightforward, no frills kind of food.
Everything is simple, fresh, and well done.
I would eat an embarassing amount of the shrimp pil-pil- seriously delicious (note: if you're not into spice/garlic, these are not for you.  If you are, order 2)
Wine and beverage list could be updated a little, their stemware is kinda blah, but not a deal breaker by any means.
Service is pretty good, like the food, straightforward and consistent.solid 3 food but i still love it and will go back. 
i had a flight to philly and thought what the hell - drove to dimitri's....getting lost in the bad neighborhoods trying to get to my usual location close to south street, opted for the less down to earth folks of rittenhouse square.
bland ambiance. reasonably good food. nice service. high value highly recommended. even though i avoid chains and places with multiple locations, i'm delighted to see them successful. wishing them the best.went here late last Saturday night...and completely loved it! we ordered the Mediterranean platter, pan-fried scallops and grilled octopus (for 2 people)... everything was fresh....refreshing and very tasty. it's a little snug but having an open kitchen was neat to experience. i can't wait to come back!Casual, reliable Mediterranean in a warm and comfortable setting.  Nice bar with decent wine and beer selection in this neighborhoody, open-kitchen eatery is the ideal place for a quiet dinner or a night out with friends.  Outdoor seating adjacent to Filter square too.  Well-priced menu gives you plenty of options from the lesser small plates to the larger entrees including the obligatory whole fish.  Haven't had a bad meal here.  Most recently tried the $15 seafood fettucini in a spicy red sauce and found the shrimp clams and mussels well-cooked, the sauce to be well-spiced, if not slightly too hot, but overall it was delicious!Food ok. Service extremely disappointing and rude. 
We recently moved to this neighborhood and wanted to give it a try. Unfortunately we had a very disappointing evening here. Our waiter was unfriendly throughout our dinner. We even had to ask for iced water. When we finally tipped him only 10% on an almost 200 dollar bill he followed us outside the restaurant insisting on a higher tip without even asking if anything was wrong. I have never had such an experience before and it was a bizarre situation with this guy on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant. What a ridiculous behavior. Philadelphia has so many great restaurants. Don't waste your time at Dimitri'sDmitri's is right down the street from my apartment.  When I moved in I thought, I've got to check that place out!  but somehow it took forever to get over there--unfortunate for me because its a great neighborhood spot!
I highly recommend the appetizers/small plates.  I can't speak to the other items because the appetizers are so good that I've never gone farther.
First, portions are huge, and really good for sharing.  I particularly recommend the appetizer sampler.  The hummus is good but the eggplant dips are better.  I could eat those all day.  the beets that come on that plate are also amazing.  salads are huge and tasty.  I've also had the fried mussels which are super tasty and nicely fried.  
The wine list is fairly priced and has some interesting selections.  
One of the best times to go here is when the weather is nice and you can sit outside.  Since the restaurant faces fitler square, its a lovely setting.After a day of pre holiday KOP madness, cooking was the last thing I had on my mind. Luckily my boyfriend is a pushover when it comes to restaurants, and his good experiences here prompted us to go in on a Sunday evening.
Our waitress was very nice and once I warned her of my food allergies, took extra care to inform me of which items to avoid/ask for clarification for items which about which she was unsure. I really appreciate this in a server - food allergies are a bitch and I hate to be high maintenance, so having someone who genuinely was empathetic towards me was a huge bonus in my book.  
We ordered the amount of food she suggested for 2, which was quite a lot, but luckily taking home olives and hummus meant we had snacks a few days later. The hummus wasn't awesome - I'd maybe skip that next time. Plus, I like to order things I can't make at home. The shrimp was good but what really stands out to me from this meal was the grilled octupus. Oh. My. God. If we would have known how delicious that was our entire meal would have probably been 3 plates of that. 
I'd go back just for that and a glass of wine. It's also a cute spot (the CC location) and seems accommodating for dates or groups of friends. We lucked out on parking but I'm not sure how it is on busier times....
I was going to write more but I am stuck thinking about the octopus. Oh well.Visited Dmitri's recently on a Friday. We had hoped to be seated outside but opted for the short wait for an indoor table. Even at 6:30 the place was louder than I expected, but definitely lively.
Pluses:
- Grilled scallop entree was wonderful. Big, tender scallops, seasoned just right.
- Nice atmosphere, despite the noise level. Definitely has that buzzing neighborhood-restaurant vibe, and I like the open kitchen.
- Big portions. Leftovers made a generous lunch the next day.
Minuses:
- My boyfriend had the grilled squid entree and was underwhelmed. Should have gotten fried.
- The meals both came with greens which were too bitter for my taste. Cooked just right (not too soggy) but just not the right flavor.
- The service was about on par with what everyone else says about this place.
- A bit pricey for what we got. Might try a combination of small plates next time.The food was superb. The atmosphere, great. However, the service was absolutely disappointing. Our server Ashley was not only innattentive but flat out rude. From the moment we sat down outside, we felt as though we had done something wrong.  As someone who works in the service industry and dines out frequently, I have never encountered a server so disrespectful. The last thing Ashley said to us after our meal was "Are you done yet?" and I can say I am definitely done going to Dmitri's.OMG Dmitri's is my faaaave.  Best location of the threesome.  Alfresco along Fitler Square? Yes please.
The food is divine. Not sure if the whole "original Dmitri's has best food" phenomenon is psychological or actual, but this place wins for convenience, location, and liquor.
While not BYO like the other two locations, the bartenders do not skimp on servings. My libation - Bluecoat gin on the rocks with lemon -  came in a glass the size of my Swedish lady fist.  For only $7, I was satisfied.   The Greek house wine is also a good bet for $5.50/glass.
I can never resist the grilled octopus, nor the mussles.  Giganitic salads worth your dime.  Always the perfect balance of vinegar, lemon, oil, and herbs on everything.
A few of the waitresses I've had serve up the sass - but they are probably just worn down by the many demands of their Southwest Rittenhouse clientele.This is tragic because the food is tasty. Quality ingredients simply prepared.  BUT the atmosphere is just awful.  I've gone back many times always hoping it will be different but it's always full of selfish parents and screaming small children.  You simply can't have a conversation over your meal, and the staff doesn't come back to check on you because they're busy lugging around high-chairs and booster seats as if they worked at Chucky Cheese.  I guess they can't do anything about the clientelle, but unless you want to listen to people at the next table bellowing out verse after verse of "itsy bitsy spider," scratch this off your list.A great spot for some Mediterranean food.  The place is small so get there early. Even if you have to wait a bit, it is well worth the wait.  The food is fresh and well seasoned and flavorful.  If you have a small party, I recommend getting Mediterranean plate, shrimp pil pil, and octopus.  They are always a favorite of mine.  The few times I've gone with my friends, we were seated almost immediately and the service was really fast.  I love this place and have no complaints except the place can get pretty cramped and noisy when they're busy.One of the best, freshest, reasonably-priced meals you will eat in Philadelphia.  A long, beautiful bar overlooks Fitler Square for you to enjoy a drink while you wait for your table.  Excellent for dining in a group of 4 or more.  A short but thorough wine list that is of a refreshingly low mark-up. Try the grilled octopus.I ate here with my girlfriend and my sister and her husband.  What a fantastic meal.  We had 2 bottles of wine and a number of various dishes we all shared.  Everything was fantastic.  The only item that we all agreed was subpar was the Spanakopita.  However, everything else was amazing and we will certainly go again.  The total bill with 2 bottles was only about 125 with tip for 4 of us and we left stuffed.  Great place.the shrimp were amaaaaaaaaaaaaaazing. i crave them!They no longer have rice. I don't know why this bothers me so much but it does. No rice. That means if you want a side of starch with your delicious steamed seafood dish, you have to buy an $8 dish of gross, poorly cooked potatoes. That's not cool.Going here is a waste of time and money.  Zorba's in Fairmont is far superior.   Half of our order never arrived.  The appetizer sampler is completely bland (no garlic used here), apart from the roe-based appetizer which is far too salty.  Despite the fact that we didn't eat over half of our order (the part  of our order that did arrive) our server never asked if we wanted to take the left-overs to go.  I assume that she already knew the answer.Absolutely unbelievable.
My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our 3 year anniversary and we could not have chosen anything better than Dimitri's.
We just moved into the neighborhood and we love food so we were always asking other locals for their favorite restaurants nearby. Literally everyone said Dimitris and I. Can. See. Why. 
Let's start with their UNBELIEVABLY fresh pita that is complimentary to the table. It comes out warm and is perfectly seasoned.
As far as what we ordered- we started with the Hummus. It tasted truly authentic! It wasn't doused in oil so it was really thick and you could tell the chickpeas had not been whipped to a cream so it had a really nice dense texture. 
We then got the feta and olives which to be honest we didn't really like. It was waaaay too salty- and coming from a salt lover- that says a lot. But whatever literally everything else made up for that so they are still a 10 in my book.
Then we got the fried mussels. OMG it was like popcorn shrimp and calamari had a whole bunch of babies. They were absolutely delicious! I have never had never even seen anything like that on a menu so claps for creativity! *clapclapclapclap* It was really fun trying a completely new preparation of something I've eaten a million times- a real must try!
And then....wait for it.....OMG the whole branzino. It was absolutely unbelievable. I am a huge fish lover and this may be the greatest fish dish I have ever tried. And I've tried a lot.
It smelled HEAVENLY and was cooked to perfection. The skin was crispy and the meat was so tender. Literally falling off the bone. This was the only thing my BF and I were able to completely finish because all of their portions are HUGE and, well, it was also just that good.
Here's the kicker. We enjoyed a fantastic dinner with fantastic ambiance and the bill......
$65. You can't make that up.
I will be back here again and again and for anyone who wants to treat their Bae to a really nice meal, but maybe doesn't have the funds to go to like a steakhouse.....
I am happy Dimitri's exists. Everyone deserves to eat like a king once in a while.
Thank you for a great anniversary **heart**This is one of my favorite spots in the neighborhood. Reasonable prices for some amazing food. Love the hummus, octopus, lamb & shrimp pil pil to name a few! If you frequent this spot often you learn quickly that their specials tend to be the same.... so why even bother having specials if they really aren't "specials". More variety in the special options would be appreciated. While the food is ALWAYS amazing, the service is always lacking. They are ALWAYS just trying to get you in and get you out. You barley finish your meal and they are trying to take the plates away. You would think you would be greeted with a friendly welcome when they see you once a week for several weeks in a row, but they just seem bothered to have to seat you and wait on you most of the time. Just not a very engaging wait staff. I've been here dozens of times and only the last time would I say the service was excellent. I wish I could remember her name. She had long, dark curly hair. She was so great that I made a point to tell her how happy we were with her service and level engagement with our table and to keep doing it because this was the first time we EVER had this great of an experience with a server there. I'm guessing she was new as we didn't recall seeing here there before. The food is so amazing that we will continue to go there.... just wish the servers took a class or two on how to have some more personality and were friendlier like our last server..... they'd get much better tips if they provided better service!The food is always spectacular. I've had trouble getting a table a couple of times because of the no reservation thing but it's always worth the wait. This location is bigger than the other one so the wait is usually shorter. There are also some good bars near by to pass the time. 
The octopus is by far my favorite dish here. I could live on it. The salmon is my second choice and the Branzino never disappoints if you're willing to splurge a little. Order it early as it takes a half hour.Really cosy feel, great food. The Mediterranean plate is so tasty and the pitta is unbelievably good. It has a great charred flavour and arrived at our table still warm. I would recommend it for a really nice meal with friends and family.Went on a Sat. Night with my husband. Sat at the counter and watched as they cooked our food. Food was delicious! Portions are bigger than the average tapa. Looking forward to going back.Another excellent rendition of greek food from Dmitri and a great addition to the Northern Liberties neighborhood.  They even opened our 2nd bottle and let us take their wine glasses to drink in Liberty Lands after dinner.Amazing food. Great price. Awesome BYOB. Only problem was it seemed a bit understaffed,  but the waitress and hostess were awesome, food came out fast and hot. Try the seafood combo. Won't regret it.I went to dinner here tonight with a friend and we sat at the bar. We ordered calamari, seafood fettuccine, and beets. Everything was amazing and it was really entertaining to watch the kitchen team work together. Everyone was in a great mood which really enhanced our dining experience. The food came out quickly and was great. Seafood was fresh and everything was reasonably priced. Would definitely go back.I enjoy fresh vegetables and fish, this restaurant has both. It is a little pricey, because you have to order everything separately. All the food is quite delicious and it is BYOB. It is great for an intimate date the ambiance is nice low light and candle light. Not some where you can go to all the time but a great place in the city to experience.A Faux-Greek restaurant, serving food most of which comes straight from the freezer bag. Not even the garnished lemons were appetizing. Even the service sucks, and I don't include service in ratings. This is your standard poor quality frozen food/fake-greek place that is killing  the image of Greek cuisine in the United States. 
I'm Greek from Greece, and this place is bad even for American standards of Greek food which aren't that high. 
How there are so many good reviews of this place, is beyond me. If you honestly think this place tastes good/offers value in any way, your head will blow apart when you try actual Greek  and fresh cooking in Greece. 
I tried the fried smelt - a common meze in Greece - they were gross. Poor quality frozen fish, flash fried in the cheapest oil by migrant cooks.  Was awful. 
I ordered the tzatziki -------   HORRIBLE. Cheap, watery yogurt, and the cucumbers were not even grated, they were sliced whole. If you know what actual tzatziki is supposed to look or taste like, there's a pretty massive difference. In Greek, the proper term for this tzatziki is "ya ton putso". 
Dmitri's potatoes - also terrible. Rosemary potatoes, dry as hell. I was expecting Greek style roast potatoes with lemon. 
Everything else sucked, too , the service was crap, the wine menu didn't even feature any Greek wines, and the open-kitchen area was a disaster because the noise of the useless cooks dropping things was interrupting to the unimpressive dining settings. 
I would never allow a friend to eat there. 
And also, the name is supposed to be DIMITRIS not Dmitris.Unreal. Have been coming here for years and they posted 8 signs (literally 8) that it's cash only when this location has taken cards the entire time. Just greedy and stupid. It's clearly the sign of a failing restaurant and greedy owner who doesn't want to pay fees and avoid paying tax. Such a shame this has gone down hill.Went to this place on a Saturday night, so a little busy is expected. They told us 45 minutes so we went down to North Bowl for a drink while we wait, 5 minutes later they called and said our table would be ready. Yeah then they called us and said wait 15 minutes! Weird
Besides that, everything was really good. They let us split a full appetizer order into two apps which was cool. We each got a seperate entree and split them, which I recommend doing because everything was so fresh and good. Shrimp pil pil!Loved this place!!  Came here last Friday night around 845pm and we were sat right away at what looked to be the last open table. They don't take reservations so I would imagine there would usually be a wait earlier on in the evening. It's BYOB and the hostess offered to open our wine right away, and brought over a wine cooler to keep our white chilled.  She explained the menu and offered suggestions for how many dishes to share between the 2 of us. We ordered the hummus to start which was a great portion size and came with warmed pitas.  I had the shrimp scampi for my main dish and my fiancé had the grilled lamb, both of which were very good!  It's definitely more of 'shared plates' place, and any sides (veggies or pasta) are ordered separately.  Not an overwhelmingly large menu, but very authentic.  
Service was great, food was great, and prices were on point. We'll definitely be back!!Mediterranean platter is HUGE. Next time we'll order just that with one protein. Seafood fettucini has good broth but noodles too tender. Spinach pie is okay. Meatballs inconsistent- some well done and others too under done. Sautee soft shell crabs were burnt.This is one of my favorite meals in the city. Great food, decent prices and inviting atmosphere. The grilled octopus is not to be missed. This is one BYOB that is always at the top of my list. I only wish they took reservations!Terrible staff. So so food.  The original Dmitri's has much better quality food and a helpful staff.  We tried this one but are crossing it off our list.  Awful experience.  
The place has its "rules" which push it over into callous.  I went with a friend and her husband, she had a broken leg. He & I checked there was a table and then he went back out to the car to help her inside. But they have their rules. They actually gave this (last) table away just as she was hobbling in because they don't hold tables, not even for a minute for a patron who is on her way in with a broken leg. My friend was exhausted so we decided to stay but had to sit at the bar on high chairs that were quite uncomfortable for her.   When a table did open up we explained the problem and asked if we could move. But it was against the rules. I ordered bluefish and explained that I was allergic to peppers. I was told that it was not cooked with peppers, but it came smothered in peppers.  So I asked for some baba instead with a few slices of tomato to cut the richness. Unfortunately that too was against the rules.  Oh well, there are lots of other good Greek restaurants.This place is small and expensive. I'm willing to pay more for good food. But the food in this restaurant didn't make me feel like it. Also the  waitresses were just hanging around and doing nothing. When they saw your dipping sauce plate or cup was empty, they just ignored it. 
Anyway probably won't go again!After hearing so many positive things about Dmitri's we finally gave it a chance on Valentine's Day. The staff was really friendly and sweet and we loved the ambiance. We really wanted this to be our new favorite spot in the neighborhood, but unfortunately the food was incredibly bland! The complimentary garlic /olive oil dip was the best thing- everything after that was a real let down. We ordered the Mediterranean plate and everything on it lacked any flavor whatsoever. Bland hummus, bland eggplant, bland lentils, bland cucumbers in yogurt sauce. Not even extra salt would help. The grilled cheese was ok, nothing special, but then my husband and I both felt kind of funny in the tummy later that night. Overall very disappointed and confused why there is so much hype...We came here on a Friday night around 830 after seeing a few posts online about the food. The restaurant seemed busy but I was surprised that we were seated right away. The perk of this place is that it is a BYOB, so as soon as we were seated the host opened our bottle. Things seemed positive...until we waited about 20 minutes for the server to come and take our order. At that point we were already a quarter way done with our wine with still no food. We ordered the Greek salad, grilled octopus, and shrimp pil pil and the sizzling cheese that came out quickly. All of the appetizers were OKAY.  It's upsetting that my favorite thing was the greek salad and that was simply cucumbers and tomatoes tossed in olive oil and a red wine vinaigrette. We shared the grilled Bronzino that was served with roasted potatoes and grilled romaine lettuce. Our bill came up to be around $80, and honestly not worth it. The food was mediocre at best and if you want a great BYOB experience with delicious food, Radicchio Cafe is the place to go.Came here for dinner on a Sunday night. They do not take reservations so you could be waiting for a while. The restaurant is small and there isn't a lot of space to wait but they will call you when you're table is ready. We were starting to get really hungry by the time they sat our group of 8 and started off with the Mediterranean plate (baba ganoush, hummus, lentils, etc.) and sizzling cheese. The Mediterranean plate is a great way to sample a bunch of items at once and the cheese was delicious.. but then again how can you go wrong with fried cheese?  For my entrée, I went with the grilled octopus. I'm a big fan of octopus and thought this one was a little dry but still good. It was simply prepared and a generous portion for the price. I also tried a bite of the scallops which were awesome with lots of flavor. I might have to get that next time. 
The service is good and you get your money's worth in food here (both quantity and quality). It's also byob which is an added bonus.This is our all-time favorite BYOB Date Night. We stumbled upon it when another restaurant had double-booked our reservation, and though we couldn't eat at Dmitri's that night, by the crowded tables and the pure smell of the restaurant, we knew we'd be back! 
Dmitri's hosts a wonderful menu, and lots of off-menu specials that are authentic, simple, and delicious. We usually order everything family style, and share, because it's hard to pick just one thing! The Avocado Citrus salad is delicious; light, sweet with a crunch of almonds, it's a hit for both of us. The "dips," for lack of a better word (hummus, baba, tzatziki), are an excellent addition to the pita on the table. I love the steamed clams, my boyfriend loved the grilled fish. Last time we were there, we indulged in the Branzino, which was quite the treat, and should have been ordered to share between us. 
Hands down, our favorite. Affordable enough to over-indulge and delicious enough to want to.i tried dmitri's for a second time last nite and the food was every bit as fresh as i remembered it. our table of 4 started with 2 appetizers: the mediterranean plate and the sizzled cheese. the mediterranean plate included an ample amount of lentils, hummus, baba ganoush, tzatziki cumcumbers and beets (as an aside, i've ordered the beets on their own and would probably get an additional order next time). a basket of warm pita bread and some dipping oil accompanied the plate and at $15, it was more than enough for the whole table and presented a great variety for every kind of eater. we also couldn't resist ordering the sizzled cheese, a stringy but not runny cheese that was drizzled with olive oil and fresh rosemary. melty on the inside and crusty on the outside, it was delicious. aside from the mediterranean plate, most of their apps, salads and sides are between $7 and $9.
as i did in my first visit, i ordered the grilled squid which came out fresh, and cooked just right so you could get some char from the grilling, but without a hint of chewiness that comes with overcooked squid. it also came with a suprisingly spicy tomato sauce, but that's right up my alley. they have plenty of grilled or pan-fried seafood options, and the rest of our party ordered grilled salmon, grilled scallops, and the shrimp pil pil (fried shrimp in a tasty and not too spicy crushed red pepper sauce). 
the one change from my first visit to this one is that the "main dishes" did not come with a side of escarole (by "main dishes", i mean the seafood we ordered, the entire menu is a la carte). it's as shame too, b/c the escarole is delicious, with just enough garlic to get it's taste without overpowering the greens. to make up for this, we ordered a side of escarole for the table, and at $7.50, it fed all of us with some to spare.
2 bottles of wine and $100 (including tip) between the 4 of us, we all left full and very satisfied. the food here is exactly what you would expect from greek food...simple flavors with a lot of freshness. the fact that it's a BYOB is a bonus. i would definitely go back again and look forward to my next meal there.Service is just horrendous! The food is good but because of the bad service it isn't worth visiting. I've been going here and the other locations for a long time. I love their shrimp pil pil so I've put up with their often lackluster service. The last visit was the last straw. They made my dining companions and I feel as if we should've been  honored that these silly girls were serving us.Probably my fave Byob in northern liberties.  Everything I had is awesome, not a bad thing on the menu.  Great seafood!  Scallops are one of my faves!  Also has outdoor seating.Great ambience and service but unfortunately the food is not so good. I would say mediocre at best. We ordered the tomato lentil soup, sizzling cheese, tomato and basil salad, grilled octopus, and sautéed muscles. Of these, the tomato lentil soup was legitimately delicious. The sizzling cheese was pretty good. The tomato and basil salad didn't taste so fresh. The muscles and octopus genuinely sucked. Both tasted like frozen meals from a supermarket. Nowhere near as good as Dancing Zorbas.Pretty much same menu as the original Queen Village location but something about the food is different here. Don't get me wrong it's still great but just a hair below the quality of food in QV. I dunno maybe it's my imagination. One thing better about this location is that we've never had to wait for a table and the dining area is larger and a lot more comfortable. This also makes it better to go with a larger group or spur of the moment when you're craving simple preparations of the freshest seafood. So go with friends, bring a few bottles of crisp white wine, order one of everything and pretend you are partying on a Greek island!I have been to the Dmitri's in Rittenhouse several times and always had a really good experience.  I recently decided to try the location in Northern Liberties and when it came to the food I was not disappointed.  It was a Monday evening and there were a handful of tables yet the server seemed to be a little overwhelmed.  She was extremly polite but it took a little longer than normal for her to take our order.  Then she didn't check back on us until the very end and it once again took a while to get our check.  With defintely still go back and there was nothing terrible with the service. I just wouldn't try to be in and out of this location.I love trying new BYOBs in the city, thus I've been dying to visit Dmitri's because of the rave reviews. Maybe I had higher hopes but I wasn't blown away. My girl friend and I came with two bottles of wine and open minds. 
We asked the waitress for appetizer suggestions and settled on the fried cheese. I love cheese more than most foods, but wasn't entirely impressed. We chatted for a while and suddenly the texture of the cheese was no longer as appetizing as when it had first come out gooey and bubbly. 
Not deterred, we got the shrimp pil pil and lamb. They were really good and made great leftovers since we were so full from pita and wine. The ambiance was great and I would come back, maybe a different location, to try the octopus and other new things.Their seafood is excellent. We brought wine and tried lots of different fish and shellfish plates. We did almost tapas style ordering and sharing. It worked really well with the menu. I can't remember my favorite, but I do remember that there wasn't anything I had that I found less than delicious. 
Only complaint was that the acoustics are a little rough in here. We had a hard time hearing one another (this was also due to an insanely loud table next to us).  Once they left, we switched tables, and things became much more comfortable.The shrimp pil pil and sizzled cheese are incredible. Everything here is so flavorful and amazing.I'd been hearing so many favorable comments about this place over the years, so I decided to treat my bestie to a belated bday dinner and it was NOT a disappointment. Pairing that dinner with a gift 2015 Cabernet that tasted like a star '97 vintage only heightened the experience.
We began with a perfectly chilled Greek salad, followed by an unusual choice for appetizer: a cioppino broth, seafood linguine with shrimp and clams, paired with crunchy baguette. Yum. For the main course, we shared a simple, breaded flounder and a saucy, not-gamey lamb dish that was a hit with my newly-recruited meat eating friend. 
We ended with an incredible fruity cake (by this time, the superb wine had taken hold, so don't ask) and a first for both of us - a truly robust Turkish espresso that sent me to legal cocaine heaven ;)
All in all, my experience was memorable, however, my date criticized the ultra - efficient service and thus, the unavoidable lack of personalized attention. The staff was annoyingly swift and almost brusque.
 So...if you don't mind a "fast turnover" type of dining style, in and out, this is the place for you. As for me, I will be back. The menu is simple yet flawless in execution and the prices are refreshingly modest.It looked like my friend and I were the first to arrive after opening on a Thursday night, we grabbed a cheap bottle of wine around the corner and split a Mediterranean Platter and an order of Spinach Pie. Everything was delectable, as was the plentiful basket of perfectly fluffy pita and it was a good amount of food to split for a not-too-heavy dinner. The baba ganoush was my favorite. Service was attentive and unobtrusive. Atmosphere quite peaceful, the decor was ok (though the tiny painting hanging extraordinarily high on the brick wall was a bit bizarre). All around- relaxed, great food and I will definitely be back to try some other seafood dishes some time.I come here a lot and I love it. 
My personal favorites: shrimp pil pil! 
Tip: tell them to not bring everything out all at once, otherwise everything comes rushing in and the meal goes by too fastMoved into the area a few months ago and this has quickly developed into one of my local favorites. The food is simple but delicious. Service is always very friendly. Would gladly recommend almost all of the menu. Oh and be sure to grab a pots de creme to finish. They're very good...I love the food here, absolutely love it, but he service is terrible. The young women working here seem super uninterested and annoyed at every question. They need a serious staff intervention and overhaul.If there were sixth stars, we would give to this restaurant for the foods! We order three dishes every single time: grilled lamb, pan fried scallop and seafood combo. Amazingly well done! Have been travel to many countries, try so many different kind of foods! However, this is the best place with fresh sea foods; not to mention the awesome grilled pita bread to start the meal. Must give them a try to see, my words couldn't describe much. Eating is believing! We live so far away, but always travel the distance when we have a chance.The food is awesome, the atmosphere is comfortable, the service is excellent and the waitresses are damned good-looking...what else do you want?!Great place, highly recommend!
The food was delicious- very fresh and simple. My husband and I had avocado citrus salad, fried calamari, shrimp scampi and lamb. We enjoyed every dish and will definitely come back.
Just a few downsides - they don't take reservations and it's cash only.
Also, we got our food way too fast. We really wanted to take our time and enjoy every dish, but things simply got cold because we got it way too fast.This place was an accidental find...
I have lived in Europe and just LOVED  my plate and the service. BYOB but there is a beer store down the street.  Tasty plates, fair prices.   I thoroughly enjoyed the calamari and tzatziki sauce. 
Visited as a tourist and would revisit the establishment if I come through the city again. The area is up and coming. Walking down the street was an interesting experience and a good way to let the food settle after.In the realm of awkward dinners meeting you mother's first boyfriend following the passing of your father is pretty high up there. When I was asked to pick out where we should go to eat I knew I had to chose carefully as to not compound the awkwardness with bad service or terrible food. Given the fact that it was a Monday and most of my reliable gotos were closed. A friend and trusted yelper had told me that Dmitris was his and his GFs favorite spot and I'd wanted to try it for a while so I figured what the hell. 
We arrived at 6:40 on a Monday and the place was about 3/4 full which I felt was a very good sign. We were a party of five and they only had a table for 4 available but they were very accommodating by adding a fifth seat for us. The interior was a mix of modern and rustic with exposed duct work and old wine bottles lining the restaurant. We sat next to the open kitchen which added to the experience. 
To start off we ordered the Mediterranean platter which was hummus, baba, lentils, feta, and olives, plus an extra order of hummus. We all have pretty big appetites and still I think the platter would have been plenty without the extra hummus but the flat bread was so good dipped into it that we devoured everything. We actually ended up getting 3 baskets of bread because the oil / vinegar mix they had on the table was to die for. 
For entrees we got a variety to share. The grilled lamb was by far the winner of the night. The octopus was decent but no one was really blown away. The fried mussels were a hit as were the sauteed scallops but the scallops kinda lacked flavor compared to everything else. We ordered the Greek salad and grilled veggies as sides and both were very good. I would have probably been fine just getting a large Greek salad but its all good, now that we took a tour of the menu I'll know what to get next time. 
The service was great, the meal was surprisingly affordable and delicious, and the location is perfect. Dmitris was definitely a win.Wow! I'm not sure why I haven't visited this place sooner. Super clean, intimate ambiance, classy, great food, BYOB and good service. What's not to like?
So let's just skip to the good part. The food is exceptional. Everything is seasoned correctly, cooked perfectly, and is reasonably priced. It's tapas style so the dishes stand alone; you share a few to make it a meal. The bf and I ordered hummus, grilled lamb (charred, tender, and comes accessorized with grilled veggies), and shrimp scampi. We were more than happy with all accounts. 
During our meal we did not have to ask for anything. The waitress took care of us without bothering us, our water glasses stayed full, food came out promptly, and when we wanted our hummus wrapped to-go, she offered to pack it up with some extra pita triangles! 
I will most definitely be frequenting this place. Fresh ingredients and a pleasant experience can be expected.If you like fresh but simple seafood then this is your place. Very reasonable BYOB but dining room atmosphere a bit cramped or you can sit at the counter and watch the chefs preform their magic, or sit outside. It's all good but grilled octopus, pan fried flounder are a couple of my favs. and fried calamari is hard to beat! Been a fan of the 3rd St. location for 20 years, but now live a couple blocks away from this one and it's my go to spot in the neighborhood.I love Dmitri's so much. However, this is not my favorite location. It convenient for me to get takeout from here but for some reason when eating in I prefer the Queen Village location. I always seem to have to wait longer here even though it's the bigger location out of the 2 which is confusing. *Tip- don't go with large parties- or go right when they open at 5PM.I am usually not a fan of Mediterranean but this place had great food. We sat at the bar and watching the cooks cooking added to the experience. The grilled cheese, platter of some sort and this shrimp dish all were perfect to drink with a glass of wine. This place is BYOB so don't forget to bring a bottle of wine to go with this wonderful food.THE FRESH HUMMUS AND PITA HERE ARE THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD!
Now that that's out of the way...
My husband and I went to Dmitri's to celebrate our two year wedding anniversary. I was more than impressed with the pita and hummus. It was exactly how I wanted it to be. The pita bread was soft and warm, and the hummus was well-made and came with lots of delicious olives on top. Even the dipping oil that it put on the table was addictive. I found myself mixing the oil and the hummus on the pita bread and topping it with an olive. There were lots of perfect bites during my meal.
Anyway, the food that we had besides the pita and hummus was also good. The fried calamari was very lightly fried, and had no heads, just ringlets (which I like). I wish they gave us more sauce for dipping because the ratio of calamari to sauce wasn't very good.
We also got the special tomato and mozzarella salad, which I thought was sub-par. The tomatoes didn't taste very ripe to me, and it wasn't really dressed with anything. I didn't detect any oil or balsamic, and there was a negligible amount of basil on it. In retrospect, we didn't really need this salad. The other food we got tasted better and was filling enough.
For our entrees we got the lamb and the chicken. Both were cooked well. The tzatziki sauce was pretty mild and didn't add much flavor, but when we make it at home we add lots of garlic, cucumber, and lemon juice, so maybe I'm just used to a stronger flavor.
Overall the food was really good, but the service was lacking. When we were first greeted it took forever to get drinks or be told about the specials, and then we ended up having a second waitress wait on us for the rest of our meal. The first girl didn't tell us that she wasn't going to be our waitress all night and that she was just waiting for someone else, and our second waitress didn't seem too happy to be there. She didn't even tell us her name. We also didn't get any drink refills. It's unfortunate because I would have given this place 5-stars in a heartbeat had the service been a little better.
I'm sure I'll be back soon to satisfy my hummus craving...Everything is a la carte, so it is best to treat it as a place to share orders. Three of us went and split salmon, shrimp, roasted veggies and the Greek salad. We loved it all. Service was great.I could rock the Med Plate with warm pita and Shrimp Pil Pil once a week. It's that good. Get some in your belly.Enjoyable wait staff, food not as good. Chicken kabob only thing I could taste  'grilled burnt'. Mussels, hhhhmmm, not-so-fresh. Sorry, left hungry; NOW WHERE DO I GOT AFTER $57 bill???Love Dmitri's! Great little intimate BYOB. 
I've only eaten here twice but both times were delectable. 
For appetizers I've had the Sizzled Cheese and the Mediterranean Plate- both were amazing! The Mediterranean plate is massive, and can easily be shared with 4-5 people... Or just between 2 like I did last night! 
For entrees, the Shrimp Pil Pil was awesome and last night I ordered the meatballs which were amazing. They were seasoned perfectly and a little crispy- and it's served with a great tzatziki sauce. 
My friend, who is a vegetarian, ordered the spinach pie which I thought was a little bland. 
If you have room, try the rice pudding for dessert!Dinner was awesome. 
My only complaint is being rushed out of there after the server got her tip. I'm a server myself and yes it's annoying having to wait for one last table..... BUT when you are being stared at, having chairs put up around you, lights turned on, music turned off and it 9:50 and the restaurant closed at 10, that's a problem. It was rude and unprofessional. So be prepared to be rushed out after she gets her money....excellent and fresh mediterranean food with the added bonus of being a BYO.  dmitri's have been totally consistent all of the times i've been to either of their two locations.
- the complimentary charcoal pita and olive oil are delicious - it's usually tough not to fill up on them.
- the huge appetizer platter includes hummus, babaganoush, pickled beets, tzatziki cucumbers, tabbouleh and maybe one other and is a solid deal and a great way to share a bunch of flavors with friends or even have as a meal in and of itself.
- have had some of the seafood dishes before but it was too long ago to accurately remember - i think sea bass(?) once and grilled octopus another time.  i remember them being well-cooked and fresh, but that's about it.
it's usually pretty loud in the 2nd st location due to sound bouncing around the large windows and the fact that it's usually pretty busy - it's tough to be here with group of more than 2 or 3 on a busy night... don't expect to hear anything at least - but other than that i really have no complaints.
great food and good service at a reasonable price.Great service, even better food. We forgot our leftover bag and Madeline was kind enough to catch us a block down the road to give it to us. Portions were bigger than expected, overall good experience.Ommmmm nomnomnomnom!
Trying new things started at dimitris! Everything I had was amazing and I wasn't afraid to eat it! Service was good, things came out of the kitchen in a timely manner, beverages were refilled promptly. 
Only issue! We went at a busy busy time, so it was pretty loud inside. If it hadn't been raining we would of sat outside, but no complaints otherwise!I have been here many times and it has always been great.  So much of the food is simple, but perfectly done: the pita is charred but somehow so soft and delicious, the grilled octopus is always great, and the Shrimp Pil Pil has the right crunch and heat every time.  It is not the fanciest place or biggest space but that isn't what is attractive about it - it's the great authentic food.  Greek salad, lentil salad, meatballs.....I have had great food and very good service every time.Sub par mediterranean flavors. Food didn't have much flavor. Baba tasted burnt. Mussels and octopus tasted fishy - never a good thing. Best thing was citrus avocado salad, but that's not saying much. Not sure why it was in Food and Wine in '99, but something had to have changed.Table ordered about 8 different items off the menu and they were all outstanding. 
Service was fantastic and very knowledgeable with recommendations.Really fresh tasting seafood but everything was under seasoned. Still, seafood was as fresh as it gets... BYOB.... Bill came to $100 for 3 people to leave feeling stuffed...Will be backWhen u arrive at 9:35 and get told that they stop seating at 9:30 bc its slow but its 6 tables still in the restaurant. When u offer to tip heavy and make up for the inconvenience but still  get told no!  Thank you for ruining a night for a friend whose plane got in late from outta town who loved their initial experience and from a frequent flyer who is very disappointed how they were treated.I came here tonight with my wife, expecting some great Greek/Mediterranean cuisine as the yelp reviews indicated an at least decent experience...what I got was far from that...
We ordered the appetizer platter, the pasta, and grilled octopus, along with couple other sides...The food was border line inedible, I hate to use strong negative words, but if I had to describe the experience, it would be 'gross'.  The grilled octopus came out smelling like a pile of steaming puke fresh off the Chinatown sidewalk on a Saturday night...i dared to take two bites and it'd be hard to tell the difference between rubber bands..
The pasta, which my wife order, while at least not a stinking pile, was bland...just plain bland...How do you mess up pasta? 
The appetizer was decent, although what was gross was the fact that everything came out freezing cold! If you're going to refrigerate the appetizers and then serve, at least let it come to room temp so your customers don't feel that your getting left overs! 
I don't know where these rave reviews are coming from , but this experience was completely unacceptable. My wife and I went down to Yakitori Boy to grab some solid skewers and meats to get rid of the horrid aftertaste of getting ripped off and fed a thoughtless, gross meal...Four of us ate at Dmitri's last night and as usual had a fantastic meal.  The fare is Greek seafood and vegetable items for the most part, but there is a lamb entrée on the menu, too  Everything, let me repeat, EVERYTHING is delicious and simply prepared.  All of the dishes are made with the freshest ingredients in an open air kitchen that is manned by one of the best culinary teams in the business.  Sitting at the counter is the equivalent of dinner and a show, as the chefs prepare these wonderful dishes with deftness.  Service is efficient and friendly and also follows the same team model, as the kitchen.  The BYOB policy is also a plus.  
Menu highlights are:
Best octopus on the planet
Sizzled cheese
Shrimp scampi
Whole bronzino
Greek salad w/greens
Dmitri's potatoes
Pot de crème 
Dmitri's has a no reservation policy, but we have always been able to get counter seating, when a table wasn't available.
Kudos to the Dmitri's team and keep it comingExcellent fare all around, from seafood (scallops!) to chicken kebab, to lamb and all appetizers.  Everything is served a la carte, so what is listed on the menu is just that.  Be prepared to order a few things.  Reservations highly recommended.Yay! I'm a fan is right.
I joined 5 foodie friends at Dmitri's last night and had a great meal at this N.libs location of a Philly favorite BYOB from queen village.  It was a Friday night and the wait was long enough for a couple of us to stop in at the state store a block away for some extra wine.  When we were seated I noticed how this space worked well with the open kitchen and open window corner building that was comfortable and pleasant.  The service was friendly and reasonably quick to bring out bread and uncork wine.
We decided to share and try as much as we could so we went family style on the menu and our server was totally accommodating to this. We ordered a variety of small and main plates and everything was really, really good.  In fact, other than the grilled octopus being only just "good"  the rest of the meal was excellent.  
I had to admit that I hadn't ever had a chance to try the original or any Dmitri's prior to this night.  My friends who love them informed me that this menu was indeed true to the original location and they were pleased to have it so much closer (walking distance from fishtown) to home.
Other highlights .. that I can remember - since it was a foodie fest passing dishes, eating and drinking and exclaiming how great it all was, we really enjoyed all the fish, the shrimp pil pil  small plate was SO tasty, the whole fish of the day was a wonderful bronzino which worked well with the seafood combo that surprisingly also had perfect shrimp, mussels fish etc ... and the lamb was wonderfully tender.
Sharing was key to a great time.  We couldn't believe our bill with gratuity included came to only $25 each!  
Oh I'll be back.Cute and intimate, happy vibe. Good food, great service and it's BYOB which I like. The fried calamari is great!! shrimp pil pil is also a favorite but with a lot of seasoning so doesn't always work for me. 
Great place for a date or an evening out with friends.If Dmitri's is my lover, I'll soo willingly be his slave. Although on our first account, he snobbishly made me wait a GOOD 30 mins for a table (considering the grp of 5); I hold no grudges. I enviously stood there watching every1 getting a sweet taste of it, while my party slowly starved to death.
Thankfully we got a table b4 we died of hunger. The waitress was super friendly, explaining the menu with recommendations and portion sizes. We came down to Mediterranean plate; Seafood combo; Grilled Lamb; Shrimp Scampi and Beef Brisket. 
Let me just say this....I'm sure after downing 1 champagne, 2 wines everything would taste delicious, but the mediterranean plate was so well balanced in terms of flavor and nutrition. And all the seafood dish was some of the FRESHEST i've had, fresh outta the ocean. I had the Seafood combo with calamari, tilapia, clams, mussels, shrimp and scallops swimming in a brothy, steamy, earthy red sauce. I'll hate to say, if this doesn't appeal to you, THAT SUCKS. It's a giant bowl of goodness. 
The bill was a handsome $100 for 5 ppl, not bad at all, considering all the food we got. DEFINITELY  a must-try. Trust me...This Lover will make u get on ur knees and beg for more!If you are a vegetarian, the food is not really great. I believe some of the usual Mediterranean stuff (hummus, pita etc) are good but they had terrible choices for entrées. The spinach pie and an other greens-based pasta were bland and tasteless. At least, that's how it was for us and we came away very disappointed. YMMV.I think that our beloved standby has lost it's way.  Our last two visits to Dmitris has yielded over-charred food and poor service. Last night was the clincher - we will not tbe back. The waitress sold me on a shrimp special. It was supposed to be sautéed shrimp with feta cheese, onions, tomatoes and olives. The waitress  said "it is really special and you can really taste the olives in the dish".  When the dish came it consisted of overcooked shrimp and tomato sauce with a teaspoon sized glog of feta cheese.   No olives!  When I said something to the waitress she said "oh well I can just bring you all is on the side". When I explained that I was not happy with that resolution she offered to re-cook the same shrimp with olives in it.    
My husband's lamb dish with charred beyond reason. It was completely in edible. 
The bathrooms were dirty and had no soap. We are sad to say goodbye to this restaurant that we have enjoyed for so many years. But two strikes and they are out.I've been here a number of times - and every time the food has been spectacular! They have a wide variety of seafood and Mediterranean dishes that are savory and satisfying. I'd recommend ordering a few dishes (served tapas style) and sharing among the table. We normally start with the Mediterranean plate & then order a few seafood dishes to spilt like the fried calamari, mussels and whole fish! They provide every table a basket of grilled pita and olive oil to start :)
Last night, we had the opportunity to sit at the bar and watch the chefs cook! Right in front of us! Everything was prepared with such technique and care - I wanted to order a second dinner because everything looked so great! If you're into a dinner & a show, I HIGHLY recommend bringing a bottle of wine (it's BYOB! & NO corking fee) and sitting at the bar to enjoy your dinner and maybe chat with the chefs. It's an awesome atmosphere and it's been consistently fantastic every time we go.Dmitri's was a pleasant surprise! Definitely a delicious meal. Most of what we ordered was wonderful. The only thing we weren't crazy about was the chicken. It was over cooked. The Mediterranean plate, spinach pies, and meatballs were excellent! We will be back. Next time I want to try the lambI LOVE this restaurant!  The simplicity of their dishes brings out so much of the natural flavors of their dishes. My particular favorites are the calamari dish and the mussels. The white wine sauce that comes with the mussels is so delicious I could practically drink it.  This is my go-to restaurant whenever I crave fresh, light dishes without feeling too much guilt.  Their lamb dish is also delectable. I cannot sing their praises enough. 
Just a heads up, they are now cash only so be prepared.Chose this out of all available restaurants in Philly for a very special occasion as I had been there once before and only heard great things about it.   I expected way better in service and food.
When the waitress came to take our orders. I said "We'd like to order some appetizers first and then decide on the main course."  The waitress said 'no', we needed to place the total order all at once.  (Never heard of such a rule before in a restaurant).  We complied and ordered some appetizers (octopus, greek salad and shrimp) and a whole cooked fish to share.  The octopus seemed watery and bland. The shrimp tasty but to me a bit dry and overcooked.   I guess the main course fish was very fresh but also very mild flavored. However we had to eat the fish entree and salad off our single tiny bread plate size plates...a strange and crowded dining experience.
In the end I would rate the food as just so so. We had a rude, unfriendly waitress and the 'no ordering appetizers to start' rule is inhospitable. Would never go back.This place was awesome, and accommodating, a BYO that provides a wide variety of great tasting foods at ridiculously bargain prices for Philadelphia.  You can't find grilled squid anywhere for 12 dollars, let alone grilled squid that tastes good.  If you like seafood mixed with some Mediterranean flares, give this place a shotExcellent 'date night' experience here! 
-Server was very attentive and knowledgeable 
-the shrimp pil pil was OUTSTANDING and our favorite 
-grilled octopus very very good
-hummus and baba very good as well as the griled pita bread
- we also ordered the side of greens, very good
-overall atmosphere very nice - love the exposed brick, open kitchen, and quaint tables / candles
I will definitely go back!This is for service only.  We live 2 blocks away from the restaurant in NoLibs and purchase take out often...love the shrimp pil pil.  Today, however, on my wife's birthday, we were refused take out service by the chef both over the phone and in person.
The restaurant was busy, which is why he probably closed down takeout to everyone, but instead of merely asking me, a regular neighborhood customer, to wait a bit longer, which I would have gladly done, we were simply flatly refused.
Now, instead of an ongoing regular customer, who honestly loves the food and speaks of it often; the chef has lost a customer and gained a detractor.
Congratulations on short-sighted business practices.Tried this place twice and despite the fact that's it's a BYO and the food is yummy, two poor service experiences and one theft later, I won't be returning. 
The waitstaff always seems utterly annoyed to be waiting on anyone. There is one server in particular who is just flat out unfriendly. The last time we went (two nights ago) this same server took our bottle of wine off the table and walked around the restaurant opening it - you never take someone's bottle of wine! When I asked another server about it she said "oh she's probably just opening it". 
Then when I went to pay I picked up my purse from under my seat to discover 3 credit cards were stolen and then I had multiple fraud alerts on my card as the thief started using them for large sums of money immediately. My fault for letting my purse out Of my sight. I am not sure if it was another patron or staff, but regardless, i will not ever return.Cozy atmosphere.  Down to earth great waitresses.  Super fresh food that is savory deliciousness that even feels healthy.  It makes me want beet salad even in the cold of winter.
This place is is better than most super cool trendy award winning restaurants in the city.  Give me Dmitir's over Zahav any day.  I would have given it a five star except that the water in the bathroom came out of both taps burning hot and my friend scalded her hand.  Not cool.Good food for affordable prices and BYOB. Also a good spot for date night.Excellent overall experience everytime.  The hummus is fantastic and the spicy shrimp are my go too, but they rarely miss.While its cozy (read:cramped) you'll get a stellar meal at a good price... If you're willing to wait a while. Or sit at the counter and enjoy tasty, good-sized portions of Mediterranean food at this mini-chainlet. The gratis hot pita and olive oil is great but don't fill up or you'll max out before you even get to the spicy shrimp piil piil, mixed hors d'oeuvres plate, and grilled octopus. Only downsides: no reservations & weekends bring long waits. Good thing there are tons of bars nearby to choose from (I recommend a mango mojito at dos segundos.)I'd been meaning to visit Dmitri's much sooner as a colleague talks about it favorably quite often, however, I just never got around to it.  Last night I was craving baba ganoush, but I didn't want to go downtown and worry about parking, so I decided to head up to Northern Liberties with my boyfriend instead. 
    I'm glad I did because that baba ganoush hit the spot.  It had a smooth texture, but not too smooth, a slight sweetness from the addition of what appeared to be red bell peppers, and a slight smokey flavor to the eggplant.  The portion was generous as well and topped with kalamata and oil cured olives.  Perhaps, the most pleasing thing was the bounty of pita you were given to eat it with.  I hate it when restaurants skimp on this and you are stuck with a bunch of baba or hummus and nothing to eat it with other than a fork.  This is not a problem at Dmitir's!  The amount of pita supplied was just right!  Also, the pita was nice and warm and they gave us some other bread to dip in olive oil with herbs.  Our meal was off to the right start. Five minutes later, they brought out the Greek fried cheese, which was also fairly portioned and looked like it was cooked with olive oil and fresh rosemary.  The strong flavor of the rosemary went well with the mild, crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside cheese.  
    The next few courses is where I was a bit disappointed, though I must say nothing was bad, just meh.  The grilled vegetables were just okay.  They needed some more seasoning, perhaps thyme or rosemary.  I prefer the grilled vegetables at Valanni because they taste like they have been well seasoned or even possibly marinated before cooking.  These vegetables hadn't.  The selection wasn't that great either, as it only included green bell peppers, onions, and zucchini. Perhaps that's because it's winter though. I did like the garnish of Greek olives, pepperoncini, and feta cheese that it came with.  After that we had one of the daily specials which was the grilled Tilapia.  Again, not bad, but very bland, more bland than the vegetables.  It needed more lemon and some herbs.  It also had very small bones in it that I was having trouble picking out, although it seemed to be a fillet.  It was the priciest and most disappointing part of the meal.  
      Finally, we finished with the creme carmel, which was described by the waitress as similar to Flan, and to me it looked and tasted like flan too.  It was not amazing, but good, and just what I expected based on the description.  My boyfriend had the Greek coffee which is espresso with the grinds in the bottom.  He said it was okay, but he would just rather have a regular cup of coffee.
     The service was excellent.  Our waters were promptly refilled.  The food came out at just the right time, and the waitress spaced out the tapas just as promised and answered all our questions about the dishes before we ordered.  She also recommended how much food we would need, and we ordered just the right amount of food because of that.  There was never a lag between courses, but we never had the table too full of dishes.  The atmosphere relaxed, yet modern, and I liked how you could see the chefs preparing dishes from behind the counter.  
      Although there were some disappointing dishes, the excellent service and the delicious first two courses are enough to make me want to come back and try some other dishes.  Overall, it was a pleasant evening out.The food was fresh, well cooked and tasty.  I ordered the salmon, and we shared the hummus. So if I based the rating on the food alone, I would easily give Dmitri's 4 stars, but our servicer was rude and killed the vibe of our entire dinner.