came here for happy hour on a monday evening and found it to be a fun experience. the decor, as mentioned by other reviewers is fantastic. i couldnt help but to compare it to the oyster house downtown. in terms of experience it has it's pros and cons. pros:  it's not crowded, even thought it was buck-a-shuck monday (this is a biggie for me because oyster house in center city seems to be perpetually crowded during HH; cons: you can't see the shuckers, and buck-a-shuck only happens on mondays. oh, and all the other food was super OILY. i would come back again for happy hour (mon-fri 5-7pm they have $5 appetizers, $5 wine, $4 cocktails, $3 draft beers).Never got what melissa promised and I got an email from someone who said they gave him the same spiel. Stay away !!!Salmon and hash bbq was amazing and healthy. Great choice!!!! Above average portion size. Very happy camper. The only reason why I gave a 4-star was because of the slow waitress with the drink rounds.It takes a lot for me to complain especially about food but this has to be one of the worst experiences as far as service, food and just overall experience goes. I was anticipating going here for a long time with my colleagues for lunch. When we arrived, we were one of the first parties in our section. We ordered our food (Tacos and Mac and Cheese) An hour went by and while everyone in the room was enjoying their food, we were still waiting....We had to go back to work and get our food to go and that even took some time. We returned back to the office and the food was pathetic for what we paid. The $8 salad was a few pieces of lettuce and a cucumber slice (forgot the dressing) and the tacos were soggy and tasteless for $16. Very disappointed! I have eaten my way through this city and I will not be returning. They gave us a $25 gift card which only covered one of our meals. Wrote to management and still have not heard back. Not happyWhile the atmosphere and service were satisfactory, the food was absolutely appalling.
I ordered the blackened chicken tacos and I cannot describe a more flavorless hunk of meat thrown onto some old lettuce which red peppers coming out of a can. The sauce was laughable, the chicken dry, and in one or my tacos they completely forgot to even put chicken.
Don't be fooled by there appearance or ambience, this place sucksCame here several times and repeatedly surprised by the low quality food and taste. We optimistically think that it will get better, but today was honestly the worst.
Ordered a burger and a Fra Diavolo pasta (special for the month). The pasta came out overlooked, sauce bland, and mussels plain. The burger we ordered as medium came out well done and dry. And the fries were actually cold and limp, like they had been reused. 
Seated in the back of the restaurant, the waiter took 10 minutes to welcome us. 
Would never come here again, and would not recommend anyone to waste their money here.Food was pretty good.  Went for $1 oysters. Bad service. Forgot my soup order, food took forever to come out.I enjoyed the late night happy hour.  My friend ordered a cocktail and it didn't have much alcohol in it, very disappointed.  I would try this place again.Had had the pleasure of enjoying many nights here. Great specials.  Neil the bartender is super knowledgeable, pours amazing drinks, and will find a way to serve exactly what you are looking for! Dave (the manager), Jay (our other fave!) are some of the most welcoming, energetic and most amazing hosts! I come here at least 3x/week - it is a lesser-known gem of West Philly. Come here.Great seafood, went for a beer festival and had a whole lobster themed meal. Went other times and very much enjoyed the food and drink. A little pricey and no parking really near byAfter great bar service, I revisited for dinner. We had a reservation and the restaurant was not crowded.  Still, it took 28 minutes to even order a drink! It took another 7 to get the drink. 35 minutes to place our order.
Completely ridiculous "service". 
Food is okay. Service is terrible.
We chose a booth which was very tight and uncomfortable for four adults. 
If I return for the food I will be eating it at the bar. 
It's a shame because the restaurant is beautiful and in a great location.This is a very nice place.
The food is good. it's not too overly priced but do be prepared to spend a considerable amount of cash if you're planning to dine there. (Around 60 or 70 dollars per person. 
I guess I wasn't dressed nicely enough though, even though I was wearing my brand new t-shirt I had bought from Old Navy on the way to the restaurant judging by the stares and averting eyes of the manager who quickly dashed into the back when he saw me approaching him to say hello or the bartender who when I asked her if she could give me four quarters change for a dollar so that I could pay the parking meter told me that they do not keep cash at the bar as she hovered over the cash register,  I guess I wasn't dressed nicely enough or didn't look presentable enough.
The hostess was kind and well-dressed when she greeted and seated me while I waited for my party of 8 to arrive
Soon after, my waiter came to me and introduced himself and he made it clear that he only enjoyed serving the finest people that Society had to offer.
As my waiter Troy walked away from me after he had introduced himself,  the bartender ran over to him in a panic and said "somebody gave me a bad credit card and now I can't find the guy, I don't know what to do!"
 at this my waiter turned and pointed to me with outstretched hand and said "is that him? is that the guy!"I have been to Doc's two times. One time, my friends and I had a happy hour there, and we got calamari and various other appetizers. We all got food poisoning from it. I decided to try it again this weekend because it was recommended to me to go for oysters because they were actually fresh, and I had received an email from Doc Magrogan's for a Fourth of July special for 1$ buck-a-shuck oysters. I walked up to the restaurant to find a sign on the door saying that they were closed until July 6th. This made me incredibly angry because I specifically received an email from them about this special they were having this weekend, and traveled 20 or so minutes to find that the restaurant was not even open. I will definitely not be going back here.
Update: I went back to docs and had a much better experience. The administration is very professional with trying to make sure their customers are happy.Bar service was great. Went here for the happy hour specials on oysters and wine/beer. Convenient to Drexel and hits the spot when you have a hankering for oysters. Can't speak to any other dishes though, trying all their oyster varieties was more than enough for us. Also tried two oyster shooters, one that was delicious and one that wasn't so much-go for the vodka/hot sauce version!We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner! We were visiting and celebrated a Big birthday for my husband! The oysters were so fantastic! The lobster Mac-n-cheese was yummy and the mussels were delicious! Todd was our waiter and he made great recommendations! When we are back in Philly we will be back.This was my first time to eat at this oyster house, which located in University City. They offered amazing seafood, and their environment was quite comfortable, but I would not give full five stars for some dishes taste so fishy.
For food we had lobster rolls, lobster bisque, Korean BBQ skirt, shrimp cocktail and some raw oysters. Generally, their food was good, but not delicious enough to gain five stars. I pretty much agree with Yohanna's comment that "They have a wide selection of locally sourced oysters" (Yohanna, Yelp.com). The raw oysters were fresh, but the sauces taste just so strange. There were three kinds of sauces in plate, but none of them taste good. The hot sauce was too sour but not spicy at all. The oysters had fresh and clean taste that I loved but some of them had a lightly salty feeling that kept stimulating my throat, which made me feel I wanted to cough. The lobster rolls taste not bad but just too big to eat. It's hard to send such a big roll into my mouth, thus the lobsters always fall out everywhere and some lettuce sticky on my face. That's really awkward while eating with a lot of friends. One of my friends ordered Korean BBQ skirt, which tastes good, though the sides' potato was a little bit strange. The shrimp Cocktail was awful. They do offered fresh shrimp, but the sauce really left a bad smell in my mouth. Lobster bisque might be the worst one I've ever tried. It's too salty that seems like salt is for free. In brief, I don't like this restaurant so much. As I am not a crazy seafood lover, this restaurant does not attract me so much. However, someone may love this kind of taste, it might not be the best place to go, but may be an OK place for seafood fan.
To be honest, their service was pretty good. Our servers were very enthusiastic and helpful, and they smiled gently. Because we had about ten persons, there were about three waiters served us to ensure that they could take care everyone on the table considerately. They asked everyone about if we had any allergies. Jenna C said, "Our waiter was very friendly and seemed knowledgeable about the drink and food menu"(Jenna C, Yelp.com). I totally had the same feeling, they asked our preference and gave advice about their menu. When we were eating, our waiters were waiting outside the door (we booked a VIP room). Whenever we asked for service, they came to us immediately.
The environment was good and clean. Their decoration is kind of vintage style. Lights were made of the shell of oysters, and they hang a lot of vintage maps on the wall. Their table and chairs are also in the old fashion style. The lights are smooth enough to create a comfortable atmosphere to have dinner. We really enjoyed the long dining table with candles in the VIP room. Anyway, their vintage and smooth ambience is what I like best about the restaurant.The food is good here, but waiting for oysters to
come is like watching paint dry -- so slow! I waited 30 min and had to leave.Awful meal with terrible service. This was a large professional dinner in a private dining room, and it was a complete failure on many levels and an embarrassment to have brought guests to. 
I have waited a month and a half to write this review because it takes a lot for me to write negative comments on here (though I frequently share my positive experiences). However I wrote a letter describing this experience and detailing my concerns to corporate headquarters of the Dave Magrogan group, the owner of Doc McGrogan's - and remarkably I never received the courtesy of an acknowledgment or a response.
BTW, looking at all the reviews on here, Melissa Z, Social Media Director of The Dave Magrogan Group (which owns Doc Magrogans) sees to have a full-time job responding to all the complaints.  Unfortunately, improving the restaurant doesn't seem to be part of the response!I have been there 3 times.  The first time was ok.  Avoid the fish tacos.  The second time was great.  Service was quick.  I ordered oysters, soup and salad.  The oyster came out so fast I had a second order.  Third time was horrible.  I asked to be seated in a quiet spot.  Put me next to a big circular table filled seniors with hearing deficits.  Soup and oysters were slow in coming.  45 minutes for the salad.  2 stars is my "average".I don't get over to the Penn-area of Philadelphia too often, and every time I go I leave wondering why not. It's a beautiful part of the city and there's always something new to find.
One of those places is Doc Magrogran's. I had been to New Deck plenty of times and never stepped foot into this oyster house until last weekend. We weren't looking for a full dinner or anything too serious, we just wanted to grab a seat somewhere new and "raw bar" jumped out to us almost immediately.
And the bar is really beautiful. Not too crowded like some of the other spots in this part of town, relatively quiet and really clean. The beer and drink list is impressive too- I was drinking Mad Elf at the end of February. I'll give you a moment to be jealous...
We ordered a dozen oysters and a dozen clams. Their oyster selection is really unmatched to anywhere I had been in the city- so many different types from different locations all over the country, and with a whole list of different flavors. But best of all is how well they are cleaned- for how quickly they came out we were more than surprised to find no bits of shell or pieces of grit in the oysters or the clams.
Now that the spring is here we will definitely be back for more. This place is really a gem and a nice break from the normal college-scene bar around Penn/Drexel.This place was WAY more fancy then I imagined. It's not your typical "bar", more of a fancy cocktail place with high end oysters.
Having said that, if you like oysters this is your place! Their selection seemed top shelf and lots of variety. But if you don't like oysters, I would avoid it altogetherDoc Macgrogan's, which occupies the same space where La Terrasse once stood, presents itself as an upscale seafood restaurant.  It's a nice, well-appointed space with a buzzing bar scene, big menu, and long list of wine, beer, and cocktails.  But despite our pleasant and attentive server, the food is middling and not particularly exciting.  It's also rather pricey for University City, and if one is willing to spend the coin on a nice seafood dinner, one's money can be better spent elsewhere.
Coming here with a LivingSocial deal in hand, we sat down and were immediately overwhelmed by the size of the menu, as well as the long overview of the food and drink menu by our server.  Since we had never dined at Doc Magrogan's before, he proceeded to go over everything (and I do mean everything) on the menu.  On the waiter's recommendation, we started with the Cobb Salad to share ($18), which was alright.  It featured a good amount of seafood in addition to the vegetables, egg, and bleu cheese.  But despite the wide range of flavors and ingredients, it didn't feel or taste exciting.  It seemed like they were trying to put too much in one dish.
As for my main, I ordered the "famous" Crabcakes ($27).  Unlike a traditional crabcake, Doc's skips the mayo and tries to put as much jumbo lump crabmeat as they can onto the plate.  The presentation made it look like a giant avalanche of crabmeat with a flurry of very thinly sliced sweet potato fries on top, covered in a citrus aioli (read: spicy mayo) drizzle.  The crabcakes are good, but a little too much crab and not enough cake, if you can believe it.  It was so weird not to expect the traditional crab cake, but I guess this version is meant for someone who wants as much crab as possible.  I will say that I am glad the waiter offered to bring me some cocktail sauce, because adding that to the crabcakes made them taste infinitely better.  The BF opted for the wood grilled swordfish ($24), which I enjoyed a lot better.  Even though the fish was kind of plain (even with the sauce), it was cooked well, tasted good, and I really enjoyed the mashed cauliflower served alongside it.
I give Doc Magrogan's credit for having a wide range of seafood options, an impressive oyster list, and service that is dedicated to making you know the ins and outs of the menu, but I don't think their dinner service truly measures up.  With all of the available seafood options in Philadelphia, Doc's food is not nearly as creative or tasty as peer restaurants on the east side of the Schuylkill.  They do, however, have many happy hour specials and make them no secret (they're also way less expensive than the normal menu).  While i would be hesitant to return for dinner and pay full price, I can definitely see myself coming here for Happy Hour as an alternative to any of the restaurants on Sansom Street.Very tasty fried items mostly fresh and briny-umami seafood.  I had the fried platter (crab cakes coconut shrimp and fried breaded scallops) and got to sample the intensely buttery lobster bisque.  My son had the march  special trio mussels and he said the meat was tender and fresh.  The fried calamari was above average with the fried picked peppers.  James our server was courteous and patient.Great little outside section in the back! The food was pretty good. However when I asked to sub the corn side for asparagus I was told there would be an add on charge. The waiter was nice about it and told me immediately. When the plate came I had 4 skinny stalks on my plate. And when the bill came they charged me $3.00. I expect a full serving if they are going to charge me for it. The staff was great but the owners should think about how they are treating their customers. It's hard for the staff to bounce back from that.I have enjoyed the University City location many times and promote Docs to my friends and coworkers, but lately the service has gone downhill. I've encountered the same issue at the bar two times now and this last time, when I spoke to bartender politely about the issue, he gave the impression that he couldn't be bothered. I paid the bill in full and tipped. I did not go directly to management because it was a busy evening but I did leave feedback on their website. I did not receive a reply. Unfortunately, they have now lost a loyal customer.Brunch rocks, 10-3 at the bar. Drink specials are great, try the Bloody Mary or Greyhound! Lobster Mac and soup are rich and savory. Service is excellent and the ambiance is great. Must try!!!!Called to make a reservation for a Monday and night and the person who answered said, no need to make a reservation for our group of 7.  We arrived and were immediately seated.  During the course of the evening, I really was quite unimpressed with the level of service.  Water glasses sat empty, we ordered a bottle of wine which NO ONE ever came back to the table to refill so we did it ourselves.  We also were going to raw bar for appetizers and the waitress said the kitchen was so backed up with raw bar orders it would be quite some time before we got them, not even apologizing literally implying, don't order anything from the raw bar. Two of the menu items we planned on ordering they were out of.  6 of our 7 entrees finally arrived almost 90 minutes after sitting down.  The 7th entree came out when 6 of us in the group were 3/4 of the way through our meal.  We called the manager over to tell him how disappointed we were regarding the level of service and he didn't seem too apologetic.  He mentioned he would comp the drinks.  He comped all of the drinks except for the bottle of wine we ordered which I thought was a bit odd.  
Positives:  The food was delicious.  I actually recommended this place to my colleagues as we were on a business trip and the previous year I literally ate at this establishment three nights in a row because I was so impressed.  I don't know if hey were just having an off night...but I don't know if I would recommend it again based on my previous experience. We are in town yearly for business and I was excited to return, but really disappointed with this visit.I was really disappointed about my experience. I had high hopes but pretty much everything was terrible. We were greeted and seated in a friendly manner, and our server came over and seemed helpful and nice. We ordered drinks and appetizers and the drinks were good. We received one of our appetizers, 4 oysters, after a short while and also after we were told pretty much every other kind we wanted they were out of. We ordered a tuna appetizer as well but it never came. During our meal when she came to check on us, after we were halfway done, we asked her to please remove the tuna from the check and she said "oh we are out of that, didn't I tell you?" Um no, you didn't. 
Our meals were subpar. My boyfriend got surf n turf- his steak was chewy, his lobster was only partially cooked and it didn't come with anything it said it would on the menu. I got the seafood pasta dish, which was completely flavorless. The seafood in it was good, but the pasta and broth were completely bland- I don't think even salt and pepper were used. 
We didn't want to bother with dessert, so we asked for the check and handed the waitress our groupon (I always wait until the end in case the fact I got a lot of food for half the price makes the server half ass it). She came back with the new check and took my boyfriend's card for the balance. She came back and dropped it on the table and didn't say thank you at all, just walked away. That was probably the second time we saw her anyway, since she pretty much forgot about us the whole meal. 
Our reservation was 7:00 on a Friday- it wasn't packed, there was no wait, so there was no reason for any of that. We might return for happy hour and an appetizer but never, never again for dinner. Especially not for that price! The prices are insane for the quality.This place never disappoints for me. The food, drinks, and service are just great. I always order the spinach, salmon and goat cheese salad. I've had the fish and chips and ravioli as well. Whether you want to watch a sports game, have a fun group dinner, or a laid back dinner date on a Sunday, this is the perfect place.This place was great! I love the oysters here and find them delicious and fresh. I did not come here for a sit down dinner or meal, more for appetizers and oysters. It's a great place to go around the Penn area and I would definitely recommend if you're hungering for some raw oysters.Been there twice and I have to say the first visit was better than the second.  Their clam chowder soup was so creamy my stomache is still turning with queasiness.   They do have a great oyster happy hour but please beware some oysters may come missing. I had two that was so small looked like they just gave me the shell.  The place is on the expensive side. Not as good as the Oyster house on Samson. There horseradish is so strong it could drill a hole in your nose .  All in all the only good thing is the oyster happy hour which is on Mondays other than that I would skip it.A desire for a mini-meal before kicking things into high gear landed us at Doc Magrogan's.  The place was relatively full, but they were able to seat on time.  While the oyster list was extensive, it wasn't that type of night.  Instead, we ended up with the mussels trio, clam chowder, and calamari.  
The mussels trio was a small sampler of each of the three type of featured mussels.  The portions seemed small, but were enough to give us both a taste without having too much to get sick of one variety.  The clam chowder was also good, but it was somewhat disappointing when the bowl came out and it wasn't quite full.  The calamari was the best of the bunch.  We went with fresh peppers instead of having them fried with the calamari.  I'll recommend them that way, but I'm sure they would be fine with the peppers fried too.
On a side note, they bring bread and butler like most restaurants.  However, their butler includes a bit of old bay, making it pretty amazing!I had no intentions of coming here. I could not find the place I was supposed to go and this beauty was in my line of sight. So i said 'ef it. Yolo, right? Best decision I made that day. 
It's a nice spot. Good for dinner or a business lunch. Seemed fancy with the white table cloths and perfectly set tables. I came for lunch after a work related thing at the law school, so my business attire made me fit right in. I might have felt out of place if I were to stroll in with jeans and a tshirt.  
Everything on the menu looked incredible and I wish I had the appetite to try it all. But we ended up ordering a few things since we were pressed for time.
The food here is amazing and incredibly fresh. Everything we had tasted like they probably caught it that morning. We had crab cakes, and lobster rolls, and lobster bacon tacos.  I mean lobster and bacon? Yes, I do believe bacon makes everything better but I never knew the joys of eating a lobster bacon taco until Doc's. 
And last, our server. Awesome guy. Too bad I can't remember his name. He was attentive and knew his stuff. We also told him we were on a time crunch and he did a great job getting our food quickly. Thank you!I've enjoyed going to Doc Magrogan's, but the food just isn't quite good enough to merit anything more than an average rating.  I've ordered many things off the menu, from a variety of cocktails to small plates and appetizers to the fish to the steamer bowls, and none of them have been as good as I expected.
The bread which arrives before the meal is warm and not bad, but clearly identifiable as storebought.  The bisque is all right, but too buttery for me.  The fish is cooked fine, but again, it's nothing to write home about.  The crab dip had a very odd flavor to it which I didn't enjoy.  The steamer bowl I ordered was quite good, though.  The crab was excellent, the corn and potatoes were good, and the broth was herby.  The desserts are hit-or-miss.
Service is always timely and friendly.  I feel welcome at Doc Magrogan's.  Our server last time seemed unclear on a couple of menu items, but I still liked him very much.
Overall, I just don't think that the quality of the restaurant lives up to its ambiance or its price tag.  If the food was just a bit better, this review would sound very different.Great waiter this time: Michael.  Pro, could not have been better service from him.  Bartender in contrast was Awful. Michael had to actually prompt him to get him to mixer drinks. Otherwise he was parading around completely ignoring  us. I can't imagine how that would function at happy hour.  I love seafood and would like to see this place succeed, so I'm hoping they can continue to work the kinks out.I was visiting Philly for the first time and friends recommended I visit here.  We were a group of 14 people and everyone enjoyed.  My favorite was the oysters appetizer.  Best I've had in years!  
The service and atmosphere were impeccable.  I was impressed how the restaurant handled our large group.  All food was served on time.  Next time I'm in Philly, I'll definitely be back here for dinner.I hate to do this because the bartender was so nice and the place really had a great atmosphere, here goes. I ordered lobster bisque and old bay fries and they were horrible. The lobster bisque had little to none lobster or taste. The fries were cold and barely had any seasoning. I'm very disappointed and to top it off, I found a piece of shell (yes, I had a piece of shell in my soup).Group of my friends recently visited this place and I would say -"great we did it". Happy hour drinks and special prices for the oysters all day Mondays are great deal!!Nice and romantic place with outdoor seating and live pianist?!Amazing... What can be better?How can you not love this place...DOLLAR OYSTERS!!!! This is my third time back, great prices, cool environment. I you are the "starving artist" on a budget, looking for a "first meet/date spot" or just want a laid back place to enjoy conversation, food and music... Docs is it. The $5.oo appetizers are awesome with great portions--two people can leave full on about $30 bucks or less. The drinks on the other hand....well lol I wasn't too impressed with the "fish bowls" such a weird combo that has the taste of weak kool-aid  or power aid. But try it.. you may like it. But other than that docs is definitely one of Phillies hidden treasures.Had a great lunch here the other day. I had the Seafood Cob salad and a half dozen oysters. The seafood was cooked perfectly in the salad (I hate overcooked fish). The oysters are right on, with a nice list to choose from and describing the varieties. The bartender was able to give recommendations and was friendly and attentive without being overly in my face. The beer selection was OK but the taps could expand a bit. Price was still seafood high, but better then the annoying-packed place downtown.Expensive seafood that isn't extraordinary in any way.
Oysters were good, but I've had better [Oyster house].
In general, everything I've tried here was good, but not great. I enjoyed their fried calamari a lot, but nothing really set it apart from other calamaris I've had in Philly. The waitors were nice, but the food was quiteeee slow paced to come out. If you're trying to drop some bills for some great seafood, check out Oyster house.. or Little Fish... or so many other establishments that have better food at a cheaper price point.This place has really gone downhill, since I discovered it two years ago. I used to be impressed with their oyster selection, but the last four times I visited, there was at least rotten oyster in the batch. The smell should have really tipped the staff off. Also, on one occasion, the server spilled four drinks on my aunt's lap, which destroyed her phone. The manager did not even comp us our dinner. He only gave us free oysters (one of which was spoiled).I came here on Saturday afternoon. We sat at the bar and ordered our food. The place has a very nice ambience and elegant decor.
They have a wide selection of locally sourced oysters. We ordered the various kinds, they were of decent size and good flavor. 
For food we had the lobster roll and the fish and chips. The fish and chips, included beer battered cod fish and fries. It was delicious. But I would say that there were too many fries and only three pieces of the fish. It was a very tasty fish.
The lobster roll was very filling and sufficient amount. 
Overall it was a good place with fairly priced oysters.No stars. Not a one--the one I gave is because Yelp requires at least one. Have been twice, once by choice and the experience so bad that I would never have gone back...but the second time was a special occasion and the honored guest chose the restaurant. Aside from the lovely gentleman waiting on us, there was nothing good to report...For the prices, this place is a scam. The rolls are about as good as you'd find in a grocery bread aisle.  I found a rubber band in my apple slaw, which itself tasted like mayonnaise with some cabbage and apple in it,  and a long hair on my tuna (once thing is an accident, two is a real lack of attention to something). The desserts were unspeakably bad. Again, the prices, for what you get, were insanely ridiculous. It's as if they know the Penn kids will pay so why bother...Otherwise, I don't get how the place stays in business. The wine and beer selection is tolerable. The unpleasant experience even followed us home, where my daughter threw up and missed school the next day after her meal.Had dinner there Saturday at 7pm, and was seated at a nice table outside. Ordered a dozen oysters and they forgot 3 of them so the waiter took the tray back. He returned over 10 mins later with the correct order but by then many of the oysters were floating in water instead of sitting on crushed ice. 
We also ordered steamed little neck clams, which were good. And we both ordered different kinds of the fish tacos, which were very good and I would highly recommend them. 
The cocktails and wine by the glass were also good, but IMO the wine by the glass prices were a bit expensive. I suspect beer is the more typical and affordable drink here but I was not in a beer drinking mood.
Unfortunately, the service from our waiter was highly indifferent and lacking friendliness or attentiveness. As an example, arriving to take drinks the attitude was sort of like 'do you want a drink or what?' rather than 'would you like to start with a cocktail / let me tell you about some of our amazing mixed drinks from the bar'. I also noticed that the tables on either side of us had similar challenges getting the waiter's attention and the service level was a conversation topic we overheard from both parties. For this reason what could have been a 3 or 4 star rating has to be knocked back to 2 stars. At this price level I expected much better service.
Update 5/11/2015: The restaurant's social media person reached out (see below). I followed her directions on 4/20/2015 and received no response from the person she recommended I contact. Don't know why, but that really bugs me.Great place!! Waiter was great ( Billy ). Had a very intimate dinner with my wife. Made reservations and it was perfect. Atmosphere is comfortable and relaxing. 
The seafood is as fresh as if they were right next to the ocean.  Oysters, clams, scallops all top notch. 
Really enjoyed ourselves and can't wait to visit again.This place is huge. They have good oysters. It was the service that I found lacking. The bartender was sort of attentive but when my glass was cracked he didn't even say thanks to me for pointing it out. There were two of us and although he did bring silverware We had to track him down to get plates. Had a good time and the food was good. Will try again but only lukewarm at this point.Terribly run and operated business. The website says they are open till 1AM and describes their drink specials but its fraudulent. I took a 15 dollar uber there only to find out they closed at 10 PM. When I called them because I was pissed they told me that the hours havent been like that for a long time. How can you do that? You mislead customers about hours and specials, are you mentally challenged ? Only reason I gave it a 2 is because their oysters are on point. Doc's you played yourselfI went here for brunch. I was able to use my yelp check in deal to get a free shrimp appetizer for the table, which turned out to be pretty yummy. My dish, smoked salmon eggs Halifax, was yummy and pretty on par with the price, although I feel like some of their other dishes are a little overpriced. My biggest complaint would probably be the wait time. My table had to wait over 40 minutes to receive our entrees.I desperately needed a break from studying for finals, and figured it was as good a time as any to use my Living Social voucher for Doc Magrogan's that I had been hoarding. Even though it was a weeknight, I was worried that like many establishments that offer daily deals, they wouldn't want to take my same-day reservation, but they were more than happy to have us come in within half an hour of my call. 
We ended up ordering their large seafood platter to share, and they accommodated our request for more fresh oysters instead of fresh clams (icky). The oysters were okay, and I'm pretty sure they were all the same type. The rest of the seafood was okay too, but I would have appreciated a more interesting sauce than just vinegar to go with it. 
On our awesome server's recommendation, I had the seafood bouillabaisse and it was delicious. The boyfriend had a lobster roll, which was solidly good, but nothing compared to Neptune Oyster in Boston. 
Their cocktail selection looked pretty neat, but alas I had to study afterwards so didn't get to try any, but we did indulge in some dessert and that might have been my favorite part of the meal. I had a delightfully tart raspberry vanilla parfait and the boyfriend had some kind of mousse that was also very good. 
We ended up dropping another $60 (plus tip) on top of our $50 voucher. Not sure if it was worth it for an establishment that's basically an upscale Chili's, but would probably go back for their happy hour or if another deal came up.I'm from MD so I can be difficult to please when it comes to crabcakes. Docs are pretty decent, maybe the best I've had in Philly! Came here a few times with parents and they loved their entrees. Most recently, we ordered the lobster Mac and cheese and I swear there was no lobster in it. We didn't want to make a big deal (and didn't) but they were very attentive and comped it for us. They said it's a common complaint... So I would just avoid getting it altogether. Honestly, Neither time I've had it (the time where I could taste the lobster and this time) did it blow me away. I don't think there's enough cheese. 
But I say all of this as a testament to the great waitstaff. They were fabulous. 
The highlight may have actually been the old bay honey butter with the dinner rolls... Or that Samson street lemonade. Mmmm!
We'll definitely return! They had an old bay burger that looked fantastic. And thank goodness they actually call their fries old bay fries rather than "crab fries." They obviously know what's up :)We had stopped going to this place because of the bad food and poor service but tries to give it another chance. Very poor service. Oysters were great but the rest of the food was bad. Lobster rolls made with rubbery canned like lobster. Manager impolite when told of service complaint. Whisky sour undrinkable. We were told that they don't carry sour mix so they improvised. Oi.Really disappointed, I met 3 friends who were already seated at the bar enjoying their happy hour drinks and apps. I sat for 15 minutes while 3 bartenders filled drinks in front of me and did not even look up to greet me. The bartender that was serving my friends asked if they were doing ok. My friend had to tell her that I had been sitting for 15 mins. She said, "oh, sorry, would you like something?" We were finishing up when they asked if we would like anything else, we said no thank you, just the check. Another bartender asked if we would like anything else and we said again, no thank you just the check. He printed our check, we put the money in and he did not ask if we needed any change! Then 2 ladies were waiting at the bar and the same bartender gestured at us with his thumb and told them, these guys are done, you can have their seats. The only positive note was the lovely hostess who greeted me as soon as I walked in and told me to have a good evening as we were leaving. I work on Sansom St and wanted to support local businesses, but I will not be going back in light of the deplorable service this evening.The oysters were fantastic. When I checked in, I also got a free plate of orange shrimp which was nice.
I ordered the sesame tuna tacos. I would not recommend this dish as the tuna was cooked too much and it was very dry. Additionally, the wasabi dressing was too overpowering. As I took a bite of the taco, the wasabi stung my nostrils. I thought it was weird that rice came with the tacos, since the tuna was wrapped in tortilla. The better option here would be the crab cake burgers with fries. 
I'm not so sure that I would order dishes here other than the oysters.HH review: Sat at the bar for happy hour on a Thursday - at first had trouble finding seats because it was so packed... Great little plates like lobster mac & cheese bites, orange sesame shrimp, and buck a shuck oysters. The plates were actually pretty filling, and the price was right. The beer selection was good, and the happy hour drinks were affordable as well. Over all, a lot of fun, a lot of food and drinks, for under 20 bucks. I'd like to come back for HH again and try dinner sometime - the restaurant area was pretty packed and the menu looked extensive.Ummm....service here sucks. I can't really review the quality of the food because it's been about a half hour and I haven't seen any food yet. I guess with so many full tables (3 or 4) it's getting backed up to cook some eggs.Their lobster bisque is sooooo good! I get it every single time I go! I got the lobster roll today as well and it was really good. I love the service; all servers are friendly and knowledgeable. Also, the ambiance is great. One of my favorite seafood places in the city.If you come here when it's not busy, sit at the bar and get some 5 star service from Mark =)
Came here with my boo for late oyster dining and drinks and it wasn't packed at all which made me skeptical on how the experience was going to go.  
(Review is based only on bar service and raw bar eats)
Super knowledgeable and friendly bartender gave us suggestions and his faves from their oyster menu.  I'm an IPA lover and he also gave me beer suggestions as well.  Victory Seasonal is excellent!
Also gave us his top faves from the regular dinner menu, which we will definitely try next time!
I like the way that they serve the oysters by providing a slip of paper with the order the oysters are in - Always served clockwise from top to bottom of the list.
My faves of the night were the Hollywoods and Shoregasms (YEP THAT'S WHAT I SAID!)
Next time we're going to try the crab cakes that weresuggested, and also to come back on a Monday for buck oysters!
p.s. Mark if you're reading this, thanks for the fantasy football tips too!!! see ya soon!I come here pretty regularly both buck-a-shuck on Mondays and late nights.
If you're an oyster in UCity, Monday buck a shucks are definitely a great deal! I usually order 20....can't reallyyy tell the difference, but they all taste interesting and their selection is usually varied. 
Appetizers are usually very meh, or kinda gross to eat. I've gotten most of their $5 apps during happy hours, and they are all usually really greasy and unpleasant to eat.
I have gotten their clam chowder once before though off their regular menu, and that was fine!
$5 fishbowls are very weak, and taste like juice...which is fine but it is more of a powdered juice. Their happy hour drinks are also very meh-- I feel like their house wine is boxed...Great place!! Waiter was great ( Billy ). Had a very intimate dinner with my wife. Made reservations and it was perfect. Atmosphere is comfortable and relaxing. 
The seafood is as fresh as if they were right next to the ocean.  Oysters, clams, scallops all top notch. 
Really enjoyed ourselves and can't wait to visit again.I was super excited to hear about their all you can eat crab legs on sundays.  My gf and I like to go for their buck a shuck nights and figured we would check out the AYCE crab legs.  Im a huge fan of crablegs so I was pretty stoked.  Well what can I say...
Extremely terrible!!!!
The crab legs were water logged so badly.  I enjoy cracking open my crab legs and pulling out the meat then dipping them into some delicious butter but these were so rubbery that cracking them open was NOT an option.  
On top of that the crab legs were also cold. (my girlfriends crab legs were actually still frozen!)
I have no idea what the cooks are doing but im sure chef Ramsey would have a field day with them.Quality - 3 stars (Fair).
Price - $$$ (Pricy)  
Taste - Fair
Good: Happy Hour Oyster
As the only one seafood specialist restaurant near UPenn campus. Doc Magrogan serves seafood in good quality with reasonable price.
Since Philadelphia is not locate near harbor, the transportation fee will also add on the menu price. So be award of their MP meals, sometimes may be higher than you expect.
The restaurant is famous for their oyster. They also feature in their Happy Hour Oyster deal.
So if you like to eat oyster in quantity. The $1 oyster is pretty good in value.
But if you want to eat the oyster beside happy hour time. The price may jump up to $2.50 depends on it's region or size.
Also check out their VIP membership, they often offer special promotion for meals.
Promotion such as $19.99 All you can eat snow crab leg on Sunday or $19 Seafood  Steam Pot on Thursday are good deal in portion and price. And these deal are only available for VIP members. So remember to sign up with their membership for free.The best part of this visit was the buck a shuck deal!!! Great, delicious oysters.  AWe happily came across Doc Macgrogan's tonight and boy are we so happy we did!!! I have never had such an amazing meal - seared Ahi Tuna with an out of this world cauliflower hash that I ordered more of for my dessert!  I have a ton of dietary restrictions, and our waiter was so amazing!  What an incredible treat.  Looking forward to visiting Philadelphia again so that I can come back!!Doc Magrogan's Oyster House
3432 Sansom St
Philadelphia, PA 19104
Neighborhood: University City
Somewhat surreptitiously built up overnight on Penn's campus, Doc Magrogan offers an excellent array of seafood choices.  The upfront section of the restaurant is the bar, with the back section more quiet and more suitable for a sit down.  So, something for everyone.  Since we were at an oyster house, we had to give the Doc's oysters a try.  I don't remember exactly what we had, but the two types we had were very mild in flavor (a plus, because I'm not a fan of the opposite).  I should make note that my buddy is not a fan of slippery / slimy food sliding down his throat, and I did not hear a complaint from him!  
Next up, we shared the Lobster Bisque - the perfect remedy to warm up the body on a cold night.  No need to say more, try it.  After that, we split one of the entree salads - Grilled Seafood Cobb (a mixture of shrimp, scallops, crab, salmon, blue cheese, chopped egg, diced tomato, avocado, and the house's herb dressing).  Unlike my companion, I'm not a big fan of blue cheese, so the waiter was kind enough to split the salad in the kitchen - one with blue cheese, another without.  The salmon, and particularly the scallops, were the highlights of this dish.  The scallops were cooked perfectly, with just enough char from the grill to satisfy my craving.  
For our entrees, we both chose from the Surf & Turf section.  I had the Crab Cake & Chicken Oscar (wood-grilled chicken paired with lump crab meat & hollandaise, Doc's signature crab cake, and grilled asparagus).  The chicken was well cooked, and overall, was okay.  But, when it was eaten together with the crab cake, my taste buds sang.  My comrade-in-arms had the Korean BBQ Skirt Steak & Shrimp ("Korean" BBQ marinated skirt steak, orange-sesame shrimp, sweet potato hay, Asian slaw).  I put "Korean" in quotes because we both thought it tasted exactly like ordinary BBQ sauce.  Our question was "Where's the Korean in this dish?"  Regardless of where the Korean was hiding, the dish had good flavors.  For me, I thought the tempura shrimp was the star.  
To wrap it up, we shared the tiramisu and strawberry shortcake desserts.  The tiramisu was good, but nothing extraordinary. There was something in the strawberry shortcake that made our tongues tingle, so that was a pleasant (?) surprise.  Overall, both desserts passed the test, but were a tad bit too sweet for us to finish either of them completely. 
If you find yourself with a sudden craving for seafood, head over to Doc Magrogan.  The atmosphere was inviting, the food was good, and the company was great.I went with a large group (8 other people). It was extremely crowded when were entered and I worried that we were going to be seated at a cramped table. Imagine my delight when were were instead lead up two flights of stairs into a beautiful, airy, private space that looked like a beach hour straight out of a Restoration Hardware catalog!
The great: Our server was very helpful and made great oyster recommendations.
The Kumamoto and Little Bitch oysters were amazing.
The simply grilled scallops were perfectly prepared.
The sweet potato and crab hash was a generous portion and was also very tasty.
The less great:
The Korean short ribs were flavorful but had very little meat.
We waited about 20 minutes for the first round of drinks. The server apologized and it was clear that they were very busy, but it was a disappointing way to start the meal. But, it may be the price you pay for a great, private, out of the way room.This place has such great deals! I went during happy hours and everything was really cheap! 
With a Yelp check-in, you can get an orange sesame shrimp for free. It was a huge portion as well. It could pass for an entre. Got a beer for $3 and it's pretty decent. We also got the eggplant fries, which was surprisingly good! It came with a cheese dip. That sauce was delicious. 
The best thing was the oyster deal. $1 for an oyster. They did a good job explaining each and every type of the oysters briefly on the menu, including its salinity level, after-taste, origins etc. Personally I would go for a lower salinity level with a sweet finish. 
We ended up paying ~$20 for two people and that portion was enough for the night! That's even cheaper than a Pho at China Town. I would recommend trying this place out during their happy hours!Came here with 3 girlfriends for dinner on Saturday night. The food was great, atmosphere was fun, but what really made dinner that much better was our amazing waiter! He knew the menu, answered every detailed and annoying question we had, and he did it with so much humor and wit that we were laughing the whole entire night! Thanks for such an enjoyable dinner, all around!My second revisit at Doc Magrogan's was absolutely fantastic. And it will NOT be my last. My party and I did NOT get a window seat as I requested when RSVP, but the manager Carlos kindly offered us free dessert. And our waitress gave us helpful suggestions on oysters as it was my first time experiencing this wonderful creature of the sea. 
We enjoyed her service but there is 1 suggestion for her appearance: FINGERNAILS SHOULD BE CLEAN AND NICELY POLISHED with a clear/nude coat of nail polish. Because everyone can notice cracked and black polish even when the lights are dimmed.BRAVO DOCS, BRAVO!!!....Finally a night of consistent fluidity!!!
 The service was awesome, food great, atmosphere on point overall vibe: BEING NO OTHER PLACE!!!! 
tonight, docs got it right all across the board. I'll definitely keep bringing more people. They have proven that they listen, take notes and make changes.....because they care!!!!! 
Thank you for an awesome night!Food was good, but the service was questionable. The waiter either had way too many tables or just wasn't good. He didn't take our drink order until 20 min after we were seated so we just ordered our food at the same time. Unfortunately this didn't speed things along. We got our oysters before our beers and then our food arrived about an hour and 10 min after we arrived. It was only my husband and I so our food shouldn't have taken that long. Probably won't be returning which is unfortunate since the food is good.Although I never heard back from carlos.... I decided to take a buddy to this spot last night---overall we had a good time. The Dj was really in his groove last night. Manager Dave really keeps things moving; Really hands on and has always been fair, so i appreciate that. Again, in my opinion, Docs would really be great, if they were just more consistent and attentive.  You can't beat the pricing. You can't beat the food (when it's consistent).....we're just waiting for the service to catch up. I'll be back :)Went there on a Sunday afternoon as part of an Alex Lemonade stand fund raiser.  More so hit up the bar atmosphere which was fun.  Seems like the little neck clams we tried we fresh.  One of the few place if only like it in U City for seafood.  They had a good beer selection but even better that day for the event.This place is the definition of 4 stars.  The food was great, BUT the pricing was a little high for what you got.  The service was friendly, BUT there were times we waited too long for water, the bill, etc.  The place itself was very nicely put together, BUT our table was wobbly and it did get a bit loud at times.
Went here with a living social deal, always a good start.  Yes the place is pricey, but their happy hour is good and there are less wallet-crushing options to pick from.  As stated above, the food was really good; grilled tuna, seafood pasta, wonderful.
Doc, you're so close to being that go to place.  Someday we'll try you again.  Maybe that fifth star will be yours.
Update:  Who knew the Doc could do brunch?  Well we found out this past Sunday.  Little empty, especially considering a couple places surrounding them obviously had a crowd.  Oh well.  Waiter was really nice and helpful, the food was WOW.  Their brunch menu was thorough and they offered their whole lunch menu, which definitely has some good deals on it for "lunch sized entrees" compared to what they were at dinner hour.  Will be going back when we are in a lunch mood.My flight to Philly ran into snow problems, so I arrived to a pre-interview dinner here tonight for UPenn late. As in the party room had not a single open chair left in it late. But alas, the staff showed me to an open, and quite comfortable tall chair downstairs and made my two hour crash at the bar exactly everything I didn't know I wanted. They booked my hotel with a sweet discount down the street (poof, just wished me a reservation, might be witch craft..might be connections) they brought me whatever they were eating upstairs, and rummaged the kitchen for the tiramisu desert they were out of. 
I failed to eat an oyster, but the tiramisu stuff at the end of my meal was excellent. I had chicken on top of rice and asparagus..some concoction that was on the interview menu. It was the kind of rice you think about later.
The beer selection was nothing special. The first three things I asked for were cashed. Do people really drink cider? Regardless the bar has a unique feels to it. I would sit there again. The dining areas were inviting. 
I liked this place. The staff made the experience worth tapping out this review. Strong work peeps, more of the same!I have only been here for happy hour, but my experiences have been nothing short of perfect, from the management to the staff, always friendly and prompt. If your in the area stop by and grab the tots! Delicious!The food is good here, but waiting for oysters to
come is like watching paint dry -- so slow! I waited 30 min and had to leave.
Update: thanks for the response, Melissa. If you had sent me a private message I could have replied that way, but here are a few more thoughts. My girlfriend and I have come here often for happy hour, and the oysters always seem to take a long time (compared with the service at the Oyster House on Sansom, for instance). I was the only one at the bar when I arrived around 4:15 the other day, yet the oysters never came. Everything else is great if this could just be addressed. Thanks!My goodness!! I'm a foodie, and seafood happens to be one of my favorite cuisines, right underneath Thai food that is. 
I chose the Sunday All You Can Eat Crab Leg buffet for a 3rd date with a new guy I'm seeing. First, the exterior does this place NO justice. It's on a quaint block right next to the popular Mad Mex and it's a gem. Beautifully spacious inside and outdoor seating. (Too bad it wasn't available that day) We got seated and served with water right away. The waiter anticipated what we were there for and put in our orders immediately. He also accommodated my taste in beer with an apology. They were out of Blue moon but luckily Yuengling was in!!
The bowls of crab legs just kept coming!! We didn't need to ask for anything. As soon as we would get down to our last leg, another bowl would appear! The waiter kept returning asking if we were ok and needed anything and our water was refilled. We also had one of the specialty cocktails and I must say for $9 it gave us quite a kick!
We perused through the menu for future visits and everything looked tasty and reasonably affordable. My date even said this place kicked our original date spot to the curb! I'm definitely going back.Their happy hour is pretty good. Wings are AMAZING, calamari is solid, and best of all, buck-a-shuck oysters! $1 for an oyster on the shell. The selection is bit more limited for this price, but frankly I'm not an oyster connoisseur so it all tastes great to me . I haven't tried the regular menu yet, but probably going back a few more times for happy hour.
The service is a bit lacking. Food was slow to come out, and then the waiter seemed to have just forgotten about us after we asked for the check. He apologized, but it was a busy Monday night for me, and the meal had already had taken longer than I expected with the slow service.Great ambiance and food, with an amazing waiter "Jimmy". Lobster and scallops had great favor and presentation