Doma would get 4 stars if not for my reservation hassle.  I called a couple of days prior and got voicemail.  I left a detailed message (name, party size, date, time, etc).  By the next day no one had called me back so I called again and this time was able to make a reservation for 7:30 pm the next day with the hostess.  Or so I thought.  She confirmed my info, explained that if you're late they hold the reservation for 10 minutes blah blah usual stuff.  The next night my friends and I showed up at 7:30pm starving, with wine bottles in hand....but there was no record of my reservation! Great.  The hostess took our name/number and said she'd call when a table opened up.  Good thing Kite & Key is next door because we didn't get that call till almost 9pm.
I was craving Dok Bok Ki and it did not disappoint.  The Korean tacos (with bulgogi) and the agetofu were also delicious. The rolls were solid: no complaints but nothing amazing - although I really liked the crispy sticky rice in the Naked Tuna roll.  It was different than any other roll I've had. For dessert we split the molten lava chocolate cake and the banana tempura thing.  Both were very good but the banana tempura was my favorite. 
I'll give Doma another chance but would go mainly for the non-sushi dishes.I'm so glad this place is right a round the corner.  It's so delicious.
The fish is fresh, the staff are friendly, and the prices are reasonable.  Did I mention that it's a BYOB?  It is.  The only cons, otherwise they would get a full 5 stars, are that it takes a little bit more time to get your food (not excessively long, but it's well worth the wait), also the place is very small.  So if you want space to have some privacy, this is not your place.  All in all, this is my new favorite spot for sushi.  Their fish is perfection!Just had their yellowtail belly and albacore sushi. Best sushi in Philly so far imo...pretty much on par, maybe even better, than Sagami in nj.Best sushi in Philly - without question. Love the medusa and dragon rolls! Shrimp shumai rocks! Lightening fast service and delivery is quick as well. If I ever leave Callowhill I will definitely miss the smiling faces here.No complaints about our recent visit to Doma. The sushi is very fresh, the ambiance is lovely, the service is top-notch, and the menu is really creative. We had several exciting rolls and hand rolls that we had never heard of before - very unique combinations that were all delicious and satisfying. We brought along a big jug of sake and they heated it up for us as much as we wanted. The prices are completely fair for the high quality of sushi here! It's great to have Doma in the neighborhood.A happy medium of Japanese and Korean.  I got my fix of both sushi and bibimbap.  We arrived 30 minutes earlier than reservations and got seated right away, mind you it was a Saturday night.  The place itself is small your most likely to bump into the next table.  The decor is very chic with the clear chopsticks and clear chairs.  Although ,the chopsticks are not useful once your order of bibimbap arrives.  No worries they provide disposable wooden ones.  I'm not sure if the air conditioning in this place is broken or just on low but it was so humid inside.  It made dining a bit uncomfortable.  We ordered the soft shell tempura.  I'm a fan of soft shell anything so this was a hit to me.  I could've ordered a couple more of this dish.  The husband got bulgogi bbq on a stick which he said had nice flavors but portion was small.  We also got the triple spicy tuna roll.  It had a very nice kick to it.  The bibimbap was a bit of a miss.  The flavors was lacking.  It could have used more gochujang sauce.  I'd like to stop by and try the other rolls that sounded amazing.What a great place! The decor is clean and modern and the service is impeccable. They have an Asian fusion menu with some interesting combinations. My favorite was the Hot Stone Bibimbap with spicy pork. WHAT A DISH! I would definitely eat here again!!I'm certainly no sushi aficionado and really only enjoy sushi once in a long while but it was very good. Had the tuna club, bibimbap, and naked salmon rolls. Very unique display for each. Love the creativity. Overall, the sushi was not a home run but definitely intense heavy petting.I love this place. Definitely some of the most inventive sushi creations I've ever seen. I had the hamachi verde which has kiwi and jalapeno and it was unreal. I would go back to Philadelphia just to eat here again.The staff is really friendly , super accommodating and they food is really good and fresh every time . The triple spicy tuna roll is really good!I came here with a group a friends, though the atmosphere was suited better for a date. I ordered sushi and thought the portion size was small. I usually expect 8 pieces of sushi in roll, this place only had 6 pieces. I won't lie the sushi here is definitely good and better than your average sushi place. I gave this place 3 stars because I thought the food is a tad pricey and the service could have been better. I came with a group of 5 people and we were placed at a table for 4 only. During the dinner we were cramped for table space and seat spaceThis is a little (literally... the place is pretty tiny) gem in the hood... very, very reasonably priced, fast service, and delicious sushi.  What more could a girl want??
There is nothing I love more than a good BYOB and this one doesn't disappoint.  The sushi is slammin, and won't break the budget like some other BYOB sushi joints in the area, and good for date night or a spontaneous casual dinner.  
The servers are super friendly and I've never had a problem getting a table here.Thank you YELP!!!!  I would have never found this place without you.. Great new restaurant in the Art Museum area- plenty of parking on Callowhill- we're off to a good start!! The restaurant is small with super modern decor. Lots of clean lines, light wood, silver accents- its screaming modern and clean. I wanted to run home and redecorate my entire house in Japanese decor..
Service was attentive with prompt refills of green tea (yum!) and water. Our server was definitely working overtime and earning more than his fair share of tip. We started out with the dragon and salmon roll with mango. Both were delicious!! The dragon roll still had that yummy warmness from the eel being cooked and the salmon was super fresh. Didn't run into problems with huge cumbersome pieces of sushi.
We also ordered the beef and egg bibimbap (my new obsession- Korean food). I've only had bibimbap once and it was awesome. This wasn't nearly as awesome but still good!  For dessert we split the banana tempura with green tea- soo good!!! Deep fry anything and it tastes good..
There's plenty of different options on the menu ranging from bento boxes to sushi to dishes like pork tonkatsu and a few Korean dishes thrown in as well. Sounds random but it worked for us!!!Love this little piece of sushi restaurant heaven.
Doma is a byob on callowhill's restaurant row and provides some delightful speciality rolls.  Great spot to go with friends or on a date.  All plates are easy to share.  However, fighting over the last piece is sure to happen; my advice, be the bigger person and let the other person enjoy.  :-)2.8
We have been spoiled in the Bay Area. This place looked adorable from the curb, and was close-by to the Sheraton for a nice evening stroll. But, for us, the place looked better than the food tasted.
Cute and charming, small space, but done warmly, and well.
Ordered agedashi tofu and 2 specialty rolls that averaged about $15 each. Believe the names were island and double spicy tuna roll. Rice not fluffy enough and the pieces were sliced unevenly. Overall taste was just average for the price charged. As well, agedashi tofu could have held much more flavor, and had a more delicate fry and fluffiness to the protein.
Don't think we would come back for another visit, cuz we are here for a bit. For $40, just a bit disappointed overall in the quality of the food.This is a very cozy, beautiful, and modern-looking sushi/Japanese-Korean fusion restaurant. This BYOB offers a wide selection of sushi, sashimi, and colorful combo platters to choose from, as well as a good selection of appetizers and entrees. Though we didn't order any appetizers, I noticed that they had some items that I don't typically see at other restaurants, like okonomyiaki. The sushi is very tasty - maybe not Morimoto-quality, but for the much more affordable price tag, it is very good sushi. I tried the hamachi verde and naked tuna tartare. Both were very delicious, but I will need to go back to try some other signature rolls. 
Sometimes, i judge places by their choice of bathroom decor, and the bathroom in this place is simply gorgeous. After all, if a place can't keep a clean bathroom, then how can they keep a clean kitchen? The staff is friendly, and though the restaurant is small, there are several types of seating to choose from. While it wasn't busy when we came in, I would highly recommend reservations. But if you can't make it in for dinner, they also offer lunch and take-out.Very nice and cozy place.Their bentos are really good,especially a kalbi one. Prices are reasonable and the stuff is very friendly. Loved their free green and black rice tea a lot!We were visiting Philly for the weekend and stayed at the nearby Embassy Suites and we needed a nearby and reasonably quick place to have a meal with 2 kids. Our kids love noodles.
The place is relatively small and not the most kid friendly place. There are no high chairs and everything is stylish but all seemed very fragile. However, the staff were very accommodating and gave us a stack of napkins for our 2 year old to sit on and we always bring our own kid utensils so it worked out nicely.
The kids had a nebeyaki udon and it was plenty for the 2 of them to share and they loved it. Like others, we were disappointed that the pork belly tacos were no longer being offered. The bulgogi tacos were very good as a substitute. The doma roll was also not quite what we expected even though it was exactly how it was described on the menu. Maybe it was just not our thing.
Overall, we were very happy with the restaurant and would consider going again if we were in the area again in the future.Had spicy garlic edamame, mushroom steam bin, Rachel roll, spicy tuna, tempura philly roll, tuna avocado, and the naked tuna. The special rolls, edamame and buns were 5/5, would have given it a 4/5 because of price and bland regular rolls but we knew the prices going in so that would bE unfair. Cool atmosphere though, recommendedDoma serves high quality seafood, and it's clear that's their claim to fame.  That said, you definitely pay for it here...it's not one of those unassuming "woah" type joints.  I ordered the sashimi deluxe, and at around $30, it's the most I've paid on the east coast for some pretty standard offerings. 
Sashimi came with maguro, hamachi, sake, a white fish, ankimo, uni, and one other that I don't recall.  While these were all high quality, fresh pieces, with the exception of the last two they're pretty standard fare, and with a "deluxe" option I expect to see some of the more exotic choices.  Still, for the quality, they deserve 4*.  
Not much else to say here.  Maybe if you sat at the bar, you'd get some more of the sushi tsu-type offerings, but otherwise be prepared for a quality, though common, meal.The naked tuna roll is horrible. It is stacked on top of something that tastes like cardboard. The sashimi appetizer was not fresh at all. We sat next to the kitchen and had to deal with the awful smell coming from the kitchen all night. I have had much better sushi at other places. Fat Salmon, Kai, and Vic's are much better.My Favorite Roll: Omakase!!;)
Honorable Mention: Sunomono, Hamachi Crudo, Triple Spicy Double Tuna, Medusa, Lobster Tempura, Hamachi Verde, Hwe Dup Bap & Bibimbap (not sushi) (BYOB!!! Closed Monday & decent $) I'd like to deduct a star because they don't make the Omakase for take out, but I'll take the high road:/Hands down one of the best Sushi places to eat in Philly. Loved the Korean tacos and the steamed buns.Since my last update, we have been to Doma 3 or 4 times including New Year's Eve (amazing) and last night just me and my 6 year old.
She ate 2 orders of Shrimp Shumai. and a bunch of edamame.
And then she said, "Mommy, I don;t want any chocolate lava cake this time".
Smart kid.
I had the Naked Salmon roll (sans jalapenos) and it was so good, I ordered a second one.
And that was it.
2 rounds of Shumai 'n salmon.
And we were stuffed.
Dan & the guys are so great with my little one.  She loves to sit at the high-top tables in the back.  (I prefer the regular tables, but I was out voted.)
Oh - and if you go to DOMA - save room for dessert (if you can).  The mochi-coated strawberries dipped in fudge and chocolate lava cake (sounds trite - but they make a good one) are amazing.We've eaten here twice. The first time, we ordered their sashimi specials including giant clam and scallop. lovely presentation in the shell. Fresh and delicious. I also ordered the sea urchin -- it was sweet and not overly pungent. The second time we tried their stone pot Bi Bim Bop. High quality, reasonably sized portions. Doesn't quite stick to the ribs as in some places, and the kim chi is extra. This bi bim bop is more upscale, less comfort food. Recommend. Staff was friendly both times.After a long day of pseudo-studying paired with a few glasses of wine, myself and some of my friends headed to Domo on a "we want sushi and sake" whim.  It was kind of a bummer when we found that it was BYOB, but I guess that fault lies on our shoulders- we know to check before we go.
Very cute place, the decor is interesting, in a good way.  For such a small place it felt both warm and open.  The waitstaff were very nice and attentive, but not too attentive.  I got the miso soup, a spicy crunchy tuna roll and a sweet potato tempura roll.  I was a little underwhelmed by the sushi.  Not that it was bad by any means, it was just a little bland, which may have been my choices.  I usually get spicy tuna... this one just didn't pop to me.
Going back, I'd like to try some of the entrees on the menu, and next time I'll be sure to bring a bottle of sake.Excellent sushi. Signature rolls are delicisous and expertly created. Found my favorite sushi spot in Philly!I don't have a ton of Philadelphia sushi experience but have been here and to Umai-Umai and prefer Doma.  The sushi at Doma is every bit as good, the prices are more reasonable, the waitstaff friendlier, and they have good Korean food too.
I adored my bibimbop - vegetarian.  They have saba, which is hard to find on menus these days.  My friends had the fried tofu, which were light little pillows.  It was so good they had a second order.  Everything is super fresh.  My dragon roll was great, tightly rolled.  I like the presentation here, the food is beautiful but in a very simple way.  They let the fresh items speak for themselves and don't have to go wild with fancy placement or crazy artistry.  
I was expecting a little hole in the wall dive.  Which would have been fine too.  But instead it was a chic little nook.  Sleek yet unpretentious.  This will be our go to sushi place.  
I need a little more experience with sushi in Philly to know if this place is 5-star compared to elsewhere; it very well may be.My husband and I have always loved the sushi here but so disappointed in their service tonight :(. Used to live in the area and spent a number of special occasions dining at Doma...tonight drove an hour to have an anniversary dinner and they said the sushi bar was closed - 35 minutes before closing time!  So disappointed, just think that's poor service.Outstanding place - a great find in the Museum area.  Relatively small, but great food and service.  They offer takeout, too.  If you like sushi, don't miss this place.What I got: Sashimi deluxe ($30) and a separate order of fatty tuna ($8). Take-out.
Benchmarks: Fuji (PHL), Sushi Yoshida (NYC) , Sushi of Gari (NYC)
Doma is a stone's throw from me, so I did a take-out. Since I provided my own soy (an import from Japan which went through a 2 year process) and rice (import from Japan, Sasanishiki from Niigata, cooked in a top of the line IH rice cooker), actual experience at restaurant may be different.
Sashimi plate was a 16 piece deal consisting of tuna (probably blue fin), salmon, whitefish (probably rockfish?), managatsuo (white tuna), yellowtail and another tuna (probably mebachi). This is on par with Fuji, but lags behind my NYC benchmarks by far. I would prefer a sashimi plate from Mitsuwa (Edgewater) over this.
The separate order of fatty tuna (o-toro) was not impressive. Perhaps better than Fuji, but it is a cut from a very fibrous part of the fish. It's definitely not from harakami-ichiban - probably from the kama section. This section requires careful aging to make it edible (aging sometimes amplifies the strong fishy tones). They certainly didn't do a good job.Everytime I dine here, I have a good time. The waiters are quick with the service and will try to answer all the questions you have about the menu or explain each dish. 
App-Tuna Yook Hwe - has a combo of tuna, greens and some has brown looking thing and they told us to each of the components altogether. This combo was very refreshening and I will get it again. The soy sauce tuna tartar was not too salty or saucy so i liked it even more.
App-Pork belly bun & Spicy pork bun - I liked the spicy pork bun more than the pork belly. The spicy pork is sweeter than the pork belly which was more bland of course yet tender. One order comes with 2 buns and you can mix the meat you like (which is how we got the two).
Sushi- Triple Spicy Double Tuna - The seared albacore on top and the spiciness makes this this signature roll really different and unique. I loved how the soft tuna inside the roll has a total different texture from the harder albacore. I'm pretty good with spicy food and at first I didn't think the rolls were spicy but it def hit the spice level when I was working on the last few pieces. I will get this again and recommend it. 
Last time I was here, the Medusa roll was veryyyyyy good. I wanted to try new things which is why I didn't get the medusa before. My friend had the toro scallion which apparently is fatty salmon (according to my friend). I wasn't used to this fatty portion and wasn't the biggest fan of the clumpy texture, but def worth trying it if you are for new things :) 
Doma is my favorite sushi place in the city. It's BYOB, price isn't crazy compared to other places (prob avg and similar to other places) and MAKE A RESERVATION BEFORE YOU GO! 
I'll be back soon~I'm giving this sushi spot 4 stars bc they have very reasonable prices for their rolls and very creative ones too with mango and other items. I had there specialty roll (the Yukuza) which was filled w soft shell crabs and topped off w even more. Very delicious ... And this is a byob venue! So remember to bring a bottle or two.
I didn't give it 5 stars bc the food was yummy but mind blowing and the service was just ok since I had to ask for help often and he forgot my hot sauce I requested. I wish they just offered more.  Also food takes for ever here which I was surprised by.My sushi spot in Philly and my second date with my wife. It is small and warm. I love coming here for a date or with a group of friends. It is good for a group up to ten, otherwise it is just too small.  The sushi is great for the price. But the fried banana is wat I write home about.The sushi and entrees are delicious and affordable. He ambience is great - great for intimate dinner for two or a medium-sized group. I've been a few times and haven't ordered anything that I didn't like.Doma has made me a Sushi convert!  The sushi is consistently good whether eating there or taking out.  They really do deserve 5 stars, but there are just two things that knock them down a peg:
1.  The wife and I come here just about every week.  Being a small business supporter I would hope that they recognize those customers who are loyal.  Every week we come and every week they pretend like they don't notice.  We tip well!
2.  The high tables.  I'm sure this is done for effect and perhaps some people like them, but I cringe when we are sat there.
Again, really great Sushi and food!  Try it, you won't regret it.This is the best sushi place in Philadelphia area. We have tried many many others but we keep going back to Doma. Great staff, great sushi!finally some amaaazing japanese food! 4.5 stars for excellent efficient service and a quality meal. the hamachi appetizer is our usual go-to and it was very tasty! loved the fresh jalapeno and cilantro on top but we missed the grated daikon that it comes with at other places however the generous hamachi slices made up for everything. 
the side salad with my meal was perfectly refreshing with its ponzu dressing. my "sashimi regular" was the best part of the night! it had amazing quality slices of fish with our favorites being the albacore tuna and the salmon that just melted in your mouth. the striped bass was refreshing and a nice contrast to everything else. love their knife skills on the sashimi.. everything was perfect about this dish except i wish i had more! the wasabi had slices of green onion in it which was different but didn't add much for us and we ended up having to mput more wasabi than usual in our soy sauce to get the usual kick we desire.
bf had a standard miso soup and kalbi entree. the quality and grill of the kalbi was on point but just a tad lacking in flavor from what our spoiled fatty tastebuds are used to from back home.  
it's BYO, casual environment, and clean. the walls aren't buffered with sound absorbing textures so it can get very loud --not the ideal place for a quiet romantic dinner if that's what you're looking for. i can't wait to come back and try more sashimi and try out a bunch of rolls. prices are fair considering the quality of the fish for Philly having been disappointed by the small amount of Japanese offerings around here. this is officially our go-to spot for Japanese in Philly :DSushi lovers: be alarmed if you have yet to discover the secret world of doma. Perfect combo of Korean BBQ and sushi- the rolls never disappoint. Large selection and have everything for even the pickiest sushi eater. Start your meal with the tuna flat bread.... So good I dream about it. Medusa roll never disappoints, and I am personally a huge fan of the naked salmon. Bring an abundance of wine- nothing about this place makes you ever want to leave. $35 a person give or take... And well worth every penny.Amazing sushi!!! And great service for us!!!!!!
Super great! The chefs choice sushi dish was amazing, they picked very delicious and very easy to eat items. It was a great experience:)Doma!!!!
What a treat to be able to dine here again.
Tonight re-affirmed that Doma is one of the best restaurants in the city.
It's my fave and my 9 year kid (who has been coming here since age 3 or 4) loves it too and scarfs down salmon sushi, edamame and her favorite - BIG shrimp shumai.
I had a delectable Kalbi dinner with 9 large pieces of tender, juicy short-ribs.
DH had a variety of sushi including our love - the Naked Salmon.  (try this!!)
Thank you DOMA (and Pat and staff) for wonderful food and service for all these years - and hopefully many more.
We love you!! (And we miss you - now that we are out in the 'burbs.)Excellent sashimi! Great service and great food! Extremely fresh with great presentation. No liquor license which was fine with us. The appetizer of marinated short rib charred on skewer was a 10 out of 10!!!! Best sushi in PhillyDoma is consistently delicious. The triple spicy tuna roll, sashimi sundae, and island roll are my go to favorites. Always a plus to BYO.I'd say more like 3.5 stars but there are some key dishes and the service is incredibly kind, so I'll round up to 4. 
My friend and I actually first tried Doma in 2012, but I still remember eating the naked salmon sushi. That's how amazing it was! It has crunchy rice topped with spicy salmon and jalapeño. So obviously we ordered it again and it was just as I remembered. 
Unfortunately the spicy tuna fell flat for me. It was more filler than tuna and as a result, kinda dry and flavorless. My friend got the eel cucumber avocado roll and it looked alright. I'd like to try the chirashi one day but I'd stick with things they're more popularly known for, like the naked sushi.
I also got a dish from the specials, which was a salmon hot stone bibimbap. It was basically bibimbap topped with raw salmon and it was delicious. It comes with a gochujang sauce to mix in and the rice gets crunchy and delicious. It's a little pricy, but I'm always willing to pay a little more for a hot stone pot.
Our server was incredibly sweet and the atmosphere is nice and clean. Overall, a bit pricy for what you get, but they offer a large variety of Japanese and Korean food. Good for dates! BYOB.The first thing I noticed was the rice on the sushi - it was awesome. The sashimi was good, rolls were good.  Lobster roll was too cooked.  Edimame was awesome tasty with garlic and hot sauce!  Beef was a little fatty.  Don't forget to BYOB...Excellent food, service, and atmosphere.  I was in town on business and saw positive Yelp reviews.  Didn't dissapointCame here last night for dinner for the first time- felt a little cold (to be fair it was really cold outside), hip bright colored interior. This is a korean japanese restaurant owned by Koreans. There was a table of basic yoga chicks next to us eating rolls. They seemed happy. Husband and I got: korean tacos, tuna pizza, mushroom steamed buns, a seafood tofu soup special, agedashi tofu, and an otoro sashimi. Everything was good and flavorful, they can adjust spicy level according to your preference. The korean stuff is great for a cold night!Doma claims to serve Japanese and Korean cuisine, but its menu is certainly Japanese-heavy.  Nevertheless, it was an oddly cold spring evening and I was craving dolsot bibimbap (Korean dish of rice served on a hot stone pot to create the requisite crunchy cooked rice feel).  I also figured that since it was my first time there, I should try something that would be hard to screw up.... and thankfully they didnt screw it up.  (If you do order it, beware: your clothes will smell smokey.  The strong aroma produced by the steam of the hot stone pot combined with the Korean hot pepper paste has permeated my clothes and Febreze will not neutralize that smell.)
Upon perusing the menu, I was pleased that the Zoma had a focused menu and that it didnt emphasize the "experimental" Asian (con)fusion concoctions that other places will prepare to appeal to a "broader" audience.   Of course, if I wanted better Korean food, I would have explored the enclave of reputable Korean establishments in North Philly, but suffice to say that this was a decent place for my neighborhood.   No panchan (variety of small Korean hors d'oeuvres that precede main meals) is served here.  
I found the modern interior of the restaurant appealing.  There is a bar/counter area that accommodates 3-4 guests.  There also appears to be a private area for larger parties that can accommodate up to 8 guests.  
Service, on a whole could be improved.... my water glass was not filled immediately and upon indicating the lack of water, I had to repeat my requests.  Specials were not announced automatically by the person who took my order.  The requested check/bill was not brought over promptly. 
Will I come back here?  Sure, why not?  Next time, to try the Japanese side of the menu.Delicious Sushi, Reasonably Priced.  One of my favorites in the City.  BYOB is a plus.This place is like any other sushi place but has more korean flair to their menu. (See: dok bok ki, bo ssam, bibimbab, etc) It definitely adds more spice in a good kind of way. Great list of hot/cold appetizers and the entree selections were also very diverse. I definitely took some time reading every page of the menu! If my tummy allowed it to happen, I could have had just about everything on the menu. Everything seems interesting and delicious fo sho!
So, when the time came, we ordered what sounded most interesting. Jenny K. ordered spider roll with soft shell crab and salmon teriyaki. Teejay S. ordered spicy pork gyoza salad and steamed pork belly bun. I ordered 3 pcs of nigiri(uni, ama ebi and saba) and nabe udon. I know, my order is not really interesting but it's what I order at every Japanese restaurant to taste the best of both worlds - kitchen food and sushi bar food, I'd like to call it.
So. from above dishes, I definitely enjoyed the nigiri pieces. Saba seemed like it was cooked just right and uni wasn't runny - somewhat fresh. Ama ebi was also very firm and tasted fresh, surprisingly. However, all the other dishes were kind of meh-. The spider roll was kind of soggy in the middle? It was a bit spicy which was a nice touch. Salmon teriyaki...I know this will make me sound like a complete jerk but the presentation was totally off. Teriyaki sauce on the plate was really watery and wasn't too appealing to eyes. Spicy pork gyoza salad was an interesting dish. The spicy asian slaw went well with gyoza but the gyozas were deep fried. Very crunchy and....oily! Also, the steamed pork belly bun was a bit of disappointment as the bun kind of tasted of flour? Then there's my nabe udon. I've never had a nabe udon with shrimp tempura. The purpose of nabe udon is to concentrate on the chicken and the egg deal, I think. The presentation was very pleasing but the udon wasn't really impressive either.
Now, I will totally go back again and again until I find something that works for me - just because this restaurant is so darn cute and it's a BYOB! I love, love, loveeee the decor. One negative side about decor - where is the sushi bar? There definitely is a sushi bar but there are no chairs for the sushi bar... bummers!
I really can't wait until I go back and eat something amazing and bump up the rating. I am so happy to have Doma in the neighborhood anyway!On a work project in Philadelphia and in need of aYelp inspired lunch choice for our crew of 8. Everyone was game for sushi... The die was cast and Domo was our target.
A short walk from Franklin Institute and we were welcomed and quickly seated, presented with menu and we were off and running. Doma is a modestly sized restaurant, maybe 13 tables, yet not squeezed together like NYC
The menu is tantalizing broad & creative selections of Asian fare. Our group is as diverse in personalities as in food priorities and we traversed Doma's menu and ordered across the board, not missing a nuance.
When presented with our lunch, they were visually beautiful as much as delicately tasteful.
Our "Road Warriors"... veterans of many a sushi city and countries, were all impressed, delighted and satisfied. Cause after all, this restaurant review thing is all about getting satisfied, isn't it ?
Doma is that... Satisfying, but with many subtleties and wonderfully tasteful surprises.
When in Philadelphia... 
                                      Get Thee to DomaUpgrading to FIVE STARS,
Went back to Doma for a pre-theater dinner with a girlfriend. I told her how amazing my first experience at Doma was, and kept buzzing about how fab it will be.
AND IT WAS DELICIOUS!!!
We had the tuna flatbread and edamame for appetizer. The flatbread was amazing: we will be making this at home. It is an unexpected combination of tortilla, spicy mayo, guacamole, fresh slices of tuna, topped with shavings of red onion, a sliver of jalapeño and a tiny sprig of cilantro The edamame was perfectly steamed and seasoned.
For the main course we ordered the triple spicy double tuna roll (still fab!) the Yakuza roll :fried shrimp tempura with spicy mayo and other ingredients (amazing) and the Ooki eel and avocado roll (abs delicious).
No room for dessert. Make your way here -  you will not be sorry. Bring a bottle of your favorite libation, enjoy your meal, your company, and just enjoy life.Doma has become one of my favorite little neighborhood spots in Fairmount.  They skirt the curve a bit in that they don't use opentable for reservations however they do take them and are really great about calling you back to confirm.
I love that their menu is an eclectic combination of Korean and Japanese which makes it a great date spot for picky eaters who are not into raw fish.  Steamed buns or Korean Tacos + Sushi anyone?  
Their beef bi bim bop is one of my favorites.  The bowl comes out sizzling and crisps the rice at the bottom.  The only dish that I have not liked here has been the seafood version of this delight.
Sushi wise their BLT role also makes a really great starter.  Packed with a large portion of fish and avocado.  Their Chirashi entree is also the best that I've had in town as it has really large pieces and great variety for the money.I have only been here once but was over-the-moon impressed. We took a nice walk along the Schuylkill River Trail to find ourselves in Fairmount Park on a Sunday night. This restaurant came up as I scavenged through Yelp reviews. 
First off, the restaurant decor is modern-looking and festive. Just the right amount of hanging lamps and glass chairs. It's strange, but even the bathroom here is beautifully decorated and kept clean. I really like the waiters, not too pushy and full of recommendations. Our glasses were always refilled but I didn't feel like someone was hovering above us to clear the table.
There is a wide selection of specialty sushi rolls on this menu. If you are looking for the $5-8 rolls or cheap deals, this isn't that sort of place. The specialty rolls run at $13-15 each but they are really worth the price, super filling with about 9 pieces. We got the ISLAND ROLL, MEDUSA ROLL, and DOUBLE SPICY TUNA plus SEAWEED SALAD and MISO SOUP appetizer for 2 ppl. We left just the right kind of full and in the best mood. 
I will definitely be coming back here with family and friends. Since the restaurant is small, I would recommend a reservation on Friday and Saturday evenings. Next time, I will bring my own wine as it is BYOB.Ughhh...get it together yelp. This was the worst sushi ive had in a long time. I was so excited to eat here..various yelp threads ive read praise this place to end of the world and back. 
We ordered 5 rolls..so we sampled alot of different things...and when the california is the best, and by a wide margin, something is wrong. Service was fine..lol..but everything was fishy, sopped in sauces, with ridiculous amounts of rice. The novelty tuna club was a glorified rice sandwhich. Ill stick to almost anywhere else...im still just so disappointed w how bad it was.After taking my first bite of the Dom Bok Ki (don't ask... just get it!) at Doma last night, my first thought was 'why don't we come here more often???'  I love Doma - from the inviting, warm, minimal modern atmosphere to the easy parking to the creative half-korean/half-sushi menu - and vow to start coming here more often!  We loved the triple-spicy-double-tuna roll and the naked salmon roll (served on top of an amazing crisp fried rice cake) - and especially the Dom Bok Ki appetizer, which is hard to describe - but I have dreams about the spicy sweet sauce that comes with these funky ricey treats. My only criticism is that due to the small size, there is no sushi bar seating... and you can't really see the fish/sushi preparation.We had an event at the Franklin Institute and since we hadn't tried this place, we decided to give it a try. Making a reservation was easy-peasy! I was disappointed that I did not know that this is a BYOB, otherwise I would have come prepared with a bottle to go with the fabulous food.
The service was quick and the food was so so good! We had the korean tacos and steamed buns to begin with. They let us choose a different meat (pork and bulgogi) for each taco and bun, which was amazing because we got to try both. Both were amazing, though the bun-to-filling ratio was more bun-heavy and thus a little doughy for my taste. We also tried the naked tuna, that was AMAZING!! They also served a spicy, sticky, sweet sauce, and I loved it a lot. After I told our server that the sauce was amazing, she gave me some sauce to go home with! That's the extent of their great service! The portion sizes were huge, so we ended up not getting a dish - turned out to be a good deal for us. Definitely cannot wait to go back with a nice bottle of wine!
I also saw a couple people come by for their pick up order. Sad that Doma is not in my neighborhood - could definitely see it being a staple.Yet another fantastic sushi place in the city and the topping on the cake being the BYOB.  
We tarted with the Sunday sashimi and it was fantastic.
The next we tried was the Korean Taco soft taco with spicy asian slaw, and with bulgogi. It had amazing flavors,a tad but sweet, but really delicious.
The 3rd came the Medusa shrimp tempura, avocado spicy sprouts, spicy mayo lump crab salad, wasabi mayo, red tobiko scallion, one of the best of our dinner, definitely to be tried.
The Sashimi Regular assorted 10 piece assortment of sashimi, the best of which was the Chilean bass which will make you forget a cooked bass and you will always want to it in a sashimi style.
This was followed by a sinfully delectable dessert banana tempura with a. Chocolate caramel drizzle with vanilla ice cream and trust me this was a sinful dessert which you cannot skip. The perfect end to a perfectly delicious dinner.
We had a light Rise wine from the Mendocino county California which complimented our dinner.
Any sushi lover must give this place a try not once but many more times.
Just one negative thing about our evening was some rude, loud female with no consideration for others, so hope you don't get her company when you are at Doma the next time.
We will be there soon to enjoy the many other dishes they offer!!It was raining pretty hard when we got here, so I didn't get a chance to take my usual photo of the outside so I settled for a pic of the sushi chefs at work. I was excited for this Korean-Japanese fusion (not the usual fusion, but more of a modern take on things).
we started off with the kalbi skewers because I was craving some Korean BBQ. I was hoping for more than 2 skewers but the marinade was your typical korean bbq. yum!
This has got to be one of my favorite dish of all times, so any time I see rock shrimp tempura on the menu, I have to order it. I don't know if this one has the same caliber as Pod or Morimoto, but it was prepared well and tasted great.
I was expecting a lot for this roll but the lobster flavor was completely lost. I do love soybean paper wrap.
The medusa roll has shrimp tempura, avocado, spicy sprouts, and spicy mayo on the inside, with the lump crab salad, wasabi mayo, red tobiko, scallion on the outside.  This was by far my favorite roll of the night. It was delicious and had great texture on the tongue.
I was not a fan of the triple spicy double tuna which had tuna, spicy sauce, siracha, tempura crunch, and scallion on the inside with seared albacore, simichi pepper and sweet glaze on the outside. I don't know what it was about this roll, the flavor would not settle on my tongue. I definitely was getting the heat, but not in a good way.
Since I had only enjoyed one of the three rolls we had, I ordered the island roll right before the kitchen closed for the night. The island roll has salmon, spicy aioli, tempura crunch, with mango and wasabi tobiko. This roll saved my night. It was delicious and the mango added a very refreshing factor to it. A very nice way to end the night.Please note - this is a review of Doma's sushi only.  And it is not good.
I just don't understand the measuring stick others are using to judge the sushi at this place.  I could not have been more underwhelmed.  And I was dying to LOVE this for many reasons; BYOB for one, in my 'hood, nice decor, and stellar reviews.
What I found was courteous albeit slow slow slow service (w/ only a few tables of diners and 3 chef's behind the sushi bar it took 45 min. to get our first order) then it went down hill from there.
Bland bland bland is the overriding theme of the night.  Starting with the soy sauce - not very complex or flavorful except for the heavy emphasis on vinegar.  The wasabi, I could have eaten it alone and not felt any heat or flavor for that matter.  Then the fish and rolls - yes the texture spoke of freshness, but the flavors were completely lacking.  Both for the fish itself and for the rolls we had. 
So on I march for my favorite sushi bar in the city......Fresh, well executed.  Small place with nice staff, fantastic tacos.   Will return.Came here last night with a couple of girlfriends and the end result? Already looking for an excuse to go back!
On a whim, we called around 8:00pm on a Saturday night, looking for a table for three, and we got a reservation for 9:30pm. The restaurant is on the same block as Kite and Key, so if there is a wait, you can always pop over there for a drink. 
From the decor to the service to the food, everything here was well above par. The place was busy when we walked in for our reservation, but we were seated within five minutes, water was delivered, our wine (it's a BYO!) was opened and we got the run down on the specials, promptly. 
After we had ordered, we got back to our conversation. After not that long at all, out waiter brought over edamame, apologizing for the delay in the food - which none of us had noticed, but we'll certainly take the edamame, thank you very much. 
I ordered the special soft shell crab roll - which literally melted in my mouth - soo good. Our table had ordered a selection of rolls everyone was happy with their meal. 
Afterwards, our waiter asked us if we'd like to try the mochi strawberries, to which we said "bring it on!", as well as an order of the chocolate lava cake, because, heck, why not? The mochi presented a bit of a texture thing that some of us had to get over, but once you did, it was strangely addictive - and came with a chocolate dipping sauce. 
Doma offers, hands down, the best sushi I've had in a long time, and is more affordable than the other places out there (especially as a BYO).They are amazing!! First visit to Philly and first sushi bar to taste!!! They DO NOT provide their own alcohol but they suggest for you to bring your own in. Great family, casual setting with FRESH amazing tastes of all sorts of dishes!!!I have been here multiple times and I feel it is necessary to share the wonderful experiences I've had. First off, the place is small yet wisely laid out so you don't feel overwhelmed (mind you I have only been for lunch for what that's worth). The ambience is quite nice as the owners have obviously taken the time to decorate in a classy yet not over the top way. But honestly, I couldnt give two shits about ambience, just throwing it out there for those that may be interested. What I care about is the food and nothing more (unless im paying for a total experience, ie fine dining). Waiters were polite, attentive and helpful, as I was not familiar with many of the dishes.
I realize Im rambling so let me get to it. You HAVE to try the korean tacos, specifically the spicy pork. They are delicious because they have the perfect mix of korean flavors and mexican/latin flavors. The cilantro provides a distinct flavor which goes so well with the kimchi and spicy pork. I cannot stress enough how good these are. If you have any reservations about the korean taco, keep in mind these have been replicated throughout the city and any real foodie will tell you Doma has the vest. Also recommend the tempura jalapeno stuffed with tuna and cream cheese. I know it may sound odd but the flavors are so great and diverse that you will thank me later. That's all for now because im writing this review on my DROID and its a pain in the ass.Nice atmosphere and vibe. I ordered the spider roll and the triple double spicy tuna as well as the octopus ceviche. There was barely any wait to get our food and the waiters were friendly. It was a great experience !This is such a great place. There is hardly anything I dislike about this restaurant. I'd recommend rock shrimp tempura, tuna flatbread, korean tacos with bulgogi, medusa roll, yakuza roll, chocolate cake and fried banana. You really can't go wrong with any of these choices. It's all just soo good.Last weekend was my 2nd visit to Doma.  The first was on a suggestion by another yelp elite'r several months ago.  Clearly we liked it enough to return!  Truth be told, my first visit was a 5 star one, and the 2nd was 3-4.
Lets start with ambiance:  4/5. This place is so teeny tiny and the tables quite close together.  however, it feels legit cozy and when its busy, you appreciate having a table at all!  First visit, the place was slam packed.  This 2nd one wasnt as insane but was getting there was we left. 
Menu: 5/5 - great things to pick from even for us vegetarians.  There were plenty of regular menu items AND specials for the veg-heads out there.  We tried the mushroom bao buns (always get the bao buns), tempura, bimibap (forgive the spelling) roll, and the tofu salad.  I love salads in general but extra loved this one with avocado, seaweed salad, tofu, etc and a great sesame dressing.  The bimbibap (still wrong) roll was ok but not thrilling. My dining partners tried a variety of other rolls which were a huge hit for them.  The triple double tuna was a favorite of the pescatarians at the table.
Service: 5/5.  This place is BYOB (come prepared) and as soon as we were sat, they brought us glasses, opened up the red to breath, and brought a bucket for the bubbles.  Service was very good from there forward. 
Overall, I would definitely return for round 3!I've been here at least a dozen times since Doma opened a few years back. The food and service have always been excellent. While the sushi is not the best in the city (it is up there though), when you combine it with the other Korean influenced dishes it can't be beat. The biminbob bowls are awesome. If you haven't tried them, it is a must. A heavy heated iron bowl with various ingredients that cook at your table. The Korean tacos are another of my favorites. As a BYO, I usually bring a saki, white wine or soju.Real nice place. Very fresh, tasty sushi. Minimalist decor. Penn students at the next table drinking expensive champagne on a Wednesday. Just because. What a city.Easily my favorite place to get sushi in the city. Fish is always very fresh and the prices are very affordable. The shrimp dumplings are some of the best dumplings I've ever had. The medusa and triple spicy sushi rolls are both favorites of mine.
 The restaurant is small and not to noisy providing a great atmosphere. BYOB always helps as well!
I've been here half a dozen times now and this place never fails to satisfy my sushi cravings. Also remember to pay in cash and get a 10% discount .Let me start off by saying that the server was incredibly cute and polite. The atmosphere is also very modern. I really like this place, although it is a bit pricey. I got the uni trio, which was very beautifully made and interesting to try. I enjoyed it. I also got the pachinko roll and doma roll. I really loved the pachinko roll since it had fruit on it (mango and kiwi). However, I think the doma roll got boring quickly, probably because I had mostly raw stuff. I tried my friend's yakuza roll, which was cooked and delicious. What I took from this experience is that it is better to get a variety of rolls and share, since some rolls can become a bit boring to eat after so many pieces.Came here for a birthday dinner and was not disappointed. The sushi was outstanding (triple spicy tuna yas queen), also tuna sashimi was fresh. I ate so much I had to lay down for the rest of the night but it was so worth it. Fried jalapeño poppers and spicy garlic edamame are a MUST. They were so extremely accommodating and happy to celebrate a birthday. I recommend this place for anyone wanting an authentic sushi experience in Philly!Love the place and sushi here!!
Crispy tofu for appetizer, California roll, avacado cucumber roll for main course and banana tempura for dessert...simply delicious.
Have tried this place few times and just love the food here. Have also tried bento box lunch special which is quite filling as well. 
Never had issues getting a table..15-20 mins wait maybe.I like Doma don't get me wrong, the sushi is very good, however I have one qualm. The sushi is very ordinary! Ive been to a lot of different sushi restaurants in the city and they always seem to have something original that no one else on the planet can offer. Doma offers a very nice selection of sushi but I feel like i could get the same sushi else where. The rolls aren't that imaginative. 
The one plus is the atmosphere and service! both top notch!!Pretty good sushi place in the Fairmount area. It's a small location, so I'd recommend you get a reservation. The sushi was fresh and the rolls were relatively innovative, I just wish that they were bigger (most of the rolls only came with 6 pieces).  Also, the service left something to be desired (not very personable). All in all, it's pretty good, but I think there are better sushi options in the city (Vic sushi, Fat Salmon, Osaka). If you're in the area though, this is definitely a good spot.The place looks like a stephen starr place real white  and yuppie like. The sushi is way over priced no saki Boo !place is so uptight feeling . Really not that good have had way better in the cityOK, I was late to the Doma party -- I discovered it two months ago and have been four times in that period.  The first time I was pleasantly surprised and wanted to go back.  The second time I was WOWED.  The third and last time I was underwhelmed with one notable exception.  So the best I can say is Doma is inconsistent and here's why...
The small plates/apps on their menu seem to be thoughtful, creative and well-executed.  The reason I would come here -- the fish -- is decent quality, but the reason I have to pause is that their sushi rice is way off base.  On a good night, the rolls stay together, but the rice is still flavorless.  On a bad night like my last time, they fall apart, or are borderline dry.  Sushi rice is supposed to be seasoned carefully with the right about of rice vinegar and alcohol.  It is also literally fanned by the chef to give it a sheen and allow for perfect amount of stickiness.  None of that was present in this rice.
Having said all of this, the service is friendly and the vibe is modern and pleasant.  I'll go back but it will be a long while.  And I suggest a reservation on weekends because unlike the sushi, the neighborhood is consistent with their patronage of this cute boîte.What terrible service! We called in the afternoon to reserve a table for 5 at 8 pm, which we were able to do with no issue. Upon arrival, my party crowded in front of the door while the hostess left for about 15 minutes to speak to management. She then returned to the front of the restaurant and proceeded to ignore our party and speak to a larger group who came in behind us. When I finally prompted her to tell me when we would be seated, she told us that they had to give up our table. We were given no forewarning, and had to find an alternate dining location at 8 pm on a Saturday. I have never been treated so horribly by restaurant staff in my life! Be careful of this place.amazing! service was SO fast and the food was great. it was a little cramped inside so maybe avoid this place if you're a large party.I heard many people rave about Doma before I tried it. Like, everyone. So when my first experience left me a bit underwhelmed, I decided to have a second "date" with Doma before I passed judgment and did a write up.  My first experience was a bit anticlimactic, my table was near a cold window, I was dining sans wine and with a partner who was less than adventurous- so needless to say, my menu options were limited and far from fancy.  After I felt that I would soon be ghosting Doma like a bad first date.  However, I decided to give it another chance, and another chance after that and I am glad I did.  
Second and third go-around visits were 10000% better.  I ordered more from the menu, my date and I had wine, and I left feeling like I had found my sushi "bae".  The major league dishes I had were the Korean pork tacos and the tuna club 'roll'.  The soft tacos were served with spicy asian slaw, and your choice of bulgogi, spicy pork or braised pork belly.  I believe there were three, but my memory fails me because they went so quickly. Next up, the tuna club signature roll.  AMAZE. It had crunchy spicy tuna tartar and avocado.  Fish was fresh, service was fast and friendly.
I am glad you weren't a one-night stand, Doma. 
xoxo