By far THE worst dominos experience ever. I love their pizza. No doubt in their food. What you pay for is what you get. HOWEVER, this store particularly has THE worst customer service. This is the 4th time that I've orders garlic sauce with my pizza and also the 4th time that they have either forgotten it or gave me marinara sauce instead. On top of it I ordered icing with my lava cakes. Did I get that? No! Of course not! So I called the store and a very polite woman told me that they would be sending both sauces to me. 10 minutes later I get a call for the delivery driver saying he's out front. I asked if he had both sauces. NOPE. He forgot the icing. 20 minutes later and I'm still waiting for both my garlic sauce and icing to be delivered. 
It's a shame because I do love their pizza. But safe to say, I will not be ordering from this piece of crap store ever again.Ordered a pizza at 1:15pm and it arrived at 3:30pm ice cold. No apologies, no compensation. I think that's enough said to rank this 1 out of 5.I ordered my pizza at 11:57 and it arrived at 1:58. I called the store numerous and they would hang up after me being on hold for a few minutes. The delivery person stated that the store is short staffed and did not have enough drivers. Well they could have called me or picked up the phone to communicate that. TERRIBLE SERVICE.I recently saw on CNBC the ex-CEO of Domino's celebrated, of course he can't know about this place because there are a lot of sites...
But with that said, you should check out this shit show for its service! I mean I would pay $12.75 for its deal and just to watch the people behind the counter, I want to feel bad for them but........
In other words, come here, wait for ~1hr+ to make a cheese pizza and watch them suffer because they can't do it...Let's get one thing straight: I hate all big chain pizza delivery.  Domino's is no exception.  But on a cold day, when the kids were miserable because they had to walk in the cold, I caved and struck a bargain.  If they cooperated, we could get Domino's for dinner (their request).  They did, and we did.
This location is clean and not scary like others I've seen.  It wasn't very expensive, though I realize few people ever pay full price. They offer coupons everywhere, in papers and mailers, but since I never eat there I don't ever save them.  We waited for our pizza, and it was quick.
The pizza: blecch.  But the kids liked it.  I chalk it up to the sugar/corn syrup in the sauce (and probably in the crust).
The Cinna stix: crust with cinnamon sugar and a side of sweet icing.  Ick.  Again, kids loved them. But they tried the sweet icing and told me to throw it out immediately because it was too sugary!  Now you KNOW it's bad if kids say it's too sweet. They said they had enough sugar from the stix themselves and warned me not to even taste it.  But I had to know; they were right.
As a chain, Domino's gets one star.  But this location, for being clean, well-lit, efficient, and friendly, gets three.We are a hair salon, we need food fast and reliable, which this location guarantees.  We are always satisfied.  The delivery drivers are always pleasant.Ordered off of grub hub, with an estimated delivery 1 hour after I ordered. 1.5 hours later, called the facility and was told its out for delivery. Half an hour later I called again, was told it was't out for delivery yet and would be 30-45 minutes. Asked if I could cancel my order and they started to give me a 1-800 number but I decided the effort wasn't worth a refund. Food finally got here a little over 2 hours after initial order. To top it off, they gave us sprite instead of the diet coke we ordered. Delivery driver insisted thats what we ordered, despite my email receipt. Regardless, the 2 stars go to the actual food which was a great late night snack (just much later than we expected).Yuk!!! Ordered deep dish pizza with Italian sausage and black olives.  Delivered hot, but dough not cooked through, tiny specks of sausage and olives.  Will never eat Dominos again.  8900 block Frankford Ave.Yes Dominos was my second pick (after I found out Papa Johns workers were lazy asses) but I gotta say, the woman on the phone was nice & the delivery guy was prompt, so thumbs up! And hey the pizza was actually better than I remember Dominos being. I'll be using again when it feels like 10 degrees outside and I don't wanna leave my apt :DGreat service..friendly people . Was shocked and offended by some of these reviews. These people were super friendly and my food was great.This effing Domino's never includes the free cup of marinara that comes with any the breads. It's ridiculous to consistently miss something so simple.DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE. I placed my order at 2:20pm and it did not arrive until 4:10!!! I called numerous times to check on my order and the staff was unhelpful and unapologetic. Once I got my delivery the pizza was cold. Once I called to complain again, I requested a refund and they said they wanted their pizza back if I wanted a refund. This type of customer service is unacceptable. Do yourself a favor and avoid giving this Domino's location any of your hard earned money.The delivery drivers have killed this joint.  
They are easily the most aloof, careless, forgetful, burned out morons delivering food that I've ever seen.  Don't call me twice asking for my apartment number when I've listed it on the initial online order form, and the additional comments section.  
I was ordering from this place on a regular basis, multiple times a week back when (a year ago) they had competent delivery drivers who would bring the entire order, the first time.  I will never order from this Domino's again.  The last 2 times I've tried ordering I've had to cancel because the driver either can't find the address to the enormous apartment building with hundreds of units, or I get a phonecall telling me to meet the driver outside the front of the apartment building.  I'm not paying to have food DELIVERED so I can go down and fucking pick it up, if that were the case I'd order takeout.  The whole point of delivery is the convenience of having the food brought to my door.
Fire your delivery drivers that are ruining your business, or at the very least train these monkeys to read and bring the entire complete order.Nice staff any time of day and woah is that handmade pan pizza good. Farewell Papa Johns and Pizza Hut!Absolutely under no circumstances will I ever order from this place again. Twice in a year the delivery driver decided to add to their tip and charged my card! First time happened earlier this year and when I brought it to the managers attention it was completely dismissed. I just noticed that they did it again to the order I placed this past Sunday. If you must order from this place, pay cash or pick it up.  I have no time for shady delivery drivers or for this dominos shady practicesMy son ordered plain pizza at 9:40 pm, driver arrived with pizza @ 10:40.
We live 6 minutes away.
Pizza was handed to my son with box half open, and not in a pizza bag. I took the box opened it real fast and saw the pizza was COLD, and pizza was a mess in the box, looked like it was dropped.
I ran to driver before he pulled away and told him to take it back immediately.
He apologized and said he will bring a new one.
My son got on the phone to speak to the supervisor by the name of Jacob.
He was placed on hold over 10 minutes.
I decided to call while he was on hold, and a girl picked up, when I asked for supervisor name, said she don't know, I asked how you work there and don't know you manager name? 
I was placed on a 5 minute hold.
Called back, no one picks up.
Called third time, a different girl picks up, I asked for supervisor, she said " I am", then I asked for her name, she puts me on hold right away. ( My son still on hold ).
2 minutes later a gentleman (Jacob) picks up, reassuring me he will send over a new one right away, and apologized ( really, what else can he say) agreed with me ( of course).
New pizza was delivered, to tell you it was nice looking, put it this way, it was better then the first, but cheese was stuck to the box, box was bend...forget it!
Don't eat there peopel.
Not just because of the pizza but the Unprofessional GIRLS who answer the phone and want to impersonate a supervisor.For the most part, their service is quick if they arent busy or understaffed. Will deliver farther than the new Pizza Hut which is only 2 blocks away from them so I give them props!  Food is hot about 85% of the time and if I have an issue I will call the store and they will fix it. Be warned: If they are short staffed and busy you will wait sometimes more than an hour/hour & a half for your food and it may not be hot! My suggestion is if you are ordering online, follow the tracker page to make sure your food is getting made.I ordered pizza two hours ago and it never arrived.....
I don't know what else to say... I live a block away from dominos and ordered pizza on a whim. I sat on my stoop about 20 minutes after
Ordering and sat for an hour waiting for the pizza to arrive. I ordered at 10:40 and waited ted until 1am on my front stoop.....If you haven't had a Domino's pizza at least once in your life, you've probably either not been in the country long or your parents sheltered you.  If that's the case I envy you.  If I had never had one I wouldn't be as perplexed as to how poor the general populations' taste is.
How much cornmeal can you slap onto the bottom crust of a pizza?  Dominoes probably hits the limit allowed by physics, because their pizza tastes cheifly of corn.  And the sauce may as well be ketchup.
Why would you want pizza that tastes like corn chips?  Why would you purchase more than one of these?  Why has Domino's not gone out of business or made like Little Caesars and been pigeonholed to Kmarts and creepy towns in North Jersey?
Oddly vivid memory for my age when it happened: In early 1993 in my old house in Mayfair I was palaying T2: Judgement Day (Arcade Edition) on Sega Genesis with a friend when we heard a loud crash outside the window.  Going outside, we discovered a Domino's pizza boy had rear-ended an elderly couple in a Dodge coupe, and caused gasoline to spew everywhere.  Luckily, no one was seriously injured.
It's stuff like that that ended the whole 30 minutes or your pizza is free thing.  So they try other campaigns like $5 pizzas when you order 3.  $15 for 3 small barely-edible pizzas?  DEAL!
Embrace the Noid.Was Domino's pizza always this bad? It couldn't have been, I used to order it (although one of my experiences included ordering but a no-show). Anyway, Domino's has one of the worst pizzas of all the chain pizza restaurants. I would pick Papa John's in a heartbeat over this place. I did give it 2 stars because their other options are cool (breadsticks, wings, etc).Dominos is Dominos. But this pizza took over an hour to get to us and the driver was incredibly rude. Very angry with how long it took. Tracker frequently went back to previous times and stages. Total shitshowI would give it about 3.5 out of 5 stars. I ordered from here 2 times in the past 2 consecutive days lol. So what. It's on sale. 
But anyways, the delivery was always pretty quick and on time. Food came in fresh and warm. My only complaints are that they are pretty consistent with putting little to no toppings on their pizza. Sigh.I forgot to mention: the store is clean. Really clean and the staff was courteous, well mannered and friendly. For a South street location that's a pretty big deal.
Unfortunately, I've had to revise my review as service has been rather unpredictable. Often short staffed, I've had to wait at the counter to pick up an order because the entire staff is in the back socializing and can't see or hear that someone has entered. Normally, I wouldn't care but I was the only customer and I could see my already paid for order sitting on the shelf. 
On the plus side it's still clean, and I haven't had any reaction eating the GF pizza so overall my only complaint is maybe better management.Two stars is being generous! I gave the extra star because I did have one maybe two decent experiences there. I would have never place a review on this Dominos  but my experience tonight fully warrants what I am about to say. For one, prior to today just about every experience I've had there the customer service was horrible. Whether I was there in person or ordered on line it took forever to get our food. Tonight it took 3 hours until I had to call and cancel the order! Within those three hours I called sporadically to check on my order, understanding that its Super Bowl Sunday and it could take longer than normal. Three hours!!! The order confirmation said no longer than 2. Get this, when I spoke to moronic woman answering the phone she had the nerve to tell me that I canceled it a while ago. Keep in mind that I spoke to her 30 mins before and she said my food was leaving to be delivered!! I don't know who they hire to work there but I would suggest not ordering from that Dominos until the replace every single lazy unappreciative employee. It's like they don't give a shit and you can wait until they feel like making your order!Gave us the wrong order and was promised to redeliver within 15 min but 1.5 hours later, still haven't. We paid with cash so that's why I'm guessing they don't give a fuck. We asked to be refunded and they said they can't.Tried to place an order over the phone. The person who answered couldn't speak any English and hung up on me. #epicfailThis dominos has the worst service. Took 2 hours for food. When I called the manager gave me nothing but attitude. WILL NOT order from them again. Disrespectful staff and worst delivery service. We were only a 10 minute drive away. Tracker lied and said we had the food but it didn't arrive for 2 hours.TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!! We have been waiting over 2 hours for our order and trying to contact the store to find on what's going i have been on hold for an hour!! I am extremely unhappy with this company and I will be contacted a manager tomorrow. Worst dominos ever. Don't even waste your time!!!!Just ordered from here. Delivery driver was on time. The pizza was delicious and the sauce was still hot! 
Everything just melts in your mouth. It was balling. I likely!Hate giving places bad reviews but In this case I will make an exception. I think the food is ok but what messes this place up its the staff. This review is based on my past 5 deliveries last month. The girl on the phone who rushes you to take the order,  f****s your order up and when u tell her u want to pay with credit card she simply forgets or ignores you, she def needs to get her s**t together. Last Sunday and Monday when I ordered, 30 min before closing she told me that the delivery will take up to an 1 hour to to be delivered. If you are there to work, do your job right. In one hour I can go eat at a diner and be out in less than an hour than wait for the stupid delivery. People like you give places bad namerude employees and a manager who did not even want to talk to me...
clearly this location does not value customer service or trains their employees on its importance in any business.What can you say? It's a chain, Domino's pizza.
$5.99 for a two-topping medium-sized pizza is not bad, and cheap/satisfying for college students. AND, if you have ShopRunner you get free delivery (which is otherwise $2). Typically it is not bad, but the last three times my order has come without the ordered sauces.
TIP: Make sure to call and remind the store to bring your sauces, and to make sure they're the right ones!
TIP: You can order mixed toppings (different ones on left/right) to get more of a variety :DI felt like I've been patient enough and I don't like being an inconvenience, but when the person that took my order gave me an attitude, I can't just hold my tongue. The Domino's worker's name is Tonya. I ordered my pizza and asked how long it's going to take. She said it's going to be an hour since they're backed up. I said fine. An hour and 15 minutes has passed. I called and asked how much longer. She said another 15 minutes. A total of 2 hours has passed and now I don't want the pizza. At this point, why would want pizza that's been sitting in a car for that long? I called and said that I was sorry, but is there any way I can cancel my order. Tonya then says I told you we're backed up and it will take longer than usual. She said an hour... Don't lie to me and talk back to a customer. The driver arrives right when I cancelled it and I would feel bad if I don't take the pizza. The driver was really nice. He doesn't deserve any of the blame because he apologized and said he's trying his best to get the deliveries to the customers as fast as he can. By the way, the pizza was Luke warm... Tonya. Please work on your customer service skills, or don't work on the phonesI used the Dominos app to place an order at 1:45. It's now 4:10 and still no delivery. If they don't delivery to the Northern Liberty section of Philly, perhaps that should have been stated at the initiation of an order.Can't, complain. I order delivery every time online. its fast the drivers nice. I wish there was a Pizza Hut too around but Dominoes rains supreme and has more unique items like holopinio cheese bread; the California chicken bacon ranch pizza, the lava chocolate cakes and the chicken wings and boneless its awwww so good. quick easy efficient reliable JUST HOW I LIKE. 1900 S Broad street every day South Philly!
                                                                                                  -silly BillyO from south phillyI am currently visiting Philly for the Made in America Festival. I have waited for my food for over 2hours. I was notified through the dominos website that my order arrived to Hilton Garden Inn hotel that I was staying at but was never here. I then called the store to check on the status of my order and was rudely interrupted and put on hold for 45 minutes. I drove to the restaurant to see what's up( like anyone else who have been waiting for their food that they spent their hard earn money on). When I got their the young lady by the name of "Tati" at the front desk was beyond rude and made it seem like I was inconveniencing her because I came looking for my food. She never called the driver to check on his location just proceeded to tell me " I don't know what you want me to do, if you wanna wait here then you can if he brings your food back but it is what it is." I get it's a busy time and all but showing a true lack of professionalism and customer service is BS. I encourage anyone who visits Philly TO NEVER ORDER FROM THIS PLACEWas very hungry for a early dinner and ordered at 4:15PM since expected delivery time on website said 35-42 minutes and that seemed reasonable enough. Took over an hour and a half to get there. Pizza was lukewarm on arrival. Driver got lost and had to call me to find the house when she was right up the street. Pizza was very light on toppings. Pathetic performance all around.
Never going to order from here again.The delivery drivers are rude and they are always blocking parking in front of my building. Then when you go to talk to the Manager he always seem not to care !!!!Weak. Waited over an hour for Dominoes. The tracker THIS LOCATION provides is bull shit. I've used other locations close to this one and they're on point. 
Got the 5.99 for a medium and 5.99 for a pasta. The pasta was half the size I get from the South St location and by the looks of the pizza you'd think that canned jalapenos and black olives cost as much as truffles.
G'nite, generic pizza spot. This location has jumped the shark.The first time I have ever wished Yelp! would allow me to award zero stars. After placing an order just after midnight with this location, I sat and patiently waited a full hour (I was promised delivery in 30 minutes) before I received a call telling me they don't deliver to my area. Apparently I was on the wrong side of the street at the edge of their delivery.
After explaining that was now too late for me to call and order food from another location and I was starving, they still refused to deliver a pizza they admitted they had already prepared for me.
Yelp friends, please let me know when this location closes so I can throw a party to celebrate it's demise.Every time I order from this place, it takes at least 3-4 hours for delivery. And half of the time the order is wrong. And when it comes, it is normally cold, gross and seems like it sat at the store for at least an hour before it went for delivery.This was the worst experience I've ever had at any Dominos location to date. When I went to pick up my pizza around 11pm the employees refused to open the door. They were staring right at me and so I decided to call the number from my email confirmation. When the guy realized I was there to pick up my order he opened the door. I entered asking why they didn't open and he said "we get a lot of crackheads from the area at night and assumed you were one of them". I have never been so insulted in my life. I will proceed to make a complaint to the company. That type of customer service should never be allowed. Even if he thought that he should've held his tongue. The food itself was not worth my time, money nor the insult. DO NOT GO TO THIS DOMINOS SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!This review is based on the gluten free pizza.
The reason they get such a great rating has many facets; the most important is that when I ordered (on the mobile website) after selecting the gf crust a disclaimer immediately popped up stating the pizza would be prepared in a common area and those with celiacs or gluten sensitivity were advised not to eat it.
Someone at Dominos did their homework.
I have celiacs but my curiosity and greed (and possibly some intoxication) beat out my common sense and I had the gluten free with pepperoni.
I've now eaten it twice. Something else that impressed me: when choosing toppings, a warning listing gluten containing toppings appeared. Nice work guys! 
Now, the pizza. Could be the fact that the only pizza I've had in almost 5 years are the horrendous offerings in the frozen section at Whole Foods (gluten, dairy, soy, meat free, organic ketchup on a cardboard crust of bleakness) but it was heaven.
Seriously! It's not the same delicious, gluteny pizza of my memories but it is by far the best gf rendition I've ever had.
The most important piece of this review is the fact that even having ignored Dominos warnings (I am Celiac), I didn't get sick. Not one symptom. If you aren't gluten sensitive you have no idea how huge this is but trust me. It's the difference between not leaving my house all weekend and skipping happily hand in hand with my BFF to meet friends for drinks later that night.
I forgot to mention: the store is clean. Really clean. And the staff was courteous, friendly and well mannered. Very impressive for a South st. location.
Thank you Dominos. I think I love you.This place used to be quick and good, for Domino's anyway. 
Upon ordering, I was told the new manager no longer gives discounts to front desk hotel employees while they are working. So, 1 1/2 hours and a $2 delivery fee later, I got my FARTisan pizza. Actually, farts are warm, and my pizza was not. So nevermind. 
I work in Midtown Village and there's many places with great pizza. I ordered from Domino's. I'm the idiot. 
BTW I'm not the only hotel employee who is pissed about this new manager deciding we should pay full price for his/her garbage pies.Ordered 2 hours ago and still haven't received anything despite 3 phone calls and being told it was on the way ...I ordered through grub hub. When the order came it was missing items. The delivery person didn't correct me when I asked if my total was the one I had on grub hub and accepted the full amount plus tip. So therefore the order total he had was 30.00 less than the one I had , so he took the extra plus the tip. When I got into the house and saw what was missing and what the total difference was I called the store. They apologized and send they would send the missing items right over. Nothing came. I contacted grub hub. Gh said the manager of the store was away and they couldn't refund because I paid in cash. I have never received a call from Dominos to rectify this, will not order or suggest them to anyone!Ordered lava cakes and specialty chicken.took forever to deliver and they forgot the 2 sides of icing we paid for.called back and they promised to bring us back what we paid for.the driver never came and my kids were really upset after waiting an hour and a half then after promising the icing,that never came.this place sucks and so does the delivery guyThe worst dominos. The service here sucks. Some of the delivery drivers are rude, they don't say thank you, or even tell you how much the food is when they show up. I ordered food then the person told me they don't deliver to my address. Well that's strange I said because you delivered here last week and I order 20 minutes ago, so when would you tell me this. He said I am sorry we do deliver from 9th & south to 15th & pine. (trust me that's not far-lol) Anyway they did screw up one of my orders. If you call them and complain the manager does handle this well though. The inside is small and service is slow to pick up your food, and it feels weird to stand in front of some large piece of glass. However, to follow up I did complain about this to a manger who gave me a free order which  deserved an extra star in my opinion.I am a teacher at a charter school in North Philadelphia where a majority of my students qualify for free and reduced lunch.  On the day before spring break, my students brought in enough money to order four pizzas from Dominos.  At 11:00 am, I ordered the pizzas, but the pizzas were not delivered until 12:30.  Unfortunately, the extremely long wait meant my students had already left for spring break.  
When I called Dominos, I got the run-around by the employees.  I left my number twice for the manager to call when he "arrived" at the office, but I never received a phone call back.  The only offer I got from Dominos was a free pizza, but my students, who paid over $76 were never offered a refund of their money.  
There are a lot of pizza establishments in Philadelphia, and if you are not a Dominos lover, I suggest using an establishment that cares about those in their community over making a profit.I would give zero stars if I could this place is the absolute worst, I placed an order for delivery 2hours past never received the order I called these ignorant bastards 2 times within the 2 hours they hung up on me never gave an explanation about the order I will never order from there again very unpleasant and unprofessionalWow. The worst establishment I have ever been in my life. I live around the corner so rather than order take out I stopped in in the way home from the bar and the guy answering the phone offered to make me a deal and give him $20 cash in his pocket for a pie. Naturally, I said yes because I just wanted some pizza; but this guy took my money and made me wait 45mins and then tried to claim I never called in a pick up order. Eventually the guy cooking the pizzas saw that I had been waiting an hr and made me my pizza. Bottom line, stay away from this place-I witnessed the 100's of calls coming in at 2am and the guy not even knowing how to work the phone. This place is a natural disaster waiting to happen!Order placed through app; tracker said it arrived..waited so long but it didn't come. Repeatedly called the store and no one picked up. Never received pizza. Horrible service. Never ordering here againDomino's is pretty much the same everywhere you go. The staff here are pretty rude, but they do make great greasy pizzas and bread knots. This place is always a madhouse and the staff runs around like crazy trying to get all the pizzas out the door.I have a soft spot for Domino's. By soft spot, I mean that I've been known to eat an entire pizza from here by myself. Sad but true.
Not entirely sure where the rest of these really low reviews are stemming from, but I have no complaints. I'm fond of a pepperoni/banana pepper combo, and the new parmesan bites are BOMB. Obviously the cheesey bread is amazing also but I didn't need to tell you that because duh- it's called "cheesey bread".
Okay wait, I may have one small gripe. Occasionally they do forget to add garlic sauce to the order even though I always order at least 3. Something about the combo of melted butter, garlic, artificial yellow coloring and preservatives just really adds to the whole pizza experience. 
Thank you Domino's for all that you do.OK, like everyone else, the caveat is: it's Domino's. You know the quality you're getting.
But when a late-night pizza craving hit recently & I thought, "What the hell, why not Domino's" I found myself thwarted by their new $10 minimum for delivery. A small pizza costs $9.50. THEY WON'T DELIVER THEIR OWN PIZZA. Let that sink in for a second - Domino's won't deliver their own pizza because it's less than the $10 minimum. Of course I could add bread sticks, soda, yadda yadda...how transparent a scam is this? I hung up and got over my pizza craving.
As far as I"m concerned the last reason to have Domino's around just evaporated. Don't bother. Spend your money elsewhere or save yourselves the calories & ignore late night pizza urges.The first two times I ordered from this Dominos they showed up with decorated cardboard, with the wrong toppings. After seeing all of the commercials detailing Dominos self improvement overhaul campaign I decided to give them another shot. Wrong move. After ordering what in theory was going to be two delicious, medium Pepperoni/ Jalapeno Pepper, and Sausage/ Banana Pepper pizzas I was delighted  to open the box to see two dry cheese pizzas sans toppings awaiting my aching stomach. Disappointed but not surprised I called the manager to see what could be done...he told me to come over and he would take care of it. After apologizing profusely and saying he was going to throw in an extra pizza, he has one of the workers ring up the total as if we didn't just pay for the two poor excuses for botched pizza. I wonder if I could get on T.V. if I had sent in a side by side picture of the pizzas we received and a print out of my order summary.....Worst dominos ever........ I ordered my cheesy bread last night with a 20 oz soda and sauce.... They brought just the cheesy bread. Called and asked to get what I paid for. Said he'd send the driver back.. Let's just say I'm still waiting for my sauce and soda. Not cool dominos. You guys are lame and owe me moneyI grew up in Michigan and went to college in Ann Arbor (where Dominos was founded). The Dominos there are great - always speedy delivery and the best customer service I've ever gotten from a delivery driver. This Philly Dominos completely sucks. Delivery can take more than 30 minutes, so the pizza arrives cold and gross. They often forget things from the order, toppings, sides, etc. It's not even worth calling them back because it would most likely take at least another half hour to fix the problem. I kept ordering from them because of my familiarity with the chain, but I can't justify ordering from this one again. One time the delivery driver actually made me come out to his car to get my food. No. Just no.This is an embarrassment to Dominos pizza and she be removed as an owner or franchisee. There is absolutely no urgency by the staff, who spend most of their time putting customers on hold when they call instead of actually answering the phone. I waited over two hours for my food after calling 20+ times, I determined that my food wasn't going to be delivered and STILL couldn't get ahold of anyone to refund my order. Will never be ordering from here again and recommend you don't waste your time here either.I have to be honest. I don't like Dominos. I never have. Even when Dominos began to revamp it's menu in 2009. I've been hopeful, because my neighborhood Dominos is open until 2am. I love pizza, thin crust, thick crust, crust that climbs on rocks.  I'm especially a sucker for pan pizza. When I found out dominos had a pan pizza. I was a bit hopeful. So I ordered 1, I thought it was a fantastic treat after midnight. When you live north of market and are looking for quality pizza after midnight, the options are absolutely terrible. Check out some of my other reviews, the stuff is nasty. So, ordered a pan pizza around 2 months ago for the first time and now I've ordered 12. My favorite combination is double cheese and pepperoni. It's not worth the menu price of 15 dollars, but the two topping "coupon" (although, I don't know how it can be a coupon if the option is always there) for 8.99 is a fantastic deal. Delivery has always been very speedy. Usually under 30 minutes.  I still don't like Dominos, but if you are a fan of pan pizza then this menu item is worth trying.  Definitely a 4 star item and if I've had too many IPA's it easily moves into the 5 star range.  So go ahead and order it.  However, if you order a cheesesteak from here, you should be burned at the stake.The pizza is great and there are always specials and discounts. The delivery is usually pretty fast if your just looking for a quick bite to eat Domino's is the way to goOrdered pizzas at 2 AM with an estimated time of 50 mins. 90 min later, nothing comes and the customer care is just rude putting us on hold for 10 mins to give an update on the order. Driver finally comes with a number of other pending orders and doesnt even wait for the call with the customer care representative to reach a conclusion! Utterly rude - both customer service and the driver. Will never order from this again!I've given them more than their fair share of chances, but literally every time I ordered from them they screw up my order. I ordered in Jan and thought never again but had to give them another chance today in october, as I'm very ill and so are my two babies who really wanted pizza. I ordered two medium pies, one of various cheeses and one thin crust pepperoni. finally the guy gets here, i pay and he's gone. my kid doesn't like the super cheesy one so i say "well it's a good thing i have this thin crust peppero---" and as i open the box it's a duplicate of the cheese pizza. I called the driver to see if he mixed something up and he insists that i have a pepperoni. Um, so now I don't know what a thin crust pepperoni looks like?? I told him I'm not blind and no, he was mistaken. He tells me to talk to the store. I called and they apologized, said the correct pie plus free cinnastix are on the way in 30-45 min. Great, wait extra time for what should have already been here. An hour passes, I call the store and they said they got really busy, they'll start baking it now. What?!? I said that's unacceptable. Just give me a refund. The manager calls me later and says he'll give me a refund but I have to give back the cold wrong order pizza to the driver so he can take a pic as proof for their supervisor. I said why do you want the cold pizza back? Take the picture, or use the pix i took already, and let me eat it since I've been waiting hours now for food and I've got nothing here. He agreed, the driver should be here in 20 minutes to take a pic. Well guess what? Over an hour passes and he's not here. I can't wait by the door all day. My pizza is cold and gross now. I'm not even sure they're going to give me my money back.... they don't do anything else they promise!! This is the last of many failed deliveries from them... no more Domino's. STAY AWAY!!Still waiting for a pizza I ordered in 2011... Needless to say, I've have decided to order from somewhere else. Maybe they will get here at some point.Haven't ordered from dominos in years. I see I haven't missed much at all. Ordered garlic butter crust to get plain and delivery took way too long. Don't get point of having tracker feature since not accurate at all. Pizza is barely warm.One of my better decisions on a snow day. $7.99 carryout large 3 topping pizza...uh oh carry out only...it was alight i didnt care. Order placement was easy, notifications were quick and clear. As i arrived it was immediately ready. Received an order of cheesy garlic bread...as i proceeded to say "i didnt order that" i was told it was free....FREE yes thats not a term you usually hear in our day and age in ammurrica. Overall wonderful experiece, never fails.Do not order from here if you actually want everything from your order. 
They say this is the land of second chances so I have given this place 2 chances to get my order right. Still they have forgotten things that o have paid for and ignored my request for any compensation back. Drivers are incompetent and promise they'll be back in "15mins or less". 2 hours later and nothing. The pizza could be blessed by Queen B herself, and I still wouldn't order it from this location. Done. Over it. Never again. It took two separate horrible transactions, but I have learned my lesson.Worst experience with any takeout ordered ever! Placed an order at 2 am on a Saturday night and got an estimate for delivery of 42-52 mins. The order never arrived on time and even after 3 times of calling the store and being put on hold for a total of 15 minutes, the only answer I heard was that the delivery was "on it's way". When the driver finally arrived late, he was exceptionally rude. While I was talking to the store, he screamed and drove away. The dominos store was incredibly unhelpful and the service was terrible! Never ordering from here again!Decided to try it and was very disappointed.Pizza was to small  and over priced.Corporate places like Domino`s and Papa Johns suck.Small business  do a far better job in cooking .Never will i go here again.It has been 3 hours waiting for my order and I'm still waiting. This is unbelievable !!! Please don't order from this place.Its dominos Pizza - you know what your getting.  Perfect for 2:30am on a saturday when even ordering via a phone call is just too difficult.  A couple taps on the Dominos iPhone app and you can have any of your past orders sent strait to your abode without the hassle of cash, which you probably spent all of at the bar anyways.  
A bonus is you can stare incessantly at the little blinking timeline that tells you when your pizza is out for delivery.I have to give a review since the others are so bad.. I've ordered twice and never with a problem. It seems like a regular dominos to me, I order from dominos a lot since i actually kind of like how junky and bad it is haha. I like that this place uses a lot of the garlic, since the other one i go to always either forgets or just doesnt use a lot. I feel like this place has bad reviews because theres really no reason to review a dominos unless you have a bad experiance.We ordered 3 pizzas at 1:45 am and they arrived within 15 minutes. The order was correct, the timing was impeccable, and the pizzas were hot and delicious. This is why America is the best country on earth. Amen.It took 1 hour and 40 minutes to get my order when the email specifically said delivery time is 33-43 minutes. I called the store to talk to the manger. The manager just said: "sorry, we are short on people tonight. Your delivery is on your way." They really need much better customer service here.the worst costumer service I have ever experienced. I had to call 3 times there response was your food will be there in 20 min, then 5, then 10-15. I finally begged them to actually call the driver to find out. The manager put me on hold then had someone else pick up the phone and acted like I was never on hold in the first place. They then put me on hold for an additional 10 min to avoid having to actually talk to me. It is has been almost 2 hours still no food and no closer to actually getting my food.I was super drunk and I guess I ordered food online to pick up. I woke up to empty pizza boxes and found the cheesey bread in my microwave so thank you dominos for being there when I had no idea you were. at least I brought you home and not some random.Shocked with all the bad reviews. I actually found this dominos to be so quick with my delivery and the food was still oven hot. Food tasted great and was delivered within 30 minutes of orderingworst dominoes ever i have been waiting over three hours for my food and it still isnt here i don't plan on ever ordering from here!!!!!Ordered a pizza last night at 11:20pm and never received it, my card was charged though. The employees over the phone were playing games with me and saying rude remarks when I called back more than once. Please contact me regarding this situation because dominos owes me $20.To me, this was just another Dominos... until last night. I called and ordered over the phone, and was transferred three or four times (how big is a Dominos?!) like usual. I placed my order then gave them my information and then my credit card number. Everything was going swimmingly when the guy arrived... until he asked me for the money for the pizza. I told him I had used my card, and he then said "No you pay with cash". I was calm at this point, and explained it to the delivery guy who was a nice enough fella. I got on the horn with the store figuring I would fix the problem and move on. However, when I answered the phone, the dude said "I am on the line with someone else with a problem, I will put you on hold," and promptly did just that. So, me and this dude are sitting outside of my house waiting for the guy to take me off hold. Five minutes goes by (which is a really effing long time when you are starving and watching your pizza get cold) until he gets on the phone again. I explained the problem in a levelheaded manner and... was promptly told that it was MY fault. I said I gave them the card number, and that they might not have run it and he responded by telling me that I was the one who changed my mind "from credit card to cash and back a few times". I was mad at this point, and tersely told him that I never had the cash to pay for it in the first place, and so I wouldn't ever have changed my mind. He kept repeating that it was MY fault over and over again, so I basically just kept getting more and more angry until I asked to speak to the manager. This is the worst part: after being on hold for ANOTHER 10 MINUTES waiting to speak to him, he answers the phone and says he is going to put me on hold AGAIN. 
I was full on raging at this point. I told him that I was going to hang up the phone, eat my pizza and drink my drink, then call them when I wasn't so pissed off. "No, you're staying on the phone. Do not hang---" (I hung up the phone). So I ate my pizza (they also fricked up my order) and then called Dominos HQ. Then the local store blew up my phone ever 5 seconds for 20 minutes until I figured they sweated enough. As soon as I picked up I told him in so many words that I would give them the number, but I wouldn't EVER get food from there again, and I would make sure people knew what terrible people they are in general. I also explained that I would make sure the there was something done about the way they treated me and that I had called and explained the situation to the main HQ. After I stopped ranting, the guy couldn't have been more apologetic, and I couldn't have cared any less.
The funniest part is that their whole marketing campaign is about people holding them accountable... so we'll see what they do to rectify this. DON'T order from them.I don't usually order from chains but I recently went to one outside of the city and it was nothing like this. I called and complained they said they will credit my domino account, to be honest I'm afraid to order from them again... the pizza was doughy and soggy, the box was soaked it wouldn't even hold up the pizza.  sad thing is, it took them 40 mins to deliver and we were starving.It's a Dominos-- what can you really expect? But still, they've done right by me a number of times so I will continue to give them my business. You get pretty decent quality, great quantity, and at a reasonable price of less than 20 bucks. 
This past month I ordered A LOT of pizza. They had a deal for two mediums with 2 toppings each that I hit up almost every 3rd or 4th night in August and they didn't mess up my order a single time.
It was only late once, which is bound to happen once in a while at any pizza place that has a lot of business. 
The pizza tastes pretty good, or as good as it can for a chain. I actually prefer their garlic crust over papa john's now though. I like that you can also pick a different sauce for each pizza, that's a pretty cool feature.
I always ordered online and never had a problem with this place. They are pretty fast, consistent, and usually no hassle. 
The attitudes of the people working there however are one thing that really annoy me. I try to avoid all human contact with this place by doing everything online, even tipping sometimes. On the rare occurrence that I have to speak to them or actually talk to the delivery guy though, I just feel like they can't wait to go somewhere and kill themselves, that's how depressed and dead they seem. They seriously have zero energy and I don't understand why they have to add such a sour note to the whole experience.
Anyway, the pizza itself is still worth it when it only comes out to 15 - 18 bucks and tastes better than some of the other local joints too.
Again- best thing to do here- order online.Most awful Pizza shop ever! Tonight, finally after too many awful pizzas I received since my arrival in this neighborhood, I decided to come online and write a review because I paid 25 dollars for a shitty pizza and a coke! I was traveling all day and got home starving. Already ordered the veggie pizza. It arrived cold and all wet due to waiting too much inside the box. It was socked in cheese and horrible veggie mix. Straight to my trash bin!Two different things to rate here. First off, the pizza was horrible. I ordered two pizzas without cheese and breadsticks. The breadsticks were 90% grease, 10% bread and were edible, but nothing amazing. The pizza was undercooked and I could see the uncooked dough at the top near the sauce. Ugh! The speed and service were both excellent which is the only thing that saves Domino's from a one star rating. As soon as you order online you get to see where your order is through a time track system and who is working on your order. The delivery guy got here fairly quickly, which always helps when you're hungry. If you're looking for great service, Domino's delivers, but if you are looking for a delicious meal, look elsewhere!This is solid drunk food. That's pretty much the only time we go here. Once in a while we'll order from here for an easy dinner, but I usually regret that decision. With all the other options on South Street, I should probably just skip over to Lickety Split or Jim's. Ah well. My drunk brain isn't looking out for my inner foodie's best interest I guess.Very disappointed with my experience. Ordered pizza and some wings via their website. Received confirmation email indicating, that order should be delivered 58-68 minutes, no biggie, it was about 7pm. At about 8:30pm order still not here, called to check in, and got the 'we are so busy, sorry apology it's on it's way but it will be 15 more minutes' Fine I'll wait 15 more mins. It is now 9pm - and food just got here. Driver was very nice. Unfortunately food was not hot...and delivered one hour late. Called in, to let them know that this was not acceptable to a very unprofessional representative, who chose to blame me for ordering online (vs calling), or waiting for the pizza (vs cancelling and wasting her driver's time) as well as hanging up on me, when I requested a refund. It's too bad, I'll choose to go somewhere else next time. I don't need this drama for pizza on a Sunday night. Whoever is managing this location, you need to make serious improvements...I am not sure how the pizza is, since my order NEVER EVEN ARRIVED!  I called twice and twice they told me that they attempted to deliver, but they couldn't reach me.  Bullsh!t !!!  I never received a call.  I even waited by the door of my apartment building after I called the first time.  I am guessing that the driver decided to eat my pizza...  If I could negative stars I would.Yes, I'm writing a review for Domino's. This location is very spot on, though. Very courteous staff, fast delivery, and their sandwiches taste better than the one on South Street I've noticed. Fresh and not microwave quality.They messed up my order and when I asked them to correct it, they kept arguing with me saying that there's no way they forgot to put the toppings on and asked me to send them pictures of the messed up order if I wanted it fixed.I usually never write any reviews because I'm usually too lazy. But holy f***, listen to me and everyone else that put 1 star. It's completely justified. Everything you read is true. My friends and I ordered two medium two-topping pizzas and 8 wings, the whole pick any 3 for 5.99 each nonsense. We ordered at 10:43 pm and did not get our food until 12:44. On top of that, one of the pizza boxes was empty. I know we should have been more careful, but the way they placed the actual box with pizza was at the bottom so the weight was hard to gauge. These people out here aren't competent. Do yourself a favor and just get DiGiorno's, Red Barron, Tostinos, and a condom, because if you order from here, you gonna get f***ed.Awful service. Hour and a half delivery times and when you call you get nothing but attitude. Often will call and say they are downstairs and 5/10 times, they're not downstairs and you get the typical oh ok be there in my 5 minutes answer. Don't order from this Dominos. Try and find the next closest one if you can.I order from this place all of the time and rarely have a problem! However, last night I ordered a pizza and charged it to my credit card, but when they arrived they said I owed cash. Then, when i went to charge it over the phone, they said their credit card machine was down. My pizza came but they said i had to give it back. I've never been in a situation like that. If you mess up and charge me incorrectly, you should give your customer what they ordered.I am going to review the service here, because yes Domino's Pizza is dreadful.  
When you order online you can real time track your pizza.  I knew that Rasheed left the store at 734 on Saturday night, and was sufficiently pissed when he got there at 8 o'clock. 
Since I can't get cheap pizza online from Papa John's or Pizza Hut in Center City I will be using this again.I dont know why people are giving this Domino's a 1 star?  It's a Domino's and thats the same pizza they have at all Domino's.  If you want specialty pizza then go somewhere else. If you want regular delivery type good tasting pizza then use this Domino's.  It's not rocket science order it online if you have problems with them on the phone.  I must have ordered from this place 45 times in the last 3 years and never have had a problem.  It gets 3 stars, the pizza is fine, but I don't go there on date night.This Domino's took about two hours to deliver my food and also the delivery driver took it upon himself to charge a tip on my credit card without asking and telling me. If you are desperate enough to order from here make sure you check your bank account afterwards so you know if they overcharged you!!!It's Dominos. You know what you're getting, and that's what makes it so good. Sadly, it's also better than about 98% of the pizza places that deliver to University City -- I've only found Allegro's and New Style to be better. (Other suggestions are welcome, but I've tried many.)
I love the pizza tracker that tells you who topped your pizza, who cooked it, and who delivered it. The delivery guy's name is rarely from this hemisphere, or even this planet.
Their pepperoni is seriously some of the best pepperoni on any pizza, and their sauce and crust are much improved with the "new recipe." And unlike most disgusting UCity pizza joints, this isn't slathered in grease and covered in rubbery cheese. Really, this stuff does the trick in a pinch. I'd probably never order it in NYC, and I never even order it in Montreal or Toronto, but the state of Philly delivery pizza is THAT BAD.Dominos thin crust = 5 stars or more if more stars were available.  Two times tuesday??  The shizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzznittttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt.  And the tracking is the bomb.  Plus cinnastix --- booyakasha.  Whoever is saying dominos is bad doesnt know anything about pizza.  This is authentic s$*@ people.One star for not allowing cats. I began ordering strictly online for this Domino's considering how long it typically takes to give our order over the phone, not counting how long you're normally put on hold.  Alas when we arrive at the Domino's to pick up our pizza, the phone battle had just begun.  We have patience.  Finally, the phone call ends with, "..that made my brain hurt." and the girl walks away.  At that point we turned to each other and laughed, "It's Domino's!"i see you shaking your head. and i do not care. you know what, bro? domino's shows me love. when i first got to philly for college, i was astronomically disappointed by the pizza places around Drexel that i had to choose from. i was faced with the options of no sauce, or bland sauce, or half burnt and/or careless ratio of cheeses. domino's has been relatively consistent. sure once in a while they foul something up but never enough to make me swear them off forever.
this location has been nothing but good to me and although i welcome suggestions for better pizza delivery in my area (fairmount), they will continue to get business from me. every once in a while they give me free breadsticks for my patronage, which is a nice touch.My first time ordering from this Domino's location and like many others, its hit or miss.
In this case, it was a big miss. 
First off, why am I paying you a delivery fee when you are not delivering to my door? I don't care about parking issues or tickets. There is ample street parking for you to park up and deliver to my apartment door. 
Given that I spent a decade living in New York and had pizza delivered to my door without issue, I'm not buying your excuses, you're just plain lazy.
Secondly, the pizza was not cut. Now I understand that tossing some dough and putting tomato sauce and cheese on it is extremely taxing, but I didn't realize that the final part of the process was for me to get my pizza cutter out. Was this a collaborative process that you didn't tell me about?
So basically if you want to be charged a delivery fee and to generously tip to have to get your pizza from the lobby of your building and then cut it yourself, feel free to hit up this store.
Oh and don't bother complaining because the store doesn't respond to corporates request to reach out and when you ask for the franchisee's information, you are told that you cannot have it, despite corporate willingly giving it to me.[Employee]: Thanks for calling Domino's, we don't deliver anymore.
[Jeff]: Okay.
*phone click*Rickey is the man! Best customer service I've had from this place! He guarenteed after I complained About passed orders my sauces were forgotten that he would remember, and sure enough, he did! The pizza was great upon arriving. It was piping hot and delicious with all the great toppings yummm. The chicken bacon ranch sandwich seemed to have been enjoyed. Go dominos it all rules! Yay! - sincerely drunk girlsLast night was the second time that I ordered food from this dominos and it was never delivered. I called them and asked if my food was still on its way and they told me they were closed then hung up on me. This was 90 minutes after I ordered. I called back again and they said please hold. They didn't hit the hold button so I listened to them argue and ignore my roommates calls for 9 minutes before I hung up. 
I worked at a chain pizza place for 3 years. I get it. You can't expect much. But seriously you have to draw the line somewhere. Fuck this dominos. Never order from here.If I could give zero stars I would. TWICE this order was never delivered. We were yelled on at the phone by some lady when she was in the wrong the whole time, she just "went off" because she was upset we were wondering why our pizza never showed. She needs some costumer service experience. Unacceptable, two pizzas not delivered, both at the fault of dominos.The delivery man ,a white middle aged man with a pot belly (of course), pulled up to my building with loud music, refused to come upstairs to deliver the pizza, and when I gave him $4 on top of the $2 delivery charge, he gave me a dirty look and yelled "Fucking N******". My doorman heard and saw the entire incident. This happened in Rittenhouse square, a pretty upscale neighborhood.  I hope corporate sees this, as I have tried to call on several occasions but conveniently they tell me to contact the local dominoes. I call the dominoes and they consistently say that the manager is "out". 
Stuff like this should NOT happen in 2015. It's sad that this kind of hatred and terrorism still goes on. It's a shame, but I would NOT recommend purchasing any pizza ever again from this establishment. 
Thanks for your time.It's dominos pizza. It's exactly what you expect. Fair pizza at a decent price. The staff at this one has no concept of customer service, though.If I could give zero stars I would. We ordered the bundle for St Jude's this weekend because we were entertaining guests for halloween. 2 pizzas, Parmesan bites, cinnamon twists and, a 2 liter. Naturally the 41-50 minute quoted time was fine because it was a lot of food. 2 hours later and no food. I called and was told "yeah everyone is calling about their orders we're mad busy." And was promised my food was on the way. 20 minutes later the driver shows, not only did he make me walk down to the end of my block and around the corner but, he was missing half our order, takes back what he has with him and says he'll go get the rest and come right back. An hour and a half later still no food. I called and the girl offered me a $30 credit for next time to which I requested a full refund. Eventually she gave us the refund and said they could make us fresh pizzas and send them but it will be another hour before they arrive. I declined as it had been almost 4 hours since I ordered. This establishment is garbage and has no consideration. From what I gathered it seems they only had 1 delivery driver for the entirety of center city. Absolutely disappointed and turned off. Still waiting for the $30 credit and the refund we were promised as well.Charged my card for the pizza via online order and delivery driver did not know so there was a double charge when I ordered pizza for a friend.  I called to sort out the problem and was interrupted on the phone saying to call back the next day.  The pizza that arrived was cold and tasted like real garbage.I love Domino's but this location is THE WORST. Took over two hours to get one pie delivered at what should have been a relatively un-busy time; was hung up on multiple times when I called. Pizza was cold, but I don't think it was the driver's fault- I think there were management issues going on because after the quality check, my pizza was wasn't even sent out for delivery until I called an hour later.Took a hour to get my pizza.  The delivery driver did not speak English intelligibly. The pizza was stone cold by the time I got it.  I was staying in a hotel downtown and the driver claimed he wasn't allowed inside the building after the store said they could deliver to my room.  Total waste of money.As another reviewer stated, it's Domino's, but yes, it is better than most Philly pizza. I actually don't mind Domino's, particularly their thin crust (the sauce tastes better on this crust for some reason) and the regular crust if I want a doughy cheesy junky mess. But I have to give 1 star to this location for now, because the incompetent morons who work here were just screwing around while my boyfriend waited for his pizza ("oh, are you John? It's been ready...") and then they gave us the wrong pizzas. The place seemed relatively empty, and our order still took about 10 minutes longer than they predicted...with the staff just chatting it up and lazing around. We were back in West Philly anticipating our mediocre pizza only to find...not our pizza. So, we drove back, and of course the correct order was cold at this point and they made us give back the incorrect order. A slight apology, but not enough to make up for the hassle. Sadly, I'll be back because it's still the best $6 pizza in the area, but I'll triple-check the order next time.The worst dominoes in the city. Called multiple times well before their closing time and couldn't even get them to answerI've always had decent service from this store until tonight. I received notification that my pizza arrived, even though it hadn't. No big deal -- I know mistakes happen. So I called the restaurant and explained the situation. The woman who answered was very rude when I couldn't understand her lack of clarity over the phone. I waited 20 more minutes after my food was "delivered" and called again. This time she didn't say anything and I was put on an infinite hold. I was just about to pack my things and visit the store in person to deliver my angry tongue when the driver pulled up with my order....45 minutes after the supposed delivery.  Almost 2 hours after ordering. The driver was run of the mill, as if nothing went wrong. Poor, disappointing service. The pizza itself was mostly fine, hence my second star in this review.I waited over 1 hr and 30mins to get my order which they messed up. I paid extra for toppings but they did not include them on my pizza. I don't wanna go crazy over a couple bucks but it is really disappointing especially because i waited for so long! And to complete this mess, they did not even cut my pizza at all. Sigh.. no more dominos for me i guess.Super staff.  My mistake with an order.  They replaced it at no cost really quick.  Recommended.Absolutely horrible service and the manager, Jackie, needs to go or realize how she should do her job. Ordered a pizza that was put out for delivery at 12:49pm. I live 1.3miles from the store and still hadn't gotten it by 1:17. I called the store and spoke to Jackie, who was extremely rude. She told me that there was a mix up with the order before mine, that the driver had to go back but was on her way to me now. After speaking to multiple different people,getting multiple different stories and being hung up on..still hadn't gotten food by 2pm. I called to cancel and Jackie didn't understand what the issue was with food sitting in the car for over an hour now, responded with "well what do you want me to do about it?" And then proceeded to actually talk over me and completely interrupt me as I explained the issue. Hope dominos records their calls so they can have an idea of how their customers are being spoken to. Completely unprofessional and not how you should handle this type of issue.The suck. My pizza was cold,it took them 2 hours to deliver it and whenever I asked to talk to the manager they would keep me on hold. I will never eat from there again.This store is GHETTTOOOOO! as HELL... Just like all other reviews over an 1hr late for delivery. I used the app to schedule my order to be delivered by 7pm ... order shows up at 8pm and COLD as ice. Delivery driver couldn't have been more callous. Called to complain, store manager gave same excuse as all other reviews here "We're Busy, Lots of Orders" ... Well Hire More Damn Drivers.... He too couldn't care less. 
Domino's needs to shut this store down, or at least clean house of such incompetent callous people.You can tell these workers are just there for their paychecks, there whole demeanor exudes it.
DON'T! order from this store.I am so glad that they're open late, however I asked for marinara sauce and they did not provide me with the sauce. I guess I'm okay with this.I've ordered from this store a couple of more times since that first terrible experience and its been a much better experience.  My order has come on time, drivers have been pleasant, and the food is always pretty solid. Will keep using them for late night orders.We ordered about 5 times in a month in between my roommates. We specifically made sure they were bringing garlic sauce for the bread bites each time, and we were paying for them. They forgot them every single time. Even when we called the next time explaining this to make sure they would bring them. After four times we got free breadsticks. But even that time they didn't bring any sauce for the boneless wings...Never again.2 stars only because the food was still warm when it got here, however it should have been piping hot considering I'm 4 minutes away from the store and I received my food a hour later. I really should have read the reviews first, this is ridiculous! This store needs to be shut up down, or needs a new management team. I understand dealing with upset customers but you should have better answers than "I don't know". That is unprofessional. Please read these reviews before you order! My order was not incorrect, just extremely late.Today was a rough day for both me and my friend. But we decided what better way to turn a bad day into a great day than to order from our local Domino's. Boy, were we pleasantly surprised. Not only did the pizza arrive in less than a half hour, but we also had a blast tracking it. We thought that once the order arrived, we would be completely underwhelmed and disgusted. On the contrary, Domino's garlic bread sticks and cinnamon knots taste like they are dusted in crack. We highly recommend the garlic butter dipping sauce. Although, a word of caution: if the world continues at this rate, we are all going to look like the people from Wall-E. 
Thank you, Domino's. Danger is your middle name but Delicious is your first.HORRIBLE service today.  My husband was tracking our order, and it showed the pizza was sitting for 40 minutes in the warmer.  He called twice to ask about the delivery. The first time they said it was out for the next driver.  The 2nd time the phone answerer said something like, "Why do you want to speak to the manager?  He isn't going to deliver your pizza."  She then hung up on him.  He called a 3rd time to say cancel the order, because it's going to be cold and soggy.  This was never communicated to the driver, who showed up with the pizza. We told him we had cancelled the order because it sat in the warmer for so long.  We feel a little bad for the driver, but this was horrible customer service.Why, God? Second try. Still underwhelmed. It has been an hour and a half now and still no pizza. I understand busy. I understand mix ups. What I dont understand is why people waste their time doing a job they're not proud of and dont give a shit about. What I do understand is that the delivery driver is going to get to my house and eventually get to take my pizza home because I'm not paying for it. Godspeed.I work a lot.  I get home late. A lot.  This place delivers consistently and conveniently every time I order.  Food is always hot and delivered in a timely manner. The people who deliver the food are always polite... even at 323am.  
Seriously.  Be thankful.  
Thank you guys.called to find out the status of our order, as it was 25 minutes past the latest ETA.  Girl was extremely short, rude, and hung up on me.  Called back and got the same inconsiderate, unprofessional, and all around terrible employee.  Hope she never gets a raise rather gets demoted to janitor so she deals with more crap all day.it only took domino's 50 years to go from making pizza that tastes like cardboard, to pizza that tastes like thicker cardboard.
i am totally not impressed with this new recipe.This place is trash, order from ANY other dominos. Waiting over an hour and half for a shitty frozen pizza? I ordered from dominos because it's cheap easy and fast and this is none of those things. Tried calling about 10 times to cancel and was hung up on each time. Still haven't even gotten my pizza so who knows if it'll actually get here at allA very professional staff that makes great looking food... I ordered on a Friday night and still delivered to me in less than30 mins... wasn't like this in my old place but happy to appreciate this sort of fast service here!!! Will definitely be recommending this place to friends.I order here couple times pizza was always fresh and delivery wasn't bad it usually take them 35 mins or so. Last night I tried their Brooklyn style crust and it's my first time trying this crust and a piece of my crust is missing!!! I never experienced anything like this!!! And that worry's me like...did the delivery guy took a piece of the crust cuz he's hungry or the person that was making it ate it??!! Lol like wtf. How can you send a order like this to a customer!! That's unacceptable and I waited a hr.Against my better judgement I ordered from the Domino's at 716 South Street in Philadelphia, literally 6 blocks from where I am staying. I say "against my better judgement" because my host already had an incredibly bad experience ordering from this location. In his situation he was promised a free order by the manager of this store, which was then not honored by the store and is now in dispute with the credit card company. Thinking this was perhaps a one-time problem, I placed an order myself days later. I ordered at 2:08pm. It didn't arrive till 3:45 pm, an hour-and-a-half later, and one pizza was smooshed against the lid. They also didn't deliver the Ranch dressing that I paid for. When I called the store and asked for consideration (a discount, a gift, or something), he said he could not do anything for me. I told him then that I will not order from this location again, and I will write a review to post to Yelp, so here it is.I am so disappointed.  I ordered using the Domino App. I ordered a large Brooklyn style pepperoni pizza, 1 liter of coke and cinnamon breadsticks with (2) icings.  My pizza was soggy, the pepperoni was terrible tasting.  I only received one icing even though I ordered two and no liter of Diet Coke. What a rip off for $35.  I am writing my review here because the app wouldn't allow me to type comments.  I will be writing to corporate as well.  So much for Dominos changing their image.Our delivery man was a complete retard. Not only did he refuse to bring us our order, he also refused to acknowledge that our hotel existed. The conversations that we were forced to have with this individual on the phone were infuriating and frustrating beyond belief. Finally, upon sending them a picture of our hotel phone with the address, they finally agreed to bring us our food. Regretfully, we agreed to accept their pizza. This entire process took about 90 minutes. In addition after silently acknowledging he was in fact an idiot, the pizza was left at the front desk where we had to walk all the way downstairs just to retrieve it.Two hours after order no pizza. Called three times. All said pizza would come soon. Didn't ever.Don't bother-and whatever you do, DO NOT pay up front. It'll be money lost. I ordered a pizza that never came (despite the "tracker" reflecting that It had been delivered) and when I called to check what happened, they couldn't tell me. I was placed on hold for 10 mins and eventually I hung up. No one called me back with any explanation. Pathetic customer serviceThe delivery is awful.  Two hours late on one occasion (they went to the wrong address), delivered the wrong order to me on another occasion (after a one hour wait).  I've ordered from Dominos in New York, New Hampshire and Massachusetts, but this particular Philly branch at 716 South Street seems to be the worst in history.  It's not just that they mess up--it's that they consistently mess up and they don't seem to know what to do about it.Only do carry out. I've order from here a few times now. Never been less than a 1.5 hour wait for delivery.I cannot believe that I am saying this but I'm surprised by all of the negative yelp reviews.
This is our go-to at 11:40pm on a Friday when literally all other places essentially are closed for delivery. We usually get cheese (either thin crust or regular) with black olives. That is my JAM. We also are slutty and get a pasta of some sort and most recently began ordering their CHEESY BREAD.
The pizza, although isn't like famous NY pizza, is good! The crust is good, and the toppings are standard. It does the trick. The pasta could be more al dente but the sauce is ok. the cheesy bread on the other hand is TO DIE. I would ask for an order of this (in addition to cheesy gordita crunch from taco bell and many other things) for my last meal if I was on death row. The bread is soft, the inside is super soft and CHEESY, and it tastes DELICIOUS. 
Yes, I now cannot eat for a year after having this twice over the weekend (hehe) but when all else fails, this is a fair choice.Definitely deserves a zero. 1 started my online order at 6pm. Bread bowl pasta, specialty chicken bbq with NO BACON. Received order at 6:30pm. It has BACON . Called a lady named Mary said she would remake it and send another one . 7:20 no replacement. Called again she left didn't put order in for remake. Another guy answer and he put order in for me. Just got my order at 8:00 pm . Lousy service. They need undercover boss badI am currently sitting in my hotel room waiting for an order that was placed 2 hours ago. Delivery was scheduled for 45-53 minutes and the when I call i am getting a busy signal. At this point my girlfriend is asleep and I can no longer wait up for this food. Very disappointed!Come on, it's Domino's.
To call it pizza would be a polite compliment.
It's... edible. Incredibly hot out of the oven. The cheesy bread is probably the most basic form of carbs you need if you're drunk.THE WORST - Will NEVER ORDER FROM HERE AGAIN. Have been waiting over 2 hours for my order and have already called the store twice. The first time, the person that picked up said that my order was still sitting at their store waiting for the driver after waiting for over an hour. On the second call at the 2 hour wait time, a different person picked up with such unprofessional, rude customer service; was placed on hold for a few minutes, then he picked up, cut me off mid-sentence asking for my address and as soon as I told him, he said 'on its way' and hung up without allowing me to get in a word. Now still waiting for the order, going on 2.5 hours. Would NEVER ever order from this location or recommend. If I could give it 0 stars, I would.Choked on plastic baked into pizza. Never have I had a worse experience with take out in 30 years.They generally get the order correct and delivered within a reasonable amount of time. If they f**k up an order they correct it in a timely fashion and apologize sincerely.  They're our go to place for pizza after P**a J**hns on 40th St continually mess up our order.We saw the 1/2 price special you can get when you order on-line and usually LOVE Domino's Pizza, so attempted to order dinner on-line. The on-line app did not work. After 4 tries, called local Domino's to ask if we could just order over the phone. Was advised that they "do not have that button", so agreed to pay full price, just to get an order placed.  Once I agreed to full price, then she ask if it was for delivery or pick up.  Advised her we needed it delivered.  She then advised me that it would be a 3 hour minimum delivery time. I GAVE UP!!!!  Apparently, there's just no way to order a pizza and get it delivered, even at full price, never mind the 1/2 price supposed deal!  What a joke that advertisement is! Just by coincidence you can only get it 1/2 price on-line, but then the on-line order just plain will not work!This dominos took 2 hours to deliver my pizza and once it came it was cold. So the manager gave us a free large pizza credit and then when we called to use the credit they told us that manager doesn't work there anymore and therefore we don't have a credit anymore. How does that even work?? Don't order from here.Wow, I've never eaten here, but after the Philly Clean Plates post I just read, I don't think I ever will. If you're gonna own an run a restaurant, it's your responsibility to keep it clean and follow the proper guidelines. That inspection report was stomach turning to say the least.If I could give negative stars I would . I am completely annoyed by the way that this location is ran. At this point y'all really need to shut down this location because there are too many issues. I haven't ordered from this dominos in two months because the last time y'all stole my money and never delivered my food. Which makes no sense, if you couldn't deliver my food you should have said so instead of making me wait for 3 hours. I am now upset because i ordered pasta and the brownie cookie and the store calls about an hour after I ordered and the tracker on the app says they are checking my food to tell me that they don't have either item. So the cashier asked me to choose something else which I did and he said I would get my food. I called an hour later and there is a new cashier who knows nothing about the new order I put in. So I was told that I would have to put my order in again and pay fees again although my card was already charged. I am pissed off and I need to speak to someone who is in charge of this store. Because at this point they are just stealing money. DONT USE THE AppDo not order here! First of all the delivery time will be approximately 1-3 hours depending if the person delivering is in a good mood and want to deliver your pizza at all. Second of all if you call them, not even mentioning your order number, they will say that "ITS NOT HERE SO ITS ON ITS WAY". Well it's not here either so better check on your driver where he is at.Absolutely horrible service. They can't seem to get a delivery address right. Counting today the last FIVE times I tried to order there's a problem.. They either show up to the right number but wrong street. Or today when I called  to ask where the delivery is the girl that answered was instantly rude and the HANGS UP ON ME. After she's says
"sorry tried to call you 3 times so I cancelled the order" 
well there's the call log.. where's the 3 missed calls? So it's safe to say I will NEVER order dominos again.Retards. After over an hour waiting for my food they show up missing my wings. I called the store and they said the wings were there and they were waiting for the driver to come back. Another hour goes by which by then you'd think they would make new wings but NO. Fucktards sent me 2 hour old wings. Useless and careless. Good luck amounting to anything in life when you can't even get a simple food order/delivery right.2 hours wait for a pizza!!! 2 hours!!! By the time It came, it was cold. They didn't even try to come up with an excuse for being late. As if they didn't care.If I could give negative stars then I definitely would!!!
I ordered almost a week ago through the App on Saturday. I waited about an hour and nothing. So I called and a women said that they only had two delivery drivers and that they were busy. I understood this so I  waited patiently. I hits 2 hours and still don't have my food. The women who answers now says they are down to one drive and that my order should be going out soon. By this time the store was closing.  I kept calling and luckily I was able to get someone who said my food would be coming. After waiting 4 HOURS, I just gave up and figured that i was not getting any food. 
The next day I call and ask to FINALLY have my food delivered and the person says they cant give out free food. Which I do not understand since i had already paid for it. She says i will have to talk to a manager and to call back after 6 pm. So i called back at 6:30 and they tell me that they are busy and to call back in about 30 min. SO i gave them time and called back and they still said the Manager was busy. So at this point i  told them something needs to happen and i want my food and or a refund.  
They said if they closed and my food wasn't delivered that my order would be cancelled and i would be issued a refund in 2-3 days.  So i had to put in another order in which i paid cash for and they forgot all the extra sauces that i was charged for. 
It has been almost a week and still no refund and everytime i call the store they say that the managers are too busy to talk to me. This store will never have my business again!!!I ordered from here at 12:26. I called at 1:30 to make sure my order went through and they said it was on it's way. I NEVER received my pizza !! I called back to speak with a a manager and she hung up on me. Very disrespectful. I called back to say the call got disconnected and another person was talking to me and still said they can't do anything about it. Terrible customer service all I wanted was some pizza !!Messed up our pizza order. Came two hours later, cold. And didn't even give us the right drinks. When we called to complain and ask for the right drinks they hung up on us.Just moved to Philly and after a long day of unpacking and settling in I ordered delivery from this location. Ordered online and the ETA was 35-45 minutes.  After an hour and 15 minutes I called the store to see if there was a mix up or something.  The guy who answers the phone rudely goes on to say "We called you 7 times and no one answered, how can we deliver your order if you don't answer your damn phone". I explained that wasn't possible, the phone was beside me the entire time with no missed calls.  He then said he personally called me from the store because the driver was waiting outside and goes "listen man do you want it or not".  It was 3:15am and getting late, so I told him no I don't want the order if you're going to talk to me like that and to cancel the order. I get ready for bed, dose off, and a half hour later my phone goes off and the driver is at my front door. I go answer the door and tell the driver I ordered almost two hours ago (I didn't tell him my conversation with his coworker on the phone) and the driver says they were short staffed and swamped. Partly because I felt bad for the driver and also cause the food smelled amazing I ended up signing and paying for the order.  I opened the box and the pizza was hot and obviously had been made within the half hour since I spoke to the store. Clearly the guy on the phone was lying. I've ordered from Dominos for years when I lived in Chicago, Miami, and Toronto and never dealt with this kind of nonsense.  I'll give them another shot but if this happens again looks like my future orders will go somewhere else.So I never had a bad experience with dominos before I love this place !!!! But after today &' with the person I spoke to over the phone I will never again order from here!! Dominos charged me twice for my order lastnight I called them today to ask them about it and the person I spoke too was really rude and arguing back with me about the money dominos took from my bank account . Talking about they can't do anything about it cause in their system it shows that they only charged me once but my bank clearly shows me that they charged me twice ! I will be going there to argue for my money back dominosPoor customer service. Never on time. For example ordered tonight one hour ago and they keep increasing delivery time. I can only tell this from their order tracker. Tried calling multiple times but the phone is off the hook - busy signal. Wish this wasn't the only place open this late.I was very disappointed in the service and delivery took 1 hour 20 minutes! And I'm only about a 10 minute drive from this store!  The food was lukewarm at best!  I am usually a good tipper but $1 was all I gave for the poor service!  And when I called to inquire about my order, all they would say is that it was on the way!  Borderline rude and dismissive!  Although I like Domino's, I will not be ordering from them again!!  Update: a few weeks later, tried again- basically same thing happened again!  1 hour plus wait, lukewarm food and the same delivery person who must have taken the long way to my home!  Never again!  Worst ever!!Given it's Dominos, I'm not complaining about the pizza quality, it is what it is. Their service however, is the worst I have EVER experienced. Strike #1-food still isn't here 40 minutes after it's out for delivery = cold and soggy Strike #2- called to check on missing pizza. Rude woman answers the phone, and says, "I need you to hold," there is no hello, no thank you for calling Dominos, just I need you to hold. Hold for 3 minutes and give up when she doesn't return. Strike #3- delivery driver arrives, rolls down his window and shakes the pizza at me to pick up. I live in a walk up row home- he was expecting me to walk out to his car in my slippers in the RAIN to pick up my pizza because he didn't want to get out of the car. I said no, please come up the steps, and he just shaked the pizza out the window again. 3 strikes and you're out, I think I'll pass on this Dominos in the futurethey need to train their employees the correct way ...worst service ever ....they are dispicable !! if the phone number was wrong as they clamed which was a total bullshit lie ... why didnt u come knock on our door which was the correct home address !!  claimed that we gave them the wrong number but that was totally bullshit . made us wait for nearly 2 1/2 hrs for our food ... but we cancelled it  ...the nerve of them to say that gave them the wrong number really ????  they need to get their service improved or may as well get shut down ! so disappointed !I ordered at 11:23, the pizza arrived promptly at 1:15   Just under two hours. I ordered a pan pizza with pepperoni half onions which they manage to mess up, I called twice because the "tracker" said it was out the door at 11:52 and no one could give me a solid answer. Needless to say the pizza was barely warm, cheese was hardened and the driver never even got out of his car. Made me come to him. Never again with this place.I was staying in a hotel in Philly and ordered pizza for my kids after a long drive.  I have been waiting for 3 hours and I have spoken to the manager Shaquia twice and I still don't have my order.  This is the single worst service I have ever received from a Dominos.  I don't recommend ordering anything from themOrdered via App. Chose the coupon. Picked out toppings and waited to pick up. Didn't have any issues. Will use again.WORST PIZZA in Philadelphia!!!! Horrid, wretched crap!! Ordered 5 pies for an event and was grossly embarrassed! We all tried to find the cheese and sauce on the pizza-bread that was delivered... maybe if we sent it to a lab we'd know if there was any. Sausage was... gross and not like anything found on this planet. Pepperoni I guess was ok... but on this overly bready no-cheese no-sauce garbage, we would have done as well buying some real pepperoni and serving it on slices of bread. GROSS!!!! Oh and not a single pizza was cut through so it was not only a waste of money, but a huge mess for everyone. NO pride, NO RESPECT for OTHERS or YOUR PRODUCT, Domino's and the owner/operator at 716 South St Philadelphia Pa!!!!!!!!!!
SHAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!No matter what time of day you order food. It takes at least two hours to arrive. If you're hungry now don't order from this dominosI was vet disappointed in the service and delivery took 1 hour 20 minutes! And I'm only about a 10 minute drive from this store!  The food was lukewarm at best!  I am usually a good tipper but $1 was all I gave for the poor service!  And when I called to inquire about my order, all they would say is that it was on the way!  Borderline rude and dismissive!  Although I like Domino's, I will not be ordering from them again!!I have been waiting for over an hour for my pizza to arrive... I already called and waited on the phone for over 6 minutes, and when they answered they said "it should be here any minute." That was a half hour ago. When I called again, they hung up on me. I have never witnessed such horrible customer service, and the order that we received was completely wrong.Big Domino's fan. Love their pizza. This Domino's, however, is terrible. I've ordered their pizza several times. Each time they have messed it up. Here are the issues I've encountered:
-Each order that I've received has been late relative to the estimated time.
-The last order that I received did not have the most recent recipe. It did not taste like recent dominos pizzas but the ones from years ago.
-My most recent order was cancelled because they were not willing to deliver the pizza although the store was still open.
I would strongly discourage ordering from this Domino's. I love Domino's, but this one is terrible. I wish I could request that another Domino's would take care of my order, but it seems this one is closest and is the one that delivers to my location.We've had the worst experiences at this Dominos.  Three times they have gotten our order wrong and then, after telling us that they will make note in our file in order to give us a free pizza on our next order, they claimed we were making it up.  Terrible, terrible, terrible customer service with uninformed and rude management and staff response.  I've never posted a bad review before but absolutely felt compelled to let others know to STAY AWAY from this location.  There's one on South Street that was great.Holy Deliciousness! Domino's is good but sometimes certain locations are hit or miss. This location is a MAJOR HIT!! Their ownership changed recently and you can tell there is an emphasis and genuine care for the food as well as the community. JZ has done a wonderful job and I'm looking forward to visiting this location more often. 10/10 would recommend.I was very disappointed in the service and delivery took 1 hour 20 minutes! And I'm only about a 10 minute drive from this store!  The food was lukewarm at best!  I am usually a good tipper but $1 was all I gave for the poor service!  And when I called to inquire about my order, all they would say is that it was on the way!  Borderline rude and dismissive!  Although I like Domino's, I will not be ordering from them again!!  Update: a few weeks later, tried again- basically same thing happened again!  1 hour plus wait, lukewarm food and the same delivery person who must have taken the long way to my home!  Never again!  Worst ever!!Wish I could give zero stars. I manage a store on South Street and thought this would be a great place to order from regularly. Never again.
I went in after ordering online, with the website telling me my pizza and wings would be ready for pickup in 14-17 minutes. Okay, great. I show up over 20 minutes after and my wings aren't ready, just a few more minutes. No big deal. I'd rather them be fresh and hot anyway.
So as I am waiting, the girl up front disappeared into the back and I never actually saw her again. Over 15 minutes past and another girl asks if I've ordered. I said yes. She went to the side, and picked my order up. It had been sitting there for about 12 minutes and due to the lack of communication between their team, I was left standing there wasting my time when I could have just got a slice at Lorenzo's. And the WORST part is, because it was sitting there, my pizza was cold, not warm, cold, and the wings were clearly microwaved and tasted like shit.When I called to correct my order, the worker who picked up the phone was unnecessarily rude to me. Even though I listed out my order, I was apparently confusing her. A conversation that should've taken a minute ended up taking 10 minutes.This dominos took THREE hours to deliver one medium sized pizza less than two miles away. When I called they said "someone will be there shortly" and hung up. Well, I wouldn't be calling if someone was here quickly. After I called for the seventh time, they finally agreed to contact the driver. Rude customer service. The pizza was cold. Order from Philly style if you're in the area.This is the last time I will order from this Dominos pizza.
I ordered a large pie with green peppers and meatballs.
The pie was not cooked at all it was still the way. it was absolutely disgusting.
Another reason i wouldn't order from here is TAKES FOREVER TO DELIVER. 
Gross pizzaThis location is unprofessional.  When you call they don't even say, "Dominoe's how can I help you".   They say hello, so you are left wondering if you even called the right number.  We placed an order for delivery at 530pm and it still has not been delivered.  We called twice and they extended our wait by 45 minutes.  The app said our order was delivered but it wasn't and the staff said just keep waiting.  We called again, and someone said she spoke to the delivery driver and he was 10-15 minutes out.  That was obviously a lie because it has been 45 minutes past that time.  We don't even know if we are getting a pizza delivery tonight and I hope the rest of you don't trust Dominoe's with your game day or party pizza next time.  We are so disappointed and won't be ordering from dominoes again.  There are plenty of other pizza joints with better service that we would appreciate our business.Absolutely the worst store and worst store. I've never dealt with such awful customer service especially after they messed up our order. Never order. I was a loyalty member but I'm done.  I look forward to you going out of business.This location is in disarray. I went to pick up an order for a pizza and wings. I made the mistake of not checking the order before I left. When I got home, I realized my entire order was wrong. From the crust on the pizza to the sauces I had paid for. I returned to the location and asked to speak to the manager. I expressed the order was incorrect and she told me that I was unaware of what I had ordered. Just to be clear I have been a fan of Dominos Brooklyn style pizza since my freshman year of college in 2005. I have enjoyed it many times. The manager informed me that I did not know what I had ordered and refused to replace my pizza. Then they tried to tell me that they simply cut the pizza incorrectly and I was wrong. I hope the owner of this location takes my comments seriously because I have rarely experienced such ineptitude in the hospitality industry. I am shocked. And this location ruined my night. All I hoped for was a slice of pie and now I will never order from this Dominoes again.Out of 42 reviews, 37 are 1 star and 4 are 5-star reviews, so I think that says a lot about this restaurant and also that 4 people can be bought. Ordered from here 3 times and they've been SUPER slow 2 times, like 95 minutes after our left the store, still no pizza. Called and they said 10 minutes, but still no pizza. Sure Dominos gives me a free pizza every time, but it's not worth the aggravation. PLUS the app doesn't even choose the closest store, it always sends my order to this terrible store. Do yourself a favor and buy local!after waiting for a hour and a half i get a call to my hotel room that the pizza was delivered to someone elses room who told the delivery driver they didnt order pizza to begin with. (who leaves the pizza there after another room  number says that?) then offers to remake it so almost 2 hours later i get it. bad bad service from there managment and deliver driver. cafeful what u order u might not get it to its destination.I am writing this review at 6 pm while I am still waiting for my pizza order from 230 PM. YES, 230 PM.
I have called the store numerous times and no one is picking up the phone. I am left hungry and abandoned. 
What's sad is that I love Domino's Pizza so much that this is my 10th time experiencing downright terrible service from this place, but this is the last straw. 
This ungodly restaurant has lost a once faithful Domino's customer forever. You have ruined my love for their pizza.
If this driver has the audacity to show up at my house with what i know will be a sad, cold ass pizza, I am turning him away. 
NEVER ORDER FROM HERE.This location always gets my order wrong. I have given them a few tries but the management seems to not to be the best. I've called about items missing and the customer service is terrible. I would not recommend this dominos.The one star reviews here are all accurate. I don't understand how this Dominos is still open. Don't order from here unless you want the wrong pizza delivered, and then when you call to let them know, they lie to you and say they will bring you the correct one. The first time, I ordered a plain cheese pizza and they brought me sausage and pineapple. The 2nd time we ordered a cheesesteak pizza no veggies, and it came with peppers onions and mushrooms. Neither one corrected. Fool me once, fool me twice, etc. Don't order from here.The worst Dominos Pizza I have ever eaten. My order took over two hours and was very cold. When I called the store at an hour and a half the people answering were very rude. My recommendation is to find other food.  The complaint filing with the headquarters only gives you coupons that seem very cheap.I have been waiting 2.5 hours for my order. A delivery guy called and said he had arrived, when I went to meet him he was no where to found. I called him back and 10 minutes later he answers and says that he's not there and that someone else is delivering it. I have called the store multiple times with no answer. DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS LOCATION! Terrible service.This location is trash! Everyone I order from here it takes forever.... Delivery time itself is and 1hr+. My pizza is always cold.  So if your looking for something fast this is not the place. I always order the butter garlic dipping sauces and I never get it when my order is delivered but they sure do make you pay for it!Wrong order, ice cold. I called and asked them for a refund and was told "drive over here and give us the pizza". If I felt comfortable driving to your location I would not have waited 2 hours for delivery. Honestly, just stick to grubhub and get Pizza Brain or Slice.Ordered food late night on Thursday around 130. At 230 we called again to see where it was, we were told it left, at 3 we called again we were told it was on its way. It never came.Pizza was 2 hours late and arrived in awful shape. I waited 'til the 1.5 hour mark to call the store and ask about the delivery and the manager said, without asking for my details, "IT'S ON ITS WAY". I asked how they knew, because I didn't give them my address, and they said "your phone number" but my husband ordered from his account, which doesn't have my number attached - so there's no way they could tell from my dial-in. When I asked again for them to confirm that the order was received and en route, they hung up on me. I called back and they hung up without saying anything. Pizza was cold, gummy, and tossed around in the box; and the service was so bad, it's not even funny. Bad. Bad bad bad. Nope.Bro this dominoes took forever to bring me my one pizza.  And the fact that the tracker said they would be here over and hour ago is what upsets me so much,  so upset I did not read the reviews before placing my order!Tough....none of us should be ordering food from dominoes unless it's an absolute necessity.  It's even tougher when they don't deliver your food for over two hours and the store hangs up in your face, says "we're busy," and refuses to refund your money even when you don't receive your food....
Nevertheless all of our reviews are just hot air because who reads reviews prior to ordering dominos anyway.  Keep up your horrible service and keep stealing people's money..... god speed....dont be an idiot and think all the other negative reviewers are being dramatic...this place is trash.. the people who work here are some of the lowest human beings ive ever interacted with, food is always cold and will take minimum 2 hours to deliver 5 blocks.  
and to the girl on the phone who sounded like a whole dude who started snapping when i said hey man on the phone...no one asked for your gender, just wanted to know where my pizza was....and you sound like a man so stop bitchingTerrible service and rude to customers on the phone.  Too many times for me to count I've had to wait nearly 2 hours for a pizza despite the app telling me my pizza has already been delivered.  The app should have a feature that gives the estimated wait time...but instead it has a "pizza tracker" that lies to you.  I watched my pizza go into the "oven" twice in a row for one order.The worst Dominos of all time! My order never arrived and when I called the store they were very unprofessional and hung up. Wish I could give 0 starsDO NOT order a pizza from this Domino's.  Placed an online order and watched the Domino's Pizza tracker and indicated it would be 120 minutes. It didn't move after 100 minutes. So I called the store and they told me they cancelled my order.  The person I spoke with had a horrible attitude and they could have cared less whether customers were serviced or not. I repeat, DO NOT order from this locationI ordered a plain pizza To pick up and the online tracker said they've been quality checking the pizza for 40 minutes so I thought maybe it wasn't correct and went inside to check and they said they messed up my order so now it's been an hour and I am STILL waiting on my plain pizza. So disappointedI don't think I've ever NOT had a problem ordering from this location. Whether it is screwing up my order, or bringing me cold food, or not entering my order into their system so my food doesn't show up. Placing a pizza order should take one phone call, not three or four. A customer should not have to wait for two hours for a pizza, or wonder if the food is going to be coming at all.
(Fun anecdote: During the Super Bowl, after more than a 90 minute wait, I was told  "we're too busy, we're not going to be bringing your pizza"). 
Horrible, horrible service.Wish I could give 0 stars. Ordered my pizza at 2pm and its 8pm now . It never showed up and live 5min away. I called multiple times and was hung up on.Good dominoes. Exactly the dominoes I sometimes want and crave. It's close to my house. They're fairly quick and never get our order wrong. 
Cheesey stuffed crust is life. 
Employees are nice even at 3 am on a Saturday.This is not the first time ordering from this establishment  but it will sure be the last.I honestly think that they just  throw anybody in the chicken here. Some one can't  make pizza to save their kuvea.The dough is crooked and the dough cutter is dull because this pizza has never been cut properly.More than likely the dough is undercook.I paid $23 dollars for this disaster.We mainly are the thin crust because it was the one most likely not to kill us.This location needs to be shut downI like dominos pizza but I have had it. Service is by far the worse of the worse of the worse of the worse of the worse. I tried to place an order for delivery and the guy on the phone tried to tell me fairmount is passed girard. Is it because he doesn't know the map or maybe because he doesn't want to deliver it? Something we will never know. Then he hang up. Right after that, I called back again and by some Miracle he got my order. He told me it will take about 45 to 55 min to get here. 
Moral of the story, food arrived in 15 min cold and it ended up in my trash can bc who knows what they did. 
Management, if u want to keep losing costumes that order frequently from u, keep doing what's u doing. 
You don't have to worry about me anymoreBest pizza I've ever had & I'm from New York. Would 10/10 recommend. I have never had a better slice of bread topped with sauce and cheese. These reviews are real. Don't waste your time or money. I decided to ignore the reviews because I was starving after a long work week and just wanted a pizza that was very standard and an easy delivery process and how bad could it really be? Needed it dropped off 6 blocks down the road from where this location was (it was freezing I didn't want to walk because I was exhausted, but it's a 3min drive max). Took a total of well over two hours. It was one medium cheese pizza. I'm not usually annoying about tracking these but I was so hungry and confused how one medium cheese pizza could take so long. The tracker showed the car sitting at the storefront for about 45 min and then driving all over the area when the drive should be a straight shot down the road for only a few minutes. Showed up ice cold. Like grab a slice and it's a brick kind of cold. Obviously left a bad rating when Domino's asked about the experience post-delivery and got a text from the store manager's personal cell phone saying "this is dominos. call our store and use this text as a free pizza coupon." No official coupon, code, or recognition from corporate or anything. Bizarre experience from start to finish. It's crazy it's still in business. Don't give them any more of your moneyRude managers. Unreliable delivery drivers. I get it you hate your job but hanging up on me is extremely rude. I will never be ordering from here again. The manager was rude, my order that was supposed to take a half hour didn't come until after almost 2 hours. Do NOT order delivery here they are horrible.Honestly my worst experience with a Domino's ever. I ordered online. The order never came. I ordered around 2:30PM. It is was 4:30 PM by the time anything was resolved. The delivery driver called me to tell me to wait outside he was coming down the street. I waited. I called back and he said he was at the building. I live in a house, not apartment complex. I tried calling back and was ignored. I called the store and got a let me call them and find out where they are comment. I had to call the store back to find out the driver had just left again with my pizza to go out and to wait 15 min., if not to call back. I called the guy to confirm and he was like I drove to your building and I was like no you didn't and he hung up on me very rudely. I called the store back after the 15 min. and just asked for a refund and ordered a pizza off of Uber Eats from a local joint. 2 hours for a cheap pizza is not worth it. 
The guy at the store did mention that they've had many issues with this driver, Martin. I've seen other reviews. Embarrassing the guy can't deliver a pizza to folks and still works as a delivery person. That will be the last time I order from Domino's at my current residence.I parked in front of this Dominos and as I walked to return to my car a delivery driver veered his car right in front of me to park in an adjacent space, coming inches away from hitting me with his Dominos-branded car. Then this tall, pale, overweight driver got out of the car gave me a dirty look. I guess the weekend overnight shift isn't held up to the same standards of hospitality. I'll take my business to a less hostile environment next timeConsistently late or the food never comes at all. Two hours later still no food is common. Call them and they'll give you the runaround and say the driver forgot all while being rude as hell. I don't know why this location is even allowed to stay open.If I could give -0 I could we had so many problems with the delivery and when we tried to contact manager he was to put it blatantly such a dick order from another dominos cause this one isn't worth it youll wait 2 hours for your food with no help.I'm so tired of leaving reviews for this dominos. But when I use the app it's my local one. It is not even close,THE worst dominos I've ever ordered from. This time they took 3 hours and I called the store the to figure out what Was going on. The  extreme unprofessional worker repeatedly hangs up phone on me. I get the frustration for everything that's going on but really? What kind of customer service is that. I'm paying my money to your store. I called multiple times. I truly wished any other dominos would deliver to me but this terrible place. The worst. Please don't order from here. Save you a headache. Been like this for a very long time.We ordered pizza for my sons birthday party at 12:45pm for 2pm; we called at 230pm and the driver hadn't left. We didn't get a call from the driver until 315pm. At 3:45pm we cancelled the order since the party was almost over! We will never order from here again.We placed an ordered. They mixed up things in the order. We currently still waiting for the icings 3 hours later. We called them to send us the icings twice.  Lady on the phone sounded like she was sleeping. She told us twice it will be there soon. Is been 3 hours. 
Worse service ever
Management if you like losing costumers, this is the way to go. 
You don't have to worry about me anymore.This dominos should be shut down if they dont know how to properly handle business.   I dont know who hires these people but they have absolutely no costumer service skills to the point where i have to argue with every worker that gets on the line. Ridiculous. I ordered the wrong thing online (at 7:30pm). When it got here at 9 i called the place to get it fixed and the girl gonna say theres nothing she can do and i cant re-order the correct thing then gonna say i can get store credit and use that but i cant use it at this moment and then hang up on me. When i finally reached them again the manager seemed to have fixed it "and sent another pizza" Its 9:30 and im waiting for my pizza and waiting and waiting. Called back a hour later says hes on the way. Called back an hour after that says he JUST LEFT THE STORE!!! It turns to 12:30 yall and i still have no fucking pizza. Called the place to have them decline the call EIGHT TIMES!! Like i know yall open. When they finally answered all they can say is that hes on the way. Asked for my refund and still havent gotten it. Absolutely terribleeeeeeeee.I usually love Domino's! I ordered a pizza from this location and it arrived cold and burnt. I decided to give Domino's another try after this incident and was disappointed again. No refund given just a free medium pizza which also arrived cold and burnt, just as the first. Never again.Literally this worst service I have ever received. They charged my card twice for my order, when I called to fix this they assured me they had corrected it, and then after half an hour had past, I called to see how far the order was and they rudely spoke over me and ignored me saying the issue was my fault. This is the second instance of this dominoes canceling an order and being rude when I tried to clear up any confusion.  If I could give zero stars, I would.Badddd baddd servicesss
Takes 2 hours to deliver and cant eben puck up the phone to give updates!!DO  NOT ORDER FROM HERE! I cannot stress this enough. The worst experience ordering anything in my whole life, and i ordered porcelain tea cup yorkies from Yemen once. I ordered and waited for hours, called the store ten times and food never came, even though it says it was delivered. Can't even get in touch with anyone for a refund. This store is joke and i dated Carrot Top. I know, i know. i'm rife with bad decisions. For all that is holy do not ever order from this store. For the love of god (i'm an atheist) DONT DO IT. Will probably never see a refund come through.Ordered one medium pick up pizza and even though they quoted me one time, it wasn't done for a full hour. 
Bad customer service and not really worth the trouble. Do a local shop instead with better pizza and better service, literally any other one.This Dominos is an absolute joke. I've ordered a few times now with the worst possible customer service. Both times the driver "couldn't find my address," (I live a few blocks away.) Then they call saying they've arrived. I go downstairs, and there's nobody at the door. The store then calls me, rude as hell asking why I didn't answer the phone. (I did. All three times.) I said I'm downstairs there's nobody here. I see the driver and he's across the street. They insist that I need to cross the busy street at 6PM to pick up my order and then hang up on me. The driver then makes me feel like an asshole for asking them to deliver it to my actual building- then reluctantly hands me my things out of the window (couldn't be bothered to get out of the car.) I had to ask for my drink. 
Luckily the food was decent, I was starving and had just gotten home from a seven hour flight so admittedly I was already kind of annoyed but still.Every, I mean EVERY GD Time, they will forget any extras including garlic oil, marinara sauce, etc... EVEN IF YOU WRITE THAT ON YOUR DELIVERY NOTE! I am not asking you to perform surgery!!!!!!!!Horrible customer service you pay they do not bring your food but tell you it's out for delivery will never order againAfter a horrible delivery experience I was made right. They deserve buisness they really do. Quick to deliver my broken order they made it riteI've ordered two times and waited hours with no results two times. I know some places do their best but this is insane. If you need pizza or literally anything just order somewhere else.This place is the worst. I ordered $50+ of food and it came 3 hours later. I asked for a refund and never got it. I don't even care at this point. I just wish no one would ever order from this business ever again. Terrible customer service, not very timely in terms of delivery, and shady for not refunding me like I asked. If I could give them a 0 out of 5, I would. Fk this place.After two hours the pizza hadn't come so I called the store, was on automated hold for about 15 minutes and nobody ever answered so I gave up. Food never came. Sent a customer service email through the website asking for a refund so hopefully that will come through If I could give zero stars I would. Ordered pizza at
8pm and it's now 10pm and still no pizza. I tried calling to see where it was and the manager hung up on me, so rude. Will never order from here again.I'm not sure why people are giving such negative reviews.... when you order Dominos you know you're getting Dominos and not some fancy pizza. Every time I order delivery from this location, the order is accurate, hot, and arrives within 30 minutes. Always delicious and predictable.Order pizza from this location, however, the pizza was never delivered. I was not refunded by the location. I had to reach out to Domino's main customer service center to be refunded as the location ignored multiple request.yes they take quite awhile to deliver (i'm sure it's not their fault- they are underpaid and overworked) but the driver always apologizes and today gifted a free full size bottle of coke for the wait.Waited an hour for our pizza. Called to ask where it was and was informed that the delivery driver was "leaving now" with the pizza. Called again 30-45 minutes later after checking the online tracking and seeing that we had been marked as having already received our pizza, just to be told they never even made it. Wasn't offered a refund or any kind of apologies, was just asked if we still wanted the pizza.Ordered late at night for me and my brother, didn't get no delivery, called them and woman on the phone wouldn't let me speak she just kept hanging up on my face.Made an order for 2 pizzas was unaware that there was a promotion going on so I actually paid less thanks to one of the workers Terrell ! The pizzas and cinnamon twist were delicious.Don't order from here period order from somewhere else or save ya bread horrible service!My friend and I ordered a pizza and we waited an hour when we called and the worker said the pizza was on its way but we called another half hour later and they had said that our pizza hadn't even been made yet. And they didn't even offer to add something to our order to apologize for the delay. It took us almost two hours to get ONE pizza.Ordered pizza to get here at a particular time and showed up 3 hours later. On top of that driver was over 2 hours with my pizza in the car. I'd avoid ever ordering from this dominos if you can avoid it and get a closer delivery from another location. Terrible customer service and no explanation given....
Reading all these yelp reviews now and they are TRUE! 
Nothing good comes of this location and I would avoid at all costsIf I could give a zero it would be a zero star rating. First of all the tracker said my food was delivered, and I went to check, and there was no food, or driver. I called and without saying a word they answered with "the order is out and will be there, then I said it says delivery, her response was "it's still going to get there!" followed by just hanging up on me. They sent my food cold, and 45 minutes after the estimated time. I called to try to get the food remade, instead they said they're just going to give me store credit, and hung up on me rudely. Tried to reach out to corporate about it, and they just replied with they relayed the message to the store, and someone from the store will be contacting me. This was December 9th that i ordered, it is now December 28th, and still nobody has contacted me. They try to give you store credit, but from this experience I don't even want to order from here again. So I spent money to end up reheating food that was supposed to arrive at the least warm.I was not happy with this experience.  I waited 45 minutes after ordering online. I was suppose to have curbside service, but ended having to go in. Still had to wait because it was not done.