I never thought tacos could taste so bad. Ordered three types of tacos: Le Frenchman, Little Vegetables, and Ta- Korea with tofu instead of steak. Paid almost $30 dollars for food that I didn't even want to finish. 
Living so close to this place, I was hoping this would be my go to taco shop but I'm definitely not going back.Great! I went a few days after they opened and got the mushroom tacos with jicama salsa. The meat tacos seemed pricey (I'm unsure of the market value for them, though), but the vegetable tacos were pretty cheap and very tasty. The man who took my order was very helpful and friendly, even consulting the chef when he was unsure how to answer a question I had. 
That raises an interesting point, though- the tacos I got were vegan, but no one knew it! I feel it would be more effective to note that on the menu. It would have saved a little time, and it would also attract other vegans like me. 
Anyway, they are brand new, so some kinks are inevitable- the packaging seemed a bit over the top (especially since I was asked if I would like my food to go, and I declined), the wait was a little long, etc. Once the workers and management get in the groove of things, I'm sure it will be a trendy little spot.I came here with a friend around 5:30pm on a Thursday evening. It was empty except for us. I was craving tacos and my craving was satisfied. Don't expect traditional tacos! I ordered the crispy pig and the pork was indeed crispy. There was a lot of sauce which made the taco messy to eat and there didn't seem to be a public restroom for me to wash my hands afterwards. I settled for wetting a napkin with my water bottle to wipe my hands.Went to get tacos on a Saturday night, sign says open until 3 am, I went and knocked at 12:30 am and they told me they were closerI now know why this place is always so empty. For $9 both the quality and portions were terrible. Meat was tough and the whole thing was greasy. I easily could have gotten more and better tacos at chipotle.What can I say... When you have a place that serves bacon on a taco I'm in. Got take out for dinner and it was great. Service was friendly and quick. Music was fun. The space is a little cramped in the restaurant but I guess you work with what you got. On to the food:
I got the Phat Pig tacos. They were soft tortillas(homemade and delicious) filled with bacon, crispy pork belly, lettuce, radish, cilantro and poco... When I say filled I mean it. They had to double up on the tortillas to hold everything. It was great... The only gripe I could've had was the pork belly was a little fatty... I mean fatty for pork belly. I got a big chunk in the middle of one of my tacos. I can't complain too much because that is expected with any pork belly dish.
Girlfriend got the Los Clasicos tacos. I just got a bite because she devoured them. Beef was cooked well and very cheesy which is a plus in my book. I enjoyed the crispy shells as a nice change of pace. It was a little spicy for my girlfriend, but not enough to stop her from eating them.
All in all very good experience and the food was great. We will definitely be ordering again.Ta-Korea tacos and the yuca fries are really delicious. (Probably the best yuca fries I've ever had.) I love ordering online ahead of time and picking it up. The line does get long during lunch hour, but that's to be expected. The price is reasonable and the tacos are big! I feel like I could eat more than two tacos but I do get pretty full downing the tacos and the yuca fries.Shrimp Tacos (El Jafe) Really legit.
It would be nice to get 3 tacos for what you pay. Just saying...Tried them for the first time today for lunch. I chose the veggie tacos, elotes and ginger brew. The whole thing came with a complementary side of chips. The tacos were flavorful and just really good. The elotes could have been juicier but in terms of flavor I cannot complain.
I went late to avoid the typical lunch crowd so thanks to that there were only two people ahead of me and the food took merely 3 minutes to come out. 
The guys were super friendly and helpful when asked for their expert opinion on what to choose.
Will def be back and try the other tacos on the menu...since they all sound delish.Seriously some of the best fish tacos I've had. The blue corn coating was delicious, and the pickled cabbage was fresh and crunchy. I ordered through MealPal, so my tacos were very reasonably priced. Can't wait to go back!Got take out for lunch today because yesterday my colleague had the mac and cheese, which I tried and it was delicious so I went myself today to get some. Unfortunately, it tasted as if they had made it yesterday and warmed it up to serve today, it was not creamy or anywhere near the quality that it was yesterday. I also had some tacos. For $8 the taco's should be good and full. Both taco's were insufficiently filled, if I had put the fillings from both into 1, it may have passed for enough filling. The tortilla was cold, and not to my liking. My friend had different taco's which were also not filled enough.  We were both disappointed. The cashier was nice.DELICIOUS.  I can't get enough of this new spot.  Very excited that it's opened so close to center city and the product is as good as can get. Price point is very fair for 2 (DOS TACOS) and I can't wait to try all the other items on the menu.Very disappointed. My first time going to dos tacos was a little over a year ago and it was incredible. It was expensive for a taco, but at least it was an awesome taco. This year when I went I got the saddest excuse for an Al Pastor that I've ever had. the amount of meat in both tacos was less than one of the tacos from a year ago and the toppings weren't even all there. It's like they stopped trying. I'm giving it a 3 star because my first experience was around a 4.5 but my last experience was barely a 2.  I went with 3 stars because I think they have potential but right now I wouldn't waste your money.This place is great! Especially the yucca fries and classic tacos, they're just fantastic!Blah. That was a major disappointment. The decisions you make when the weather is less then ideal! Two extremely bland, pork tacos that were wet as hell when I opened the box from the grease and juices. They did come with a beautiful, singular wedge of lime. The tacos needed salt, flavor, sauce, cheese, just to name a few things. They set me back $8. Their receipt literally says "the best taco ever". They should include the fine print "Within 10 feet from this store location".Did not order food, I walked in and asked how much the taco was, I had a Rolex Daytona watch on and the guy behind the desk looked over and said "why are you worried about price with that watch", in a disgraceful tone. Two of my friends did order food and said it was not good quality.Got the ta-Korea and was expecting bulgogi inside but instead got really tough steak that hurt my jaw to eat. Couldn't even take a bite out of it without the whole steak coming out. Tacos were also pretty expensive.So much potential, so much let down. I was so excited because I got a new job downtown, and, holy crap! Tacos just a block away! I really wanted to like this place. My first order was the Classicos Tacos and the Mac and Cheese. The meat in the classicos was good but the hard shells were nearly burnt. The mac and cheese had some redeeming qualities, I mean it's pasta and cheese, what's not to like? But it was kind of more like soup and the pickeled jalapenos were way too sweet to belong in this dish. It wasn't great but it wasn't bad, so I thought maybe some of the more specialty tacos were where it's at. I gave them another try with the Old School Al Pastor tacos. Cold tortillas, dry/chewy pork, sugary sweet sauce and hardly any filling overall and for almost $10?! Getthefukouttahere. Keep walking, this place isn't worth it.Waited at lunch time a long time after ordering (only  2 orders ahead of me) to get my Crispy Pig tacos and quest/chips. 
Tacos were supposed to have Kim Chee vegetables but didn't. Pork was not crispy. Flavor was good but expensive for 2 small tacos. 
Queso was burnt and the chips were extremely stale. $15 lunch - very disappointedCousin proposed we check out this place for lunch. The inside is small with only 3 tables. The menu is short and concise but descriptive enough. I tried the Korean steak taco with yucca fries and a root beer. I also ordered the spicy mayo sauce for an extra charge. It was $17 and change. When I picked up the taco a bunch of liquid spilled out. The steak was cooked well but I didn't love the corn taco and flavors were somewhat bland. The mayo dip was good but was only given a small half filled cup for a price of around 55 cents. The yucca fries were good in the dip but slightly undercooked. I wouldn't really recommend this place unless someone wanted a unique taco experience due to its prices and the fact that my experience was average. I recommend the sauces be free or offer more if you have to charge. I recommend give the ability for patrons to order different tacos since they're paying a premium and most likely wouldn't make this place their daily stop since the taco choices are unique.We got Dos Tacos a few months ago at work and I've been hooked since. In fairness I can't manage to order any other taco than the Kamikaze because well, it's phenomenal. Is it cheap? No. But I personally am not too excited about the after effects of cheap raw ahi tuna. Is it fast food? Also no. But it's worth the wait and we all know what fast food tacos look like. Tostones are also awesome and not always on the menu. And bonus that they are eco friendly! Can't say enough good things.SO good. Best tacos, Don't settle for uno taco, make sure you get Dos.Good tacos but the price is a bit steep. I got the Phat Pig which was pretty good. The corn tortilla's are decent and hold it together pretty well. My wife got the Ta-Korean which she thought was decent but the beef was a bit tough. The taco prices were ok, a little high, but the drinks? $2.75 for a Fiji water or Mexican Coke is a bit much. The yucca fries were very good though. I might come back and try something else but won't be buying a drink there...Well running out of work for a few minutes I wanted to grab a meal quickly as I was still on the clock.  Dos Tacos is not for the quick grab a bite to eat crowd for sure!
There was one other person , and two workmen? (not sure, they were behind the counter too so not sure if they worked there, friends or whoever). They did take up two of the tables though and were chatting with the staff behind the wall.   Ordered some of the fish tacos that was on the board outside.  That was at 11:56am.  $9 for two tacos.  No one else was in the very small shop outside of one female customer.
After 20 minutes of waiting for my order I went up to ask when exactly they were going to be done as I saw other people ordering and getting their orders which prompted me to ask.  The blank stare and the "what?" from around the corner of the workers said it all.  At that point I just politely asked for my money back as I had to run now that I was late.   More conversation between the staff.  "did he finish the soda?  just give him back the money for the tacos".   $9 back.  As I was walking away I did hear  "did you want these tacos? They are done".  I said no thank you and the parting remark said back to me was "whatever...".   Yes,  I have very good hearing Mr. Whatever.
I can't comment on the quality of the food as I never had a chance to sample it.  $9 I feel is a bit steep for two tacos, but "whatever...".   No sorry, nothing but "whatever..."
Plenty of other places to get good tacos in the city - Giwa makes kicka%% korean tacos (and fast!) and El Rey makes killer tacos too.  I suggest you spend your money in one of these other establishments.Not anything special here.  Way too expensive for some tacos.  Sides are small and also too expensive.  If you are in the Philly area and near El Limon, I would hit them up instead.Looking for pizza at 2:00 in Rittenhouse? Good luck. 
Fortunately, we did stumble (literally) upon this place. Our group tried 4 different tacos and they were all really good. Our favorite was the phat pig, followed by el jeffe. And the yucca fries were salty, fluffy, crispy awesomeness!Heard dos tacos was one of the best taco spots in Philly and after trying them, I can see why! I got the los clasicos and my boyfriend got the ta-Korea. Both were excellent. In case you didn't figure it out by now, you get two tacos per order. It's only been open for 4.5 months, but they're doing well for themselves so far. It's not a place to sit down and eat. There's no place to sit, just a couple tables to stand and eat if you wanted to stay there. Great for take out and they're open til 3am for you nightlife lovers. Love the music bumpin' inside and outside the establishment. Definitely want to go back and try more of their options and wish I ordered a churro! Next timeCheap and delicious and crazy filling. I got the phat pig and ta-korea. Both were fantastic and it's one of the few places I can find that sells boxed water. And the churros are amazing.  Everyone who works there is very nice too.Adequate.  The quality is above average.  The facility is small, with very limited seating, though this isn't unusual in the city.  The ambiance isn't noteworthy either way.
The major problem is that you get little for your money.  The tacos are rather small, and come with no sides whatsoever.  A standard meal of two small tacos plus a bottled water, ran me $10.  This isn't an unusual price for lunch downtown - but given the petite size of the meal, it left me wanting.Just stop in because I saw there taco Tuesday sign out front.  Had two (dos) tacos which were great.   But on top of that the atmosphere was fun, people behind the counter were inviting, and the price was right. I'll be backNot the best. My fish tacos had very little fish for $10 and generally just didn't taste good. The fish was dry and overcooked to the point of being like weird fish jerky. In general, there wasn't much flavor to them too.Pleasant staff and very hospitable. The tacos were simply amazing, great flavor and not an overuse of too many ingredients. All the meats were cooked perfectly and seasoned well. There wasn't a wait when I got there and my food came out fast as well. Have gone there a few times already and will continue to go in the future. They have something good on their hands here. Try the corn as well it's perfect in addition to the churros. Ta-Korean and fat pig are surreal tacos.Hey man - I think the Tacos are decent and good. Fries are yum. good veg options. They are cool people and staff. One thing. Your Churros suck :(. They are too thick and kinda raw inside. They need to be thinner. Make sure everything on the menu is awesome, I'd rather go to a place that only sells 5 things and all 5 are great. Then has 10 and 5 out of the ten things are meh..keep on working and improving. will keep trying.I really wanted to love this place, it has a nice atmosphere and interesting food. I went with my co-workers, and I feel bad that I encouraged them to go with me. We were supposed to go to Su Xing instead. I ordered the shrimp tacos, yucca fries and a ginger ale. The best thing about my meal was the ginger ale. The fries were tasteless globs of fried potato the sauce is necessary, and the tacos had very little flavor. The worst thing is that one of my fries had a TOOTHPICK fried inside of it. Never again. As my co-worker put it "a costly mistake"Can't say enough about the love of Dos Tacos.  Reasonably priced, different varieties of tacos which are filled to the max with many tasty treats.
My favorite, the Phat Pig (which is one of their best sellers) contains bacon, braised & crispy pork belly, lettuce, radish, cilantro, and pico de gallo.  
They have a lunch special, "The Hook Up," from M-F 12-2PM.  For $12.95 + tax, you get your choice of tacos, a side, and a drink.  
The sides are Elotes (Mexican grilled corn, Lime Aioli, Cotija Cheese, smoked paprika chili), Yucca Fries (YUM!), tortilla corn chip, and guacamole.  
There's a "20 Buck Bird" which is a whole rotisserie chicken with 8 tortillas , pico de gallo, sour cream, and elotes.  I haven't had it but it sounds awesome.
What's also awesome, but I don't live in Center City, is the 12am - 3am Thursday through Saturday late night menu when you really need a taco for __________ (insert reason here).
Dos Tacos = many more happy return visits!I went there 6/8/17 and ordered fish tacos. As I looked at guy fixing my order I noticed he put the tip of his thumb in his nose, wearing no gloves, picking up food items, opening the refrigerator door, handling the shells. He then used the back of one hand and rubbed it across his nose; I was sick. I asked for my money back, told cashier why and left. I will never go there again.Overall the tacos were good but I don't think they're worth $8-11 per order that only comes with 2 tacos. I was still starving after I finished mine but I wasn't trying to spend $20+ on 4 little tacos. I'd give them 5 stars if their prices were more reasonable, especially for a small in-and-out type spot. The wait can also get kind of long but it's worth it late at night when no where else is open.I stopped by because small shops are usually more interesting and high quality than chains, but was sorely disappointed. I had the fish taco, and the mahi mahi was more crust than fish, and there were only two tiny pieces in each taco. The other fillings were lacking as well, in terms of balancing each other and in quantity. The overall taste was rather sour without any ingredients standing out or providing an inspired combination. The tortilla was also cold and unheated. Will not be returning to this establishment.Ordered the fish tacos, thought they were a little too done, the slaw needed to be cut a little finer and too much aioli to top it off. The helping of queso was plentiful and the chips were good. 
Thought the portions were sized right, I generally eat kid's meal portions, but maybe a little overpriced. Which brings me to my last point, I didn't know how much anything was, no pricing on the wall menus, that I saw.Walked by was hungry and stopped.. Tacos are banging.. had the classic tacos. Not sure what they do to the shells bur yummy.. will Def be back!!I tried this place twice.   The tacos tasted pretty good but there was very little meat and tons of cabbage and other fillers just to make it look like a full size taco.   The corn and yucca fries aren't good.   It just a buttery dried corn they charge 5 bucks for.   I'm most likely not going back,  tons of better Mexican places for the same price.
Update:  I went back and got the crispy pig taco.  There was some very fatty "braised" pork but virtually no Kimchi and there was no cilantro at all.  I asked for some side salsa and they told me it was extra and I didn't order it.  Over priced, no good flavor, meat was okay.  Reducing from two to one star and never going back. Bye.The Hook Up is now 13.49 and instead of your choice of sides, you get chips with salsa and a Jarritos soda instead of a choice of anything.  Thank god the tacos haven't changed.Hours of availability and location seemingly drive the business associated with this "restaurant": after midnight, not too many options in center city exist for food, in general.
Brief comments...both the food and order service--there is no waitstaff--were sloppy.  Ordered the Los Clasicos and The Phat Pig; the Los Clasicos appeared as congealed solid taco masses, and were essentially inedible; Phat Pig, seasonless pork belly on borderline cold, double tortillas.
I'd argue that the majority of Mexican food trucks in the city are better than this store.  (Don't know if an app exists to find late night, reasonably priced, Mexican truck food...if so, please let me know.)Went here for lunch. The wait wasn't long to order or get our food. That was the good part.
The tacos were just meh. I had one Le Frenchman, one Phat Pig, and a bite of my friend's El Pastor. The chicken and el pastor were super dry. The Phat Pig had one small piece of pork belly covering half of my taco, and the other half had a lime wedge in it. The fries were decent, but overpriced. I got like six fries with no sauce for $3.50. 
I like the idea of this place, but the execution falls flat. It's open late night, so people leaving the bars will probably be into it. Website looks nice.Expensive(2 for 7). Pretty big tacos doe. Al pastor was really good doe. Not really authentic. But they aren't trying to be.As an actual Mexican/American growing up in TX and visiting family in Mexico my entire youth it bugs me to see chefs in Philly that acquire fame (Heffe in fishtown too) in previous ventures outside of Mexican cuisine then have the idea of making easy cash jumping on the taco train. Let's face it, the taco business, if executed properly can be lucrative, but let's not kid ourselves, real Mexican culture shows through when done right. 
I've actually been here twice, each time bought the Korea and the Pastor thinking it may actually be good. The proteins weren't terrible. I came back the second time because I really wanted this place to work out for me since I work so close... But this second time really took a turn for the worse. 
My issues:
1) Tostones - I mean come on! This is not only NOT Mexican but you're selling something that is resident to the Afro-boriqua culture here in this Mexican environment
2) Extra Loud Music - Salsa music so loud I actually thought about leaving before I ordered. I don't understand how the employees still have their hearing after a day of this. Again, Salsa is NOT Mexican. They only welcomed it when Celia Cruz toured Mexico with La Sonora Matancera in the 60's 70's but again, not MX.
3) The staff - This is going to sound racist but you clearly have non-Mexican Latinos running the place, Salsa music is blaring and you are selling Tostones on the menu as your "special". The staff was actually sweet and I had no issue with them on an attitudinal level but it seems as if other cultures are eroding what started off as a Mexican-inspired direction.
4) The tortillas - this is a major miss. Not only were they doubled up, but they weren't event grilled. I get it, Chipotle and Qdoba customers don't understand why it's important how to heat a tortilla so why should dos tacos? No self-respecting Mexican needs two tortillas to hold his taco filling. But then you don't even heat it? Just remove the kitschy dia de Los Muertos candy skulls off your brand identity, call it Dos Tortillas, add red beans and rice to the menu and call it Caribbean food.Dos Tacos--In English that means two tacos.
Good enough tacos, but not the upscale delights the price and menu insinuated.OMG. Best shrimp tacos I've ever had. The shrimp was cooked and seasoned perfectly. My friend really enjoyed her chicken taco as well. Sorry I can't remember the names! The yucca fries were also incredible. Cute, clean place. Cashier and other employees were incredibly friendly and welcoming. I'll definitely be back.I finally went in because I've drove past it a couple of times. I got the crunchy pork belly one. It was't bad, but it was't great. The tacos looked very skimpy and messy. For $9.72 I guess I was expecting something more than two measly tacos that looked kinda like crap. There was so much liquid in the container. Would I go there again, no. I would rather spend that amount on a full meal at taco bellsEpic drunk munchies spot in philly.  Each taco order comes with 2 tacos. This is the only thing I don't like about this place because it would be cool to mix and match. 
Yucca Fries:  thick, salty, and crispy with a creamy interior. 
Rice and beans:  really good flavor. You get a nice hint of cilantro which I think is unique. 
The Phat Pig:  
My favorite menu item. 
Bacon, Braised and Crispy Pork Belly, Lettuce, Radish, Cilantro, Pico De Gallo. Great salty and smoky combo. 
Ta-Korea:
Another great combo, but sometimes too spicy for me.  Flank Steak, Korean Bulgogi BBQ Sauce, Spicy Kimchi, Pickled CucumberThis place is dope! Great tacos and open late. They also have killer chicken cheese steaks. They are an "off the menu" item but they have them late nights on weekends.I consider myself a taco aficionado (i.e. pig) and this is the best spot in the city. Highly recommend  the Frenchman and El Jeffe and the churros are life changing. I come here for lunch but the hours also accommodate the late-night munchies. It's also always clean and the service is great.Tacos are good not great. Chips and guacamole were below average. For the price, expected much better, though staff are prompt and friendly.I had the El pastor, It was fatty meat and all you could taste was ice berg lettuce. I couldn't even finish them, they were that bad. The service was great but other than that this place needs an upgrade in flavor and quality.Great for a quick bite but not my favorite tacos in the world. I'd go pork for not so dry beef. It's cute and tiny and in the center of things.Tried Dos Tacos for dinner tonight with the wife.  We went there hungry and ordered a large number of things to sample.  All-in-all, it was good.  Good food, good service, good price...but just good.
Chica Flaca Salad:  Good.  A good combination of flavors and nice texture.  The tofu was extremely salty though.
Ta-Korea Taco:  Again, it was good.  The steak didn't have the best texture to it as it was a little grainy, but it had a good overall flavor.
Kamikaze Taco:  This was probably the weakest of what we ordered, which was disappointing since it was what I was most looking forward to.  I found the fish to lack much flavor and taste.  Just not much taste to it.
Little Vegetables Taco: I thought it was good for a vegetarian entree, my wife thought "it was fine."
Yucca Fries:  Seriously...these are out of this world. Incredible!  A must have!
Guacamole:  My wife described this best...."it was ok."  The taste matched the color, as it was a little off and had a brownish appearance to it. Just didn't appear real fresh.
So, as I said before, it was good.  I'd certainly go back and grab a quick bite on the way home from work but not really worth going out of my way for.  The portions were decent and appropriate for the price.  While it didn't exceed any of my expectations, its a decent option for the area.We ordered delivery last night. All told, it was $26 for two orders of tacos and the yucca fries, which felt very pricey. So my expectations were high.
I totally agree with all the reviews of the yucca fries - YUM! Will definitely be grabbing them as a snack if I'm near the restaurant (just wish there were more!). But the tacos were just okay. The meat in the Classicos was very salty (my husband couldn't even eat it). The Phat Pig tacos were almost sweet by comparison. Both kind of left me wanting something else.
One other irksome bit - the delivery person made us come to their car. I guess that's starting to become the norm, but I find it annoying, especially since I've paid the delivery fee, already included a nice tip, and taken the time to provide instructions.Stopped into Dos tacos for an impromptu lunch based on the recommendation of a friend.  Was immediately  greeted by the cashier which made me feel very welcome. The menu selection was not huge. But very creative. I decided to try the "Ta-korea" taco which had a generous portion of flank steak cooked to perfection and a spicy kimchi... DELICIOUS!  Will definitely  be back, and recommend this place to all of my friends!Soupy tacos. 
Maybe it was because I got the mushroom tacos? Either way, my friend's tacos were also soupy and it was a little weird. The salsa also wasn't spicy enough. 
However, the corn tortilla was delicious! I wouldn't recommend getting the mushroom tacos because you could definitely just make those on your own.I love the food here! It is always fresh and always hot. You get a lot of food for the price. The chicken and plantain tacos are amazing! I also recommend the Yucca fries. They always have interesting ingredient combinations and their marinades are delicious. It's pretty clean and a fun little spot. I do wish the staff was a bit more professional, there was some inappropriate language and loud side conversation....but that's pretty typical in Philly. I plan to come back often.Best yucca fries
I am such a fan of their yucca fries. The outside has the right amount of crispiness and the inside has the right amount of fluffiness -- and the chipotle sauce is always the best dip to go with the fries. Nowadays, it seems that they have added cheese and basil to the fries as well.I really wanted to like this place because the menu looked so good, but I was disappointed.  I ordered through Grubb Hub though, so i am going to blame the cold and dry food on long delivery time.  i will go back and try it in person.When I moved here from California, I quickly found Washington Avenue had the spots for my taco fix, but seldom made it out there due to laziness. For the folks looking for something comparable to that standard, Dos Tacos will make you happy. They have, in my opinion, a perfect blend of authentic street taco sensibilities with the necessary Rittenhouse spin. They were decently priced, certainly cheaper than what I've experienced from the food truck scene, but the portions are filling. 
I personally tried their Phat Pig, Ta-Korea, Yucca Fries, and an Elote. They were all fantastic. The slice of bacon on the Phat Pig was unexpected in a great way and the Elote was nostalgic. I didn't catch the guy's name behind the counter, he seemed like the owner, but he made me feel excited about being in the restaurant and was proud of what they served. I highly recommend this place.Ordered take out for dinner. Tried the frenchman (chicken) tacos, the tofu salad, and the yuca fries. Everything was fresh, flavorful, and delicious. Can't wait to work my way through the menu.Dos Tacos is the freakin bees knees and if you don't think so it's because frankly you're an idiot. Or have bad taste. Or both probably. 
They have DELICIOUS, specialty seasoned VARIOUS meats and fish at 3am and their portions are gigantic. And they put up with the grunt of the worst of center city stumble drunk night life people and they keep it clean and warm and QUICK and SCRUMPTIOUS?!
They have SIDES?! And SOFT DRINKS?!
Like pay the 9 dollars for two mega stuffed REAL AS *#%! tacos at 2am in center city and stop complaining and being so ungrateful. These people turn it up for your food at all hours.
Hell, they put up with me and two drunk jerks tonight that wouldn't let me by to get a fork. They are gotdamn sorcerous heroes. You are amazing all of you Dos Tacos Crew and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.I was excited to try this place after walking by too many times. I was excited to have my food to go once the blaring indepop hit my ears. It's entirely too loud to endure the orange stools and the ok tacos simultaneously. Neither the tables nor the windows were clean, and I hope that the kitchen does better out of sight of the patrons. There are better taco shops around.Both the tacos my coworker and I ordered were hard to eat. He ordered the chicken and whatever it was cooked in it was so runny it looked like he should have ate it with a spoon. Needless to say it dripped everywhere. I went for the vegetarian option (plantains) and it was doused in their chipotle creme sauce. There was at least a quarter cup of sauce/dressing on and around the tacos. I had to keep holding it upside down to let the sauce run off. Really didn't enjoy it. Taro fries were dry on their own and just had more chipotle creme which by that point I didn't want to see another ounce of. Would have much preferred a veggie protein option and more traditional toppings. Also, the shop was freezing. It was 60F outside and the outside air was much warmer than inside. No wonder there wasn't a line.Yuca fries are delicious, so is the fat pig, but the sauce tastes a little odd, almost synthetic. It's very pricey. I'll be back for sure. My friend got the shrimp taco and was not impressed.My name is LrryLive, I'm an established Drummer in the city of Philadelphia who is always on the move. After my late night gigs I look for Quality food with Great customer service. DOS TACOS provided me with everything I was looking for and more! Great customer service. Amazing Food. Good Vibes from the employees!  Dos I'll be back! Ps: I want Dos Tacos apparel! I will wear it while I'm Drumming!Tacos were less than decent and had to wait for 20 minutes. A 20 minute wait for 2 tacos? Give me a break.  Not to mention the staff is so ridiculously rude. Hated the experience. Never going back.This place was ok. I moved to PA from California so no taco place I have tried around here is as good as what I was used to.I was so excited when I saw that a taco place opened near my office, even though I loved the thai place that was here before. That being said, I was so disappointed by this place. 
I ordered two of the "El Pastor" tacos. Al Pastor is like my favorite kind of taco EVER and aren't that common in the mexican places in Philly. Unfortunately, they were not very good at all.
There was a lot of meat, which is great, but it was really really dry. Like, kind of jerky-ish. And also had no flavor whatsoever.  Aside from the meat, my favorite part of al pastor tacos is the pineapple that comes on top, which wasn't as abundant as I would've hoped. Overall, the tacos kind of didn't taste like anything at all. 
Even though the tacos were disappointing, I got yucca fries on the side, which were pretty good. They were crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside.
All in all, I don't think I'd go back to this place, especially for the price.My boyfriend and I decided to give this restaurant  a try after a night of being out, I ordered the chicken tacos and he ordered the pork tacos...both orders were very bland and expensive. We paid $18 for four tacos that tasted like meat and tortillas. The food was cold and there is no reason that we spent what we did on these awful tacos...we felt like we were eating TV dinner tacos due to the way and the temperature that they were served. There was nothing additional added to either of the orders, I would say that Taco Bell is better. The cashier was very stand off and not very friendly, he couldn't offer any suggestions...it made me wonder if he knew where he was working. I would NEVER recommend this restaurant to anyone, it was a waste of money and they lacked any and everything it would take to make me become returning customer.Delicious!! My friend and I were wandering looking for some chow really quick. We walked in and although it's a pretty compact space, it was still very welcoming. There was Spanish music blasting and the cashier greeted us with a big smile. The menu is pretty limited but they have a chefs special (I think changes weekly), but nonetheless quality food. My friend got the shrimp tacos & I got the tofu salad and yuca fries! The tofu salad was really good but kinda plain (I wish I had ordered some of the fries sauce for the salad bc it was that good). It was delicious other than needing dressing & the tofu was cooked perfectly! The yuca fries were AMAZING! They're so hard to find in the first place but to find good yuca fries is even harder! I got a spicy sauce with them which was also delicious. I wish I had got he chips & guac but this was plenty of food as it was! Really friendly staff and quick service! You can walk to city hall and enjoy your food there because the space is limited in the shop!Super convenient on a late night on Center City however we found a few hard scales in our tuna tacos.  Blechk!Dos Tacos, you've guessed it - sells two tacos per order. The prices are moderate and can range anywhere between $8 and $11, no drink included.
Unfortunately, Dos Tacos only deserves a Dos. 
I arrived around noon on the weekend to try some tacos from this "hole in the wall" establishment after walking past it a number of times for work. However, this "hole in the wall" taco place, would be best left undiscovered. My carnitas were extremely dry and also really bland, a huge no-no for tacos. They were also accompanied by limes that were so dry, likely from the lack of business there, that I could only squeeze out one drop of juice on my already dry tacos.
I really really really wanted to like this place, but it is definitely below average - one step above Taco Bell. The only time these tacos can pass, is if you're drunk from partying at the bars nearby and just want a quick bite.2 tacos. How did I think that would be enough for dinner.
I ordered the Phat Pig, fat indeed with large chunks of fat in the meat. The two tacos I received were thrown together sloppily where the sour cream was not present on one, and nearly missed on the other. The price wasnt worth two tacos.
I have grown to really like mexican food, but I will try a new place when I visit Philly again which how many options there are.
The cashier was very nice.Amazing place!! Love the ta-Korea taco. Perfect balance between steak, pickled cucumbers and kimchee. Some of the best kimchee I've had in the city. Definitely will be heading back to this place soon!!!Just eh.. Came here today with colleague and got the el pastor tacos. Service wasn't quick but wasn't slow. When I got my tacos, there was soooo much meat! I had to eat some out of each taco first before I could even pick it up. The meat was tasty but I had many pieces that were all fat. The dish called pineapple salsa and raddishes but the ratio was wayyyyy off. Also there was some iceberg lettuce sitting on the bottom on the tortillas which added nothing to the tacos. My colleague complained of the pork belly taco not being cooked enough! Moral of the story, there should be more attention to detail and some all around solid tacos. Probably won't come backI actually have no idea why I came to get food that one faithful night because I've been dieting (lol I literally just typed "dying", fuck I hope that's not like some subconscious shit) but anyways on my way home from happy hour I saw this place and I liked tacos and asking me if I'm hungry is like asking me if I want money. Yes I just stole this joke, get over it.
You step in and walk down this long and narrow hallway to the cash register. The menu items are scribbled on the wall which is also a blackboard. There's about 5 options if I remember correctly. I ordered the only vegetarian one, "the platanos" without the onions. 
I had to wait for my food for quite a while. And then some. I was on the phone and started getting really pissed actually, like what takes so long to put together two tacos? I looked this place up on yelp bc for all I know, I just walked into a place where a finger or two occasionally makes it way into the food. Much to my horror, the average rating was 3/5 so right off the bat I was biased. The food was finally ready so I grabbed that little styrofoam box and made a run for it.
I'm not super keen on flour tacos to begin with but the absolutely spectacular flavor of the ingredients and that white powdered cheese and chipotle sauce made up for it. Holy shit this was DELICIOUS. Far exceeded my expectations. Only issue is that it's pricey ($8 something) for 2 baby tacos and a lime quarter. Sides are extra and judging by the other reviews I see, expensive as well.