Dos Hermanos catered my wedding last weekend, and they did a fantastic job! We had three food trucks provide food for our guests, and Dos Hermanos' shrimp tacos were by far everyone's favorite dish of all. They are SO good! Everyone on the Dos Hermanos team was a pleasure to work with and was very professional. A+!The carnitas burrito is amazing, and actually compares to top notch SF mission-style burritos.These guys are super friendly and the food is great. You cant go wrong with this truck. Also an important - probably the most important - part for me is the cleanliness of where I am getting my food. This truck and the men working it are very obviously, very clean.At the perpetual advice of a coworker I finally hit up Dos Hermanos. I found the truck on Market Street between 33rd and 34th with a long line of about 8 people in front of it. I decided on the carnitas burrito ($7) with mole sauce and it was delicious! It was really substantial and covered me for two meals. Don't be afraid of the line, everyone wants a taste of the good stuff. Reasonably priced and very clean truck.Great bang for your buck - I guarantee you will be full after stuffing your face with all the meat in these tacos. Their aguas frescas are also delicious, when they have them. These guys are from Mexico & their food is the real deal!This fish burrito took me 9 dollars, and it made me uncomfortable. Once I ordered a nacho. Beef mixed with cheese were over chips, it gave a brown and white color, unpleasing look.Excellent tacos. Had 3 tacos today outside 30th street and they are killer. And very reasonable. Super fresh. I grew up with lots of SoCal and NoCal mex, and eating La Esquina and Tacombi regularly in NYC. Dos Hermanos as good or better. So fresh, such flavors. Great job.There are a lot of taco trucks around. I've tried many, but I find myself going back to Dos Hermanos at least twice a week. The carnitas tacos are fantastic, but my current favorite is the chicken mole burrito. The only down side is that this place is now so popular I have to queue in the cold. It's worth the wait.I tend to only review places I feel strongly about. This is one of them. There are many food trucks in the Drexel area. There are few that I would regularly go to. Why? Because most trucks do not fill you up for under $7. If you're a hungry guy, the 3 tacos for $7 here will deliver. Not only do they stuff an unbelievable amount of meat in those  tacos, it actually tastes authentic and unique. I would compare them to the taco stands I've had in California. There's actually so much meat in them, I can't in good conscious to my arteries eat 3 whole meat tacos - so I get a veggie taco as my 3rd, which is also delicious. This will definitely become one of my goto places for lunch, in addition to Cucina Zapata, the halal truck across the library, and the two Chinese trucks on Ludlow.
TLDR: Best bang for the buck Mexican truck in Philly. 3 tacos for $7 cheaper than most other places, which are 3 for $8. Above all, delicious.I ordrered 3 tacos ($7). The asada is my favorite. The flavor of the meat is just delicious. Also the radish that they pair it with in the taco gives it so much texture. Very good, and quick. Definitely recommended if you want a default mexican food truckThe best taco truck ever! Great flavor, service and just delicious! You have to try for yourself, word's can't explain how satisfied I am with this truck!Ate from here during Night Market. Even with the large crowd, the line moved quickly and the wait was short. 
I ordered a pork taco, shrimp, and scallop. I think the scallop taco was a special for the night. The pork was ok. But the other two....*swoons* Crazy delicious!Very good food! It was fresh and the service was great! Definitely my new taco lunch spot.I've been here twice now and I've very much enjoyed the tacos. Both times I've ordered the 3 tacos plate. The tacos are a good size and they are very flavorful. My only complaint is that the carne asada Taco is more of a ground beef taco and not the pieces of steak that I'm used to having in asada tacos. With that being said, the meat is still seasoned well and they are close to authentic. The sauces are very tasty, although not spicy enough for me. I like this truck enough to keep visiting it for lunch since it's just down the street from my office. I've tried the carnitas and the al pastor tacos and they're both super tasty as well.While on Drexel's campus, I spotted the Dos Hermanos truck, which stood out to me not only because about an hour earlier they started following me on twitter, but because of their beautifully decorated truck. The chef is from Puebla, Mexico- a town known for their food.  On the menu: tacos ($2.50 for 1, $7 for 3), burritos, quesadillas, tortas, sopes, tostadas, nachos, and salads.
Having  just eaten, I only tried one carnitas taco with green sauce and found it impressively juicy, not too fatty, and with perceptible pork flavor. Chef told me he recommends their shrimp and fish tacos, so they are on my radar for next time.Dos Hermanos serves the best Mexican food I've had in Philadelphia--restaurant or truck--and in my life. My fiancé and I have visited the truck at least 10 times, never tiring of the scallop, salmon, and chicken tacos. The beauty of Dos Hermanos is that you can taste the freshness of their ingredients. They know how to appeal to the palate with a blend of fresh herbs, salsa, and spicy sauces. Every special they've had and every taco variation they serve is spot-on. We've never tried a dish that we didn't love. We'd give this place 6 out of 5 stars if we could. Thank you, Dos Hermanos, for delicious, authentic, and affordable street fare.The first day of the food trucks' long awaited return to the Porch at 30th was a success. 
Best taco of my life, hands down, no joke, legit. I didn't even order off the regular menu and opted for one of their specials of the day, which was 3 scallop tacos for $9. I didn't even need to read past the word "scallop" to know I was gonna like it. 
Each taco was wrapped in a two crispy fried corn tortillas with a generous portion of silky smooth, buttery grilled scallops, a pineapple pico de gallo, and a deliciously creamy chipotle sauce. Holy shit. Heaven.  My friend ordered 1 each of the shredded chicken, carne asada and pineapple pork and she loved all of them. My other friend ordered the nachos and they, too, were tasty and came in a heaping pile and smothered in cheesy, beany goodness.
Not only that, but their regular tacos are only 3 for $7 AND you can mix and match to try them all, which hardly happens elsewhere. Best of all, they have every option imaginable: chicken, pork, carne asada, shrimp, fish filet (the seafood has the option of grilled or fried). Not to mention burritos, quesadillas, nachos, AND jarrito sodas. Seriously, this place is just too good and affordable to pass up.
FYI- cash only.Stopped by the Dos Hermanos truck yesterday and ordered a vegetable torta. Wow! The amount of torta for the price was unbelievable and it size didn't compromise the taste. Manuel, the man taking orders, was very friendly as well. My only qualm is that I unwrapped the torta from the paper too soon and it started falling apart. Tip for any others who get it not to be as hasty as I was. That said however, I will definitely be going back to Dos Hermanos!Easily the best tacos in the city of Philadelphia. The portions are HUGE, the prices are fair, and the food is delicious. Highly recommend the shrimp tacos.
Also the guys running the truck are awesome.First of all these guys are extremely friendly and accommodate to your liking. I got the mix and match tacos including 2 pork carnitas and 1 tinga (chicken with tomato chipotle sauce). They double the corn tortillas so that the base is strong enough to hold all of the deliciousness on the inside. The spicy sauce is an amazing addition to dip on the side to add a little kick. UGH I'm obsessed.Easily one of my favorite trucks in the city. Excellent selection, inexpensive, and great service. Always worth taking a chance and trying something from their specials board.I'm a fan of Mexican food. But, I'll say that the Dos Hermanos food truck just served up THE BEST tacos I have ever tasted. Starting with the FRESH, FRESH, FRESH tortilla .. then, the perfectly seasoned carne asada - I ordered the hot sauce. There was plenty of meat, yet the tacos didn't fall apart. The tortilla chips were equally delicious, but I felt like I needed more salsa than I got. 
I experienced Dos Hermanos for the first time at the Ambler Street Festival. I will definitely be on the lookout for this truck in Philadelphia from now on ..If you want delicious authentic Mexican food, you won't be disappointed with Dos Hemanos Food Truck! The tacos and burritos are flavorful as well as filling. Portions are worth the price!I come from a Mexican background, so my expectations often aren't high when getting tex-mex or Mexican food. I am usually disappointed in many of the offerings from popular chains like Qdoba and Chipotle. 
Dos Hermanos exceeded my expectations with flying colors. I ordered 3 tacos for $7 (a killer deal, by the by), and all three tacos were packed to the brim with meat, onion, and radish. I recommend the steak option--delicious and flavorful. My stomach felt so full after eating here!definitely a hit!!! I got the shrimp tacos today, and they were amazing!!! All the ingredients complemented each other, and you can really taste the myriad of flavors in each bite. There was definitely a lot of thought put into these beautiful tacos that it's hard to believe that they come from a food truck!!!Dos Hermanos has everything you'd expect from a tex-mex food truck- tacos, burritos, tortas, etc. What makes it stand out is the phenomenal quality of ingredients and flavors. I ordered a burrito with my choice of meat being "tinga", shredded chicken marinated in chipotle. It was bursting with flavor and just enough of a spice kick to make my mouth water with joy without needing bread or water to tone it down. While I'm usually all about the meat, the best part of this burrito was the tortilla and cheese. Usually the first bite of a burrito is mediocre before getting to the good stuff. Not this one, though. My first bite tasted like the best grilled cheese or quesadilla (I'll have to go back for one) I've had in a long time. Additionally, the ratio of rice, beans, lettuce, etc. was just perfect. It was so good that it inspired me to write up my first Yelp review. 
Additionally, the price was right- everything under $10 for a hefty amount of food. Only minor complaint is that they aren't equipped to take credit cards, so make sure you have some cash with you!
I can't wait to try more things here- absolutely fantastic.Tacos and beer is one of my favorite combinations. Thank god this was parked outside of Forgotten Boardwalk Brewery this weekend cause it crushed my mexican food hankering right in time for Cinco De Mayo. 
There was a small line outside the truck (considering the brewery was packed) and I was surprised how quickly were able to order and then how quickly the food was ready. The employees working the truck were friendly but I didn't really interact with them too much. When ordering you are asked mild or spicy. I opted for mild cause I only had a little bit of beer left :)
We ordered 3 veggie tacos and 1 pork/pineapple taco. As a vegetarian I only tried the veggie but my boyfriend said the pork was great.  The veggie tacos were double wrapped in corn tortillas - handy so they didn't fall apart in my lap. The ingredients seemed very fresh and I like the side of lime wedges. I'm not sure what exactly was in the taco but it seems like peppers and some sort of leafy green. Overall very tasty!
On my way home from the brewery, the flavors lingered in my mouth and I was pleased with how tasty these tacos were. I would definitely have these tacos again but there's a lot of food trucks out there and I want to try more!My friend hooked me up with some guacamole and chips the other day from Dos Hermanos. The guac was so tasty! Fresh everything! I could of eaten it with a spoon it was so good, but I had their homemade, crispy tortilla chips on hand so, for the sake of others, I used them to eat my guac. I will definitely check them out for myself some day soon!Had the tacos at the Burholme food truck festival.... I'm a taco lover and these were by far the worst I've ever had! I ordered steak my friend ordered chicken... dry and flavorless... whatever cheap steak they used on the taco was nasty! I normally wouldn't leave bad comments for food as I'm a foodie but this was a waste of time standing in line and money!I had their tacos for the first time yesterday and they were authentic and delicious. I'm originally from Southern CA and I've had a hard time finding authentic tacos here. Dos Hermanos is the place!!!!! Not to mention their truck is super clean and the tacos taste and look fresh.The most amazing authentic tacos!! I've been here twice. After the first Time I could barely wait for the next time, they are sooo good! I'm obsessed with their shrimp and carnitas tacos. Got them each time. Too good to try something else. My wife had the scallop tacos, shrimp tacos and fish tacos. All were excellent! I would definitely recommend this place. Very reasonable prices as well. I'll be back for sure!I happened to be in University City and give one of the food trucks a try. Dos Hermanos looked promising and it was absolutely the right decision.
The tacos here are mind blowing and I would say better than any other place in Philly including fancy restaurants and at such reasonable prices.
There are multiple options to choose from - grilled chicken, chicken in chipotle sauce, carnitas and shrimp. They also had some specials like batter fried tilapia, scallops, tuna and salmon.
We ordered the grilled chicken, chipotle chicken,  shrimp and carnitas. The spicy salsa topping is amazing! 
I am surely going back again for my taco fix.The staff was really nice and friendly but most importantly, they've got really wonderful shrimp tacos!I always walk by here, and I love Mexican food, so the other day I decided to try it. I got the torta with carnitas. Big portion, and tasted pretty authentic! 
Their chips and guacamole is really good as well. For $5, you get a bag of chips and a lot of guacamole! 
My only complaint is that they only take cash. I will definitely be trying the burrito, and the tacos here too :)Dos Hermanos are you guys looking for a step brother, maybe call it Tres Hermanos? Think about it, I'll break out the Agave at the next gathering. These guys are simply awesome, probably some of the freshest ingredients used coming out of a food truck . Dos Hermanos is one of the heavy hitters at any Night Market event. If you see this truck , just drop everything and get in that line. If and when you do see these guys in Philly , I don't care what is on your agenda you need to alter it so you can get a fresh taco.
I will say this , the only time I will accept any kind of fruit in my meal will be in an Al Pastor. A lightly grilled pineapple mixed with that pork with those spices, cilantro, freshly squeezed lime and their salsa verde (green salsa) will make me do a shimmy.  A spicy, lets kick it up a notch with the occasional "wheew" is what you'd be saying. Flavors upon flavors blowing your taste buds up like it was Cinqo De Mayo! Ok I just got chills just thinking about it, remembering my pure enjoyment from this truck.  
You know what else will have you doing a Mexican hat dance in the streets is their Chorizo and Carne Asada tacos !  Eye-Chi-Wow-Wa  they are simply irresistible , now you know why there is a line just to get at that window.  Dos Hermanos makes a guacamole that is on point. Get their chips , squeeze some lime over them, and destroy that guacamole. Hey also if you add some pico de gallo to the guac you just brought this to a whole different level. You're welcome by the way. 
Dos Hermanos you guys are friggin fantastic. Keep up the good work, and think about adding me to the family. Every family needs an Italian in their circle.Oh my knickerbockers. I just had the most amazing Mexican meal in my life from this food truck. Unfortuantely I already reviewed this truck with a 5 star review, but I just had to give it another one. So I noticed these guys started doing specials every once in a while in addition to their already amazing regular menu. Last time they had grilled lamb chops with a side of rice and veggies (for $7!!), which was amazing. This time, however, blew my socks off. It was a crabmeat quesadilla with lettuce, tomato, salsa, and pineapple sauce on the side. I had never heard of anything like that, so I decided to give it a try. I was a little apprehensive at first, because it was only $8, so I expected it to be either imitation crabmeat or really small portions. Amazingly, it was neither. It was a huge burrito sized flour tortilla stuff with real crabmeat, cheese, red peppers, and deliciousness. Having lived in Maryland, the home of crabmeat, you learn that any crabmeat worth having inevitably contains a few pieces of shell or the hard cartillage-like pieces. Check. Flour tortilla and cheese were grilled to perfection. Salsa was fresh and delicious as usual. The pinapple sauce though. I'm not actually sure what it is, but it's what I would imagine crack to taste like. If you're ever lucky enough to catch this truck on a day they have a special, get it. It will be amazing.Really enjoyed my meal! Usually veggie burritos are an afterthought with pepper and onions NOT the case here. Delicious vegetarian burrito with mushrooms and kale, what a nice surprise for the herbivores!I had the carnitas, carne asada, and chicken tacos. They were all pretty good, the tortilla was the highlight. Of the 3, the carnitas was the best one but the other two were alright as well. 
I wouldn't say it's amazing, but if you need quick tacos, this is the place to go.These are by far the best tacos I have found out of a truck in the greater Philadelphia area. Great portions, flavorful meats, and your choice of mild or hot sauce if desired. No mix & match fees for three different tacos always make me more willing to try your food. Other taco trucks, please take notice. 
My favorites were the al pastor and the chorizo. I definitely recommend the hot sauce to go with the chorizo.Carnitas burrito is very solid for $9. Also was very quick- no one in front of me but I waited maybe 5 minsVery  good, very fresh, & yummy! First time I got a carne asada burrito. It was indeed tasty, but needed more mole sauce.The meat was tasty, a nice  bean - cheese ratio + the tortilla had a nice texture from being grilled on a flat - top. Could have used some hot sauce. Did not blow me away, but was enjoyable.
The tacos are where they really shine.The tinga had delicious flavor. The al pastor tasted of of pineapple and was tender and flavorful. The grilled shrimp was my favorite; you can get it grilled or batter- fried. $1extra;bringing total to $8 for 3 tacos.
Got mine with hot sauce. Comes garnished w/lime, radish slices and supposedly cilantro, although I didn't taste any. The tacos come wrapped in corn or flour tortillas.My flour ones were thick & held the fillings w/o breaking apart. Filling and satisfying/
These 2 brothers are very friendly and appreciative of your business, so I say go support them! I will be a repeat customer; especially since I pass by this truck daily on my way home from work.Dos Hermanos is a Mexican food truck located primarily in University City. Their menu reads "AUTHENTIC MEXICAN CUISINE" at the bottom. In my opinion, there's a big difference between authentic tacos and fast food tacos. Authentic tacos are full of flavor and have just the right amount of spices to kick things up a notch. Fast food tacos are what you would get from Taco Bell. I never have and never will eat at Taco Bell (don't @ me).
I arrived at the truck around 12:30pm and was instantly greeted by the friendly staff. What immediately stood out to me on the menu was their deal of three tacos for $9.00. The tacos are served with your choice of meat or vegetable filling, chopped onions, cilantro, and your choice of mild or spicy salsa. There were a lot of unique filling options but I decided to go with carnitas, which is pulled pork if you are unfamiliar with the term. They also serve burritos, shrimp tacos, and homemade tortilla chips with salsa. The staff here is very quick to fulfill their orders. Even with more and more people stopping by to order, I don't even think I had to wait five minutes for my food.
The tacos were served inside two soft shell tortillas instead of one. I can't tell you how many times I've ordered soft shell tacos and had them fall apart almost instantly. Typically, the tortilla absorbs the juices and after a few bites, eventually falls apart. With Dos Hermanos' tacos, you'll never have that problem. The inner tortilla absorbs the juices while the outer tortilla remains intact. I think this was the first time in years that I didn't need a fork to finish my tacos. The flavor of the pulled pork is what you'd expect from a high quality BBQ restaurant. It's very savory and pairs well with the onions, cilantro, and salsa. I recommend squeezing some juice from the lime slices for that extra tangy kick.
As I stated earlier in my post, there's a big difference between authentic and fast food tacos. In my opinion, Dos Hermanos' tacos are 100% authentic and easily rival what you would expect from a sit-down Mexican restaurant. I want to give a shout out to the staff as well, not only for being quick, but for being friendly and accommodating as well. Before I was even in front of the truck, I was greeted by one of the workers and didn't have to wait around for service. In my book, that goes a long way because it makes the experience even better.After walking around Drexel's campus for half an hour in a bout of indecision in search of the perfect food truck, my friend and I were drawn by the colorful truck at Don Hermanos (they have super pretty business cards as well!) 
I ordered two tacos ($2.5 each or $7 for 3) - one with pineapple pork and one with chorizo, and you can pick the spiciness level of the sauce. I was very pleasantly surprised by the amount of food piled on top of the perfectly toasted soft taco - tons of meat, herbs, and it came with a slice of lime which really elevated the taco. Would highly recommend the pineapple pork taco; the meat was super juicy and the tiny chopped pineapple chunks gave it just the right kick and sweetness.Very good mexican food. Most food truck mexican places, are  a dime a dozen but this one stand out. Firstly, there ingredients are super fresh and secondly the guack is outrageously good. I think just as good as El Vez or this other fancy places. Wait time can be a bit long for a food truck but you end up with a filling fresh lunch. Recommend: guack and fish burrito.I just love this food truck! It's perfect for lunch, the food is great, and it's reasonably priced. The tacos are awesome but my favorite are the tostadas. I would definitely recommend it!Found this amazing authentic Mexican truck at 33rd & Market Streets in the heart of University City.  Parked in front of Drexel University, this truck had amazing flavors pouring out of it.  You could smell the fresh chipotle sauce and the amazing fragrance of the El Pastor roasting fresh on the truck!!  The food was amazingly authentic as were the Chef's!  That's right, Dos Hermanos is what it says, two amazing brothers making amazing, authentic Mexican fare!!!I came here to visit  food trucks around Drexel because I was off that day.
I came across this food truck because the reviews were great.
There was about 2 ppl in front of me ordering food- My order was taken rather quickly. 
I ordered a simple cheese quesadilla, nothing else.
However I waited about 25 minutes to get my order. Turns out plenty of people order online.
Had I known it was going to be this long of a wait I would not have ordered from here.
But it was a good quesadilla and the servers were friendly.
Watch out for the lines-3/5 stars...I'm from Arizona and grew up on Mexican food so I may be a tough critic. The chicken tinga has a weird after taste. I tried both the burrito and quesadilla and didn't like either. My friend got food poisoning from here a few weeks ago but I wanted to give them one more chance to satisfy my belly. 
You can get a plate of food for less than $10, but it may not be good.I actually went here accidentally, thinking there would be an arepa truck near Drexel, but instead I found one of the best tacos I've had in Philly. I'm talking better than the tacos available in Distritos taqueria, and cheaper as well. The chefs in the truck were very helpful, they had a wide array of choices, and they were very catering to my gluten free needs by using corn tortillas instead of flour ones. Great find, definitely worth checking out!Ive been here a few times.  The tacos and quesadillas are alright.  I'm not a huge fan of the sauces though.  The mild one is bland, and after trying the spicy sauce, which was just pure heat with no flavor either it just didn't sit well with me for the rest of the day.  Couldn't really tell if it was food poisoning or if the sauce was just too hot.  But based on how bad things were for the rest of the day i suspect it was the former.
Edit : after a night of horrific GI distress I cant say that I will visit this truck again.  Which is a shame, the guys running it are great but the sickness wasnt worth itHad them come out for a work function. When you have about 60 employees you are always expecting to get a few bad reviews in...not one single employee had a bad experience. EVERYONE raved about the food and the service. I worked with Jessica to get it scheduled and she was amazing to work with. We cant wait for them to come out again! The guacamole was incredible!Best tacos in Philly!!! Follow their IG for updates on where they'll be each week.  I love their carnitas too much to switch up my order, but everything they make looks great.High quality ingredients and attention to detail kicks this place a solid notch above the competition for best Mexican food truck in the area. One bite into my vegetable burrito with mole sauce and I was immediately impressed with the crispy texture and freshness of the tortilla itself. While the tortilla is often dismissed as a vehicle to hold the burrito filling together, that isn't the case for Dos Hermanos, where it can easily stand on its own in terms of of flavor. All the veggies inside, especially the greens, were well-seasoned  and carefully prepared. The heat is pretty gentle, giving the burrito nearly universal appeal. I'm a spice lover, so I'll probably add hot sauce next time, but the food is definitely flavorful enough to stand on its own. I usually don't eat whole burritos in one sitting, but this one was so good, I polished it off! Although I'll only be sampling meatless options since I'm a vegetarian, there is a wide variety of meat fillings to choose from. Most items are in the 5-8$ range, which is pretty awesome as well. With it's bright color scheme, Dos Hermanos is tough to miss, and it's a welcome addition to the comparatively gray Market Street.Scallop tacos were excellent. Scallops were cooked well. Mango salsa was delicious.
I would definitely return for more tacos.
But, I would not get the side of beans again. Just bland, watery beans. Pretty disappointed.A disappointing Love Park lunch that made me ill yesterday.  There were three food trucks there and a smaller wait for Dos Hermanos, so I took the bait and was hoping for some really good food that other Yelpers Yelped about.
It was mostly not good for me.  I went with a menu special of chicken flautas for $10 and guacamole and chips for $7.  
After a good wait for my food, I had four flautas that ended up being over-fried, skimped on the chicken, and were not tasty.  Thankfully, there was enough hot sauce and lettuce with tomato that helped it a bit.  The guacamole was good and smooth with some crispy chips that hit the spot.  
Unfortunately, I suffered a catastrophic failure a few hours later.  I do not think I'll be making any return visits to this Food Truck.
This would have been one star, but the guacamole was really good, so 1 1/2 stars rounded up.
$17 for a mostly bad lunch.We had them for a teacher and staff appreciation event and they were outstanding. Delicious tacos (everyone kept returning to get their business cards) and very fun and professional in setting up and serving. Would highly recommend!Mmmm deliciosos tacos  de carnitas me gustaron mucho  me gustaria  probar  el resto  del menu se los recomiendo  estan sabrosos. ..
Mmmm delicious tacos of carnitas  (pork ) like it a lot I'll  like to taste  the rest of the Menu I'll recommend they're pinche  awesome 
Da fucking bomb!! I'm givenFast facts:
- Grab-and-go tacos.
- More than 6 types of Tacos in one truck. Including shrimp, shredded chicken, marinated steak and fish.
- Prices are easy on the wallet.
- Flavors are awesome on the palate. 
- You'll find Dos Hermanos at many night markets and festivals.
Three and Three Quarters Yelps.I was stoked to be back in the Drexel neighborhood this summer for one reason: food trucks.  Dos Hermanos was one I hadn't tried before, but as soon as I saw the brightly colored truck and read the awesome reviews I had to make it my first "food truck Friday" trip.  Turns out it was also my last, and all the Fridays in between, too - Dos Hermanos is just so good I couldn't pass it up. 
I stuck with the shrimp tacos on every visit. Often shrimp tacos are light on the shrimp and heavy on all the toppings, but Dos Hermanos strikes the perfect balance, with plenty of tasty, seasoned shrimp, cabbage, radishes, and a spicy sauce, PLUS fresh lime to squeeze on top (my absolute fave). 
I'm now mourning the end of the summer and my "food truck Fridays" but I will definitely be back for a special trip.There's nothing like a good authentic taco and this food truck provides that experience. I don't live to far from this truck and I drive pass it all the time while working. Today I decided to stop and grab some tacos even though it's raining. Glad I did too! I ordered 3 chicken tacos and they were prepared fast and hot. Like, I actually watched him cook it and it was reasonably fast for a food truck. 
I see myself going to this truck more often instead  of making a run for the border! It's a bit more money and well worth it. Check me out if you love a good taco!As far as Mexican, food trucks, tacos or food available at the 30th Street Porch goes - no matter why you're ranking Dos Hermanos, they get 5 stars in my book. Great food, great prices, and really friendly staff! The pineapple pork taco is by far my favorite! Though the Asada was also delish, and my friend got the special taco of the day (scallop tacos) and raved about it! She's a foodie so I really trust her opinion! Will definitely be back, Dos Hermanos!I have been a couple of times at this food truck. I usually order Sopes. For those people unfamiliar with Sopes, Sopes are kind of like small bowls made of corn flour that are fried and filled with toppings similar to tacos. There are not so many Mexican places in my neighborhood, and definitely not many that have Sopes on the menu. The ones from Dos Hermanos are well-made. I enjoy eating them very much. Unfortunately, last time I tried to visit their truck, they were not there. It would be nice if they would announce this on their website, such that I don't have to waste time going to a food truck that is not there.Having fast tacos for pretty cheap and great quality in the heart of University City is a godsend. Now, I've visted Dos Hermanos many of times since university matriculation, but I don't think I strayed away from my usual Carnitas or chicken quesadillas. There is love laced between the pork and pineapple in the tacos al pastor. No joke, I saw it. Okay, so maybe it was just sauce, but this summer office worker wanted to skip that afternoon meeting and go back for seconds. I refrained, but I will be back.Amazing shrimp and mahi mahi tacos! Perfect proportions of toppings and always have great flavors.Dos Hermanos catered my wedding from their truck. Jessica was wonderful to work with. We had crab quesadillas and chicken flautas for the cocktail hour. Because they worked from the truck, food stayed hot and fresh. Everything was so delicious that our guests wanted to fill up on appetizers. The taco variety was a huge hit as well. Their ingredients are so fresh and seasoned to perfection. Portions were generous and the rice and beans made a great side dish. Looking forward to many trips back to that truck!Great truck! I get the veggie burrito, and the mole sauce they throw in there is so tasty!  They're quick too, it usually takes less than 5 minutes to get my food.We had a great meal here! The shrimp tacos and the fish tacos were absolutely amazing. Whatever the flavors on the tacos were, they were perfect. We also had chips and guacamole. The chips were fresh and perfectly salty! We loved it. Seriously better than most Mexican restaurants. Can't wait to go back.Best. Taco. Truck. Ever.  I wish there were a Dos Hermanos on every corner.  I first had their tacos over the summer when they headed over to some festival in Ambler and I was blown away.  I've been making a point to visit their usual market street location ever since.  Great, fresh tortillas, great meats, awesome flavors.  And with plenty of variety: Asada, Carnitas, chorizo, pollo, pescado, and more (and they have burritos, quesadillas, tortas, tostadas, soups, salads, etc., too).  Really, some of the best tacos around.
At three tacos for $7, the prices would be so-so for a food truck, but when you factor in how good the tacos are, it's a bargain.
Also note that if you want tacos for a group lunch, you can call ahead and they'll bring them out to you when you pick them up.  Bring a tray to a party and you will be everyone's favorite person.
Dos Hermanos really is the best.It's very rare that I give a 5 star review to a new food truck or restaurant right off the bat. It has to seriously wow me and that's what these guys did. What made Tacos Don Memo or La Lupe great, Dos Hermanos took it to another level by crisping the outside of their soft shells. It's a simple gesture to fry the bread on the grill for a little bit, baking the juices of the marinated meat prepared on it into the bread. The outer shell of the doubled taco shell is crisp and chewy and wonderful. There are a variety of meat fillings for your tacos... al pastor (pineapple pork), carnitas, tinga (chicken), chorizo, shrimp, asada (steak), and more. My review is based on the delicious al pastor and chorizo tacos. The al pastor meat is insanely great. Fucking awesome. The chorizo was good, but the al pastor is great. Get the green sauce. Ask for "everything", which includes cilantro, radishes, and a lime. You will love these. I sure did.
Eat Street, you interviewed me for Braz BQ. You missed this one.I love this truck, and I am so excited that they are often just a quick walk from my office!
Dos Hermanos has various varieties of Mexican foods, such as nachos, tacos, quesadillas, tostadas, and more...including specials.  I usually get the tacos or a quesadilla.
The food is mind blowing good.  All of the food is great.  I tend to stick with the tacos and any variety are delicious.  Plus, they always have specials.  Quality and taste wise, they rival a lot of the sit-down restaurant tacos.  I am also a huge fan of the quesadilla. You can't go wrong with any of the options, but I personally love getting the quesadilla with chorizo!  The Nachos are also delicious, a large portion and they are generous with toppings, so you are never really stuck with a bunch of topping-less chips towards the end of your nacho feast.
The people who run the truck are fantastic. Super friendly and helpful.  Always happy to give a recommendation.
Prices more than fair. Pretty inexpensive, and you get a lot of food for your money, good quality too.
They are also very responsive on social media.
There is almost always a line for this food truck, but the wait is never super long. Line moves quickly and even if you do have to wait a little, it is totally worth it!  
Highly recommend, I know I will certainly be back again and again!Can't say enough good things about this mexican food truck! Positively, the best food I ever had. I have been eating out here for almost three months now and I am a die hard fan. 
Though they are known for their tacos (3 for $8). I have also tried their chicken tinga tostadas (1 for $3). I remember I bought three the first time and took the food home. And once I was done eating, I wanted more. They were so delicious and perfect, that I couldn't stop myself from going out again and getting 3 more immediately. I saved some for dinner from the second batch. Best tostadas ever. I TOTALLY pigged out that day and don't regret any bit of it. 
Argh! I wish they would visit everyday at Drexel University, so I don't have to wait for Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday every week. They are active on social medias like Facebook and Instagram and post whenever they are visiting with timings. I am always checking their facebook page to know if they are here or not. They are quick in replying on Facebook as well, if you want to ask any questions. 
I think the most I will miss out Philadelphia is this food truck. I am their FOREVER food fan!! The price is reasonable, affordable and the people are super friendly and helpful. Fresh food, great meat and amazing flavor. Love Love Love this food truck. 
MUST TRY, if you haven't already.