Throw this on your list of philly's growing case against any city for best pizza. Detroit style. The plain pizza is like a 4 cheese cheesy bread with a crispy crust and a sweet/tangy sauce. The other combinations were great as well - but you are limited to 2 pies per reserve for now - understandable. Wings were excellent too. Black owned, give to good causes, this place hits all of the spots. Support them!So my husband learned about Down North Pizza after watching a JL Jupiter review and we had to try it!!!! 
The order process was very easy, it was an online ordering process which at the end informed you when you could pick it up. We heard they sell out pretty fast so we was not about to walk in to order and he turned around because they had no more food. 
 My husband actually went inside to get our order while and from what he reported the establishment is very clean and the all male staff was very professional and personable. He was able to speak with the owner and he mentioned how humble he was and how appreciative he was of the business. Customer service is a big thing for us as we both work in fields that require constant public interaction and we must show up at all times. And Down North staff did just that!!!'
So the food 
I purchased a Rock the Mic for us and an order of fries and a Yeah that's Us for my parents.
The pie was of course Chicago style deep dish, one piece is all you needed seriously. It was amazing their tomato or "Norf" sauce was very fresh and light and just enough as it was on top with the cheese underneath. The pepperonis were fresh and the best part was the dough, wow!!! Flavorful, thick but not choke you thick, it had a nice density and moistness that made it go down easy. 
My parents loved the Yeah that's Us, it looked amazing I wanted a piece but like I said one slice is enough. The box is smaller than the average pizza, but this is not the average pizza place  
One box feed my and husband for 3 days lol and one box feed my family of 4 for a day and a half. 
We got fries also, they were thin cut like shoe string fries my husband liked them. 
Our bill totaled about $50, not bad at all for all we had. Please tell a friend and another friend and so on, we need to keep these businesses in our communities  you will not be disappointed  and most of all they are serving with a mission behind it, to help folks successfully transition from incarceration! Let's get behind thisGreat pizza! Give it a try if you like the style of pizza.
Pros:
- Great Detroit-style pizza
- Pizza details: 
o- carmelized cheese on edge
o- fluffy bread crust
o- interesting and tasty toppings
o- well-constructed with sauce on the outside so cheese doesn't slide off
- Friendly service
- Street parking for waiting
- Have a purpose-driven cause - re-integrating the recently incarcerated!!!
Cons:
- Not closer to my home - but close enough!
- No phone orders
- CoVID (soon to be over)
Comparisons to other similar pizzas from Michigan:
- Buddy's is heavier with more cheese (and oily-er) and denser dough but a larger carmelized cheese crust
- Little Caesars has more cheese and cheesier crust. LC dough is a little denser and oiler, too
I haven't yet tried the chicken wings, but EVERYONE else was ordering them!!!I've been wanting to try this place for some time now. I was thrilled to learn of a black owned pizza shop. I ordered spicy cheese fries and a pizza (No better love) I had high expectations and I just knew I would not be let down or so I thought. The fries weren't great. The cheese wasn't tasty, fries were cut too thin and there was barely any spice on them. I ate about a fork full before giving up on them. The pizza was a huge disappointment! I am still in disbelief. The texture of the dough was very sponge like, thick and soaked with grease. I literally had rip it apart with my teeth to devour it that's how tough it was. I was only able to eat one slice before my curiosity led me to cut the dough in half to get a better look at what I had just eaten. However, the Norf sauce/cheese on the pizza was great!Very good pizza. Loved the crust and the crispy cheesy edges. The sauce is spicy, which I wasn't expecting, so make sure you know that going in. I ordered online for quick and easy pick up.You need amazing pizza?!?! I'm a New Yorker so I know great pizza and this tastes like someone cares!!! I met the men who run and own this place and I got amazing pizza and wonderful service. The pizza is consistently yummy  and despite my diet I almost fought my friend for the last slice.This place been on my "must support" to do list! I love the initiative this business took to give back to the community and support those who were previously incarcerated. Providing jobs, living arrangements and reintroduction to society in such a meaningful way! I tip my hat and open my wallet . The customer service was great, the pizza was bomb, the cost was not typical pizza prices but this is not your typical pizza shop. Definitely will return.A New Black Owned Pizza Place *First I Ever Been To* Serving Detroit Style Pizza. So Far I've Had The "No Betta Love & What We Do" Flavors. Both Were Good But The What We Do Was AMAZING. I Also Had The Crab Fries & Bean Pie Ice-cream Sandwich Which I Couldn't Get A Picture Of They Didn't Stand A Chance. Not Only Is The Food Great But The Mission Behind The Brand Is What Makes A Big Difference. I Do Recommend Getting There Early Because They Sell Out Within 2-3 Hours. I Wanted To Try The Wings But They World Sold Out Will Update Once I Taste Them. Lets Be Clear I've Never Had Been Pie Anything Until Coming Here It's A Must Try.A solid place to eat! They close up when they sell out so order early and online to make sure you can get what you want. We got the Roc The Norf pizza, Thai wings, crab fries, and an oreo milk shake. The pizza is really good, the sauce is divine BUT it is a lot of dough. They're really thick but still small and don't feel worth the price at $22. The wings feel like they come from a wing place, not a pizza joint. Super good. The crab fries alone are reason to try this place out! Actual crab meat and not just old bay seasoning like so many places do! The milk shake was also perfect and delicious and just the right size. We'll definitely be coming back, but probably just for the wings and fries.I have to cross three state lines, deal with 95 traffic and DC beltway traffic to get this pizza.......  It is worth every second.  
So, I visit Philly to see my kid, but via IG see this new pizza spot that is opening up.  It's mission was timely, noble and exactly what we need.  SO, I am like "yeah, I will support this local-owned, black-owned business. "
Honey let me tell you - I showed up and they were sold out of pizza.  But one of the gents and co-owners heard my plea and promised me a pizza before they opened in the morning.  So, the next day (yes, I grabbed a hotel for a night to get a pizza)I showed up and ordered an I'm a Boss and PSK Vegan pizza along with a cucumber mint lemonade.  I took a bite and can I tell you that I felt that scales fell off my taste  buds.  The dough was so fresh and perfection, all fresh ingredients,  seasoned to perfection and NO GREASE!  Gourmet pizza in Philly.....  
So, the great thing is that I have been able to reheat a slice 5 days later and it taste so fresh.  
Go get you a pie.Not only do they deserve your support and business because of their mission, the pizza is AMAZING. Detroit-style, deep-pan style, however you want to label it, its damn good pizza. Stopped in on a Sunday (today) right when they opened, only 15 mins later had a great pizza made from scratch. The well-done/crispy edges remind me of how Pizza Hut was back in the day (when it was good). Highly recommend.The pizza was called Roc the Mic, the sauce was lil bit spicy but yummy. We had the honey chipotle wings and they  were flavorful. However the spicy crab fries we ordered was missing the crab. I didn't try to them but my man said they were bland and just ok, for me $10.50 you wanna make sure it's good and not missing the main part. We drove all the way there from Delaware county and did want to go back after waiting so long. I would definitely try the pizza and wings again 4/5 because of the fries.So I just had to try this spot after seeing a YouTube video about how great this pizza was. I have to say that I am not a fan of Detroit style pizza but this was so good. I highly recommend people trying it. The sauce, spices, and cheese all together was a bit.First time at this pizza store giving it a shot! Black Owned Business! Service was great today. I had the "MO' BETTA LOVE" pizza and was great! I will definitely recommend this pizza to all.This is a top tier pizza. The flavors blended perfectly and the crust was a nice mix between soft and crunchy. I will definitely be back to try the wings next!Enjoyed Yeah this Us pizza & great crab fries.  Don't forget to try the Lemonade with Cucumber & Mint delicious!!The food is amazing. The wait time is not bad at all. Everything was fresh and on point. Best pizza I've had in awhile. Check them out ASAP!Pizza so good, I'm plotting my next trip. Perfect cheesy, crispy edges and quality ingredients. 
I also ordered fries, which were perfect and do yourself a favor and get a cup of lemonade.Most pizza places can provide decent meals, but few restaurants have such a good reason to be in business. My family and I stopped through and bought the "Rock the Mic" pizza, along with Honey Chipotle wings and Norf Fries. We loved every bite. We did wait a while before we received our food, but only because the line reached all the way down the block. I want to support this business as much as I can so I'll be back again soon. The pizza is Detroit Style - very thick, but tasted great. Next time I'll try one of the milkshakes.The fellas there are amazing. The pizza is unique and taste great. Crust and cheese ratio is A1. Great pit stop to support local black businesses. They work hard, you can taste the love in the pizzas ‍Excellent pizza. Super amazing edges. Sweet yet spicy sauce. 
Our first visit. Met the owner Muhammed. Really nice guy. Great idea to help those previously incarcerated!!  Ladies at the counter were really friendly and helpful. 
Roc da mic pizza was terrific. Love the beef pepperoni. Brisket fries were really flavorful. We have leftovers for the ride home to NYC. 
Would definitely be back when in Philly or just passing through like today.Supporting black businesses, like this one, is important, especially when they produce an amazing product like the big head pizza. I cannot get over how tasty their fries were. My wife had the no betta love and a blueberry lemonade (with actual blueberries in it). Furthermore, their mission of serving their community in their own unique and valuable way makes the meals that they provide that much more meaningful. Hats off to them. Their pizzas take a bit of time to prepare, but the wait is worth it. Please give them your support if you can.I absolutely loved the pizza and wings. I love the cause. I love the fact that he's helping the community (and I don't mean with just pizza). The pairings are crazy good. I wouldn't think to put some of those ingredients together on a pizza. I love that he doesn't use pork. I hope that later we'll be able to order daily and not just pop-ups. I tried to order last week and tonight and he's already sold out for a Friday night and Saturday and it's only 5:30!!! Also, if the prices scare you stay away, more for me! I can't order when I want as it is.Very great pizza! Great sauce and cheese on top of what tastes like a flavorful focaccia bead.. very hard to eat two slices but I managed to get it done!One of the best Detroit style pizza's I've had. Three words to describe it? Fluffy. Sweet. Spicy. 
Although it sounds like a weird combo, they pull it together magnificently. I 100% will be back, and can't recommend it highly enough. I preorder online, showed up on the dot, and the food was ready to go. 
Always bonus points for businesses trying to do the right thing!I heard about these 3 men and their story on 6ABC awhile ago... I currently live in South NJ & it was worth the trip. I highly recommend it. I couldn't eat all 6 slices of  "Rock the Bell" pizza so I froze the other slices & they held their taste... it's the crust; very flavorful... well doneThis new blacked owned pizza spot gets it name for being in North Philly. Today was their official grand opening and I was able to pre order ahead of time through their Instagram page. They also had walk ins available as well. I choose a buffalo chicken because a lot of the options and time slots were already taken but it didn't disappoint. It is a pan style not too crispy and not too soft. They always offer milkshakes, wings and other things that I will have to try another day.Amazing service and food! I loved the style and quality. Will definitely come back more often!I have wanted to try this place since the day they opened and finally found the time today.
I have tried Detroit style pizza a few times and have found it hit and miss. Some good some bad like anything. But, down north pizza is the best I have ever had so far. I mean it's amazing. From the thick soft, fresh bread to a large helping of toppings. The wings are also just amazing. Tender, meaty and fried to perfection(I had the garlic parmesan). 
I also got the "I'm a boss" pizza and the "yeah that's us" pizza. Both are just amazing. My wife was not into the beef pepperoni but, honestly I loved it. 
The only part of the meal that was truly amazing or beyond expectation was the milkshake. Nothing wrong with it at all. A good vanilla milkshake. 
I could go on and on about the food. But, just check out my pizza and wing photo and give this place a try!!!!!Hands down some of the best pizza I've had... EVER... IN LIFE!!!
The neighborhood is dicey, but the food is totally worth the 20 minute trek. The ingredients are definitely fresh, the marinara sauce has a spice to it, that gives the pizza a kick! My friend got the Uptown Vibes, and I got the Rock tha Mic. Both were bangin'.
The milkshakes are good too.The pizza and wings here are absolutely amazing, definitely worth the trip. I'll be a regular here every time I visit Philly(Visited on 10/24/21)
Been wanting to try this place for a minute. Read about this restaurant in a few publications as they employ formerly incarcerated individuals at a fair wage; big shout out to the establishment for that alone!
Now to the food....i went on cheat day (Sundays) so that I could go IN. the menu items are titled based on classic Philly lingo. I got the What We Do pizza (shout out to Beans and Freeway for that classic) and the Honey Chipotle wings. 
The wings were AMAZING. Fried hard with a nice crisp. The honey Chipotle had a mix of spice and sweet that I've honestly never tasted on wings before. Very good. Also, the blue cheese dressing how a sweetness to it as well which was surprisingly good.
The pizza was very flavorful. Thick dough with a layer of cheese and toppings. Well worth the price.
This is definitely a place to support,  not only for the mission but great food as well!TLDR: go support this company with good pizza, but an even better social justice mission.
 I'm a pizza snob, y'all know this. Down North was decent, but you know what was bomb?! Their mission. 
With the goal of reducing recidivism rates, Down North hires ONLY previously incarcerated folks. It's giving the girls equity opportunity employer. Because "equal" ain't ever it. Ever. 
So let's get into it. We got the "Roc the Mic" pizza. Beef pepperoni & Norf Sauce. 
Believe me when I tell you, it was the Norf sauce for me. Spicy, zesty, and drizzled all over top. 
My homegirl said the bread tasted like Pizza Hut's, but better. She didn't lie. You know what would've set this off? Pork (instead of beef) pepperoni. But I mean c'mon Aisha, this is a halal spot. Lol.I put in an online order for their "No Betta Love" pizza - I had read about their for-profit social mission and had to try them. Their pizza was indeed excellent, and I can see why they have the "Best of Philly 2021" square pie award. This is takeout only, by the way. When I arrived at the time I set for pickup, sure enough - the pizza was ready and waiting. I had about a 20 minute drive home, and that pizza held up beautifully.
I should note that their Detroit pizza style might not be everyone's favorite, so I wish they made pizzas in other styles as well. I'm not a fan of such a thick crust - it's about an inch of crust alone, as you can see in my photo. It was really filling, so I shared the pizza with my neighbors, and they absolutely loved it. Different folks, different pizzas.
They could perhaps improve their menu, especially for people looking at it the first time and who aren't already familiar with their pizzas and other items. They reference "norf sauce" on many pizzas, but don't explain what it is on the menu page (it's defined on the FAQ page, which isn't included in the header navigation bar - webmeister, take note!). They refer to a pizza as "4 cheeses" but don't identify them. Their "Uptown Vibes" pizza is listed with four veggie components plus norf sauce. But does that mean no cheese on the pizza? A vegan tomato veggie pie? From Yelper photos, it looks like it does have cheese on it.
Still, it's a five-star place.Alright, let me first start by saying I loved the whole message behind "down north" so I decided to support. Also, it's Black Owned so that's ALWAYS a bonus. However, I'm a bit disappointed in the food I just brought for $91 (& no price doesn't matter cause I'm a foodie and I'll pay for whatever) I had the following: habanero wings, bodega wings and three pizzas (can't remember all the names. I'll post pic) The wings were cooked well but lacked major flavor. If I order habanero wings I'm expecting a KICK OR something to WOW me. Ugh I didn't receive that & that upset my day lol. The bodega wings didn't taste like anything at ALL. I hated the concept of the pizzas ALL of THEM. I thought it would be dough, sauce, and toppings and if they choose more sauce but it was the opposite and needed more sauce especially for all that dough. I'm not sure of the cheese that's melted on too but diff a required taste. My sensors shot through the roof. I was only able to eat one square because the taste started to get familiar making my taste buds uncomfortable. I'm just really saddened that the food wasn't living up to all the HYPE. But at least I can say I supported but unfortunately that would be my last time. I mean everything doesn't fit everyone but I commend them for the message behind it all but everything needs MORE FLAVOR! So, two starts for 1. The message and 2. The wings being COOKED right!Love everything this place stands for and what they promote. The juice selections were awesome I just couldn't quit get into the whole pizza to sauce ratio.
And Fresh Fries wilt so quickly that I stick to crispy ones and these ones weren't crispy enough for me.This pizza is worth the hype, worth the wait, just worth it!! The sauce was amazing, every pizza we tried was delicious, even the crab fries were super saucy and awesome! Can't wait to go back!I went to Philly to visit my family wanted to ensure that I got to try things outside of the tourist bubble. I looked up the best places to eat and Down North Pizza appeared! Their amazing mission and raving reviews made sure I couldn't say no! Let me remind you that I am lactose intolerant and avoid pizza for that reason. But, my visit here was well worth the 4 lactose relief pills I had to take to not torture my partner on the way home.
Food: (5/5) 
I am native New Yorker and this pizza made change sides. I am sensitive to spicy sauces but, they gladly accommodated me with an amazing tomato and basil sauce on my "I'm a Boss" pie. We got the cucumber mint lemonade ( perfect ~ not too sweet or sour) and the bean pie ice cream sandwich ( fyi: for those who haven't had bean pie think of pumpkin pie without the orange color and more body) with cinnamon and sugar crusted pie crust. In short, the food was heavenly with a price tag below $50. I will definitely go again.
Service: (5/5)
I have never been to a place that was so friendly and accommodating of my preferences. I expected (like most place in NYC) for the my request to change parts of my pizza to be received to with criticism. They were not only super nice about it but, showed me more options to fit my preferences. They were super quick on my order and even asked how crunchy I wanted my crust ( ~that is so nice!) I would gladly take anyone here!
All in all, I love this place! The mission, food, and service are outstanding. This is a place were I will constantly come back to Philly for!The pizzas were awesome. The chef uses creative toppings. This spot is definitely worth a try if you are in the neighborhood.I really wanted to like this place and was so excited it was a black owned pizza place. However, I didn't really care for the pizza. I don't want to bring up price, but tbh all their pizza's cost $20 at least and they are more of a personal size pizza. The dough is preordered frozen, not hand made. It is pretty thick and has a spongy texture to it that gives it away that it was thawed. We were literally able to pull the cheese straight off the dough. I was expecting some form of quality for a personal size $20 pizza. The Norf sauce is spicy, I don't have a problem with it, I just didn't care for spicy pizza sauce at the time. The wings and fries were good.This was a little road trip from Center City, but totally worth it! Down North has a cute space, they are only taking walk ins currently. There was plenty of street parking close by. We were there right at opening on a Saturday, and there was no line. Our order was prepared in 20 mins. The crab fries were so decadent- the sauce is so creamy and the fries were the perfect vehicle for them. We also ordered the Yeah That's Us and What We Do. The blue cheese on Yeah That's Us was not too overpowering and the sauce was super flavorful. The mix of flavors on What We Do was so interesting and kept me wanting more. On both pizzas, the dough was perfect in texture and chew, the edges were the best part. The crab fries were a highlight for me, and can't wait to have them again. So happy to support a local business that is also uplifting the community and putting Philly on the map!Best square pizza in Philly and I really don't think it comes close. Their pizza crust is almost focaccia-like rather than just regular bread. Topping combinations are great. The guys that work at the restaurant were really nice and had good service. All-around great experience. The only negative thing is that the wings were a little small but the flavor was great! I hope they open another branch in south Philly so I don't have to drive so long to get there. Even if they don't, their food is worth the distance!I ordered the I'm a Boss and my husband the No Betta Love. We split the habanero wings. 
When I took a bite of my pizza (boss) it tasted like par-bake. The dough was just that... dough. It was pale white on both sides and not cooked all the way through. My husband's had a nice char on the bottom to the point it was annoyingly loud with every bite but mine was chewy, cold and honestly... flavorless. I had to cook it for an additional 20 minutes in the oven before it browned. There were hardly any toppings which made it feel like I was just eating bread. 
I'm hoping this was just an isolated incidence which given some of the other reviews I've read, is probably the case! I will absolutely try again - I'm so thankful for any new business in our neighborhood.
Regardless, 5 stars for mission and location. alone.Best square pizza in the city... and the lemonade is delish! If you're ever "down Norf"  Check these guys outOk so first and foremost congrats on the black owned business. Now to the food. I had a sausage and pepperoni pizza, it had good flavor  but ratios were just off. Pizza is good. Just a little to doughy for me. On my second slice I had the taste in my mouth as if something was molded not pleasant at all. The wings are just chicken. They were barely sauced and I ordered the bodega wings. I have no idea what the flavor was supposed to be. I get what they are going for but it's not there. I'm a foodie and this is a big NO for me. No more patronizing from me. But again congrats on the business just not too my liking.Not only a good cause employing formerly incarcerated people and paying them a living wage, DELICIOUS FOOD! And they have vegan pizza too You'll never taste the difference. Psk Vegan Pizza. 
My only complaint, I can't order delivery on DoorDash or UberEats. At least not yet.One of the most flavorful and delicious pizza sauces I've ever tasted. I do believe this is the best Detroit-style square pizza in the city.tl;dr the folks at Down North aim to make an impact on the community with each stellar slice of their must-try Detroit-style pies
Down North Pizza proclaims itself as "no ordinary neighborhood pizza joint." Aiming to reduce recidivism rates among the community, Down North strives to provide formerly incarcerated folks with fair wages and career development opportunities. Down North also serves as a foray for Philadelphians into Detroit-styles pizzas: thick-crust pies, topped with cheese that goes all the way to the edges of the square baking pans, drizzled with "racing stripes" of red sauce. All that to say, Down North is making impactful moves on the community and culinary levels alike.
This past week, a buddy and I had a wicked hankering for some good 'zza, and Down North had at the top of my to-try list. At nearly a 30 minute drive from West Philly, Down North was no doubt a trek. And with walk-in orders only, it's best to call ahead to ensure that your top picks are still in stock.
We opted for the No Betta Love pizza with a side of Naked Fries. Despite the line of folks ahead of us waiting for their orders, our meal was prepared in less than the estimated 20 minutes. As I reentered the shop to grab my order, the worker paused. "So I know you ordered the Naked Fries... but we might have made you the Spicy Crab Fries. Is that ok?" A free upgrade to the premium side option? Yes, please!
The pizza was topped with a four-cheese blend (mozzarella, Colby jack, Wisconsin cheddar, and provolone) and streaks of "Norf Sauce," this spot's signature sweet-and-spicy marinara. The crust was thick yet fluffy, and each bite was pleasantly rich without feeling overwhelmingly heavy. As a non-crust lover, my favorite parts of these pies turned out to be the edges, where the cheese spilled over to the sides and crisped right up. And the fries -- move over Chickie and Pete's! Doused with melty cheese, old bay, and crab meet Down North's crab fries have you beat any day. Based on flavor alone, I don't see how anyone would prefer the Naked Fries. That being said, I can't comment on how well the topped fries would travel (we chowed down right on the spot), but I imagine it would progressively descend into a soggy mess.
With so many premium pizzerias popping up around Philly, the Down North team goes a slice above the rest, offering their distinct flair to their pies. Individual 'zzas from $18 to $25, but don't be deceived by the seemingly small size -- a single pizza is hearty enough to split comfortably between at least two folks. Despite the hike to get there, I can't wait to try more of their menu moving forward.The pizza here is seriously delicious. The pizza looks small but it is so filling! Even though a slice or two can fill you up they still managed to keep the dough light and airy. The mission of the restaurant is also admirable (I swear the crime is making pizza this dang good). We had a mix of the fries, wings, pizza and vegan pizza as well as lemonade. Everything was delicious. One pizza fed me for four meals.After learning about this place in Instagram, I was so excited to go! Their pizza looked amazing and I appreciate their mission of supporting formerly incarcerated community members with fair wages and opportunities for career growth. We ordered the "No Betta Love" cheese pizza and the Spicy Crab fries and they were great! Both had a slight kick. I really loved the tomato sauce in the pizza that was both sweet and spicy. The crab fries had a bit of crab on them and the sautéed kale added some balance in flavors. We also got the blueberry lemonade which had a natural blueberry syrup mixed in and it was a sweet treat! Overall, it was worth the trip from the west!This is such a solid spot for Philly! Firstly, it is far and few between that you can find a Detroit-style pizza (which is my personal favorite) in Philadelphia, so to make it stand out amidst the competitive pizza landscape of the city, you've gotta bring the heat.
Down North quite literally does that, starting off with their Norf Sauce. This is a delicious combination of a sweet and spicy red sauce that they put on their "No Betta Love" pie. I would consider this their standard, and a must have if you are just starting to dabble with this style of pizza. Their dough is thick and airy, has a great crisp around the edges, and really holds up for the rich sauces they put on top. My only critique here...I wish there was more sauce on the pie! Really good all around. 
You may across this same problem that we had which was, how can you only order one? Their speciality pies all look great, so we tried to balance it out, and we also got the "Yeah That's Us" (which is a buffalo chicken & blue cheese pie) and the "What we do" (which is like a meat lovers special with pepperoni and sausage, along with banana peppers and a honey chipotle drizzle...and you can't forget the kale, in case you want a healthy aspect ;) 
All that said, I felt like the "Yeah That's Us" was my favorite. Right off the jump, opening the box, the aroma of that spicy buffalo sauce and melty blue cheese is just amazing. Neither over-power each other, and you know these guys are pros because they use chicken thighs. This is crucial, because thighs are way juicer, and hold their own flavor and the flavor of the sauce much better.
All the pies were slamming, and then we also got an order of their crab fries...YO. I must have skimmed by the description, because I had no idea there was going to be real crab meat on these jawns, but talk about stepping it up a level. The cheese sauce and kale are a great compliment to the old bay seasoning. These were fire.
Even their lemonades were off the chain - we got the cucumber mint and blueberry - I would like gallons of these in my own home. 
The joint itself is pretty cool too. Nice service and you can't help but be consumed with what they stand for. They are community centric, and have the art and attitude that stands for it. 
If it wasn't so far for me, I would eat here at least once a month. 
Highly recommend checking this out, regardless of where you live in the city!Oh. Man. This is not only some of the most delicious pizza I've had in Philly, but some of the best pizza I've ever had. The crust has such an appealing texture: the perfect combo of soft, chewy, and crunchy. I got the What We Do (sausage, pepperoni, kale, banana peppers, and honey chipotle sauce) and loved the mix of flavors. The texture of the cheese was spot on, too.
I wish this place wasn't so far away from Center City, as I'd definitely eat there a lot more often if it were within walking distance of me (no car, sadly).My second trip was on a rainy Friday during lunch hour to pick up a limited special pizza "Break You Off" - lamb sausage, ricotta, basil, lemon honey and zaatar. The specials that they run have always sounded exciting and enticing with new flavors so I made a trip over.
The street that the shop is on didn't have any open street parking, in contrast to my first visit on a Saturday, but the side streets had plenty of open spots.
I arrived at 12:25pm (they open at 12p) and the small interior of the store was already full of patrons waiting for their order. This place was busy!! Within an hour of opening, they took down the sign for the special, which I took to mean that they were sold out for the day. I was glad I arrived when I did. They were not taking online preorders for the special, walk in only.
This visit was less smooth than my first, which I attributed to how busy they were and they are a new shop still working things out. When I paid, they said the wait would be 20 mins but it was closer to 45 mins. The spicy crab fries were also heavier on the salt than I remember them being, but still good.
With that said, the "Break You Off" special was so delicious that all was forgiven/forgotten in the first bite. The flavors of the lamb offset by the sweetness of the lemon honey danced on my tastebuds. The dough was the perfect vehicle and didn't take away from the toppings.
My 5 star rating hasn't changed because of the quality of the food - this pizza place is so unique and I would highly recommend following them on IG if you want to try one of their specials. I would definitely recommend coming early to avoid a longer wait on busy days.We were very pleasantly surprised by this pizza shop! I am encouraged by their mission to employ incarcerated people and give them jobs. I always appreciate a restaurant or shop much more with a great mission behind their business. 
As for the 'za, I prefer to have thin crispy crust but the bread on this Detroit style was very soft and the ratio between the bread and sauce was good! The outside crust was crispy on the sides which I loved. However, the red sauce was a bit sweet for my taste but the flavor of the Uptiwn Vibes pizza we got was delicious! I highly recommend their vegan pizza too as I think it's the best in Philly I've tried so far!Love the idea behind their mission!  They are delivering high quality,  delicious tasting product and I will be back!
My husband and I decided to try them out after reading an article in Bon Appetit.   We ordered online and the food was done on time.  Ordering was easy.
We had the "what we do" which is a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, banana peppers,  kale and chipotle honey sauce which offered plenty of flavour and not too much heat.
We also had the crab fries,  which I was impressed by.  The crab chunks, kale and cheese sauce perfectly topped the fresh potatoes. 
Cucumber lemonade and strawberry lemonade topped our meal delightfully.Ridiculously good. I almost always prefer NY style pizza since that's what I grew up with (NJ and NYC) but after seeing I lived only a bit over a mile from Down North, I had to try it.
Mind. Blown. The pizza is worth every bit of hype, everyone is super nice, and the flavors were outrageous. Great crisp on the edges which is what you expect of Detroit-style pizza. The sauce was awesome and had a kick. Delicious all around.
Make the trip now. You won't be disappointed.