A budget Chinese buffet not too far away from town. Everything you'd expect for a Chinese buffet. They did have lobsters though. :PFood is just okay but good enough because of the price. The check-in coupon never works so just let you know.... The only thing I don't like besides the food is that waiters are around you all the time that makes me very uncomfortable!Good shushi for a buffet everything else is the same as any other place. Staff is friendly every time I stop by.The worst dirty place with no food to choose from beware this is the worst Chinese I every had go else where !!!Would give zero stars if I could. They had a yelp coupon posted, but wouldn't let me use it. They said it wasn't valid any longer.The sushi here is great and so is the fried squid. The first time I had dinner here, they had Lemon Chicken and it was out of this world. Now it seems as though they do not make it anymore. 
Their chicken fingers (nuggets, as they call them) are superb! Extra crunchy & crispy and not greasy at all. While their crab rangoons are the larger, triangle shaped ones, the filling is delicious. I also like their sesame balls. 
I think with a lot of these buffets, it's the luck of the draw and you just have to take your chance and hope for a good experience. The friend that I went with last night ended up being sick overnight, yet I am fine. So it's hard to judge from experiences if I buffet is clean/safe or worth the trip. Like I stated in another review, I have a sensitive stomach and have never gotten sick from eating here. Who knows? Maybe the sushi is the way to go!?!?The food here is great. I come mainly for the seafood, sushi, and hibachi grill. They started skimping out on the seafood selection lately. :( What happened to the lobsters they used to serve? On top of that, they increased the price from previous times. The sushi still tastes great and the hibachi is the same.Quality food at an unbelievable buffet price. Best buffet selections, including sushi, I have ever tried so far in the area.  So good that I miscalculated and overpaid my bill BUT our waitress honestly pointed out the error.  Gave her additional tip for her honesty.I've been coming to this buffet for several years. They have a good selection of sushi and other food and the staff is usually nice and cheerful. 
  The most recent time was really bad though. First of all the waiter had herpes on his lips. I choked down my initial vomit and reminded myself its not foodborne, and proceeded to the buffet. The sushi was WAY off. It did not taste fresh and they were over filled to a disgusting level. The crawfish were not purged and full of shit. The shrimp had dark spots on the shells which, usually happens naturally, but can be a sign of poor handling. The breaded fish i had was basically a breaded skeleton - it was inedible. Even the desserts were crap. The chocolate pudding was absolutely flavorless. 
  I was surprised and dissapointed to have that kind of experience here. The hostess didn't even ask us how it was when we paid. That may have been the saving grace that brought me back to give them a second chance in the future, but since they didn't even care that much I don't expect any improvement and I won't be returning.OK average to maybe slightly above for Chinese food. Some of the very good items are the Sushi which for a Buffet, I find to be excellent. Very good Teriyaki bar with fresh grilled meats and veggies which are a plus. I like their Chicken wings, pasta Alfredo ( believe it or not damn good!) Pork Loin, fish, and chicken selections. All have a nice fresh taste and look to it. But the bad is pretty rough. The clientele that goes to this place are shall we say not the highest class and ill just leave it at that. (ladies don't leave your bag unattended ) Can get very noisy with screaming kids so if want quiet , pass on this place! Very dirty bathrooms (big turn off) Place overall does not have a very clean feel to it and probably should be updated maybe completely renovated. Price is average. Having said all this , the place is still decent choice for buffet fans and much better that the other Chinese Buffet across the street !The food is good and has a lot of choices. I went there last weekend and tried their sushi. It was delicious! Definitely I will come back again.I went in little after 8 and this place was busy closing up. If you were that desperate to close, then don't seat customers. I opened my phone to double check the hours. They should have been open till 10. What a joke. There were barely any food left. If there was any they were so dry. Nobody took dishes from my table. I didn't even see my waiter around. I found him at staffs' dinner table. I am sorry for interrupting your dinner but may I please have a check so I can get out of your way? Wonder why they close so early when it is stated they close at 10. Food is horrible. Service is even worse. Please do yourself a favor and go to fast food chain if you are looking for cheap dinner. At least you are going to be served hot food. I won't be surprised if this place go out of business tomorrow.The staff are friendly. The food however leaves a lot to be desired. Food temp for hot dishes is Luke warm. The sushi looked tired and unappetizing. My friend started with the Sushi and was very disappointed. The dessert selection and taste was decent. For the price there are many other choices that do not carry a $14.49 price tag (plus $1.49 for soda). Most Chinese Buffets I've been to with much better quality rarely go above $12-13.99 for the weekend/dinner fare. My wife and her girlfriend said that the bathroom was disgusting. We will not return.Good was good, service was good. Needs a little renovations but other than that I was pleased!This is my favorite chinese buffet restaurant. Maybe because my family really enjoys this place but I think the quality is pretty good for the price and buffet.
I love the wonton soup, my mom loves the spicy soup and I think I've tried miso... but I cant remember to be exact. 
The calamari is my favorite item in this entire place I love pairing it with some string beans and white rice. The string beans are done perfectly, they're crisp and fresh and not overdone. The rice, well it's white rice but seeing as my white rice at home always comes out mushy, I love their rice. 
Stuffed mushrooms, egg rolls, stuffed shells with who knows what! are also some of my favorite items. Needless to say, this place has a very nice selection of items. Oh yea, the sushi is pretty good.
However, need to go to the little girls room? I'd wait and go at the mall. The bathrooms there just creep me out.Going to bump this place up to a "4" Yes, place needs a face lift and update, especially the bathrooms, but the bottom line, the food is better than the average buffet! The servers have always been nice and courteous from my experiences. Unfortunately, can get very noisy here with plenty of families that frequent this place with babys and small children screaming. If that bothers you , you may want to skip this place.  Sushi is great, the barbeque grill is a hit, love the wings, roast pork, shrimp alfredo noodles, chicken dishes, and believe it or not try the Pizza, its very good! You will def find something you like here! So if you can deal with the couple of warts this place has, for food alone, one of the better choices for Chinese buffets I have been to.A lot of food, but taste terrible. Cook make fish over spicy with terrible sauce It's the shame salmon and flounder underneath looks fine. I didn't catch fight for crab legs , but lobster clusters and crabs has grey meat inside. They should be white or pink. Looks ugly and no taste at all .Maybe all salt used on the fishThe food was solid (not great but not bad.) A nice variety to choose from. I'd probably give it a three for the food but the service was excellent (always made sure our cups were refilled and took plates off our tables.) Plus, the girl at the front desk was gorgeous! hahaWanted sushi, but didn't want to spend a fortune. I was starving and it wasn't quite dinner yet, so I stopped in to get my sushi grub on.  The sushi chef was seriously friendly! The types of rolls are really really good. Lots of variety. I love the maki with the crunch to them w/ the sesame seeds on them. SO GOOD! I had 2 full plates of sushi and enjoyed some squid. All in all, that's what I was there for. Gotta love these people who go into a buffet, expecting it to be like Northern Liberties, Center City or Chestnut Hill. It's a buffet. You get what you pay for. 
Make sure you tip the sushi chef. I sat facing him and he was working his arse off.
Also - can't you pigs friggin wait until you get to your seat until you start eating? I witnessed a guy grab (albeit, with the tongs) a sushi roll and shove it in his mouth. 
No matter what type of buffet it is, wash your hands BEFORE and after eating.
Also, if you "check in" with Yelp, you get 10% off. Works for me.
Thank you.OmGG! so yesterday we went to this buffet and my sister found cockroaches in the ice cream and flys in the pastries, so as shes telling me this, someone screams in the background " A COCKROACH"!!!! there was a big comotion as the owner tried to hide the people and the cockroach on the fruit, i just know I will never step foot in here again! this place is infested and should be inspected ASAP! ewwwww!Hands down the best buffet in the Philadelphia area.  I've never had good sushi at a buffet... No, not even at a sushi buffet (Minado, Tokyo, etc.).  But this place has so many different variaties of sushi creations and it tastes fresh!  If you're a crawfish lover, this is the place to go.  You can't get fresh crawfish at a buffet, but this place has te best seasoned crawfish in town!  There's been a lot of buffets openning around Dynasty trying to compete.  I've been to all of them and they do not compare.
Servers are on point.  Very nice and friendly.  They do their jobs to 100+%.
Dynasty gets 5 stars for service and food!My dad usually likes to visit this place with one of his buddies and then catch a movie, but this time he talked the family into going with him instead... Sans my dad, we are not buffet people, so perhaps others with more buffet experience would find this place more or less appealing. 
The food was ok, nothing great, nothing terrible, just ok. There's a nice variety of food, the staff does a good job of keeping the troths filled, and the sushi selection is lovely, both tasty and pretty to look at. 
Unfortunately this place needs some serious refurbishing. The interior and exterior both look used and abused. If they fixed it up a bit I think my overall experience would have been better. For now, it's going to take a bit of arm twisting to get me to revisit.Good Guga Muga
Now that's what I'm Talking about....
When i say the Best Buffet in the City Of Philly Chilly Killy Delphia I mean the Best Hands Down.
Ladies and Gents this Place is Truly Awesome.
Chilean Sea Bass
Frog Legs
GiGantic CRABS
Bok Chow
Real Meaty Beef Ribs
"A true fatt mans Heaven"Tried to redeem the %10 discount and allegedly they tried calling yelp but will never come back just based off false advertisementOK. The first thing you should know is that I give it 4 stars for value only. Less, if you judge it purely for food. In buffets, everyone from the chefs to the customers recognizes quantity trumps quality.  It's not just heavy breaded fried stuff. It has a serviceable mongolian stir-fry section, ready-made sushi rolls, as well as to-order sushi pieces and lots of seafood. A good buffet has to have good seafood. It does, esp. with black bean sauce clams, mussels and steamers. On a weeknight, it's $15 all in, cheaper other Bensalem institutions such as Golden Corral. Usually you leave feeling happy because of the price, after having spent all your money at Franklin Mills.Dynasty Buffet is located near the Orange Entrance of Franklin Mills Mall, next to a gas station. They have good sushi selections, including fried sushi.Their food selections are also good and taste good, although nothing to rave/crazy about.2 stars for the restaurant.
4 stars for the crab legs and craw fish! 
This was probably the most interesting buffet experience I've ever had. There is actually a line waiting for the crab legs. I decided to be cool and wait next to the tray also. A new batch of crab legs came out and 4 people around me launched their attack at the crustaceans. Within 5 seconds there were 5 pieces left and it was time to make a move. I grabbed tongs from the fried shrimp tray and scooped the remaining crab legs. By the end of the night, I got the system down and enjoyed a night of crawfish and crab legs. 
I wouldn't come here for anything else.We needed a new buffet since ours closed. The one around the way from here was bad, so we figured we'd try this one. I'm so glad we did! Everything was incredibly fresh and perfectly seasoned. The service was attentive and courteous. We have found our new "treat yo'self!" spot!Last time I was here was about 10 years ago, and the food was superb. So I was excited to revisit the place after a decade. However, my excitement quickly devolved to disappointment. The food was greasy and shoddy, the atmosphere trashy (thanks for playing explicit music over the sound system with my 6 year old sitting there), and the staff was unfriendly. I got a real, "Okay eat and leave" vibe from them. Overall, an unpleasant experience.Solid sushi (husband raves about it), crabs legs, crayfish, and other typical Chinese buffet fare, plus some unusual stuff too like hibachi options.  There's a large selection of more traditional fare and more fish dishes than you can shake a stick at.  Also super kid friendly with lots of options they'll appreciate.  Very good for the price!  And also lots of seating.Finally came for dinner this past week.
Pros:
1. Friendly service staff
2. Great sushi rolls, decent nigiri
3. Great hot foods and great selection. Crawfish, frog legs, fish, hibachi items, chicken pattie sandwiches, crab legs, lobster claw, quail, duck, frog legs, and fried squid
Cons:
1. Way too high prices on young kids. Charging a 6 year old $10 makes no sense.
2. Sushi bar is right next to Ladies Bathroom which emits a strange odor
3. Sashimi and oyster quality isn't that great
4. Bathrooms are extremely dirty and outdate,d need renovation immediately.
For adults, it's a great deal, but I've never been to a Chinese buffet that charges children so much.
Overall, the food is really good, but the facility itself needs some serious renovation.Bad food. The food were old and they never change it. When you go get food there's a lady that stand there staring at you making sure you don't take too much..... ITS A BUFFET!!!!!If you like sushi, this is the place to go.  The raw fish is fresh and full thickness not like most all-you-can-eat places where the fish is razor thin and tiny slices.Buffets in general skeeve me out so I really had no business going here. I was just trying to go with the flow and compromise. I'll grant them this; they did have a large selection food from American to sushi to Chinese there were alot of entrees. Now the quality? What do you expect it's a buffet. Everything tasted kind of eggy to me...from the banana pudding to the lo mien. It just had a weird after taste. I think the cherry on this picked over, left out for god knows how long and mixed with other food sundae is that for two people who drank water, it cost us $31.00. Never again.There are Many Asian buffets in the immediate vicinity around the Franklin Mills mall.  Some are definitely better than the rest.  At the top of the list are the Dynasty and the Hibachi Grill Supreme restaurants.
We usually prefer the Dynasty by a slim margin, primarily because it has a better sushi and sashimi selection.  You CAN have custom things made at either but the normal selection at Dynasty is better, hands down.
Both are a very good value and constantly being out fresh selections.  Service, such as it is, is comparable at both.  Hey it's a Buffet, so it isn't reasonable to have high expectations in this area.  Service is fast and efficient, if not overly friendly.  And that's just fine by me.  These are not full service restaurants and you aren't tipping 20%While the salad bar is lacking and they do not have a lot in types of deserts. 
But the food is GREAT!! BANGING even. I loved the sushi bar and almost everything I tasted was good. The service was okay I think they wanted us to leave so that we could not go into dinner. All and all it was a good way to spend 40 dollars.Try it yourself...This is my favorite chinese buffet in the area. When everything is fresh it's amazing, but I have been there on an "off" day once in a while when the food was just eh. Their teriyaki beef sticks on the hibachi grill are my favorite. Black pepper chicken is also really good.The staff was nice but the food was horrible. I went to this restaurant at 2pm for lunch. The food had no flavor and was cold. The price was excellent but I guess you get what you pay for.....do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.Worth place i ever went,staff are very rude.I went there during 3-4 pm ,and i took the lobsters but it was for dinner,after i came to the table mg friend told me that ,this lobster for dinner only ,i was like oooo didnt know,and than one of servers came to me with no apologize and no explanation took away my plateIts a chinese buffet.. so what should you expect? They have increased the amount of sushi they have, and still have a pseudo mongolian grill on the side, though the ingredients that were sitting out did not look appetizing. The dumplings are ok when you get them hot. I am not attracted to the AYCE crab legs but they do seem popular there. Usually have several types of vegetables including greens, bok choy and green beans. General Tso's chicken is bland at best.. but it is a buffet. Always seems busy, probably because of the proximity to the Franklin Mills complex.I love this place their food is really delicious even thought is a buffet everything taste really goodThe food is gross, its mostly all cold and old. The only good thing is the seafood variety. Everything else just sucks. No variety of food what so ever. I do not recommend. Just go to wendys next door.I came in for lunch for the first time with my family, and we all really enjoyed it!
I was suprised by the quality of the hot foods and sushi rolls.
The shrimp, chicken, and beef skewers from the hibachi were amazing, they had great fish selections, and i was really surprised by how good the sushi rolls were.
I can't wait to come here for dinner, because my server told me there were crab legs, sushi nigiri, sashimi, and other great items~!
Will write another review once I try dinner~Only adjective that comes to mind is...ok. Not a ringing endorsement but been to worse. I tried the salmon and it crumbled from being so dry. When they brought out a Fresh tray, it was good. Must say, the refill constantly. Food is good for the most part. Good luck if you go inthe next few weeks. Last year we made the mistake of going during graduation season. Omg! There were parties of 15-20 all throughout. It was so crowded and noisy! Never again. We'll wait.The dynasty has a great selection of food. It has everything from sushi, (all kinds of fancy rolls) to burgers, to pigs feet. It gets crowded on the weekends, but that means that food turn over is FAST and always stays fresh. 
Like any buffet, you'll have to watch the little kids weaving between your legs and sticking their hands in the ice cream. Dynasty is very much a large family kind of place.I like this place a lot, and I eat there often when I'm at the Franklin Mills Mall. In addition to the standard buffet items, they also have sushi and a Mongolian BBQ where you select the ingredients and the cook prepares it for you right there in a couple of minutes. The quality at Dynasty above average for a Chinese buffet and the service is friendly and efficient.The Chinese-Japanese buffet here is very good.  The food is wholesome and well-priced.
Makrel, several kinds of fish including the hit number 'stuffed crab' a s well as 'crab meat' creamy casserole, become a seafood lover's near-nirvana; but not quite, because of their apparent loss of former seafood delights which aren't here any more. Sushi is fresh. Fruit and desserts exhibit the usual mixture of Chinese sweets culture -cuisine, plus especially fine variety. Tending toward the natural side. 
Wait staff (numerous) is always circulating about. A couple things: they are attentive, but a few have v. limited English;  and overall, the handlers, respectively, can occasionally appear a little awkward as he or she stands there. Our MAIN one was super.
 The bldg itself has a bit more of a messy neighbor (or 2) of the Franklin Mills. Much more importantly, the men's room-DynastyBuffet was old, not clean, water puddle smack in the middle of floor,  and...  surely in the process of breaking down further within approx. 5 years. 
Overall sense of one's "state" after it all:
  Healthy, full, and no breakage of your wallet.I had decent hopes for this restaurant when I came in. Unfortunately, the food was, at best, okay. The sushi had been left out on the bar and the rice was partially dried and crusted. I got a spicy tuna hand roll from the buffet and didn't end up eating it because the fish had dried to a crust on the exterior. The green beans were pretty tasteless and the wonton soup just tasted like chicken broth. Furthermore, none of the food on the buffet was hot. 
The only saving grace was the service.
Nonetheless, I will not be back to this buffet again.Food Sits out for long before its rotation so foods become hard or cold . Food is selection is traditional Chinese-American food .The Crawfish are one of the highlights I love to enjoy when I visit hibachi bar is a option included alsoThis place is disgusting.  I should have known when I pulled into to the parking lot. The grass and weeds were  so tall I thought it was deserted.  As for the food, it was not fresh- tasting and very bland.  The rest room was dirty and that's a telltale sign of their cleanliness standards  especially in the kitchen.  Won't ever go there again!!!Been here few time. Their menu is boring and is good enough to satisfy your Chinese cravings.  Their sushi is good!   But Don't expect too much from this place, their staffs are not as friendly.  
It is a good spot for fast dinner after a day at the mall.They offer good sushi for a low price. I came here for a plate of sushi, sashimi, and garlic bread. Speaking of garlic bread, their bread is very soft and flaky, a must try here. Their buffalo wings and teriyaki chicken are also very good. However, some of their food, like General Tso's chicken, roast beef, and fries are lacking. Also, the bathroom could use more servicing.I love this buffett..
1) Its affordable
2) Menu selection is good... you can go in  and be a big
3) FOOD IS GREAT!!!
4) Dont want crab legs cause it may be a 1 hour wait and you may get tackled for the skimpy leg lol...So ignorant & they don't accept coupon. I watched a guy in the back spill some sort of sauce & he just used his hands to scoop it back up into a container. So disgusting.my family loves this place, the food is pretty decent it has good flavor but im adding an extra star for the sushi. we go here to mainly eat at the sushi bar..i would choose to come eat the sushi here over other japanese restaurants in the greater area. it is def. up there for one of my fav. places to go eat sushi. the price is reasonable too. they have lunch special going on for $7-8If you are in the mood for old dried up food with little selection and want to over pay this is your place. Horrible. Suprised an inspection of how dirty the place is has not shut them down yet.Clearly Chinese buffets aren't classy, but this place is just plain sad. Did I have a terrible experience because I went for lunch? Maybe, but I can't imagine dinner is much better. 
It's $10.40 for lunch, which I'd say is typical for most buffets in the area. Believe me when I say it's not worth it for this rubbish. Usually I can find a number of things to eat at places like this, but after doing a full circuit of the whole buffet I didn't have a single thing on my plate because everything looked atrocious. I forced myself to take some inoffensive looking chicken and noodles. The food here really is cold, frankly I was shocked. Temperature had never been an issue at any buffet I'd been to before, even super cheap ones. 
Please do not eat any seafood here. It looks old, and looking at it made my stomach turn. I definitely wouldn't trust the sushi here. They had a bunch of raw food out which all looked super sketchy, a few of the raw eggs were cracked, yuck.
Take a hint from the dingy exterior, this place seems dirty inside and out. It's just not worth it.
By the way, even the fortune cookies are stale.$19 per person for a rather large buffet.  Everything looked really good, but unfortunately, looks can be deceiving.  There is an extensive sushi/sashimi bar and the few items that I tried were very good.  Also there is a bar with raw seafood and meats.  That was not for me.  The remainder was broad and included crayfish, octopus, lobster (claws only), crab legs, frog legs, and several shrimp dishes. Without exception, all of the seafood products were overcooked.  Some to the point that they chewed like rubber.  What was really lacking was flavor.  Everything had a bland taste and an unpleasant after taste.  Even the iced tea was weak.  The wait staff hovered over us and took our empty plates before we finished all of our food. Very annoying. Both restrooms were beyond filthy.  And we all remember the old saying which warns about not eating in a place with dirty toilets!!!  I'd give this place one star except for the sushi selections.I live very close to this place and stop often for takeout by the pound. I usually just get soup, a few beef shewers, and spareribs. Average price between $4-6 Their grilled meat and seafood skewers are the best options in my opinion. Anything else is hit or miss. The place is in desperate need of a deep cleaning and the dust on the main chandelier is appalling. But it is the best tasting Chinese food in the area and they do get quite a crowd at times.we ate here a couple of times. it's near the mall so after shopping tired, your thinking is big meal. this is one of the buffets near the mall. it's not bad and better than ruby buffet. it looks cleaner and organized. the food you'll get here is chinese and japanese only.He tried to go here for my husband's birthday and we called and they said they had a little bit of Alaskan crab legs what kind of shit is that I don't understand so we finally just went to our chances and it was two little legs in the water everything else seem like it was sitting out then I had a 10% off of one meal they would not honor the owner or manager told me yes you can honor it and then when my husband went to go look around at the food she got one of the bus boys or waiters not for sure to come over and say they can't honor the 10% it's not much but it's the principles so they was confused I was confused so me and my husband left and we going to try another restaurant up here near Philadelphia Mills how can a restaurant have crab legs and sell out and it's all you can eat unbelievable I will not be honoring them anymore. Consumer beware..The hostess greeted us with a "what do you want?"  That should have been our clue to leave.
Although they do have a wide variety all the food was cold and tasteless.  Absolutely will not return nor would ever recommend this place.  Waste of time and money.  Don't go hereLots of variety of sushi, seafood buffet is really good, frog legs variety of shrimp & fish, crabs smell strong-didn't try them (I like crab). I would go back.Quite likely the worst meal I've ever been served in a restaurant. Echoing previous reviews, the food is either tasteless or inedible. The Generals Chicken can only be described as being made from pre-chewed chicken.At one time this was the best chinese food buffet in the area.  However went there last night (a Friday night), and it was horrible. When I ate here a few months ago, it was packed with people.  This time food was cold, and not a good selection at all.  Staff was friendly, but food was horrible.  None of the food was close to being hot, I only tried a couple things.  I'd say food poisoning was the culprit to my upset stomach all night.  Wish the health Dept would check this place.  They must have new owners and kept the name, BEWARE!!!We really didn't have high hopes for this place , having driven by  many many times it just does not have any 'wow' factor from the outside, but their sushi bar sign outside intrigued us and my husband and I aren't too picky when it comes to Chinese food. 
We were truly really pleasantly surprised by the amount and quality of sushi, sashimi, and rolls available at no extra charge. They have an impressive seafood selection including peel and eat shrimp, crab legs, and oysters. They have a small Dim Sum selection and maybe 4 soups as well. One thing we didn't take advantage of is a make your own hibachi bar. There is a large selection of classic 'Chinese buffet foods' which were quite tasty too (general tso's, chicken and broccoli, crab rangoon etc).
Everything was delicious and when it came time to pay neither of us had any expectation of the price and let me tell you it was the cheapest sushi , including buffetI have ever had. like $12 and change a person. We will definitely be back.They revamped the place a little. Sushi is still good as ever. Chicken fingers are crunchy and yummy and I absolutely love the squid. I just wish they had something else for the soy/wasabi instead of those plastic cups! :(Not the best keep resterant, rest room had all kinds of stuff in plain site ubder ths sink, the building had a very unpleasant smell.  The food was not the greatest and the waiter and waitress were very unfriendly.  I would not recommend this place to anyoneThis place happens to be a favorite of my husband, who obviously prefers quantity over quality.
As Bethenny Frankel says, "I can't stand the desperation of a buffet line," (or something like that.)  This sentiment is very evident in the line that forms around the crab legs.  I actually pity these people who spar for a set of tongs and keep watch over the empty crab leg tray.  When it is filled, it is a complete feeding frenzy.  To me, this is like dinner & a show and I thoroughly enjoy it.  Anyway, I digress...
The sushi is good, better than any other Chinese buffet place I have ever been.  There are a lot of options here, most of which are OK.  Nothing special at all, but again, it is quantity over quality.
About every 6 months or so my husband & I will crave a visit to Dynasty.  After gorging ourselves, on the ride home the MSG starts to set in & we totally regret it.  But alas, we are back in another 6 months.Haven't been here in years! Decided to come here today. When my wife & I arrived I did show them my 10% off for a yelp checkin & they immediately said No! I asked them why because it's on their page. Lady wasn't having it. Someone else who worked there had to get involved & say it was ok to use. My issue with that is if you're not going to take it then take it Off the yelp site
Food was okay. The hibachi was good didn't have a lot of options like other places but it did it's job. The food was good too. I always get the same items at buffets I really don't try new items. But items I had were great. Only issue is parents letting their kids run a muck. Hitting me & other people as we're trying to get our food. But that's parents who just let their kids do whatever they please I guess. 
Will I return? Yes I will!!1 star is too much. The place is so dirty and discussing that it made me sick just being there. 
As we walked it, the kids walked into the men's bathroom to wash their hands and stepped into a huge chlorine puddle. Their idea of washing the floor was tho spill a bucket of chlorine water on the floor. And no one stopped us from  walking in!  
Then there's the food. Unlabeled empty platters in front of the grill. Most trays were less than 1/3 filled and the food looked dried out. The raw meats for hibachi were dry and looked unsanitary. 
We ordered fountain sodas and they tasted like chlorine rags. 
One of the ice cream scoopers was plastic and was melted plastic. The scoopers were soaking in dirty water! 
And top of it all, no one watched the stations. Some lady who looked like she was doped on drugs or drunk ate grapes right off the tray and noone said anything. 
I would have left right after the bathroom situation if my husband didn't start eating. 
I just hope that my family doesn't get sick tonight from eating there.You shouldn't be able to smell the seafood from door. Food was half descent. I wouldn't do it again, but not bad for a Monday night.I'm sad to see that this place has closed. When they first opened years ago, they were my favorite Chinese buffet in the area. Even though the restaurant was small, they offered a wide variety of food. Besides Chinese favorites, they were also french fries, chicken fingers, sushi, ice cream, and a section where you could give the chef your food and they would cook it right there for you. 
The quality of the service and food has gone down drastically over the years. The last time we ate there (~ Dec 2018), we were so disappointed. The food variety had gone down and the fish was rotten. When we told the waiter that the fish wasn't fresh, he just took the plate and put the fish back into service!Stopped by this place after the mall on Sunday. The staff are somewhat friendly, but the reason why I'm giving this place a two star is due to the food. The hours states that they are open Friday-Sunday 10am-11pm. It was only 8pm and when I asked if they were going to bring out more snow crab legs or oysters, the answer I received was there is no more. How could that be? After I asked a couple of other employees, they finally brought out more. 
Most of the food here is really plain, their sushi is your average buffet sushi, nothing special. A lot of the food looks like it has been sitting there for far too long.I wish I could give this place zero stars, but I'll give one because our server was nice. The food was awful, ice cream melted, meat tasted fake and even the sushi was just awful. There were cob webs everywhere(I've worked restaurants, I know it happens) and even the outside of the building left so much to be desired. Don't eat here. Just don't. It's bad. Oh and don't bother trying to use the 10% off yelp coupon, it's not valid because it's from the "old owners"I was in this area and needed a quick bite near the road. I chose this because it had three stars while the other buffet here had 2 1/2. 
If this is the good buffet here, I'd hate to think how bad the other one was. 
I sampled little portions of 12 different things to find three that I liked. 
The Rosemary Chicken wasn't bad (though I tasted no rosemary). The fried chicken was ok. The BBQ rib was decent. 
Everything else I ate sucked. The sushi was flavorless. The meats from the hibachi were all weirdly flavored. 
The interior is worn. The men's room smelled. And they wouldn't even honor the Yelp check in. 
Well I can't hold that last part against them. They said they called to remove that but Yelp never did. 
But I can hold everything else against them. 
I'll never get that $16 back.Don't get me wrong I liked the food but the customer service is horrible.  Infact, I think I've received unfair treatment at this facility.  It was kind of racist.  
On 05/02/12,  I walked into the buffet at around 5:30PM, with my 16 year old son and his school friend after a day of shopping at Flynn and O'hara.  We were seated and asked about the drinks in which we order 3 sprites. I went to the restroom, and after I returned they went to get food, they are very light eaters, they had about two rounds with few ounces of food on each plates.   When they went for the second round a lady came up unexpectedly with a mug of water and started pouring into their sprites, and as she go to do the second glass, I said to her that's not water, that's sprite.  She took the full glass of sprite and go to refill it.   The waiters kept looking at us because I assumed we were the only blacks at the time.  I wasn't dress out of the way or the kids weren't either.
All the people around us were there before us but we were handed the bill before anyone else.  I was charged $42 with no itemized prize on the bill but because I was so embarrass, I went ahead and added $10 tip, I then saw three waiters get together and said she put $10 tip.
I think it was one of my worst and most uncomfortable experience in any restaurant.I lost respect for this place when they were having like a 50 deep person graduation party here.  So pathetic. But whatever. 
I honestly don't care for buffets.  I think the skinniest person in the world looks like a pig at a buffet so I try to stay away.  But this one is great.  Food is always hot and tasty.  hand dipped ice cream waiting for your arrival.  And a good sushi selection also.  It is wonderful.  Very cheap too.  Definitely worth trying out.Ok well this isn't gonna be the greatest. Where do I start ? Sooooooo I was in the area and wanted Chinese and a buffet, so I try this place I also saw that it had a 10% off coupon on Groupon.  We walk in.... I show the guy.... he tells me oh no we don't do this.  I said ummmmm yea you do cause look..... it says so right here!   So he keeps telling me oh I told them this deal is done I said oh well it is still showing that YOU DO....right here. Finally he says ok I'll give you the 10%.  Like it was gonna kill him or something. We sit. They ask us our drinks.  The servers are very nice I'll say that.  Anyway, off to the food to see what they got!   
What can I say about the food?  Ummmm not much of a selection.  I've been to buffets that had way more than this and get this one... the food was all either luke~warm or cold!!!!!! Are you freakin kidding me?   I wasn't happy at all with the food.  The only thing I can say was I liked the jello, yea  I know but I love jello and there isn't much wrong you can do to jello so I was trying to stay positive and give a compliment where I could. And the banana pudding was delish as well. But that's it. Sorry and oh wait the man who works the sushi counter was very nice and happy go lucky and gave me a compliment on my nails lol. But this is the LAST time I'm gonna go to this place. The two stars are for the banana pudding/jello and the nice happy guy at the sushi counter !There are not too many Chinese buffet's around us anymore. We finally decided to try this Night. It was busy, which is a good sign. I initially enjoyed the buffet, they had a wide selection of sushi and other dishes. I was deeply disappointed in the snow crabs. We waited awhile for them to come out, only to have a half of tray brought out at a time! Two diners cleaned it out in less than 5 seconds! Then you had to wait another 15-20 minutes for another 1/2 tray. The servers were rude and you literally had to chase them down for refills on drinks.I could have ordered regular Chinese for less than that.