My boyfriend took me here for dinner one night because he swears by this place. The queso was really good and you get a giant bowl of it for 3 bucks or something like that. Order that and nothing else....I got some kind of dinner combo and it was so greasy I couldn't eat it. They give you A LOT of food but I don't know that you'd actually want to eat it once, let alone have it again for leftovers. You can bring your own tequila and they make margaritas for you, so I guess if you are a margarita person you could go here for that.
One and a half stars for the queso and the friendly servers.  Blah for everything else.
You should know I puked later that night. And I only had one margarita.Pretty disappointed by the food and service here. The dishes aren't anything special, not to say they were bad but nothing memorable. They do give you good portion sizes and great chips and salsa but everything else is fairly mediocre. 
It's ok for a quick lunch if you're craving Mexican but honestly I'd feel more satisfied with a chipotle a few
blocks away.I work at the court house and have heard many of my co workers rave about this place so I ordered takeout for lunch one day. I got the chicken fajitas they were really good. My order was ready when I walked in.Queso dip, margaritas, and guacamole were five stars.  Enchiladas, rice, and quesadillas were about three stars.  Weird ladies room (thank goodness it locks!) earned one star.  This place was looking alright and I would go back for the guac, ritas, and queso alone until...the manager refused to let us combine the buy one get one margarita special!  Apparently this special applies per person - the person who orders the full priced rita has to end up drinking both, can't order two then give the second to your date.  Ummm, what?!  Bummer.The best fried Chicken Chimichanga around.  Chips with Salsa is pretty good too.  I go there for lunch quite often and its usually fast service and good food.  Decor is typical cheesy Mexican with fast food style booths.  Not a romatic setting to take a date for a quite dinner.  Ohh the BYO Tequlla was awesome for drinks with co workers after a hard days work.  I recommend!El Azteca was one of very few restaurants I went to more than twice while I was at college in Philly. It's an amazing place to bring a big group and get sloppy. The food is decent - nothing to write home about. But very meaty and cheesy. My favorite dish was always El Jefe special - chicken quesedillas and a beef chimichanga. Always served in a small lake of cheese. Which could be either fantastic or stomach-turning depending on one's level of drunkeness. I usually found it fantastic.Question: What happens when your consistently drunk friend is left up to making her own birthday dinner reservations, gets together 15 of her nearest and dearest, then shows up at one of the better Mexican restaurants in town where the group is told that the reservation was made for Sunday and NOT the Thursday that you find yourselves at their threshold?
Answer: You shake your head, laugh at the birthday girl, then take your bottles on the road for an unknown Plan B.
Without much thought and after a quick call down Chestnut we started our trek to El Azteca where just a few blocks later found ourselves chowing down on chips and salsa, passing around rinky dink little shot glasses, and pouring super sour margs into plastic cups that very closely resembled those we had back in the college cafeteria.
Now, this was no Lolita, but it was definitely an experience of it's own kind.  The place was empty with the exception of another table of two that luckily were just finishing up as we arrived allowing us to avoid the stink eye. Portions were huge, dinner around the table ran a full mexi-mishmash of carne asada, tacos, enchiladas, quesadillas, etc. By the time we got our meals we were almost an hour behind our original dinner plans, everyone was well on their way to blissfully intoxicated from drinking on empty stomachs, the food was on the table and downed in minutes flat. If there were any complaints they would only be in reference to how it took us so long to come up with this backup plan in the first place.
Will I jump at the chance to come back here again soon? Not so much, but they were a great alternate in a pinch situation, wonderfully accommodating, and doled out some simple fast and fresh fare.I have been going to this place since it was in the Northeast on Grant Ave. where there is an entire neighborhood completely void of anywhere good to eat. When they closed I was bummed, since they reopened in Center City I was thrilled, they have the best chips and salsa by far and they're free with your meal!!!! Hubby & I always order 2 chicken burritos-the best!!! They are prepared with tender chicken, peppers and onion in a flour tortilla and smothered in tomato based enchilada sauce and oaxaca cheese. Delicious oh so tasty comfort food.A dump....don't waste your time, plus they don't keep their hours, they close early
Go to los margarita . Or Taco Bell. This place is scaryThis place isn't very inviting from the street.  We have seen it many times walking along Chestnut, but with the closed blinds, it seemed more likely that it was closed.
We checked out the hours the other day and know that we could stop by tonight, as they were open until 9 pm.  We walked in and there were maybe two other tables occupied, with many, many tables empty.  I am guessing they most get a pretty large lunch crowd to have that much real estate tied up.  
We ordered a pitcher of original margaritas on the rocks, from which we got about 6 glasses total from it.  The booths that we sat in seemed a bit worn, not much bounce, but comfortable just the same.  
The Enchilada de Mole was excellent, wonderful sauce and tons of rice.  I was a little turned off by the rice, as it didn't have a much to it...it looked like pink rice.  But I think that must be a trademark for this place.  Very understated but quite good.  Pretty plain Latin music playing, Univision playing and the drunken parrot drinking Corona near the kitchen.  The portions were huge and the prices were quite affordable.  Overall a good choice, it is just too bad that it took us so long to find El Azteca, for if we had more time here, it would have been nice to check it out again.This joint is a great place to go if you just want some simple, fast, old school Mexican grub
Not a romantic date spot, no ambiance what so ever and no contemporary fusion cuisine here.  tacos, enchiladas, burritos, chips n salsa...and gigantic portions of it
Came here w/ a large crowd for a birthday party. We had our own semi-private back room. That was good, cuz we drink a lot and get a bit rowdy.  Our waiter was spectacular and totally took care of our parties needs.  
We also rolled in a few cases of beer and about 10 bottles of tequila, they provide the mixers and they were dead on point
Awesome place to bring a casual party and very, very easy on the wallet.  Check this place outIt was OK for happy hour, the margarita was too  "soury" too much sour mixSooo... Hubby and I are always craving GOOD authentic Mexican food. After numerous HORRIFIC experiences in the Philadelphia area we swore that we would only make the trek down to Delaware to what we have found to be the best Mexican restaurant on this side of the border. 
If you ever find yourself down by Christiana Mall or on your way to the beach be sure to check out El Tapatio---http://www.eltapatiodelaware.com/.
Trust me you will not be disappointed. 
Anyway, back to El Azteca. I was able to purchase a GrouponNow for free with a promo code so I figured why not give this place a shot. We were pleasantly surprised. Everything was good and tasted authentic and not as if it had been boiled or microwaved. The rice was flavorful, the salsa and chips had just the right amount of kick. 
I ordered Chicken Enchiladas in Mole Sauce. It sauce was rich, and kind of on the sweet side but I did not mind. My husband was happy with his meal as well. I think he got the burrito. 
We both agreed that we would come back again. Parking wasn't much of an issue since it was after hours on a weekday.El Azteca is a very good choice for a Mexican lunch, that uses very fresh ingredients, is NOT overly salty and greasy...and to boot, offers free chips and fresh salsa and reasonable prices.  Oh yeah, and the service is fantastic on every visit.I haven't tried anything besides the burro de casa. the steak burrito is delicious!  The rice is good and pico de gallo always fresh.  The nachos they bring to the table a long with the salsa is always very fresh tasting also.  Service is quick and the staff is friendly.Such a fun place for a bigger group. Really good food - try the chorizo! They are accommodating with the BOYT aspect, happily providing pitchers and anything you may need. Our particular waiter was extremely nice and friendly.Food was absolutely delicious. Service was excellent. Love the mom and pop feel. Kid friendly. I would definitely come back again:)Good, solid Mexican food. Great salsa and chips to start, and big platters of food. It's not fancy but its yummy, quick and cheap. If you are looking for fancy, look elsewhere.I work around the corner and it's the best Mexican food in walking distance. I have tried them all and This spot is the best. The servers are friendly and always attentive. It can get a little busy at lunch but they always accommodate to wag table. The crab tacos are okay, not the best I've had but I would order them again. The drinks are strong as well,An nice Mexican restaurant. Quality and price are in a good relation. As a small snack, you get a Quesadilla for around $6.
As appetizer tacos are served for free. Mexican beer was also good. A good average Mexican restaurant for a good price close to Independence Hall.Best Tex Mex fare anywhere. Inexpensive. Tasty. Fast. One of my guilty pleasures. I love this place. Their fajitas are fantastic.Delicious! Very authentic Mexican food. One of the best spots for a quick delicious meal. I am a vegetarian and there are plenty of veggie friendly options! Highly recommended!I go hear for Lunch once in a while, and I think the food hits the spot. Although its not the highest quality, the dishes are yummy enough were I crave the fajitas. Their lunch special is pretty reasonable. I would go back for the cheap eats, but would be hesitant to return for dates or any special occasions.This is a great place for great food. The price isn't bad, and the waiters are super friendly. The margaritas are always really good.Very authentic and the food was O.K.  But for something as simple as a taco, they could not deliver. It was far from authentic and I couldn't even find it on that book of a menu they have. A taco should be carne asada with onions and cilantro. The taco they served was dripping with juice and tons of lettuce and cheese on it. They need to take some pointers from the guys across the street and cut down their menu to, 1 page, 2 pages max... How many combinations of the same food can you possibly put on the same menu! Cut the menu down and focus on what you do best!Loved it! Loved it! Loved it!  I miss this restaurant so much.  Their beans were to die for and the vegetarian lunches were awesome! I used to clear my plate and feel so full afterwards.  The staff was always friendly and the food so unlike anything you get in the Mexican chain restaurants.  Well worth a visit - and the prices ain't too shabby either!I was here with a large group and everyone was really pleased with their meal. The staff was super helpful and the salsa was great with the chips (honestly, my favorite part).Went here on a weeknight with friends for dinner. Service was absolutely terrible, and the food was nothing to tell your friends about. Maybe it was just an off night, but I would not recommend this place.Food was great, service fast, and prices reasonable.
As close to Mexican you will get in Philly area.ill make this simple. WORST garbage ive ever had disgusised as "mexican" food. i now know what dog food tastes like. on top of that, for a while there they were not carding anyone so the place was always packed with underage douchy college kids. no one redeeming quality about this placeI came here for a friend's birthday and was thoroughly disappointed. The margarita mixes were ehhh, alright - nothing to rave about 0 and the food was mediocre. I am definitely a Mexican food snob, having grown up in LA, and this place tasted kind of bland. There are many different combos to choose from though...and they can definitely accommodate more people than Don Memo's. However, I would definitely pick Don Memo's over this place anytime. They have better margaritas and better tasting food. I would only return here in a group setting (when someone else was organizing and not me).Very traditional Mexican menu, decor, etc. wasn't busy and the food was okay. I had a spinach quesadilla which had a lot of frozen spinach instead of fresh. It was okay ... nothing special, but doable for a quick lunch.I came to eat here with my girlfriend on the eve of Cinco de Mayo, to celebrate the holiday gringo style with Tex Mex and margaritas, and it being close by as well as us having a Groupon, we decided to try it out.
The restaurant is quite large for Center City, which in my opinion is a good thing, and decorated in a way that could be considered cheesy or tacky, but for some reason it works for the place; I would not change it. It was also very clean, something that isn't always the case when it comes to inner city Mexican restaurants.
Another neat thing is that this establishment is BYOB and they also have a small menu of beers and wines. Out of my peripheral vision I believe I also saw a party that brought their own tequila, which is pretty baller.
Upon being seated, almost immediately, we were about to order some large margaritas when our server suggested a pitcher, which, while more, was enough for us so that we wouldn't spend more on two each, since we both knew we wanted more than one, but not two. The margaritas were a bit sweet for my taste, and seemed to be made from a pre-made mix - I can handle cheap tequila but pre-made drink mixes? Never.  I will admit I was impressed that the pitcher wasn't topped off with ice and then filled; there was definitely a good amount of 'rita in there! 
Our server brought us out some (store bought) chips and (jarred) salsa, both weren't bad, but I'd much rather see some fresh chips and salsa at a Mexican establishment
The menu was HUGE! Almost intimidating, which is a bit of a turn off because it looks as if they're trying to cater to everyone, and I guarantee that some items were repeats. We ordered guacamole and a steak enchilada to split.
The guacamole was not fresh, as in it came from a container, as it was very salty and too uniform in texture. The enchilada was gigantic, filled with steak, and while filling, did not jump out at me as fantastic; it was a bit bland.
So to wrap it up I am giving this place only 3 stars because the food and drinks were lacking, but am not giving any less because the service, decor, and prices were all great.This place is a Taco Bell on steroids at best! The service is so so.This restaurant is located in Center City and a few blocks from my office.  I think I visited many years ago, but didn't recall anything specifically about food, service, etc.  Well, this visit made up for my absentee mind.  I went for lunch with a friend and the first thing I noticed was the awesome lunch menu and most of them were under $10.   We decided to to get (2) dishes and share them, the portions were large and the food was ok.  
The staff were attentive, service was prompt and I think I will be back for many more lunches.I can bust my diet here any day. It might not be honest to goodness Mexican food, and it might be on lowly Chestnut Street, but the food taste damn fine. In particular, the queso dip is out of this world. The chips are warm (and the make me fuzzy) and their entrees are exactly what they say they are. 
The decor is not far off from a Chili's, charm-wise, though. It's pretty bland. But still man, food, right on.I've eaten here several times -- once maybe 10 years ago, and once recently. The real mystery to me is how they stay in business, other than being a complete tourist trap near IHall
I was served tacos that were basically cold and lifeless. Same for the chicken soup -- it's like somebody dumped a jar of Ortega salsa in a pan and added some shredded chicken from a can.  Not good.Strong ass margaritas, a sassy joke-cracking server and a sombrero for our birthday boy vindicated the otherwise not-so-impressive areas of the meal.
For starters, we made reservations for 9 people the night before and when we arrived, they were utterly confused and basically had no record of the reservation.  Good thing it wasn't packed and they were able to throw together some tables by the booth to accommodate us.
The drink situation is confusing.  There's no menu listing the margarita flavors.  And I had no clue they actually have a bar where you could just order a margarita.  Even though it's cost-effective to BYO-Tequila, it still would've been nice to have the other option, especially considering our margarita "glasses" were plastic diner cups with salt on the rim, as opposed to the actual big glasses I saw other tables had.  We came equipped with one full, unopened bottle and another half-full bottle of tequila.  For the full bottle, we asked for a pitcher of the classic margarita (the server actually told us it's better than the flavors).  He asked if we wanted it strong.  We said sure, but not overly strong where it's gross, just enough so we could taste the tequila.  
I shit you not, he comes back with the pitcher of margarita (on the rocks, no frozen options unfortunately) and THREE QUARTERS of my bottle is gone.  That was for 4 people before the whole party even showed up.  So not only did a bottle I thought would last at least past one night is near gone, but it was waayyy too strong and the margarita "mix" was watered down sour mix with ice that tasted like freezer burn.  The other half of the party learned from our mistake and ordered it less strong and opted for the strawberry/mango margarita.  That was much better.  I should've just went with my gut and got a flavor instead of listening to the server.  But hey, I guess it's worth the money since we all walked outta there pretty buzzed.
The food menu is pages and pages like you'd get in a diner, but that became overwhelming to choose one thing.  The meal was decent, but nothing I couldn't get for way cheaper at a taqueria.  The chips were fresh and homemade and delicious and the salsa was also good, but the guacamole was bland.  My shrimp/chicken/beef fajitas were okay, but not worth $20.  The chicken was cut unevenly and dry, as was the steak.  The sides to make the fajitas were tasty (flour tortillas, rice, refried beans, sour cream, pico de gallo) but without them, the whole dish would've been too bland and dry.  
My friends enjoyed their entrees (enchiladas mole, chimichangas, etc.) but no one seemed blown out of the water.  $210 for the total bill with tip isn't bad for 9 people, but I would've spent a few extra bucks to get higher quality margaritas and better food at El Vez or the like.
It was nice the server brought out a tortilla bowl with fried ice cream in it for our friend's b-day, but I'm not sure I'll be back here anytime soon.OMG THE FOOD WAS NASTY!!!!  I went there for a birthday party, and people were saying how gross and how stupid this place was, and to some extent I agree.  The decor was ugly, but the service was not bad, the food was absolutely gross!!!!!Great value for money in terms of decent Mexican food, but I thought their $15 pitcher of margarita mix (they allow you to byot) was a bit too much to charge. Have always found quick  seating, which is am awesome thing on weekend nights.The closest thing to good Mexican food that I've found so far in Philly.  The people there are nice.  The food is good, but not very spicy.  They have horchata, but you can only order it by the pitcher.  Since I was dining alone, I was pretty bummed.  I was also disappointed that they only had flour tortillas, not corn.I had read some good reviews and was looking forward to trying out El Azteca... I left less than pleased. I had the jumbo quesadilla... it wasn't bad, however, the cheese resembled something more like the cheese whiz you find on a Pat's Cheesesteak. For dessert, my wife and I shared the Banana Changa. Although it tasted very good, when we got to the center of it, we found it still partially frozen. When we notified the server, he seemed far from surprised. He indicated that it happens frequently, since the outside cooks extremely fast in the deep fryer and doesn't allow enough time for the inside to thaw. We were given a second one to take home on the house as compensation. Overall, the food was average Mexican and the service was marginal at best.I'm from the San Francisco Bay area, and I've eaten a lot (A LOT) of Mexican food all over the country and in every state west of Kansas.  This place is as good as any I have ever sampled.  Chips perfect thickness, salsa very flavorful, although I prefer much hotter spice, so I loaded up on the bottled habenero.  Ordered the vegetarian combo, since I stopped eating meat about 20 years ago.  Sauces were tasty, and perfectly seasoned, burrito and enchilada and tostada were spot on.  The magarita was one of the best I have ever had.  Prices were right in  line with a moderate budget.  Highly recommend this restaurant for good food, excellent service.  Clean too.This is the best Mexican restaurant in the area. The menu is extensive so it is easy to find something you love. I never trust any Mexican restaurant that makes you pay for chips and they don't. The chips are a great start as you are figuring out what you want. Add the delicious guacamole to add to the chips you won't be disappointed. 
I go here 5-10 times a year and that is not enough. I try to get something different here each time I go and everything is always great. I went yesterday and had the Steak Fajitas for the first time, they were good then and good today for lunch. On another recent trip I had the Burrito Grande De Carne Asada. It tasted great. The rice is always moist and the refried beans are the best. 
This place is the real deal and beats all the taco joints and California burrito places.Very nice decor. Very good food. Wait staff very friendly. Polite and professional.  Close to the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall.BYOT? Bring your own...trumpet? tulips? tasty treat? Ohh no. TEQUILA! Yes- I said it...Bring your own Tequila. El azteca will provide you with the margarita mix and you make it as strong ( or weak) as you wish. 
The decor doesn't do much for me and the kitchen is only open until 10, but the staff will let you hang out until about 11/11:30 to party with Mr. Cuervo. Good for big parties, but make sure you make a reservation first. 
I actually didn't eat, but my friends looked pleasantly stuffed (and drunk) when I arrived to meet them.Some of the best Mexican food I've had in a long time. Way better than a lot of chain restaurants. I went to try the food for the first time today with the idea that I would bring friends back for the BYOT(equila) if the food was good. I guarantee we will be there for Margaritas in the near future.I was worried by the polarized reviews of this place. I've never had really bad Mexican food though, but that was in California...
I can see why people flock to El Azteca for birthdays and bachelorettes. It's a fun atmosphere that's BYOT. Unfortunately, the pitchers of margaritas were the best part of the meal (and I'd probably only recommend the lime flavor.)
The chips and salsa were okay. We stuck with the basics when ordering - enchiladas and tacos. The filling was fine, but the enchiladas were covered in what tasted like bland tomato sauce. Honestly, I buy canned enchilada sauce at the grocery store and it tastes much better than that! The rice served on the side was so salty, it was pretty much inedible. (Try the "Spanish" style Rice a Roni from your local store instead).
This cannot be the best Mexican in the city, otherwise I'm depressed. If you plan to dine at El Azteca, drink heavily first then eat your meal. I've heard the food tastes much better that way.Great food, and it's BYOB! The staff accommodated our large party and mixed great margaritas for usGot the burro la something or other. Decent food wasn't a fan of the processed cheese but the flavorful pico made up for it.i have nothing amazing to report but nothing too bad either. i have been here at least 10 times and i have always been satisfied. my friends all like the "5 for 9" where you 5 different things for 9 bucks. it is good mexican food. the service is a little slow. the atmosphere just had a makeover! there is now air conditioning and newly painted walls that make the place feel a lot more airy.The best kept secret for Mexican food in this city.i highly recommend the guacamole and the beef tacos If your looking for Mexican in center city at a reasonable price with cold coronadthis is your placeHmmm.  Service was okay given that this place was packed... incredibly packed.  Why a two star rating?  I swear that the salsa was from a can... and even worse, I swear the guacamole was made from a powder.  Not cool.One of my go-to lunch spots in the city. I usually get there lunch chicken fajita. It is the bomb and reasonably priced. Quesadilla is good but I still prefer the chicken fajita over everything else. Also this place gives free chips and salsa. I would definitely recommend this place for lunch. Just make sure to go slightly before lunch hour starts so you can be seated quickly.Just came here for the first time. It's a pretty nice place, typical Mexican restaurant. I went during lunch so service was no issue and food came out with 5-10 minutes. Establishment was clean, good was pretty good, definitely recommend and will go back next time I'm in the mood for some Mexican.After a few birthday trips here in college, I decided to give it a try for my sister's bachelorette party dinner.  We were a group of 12, and I figured the BYOT would go over really well.  We ordered 4 pitchers of margaritas, and a bunch of different food items.  It was a Friday during Lent, and there were a lot of Catholics in the group, so we mostly avoided the meat options, but the seafood and veggie options went over well.  I had the cheese enchiladas with mole sauce.  The mole was pretty spicy, not the best I've had, but decent.  The guacamole seemed fake, but it still tasted good.  The queso was a huge hit.  Total ended up being about $20 a person.  
Bonus: some women were leaving and they gave us the rest of their Patron.  The restaurant gave us little mini shot glasses, and limes, so we were able to do some shots.  The food is only ok, but the margaritas were good, not too sweet, and it's a great place for a large group.Forget the cheesesteak this is the place to go. If I was Tom Hanks and was dying of AIDS I would, no doubt, eat here every moment I had left. Absolutely beautiful.Great food at a reasonable price. Chips and salsa are included. I tried the #3 lunch special with hard shell taco and enchilada. Will come back if I'm ever in the area again!Many many many years ago, my family and I used to go to the location in the northeast before they moved here. 
I don't really eat traditional Mexican food, but I think of all the restaurants in a ~10 block radius I've tried are pretty bland (dry meat, hardly any seasoning). El Azteca Uno has some of the most flavorful traditional Mexican dishes I've had. Now I don't think this is one of the best meals I've ever had in my entire life, but the food is always good, the portions are huge, and the service is great (as long as you don't come on a weekend night). I remember we were here on a Saturday night once, and the waiters were too busy trying to keep a table of eight drunken college students in check. I didn't blame the staff for that, though.
I've only had a few different dishes, but they were both very good. The portions are huge for the price and I never leave hungry. 
The "Platillo Jalisco" I had with thinly sliced ribeye was delicious! It comes with shrimp that aren't overcooked! They're soft and juicy! Too many times I've been to restaurants that overcook shrimp.
They also have $5 margaritas (always)! You can't beat that!!!
Give them a chance over the restaurants that always make news sites lists for tourists.Only been a couple time and both times for a birthday.  First time was for a friend, and it impressed me well enough, to throw a birthday party for my girlfriend here.  This was my first encounter with the whole "BYOT" concept, and for a large group this was so economical and enjoyable to all.  Everyone had tasty Mexican fare, all enjoyed.  The fun is with the party you get fried ice cream with sparklers in it and a big sombrero.  A silly inexpensive place for a big group of people to go!The burro de casa is rocking.  Hot chips and salsa...yes please.  Could eat at this place everyday out of the week. Great lunchtime spot. If you are looking for amazing service and a pricey bill, go to El Vez.I don't understand all the low-star reviews of El Azteca. I guess some people love being so negative and picky, or they're just the typical complainy Republican party of No. Anyway, I have been coming to this place for about 10-12 years and it has never been anything but really good. My favorite is lunch special #6 which (if it's still the same now) is the beef burrito with melted white cheese, refried beans and side salad with guacamole. Everything else is awesome too. The San Jose Special enchiladas are exceptional, and so are the yummy fajitas with extra tortillas. The spices are just right and the flavor of the food pleasurably explodes in your mouth. Yes I agree with one reviewer that the Mexican decor is chintzy and paperific. That's why dishes are not $20 each. You go here to eat because you love Mexican food and this joint really keeps me anticipating my next visit and craving for more.My boyfriend suggested this place when I mentioned I was craving some yummy but inexpensive Mexican food.  I was pleasantly surprised when we walked in.  It was a casual but fun vibe, the service was friendly, knowledgeable and speedy.  Lots of large groups and birthdays celebrated.  I had a chicken burrito and an order of guacamole.  The portions are generous and the food was pretty authentic.  I was too full to have dessert but next time I am definitely trying the fried icecream!   Overall i had a positive experience here and I will definitely be back!This was my first time in Philadelphia and I couldn't decide where to eat at for lunch. So I just went to the first restaurant I saw. That was a smart move because this restaurant's food was delicious. Their service was great and their prices were good too.This is my favorite mexican place in the city!
The food is always good, the portions are big, prices reasonable, and great service. The decor is fun to look at and the restaurant is always well attended but never packed.This isn't even mediocre Mexican food. I'm not saying that I *KNOW* Mexican food, but coming from Oregon with our large South of the Border population who've opened a restaurant on practically every corner, I'd like to think I know what a decent Mexican meal should be.
El Azteca was not even close. Every piece of the meal tasted like it was mass produced from cans. I chose the carne asade as my standard go to fare when dining at new Mexican places.
El Azteca's version was a piece of cheap steak cut in half and fried in oil, salt and pepper. No tequila was used in it's preparation and not even close to the right cut of meat in the first place. The beans were passable, but nothing interesting, they tasted pretty much fresh out of the can. The flour tortillas were cold, gummy and obviously bought from a grocery store. The chips were also cold, and just.... blah. Even the salsa was uninspiring and boring.
All in all El Azteca was boring and about as close to real Mexican as Taco Bell is.Hands down best Mexican place!! The prices are great and the food was absolutely amazing! I've had a lot of their different items like the burritos, enchiladas, chile relleno and I have not been disappointed. Everything is good here and I love their combo options! They also have a great vegetarian menu for all of us out there and their fried ice cream is amazing! 
The service is why I'm only giving them four stars. It could absolutely be better. The staff is not as attentive as I'd like them to be. Sometimes you do have to flag down your waiter. Other than that it's a great place! 
The portions are huge so come with a big appetite! It's such a cute hole in the wall restaurant and that's whats best about it!!El Azteca has really good quesadillas--which is all I ever get when I'm there.  I also like their re-fried beans and they make good Guacamole.    Their margarita mix is also pretty good--but nothing special , 
The layout of the restaurant is really cool, especially back by where the washrooms are.  
I am not a Mexican Food Connoisseur.   I do not like Mexican Post. I did like Taco House (RIP) in the gayborhood when I was in high school.  So take that all into consideration.  Especially since I was the only sober person to ever eat in Taco House EVAR.Now that this place has a liquor license I have no interest in being there. This used to be a default party place for me and a small group of friends to go and celebrate birthdays and the like. NOT ANYMORE.I was next door getting my nails done and stumbled upon this place. Happy hour drinks were great. My daughter ordered the chicken quesadilla and myself nachos since I really wasn't that hungry and could eat them later when I got home watching horror movies.Vegetarian review:
Great prices with large portion of foods! My table ordered different plates with some combination of bean burrito, enchiladas, quesadilla or tostada. All was really tasty and authentic tasting! Gooey cheese, great red sauce on the burritos, I would highly recommend this place! It's worth checking out.
I do wish they had a little more vegetarian options besides the combo of beans, cheese and rice, but I mean it's Mexican food so what more can they add?
Their guacomole was also really tasty!!on the plus side el azteca gives you free chips and salsa.  that's about the only good thing about this place.
they offer a huge menu, but the problem is that the menu items are #1 over priced and #2 so bland.
i've eaten there three times.  each time is always the same. i think that a frozen lean cuisine enchilada would taste better and more authentic than the ones prepared at el azteca.I really wanted this place to be good, but it was just a disappointment.  On a recent Saturday afternoon this restaurant was packed. I don't know why, because it couldn't really have been for the food. It simply lacks any authenticity, and any flavor. 
As is customary in Mexico chips appear on the table when you are seated.  If you're lucky these chips may even be salted. The two thin, watery sauces that accompany them will not taste of anything in particular. 
My group of seven people ordered a diverse selection from the menu, with no one being particularly impressed by the food. 
I ordered the carnitas, an item that any decent Mexican restaurant should be able to execute. This is a baseline menu item.  
The pork was tender as it should have been, but lacked seasoning, and flavor. There was no evidence that achiote was used in the cooking of the pork, which is one of the things that makes carnitas carnitas. This entree included three huge tortillas that no Mexican would recognize, but no lime, no cilantro, no radish, nothing else for flavor. Refried beans were dull and again lacking flavor. 
Any decent Mexican place ought to be able to execute on carnitas. El azteca fails to meet even the low bar standard of decent. 
The front staff appeared to be Mexican, and their Spanish sounded Mexican to me. Unfortunately any Mexican influence stops at the kitchen door. 
It would be great for there to be a competent Mexican restaurant somewhere north of Puebladelphia, but that place isn't El Azteca.I always get a combo with an enchilada, Burrito, and a Tamale.  I love that it is a BYOB but you can buy alchol there as well.  Place is very inexpensive and the staff is very friendly.  Love their chips and salsa.Finally I found REAL Mexican food in the city. Being from California, this place is for real. The service is slow though. Negative one start for that.Don't get me wrong, I like this place a lot and will definitely go back here many more times in the future.  It was loud, colorful, full of people, and of course there is the BYOB special of $6.00 pitchers of Margaritas that are made from your own tequila.  (You flavor choices are Lime, Strawberry, and Peach.  A handle of tequila will make you about four-five pitchers at this place.)  I went with six people and we had a great time.  It was a tight squeeze in a booth table, but a lot of fun.
The reason for the three stars as opposed to four is that the food was really nothing special.  I found the sauce and sour cream that was doused on my food took away from the meal because it was kind of gross.  It lacked spice and was almost like a weak tomato sauce.  When I go back I'm going to try something that doesn't have as much sauce.
But, they do provide you with a continuous basket of hot tortilla chips and salsa to share with you table.  Sodas get two free refills.  It is a great place to be loud and meet-up for birthdays and a good time.
Interesting fact told to me by the women in my group: The ladies' restroom has a set of toilets side by side without a partition.  So, I guess if you are so inclined, you and a friend (or more than a friend) could share a special moment in the back of El Azteca.My go to Mexican place. Food is delish, I suggest the enchiladas or fajitas with a queso to start. My only downer is this used to be BYOB but now they sell alcohol, although they are friendly enough and most times still let you bring in your own.Love this place! The food is amazing, the staff is amazing and very helpful and friendly. Our waiter was very interactive and kept us laughing the entire time. Our table gave him a large tip-he deserved it! 
You can really tell when workers love their job. The atmosphere is great and it looks wonderful in the restaurant filled with art. 
Churros and quesadillas were my meal and I would literally go back just to get some more.. I definitely wouldn't mind spending another lunch here, and think I'll be back here pretty soon. Happy customer :)Got take out here using a grub hub 10% off promo - this restaurant is pickup only! 
Service is good - I ordered the chimichangas and I asked for everything separately, and they accommodated accordingly. The portion was ginormous- I was ridiculously full after one chimichanga, and I still had a whole other one left along with a full plate of retried beans and chips and salsa.
Price was 14$, but I think I got my money's worth. The food was deliciously messy; the guacamole, melted white cheese, grilled chicken all blended together beautifully. (Looked kinda gross but tasted amazing)For some reason, I keep coming back to this place whenever I'm in Philly.  Nothing is particularly amazing, maybe except for the huge colorful sombreros they give out to birthday folks and the fried ice cream which I tried once.  The burritos are pretty okay, but the enchiladas are kind of chewy and strange.  The last time I was here, we were dehydrated from the saltiness of the rice and beans. Some accident must have occurred in the kitchen because that stuff was SALTY.  But they do have a wide selection of dishes, and my friend swears by their tamale. I dunno, maybe I'll give them another chance and try something new next time I'm here.