If you eat here, be prepared for a décor-free, no-frills environment with spotty service, and, possibly the worst part,  a jukebox with music like Chris Brown-- or some kind of autotuned nightmare crap-- that is turned up REALLY LOUD while you're eating. 
Beyond that, we arrived for lunch after driving from South Philly to be told that they were out of  Peruvian chicken. (And this was 1:30 p.m. on a Sunday and they were serving dinner until 10.)  It turned out they had 3 - 1/4 chicken portions left, so we ordered them, along with a mixed ceviche, stuffed plantains and fried yucca.  
Communication with the server was not great, and this at a table where three out of four people spoke Spanish.  The menu has is half Portuguese, and they had pork and clams, and since I love this dish, I asked the server if she had ever tried it. She shook her head and said no,  and sort of acted like I was asking a ridiculous question. I mean, why would a server know what's on their own menu? Amateur hour. 
We decided on a Parihuela (seafood stew) to split and one person at the table ordered a Jalea (mixed fried seafood with fried yucca, and topped with thin red onion and tomato).  
The food: The ceviche was tasty, but nothing to write home about, and I was told the stuffed plantains and yucca were good. The chicken was sort of disappointing, but then again, I have been searching for a great Peruvian chicken in the area for years and just coming up empty handed.  They do get points for making their own aji verde (a spicy green chili sauce). That was awesome and I slathered everything in it! 
The Jalea looked great, though the person who ordered it could not eat it and had to take the whole thing home. But the Parihuela was worth the whole trip. It's $25 and it's served in a pot with a ladle: shrimp, lobster, clams, mussels, white fish, calamari and either cuttle fish or conch in a seafood broth with cilantro. This was excellent!
So, the food was decent and we ate our butts off and had tons of leftovers, all for $100 for four people. If you wanted, though, you could definitely get out of here for around $10 per person.  
Conclusion:  El Balconcito II is an adequate place to eat in the Latin food desert that is Philadelphia, but is not the solution to the Peruvian chicken problem that plagues the area.Love the food here, great service, authentic peruvian dishes.... I would recommend for first timers, try : Lomo Saltado or Cebiche....
Come here often, I do a 45 minute drive just for this place on the weekends!I grew up very familiar with the Ironbound Portuguese section of Newark NJ. For almost 15 years I've looked for the amazing dining experiences I had in the Portuguese and Spanish restaurants in that area. Large menus, impeccable wait staff, hearty portions, fine ingredients. Welp, this was kinda like that. The food was good and we ordered a lot. The plantains maduros and tostones were perfect! The steak Bistec alla Plancha was well done and seasoned excellently. The ceviche mixto was bright, fresh and maybe a little too acidic. The place has a full bar so that was a bonus. The decor is dated. The space is a little dark and drab. The staff is nice. Properly pronounce a Spanish word and they may assume you speak Spanish (that happens all the time in Philadelphia). It's a nice spot in a residential area. The food is good and pretty authentically Peruvian and Portuguese. Can't really ask for much else.One of my top 3 favorite places to eat! The food is always consistent, hot and fresh.
I always order the lomo saltado, the steak is cooked perfect every time and always full of flavor. Their margaritas are very good as well, however at $10 a piece I don't think i will be getting drunk off of them. Don't forget to get the tostones rellenos, soo good! highly recommend this place.Me facinan Los tostones relleno d camarones acompañado d arroz amarillo,, tambien me gusta mucho la paella :)If I could give this place a 4.5 I would. I've gone to a lot of Peruvian places in the past and rarely walk out satisfied. I always go to this place in Elizabeth and always end up comparing every restaurant to that one. Including this restaurant. So the fact that I gave it 4.5 stars says something! It's a great place! The food is great. The staff is friendly. The place is clean including the bathrooms. There's a bar. 
The reason it didn't get a five is because parking is hard to find. I have a baby and had to park various blocks away across the street. Also, the bathroom is not "hidden" if you know what I mean. It's in plain sight in front of the bar and near one particular set of tables. The food takes long but I think that's because it's super fresh. It's worth the wait! Trust me!The food was great, but the waitress was terrible. Unfortunately she forgot our drinks and, while rarely came to the table to see if we were okay or needed anything else. To catch her attention I had to raise my hand like I was back in school in a classroom where you had to raised your hand to participate in class or get your teacher's attention. 
Therefor, finally when she can catch a glimpse of my arm raised as a student of a class, I said "Miss, you forgot our drinks and I look forward to waiting for my cold passion fruit juice, she looked at me like "Oh, I messed up". Basically she forgot our presence completely because neither came back to tell me that there was no more passion fruit juice and at least offer me another drink. Then when she came back I asked her what other drinks they had and she said they had mango juice and when she brought the mango juice, for my luck the mango juice was warm. 
To all this while the waitress is at our table my friend decides to request something from the menu and the waitress says, "Tell me everything you need or want to order now because I have to go to eat," I was like "Really?, WOW . "
Every restaurant should have a first class service and very good preparation does not matter what day of the week either, but I think the owner of El Balconcito II does not take it very seriously. However, the food was very good, but the service needs to improve on a day like Sunday where many people come and want to go to a restaurant to eat a good meal and have a good service.
The place is also wheelchair accessible with nice spacy rest rooms too which it is a BIG plus for people with disabilities. 
Spanish:
La comida estuvo buenísima, pero la mesera estuvo pésima. Lamentablemente se olvido de nuestras bebidas y, muy rara la vez venia a la mesa a ver si estábamos bien o necesitábamos algo más. Para coger su atención tenia que alzar la mano como si estuviera otra vez en la escuela en un salón de clase donde uno alzaba la mano para participar en la clase. 
Cuando logró alcanzar a ver mi brazo alzado como alumno de clase, le dije "Señorita, se olvido de nuestras bebidas y yo que con ansias esperaba mi jugo frio de parcha (maracuyá), ella me miro como "Ay, metí la pata", pero luego me dice; "Oh, fue que cuando fui a buscarlo se había acabado el jugo de parcha", a todo esto digo yo en mi mente "Pero se te olvido de nuestra presencia por completo porque ni regresaste a decirme que no había más jugo de parcha y por lo menos ofrecerme otra bebida", pues me dijo que tenía jugo de mango y cuando me trajo el jugo de mango, yo que ya estaba casi ahogado lo pruebo y para mi suerte el jugo estaba caliente. 
A todo esto mientras ella está en nuestra mesa mi amiga decide pedirle algo del menú y la mesera nos dice; "Dígame todo lo que necesita o que desea pedir ahora porque tengo que irme a comer" , a lo que me quede "¿Enserio?, WOW". Todo restaurante debe tener un servicio de primera y muy buen preparado no importa que día sea de la semana, pero pienso que el dueño no lo toman muy enserio. 
Pero nada, cocinan muy bueno, pero el servicio debe mejorar un día como hoy domingo donde muchas personas salen y desean ir a un restaurante a comerse una buena comida y tener un buen servicio.
El Balconcito II es accesible para personas en silla de ruedas. Los baños también son muy amplios y limpios. Esto es algo muy importante para las personas que están en silla de ruedas.Siempre he ido al El Balconcito que esta ubicado en Godfrey Ave., pero como era domingo en la tarde y ese estaba lleno decidimos ir al El Balconcito II ...
1.Este restaurante es mas grande que el otro pero creo que deben pensar como poner las mesas mejor posicionadas porque aun teniendo mas espacio las sillas chocaban con las otras.
2. La mesera ni se introdujo pero no era grosera. Creo que deben entrenar sus meseras un poco mas. No quiero decir que el servicio fue mala, porque ese no fue el caso pero tampoco excepcional.
3. La comida estaba buena pero nada que me impresionó. Yo pedí camarones al ajillo y estaba sabroso. Mi esposo pidió carne asada, el dijo que no tenia mucho sabor.
Creo que volvería a comer Balconcito II para darle otra oportunidad... La experiencia no fue mal pero tampoco inolvidable por eso les di 3 estrellas.Went on a Monday night-only three tables w customers so mine may not be typical experience. Loved it!  Food was fresh, simple flavors, plentiful. Server was friendly , explained the menu. Jukebox was def loud-we were able to talk but the music infused the meal, for me, in a good way. Not your typical center city fru-fru night. We were dancing a bit as we ate. This place isn't gentrified-thank God!
Fried fish in a type of hush puppy w dipping sauce was my favorite item. I had a type of Peruvian fried rice w chicken for my meal. (Im saying "fried" a lot, but they had non-fried items, too.) A mountain of food-I'm about to fry up two eggs to put on top of the leftovers for breakfast. Maybe I'll dance a bit while I eat. Yum!!The ceviche is basically heaven on earth. Love the passion fruit drink. The fried green plantain with shrimp was dry to me. You can't go wrong with a tender steak topped with an egg. The fries and rice that came with the meat  was carb overload and I ate it all...lol.Let's start with YES there is sometimes a language barrier BUT the menu is in both Spanish and English so if you can point then you should be fine. On the occasions I have been there the girls have spoken English just fine. 
Everything is delicious from drinks to food. The tostones with shrimp are a must. I could drink the garlic sauce. 
I have yet to find something here I felt so-so about. If you in the area is worth a shot.I love their food, but hate the service some of the waitress provide. The last time I was there I got lucky for me I got a Dominican young lady, she was fluent in English and Spanish which was a life saving for my husband who doesn't speak Spanish.  The food was delicious and the drinks were great.Very pricey ...I don't mind paying if I have a good time and the foods very good but rice and beans come on it's nothing special to a Spanish person even drinks are pricey.if it was a rare dish or something of marvelous Ness I can be content but I unfortunately am not spending just freely on watevers I like a good meal and not overcharged for a basic dish I can cook myself and better..I go out because as great a cook and Baker I am sometimes you need to taste another person's cooking and you get tired of your own or need a break something new..The food and drinks are always delicious. Service is prompt and professional. Our waitress was so nice and accommodating. She helped us decide what we wanted and we couldn't be more satisfied. With plenty left to take homeOne of my new favorite spots. Huge portions of absolutely delicious Peruvian and Portuguese food.Such food as this should be available, where I live.  But I'd probably over eat too much.  We first had ceviche mixto Leche de Tigere, which was good and served with potato, casaba, roasted corn.  Next, we shared Parihuela (seafood soup).  The soup was so good I couldn't stop eating it; there was enough for three as a main course.This resturant is adorable. I was a part of a party of two. We were sat immediately. They have many options on seating. Full booths, tables or half booth half chairs. They had 2 waitresses on at the time we were there which was around 6:15 by the time we sat down. They also have a cute little bar in the back near the bathrooms. The menu is in Spanish but explained in english very well. I ordered the fried pork chops. It came with 2 sides and I had many options. I choose the yellow rice and steamed vegetables. My friend got steak, fried with yellow rice and fried plantine. The pork chops were pretty good but I was not a huge fan of the spice on it but it was mild and was in the description on the menu so thats on me. The 2 pork chops it came with were not very big but they were an appropriate size. They did have a ton of fat running threw. I like some fat on my pork chops and I prefer them cooked on the bone for flavor but this was 25% of the one piece. The steamed vegetables were huge pieces of broccoli and 2 pieces of carrot and was luke warm. Cold by the time I was half way done. The rice was as good as rice gets. My friend devoured his meal in minutes so I will go ahead and say he enjoyed the crap out of it. Our waitress was very friendly but not in a fake way. She also did an amazing job handling all of the tables she had.  Every employee in this place was pretty great. The bathroom was also very clean. The Sangria my friend got did not taste like it should. It tasted like red wine, not sweet.Deff as good as it gets. Peruvian  cuisine has to be one of the best around the world and this place deff brings them wonders to Philly. My favorite is definitely tallarines verdes, i believe its a dish that needs love to come out good and this place does a good job at it, reminds me of my grandmas   Deff recommend! 
The bar is just a plusEarlier this year, Al-Bustan reached out the El Balconcito II and asked if they would be willing to sponsor a school workshop at Northeast High School. Their willingness to help and donate food was outstanding, so we reached out to them for our End of the Year event and once again, they stepped in to help out.  Not only is this a great restaurant, but a wonderful marker in the Northeast. El Balconcito II really cares about their community!!Not as good as the original, 3 stars only for the food, service is unaware of the customers, seating a wait although tables are ready, refills nearly impossibleAfter a couple of visits, I am definitely hooked on this place and the food. My wife and two children are hooked also. 
Excellent food and great,  courteous service.  There is only one problem, the place is to small. I guess we are not the only fans.
I went here on 3/19/16, and people were waiting outside and the place was full, so we went to Godfrey Ave.A place not good for the family, food has a tasteful but extremely expensive, Dad service. 
Tío Pepe es Mejor!!Very nice place. My first time there. I order a sangria, is a must to try. Delicious. Also the churrasco platter is very good. For kids the salchipapa is awesome. Will be going there again.Al-Bustan Seeds of Culture is a non-profit organization that allows the expression of different cultures to be voiced.  We reached out to El Blaconcito II and asked if they could supply food for our Community Workshop at Northeast High School. Not only were they excited to help, they were incredibly generous to DONATE $125 worth of Arroz Chaufa de Pollo!!!!!! We know that is a huge task for a neighborhood restaurant, but El Balconcito II took on the challenge and we couldn't be happier with the results.
Our students, faculty and community members were BLOWN AWAY by their amazing food! Our kids can't stop talking about it. We had over 60 participants and they all loved the arroz chaufa, and couldn't wait to go to the restaurant. WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND El Balconcito II for their high quality Peruvian food and phenomenal generosity.A friend of mine married a woman from Peru. Every time they come to Philly we run around trying everything that is Peruvian or close to it.
El Balconcito II was a place that my wife and I tried by ourselves on a whim and we were in no way disappointed.
We ordered a grilled sausage appetizer and ceviche. Both were out of this world. We had Paella for our entree and it was fantastic. Everything was perfectly cooked and flavored.
The atmosphere was great, the food was great, we'll definitely be back with our friends.Haven't been in to dine but ordered for take out the tostone cups with shrimp are amazing would definetly recommend but was upset with the chicken noodle soup paid 10$ for it n there was no chicken in it !!! Which is extremely disappointing !Food is great, FOH is clean, but the waitress sat on her thumbs looking at my son waving for his soda for half an hour.  Left her a 19% tip on a $60 tab, which was more than she was worth, AND she had the nerve to come back to my table with a calculator for her pennies that she thought I'd stiffed her.
I've eaten all over the world, and have never had this happen.  I handed her an extra sawbuck out of my pocket, and called INS as soon as I left the joint.  What a way to ruin a good meal!For me this 1st time Peruvian food was a disaster .. Especially being a Veggie [I was already reluctant to go but being forced by  friend to atleast try, went there] ..
I asked for some recommendation from SERVER [and the moment she heard RECO for VEGGIE .. SHE was like "VEGGIEE :XXXXX " ] .. I mean, worst look a have ever got when asked for a veggie food .. 
I someone how managed to get a veggie dish by customizing a entree .. when it came, I was kinda nervous already but didn't have any options to try .. I was really BAD and now I am sure I am not gonna go to this place again but still had that BAD taste and not sure if  I am gonna ever try Peruvian food ..
Service was also very slow and the server's were really Off track .. Delayed food on the table ..5 stars, no doubt about it! The food is authentic, a lot of flavor, and the price is amazing. Definitely my favorite place and people should absolutely hit this place up. The ceviche and pisco sour is highly recommended !!The service is terrible here. Please listen to the other comments that tell you the service is absolutely terrible. Our server got my order wrong even though I only got two things: an appetizer and a main course. I repeated the order back to her since she didn't and she came out with steak sandwich even though I asked for chicken. She didn't understand english really. I repeated everything I said. Honestly waited 50 minutes for the food, then when it was wrong, waited 20 more minutes. When the appetizer came out, me and my boyfriend ate it. It was a typical chicken sandwich, nothing out of the ordinary. Waited 20 more minutes and nothing else was coming out, and someone brought us the check which only had one thing on it. They got the two things I ordered wrong. I just told them to forget it because I'm not waiting another hour and a half for one plate. PLEASE go somewhere else. This place is NOT I REPEA NOT worth it.As I was there eating my experience was probably a high 4. But I got the ceviche mixto and there was too much onion, too much lemon, too much spices and in the end it made me feel sick and currently my appetite/like for seafood is gone. The prices could have been more reasonable. Not to mention my dish was $14 and I asked for a little more shrimp and they charged $7 extra! The dishes did have a generous amount though, so my family just got 2 meals to share. We got a whole chicken with fries and rice and the ceviche mixto. The chicken wasn't bad, but my mom felt sick afterwards too. The best part were the fries... There's lot of other food in Philly, just don't go here.This is a Peruvian restaurant which has been open for years. The food here was surprisingly okay considering the location. Yes, I know, do not judge good food by its location but it was honestly better than I expected. I had the chicken breast in a lemon sauce which came with a side of Rice and salad. 
The downside is that you feel like your in someones basement paying a little too much for such simple things.My cousin took me to this place for my Birthday! It was a nightmare! Well first get arrived and the waitress has this long face and was giving this bad attitude! We wait for about 25 min before the food came out!  They were all over the place, out of a sudden we had a new waitress.  I order some kind of steak with rice and French Fries...they gave me White Rice with no beans...it Latin culture when you serve white rice usually they come with a side of beans! No A1 steak sauce, had to ask in multiple occasions for the ketchup! Steaks had no taste, flavor, no salt (rare for a latin restaurant).Then we waited another 20 min to get the check...people coming in were so tacky and ghetto (I am not a judgmental person) but they were! I can tell you one thing! I will NEVER go to this place again and I will not recommend this place to anyone! Avoid it if you can!Ate here last night the food was AMAZING!!! From the salad down to the plantain very impressed they have a great chefIt was my first visit to the restaurant, and I was looking forward to it. The menu is huge which should've been a warning. When a restaurant tries to do so many things, they probably do little of it well.
I ordered garlic shrimp and was surprised when stuffed shrimp showed up. The runner respectfully took the dish back to the kitchen, but the waitress returned with it and argued with me over what I had ordered. She wouldn't even look at my husband (maybe because he doesn't speak Spanish) even when he said that he clearly heard me order garlic shrimp. So, I was stuck, picking the stuffing out of overcooked shrimp.  Wait time for the check and change was excessive. I won't be returning.I thought this was a great restaurant.  Communication with the wait staff can be a bit difficult if you do not speak spanish but food is a universal language to me.  If you are picky and need to ask a bunch of questions then this is not the place for you.  
I had the shrimp stuffed plantains and the paella valenciano.  It was great.The only good plate was the Jalea mixta, we also ordered the Lomo Saltado, definitely not the Peruvian taste. They put Lea&Perrins sauce which a real Lomo Saltado is not supposed to have. Others ordered Sopa a la minuta, not good at all. Chupe de Camarones, not good either. The seasoning tasted like achiote, which I not an ingredient Peruvians use for that soup. But the worst was Tallarin verde. Chef! You are supposed to use queso fresco and not blue cheese. It tasted and smelled horrible. If you run out of fresh cheese then take the plate off the menu. We also ordered Pisco Sour it was very bitter. Honestly as a born and raised Peruvian they need to change whoever is cooking to someone that has the real Peruvian palate and sazon. Or just change your restaurant to simply Portuguese, don't combine nationalities if the right taste is not there. Also service took forever and BTW please put on some Peruvian music or invest in a CD. As soon as you walking MTV3 with Mexican music is playing loudly. Hellooo!! Is not a Mexican restaurant.Listen.  If you like authentic Peruvian or Portuguese cuisine, come HERE.  Come here and find yourself indulging in flavors that are tested and tried over their entire menu.  I highly encourage you to try the Ceviche Mixto. You will love it...or you're weird.  Just saying.  Enjoy friends.  Oh!  You've got to try the Pisco Sour or Chilcano De Maracuya!  Salud!3rd outing at the restaurant...9/17/2016 @approximately 935 pm.. a waitress greeted my guest and myself and sat us promptly. After that the night went SOUR.
The restaurant WASN'T OVERCROWDED...YET...another couple was seated,  waited on,  served and began eating...25-30 minutes later...a waitress only stopped to take our order after my fiancé who is of Puerto Rican decent some in Spanish to get the waitress attention that we haven't received any SERVICE. 
AFTER ORDERING....THE FOOD WAS POORLY SERVED AND NOT TASTEFUL. 
THE YUCCA FRIES  were thick like uncut whole carrots...very unappetizing. 
The PAELLA for 2 was horrible...SHRIMP..RUBBERY (OVERCOOKED), MUSSELS & CLAMS, OVERCOOKED....THE LOBSTER was slightly better...but the BROTH was sour...
The Assistant Manager/Head Waitress came over 3 times to ask if the food was pleasing...she only spoke ENGLISH in seeing my reaction to the inquiries about the food and service directed to my fiancé.
When the check came,  the Assistant Manager/ HEAD SERVER asked my fiancé SPEAKING IN SPANISH...how everything was..my facial displeasure and fiery response..expanded to my  DISSATISFIED EXPERIENCE...
Other prior experiences were pleasant...perhaps because I was accompanied by a group.  That fact does not EXCUSE THE BLATANT LACK OF
COURTESY 
RESPECT
SERVICE
QUALITY OF FOOD 
AND ATMOSPHERE WHICH ALL AMOUNTED TO A FINAL SCORE 0-100
0=  F
F is for FAILURE....
I'VE POSTED MY REMARKS TO FACEBOOK..& made a brief commentary on Facebook Live..
I've eaten in practically every small & large multicultural cuisine house in the city.  Though this experience has been the most discouraging and offensive dining affair to date.First thing I want to mention is that their hand dryers in the bathrooms scared the crap outta me. I thought it was a paper towel dispenser and it blasted air on my hands so quickly that I yelped because it didn't look like the regular hand dryers you'd see everywhere! Anyways, I came here with my boyfriend because I wanted to see if their food tasted just as delicious as their other restaurant and it's certainly way closer. The servers were so nice and inviting and food came out quick. I got a medium well bistec a la pimienta which is steak with peppercorn sauce. The steak was so soft and tender and it just was seasoned so well covered with the peppercorn gravy on top. I accompanied it with broccoli and some yellow rice so I wouldn't leave any sauce behind since it tasted so great! Certainly would come back for the great food and service!!We fell in love with El Balconcito over lunch today!  We had the most amazing ceviche mixto - the right amount of heat with a wonderful acidity from the limes, it was beautifully presented.  We will be coming back soon - for the seafood paella!  We travel all over the world, and finding little gems that offer authentic, non-Americanized versions of cultural favorites is always something we are seeking in our own neck of the woods.  This place hit it out of the park!I love this place!! Try their shrimp soup! Customer Service is excellent! my family comes hereall the time and every time we love it!!food is great , great costumer service ! never given cold and music is good . it's busy like any other restaurant and they don't take long to give you your mealRico,me gusto mucho el pollo asado si está todo bueno,la atencion buena y todo muy limpio,lo único malo de hay es que cuando abren la puerta de entrada entra mucho frío,deverian poner otra puerta o algo parecido porque toda la gente se queja de eso,por que uno no come a gusto por el frío que hace,pero todo lo demás está bien.
Rico, I really liked the roast chicken if everything is good, the attention good and everything very clean, the only bad thing is that when they open the entrance door it gets very cold, they should put another door or something similar because all the people Complain about that, because you don't eat at ease because of the cold, but everything else is fine.Amazing food.. the flavors are definitely there. Depending on time the place can get supper packed and staff changes as well. Some moore friendly than others. But overal its an amazing place and cofee so delicious.I came here for lunch with a friend today, my first time visiting. Service was quick and friendly and the portions were like if my grandma was Peruvian. I had the chorizo which was on fire. More food needs to be on fire. I gotta figure out how to make my morning oatmeal catch fire. Adding water probably doesn't help. Anyway, then I had the ceviche mixtos extra spicy, yellow rice and beans, and the tostones. I almost went for the whole rotisserie chicken as well but I glad I didn't, because I was pretty full after eating all that and a loaf of bread. Next time.Bad customer services. Came with the family to enjoy a nice dinner. They turn off the light so much like if it was a night club and we weren't able to head well specially because because they sell fish with bone and is hard to it with the amount of light and when ask to please to turn on the light a little bit they said no and that's the guy they do it and it won't change and I wasn't the only one complaining but they didn't care.or wow I loved it all, the exquisite sangria, the very good fish ceviche, the good jumped tenderloin and the tasty huancaina potato, the excellent cleanliness and the good service the waitresses very friendly, if I highly recommend it.I have been here many times, both eat in and take out. 
Fantastic!   Everything has always been great! We especially like their Cerviche - spicy! 
It helps if you speak Spanish, but most of the wait staff speak English.They have the best fried red snapper and Peruvian fried rice In the city!!! Great portions and fairly priced. If you're in in the NE area (they have two locations) and are jonesing for some Spanish food, then this place is it!Went there last saturday. Service slow. I ordered sopa de mariscos. It was very tasty. Huge pot of stewed seafood including a lobster tail. I did not like the fact i have to paid for every side. 
I think the jukebox music was a little bit to loud for a dining night. We cant even hear each other.
It was rather crowded . But it is worth it .
I have had better peruvian in washington restaurants. But here it might be the only choice in NE Philly.I got this restaurant name confused with El Balconcito which I always go to. Truthfully, I was a bit skeptical since I've been so used to going to the other one. We did take out and got ceviche, yuca, lomo saltado and sweet plaintains. At first, I wanted pollo a la brasa but they had ran out on Sunday dinner. When we went to pick up the food, we walked to the bar. The place itself is pretty nice and spacious. The Peruvian dishes run about $12+.
As for the food, we really enjoyed the ceviche as it's one of my favorite Peruvian dishes as pollo a la brasa is second. The portions are pretty good and the food was delicious! The yuca came with some yellow spicy sauce which was very good with a hint of spice. The plantains were also really good! However, the lomo saltado was not that great. They give you a box of fries for you to mix it so it doesn't get soggy. The original lomo saltado has more tomatoes and from my memory, the sauce was a bit red. I didn't like this one at all. Otherwise,  we enjoyed everything else. 
Overall,  I would recommend this place as Peruvian restaurants are very limited.Ok so the 1star has nothing to do with the food , food has always been amazing (well at least at Godfrey , I'm praying the food here is as good) , my issue is with the online ordering and all the online information , I placed a order directly threw them on the website it clearly says El Balconcito... I submitted my order and a error came up saying that it didn't go threw but capital one sent me a notification stating otherwise so I call them to see if indeed it went threw and was told "hopefully we call you back and let you know" I call back 15 min later to find out that it didn't and they try blaming the app I used saying they don't have drivers when my order was for pickup and I never used a app so I just placed the order again over the phone , the funny thing is everything I did was supposed to be for the Godfrey location but come to find out it the one all the way up castor and Cottman , so why is it when I google the one on Godfrey all of castor information comes up, they need to get this fixed if I google El Balconcito click on El Balconcito it shouldn't have El Balconcito 2 number under it with the website to #2.... if you place a order for pickup call and make sure which location you are ordering from DO NOT USE ANYTHING THAT HAS TO DO WITH ONLINE... and make sure it's the correct location which is crazy in itselfHorrible service. They allow people to walk around without mask. There's this little space when you walk in and everyone is just jammed in together. They're unorganized. It's suppose to be first come first serve but the servers can't keep up with the people that come in. Never again.A good friend had recommended a Peruvian place after I shared a story of having some on a recent trip to NYC. She mentioned El Balconcito II, in Northeast Philadelphia. She also said that they have the best Lomo Saltado she's had in Philly. 
We made plans to meet up and have lunch there (Thursday, Jan 16th), and I was happy I waited to go with her. Upon entering the restaurant, you will see a clean, well maintained establishment. The aroma of whatever was cooking in the kitchen when we walked in was heavenly!  It was during lunch time, yet there were plenty of places to sit. We took a booth, and looked at the menu. 
My friend, being fluent in Spanish, took care of ordering. I only know a few things in Spanish, and I used what I knew when it was necessary. The waiter was attentive and friendly, and answered any questions I had. My friend suggested Intry a drink they called "chicha morada", which is a purple corn beverage. I had never heard of it, and was skeptical about what could possibly taste like. But she said that I was going to like it. She was right. I did. The first food to arrive was the Ceviche. I had never had it before, and once my friend explained what it was, I wanted to try it. 
Then the main dishes came out. She had a steak and shrimp entree, and I had the Lomo Saltado. This is the dish I had in a little corner restaurant in NYC. It was really good, but THIS one is way better. 
So, just as a heads-up, your experience may be better if you speak Spanish, or go with someone who does. I'm sure they have waitstaff who speak and understand stand English, I just happen to go with someone who speaks Spanish. I'll have to see how it is when I go with others who don't, or go by myself.
They do take credit/debit cards. I didn't see an ATM, so I don't know if there is one. The portions are very decent, the wait for the food wasn't long, and the waiter kept us abreast of the time until our food would be ready. I am looking forward to the next visit to El Balconcito!!Love this place great food and staff. I recommend tostones rellenos for appetizers yum.The best ceviche you would ever have. This is a hidden gem. The food is absolutely amazing. I will eat that ceviche everyday if i could. Currently i order to go twice a week! LOLOh man, so good!  Tostones Rellenos de Carne o Pollo are my favorite!!!The food is delicious but we stopped going there because the music is so loud, and its really not kids friendly. I would hope they could really change, because the food is really great.Drove out of my way to give this place a try. Over all I was happy with it. Had some different things so it was good.
1) Place was clean and welcoming.
2) I was quickly sat down. Place has a Spanish (Latin) feel. There is always music playing. I personally like it and am used to that but I have found others who get put off by this. 
3) Waitress was friendly and attentive.
4) Ordered the meat-stuffed Tostones. They were good. Meet was not particularly very tasty. 
Ordered the Ceviche. I ordered it spicy but came with limited spiciness.
Tasted good but was missing that Peruvian Leche-De-Tigre taste I like. The 
Overall, it was good and I would order it again.
5) Beers was cold and fresh. Sangria was delicious.
Overall I would return to this place again in the far future when in the area and in the mood for Ceviche with a twist. The sweet potato were Caribbean style. They are a bit sweeter to me. As I mentioned, the Leche De Tigers was missing flavor.Muy rico, me encanta los precios muy accesibles, los camarones empanizados mis favoritosrarely do I really say that an eating experience here is like having a festival of Diverse and amazing flavors dancing around in your mouth.  It is BOTH tantilizing and thrilling..... Almost like a rollercoaster ride..lol....
A girlfriend and myself stopped in the other evening, and as we dined in, the restaurant seemed to have a flow of customers who shared the same expressions of enjoyment and savoring the food adn flavors.. 
We started with the Stuffed Plantains with the shrimp and the garlicy sauce that complimented each little crustacean. It was a good size, and easily shared... The appetizer ran about $12.00   and meals were no more than $20.00   even for Surf and turf. 
  I got the Shrimp and Rice with a side of Rice and beans.it was an evening of  Deliciousness and contentment. 
My friend ordered the Lomos Saltido....  tender steak and veggies and french fries... believe it or not....  the perfect taste... and combo...  came with rice and  was Great. 
I highly recommend this place.... plenty of seating...
We left feeling content and NOT overly stuffed and sick.  A sure sign that the food is both fresh and well-prepared. 
This place is definitely family friendly and the music was very relaxing. 
They DO have a delightful home made Sangria....that I highly recommend.  fruity and light...  A perfect compliment to the meal and good company.
I cannot wait to take my mother... hse will be in love with the homestyle foods and Great flavors. 
See you there..I'm completely shocked with the food i got from here today. Not only did I find plastic wrap in my food, but the plantains were extremely hard, and old. There was no green sauce that came with the food. And there was not even 1 egg used for this rice dish. If I had to guess how much egg was used I would guess 25% of an egg was used to make my dish. Most of it was bland rice. With dry cut up chicken. Please check out my pictures I've included.  This is NOT authentic Peruvian food. Extremely disappointed.This place offers great food and it's a good place to dine in. However, if you're ordering some kind of steak for pick up or takeout, I would not suggest it since it gets dry fast.Service: Waitresses were accommodating and understanding.. Also, we got two different menus. One that had the updated food and prices and one was older with old prices. When the bill came, we got confused that no one told us and we got charged more. So be aware of the prices. 
Kitchen/food: My party and I waited over 1 hour for our food on a Wednesday night. Not sure what was taking so long because there wasn't a lot of customers but us and another table of 2. When the food finally came, we only enjoyed 1 dish out of the 4 dishes that we ordered. Don't remember the name but it was the seafood with rice. That dish was amazing. The others were so-so. Ordered a steak but it was too burnt and dry when we wanted medium rare. The other 2 seafood platters were way too salty and overcooked. 
Not sure if we would come back or this is just a one time experience.