Although a bit late to the game, El Compadre, aka South Philly Barbacoa 2.0, was every bit as delicious as i'd hoped it would be.
Opening to the public at 5am on the weekends, while most people are still snug in their beds, I knew when I had to go.  Breakfast.
Arrived around 7:30am on a meek, drizzly Sunday, the Italian market takes on a ghost of it's normally active self.  Storefronts and food stands boarded up, cars sprinkled the walk way, you arrive greeted not by a person, but by a freshly made juice alongside cups of decadent horchata.
Upon entering, you're welcomed by Christina, chef/owner btw, and a small work table with a cutting board set up alongside.  As first timers, we weren't used to the system, but the chef was very accomodating and explained the process.  There are two meats for tacos, lamb and pork, as well as soup.  You let her know what you want, how many and then wait for deliciousness.
Four tables rest in an already small establishment with the kitchen in the back where a team of cooks are making fresh tortillas.
The soup, referred to as consomme, was fragrant of lamb and loosely decorated with a few spoonfuls of chickpeas, rice and some chili flakes for good measure.  The broth was rich and light at the same time.
Tacos.  The lamb tacos were decadent.  Rich, meaty, lamby (but not gamey) and melted in your mouth.  The pork tacos were equally rich and porky, bright red from their marinade and lightly spiced.  Both meats contained bits of fat chopped up which only added to the luxurious nature of the perfectly cooked animals.  For good measure, there is a condiment table filled with red and green salsa, chopped onions, cilantro, piquant pickled peppers, cactus salad and guacamole.
Our kind and attentive guide offered us more tacos, to which I said of course and the rest is history.
By the time we left, the place was a bit busier at 8:30. This is a cash only establishment so come prepared, but it won't break the bank.  For a horchata, mango juice, soup and seven tacos, our total came just shy of $39.  Obviously, it could be less if you weren't a taco crazy person, but that'd be no fun.
Go here, say hi to the chef, order tacos, leave happy.Very good food and service, very friendly and attentive. Keep in mind they do not take credit cards. Bring cash.We in Philadelphia are blessed to be living in an area with a sizable Mexican population.  Fortunately some of those people earn their livings by serving us some of the best renditions of their country's cuisine North of the border.  El Compadre is one of those places, and the entire staff of this restaurant are some of those people. 
If you've read any other review of this place, you probably know that Sunday is barboca day.  Go then. Even if you have to wait, it will be worth your while. When you order you'll be given a complimentary taco. 
Both the lamb and pork were fall off the bone tender, although both would have benefited from a touch of salt. Tortillas are made fresh and actually taste like corn.  Sides of veggies and cactus are in escabeche, or pickled in vinegar are also made in house. 
Even if you have an offbeat request like vegetarian tacos, you will be served them with a smile. You will then take that smile and apply it to your own face, because those tacos will be that good. 
Drinks like horchata or jaimaica agua fresca are available. Order any of them.  You can't miss.  If you have room for more after attacking un medio kilo de barbacoa, go for a sweet tamale, and some cafe Mexicano. 
None of this is complicated food, but it is all really well prepared. 
The staff is super friendly, and any request is met promptly. 
On a recent Sunday the single unisex bathroom was spotless. 
If you like Mexico, you'll like El Compadre.  It's like being in Mexico for a little while, and worth your visit and money.This place is delicious! My fiance and I had El Compadre cater our engagement party and it was magnificent. We got Chicken Tinga, a Carnitas and of course the Lamb Barbacoa and it was delicious and became the star of the celebration. The food is bomb, and the service is amazing as well. Ben and Christina are the sweetest and easiest to work with. Would recommend 100 times over!Fantastic tacos and friendly customer service! This might be my favorite taco spot in South Philly. Plus they give you free guacamole with chips!Tasty lamb taco, pork taco, and a consume soup w long gran rice & meat drippings. This place looks quiet and boring from the outside, once inside I was peasany surprised by a welcoming staff, Mexican music at a medium volume from the open kitchen. Smiling ladies making fresh tortillas from a large mound of cornmeal paste and cooking them up on the griddle while meat chefs clatter and chatter. English is spoken. Great with kids too. Some tourists, some latinos in the know and some curious munchers like myself. They also serve meat by the kilo family style w tortillas on the side if a small group prefers that. Fixin's bar makes every taco a custom made work of art!  My table was almost in the kitchen!My only complaint was the lack of a menu and confusion over what could be ordered and how to order. Basically we walked in and  the guy told us we could have tacos, soup, or quesadillas and showed us how to get them (meat up front) fixin's bar on the side, then sit where they tell you to, and pay at the end.  We ordered two tacos each, lamb and pork. The pork was more like a sausage mix though, I'm not exactly sure what I was eating, but it was tasty. As we sat and looked around, we realized that others had meat, stacks of tortillas and their own toppings in front of them. I would have preferred to do the build-your-own style, but we were new to this place and it wasn't explained that that was an option. Now that I've been once I would do it right the second time. Also had the atole which was great.I had them cater a baby shower. Reasonable prices and very accommodating even though I called last minute. The barbacoa it way to go!Uh-ma-zing! Went on a Sunday so they were just doing tacos and soup. I had 2 pork and 1 lamb taco. The best tacos I ever ate. Affordable, delicious. Can't wait to go back and try the tortas!A new Mexican restaurant in the Italian Market, featuring Comida Corrida, or quick food. 
The food is super authentic, lots of authentic Mexican dishes that you won't find at the other places in South Philly--like Huitlacoche, Pazole, and squash blossom quesadillas. 
The tortillas are homemade and all of the food is very good. They have a fixed menu with an agua fresca for around 10-12 dollars, and tacos/tortillas etc. Small menu, but the whole group liked it. 
Highly recommend this new little BYOB. The owner is from the same family as the folks who own South Philly Barbacoa, so you know the food is good.Amazing, amazing, amazing! The shrimp tacos are crazy good. The "from-scratch",corn tortillas are incredible. The barbacoa is divine. The horchata is spectacular. The staff and owners are wonderful people. Do yourself a solid and get food from these incredible folks!Woke up at 6 am with a pregnancy craving for tacos that needed to be taken care of immediately. Luckily El Compadre was open for all the early risers and workers to grab breakfast. The owners basically serve you whatever they're making that day. We ended up with lamb tacos, pork tacos and drippings soup. Fresh tortillas and simple ingredients make this spot a must try. 
By 8 am the tiny restaurant was just about full. I've heard they sell out quickly every day so don't wait to go. 
Spent $35 on 5 tacos and 2 bowls of soup which was 100% worth it. 
Will definitely be back soon.I'm from Texas and was hesitant about the food when we entered the establishment. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and directed to the menu. Their selling point is corn tortillas that are milled and created on site. It is a small selection of either tacos, burritos, or nachos with your choice of protein. We each ordered the three taco special and had two each of carnitas, chicken tinga, and a beef/ chorizo blend. 
Or server brought out small plate of chips with two bowls of dips. HOLY MACKEREL! One bowl was filled with delicious tomatillo and avacado dip that I wanted to bathe in! The other was a mild but flavorful cheese dip. You could tell the tortillas were "homemade " because of the chip texture. 
Then our tacos came out... generous portions of meat. The corn tortillas were soft and sturdy. The meats were tender and seasoned to perfection! 
During our meal, we were offered some aguas frescas with melon... so delicious! 
We will definitely be back!I wasn't sure about this place, it at 10 5 star reviews, but we decided to give it a try and I'm so glad we did. This place was wonderful. The staff were very kind. They brought out free guac and chips to start. FREE GUAC??!! I got the chicken tacos and my friend got a burrito. They also bring out some house made sauces to use and they were all really good. My tacos were delish. I can't recommend enough. It is cash only, so make sure you have some on hand.I was excited to try this place since I'd heard so many great things. It seemed like a lovely spot, and the torta I had ($6.50) was *good*... and I'm sure authentic and high quality... it was just so small that I couldn't help but feel disappointed. Every other place I've ever gotten a torta, it's been a good size for lunch with lots of toppings... but this was like, snack size with just a small amount of chicken. I ate it knowing I'd be hungry again in like an hour, and that made it kind of hard to enjoy. I guess I could have ordered another one, but I hadn't planned to spend over $10 on lunch. I guess I've just been spoiled by all the uber cheap spots in the area.
To be fair, the server did suggest I get one of the guisados ($13). I definitely should have listened and ordered the full size chicken in mole poblano, despite it costing twice as much. I saw someone else with it and it was easily 3-4 times as much food and looked delicious. I felt silly ordering something else at that point, so I just paid and left. I was probably in there for 15 minutes total, including waiting and eating.
So if you're actually hungry on a weekday, order a full menu item, or maybe two tortas. I'm hoping to come back and try something else if I can ever get over there when they're open again... hopefully on a weekend when I'm not feeling as much of a budget crunch!Omg... this is the coolest place to get breakfast!  You have to order from Cristina in the front, pack the tacos and grab a soup. Heaven. And at 7am no less! Cant wait to come back.  How is the lamb this tender!?Delicious, authentic and low key Mexican at this new place on 9th Street in the Italian Market area. Amazing homemade soup w meaty broth and chick peas!  Tacos are perfect!  Lovely waitstaff! We will come back. Thanks!All I have to say is WOW!!! amazing tacos, caldo and atole de galleta. Get there early because it's all done by around 3 PM. The owners are amazing and were kind enough to let me take a pic of them even though they were super busy. I saw them on a FB video and had to go try it myself. I was in PA for a day and made sure to stop by before I headed back to VA. Parking is a hassle similar to DC. Almost an hour looking for a parking spot. The corn tortillas were amazing I brought some back home and made quesadillas with them. Loved Loved this place. Very authentic Mexican food.Warm and homely feel, simple cooking at its best.
I highly recommend for anyone that is passionate about authentic Mexican cuisine. What a memorable experience.I was hoping to try tacos too, but apparently that's only at a certain time? I was only given the option of tortas. I got the chicken mole and it was really good. Really rich and flavorful! I can't eat anything to rich for long, my palate changes so I won't knock any points off. Robust spices in the mole and the in house bread did a good job of soaking up the flavors.Best lamb and pork tacos in Philly (and beyond), no contest.  And the soup (rice, drippings broth, chickpeas) is divine. Horchata is terrific too.  But I only go when they are not slammed. Otherwise, the place is packed, and not in a pleasant way, the tables and chairs are too close together, and the smell of table disinfectant is intense.  But when there is time and space to enjoy, it's the best.Another fantastic meal at El Compadre. Traditional, made from scratch Mexican food. I've had a Torta, with the home made bread and beans. Absolutely delicious!!Probably then most authentic Mexican food in this area. Owner is very humble and super nice. I truly support this business. FYI CASH ONLYLooking for a taco on 9th st., I walked in randomly. It was really great and they were super friendly. Fresh made juice, carrot soup, meat, rice, beans, tortillas, vegetables all for $12. actually too much food for lunch. More fresh and generally healthy than any of the other neighborhood taquerias I have been in.I love their food. I love their politics. Delicious tacos, amazing soup. Great great vibes all around. I had the lamb tacos. They were ready almost instantly and there were an assortment of toppings for the tacos as well. Just go.At $4 a taco, pricy but delicious and filling. I only went on the weekends for the lamb and pork tacos but a visit is definitely worth it. Loved the pork more than the lamb (barbacoa).Delicious tortas. The bread was perfect.
Service was great, as the waitress brought us complimentary fruit and dessert.
Would go back.When I first walked in, I did not think much of the place, but I've been to plenty of spots that might not look the part, but come through. Basically what I'm saying is, don't judge a book by its cover. 
My wife & I were greeted just as we walked in by the waitress/hostess. She was a young girl, but for her age, a good server. She started off by giving my wife a compliment and was helpful with explaining their simple menu. They only have a few items to chose from. Simple menu, especially for myself, considering I'm not a red meat eater any longer. My wife & I both order chicken tacos. 
They serve the tacos with an assortment of veggies and spices. You can pretty much add as much as you like. Same goes for sauces. Before your dish comes out, they give you a small fresh fruit platter. 
Food was delicious. So good, we ordered another taco dish to share. Although the food is good, the portions are small, but so is the price. It's an affordable meal for sure. 
Overall it's a good, fairly priced, Mexican spot. They may want to amp up the menu a bit and give the place a little spot shine. Other than that, it's a spot I would return to for sure!Best Mexican food I have ever had. Quality is off the charts. Go on the weekend for the Barbacoa and make sure to get all the fixings. The consume and Mexican coffee are a must as well. Fresh squeezed juices are delicious. One of my favorite spots in Philly and the ultimate hang over cureCristina and her husband Ben recently catered our wedding and it could not have been more perfect.  We got rave reviews from all our guests--it was delicious.  Their food is authentic, delicious, and in addition to the best Mexican food I've ever had, they work to raise awareness and improve working conditions for immigrants in the service industry in Philadelphia.
Do yourself a favor and stop in to El Compadre to feed your taste buds, your stomach, and your heart & soul.Warm, friendly, inviting, and fresh homemade regional Mexican food.  This place is unparalleled.Barbacoa has moved up to the Italian Market, changed its name to El Compadre, and hasn't missed a beat.  It is still one fine authentic Mexican restaurant.  As soon as you walk in the door you are greeted like an old friend (and I am as I loved Barbacoa).  The paintings on the wall and the colorful atmosphere hit you right away.  And then comes the food which is freshly made and superbly balanced with flavor and texture.  This time I opted for the guisado which when I visited was a chicken mole poblano. It came with rice, beans, and tortillas.  I love their 'fixins' bar with additional herbs, beans, and sauces to add to the dishes.  Tacos and tortas are also on the menu but they will have to wait until the next visit.  Hopefully El Compadre will be around for a long time!Love it! Got the pollo con mole torta which was flavorful and a perfect size! Love the bread and the guacamole and beans on the torta. My sister got the chorizo con papas and was very happy.
We will definitely return! I have a feeling this place's egg and chorizo sandwich is awesome...Barbacoa South Philly was sold out but they sent us here - phenomenal, among the best tacos I've had on the east coast easily. Tortas were sold out (must have been a busy day all around) but I think we would have done tacos regardless.  They served us complimentary house guacamole and chips beforehand - not sure if that's standard but it was excellent, and the portion was huge. 
Tortillas themselves were yellow corn and hearty, without being stiff or overly tear prone. They served us two hot sauces at the table, and their was a station with additional condiments set up, much like Barbacoa has. Between the two of us we had the carnitas, al pastor and steak. The carnitas was the winner, but the al pastor was also excellent.
Highly recommend, much better than the tourist traps down the street.I love the food , the menu Is simple and yet the food is so delicious , the last time I was there I tried the tacos , but what I really want to try is the tortas so I'm hopping that soon I'll do that .. oh I can't forgot about the atole it was really good too ..The best Mexican food in Philadelphia, hands down!  The nicest people, the most delicious food, and most quaint atmosphere.  Folks there couldn't be more generous and enthusiastic about their food.  Enjoy!Just like South Philly Barbacoa, everything is made with total care and is absolutely delicious! You can taste the torta bread before you even bite down it is so fragrant and hot and fresh. Very happy for this new addition to the Italian market. Best tortas I've had in Philly (with a close second from neighbor Mole Poblano across the street).Great authentic Mexican food.  The tacos are so good and tortillas are so fresh.  Everything they give you arrives hot.  
If you like authentic Mexican food, this is one of the best places to go.Very delicious chicken mole torta and chorizo potato torta. Usually comes with a serving of tortilla chips with guac or some fruits, which is a very nice of them. This is a small place with a friendly atmosphere, would highly recommend to anyone looking for a quick bite!Went during the week for lunch and I was welcomed by a very friendly and accomodating staff. We were able to quickly figure out which dishes fit my allergies and I had a wonderful meal. Fresh made tortillas were some of the best I've had.  Can't wait to try the weekend menu next time!I've visited this Barbacoa and torta place twice--and each time have been blown away by the amazing food and sense of community at this restaurant. The owners, Ben and Cristina, are very welcoming. Importantly as well is the superb quality of food that they serve. The slow-cooked barbacoa is tender and melts in your mouth and served in a fresh corn tortilla, can't be beat. The horchata was rich, creamy, and fragrant with cinnamon. Definitely give this place a try, but food runs out in the late afternoon, so come earlier than you'd think.Had the Atole to drink and the chorizo and potatoes torta and my friend had a pork torta. We split them in half and shared with each other, both were delicious. I think we both agreed that the Pork torta was our favorite though. Atole was delicious, it was hot and on the thicker side, not overly sweet just right. I will definitely stop in again when I'm in the area!You won't find another taco place in Philly that makes their own masa from their own ground corn anywhere in Philly, well, except their other biz, South Philly Barbacoa . The fillings are fresh and authentic . The torta rolls are made fresh daily! The service is always friendly !Holy mole... This was torta-lly awesome!
It wasn't very busy around 3pm on a Wednesday. One of the owners (Ben) explained how the menu is different during the week than on weekends (they have tortas and what sounded like build-your-own tacos during the week, and the famous barbacoa tacos on the weekend). The other owner (Cristina) greeted me as I've been to both South Philly Barbacoa and El Compadre before. They're so nice! Ben explained the different kinds and even told me they're "kind of small so they have a 2 for 10 deal" (at least for yesterday, I didn't ask if this was a weeklong thing, but you can check!). Never having tortas before, I only ordered one, the chicken in a red mole, and the guava agua fresca.
It's a very simple sandwich, only the bread (is there a special name for it?) the the chicken in a red mole, but it was sooooooo good. It was kind of like the best BBQ (don't crucify me for making that comparison please) pulled chicken sandwich in the universe. The bread was so warm, which I loved. 
I guess he thought I was hesitant to order the agua fresca, so he let me try it. I was immediately sold on this. It was great.
I didn't think the torta was small. It was the perfect size for lunch! I feel if I ordered two, it would've been too much for me personally. The torta and the agua fresca was only $9. I think that's a great price because I was full, and everything was great!
They're so nice and welcoming here, and the food is great!Food was very mediocre. No menu and the waitress only offered a couple specials with incomplete descriptions. Much prefer El Jarocho which is just 2 blocks away.This place has only been open a few months and I've already been three or four times. This is *real* Mexican food-- not greasy, not smothered with cheese, and made from scratch. Twice I've had a fixed meal special- where $12 gives you a soup, a main dish, and agua fresca (horchata, guava, mango, lemonade- all yummy). I've also had their tacos al pastor which are banging. The menu is small- but the food is really excellent. It's already on my (short) list of best Mexican restaurants in South Philly.OMG! A home run on the 1st day! The egg and cheese torta was delightful. Great flavors, a sandwich of sorts and as light as can be. Truly a labor of love. Don't overlook the freshly squeezed OJ. Can't wait to return and bring along some champagne/prosecco. Understand closed on weekends, but hopeful that will eventually be updated. And if you have an opportunity to chat with Cristina, do it. It is a delight to talk to an individual who is so into the food and has a love of her heritage. Good luck and thanks for sharing your food with us!I watched a documentary on the Chef's table about South Philly Barbacoa and was dying to eat there on my work trip. Unfortunately they are only open Saturday, Sunday,  and Monday so I missed out. I was happy to find their sister restaurant was basically across the street. It is very low key and they had a hand written menu that was in spanish so I was googling the items and peeking at what everyone around me was eating so I could decide. I ended up getting the braised pork and it was delicious. It came with pinto beans and rice and the pork was topped with pickled red onions. The highlight was the homemade tortillas. They made the meal! I can't wait to return to Philadelphia and eat here and also get myself a barbacoa taco next time too!Great food, quick service, cheap prices. Four tacos and two freshly squeezed orange juices were $24. Delicious!Worth the walk in the rain to come down to the Italian Market for this popular taco joint. Only two meat selections on Sunday, lamb or pork, and I opted for two tacos of each. Probably one of the larger portions that I've had in recent memory so was stuffed by the 3rd one! The lamb was soft and flavorful, somewhat less seasoned compared to the pork, which was finely chopped and incredibly savory. Don't forget to stack up with the toppings off to the side, and would highly recommend the salsa roja for extra kick, sliced cactus (which I usually don't like that much, but they seasoned it well), and sliced bell peppers/carrots. Apparently the consomme soup is a must-have but was too full to try out this time. Friendly service from the get-go and we ended up getting a slice of sweet apple cake for free as well! Plus, there was a mini curated art display on the walls which added a unique touch to the already quirky, homely placeThe best in the city. Simple menu, phenomenal food. The decor is so pleasant like you are in another country. The chef/owner/waitress was delightful. This place is legit, has won awards, and deserves praise.I was in town for a business conference and I had to get my hands on these barbacoa tacos and boy was I happy to find this place! Tacos de pancita were amazing and the salsas complimented the tacos very well. The tortillas tasted so fresh and the meat was very well cooked and delicious. When I am back in Philadelphia I will definitely stop by and pay this place a visit again.Incredible tortillas. Such an authentic place. Best barbacoa I've had in the US outside of California. The Panzita is worth a try as well. The horchata & barbacoa were great. Good choices for salsa and the peppers, avocado and nopales were the best. You can make these as spicy or mild as you'd like. Worth the trip!As Mexican I have to say that I am very impressed, this is a legit Mexican food placeBEST RESTAURANT IN PHILLY! The barbacoa tacos are incredible! I'm from Mexico and I can tell you these are better than any tacos you can get in Mexico. The staff is so nice and welcoming...you feel at home.Yes! Yes! Yes! I was in Philly for a conference, and I walked from downtown to the south in search of amazing Mexican food of Chef's Table and David Chang fame. I overshot the restaurant, but once I arrived at the lines for cheesesteaks, I turned my butt around and found my way to mole (rhymes if said with American English accent: way and mo-lay). By the time I reached the restaurant, which has no sign but probably has some tables out front, I was sweating from the humidity. I was immediately seated next to a couple who had also just been seated. The menu consisted of five handwritten options: enfriojoladas, enmoladas, chuleta de puerco, plate of cochinita pibil, and tacos de cochinita pibil. I chose the enmoladas just because it is my personal mission in life to try mole at every place where the mole is made from scratch. I anticipated excellence, and that's exactly what I got! I was in food heaven. Three enmoladas smothered in rich, sweet, spicy mole later and a delicious homemade tortilla to top it off, I could barely stand up to leave. (Not that I wanted to as the service was so warm and friendly.) I was sad that I would be unable to return soon to try other items on the menu, but I assured the lovely server that I would be back with my entire family someday. I hope that Cristina Martinez (the owner and head chef) does very well with this wonderful restaurant. In my opinion, it is the perfect restaurant - food, vibe, and service are everything I want in a restaurant.THE BEST TACOS I'VE EVAH HAD!!!
El Compadre is the new name for the famous South Philly Barbacoa, which was one of America's Best New Restaurants in 2016 by Bon Appetit magazine.  SPB was originally a cart in South Philly, then moved into what is now the Mike's BBQ space on S. 11th (another great spot!), and finally merged with El Compadre on S. 9th, a restaurant owned by Chef Christina Martinez's son (who sadly passed away). [Note: They are thinking about moving again.]
Recently, I've really gotten into making my own corn tortilla at home, guided by Alex Stupak & Jordan Rothman's excellent book, "TACOS: Recipes and Provocations."  They make the point over and over again that there is a distinct hierarchy in corn tortillas (more so than flour): Fresh-made corn masa is much better than store bought; and fresh-made tortillas that have never been permitted to cool down (there is some interesting starch science involved) are much better than cold tortillas that have been reheated (and certainly the mass produced ones you buy in the store).  I can't independently verify all that, since I haven't tried to make my own masa, but I am convinced fresh-made tortillas are the way to go.
Which brings us to EL COMPADRE, which is apparently the ONLY taqueria in Philly that makes their own corn tortillas completely from SCRATCH, going so far as to raise their own heritage Mexican varieties of corn at Culton Organic in Silver Spring PA (and excellent farm that I have visited).  Here's a great video with all the fascinating details:
http://www.pocho.com/nixtamalization-means-fresh-tortillas-at-south-philly-barbacoa-video/
El Compadre is a small storefront, smack dab in the middle of Philly's wonderfully old-school, outdoor Italian Market area.  Out front, you will see a few tightly squeezed communal sidewalk tables under an awning, and the interior is no bigger.  Go inside, order your choice of two tacos (their signature lamb barbacoa, and chorizo were available the day I was there), grab a seat at the communal tables, and a waiter will bring you your tacos, a drink, and soup if you want (I didn't try the latter), and dig in.  Oops, you will have to get up again, since there are some toppings on a table along the side, and you don't want to miss those!  Especially the excellent guacamole (heap on as much as you like on your taco, rather than the tiny dish that most places give you).
I lived in Philly for 5 years before moving back to Boston, and I saw many stories about the original South Philly Barbacoa (they also get a lot of press due to their involvement in discussions about immigration into the US), but never made it here for some reason.  Now that I've grown to love tacos...
...I REALLY REGRET THAT NOW THAT I LIVE IN BOSTON AND CAN'T EAT HERE EVERY DAY!!!
Just Eat It!Made a short road trip here from NY after learning their story from chef's table. We came on a Saturday morning around 11:30am, there was already a line formed outside. Their tacos were good, a little bland, but you get to add toppings on top to give it flavor. They pride themselves for authentic and delicious tortillas. I love how hard-working and modest the owners are. I mostly feel in love with their story and their passion for authenticity.I was visiting from NY with a group of friends and my boyfriend wanted to try this place. I am very critical of Mexican food because well, I'm Mexican and nothing beats moms cooking lol 
Well, this place is amazing! The best Mexican food I've ever had in the U.S! The barbacoa was soft and well seasoned, the fresh tortillas and guacamole were amazing. They also had salsas, nopales, onion, cilantro and pickled jalapeños on the table to add to your tacos. We had agua de Jamaica which was also great. 
You can get a kilo or 1/2 a kilo of barbacoa for $32 which was a great price for quality food.
Great experience and will definitely  be back and will bring my mom to show her this awesomeness!I really want to love this place..
First of all, their tortillas are made fresh, the staff comes straight from Mexico.. so this isn't what you'd call American Mexican which is a great plus. 
Setting: small, intimate space with 4 long tables and single seater tables against the wall.. 
Food: 2/5
Ordered quesadillas and was surprised when they only bought out 1 quesadilla. Also very basic but the cheese was great! 
Shrimp taco.. the shrimp was cooked perfectly, but it was a huge shrimp placed inside a tortilla with the skin of the tail still intact so it was annoying to eat.. had to keep cutting the shrimp in pieces. 
Hot sauce is basic as well.. not homemade. 
Fresh juices.. but make sure you ask for ice.. mine was a bit warm.
Tortas weren't big either. Size of a regular sandwich. For those who know about tortas they are usually big and stuffed with food inside. 
Mainly giving this place their stars just for the friendly staff. Had great conversations while eating! They are sooper nice and friendly. 
PS* 
They should really do a better job with their menu. The waitress gave us 1 tiny paper that only offered tortas.. untill we asked another waiter what else they served. It's a bit annoying when you have to listen to a list of things that could easily be placed on a menu. 
PPS* only serve Menudo/Barbacoa on Sunday's.What you need to know: 
- If I could give 100 stars, El Compadre definitely deserves it! 
- El Compadre represents everything I love about food:  food that reminds people of a place (Mexico, in this case), a warm environment that feels like you have entered someone's home, people who truly care about their old customers and welcome new customers, owners who have a greater cause and use their fame as a platform to advocate for immigrant rights and the importance of immigrants in the food industry, and food that has been slowly and lovingly prepared so that you taste the love in every bite. 
- Cristina and husband Ben's restaurant was named the 6th best new restaurant in 2016 by Bon Appetit. They are prominently featured in Netflix's series Ugly Delicious and Eater's Dining on a Dime. 
- On the weekend, you walk in and order by the front meat chopping station and then you sit down. 
- Their lamb barbacoa is cooked 6-8 hours! 
- Cash only! Come prepared.
What we ordered: 
- Half a kilo of combo meat price $30 - lamb barbacoa and pork pancita, served family style, which comes with two soups and all the fixings, which includes: the most aromatic handmade corn tortillas, freshly made guacamole, cactus, pickled vegetables, diced onions, chopped cilantro, sliced limes, salsa verde and spicy red sauce. 
- Let's talk about the meat! The lamb barbacoa was blissful, slowly cooked so the meat simply falls apart. The meat was lamby but not gamey and dispersed throughout were fatty, crispy bits of deliciousness. I preferred the lamb over the pancita, but the pancita provided a different texture and was spicy. 
- The consommé soup was the item that made my friend say "love is in the air!" This soup is made from the drippings of the lamb and pork and it has an intense meat essence flavor.  You know from the first sip that this soup was cooked over many, many hours. There were rice, chickpeas and chili flakes in it. 
- Tamale - it was a sweet tamale with raisins.  But the corn was so fluffy, it tasted like a cotton candy tamale.  Easily the best tamale I have had!It might have been because of the barbacoa I'd just feasted on, but I was reminded of Billy the Goat as I exited the restaurant - nope, not the one in Rittenhouse Square celebrating its 100 year anniversary next year - but the one in Chicago whose curse haunted the city's sports fans for decades. My point (why, yes: I do watch Rachel Maddow regularly...!) being, if the good folks of Philly don't let El Compadre into their hearts, and stomachs, they might be deprived of real, excellent Mexican food for a long time.
Sure, the fame of the weekend barbacoa feast has now spread, and people come in to buy Kilos(!) of pork and/or lamb, but I don't know how many people show up on a regular weekday for the daily menu of tortas and guisados. And, I want good, honest, hardworking, talented people to succeed. It's possible there's still some confusion, and that some folks haven't figured out that Cristina Martinez (owner) has consolidated her weekend restaurant South Philly Barbacoa (Top 10 new restaurants 2016, Bon Appetit) with El Compadre, and now the latter operates six days a week, but closing early afternoon (3 pm).
I don't get the complaints about the daily menu being limited (Do these people also complain about Dizengoff serving only Hummus or lack of vegetarian options at a steakhouse???). It's called FOCUS. There's always the six different kinds of Tortas available (to suit all kinds of carnivore and vegetarian preferences) plus the 3 odd daily specials that ensure freshness and consistent execution. I've loved the daily specials I've had here (Shrimp Tacos and the Pollo Mole Poblano), not just the weekend barbacoa tacos or the tortas (house-baked rolls). The balanced spices, viscosity, complexity of the Mole Poblano was unmatched in my recent memory - and I've spent a lot of time with eateries in Jackson Heights, NYC.
I'm glad they have an English speaking server to help food lovers who've wandered into the restaurant based on its growing reputation. The service is solicitous, concerned about your enjoyment of food, and takes similar thrill in the gastronomic delights as you do (one day she asked my permission to take a picture of my food!). The owner, Cristina, is... all heart (not just a tremendously talented chef). She wants you to love the food, and understand and appreciate tradition. I found a recent interaction particularly charming. My food had just arrived, and before bringing the elements together, initially I was deconstructing the experience to focus on the parts separately: inhaling the smell of the Pollo Mole Poblano, slicing the chicken (rather, touching it: because it was drop-off-the-bone tender), and dipping the amazing, fantastic, superlative, masa tortilla in the Mole Poblano. I didn't realize she was watching me from afar, and probably couldn't take my idiocy any more, letting the server know that I was supposed to eat the meat like Tacos... I laughed. Obviously, I knew that (when you're multicultural, you're both one WITH them, and none OF them). But, if she knew my native cuisine (and its dining practices), she would have understood that I was actually paying her the ultimate compliment: that the food soooo reminded me of home that I'd forgotten for a moment the cultural context. I was eating it the way I'd eat my native cuisine: using the Tortilla like a Roti and scooping the sauce (like curry). Despite the (implied) rebuke, I still heart her as I feel her passion for her food in my bones. And like her, I also want people to enjoy food the 'proper' way (to make it truly special) ... e.g. in my case, my bp rises 50 points if people don't WARM up a Levain Bakery (NYC) cookie before they eat it! Gah!! It drives me insane!!! ;)I had walked by South Philly Barbacoa's corner location on 9th and Ellsworth on a Sunday during the afternoon, and was intrigued by the long line out the door, and the assembly line of Mexican ladies cooking up what looked to be some delicious tacos. Decided to return to the same location the following Friday to find that the location was closed; however, I was pointed to a different location just down the street by the nice Mexican man who was doing renovations on the exterior of the restaurant. 
The second location, El Compadre, (South Philly Barbacoa 2.0?), is easy to miss, with just a small little mural covered wall that leads to the entrance of the restaurant. Immediately when I walked inside, I knew that this would be an authentic Mexican experience, as the hostess there didn't speak any English! I wish I had taken Spanish in high school since after being seated I had a tough time ordering. My friend and I just asked for tacos and were promptly greeted with two large plates of tacos each with chorizo, one with barbacoa and mole, and one carnitas. 
Let me say that as someone who has travelled to Mexico, these were some of the best tacos that I've ever had in my life! The house-made corn tortillas were thick enough to hold the inner meat toppings and absorb the juices from the meat without falling apart. The meat was all fresh and hot, and the mole that came with the barbacoa was honestly to die for.
The owner of the restaurant, Christina, came out after we had gotten our food and gave us a tray of fix-ins, including guacamole, house-made salsa, and a third mystery condiment consisting of some ghastly spicy chilis. Christina even gave us some free cookies and baked goods after we had eaten! She was honestly such a nice lady with a big heart for what she does. Clearly passionate about her cooking and for serving others.
I would 100% recommend this place to anyone living in Philly. Coming here was not only delicious, but just a great authentic cultural experience in general - a hidden gem tucked away in a neighborhood that is a bit of a melting pot of different ethnicities that come together to create a very cool neigborhood vibe!El Compadre was one of the best authentic Mexican meals I've ever had! The space is cute, colorful, and festive, and the staff is very friendly. My friend and I split the 1/2 kilo meat platter, mixed lamb and pork, which was probably too much food for two small Asian girls, but we did work and finished almost all of it. Fresh warm tortillas were provided to construct your own tacos; we estimated that we ate about 10-12 in total. The meat platter also came with fixins: onions, various peppers, limes, cilantro, and three different salsas, and there's free fresh guac at the counter. A bowl bowl each of chickpea soup, which was spicy and light rounded out the meal. To our surprise, this feast came out to $32, plus tip, which is probably one of the best bargains in the city!This place has been on my list for quite some time now and finally got a chance to try it out this morning ! It was a cool and rainy morning. The streets were blocked off because of the Italian market festival. We arrived at 8:30 am and there were just a few customers. This establishment has limited seating on the inside and does have outdoor seating as well. It's cash only. We arrived and Christina is very welcoming and patient from the start. This was our first time here and she was very nice. I ordered one lamb taco and one pork taco. I dressed both up with pickled/sautéed peppers, onions, cilantro, Guac, salsa, and lime juice. The lamb was seasoned well, tender, and delicious! The pork was flavorful and had a nice kick ! The tacos were 4$ each and were pretty filling. The service in this place was very good ! I would definitely be making a trip back ! There is street parking.I saw this Documentary on chefs table, Christina's story is truly an inspiration to all people men or women. Everyone loves a hero, a story where a person overcomes a difficult situation and comes out the other side victorious. Bravo to youThis has to be my number one cheap eat in Philly. They serve up juicy tacos at reasonable prices. The taco meats (choice of either lamb or pork) are really unbeatable.
The taco comes with meat, and you add your toppings at the counter.
If you're here with a party of four or more, order half a kilo of meat instead - this way you get the meat with refillable taco shells and toppings.
If you're in a party of six to eight, order a whole kilo of meat which comes with the same, plus four bowls of consomme! Yum.
Also, props to the very friendly owners who welcome kids.So I tried this place after my Spanish teacher highly recommended it . Although he is Peruvian his wife is from Mexico  and he lived in the DF for many years !!!!
I got there around noon and as expected the line was out the door . Tables were packed both inside the restaurant as well as outside. Ordered three tacos ( one lamb , one Pork and one mixed ) and the consome which came out to be $18..... quite pricey  and it's cash only so be prepared .
I loaded my tacos with a bunch of onions cilantro and fresh squeezed lime juice.  Added both salsas too which were bland and didn't do much . 
If I were to attribute one adjective to the food here I would say natural .
The tortillas tasted fresh . No complaints there . The meat was perfectly cooked .   You really do feel like you're eating tacos in some remote village in Mexico . 
Super authentic ?  Yes . But is it super tasty and Worth the price ?
In my opinion no .
Everything was a bit bland and needed salt . The picked peppers helped but I'm not use to having to put a bunch of stuff on my tacos to compensate for the lack of flavor due to underseasoning or lack of marination  . Yeah I get that it's Barbacoa but still .
Tan estraño.
Give me the tacos al pastor or the shrimp tacos rancheros from Los Gallo's overs these any day . Much cheaper .  Tastier and Less hype . Even with the attitude of the mujer who works as the cashier .Cons: 
Renovating while customers are in the building.
Heating issues (not sure if the heater went down)
Fixed Menu
Pros:
Authentic Mexican
Large portions
Friendly staff
I hesitantly walked into the restaurant seeing as a ladder was erected blocking the front door. As I pushed through the door I was eagerly greeted and told they were open and I could pick a seat anywhere. 
The restaurant is set up like your grandmother's dining room. It's a tight-knit area, family-style seating, and colorful. There's one waitress and she's killer. Absolutely attentive, knowledgeable, and an intermediary between the kitchen and customers. 
You're given enough food to make two meals out of. The Pork Guisado comes with a side of Rice and Beans and fresh Corn Tortillas (you can ask for more tortillas-free of charge). They have a few options for drinks. Water of course, 2 hot drinks (one made from cookies/the other from corn), and Agua Frescas (Tamarind/Hibiscus). All of our food came to about 27 dollars.The lamb barbacoa is so good! makes me miss South Philly Barbacoa since they don't seem to have the delicious consomė. 
Love that this is a 10 minute walk now although I wish they served the tortas and barbacoa tacos daily but I'm ok with having to wait for weekend for the tacos and on random weekday off I can head over for the tasty 
chicken mole torta which is real good and the jumbo shrimp taco which is a bit messy but good! 
Simple menu and yet there's still several items to go back for.  For me this place has one of the best tacos in Philly but not just limited to just that. 
Easily worth the visit and the owner is so friendly and nice and fair prices.  I had 2 chorizo and 2 barbacoa tacos that cost around $17, the torta I think was around 6.25 and the jumbo shrimp tacos come 2 an order for $10
But wish they had the consoméCome early and come hungry! My girlfriend and I came with another couple and we ordered a half Kilo, two orange juice (fresh squeezed from their machine!), and one fresca (guava, so bomb) and it ended up being a super affordable $50~ after tip and tax. We were all sooo full from the awesome barbacoa. This place has the exact same feel as the old South Philly Barbacoa; it's a small, quaint room with a family feel and atmosphere. The owner Ben and Christina were of course there and plenty happy to serve all those coming in. And man, was it busy and packed! You gotta come early on Saturday and Sunday if you want to try the lamb or pancita as they often sells out. There's a reason why their previous location was named one of the best taco spots in the nation; they're food is reasonable priced and amazing.