We went to this restaurant after running in the Philadelphia marathon.  We had a large group (12) with us including kids (ages 10-14), parents and grandparents.   The place is very clean and looks fairly new or at least newly decorated.  The service was excellent and friendly.  The food was very good for the parents but everything was on the spicy side which was not so great for the kids and grandparents.  The lighting was very dim which was an issue for the grandparents reading the menu.  
The Veggie wings were great as were the cactus and sweet potato burritos.   The guacamole was very good although the spicy chips were a little too much.
They offer pitchers of margaritas which was great for our large group.I loves me some seitan, and that's why I keep going to El Camino. The seitan wings & seitan nachos are so good! Unfortunately, the service is not. It can be extremely slow. On one occasion it took them so long to get my seitan nachos out to me that they had to give them to me on the house. All of my friends were done eating and ready to leave and I was JUST getting my food! 
As for the rest of the food at El Camino, the only other thing I've tried would be the fried pickles. I have to say, I was not impressed. I love both pickles and fried things but these were not good. The coating was too grainy and I just didn't like the taste. 
The seitan is so good that it keeps me coming back. And the margaritas are pretty good too.At first I thought the prices here were pretty decent, but then I realized that they charge for every add on- chips/salsa, rice and beans, etc. I would be fine with this if the food was exceptional, but it is subpar. Both times I've been here, my side order of rice has been hard and dry, and burritos sad and limp. Additionally, the waitress we've had the two times going there had a horrible attitude. The only thing that saves this place is the guac, and the strong margaritas. Their strategy must be to get people drunk enough to not care about what they're eating and the rude service.Hands down the best veggie wings I've had anywhere. Seriously. I can never stop thinking about them. Their fried pickles are also great, though I've found their drinks to be a bit weak. I'll stick to a Mexican coke whenever I'm here.All you can drink brunch? Yes please!
Sat and Sun they got brunch item and unlimited bloody marys or mimosas for $20. Perfect for some Sunday Funday. Enjoy!We live in the neighborhood and have eaten here many times. I feel as if this restaurant is going downhill. This time we were there for dinner early on a Sunday. The bathrooms were filthy. There are 2 and one was not usable due to all of the paper towels that had been put into the toilet (there was no toilet paper). The other one was usable but also no toilet paper. Our server, Ashley, was not interested in providing any semblance of customer service...RUDE! We had a simple question about the beers on special and she became quite defensive. My daughter spilled her drink, which I realize is a pain in the ass for the restaurant and server (although we were outside so it wasn't that big a deal). We apologized profusely but she didn't even try to hide her annoyance. Finally, the chicken quesadilla should have been labeled the gristle quesadilla....more fat than actual meat...yuck. We love the proximity of this place to where we live and it was great in the past but not anymore...will likely not return...not with so many better quality restaurants in Northern Liberties and Fishtown.This is our go to spot for happy hour.  Half price margarita pitchers and great food. I love their smoked wings, texas style chili, steak tacos, and turkey BLT.  Actually i've never had a bad meal here.  When in doubt we go to el camino and always end up having a great meal and wondeful time.So the atmosphere was awesome for this second visit. The service was great again, had a male waiter this time and he was very good. Came and refilled out chips once, cleared plates in good time as we were done, and just overall really nice. Again, didn't feel rushed at all which was prefect because we were watching the phillies game so stayed awhile after our meal. One dissapointing part though.. the smore bread pudding i was so excited for, completely not what i was expecting. It was basically two less dense chocolate brownies with a graham cracker sitting on top and marshmallow ice cream. Of course it tasted good but I wouldn've thought it would be a bread pudding with a graham cracker crust or something, not just a graham cracker thrown on top. So that's my only negative part about this place. 
Fried pickle chips, delicious! Make sure you let them cool, they taste so much better when they're not burning hot.This is where I head when I get that Texas BBQ itch. The brisket sandwiches are delicious, when cooked properly, and the sangria had me feeling nice. 
The atmosphere is relaxed. Nice bar seating.I wish I could go back and time and not eat here. We waited 50 minutes for cold chips and salsa, they were stale and they didn't even have picode Gallo. They charge for them!
The burrito was cold, and when I asked they said they plate was suppose to be cold. Really? Cold rice and beans too? 
The margarita was the only good thing and the 80's music.I love it here! Great pork shoulder, perfect "Mex Cobb salad", the cracky is smoked brisket with baked beans and cheddar cheese sauce! So good! I prefer the "Tex" opotions but "Mex" are pretty good. Food can be a little inconsistent though.First, I'd give this place another star if I weren't suspicious of my scarf being taken from there after I, through my own accord, left it there one night but it was nowhere to be found when I returned in person 10 hours later to ask about it. 
They claim to serve Mexican and Texas food, on a somewhat authentic basis. This is not true. I've never seen plantains on a taco in a Mexican restaurant in Texas. Also, Texas barbecue is largely smoked brisket served sans bacon in a sandwich. Or taco. Simply having Texas toast and Tequila (albeit a fabulous selection) does not make you an authentic Texas or Mexican food establishment. And plantains certainly don't. 
Plus, their customer service hasn't been good after going there three separate times. Each time and shift, the manager has been dismissive and the waiter or waitress has been over-worked. Which is why I wasn't too upset that after 20 minutes of having no ice tea refilled, I wasn't upset when I got attitude from my waitress when I finally saw her to ask. She looks at me and says, "I was going this way to get his water ('he' didn't ask her a question, 'I' did) and I'm going the other way to get you tea."
Ok dear, well maybe if you'd checked on us previously you wouldn't be so upset, now would you? 
But above all of this, plantains, though good, are never on a chicken taco and then passed off as "Mexican" food. They're good tacos. And that's ok. But poor service is not.We ordered delivery because I'm sick at home. For $12 carnitas that was supposed to come with cilantro, onion and salsa, non of these was included. they came with only a little bit of meat in two taco shells and tasted unseasoned. My pork shoulder was very chewy and was supposed to come with pickles but didn't.  The beans, potato salad, and coleslaw were all filled less than half way. Only good things are the toasts. We will not order from this place ever again.This was my second time coming here. The first time was before I got into yelp so I can't really go into too much detail about that experience. I do remember enjoying it and the margaritas. Anyways, I came here recently on a Thursday night with a group of work people. We had a few issues making reservations. When we called we told them we are a party of about 10 and she said that she would have to double check and get back to us, which she never did. We called back and she said that she would have to check with the General Manager because they have quizzo on Thursday nights. We finally got reservations squared away though! And we got seated at two separate tables next to each other. 
My steak tacos were good, nothing special. The margaritas though... I enjoyed all 4 of them! For dessert I shared some dessert nachos those were pretty tasty. 
If you are going here with a large group definitely make reservations and they may need to split you up.I absolutely love this place! I go there about 5 times a month and ate almost everything on the menu at least once. My favorite is the B-nice cheesesteak (I get the wrap). My favorite part about this place is that they offer all their sandwiches as wraps. I wish they would offer wheat wraps but i'm just getting a little picky.  Their smoked wings, ribs, and quesadillas, burgers and fries are all awesome. Margarita pitchers are strong and fairly priced during happy hour. Everything I order here is amazing.As a place super close to the Piazza, it doesn't strike you as a busy place with amazing food. This place has great service, with the bartenders and servers always extremely helpful and personable. The place is even packed on week nights.The food is great and so are the strawberry mojitos my favorite but , the service suck. My waiter took forever to come to check on us. We waited to get our check 20 minutes.This place is seriously hit or miss. The last time I was there the bbq was really under-par, the ribs were really tough, the sausage was mediocre at best, and the potatoe salad was just plain gross. Thankfully - that's what was on my boyfriend's plate, not mine. 
The enchiladas on the other hand were amazing as always. I wish I could buy the enchilada sauce so I could put it on everything, plus the fried egg on top (which I first thought was a very odd addition) is cooked to perfection with a beautifully running yoke. Although I still think it's a little annoying that if you order them with a meat it comes on the plate almost like a side, the dish is still my favorite.
Plus the happy hour is pretty on point - half off on margarita pitchers that aren't scrimping on the booze, sounds good to me.Had three things here, they were all excellent. The buffalo chicken cheesteak, the veggie wings and the margaritas.
Definitely going there again.They would have gotten 5 stars if it weren't for the margaritas
Seriously this place is BOMB.
I've been here a few times now and tried a bunch of different things. A MUST GET is the Veggie Wings appetizer. I'm not a vegetarian, but SHIT these things will rock your world. It's seitan and it's just a little crispy, awesome wing sauce and your choice of blue cheese or ranch.
The pickle chips (fried pickles) -- awesome as well! They come with this spicy mayo dipping sauce. And they're so so worth it. 
The menu is split up into texas-style and mexican-style. I've had stuff from both sides. Pretty much can't go wrong.
The tacos were delicious. I had the carnitas (YUM), my friend had the vegetarian cactus and sweet potato (she said they were amazing).
The service is awesome. They're friendly and fast without being pushy. Great people watching.
The only bad thing are the margaritas. Not sure what it is about them, but not my favorite. But definitely not a deal breaker, next time I'll just get a beer!!I don't know if its just me but I feel like El Camino's quality went down a lot. 
Don't get me wrong, if you're looking for a fun place, this is it with a vast variety of drinks this is it.  Food is decent too but nothing out of the norm.  Most of the times I've come here and ordered the same thing, it wasn't consistent or maybe I remembered it to be different?  
My favorite things to order here is the vegan wings, and even though I am a meat eater, they are pretty good.  Also, their desserts are usually on point, more so than their entrees.  They had a smores bread pudding that was to die for that they removed from their menu.
If i want drinks I stop on in here from time to time but if I want food, I walk down the street to Dos Segundos that always delivers. The only bonus I like is outdoor seating area where you can hang out with your friend and people watch.Awesome margaritas and food is good but the rudest servers ever! One literally tried to use non-verbal gestures for me to move (May I add he was coming from behind me) and then stared me down walking away. Gabby our server was nice, polite and made it better. I'm wondering though in the interview process if they only go for dirty hipsters?I went to El Camino Real for a surprise birthday party for my cousin-in-law. A few of us went early to eat dinner before the guest of honor arrived. I was feeling kind of sick that day, so I opted for a chicken taco salad (which I judged to be a mild and non-offensive menu choice). I was shocked at how delicious a taco salad could be. I could have drank the cumin vingarette out of a glass. I was also instantly jealous, and began feeling better, when I saw what some of the other folks I was with ordered to eat. One person got the brisket and another got the pulled pork sandwich, and the aromas that were entering my nose were soothing and enticing. 
Bottom line: I'd like to go back and be more adventurous with my meal choice.Ordered food came super fast! But when we ordered dessert that's when it took 20 mins.  When the dessert came to the table my gf asks me is this supposed to have tomatoes I say no. She is about to eat her second bite and I tell her to stop. I find a piece of paper inside the bread pudding.  I ask for the manager and he comes over I inform him of these extra items. He offers me another bread pudding.... I decline. The waitress offered to refund my money for the dessert...I went to El Camino on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch. When I got there we had to wait for a table so me and my date grabbed drinks from the bar. We ordered a pitcher of margarita. The bartender came back to check on us and she couldn't hear me and flipped her head to the side and her hair landed in the pitcher. She said she was going to make another one. She pretended to throw out the liquid in the pitcher and make another one . Instead she walked over to the other bar and just added ice to the pitcher her hair landed in .That was strike one of the afternoon. Then when we were finally seated I ordered the pancho nachos with chicken. They brought it out without the chicken. I tell the waiter. Instead of bring out a fresh nacho they bring out the chicken in a bowl. Service is poor and the quality of goods is not great either. I used to like coming here but know I most likely won't be back again as the standards in customer service and quality of food and drinks has significantly decreased.half-price margarita pitchers on tuesday. i'm so there. the mahi mahi taco is calling my name.I love this place...the veggie buffalo wings are the best and the margaritas are on point!!!!!El Camino is an awesome bar but not as good as a restaurant.  The food is average, but the great, affordable drinks more than make up for it.  They have an awesome late night happy hour and the $1/person never-ending chips is great for munching and drinking.  As far as Mexican food goes, you can get much better elsewhere in Philly and as far as BBQ food goes, you can also get much better, but neither are horrible here.  My favorite here is the Big Ass Burger.  Salud!I've been a handful of times and it's always been excellent. I'm not even close to a vegetarian and I LOVE the veggie wings. They're absolutely incredible. The portions are large. Be prepared to have leftovers. The brisket and pulled pork are also both great.
They're also very conscious for the veggie/vegan crowd. I went with a vegan friend that ordered a cactus wrap with no creme sauce on it. They accidentally put some creme sauce on it, which he promptly pointed out before taking a bite. Not only was the replacement out almost immediately, but he didn't pay for a single thing that he ordered. Mistakes happen, what sets a great place apart from a crappy one is how they're handled.Me and my boyfriend love it here! We went 3 quizzo nights in a row. The gentlemen who hosts quizzo is hilarious and makes it very enjoyable. There are good drink specials that go on regularly, and they're refillable chips and salsa are seasoned nicely and very addicting. The air vents (in the back quizzo dining area at least) are very strong and make it a little difficult to find a spot to sit where they aren't blowing directly down on you. Love the ambiance, love the laid-back but still attentive attitude of the workers. Just moved to Cali and will miss this little gem of a spot! Y'all should go!Last night was a total bust at El Camino. To preface, I also work at a loud and busy restaurant / bar and understand how management, the kitchen and a restaurant operates. I frequent El Camino for the pitchers and the pig wings which are unreal but last night was really sub par. The waitress told us she hasn't worked in a while and didn't know the draft beers which was weird, and she seemed as though she was either having a bad night or was just super rude. 
I ordered the nachos with Refried beans and brisket and they were absolutely inedible. They came out piled high, sans beans, covered in all fatty pieces of brisket and topped with a bag of lettuce. The cheese was tasted like a liquid version of mayo. Let's just say they were bad. So, when she finally came around 16 minutes later, I apologized and told her they were really gross. Unfortunately, she acted as though I personally offended her and was passive aggressive and super rude the rest of the night. I ordered wings and she didn't once speak to us again. Hopefully she was having a bad night because otherwise, I couldn't come back based on how we were treated.Good service, good margaritas. I wasn't impressed with the food. The fried pickles were greasy and soggy. The shrimp nachos were soggy from too much crema. I heard the veggie wings are good so maybe I will have to give their food another chance.After a blissful evening of consuming far to much alcohol, the duo decided that brunch was the only cure ... We had previously stopped into El Camino for a couple of cocktails and noticed the fine menu, so for sure it was the right choice.
It appeared to be a slow day -- but it was before noon, so we can not judge. It took a bit of effort but we narrowed our choices down to the Huevos Rancheros and the Fried Chicken and Biscuits.
As for the Huevos ... a heaping pile of meat and beans and cheese all snugly in a sizzling skillet. It may have actually been too much to handle as we sadly left more than half in the skillet ...That being said, we would have loved to have finished it as the flavors and textures were right on.
Fried Chicken and Biscuits with Sausage Gravy ... what do we picture? A couple nice and crispy strips of chicken two fluffy cratered biscuits under a blanket of sausage gravy ... the key to this picture would be the inability to actually see the biscuits under the blanket of gravy.... not the case.
If their is one single breakfast item which I crave, it's biscuits and gravy. I do not feel as if I should ever have to ask for more gravy ... the essence of the dish is excess. I don't care how moist you think your biscuits are ... give-me-more-GRAVY!
It killed it for me ... the better half enjoyed her huevos ... and I enjoyed the chicken .... but I pray for a line cook with a heavier hand next time.
We will return ... but cautiously.The food is okay sometimes. The Mexican style food isn't that good but the BBQ stuff here is actually pretty decent. Two stars because one of the people in our party sucked up a fake eyelash in her straw from the water she was served in and was only given a free drink as a sorry. Thought she would've deserved something a little better considering how disgusting it would be to suck up a big fake eyelash... will not be going back here.First off. This rating is for service and not the food. I have to stress that first. That being said I can't begin to say how disappointed I am in the service (or lack there of) I received tonight. I actually frequent this restaurant and have for years. Tonight I attempted to bring 7 of my friends along to enjoy dinner here for a birthday celebration. When we arrived we asked what the wait time would be. The hostess who was very nice told us 20-25 minutes for indoor or we could be seated immediately outdoor. The 8 of us were talking and another woman arrived at the hostess station and told her it would not be 25 min but 45 to an hour. So we asked to be seated outside. The hostess explained that if we chose to eat outside if it rained there would be no guarantee we could be moved indoors. We agreed and that was fine. The hostess then mentioned to the other young lady (who I would later find out was named laney) that we chose outside and she was worried about the rain. Laney told her "well that isn't our problem". During the time that I was speaking to the hostess the other young woman kept repeating what the hostess was telling me. I'm an adult and I can hear plenty well so I knew what she was saying the first time and didn't need a third party repeating it. 
While the hostess sat the rest of my party I stuck around to ask the young lady if there was a problem or if we had done something to annoy or offend her. She simply stated she wasn't referring to us she was talking about something else. Ok. 
After the hostess sat us, no one ever arrived to take our order. No one even brought us water or asked if we wanted a drink. Nothing. To be so worried about us possibly eating in the rain, yet no one cared to try to get our order in a timely manner.  
After waiting with no sign of service what so ever, I picked all of our menus up and returned them to the hostess. I have never been so disappointed in the service I've received here. It's one of my favorite places to eat but tonight it left a bad taste in my mouth.Before I moved to NL I used to come here pretty often, maybe every other week.  My husband and I just moved right around the corner and I knew that living that close would be dangerous. Yep, I am now down to once a week.  The veggie wings, and fried pickle chips are AMAZINGLY addicting.  My husband always tries something new and is pretty satisfied but I stick to those two every time. 
I also want to mention that they don't really have anything for kids. If your looking to go with your children.  They have (several times) worked with me on a plain grilled chicken for my 3 year old but other than the celery and carrots and unlimited chips, there's not much of a selection.  I will usually give her food before we go and have her snack on the chips when we sit in. 
I'm ordering out for a girls night tomorrow night and thought I quickly write my review on how much I love this place.
Super Fan!Long wait time for outside seating. Food was OK. WAY TOO SPICY. Not able to enjoy due to food being way to spicy. 
Waitress too busy. Very friendly but way too busy.Whiskey lemonade, veggie wings, and nachos are my favorites here. The service here is great, the prices are a little higher than I enjoy but on par with the area.
In my experience this place is the kind that does not try to rush you out. Myself and a few friends ended up hanging out for hours eating appetizers and drinking a couple rainy sundays ago.
 I need to to try el camino's brunch.Really cool spot in Northern Liberties. Weather was gorgeous that night but it was a half hour wait to sit outside when we got there at 7:15ish.  Inside was still nice and atmosphere was good. Service was great even though it was busy.  We got the chips and salsa & salsa Verde.  It was pretty good and at a dollar per person for unlimited, that was great! We opted to also get the guac which was so good.  For dinner I got Mexican food.  The fried calamari tacos were very delicious! My hubby took a bite and agreed. He chose from the BBQ section and got the BBQ mixer where you select the 3 meats you want. Everything was great but we loved the brisket..moist & tender! The sides he got were also good.. potato salad was unique, but despite his big appetite, with his main dish which came with Texas toast, he ate only half of the sides.  The drinks were also very good! Great drink menu and tequila flights available. Would definitely come again and even try their brunch!Honestly the music was way too loud. Normally I wouldn't care, but I went with my girlfriends grandparents and they were miserable. Not a good place to have a conversation. Food was really good though.Three words:
NOM
NOM
NOM
What a completely sublime experience that did not, I repeat, did not break the bank. I fed myself and three other people for under $40.  And they were fed with some of the best food I have had in the city.  The brisket drew oohs and ahhs from all party members at the table while we were treated to some ginormous texas toast and delicious taco salad.  
The service was top notch with water, chips and food being delivered very professionally and succinctly.  Well done!  
This will seriously go into the rotation of great places for us to eat nearby.We love this place! The food is awesome and the service is excellent - the staff is very friendly and helpful even on busy Friday nights. It can be a bit crowded with above average noise then, but that has never bothered us. So maybe don't go with a large crowd or on a first date on the weekend. 
Among the things we have tried and *loved*: the $1(!) endless nachos, guacamole, grilled Mexican corn (great blend of flavors), cactus & sweet potato burritos (wow!), chicken fried seitan (love the sweet, tangy bbq sauce), brisket sandwich and the "big ass" burger." I was iffy about the veggie hot wings (too sour for me), but my husband really liked them. So give this place a try.I myself am not a user of cannibis, but if you are prone to wild fits of the munchies, this is the place for you. The place is very open and lively and the drinks are nice and strong. Good, fast service. 
Should you come here, you need to eat the Chronic, a mass of pulled pork, macaroni and cheese, bacon, and bread crumbs, spilling obscenely out of a roll. I thoroughly enjoyed this mess of a sandwich and give El Camino Real 4 stars on the Chronic's glory alone.SO...My friends and i went to this really nice bar and we had the time of our lives... we had these great margaritas that our wonderful bartender made. It was AWSOME!!!! And the Mac and Cheese was GREAT!!! I'LL BE BACK VERY SOONMel was our server. Super friendly and knowledgable. Great enchiladas! Thanks for the suggestion! Will be comming back!el camino real is a half mexican restaurant and half bbq restaurant which just opened on liberties walk.  i went last night and i loved it!  i stuck with the texan menu because i was craving seitan (but will be back for fish tacos from the mexican menu).  i started out with the veggie wings then got the BBQ seitan for my main. our waiter warned me that these were both very similar dishes before putting our order in, which they are, but that was OK by me cause they were both excellent. the wings have the sauce on them and ranch on the side, while the BBQ seitan has the BBQ sauce on the side and yummy grill marks on the seitan. i definitely recommend the spicy sauce over the sweet (which was a little too sweet-tomatoey for me). had some guac, too, with some very salty (good) chips.   had a root beer float doused in rum for dessert.  i think this place will finally fill the seitan void in my life leftover from when azure closed earlier this year. i'll be back soon and often.
service is excellent too, by the way... chef and manager both stopped by to ask how things were, and our waiter was very attentive.Bifurcated deliciousness. Yeah, go ahead look it up or check out El Camino Real to understand it first hand. 
ECR features a menu pleasantly divided between inventive Mexican dishes and hearty down home fresh off the chuck wagon BBQ. Truth be told, I've never eaten from a chuck wagon, but I do know my BBQ and can call this authentically delicious from at least twenty paces. 
Pricing seemed high on some items which I only realized when I was served a burrito less than the size of your average newborn. And while I loved the divided menu, I would have liked to see some fusion dishes that marry the two ideas together. 
We hit up the happy hour for half price marg pitchers were tasty. Not sure if it was because of happy hour, there was a ton of ice in the pitcher delivered to our table. 
The atmosphere like the food is lively and varied. ECR is a great place to grab some drinks with a small group of friends or meet up with co-workers for some happy hour fun. 
Couldn't give this place a 4/5 star review because in comparison with the Cantina, this place is just ok. Two things that stuck out were the ice to drink ratio and the fact they charge for chips and salsa. It's only a dollar for all you can eat, but still it seems cheap. Why charge at all? Or why charge for the first basket. Those two things combined made me wonder what else they are cheaping out on. 
TL;DR Great drinks; decent food. It's is worth a try especially if your palette can't decide between Mexican and BBQ.I ordered takeout from here a week ago. I ordered a chicken wrap, my boyfriend ordered pulled pork. We were both unimpressed but what leads me to leaving a 1 star review is what ensued after eating from here. 2 days later I had severe intestinal issues that pursued for days. After a visit to a doctor and them doing a culture, I tested positive for campylobacter. Campylobacter is transmitted through contaminated chicken and takes 1-2 days to show symptoms. Considering this was the only time I ate chicken in the days leading up to getting sick, I 100% contracted this food-borne illness from eating food from here. I'd strongly advise people to eat elsewhere unless you have a week+ free to spend on your toilet.Okay food that's being held hostage by a poor management team and horrible waitresses. Open tables can't be seated due to their seating strategy. So expect a wait while you look at available tables. Overall poor customer service. Only reason to visit this place, easy walking distance from the piazza.Ordered a smoked chicken quesadilla last night and there was a long hair in it that was threaded through the chicken. Super disgusting! Last time I was here there was still wax paper in the beef brisket. This kitchen needs to get it together with their quality control!This place is so addicting, good vegan options, seitan or veggie tacos and guac, good beers, good service. Love coming here!First of all , I waited about an hour in the heat after being seated for a salad. Three tables were sat around me and all received their food before me. By the time I got my salad it was terrible. The steak was chewy and hard. And the salad all around was just terrible. I witnessed my waitress look at my empty glass of water and not even offer anything to drink but refilled the table next to mines. If I could rate this place a zero star I would. Would not recommend to eat here at all!! My waitress was rude and inconsiderate. Never will come back   !!There are much better Mexican joints to hang out at in Philly.  Wound up here on a Friday afternoon, thanks to Steve Starr having the brilliant idea not to open his beer gardens until 4 PM on Fridays (huh?) for some drinks and light food.
The beer list is decent and the happy hour margaritas are only $2.50 (which probably is worth a star by itself), but the table-service and the food wrecked the experience.
We were there for about 4 hours from about 2:30 PM to 6:30 PM - a group of professionals looking for drinks and food with money to spend.  From the time we ordered our first drinks until the time the waitress bothered to come back and check on us was over an hour...we were so thirsty that people were going to the bar by themselves and paying cash...and hungry...we were ready to order food no one in sight, that it was sad.  One of the women with us, who had waitressed in a prior life, actually considered pulling the girl aside and explaining to her how much she was losing in tips.  And it is a tiny dining room and the place was mostly empty until about 5 PM.
The food barely rose above Chipoltle-quality, although it was relatively inexpensive for Philly.  The guacamole was very spicy, but that didn't mask that the avocados didn't taste fresh at all.  The tomatoes in the salsa were bland and mushy.
Won't be back.The Good:
Boozy Float - draft root beer (hells yeah baby), Myers rum & vanilla ice cream.  Makes me purr.
Outside seating that isn't in the middle of the sidewalk!
Big juice burger - delicious. And when I told them to make it as rare as legally possible, they obeyed.
Possibly the best fries I've had since traipsing around Texas.
Great! BBQ sauces - loved the tangy and the spicy, although I really couldn't tell which was which.
The Bad:
Margarita with salt - I did say without salt, because bleh to salt on my margarita. The large quantities of liquor made up for the salt taste. 
Service was a bit slow, but it was a Saturday afternoon - true they weren't packed, but they also weren't rocking their A-game.
The Ugly: 
Ha, the other patrons! Drunky McDrunkerson was Cra.Zy. throughout our curbside brunch. Entertaining, but exhausting to watch. Not sure what the waitstaff could've done to restrain this chick (other then flag her, maybe?) - still. We'll be back.This place is pretty excellent- definitely a go-to for me and the BF.  Some notes:
-HAPPY HOUR and LATE NIGHT:  Happy Hour is 5-7 weekdays, and gets you half-price margaritas ($2.50 is hard to beat).  Late night is Sunday-Thursday 10pm-12am, and gives you half-price margaritas AND draft beers (usually they have a few decent craft beers).
*update- all specials have gone up :( bummer.  Alas! 
-$1 per person endless chips, smoked pico de gallo and salsa verde- DELICIOUS, and perfect happy hour/late night food
-Be wary: the margaritas can pack a punch.  It may be the cheap tequila, but inevitably these hit me after the fact in a weird and often headache and/or hangover-inducing manner that margaritas (even strong ones) don't usually give me.  Drink lots of water, that's for sure- and don't let this deter you.  
-Vegetarian Texas Cheesesteak?  AMAZING.
-Brunch includes a free drink for each adult over $21 (Bloody Mary or Mimosa).  VEGETARIANS BE WARNED- the Bloody Mary mix is NOT vegetarian, and not all of the waiters know that.  I asked, was told it was vegetarian, had my BF try it, asked again to have them double-check, and found out it wasn't.  I lucked out, but if you are allergic to seafood or vegetarian, stick with the Mimosa and make sure the waiters double-check anything that could mess with your dietary restrictions.I had a Quesadilla that was delicious the drinks was good also. I just didn't like the seating was a little uncomfortable.I really hate this place . It is always terrible but I love so close I always give it a try after try. I ordered a burrito and tacos....  the most disappointing order yet. And it will be the last. It's like they didn't even care to make it . They threw everything in a boWish I could give it 0
Food order was delayed by almost two hours and didn't hear back from anyone to let me know about this issue.Overall experience just awful for our group(and apparently the tables around us).  We were seated at 6:33 on a Tuesday and sat there until we were finally greeted at 6:47.  We sat there after that until a little after 7 when we finally received our drinks.  That was over 35 minutes without even a water.   Our server disappeared multiple times while management did nothing to assure that everything was ok.  We finally got our starters, a few orders of guac, which were amazing(hence the 2 stars) before right around when our drinks finally arrived.  The table next to us began to have the same complaint as they arrived and didnt get waited on until about 15 minutes after seating.  The food itself was average but it did not make up for the complete ineptitude of service that became so frustrating to our table(all of us are waiters and bartenders).  This is now the second straight time coming here with the same server and the experience was beyond bad.  When we were finally finished and paid, of course a manager was the first person to the table to come and clean it up before we had all even gotten up but refused to check in at all during the dinner.  One of the more frustrating experiences at a restaurant in a long time, probably will not be going back here even though I live right across the street.Mexican themed bar and restaurant.
Food: not bad, but below average for this price point.
Service: friendly but slow.
Come hang out if you are in the neighborhood. No reason to make a special trip if you are not.Went to El Camino for brunch this weekend. It was not as good as my dinner was previously.
The huevos rancheros was served in a cast iron skillet, which is cool, but it really wasn't doing it for me. It kind of tasted bland and the refried beans were more like a soup than they were like a refried bean. Also, the breakfast burrito doesn't come with any type of sauce like guac or sour cream, and I think that's just weird.
Our waitress, while very pretty (Megan Fox look-alike), was pretty checked out. She didn't come over to check on us and only refilled our water glasses after my friend had to start drinking out of my glass. She also didn't ask if I wanted a refill of my coffee. When my friend asked for ketchup she brought the bottle to our table and slid it across the table. I don't know if it was intentional or not, but it was pretty rude.
I'll stick with Green Eggs or Cantina Dos Segundos for breakfast now on.Service was decent, better than a lot of times i've been here, its usually awful, and for the poor service that plagues northern liberties, its not a list you wanna top.  but my burrito although it had good flavor, came out like it had been sitting for a while.  Please hold, dos segundos is calling.Have to give credit where credit is due.  Started going to ECR on a much more frequent basis since Sept. 2011, and there is no question that the service and food quality has been far more consistent in highly positive ways.  Also, I discovered the Pig Wings and the house-made jalapeno poppers, both of which I think I'm addicted to.  And a very satisfying beer selection; not the longest beer list, but what they do have is quality, and they have something for everyone, so that's always a positive.I really don't like being told that the chef changed how something is made months ago and that I have been eating buttermilk for who knows how long.  That is not cool.  All of the seitan dishes were either removed from the menu or they were changed to include animal junk.  Basically this place has gone from being awesome to just another burrito shop for the vegan community.  Boo!Honestly I love this place but the music they play lately has gone downstream MAJOR!!! I don't want to hear the same bad 80s or Motown song on repeat ..... Seriously bad. GIVE ME SILENCE OVER THISI must agree like the rest of the reviews the veggie wings are the best!  But don't forget the nachos......they are giant! But oh so delish! And the chips and chirozo in queso.....that's my fav!  Not a low cal meal by any ,means but tastey.  
The staff is nice for the most part. I've been many times and had just one grumpy waitress who prob was just having a tough day.I go to el camino on occasion and the service is usually great! There was one time the service was a little slow but the waitress was super nice and I saw that she was busy so I was pretty understanding. Their happy hour specials are a awesome. My friend and I went the other day for some drinks and the girl bartender that was working was very friendly! Half priced margarita pitchers for hh! Can't beat that :PI just order 5 meals 1 of which was never even entered. So I never got it. But the 4 orders I did receive every single one was incorrect. Pretty disappointed.This was an overall AWFUL experience! If I could give less than 1 star, I would. The food was a joke. Texas fries smothered in microwaved cheese sauce, calamari tacos with stringy, undercooked calamari. Burritos that you pay EXTRA for rice and beans! Don't get me started on the drinks. I had a strawberry margarita that was syrup on the rocks, my husband had a long island that was sour mix with a splash of soda. The service??  I could've walked out on my check 3 times before she asked if we were ok (I probably should have).... DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!  what a joke!!If you're reading this update in isolation (not in the sense that you're in solitary confinement, but in the sense that you're not reading it along with my Penang update), I recommend you go to phillymonica.yelp.com.
Now, as part of my morning goals for the day, I promised I wouldn't drink or eat carbs, but would instead opt for a salad and go to the gym.
While I did go to the gym, I failed to "not drink." At lunch, I downed 2 margaritas (one with Canton Ginger Liqueur instead of tequila) and a Canton-bourbon-'arita. They were all so delicious I couldn't help but allow one to follow the other. 
I did order a taco salad though. Great food, but unsuccessful day, folks. Better luck tomorrow.Many people told me it was a must to visit El Camino Real, and I have to agree that the food is pretty amazing.
We opted to get the all-you-can eat chips and salsa, which costs $1 per person.  (I think this should just be free as most Mexican places do.)  The chips came with a chunky red pico de gallo and a salsa verde, both were tasty.  I also had a pina colada BF opted for a beer from the draft selection.  My cocktail was well-spiked and I got a nice buzz from it, but didn't overwhelm the yummy pineapple and coconut.
I ordered the Smoked chicken burrito which had bacon, plantains and chipotle crema.  BF got the shrimp, smoked garlic/onion, crispy chicken skin & jalapeno burrito.  Our server asked if we wanted them as a platter with rice and beans.  FOR FIVE DOLLARS EXTRA.  For real??  Are these magic beans???  No thanks.  The plate came with a shredded red cabbage and radish salad which was untouched on both of our plates.  How bout leave off that cabbage nonsense and just give us rice and beans?  The burrito was not your typical gargantuan size, (ala Cantina or most Mexican spots) but instead two thinner burritos... more like rolled tacos.  This was nice for sharing, we each got to try one half and were pretty full.  I actually enjoyed the shrimp one better, the crispy chicken skin was a nice complement to the smoky flavors.  A tad spicy for this spice-wuss but I went for it anyway because the flavors were so nice.
Service was great, I'll probably be back again.  I also want to try the barbecue selections.Last night we walked here for dinner.  It was a nice night so we sat outside to people watch while enjoying the food of El Camino. The margarita was so good, I could have had another 1 or 2.  We had the unlimited chips/salsa, the veggie wings and pig wings as appetizers, which really could make a meal in itself. Onto the entrees, I had the bbq sampler;  short rib, pork shoulder and pork belly and my friend has the "ole gringo" burrito. I did try the homemade sauces that I read about on yelp, but it would have been nice for the server to explain the sauces.  Service was ok and prices are reasonable. Worth checking out.Their food is delicious but their service is lackluster especially when it comes to take out. I should know better to check my take out before I take it out the door. 
They've reconciled my order a few times but at this point, I'm just tired of calling them , explaining what I didn't get, bieng asked to go back for the completion of my order.  Examples:
a)  guacamole (after stating and being charged for it and not getting it)
b) dressing for my salads
c) didn't add meat to an order where I've added meat. (don't get any smart ideas)
Be consistent El Camino and maybe you can get the ranks of adding the Real.Fun vibe.  Good service.  Decent drink prices. Good food....BUT it didn't stand out as anything special considering there are a few other restaurants that are similar in the area.  A $12.00 burrito that is average does not make me want to go back any time soon.This place has some great texmex food! It's usually a bit crowded during dinner, so I try to go during off hours. The staff is friendly, and the food is delish. Last time I was there I had their seasonal fish burritos. It was super tasty, even if the fish was fried. They have an extensive drink menu as well, if you're looking to just have a drink. I definitely recommend the blood orange mojito.New to the area, I listen to what friends and coworkers recommend so off we went to check out a local favorite for dinner.  We'd been there once before for lunch and decided we wanted to check it out at night.
The only challenge that evening was trying to find parking, which, coming from NYC, I find more challenging in Philly than in the Big Apple, but we were lucky enough to finally get a spot right in front of the restaurant.
We were greeted and sat immediately by a friendly staff member.  We ordered our margaritas and appetizers and checked out the menu.  While the patrons kept pouring in.  
Mexican and Texas BBQ are divided, we all went with the Mexican fare and ordered Carnitas Tacos, Seared Ahi Tuna Tacos and Shrimp Tacos.
All the tacos are served Mexican 'street style' on small tortillas, so those expecting the bell style, forget it.  
The Carnitas (pork) were succulent and with a squeeze of lime, very tasty and perfectly accompanied by cilantro and raw onions.
The shrimp and seared ahi tuna tacos were also a big hit, although a white fish would be more welcome on fish tacos as the fleshy tuna just doesn't quite cut it for this dish.  With the lime juice and accompanying condiments it's just not as complimentary as say a sea bass or even codfish.
The ambiance is great.  Casual diners and locals gathering for conversation and some bar games during the reverse happy hour packs the place, but our service was friendly and attentive.
Looking forward to the weather warming up again so we can sit outside and people-watch while dining at this very hipster locale.I've come here for happy hour and quizzo a few times, and it's always been pretty darn good. 
The margaritas are tasty and strong, and for the happy hour price, you can't beat it. I also love the $1 PP endless chips & salsa. It's a great yummy, cheap snack to share with friends.
I have had a few of the menu selections including the mac & cheese (awesome), pulled pork (tasty) and pork belly. The pork belly was not my favorite. I'm hoping maybe it was just an off day, but the pork belly was very chewy and flavorless. I probably would not order that again.
This is definitely one of my favorite happy hours in the city. There's plenty of seating indoors & out, good service, strong drinks and great prices.Last night I was pleasantly surprised by my experience at El Camino. The two or three other times I've been have been just ok but last night was better. We decided to go more Tex than Mex and it worked out great. 
In my opinion, they have some of the best margaritas I've had...especially for the price. They're strong and not too sweet, awesome. What really blew my mind this past visit was the pulled pork sammy. We added cole slaw which was the best idea ever. The pork was tasty, moist and juicy and the bun didn't fall apart! I might have to get this sandwich every time I go. 
To wrap up my feelings on this place, 4 stars for the Tex, 3 on the mex so I would give it 3.5 stars.My most FAVORITE place in NoLibs.  I'm a vegetarian and this place is my heaven.  They have one of my most favorite veggie wings... they are crispy and spicy and make me sweat (in a good way).  I've pretty much liked everything I've ever gotten here, but I love to go just for wings and a marg... great outdoor seating in summer and just a cool overall vibe.  This is and will continue to be my Philly staple!So I go to this restaurant a lot with my best friend but I went last night with my boyfriend and it wasn't that great! I understand they were super busy but it took 20 mins for our order to be taken and then our food came out before our drinks and I had to ask the waitress three times for them. She said she was waiting for them to get made? It doesn't take 35 mins for a margarita and a corona!  Our food was good we ordered guac and chips which tasted good and the taco salad with chicken. The taco salad was a little disappointing, it looked big but was mostly tortilla chips under a little bit of lettuce, but still good. Finally I was fed up with not getting our drinks and asked another waiter. He  brought them right over and said they were sitting there for a good 20 mins. The waitress then came over to tell us she just forgot about our drinks. Ummm???? Okay.  Thanks for letting me know you totally forgot our order. I think next time I won't go when it's so busy. I like it better when it's dead in there or for lunch.