While I do prefer Chipotle, El Fuego is a cut above other burrito places (e.g. Qdoba).  The burritos are pretty flavorful, but nothing that is gonna knock your socks off.  However, the thing that definitely puts it above a place like Qdoba is that they serve mixed drinks/beer! They also have a fantastic happy hour ($3 margs and $2 chips & guac? sounds good to me!).  So if you're in the area between 4-7 PM on a weekday, consider stopping by--it won't be the best burrito you've ever had but the atmosphere/drinks more than make up for it.This location is very large and very clean.  It's a neat space, but I'm not sure they have fully utilized it. 
Depending on what you get, this place can be great.  The burritos are definitely enough to fill you up. And it's really awesome that they have a selection of beers and sodas outside of the estadounidense norm. 
But, I don't know if I'll ever come back.  The steak quesadilla I had tasted exactly like Campbell's chicken noodle soup.  Exactly like it.  It was gross.The first thing I thought after walking into El Fuego was "Wait, I didn't just walk into a Chipotle, right?" I kept asking myself that as I walked through the dining area that was decorated and laid out sorta like a Chipotle and up to the counter that had pans set up with various meats, cheese, cheese, etc.. exactly like Chipotle. The people working there were friendly in much the same way as the nice people at Chipotle...
Anyway, you get the point. Upon first look, it seems like some franchisee of Chipotle decided to break away and do things their own way, but actually ended up doing things in much the same manner. The prices and menu are comparable, but I was glad to see they also offered chorizo, which they don't have at Chipotle. They also had beer and liquor (and I think they make margaritas) that was priced about average for the area. 
"Two stars" here means "Meh. I've experienced better." according to Yelp, and in all fairness I'd say that's what I feel about the place after eating there. The chorizo was room temperature, the (green medium) sauce didn't have much flavor to it, and the soft taco shells kinda reminded me of those ones you buy in a supermarket. You know, the ones in the plastic packaging with the bell logo and "South of the Border" font.
In short, El Fuego is a knock off Chipotle or Qdoba that also has an abbreviated bar setup in it.I feel so dirty Yelping while still in the establishment, but I need to digest what I just ate, so here goes. El Fuego is like a kicked up version of Qdoba. I was actually on my way there when I decided to drop in and sample what promised to be a "premium" burrito. After seeing only about a 10% higher price tag, I decided to indulge in a spicy chicken that delivered slightly more punch than it's plain sister down the street. At about 20% smaller than a Qmonster, the tiny bit of El Fuego rice paled in comparison to the fluffy, cilantro heaven at Qdoba. The tortilla tasted store bought and was not worth the calories.  Qdoba's supremacy ends here. El Fuego's vegetables were sweet, grilled to perfection and unfortunately too sparse. The meat was juicier and more plentiful, surprisingly. The salsa was made from very nice tomatoes, but not acidic enough. The cheese was high quality, slightly sharp and just the right amount. The sour cream was watered down as it seems to be everywhere at burrito bars which is why I order the quesadilla sour cream at Qdoba. 
So why only 3 stars? It's still just OK. I would even give Qdoba 4 stars despite being not nearly as pretty, not as high quality and only slightly less expensive. Why? Cause if you are going  to advertise as being premium and drag me into your hipster, minimalist joint, you had better blow my mind.This is currently the best option for a quick burrito in CC/RH, but there isn't much competition (not 1 but 2 qdoba's, really?)
The salad option is nice for when you're craving the spicy beef but need to cut calories somewhere. Serving beer and margarita's is a no-brainer, and the happy hour is a nice touch, even if I don't really see myself coming out anytime soon.
And unfortunately (for me) I agree with Monica, the original seams to be better. Maybe it's a grass is greener scenario, or maybe my fond memories have whitewashed any shortfalls. Overall a solid 3, but it's not going to blow you away. If you've got the time or motivation Bella Vista really isn't all that far...Stopped by yesterday for a burrito fix and saw this location has closed! Sad. Always consistent and fresh.Even though I appreciate the homemade offerings at El Fuego, they need to hit the kitchen and work on their guacamole recipe (-1). It's just too acerbic for my taste. Their fresh pico de gallo (+1) makes up for the condiment quality though. 
The chicken burrito (+1) is a favorite and while they don't offer breakfast burritos (-1) (something I often crave), their frozen blood orange margaritas (+3) compensate for their shortcomings.
So, total score here: 3 stars. Is it just me or does their original location outshine their newer spot?they are now offering a happy hour from 4-7 m-f  margarita's for $3 and flavored ones for $4! salsa and chips are 50cents a piece as well!Okay I used to work near their first location. The burritos were amazing, my vegan friends and I miss carnivore were all happy campers. I was so excited when the one near me opened. However, the new people running the show at this one cannot roll a burrito to save their lives! They are also mad stingy on beans and rice! 
The spicy pulled beef is still amazing and the big plus to this locale is the frozen margaritas. 
I haven't been to the one near washington square in quite a bit, but my friend goes and she loves it. It's sad when this happens!I love this place! The staff is always super friendly, they're reasonably priced. It's like the non-chain Qdoba with margaritas! And goddamn those margaritas are good!To be fair, I broke my own rule eating at this place to begin with. I live in Chicago, and a good rule to live by is, "Only eat Mexican food in Chicago...or Mexico. Period." Chicago has the most tortilla factories in North America besides, you guessed it, Mexico. So you can always guarantee great tortillas. Plus every cook/chef working in Chicago is again, you guessed it, Mexican. We just do it right. 
El Fuego looked cute though, and we just wanted a quick, cheap bite. It seems confusing when you order. We were there for happy hour so we got cheap chips/salsa and guac. They're in little to-go containers. We're eating here but whatever. So then you step to the left (?) and this young girl asks what you want. Here was my major misstep. I got the chorizo quesadilla. Yuck. It's SPANISH chorizo!!?? What? This is an entirely different beast than Mexican chorizo. So it was pretty much gross. My husband got a spicy beef burrito. Not spicy. And they don't know how to wrap a burrito. He ate it with a fork. Bummer. The salsa was actually pico de gallo, so oh well. The guac was pleasant enough. 
They have beer. Two stars.I have had steak and chicken burritos here-both very good. My friend had the pulled beef brisket which is not easy to eat in burrito format. The rice that they use has a lime like flavor and is actually cooked properly. I wouldn't say it's authentic mexican but am a snob since I am originally from Florida. I will say that this place is a good American/Tex mex type of food and is better than Qdoba and Sante Fe. They also offer many different toppings to make a massive burrito. Unfortunately they lack in different types of sauces to go with it. Overall, It's very tasty and the price is not bad either.I've been to this place a few times and refuse to go back. The tacos are miserable. And the chick who makes them must be retarded. Tip to fuego: when making said tacos, please put meat and fixings inside the actuall tortilla shell. Do not just throw everything over top and call it a taco. It's infuriating when I have to remake possibly one of the easiset foods in the world to prepare. I hate u el fuego.Fast, friendly and flavorful. I ate there last Friday, for about my twelfth time. Although they were super busy (8 in front and 13 behind me), I was able to get my lunch and sit down in about 8 minutes. 
I love their spicy beef as a burrito or quesadilla. Their prices are a good value too!El Fuego's other location has been consistently better in my opinion, but this one gets the job done for when I'm at work. 
I'm not sure what people expect from a place that does not advertise as being necessarily authentic. If you want that, there are 50 better places to go in the city. If you want a tasty, filling Tex Mex burrito, El Fuego beats Qdoba or Chipotle most days of the week.I appreciate a place that has only a few options that they focus on making quality.  I am a big fan of the tacos or quesadillas.  My favorite is the chicken, but I also like the chorizo.  The peppers and onions for the veggie options are also very tasty.  I don't really like the spicy beef because it can be really messy and hard to bite through, but other people seem to enjoy it.
The staff is very friendly.  One time while sitting in the window, a gust of wind came and knocked my sour cream and soda on the floor.  I felt bad for making a mess but they came right out and cleaned it up without batting an eye.  Speaking of this, the place is immaculate and the interior is beautiful.  There is crown molding all around and a decorative ceiling.  The long dark tables with tall black stools add to the the clean look of the design.  Small ornate details in silvery tiling line the walls.
I really enjoy my eating experiences here and I recommend it highly!  I have yet to sample the happy hour margaritas and plan to do that soon.I get lunch here all the time.  It's all homemade, everything is fresh and delicious.  It's nice that it's not a big chain.  I like the selection of mexican sodas - they even have the mexican coke made with real sugar.  They will custom make you whatever you want, and the service is always good, the prices always reasonable.I've been here a few times now and have never been disappointed.  While the burritos may be Chipotle / fast food style, you can really taste the difference in their ingredients.  My burrito always comes bursting at the seems, and I usually get halfway through before reverting to a fork.
I also appreciate the presence of Jarritos Mexican sodas, with flavors like lime and guava, sweetened with real sugar.  One of the few sodas I really enjoy drinking.
The price is a little higher than I'd like for lunch, although I'm sure one burrito could cover two meals if you have the self control to stop eating one halfway, which I don't.
I love the spicy beef burrito with black beans, mild and mGreat alternative to chipotle or qdoba and right in my work area. Their holy hour specials are great too. Well worth it for the amount of alcohol they put in it.Much like the Washington Square location, this El Fuego provides perfectly adequate, freshly assembled simple Mexican food (burritos, tacos, etc.) in a casual setting.  It's basically like a locally owned Q'doba with a liquor license and fruity margaritas.
A major pet peeve of mine is their upcharging for for sour cream, guacamole and salsa.  Last time I checked, those are condiments.This place is good: very clean, nice staff, good Happy hour, nice TVs, and  a relaxing place to grab a quick bite with some friends.  
The food is good- not great, but no less than the typcial chain burrito place.  I recommend it.The best place to get Mexican outside of South Philly. It's not authentic Mexican, but everything I've had there is always good. Burritos and tacos are the way to go.Good cheap bite. Fresh ingredients. Simple. I don't usually like a slushy machine margarita, but their happy hour ones are pretty potent and good.Just not anything special. It's not true mexican, more like chipotle or q-doba. Except chipotle and q-doba are better. I've had burritos and bowls from here, and while they are fine, there's really nothing exciting about them. The rice, beans, and meat are pretty dull, the salsa doesn't have that much flavor. They do seem to have a decent happy hour (i've never been) but there are much better options for $8. If you want true mexican (on the cheap) try Taqueria Veracruzana instead, and if you want higher-end "east coast mexican" try el rey down the street.The BF and I were debating between this or Tampopo the other afternoon, and we ended up here. Lots of great things about the place, and only one minor problem. But then, of course, that negative aspect is pretty important: the food.
THE GOOD NEWS: staff was very friendly, and I was really impressed to see not just alcohol on the menu, but a good (though small... but come on, it's a burrito shop!) selection as well. The atmosphere was clean and inviting in its own way. The windows add to it a lot. It takes me about 3 minutes to inhale a burrito, but if you have the time to hang around, there's also a decent jukebox.
and THE BAD NEWS: the burrito definitely left something to be desired. Was it tasty? Sure. Would I want to go back regularly? Probably not. I had the vegetarian burrito and I agree with another reviewer, I think fried onions and peppers could have been improved upon. BF had the chorizo with no complaints, however. And call me old-fashioned, but I really think chips should just come with it, regardless of the burrito's size.
So all in all, food-wise I think it's what you'd expect, though the rest of the place is a good bet.Just as good as the 1st but doesn't have quite the same vibe. A good vibe none-the-less. I had the tacos. Steak, Chicken and my favorite (drum roll please.................) Chorizo.... god they were delicious. Speedy service, nice folks at the counter and beer. Yes. Beer. 
go get a Sol and a burrito. Tell them Flaco sent you. ( i dont actually know who the hell Flaco is.)The burritios at this joint are pretty good, if you like the football-sized, messy, type. It's nice that they have beer and margaritas, and I enjoyed sitting at the counter in front of the windows, tilted open to let in the breeze, for prime people watching. 
I just don't think that fried onions and peppers,  the cheapest of all vegetables, really qualifies as "good enough" for a vegetarian burrito. Get something more interesting! Maybe squash and zucchini, or carrots, or even eggplant and mushrooms. Anything! And the "very spicy" salsa is a misnomer. I had to dump hot sauce all over my burrito. Perhaps because the general flavor of everything was dull?this place is moderately priced, quick (chipotle assembly line style), and very very close to my apartment, which is why i come here.  the food is good, but nothing particularly special (in all fairness though, i am from california where mexican food is bountiful, delicious, and cheap!).  
i wish they gave more guac per order and put more salt in it. i find mexican restaurants in philly to be very stingy with guac serving sizes. i understand that its because of basic economics (supply is lower out here compared to CA), but i always feel a little gypped when i get a teeny tiny container of guac to go.  besides the guac, they are very generous with the portion sizes here.I enjoyed my steak quesadilla from El Fuego. I got it with the green salsa (loved this salsa -boy, did it have a nice spice kick!). I was on the run and I got this to-go, so I couldn't enjoy the almost bar-like ambiance of El Fuego (it was happy hour then). My friend raves about their burritos, but he warned me if I got it I wouldn't be able to stop eating the 3 square meals a single burrito provides. I'd say I'd rather go here than the other mexican joints (e.g qdoba) because this seems more like a sit-down restaurant than a fast food mexican place. I'm not sure why since they have the same set up, but I think it's because of the alcoholic beverages and the recessed lighting. I'd come back if I was ever on the run again! My quesadilla I thought was a smidgen better than the other fast food mexican places, but not by a lot.Hmmm......I just don't know.
Stopped in for a quick takeout burrito the other day, and I was a little disappointed, actually a lot.
First the place itself.  Again hmm....I reallyh don't know what they were going for.....it's rather dark in there, the tables look industrialish, which can be cool, but it reminded me of a lunch room.  There was nothing on the walls.  A long jukebox at one side, which was sorta cool in an old school sorta way.  At first I thought they were still in the moving process, but I think that's it.  However I did like the windows, which opened up letting air inside, that was sorta cool, lol.
Okay more disappointing was the burrito.  I was expecting something a little amazing that what I got, since this place isn't really a big chain like Qdoba or Chipotle.  But man was I wrong.  I got the spicy beef burrito, which was just plain beef to my taste buds.  I had even asked the girl who made it to give me the hottest dressing, and yet it was lacking.  I must say I like my food very spicy in general.  But this was weak.  It is very large, I must give it that, but in this case size doesn't matter, taste does.
If there was hype about this place opening up, I don't see why.Went here for the first time for lunch today - I'd say that it was a lot more like Chipotle than I really expected, except the signs advertising the happy hour margarita and beer specials. The chicken burrito (the food I judge all new Mexican food places by) was good - standard black beans, rice, salsa, cheese - the chicken had a bit of a kick, which was nice. Overall, it's a step up from Qdoba and a good city alternative to Chipotle.I don't know what's with all the haters, but El Fuego has delivered a pretty tasty serving each of the five times I've eaten there so far. Sure, it's not the greatest I've had, but considering the value, it's an all right place to get a quick Mexican fix for lunch in center city. I'll probably always get the spicy beef - deliciously juicy shreds - admittedly not very spicy, but good nonetheless. The chorizo is all right, maybe a little overcooked for the way it's done, little cubes that are pan fried, skin on. The set of 3 hard tacos or the burrito filled with spicy beef is surely the most bang for your buck and, believe me, you'll see me there time and time again, sitting at their bar with the open windows scarfing down a burrito and people watching.It's like Chipotle but way, way worse. The food is surprisingly lacking in any sort of distinguishable flavor - even the hot salsa was bland. The tortillas were chewy and tough and cold. Something about the texture was all wrong. Even the atmosphere felt like a worse version of Chipotle: similar dressed-down concrete floors and southwestern-y tables, except here the tables all felt oddly sized and somehow mis-laid out. 
They do have booze and Mexican food, though, in a part of town that doesn't have enough of that combination. And I think I could see myself coming here with a small group of people, splitting some chips (which looked good though I didn't get them), and getting a couple cheap drinks on a random Friday happy-hour whim. It doesn't seem like a place to settle in, mind you, but for the quick drink/appetizer way to end a week... enough potential coupled with my bad experience to keep it at two stars for now.I've been here a couple times, and I want to like it, but it's really just not that great.  I've tried all the different meat options, and none of them are that great.  I guess maybe if you only want beans in your burrito it could be ok.  I do like the space though, and the fact that they serve beer and margaritas.  If I had to eat here, I'd go with the crunchy tacos filled with spicy beef.I must start by saying that this is THE WORST "Mexican" Food I have ever tasted!!!!!  Mi Tia Margarita, (in Chicago) would crumble with Shame, if she ever found out that I actually PAID ($7.29-including tax for three soft shell "TACOS" ) for such Garbage!!!!  The only thing Mexican about this place is the Name!!!  Everything tasted like it came from a CAN.  The beans were hard!  The Veggie taco was: red onion and green pepper and FAKE Guacamole!  The sour cream was so runny, my boyfriend thought that it might be bad.  There were NO FLAVORS nor SPICES that let you know you were eating anything remotely Mexican.  NOT "SPICES"- like Heat from hot peppers, but "SPICES" that are used in Mexican cuisine!  I would have satisfied my desire for Mexican food had I gone to TACO BELL!!!!  El Fuego left mi with a BAD AFTERTASTE, HUNGRY stomach, and a $7.39 Lesson!  Look for GOOD Mexican food ELSEWHERE!!!!!  ANYWHERE.... in 9th Street in South Philly......Or, if you want TACO BELL--it's better AND CHEAPER!!!  AND they have REFRIED BEANS!!!!!Ordering a burrito at El Fuego is not unlike getting a burrito at Chipotle. If you squint your eyes, you could easily be fooled by the counter. Unfortunately, the food is not as flavorful as Chipotle, however it is still better than Q'doba, making El Fuego a good alternative for the work lunch crowd. They do have one advantage over Pennsylvania's Chipotles: beer and margaritas. The sign outside even advertised a happy hour from 4-7. I'd recommend checking it out after exhausting some of Center City's better options.Since I am now working about a block away I will be going here more often.  Today I got a burrito bowl with chicken and it was, indeed, good ($7.50 including tax) - but when I asked for guacamole on it she told me it would have been $2.00 more - WHAT????
Their guac is good - but not $2.00 good.
If I am feeling less lazy and MUST have a burrito - I'll trek down Chestnut Street a few more blocks to Qdoba.I'm a huge fan of qdoba and chipotle, and this place is very very similar except they serve alcohol here.
Their happy hour deals are incredible. From 4-7 you can get 3 dollar margs (4 dollars for specialty flavors) and chips and guac are only 2 dollars. 
The food is comparable to the other fast service style burrito places, but if you're in the mood for some pretty strong margaritas to eat with your meal, this is the place to go.OK, call me a peasant - but I liked my Naked burrtio (with the same mix of ingrediants) at Qdoba better than here.  And it was a bit cheaper - and a LOT more caloric.
El Fuego has done a great job re-doing the space with classy stools & a HUGE flat screen TV which was tuned to ESPN-HD.  
As I alluded to, I ordered a Bowl-burrito with Steak, Black Beans, Rice and Guac ($2.25 extra for guac by the way) and the mild pico-type salsa.
It was very tasty - but the guac was LOADED with lime juice to the point of  tasting sour.  (I guess all that extra lime juices helps retain the vibrant green color of the guac.
I dunno.  I think I will be back - as I enjoy the shorter lines and less frenetic pace of El Fuego - but Qdoba is a hard addiction to break.
I am glad they are open, though.  WE need more choices in this area.  (By the way - they are not at 24 & Chestnut.  The address seems wrong to me.)  They are at 21 and Chestnut.
Oh - and somehow they wangled a liquor license.  They serve beers and FROZEN MARGARITAS.  I couldn't have one - as I had to return to work - but one lady nearby was drinking one and it looked fetching.
P.S.  The also serve a lime-chicken-ginger soup which I would like to try one day.  (You can't get THAT at Qdoba.)If I wanted Chipotle/Qdoba I would have gone there. Was expecting more from this place.Really liked this place. As familiar with the menu as chipotle (im sure they're sick of being compared to them, but it's laid out nearly identical) but with some nice additional options, eg chorizo. Jarritos sodas available too. Very good food, would definitely return.Delicious food! Fast service! I cannot say enough about this place. It is our go-to place for a quick, yet delicious meal. We typically get the salad and the burrito, and we are never disappointed!This place can suck it and blow me at the same time.  That's not a compliment, by the way.  I don't know why I keep getting food here.  Oh, yeah, because I'm too lazy to go to the Italian market to get actual mexican that doesn't suck my non-existent balls.  I've had tacos and burritos, and they're just ridiculous suck.  I already have heartburn from the chorizo, and I don't get heartburn from chorizo.  Cheese and sour cream do not go in tacos.  Also, your tomatillo salsa is lametown.  Basically, yeah.  They are the suck.  And I hope I don't go back sometime in the next week.  Or ever.El fugeo is to Qdoba what Goodburger is to Five guys.
More expensive, less tasty and trying really hard to be trendy. 
I ordered the hard shell chicken tacos. I think it cost me about 8 bucks with a bottle of water.  The chicken was seasoned well but cold since they didn't heat it up when i ordered. The shells were extra thick and hard to eat. The whole taco just didn't come together for me. 
I did like the atmosphere, black tables, wood floors. Very clean looking and chic. Dance music pumping from the jukebox. It felt like a trendy new bar.
Except it was 1:00 in the afternoon on a work day and I was depressingly sober. So yeah, that's a little awkward.
I'm giving them an extra star for serving booze. But I'll stick with qdoba.It seems a lot of people like this place but every time I decide to give it another try, I come away feeling like I paid too much.  The burritos are just ok -- today the person who made mine didn't take much care to distribute the fillings so I had big clumps of beans on one side, salsa on another, cheese on another... you get the idea. For this price in a quick lunch joint, the food should be better. I'm much happier paying these kinds of prices around the corner at Tampopo.I decided to stop in here for lunch per reviews claiming it was better than El Rey. El Rey has quickly become one of my favorite Philly restaurants, so that's a lot to live up to. I went in around 1pm and it was actually pretty packed with businessmen on their lunch break, so I figured it was something good. 
From what I heard, I thought there would be something special about this place. Maybe different kinds of sauces, salsa, or something other than the run of the mill burrito/taco/quesadilla? Nope. This is just like Qdoba or Chipotle, and frankly I think both of them are better. I got a chicken burrito bowl with rice, black beans, pico, "hot" salsa, sour cream and lettuce. The salsa was not hot at all, and everything else was pretty bland. I was hoping to get some guac but skipped it when I learned it was an extra $2 on top of my $7.50. Nothing special about this place. If you want fast mexican, go to Chipotle, and if you have some time, definitely check out El Rey instead.Running late. Need fast fresh food?  Like Mexican.  Go here.  And the guys there are coolIt ain't bad, but if you've had Chipotle, this place is a serious disappointment.  Everything inside of it is a ridiculous clone of Chipotle, from the interior decor to the layout of the food to the actual food itself.  Problem is that it doesn't taste half as good as Chipotle and it's not as fresh.  When it's not busy be prepared for room temperature meat.  Tasteless white rice like you're in a Chinese restaurant.  Nothing is seasoned exceptionally well and the salsas are watery.  Roll that up in your burrito and smoke it.  
Do yourself a favor - get in a cab, spend 5 bucks, and go to 39th and Walnut and eat at the new Chipotle.  It's the real deal for all you Philadelphians that have never experienced it.  By the way, Qdoba is crap too so don't even think about eating there.We walked by on our way to dinner at El Rey last night and saw some folks enjoying tacos and tecate at their outdoor seating.  Thought we would give it a try, and I'm so glad we did!  No frills, fresh tex-mex at an outside table with a cold beer was exactly what I was (and am often) in the mood for!  They add fajita style veggies to their vegetarian tacos and pile on the toppings!  I couldn't pick the tacos up to eat them, but I wasn't complaining.  The inside feels a lot like a Qdoba only there's a juke box and flat screen tv.. and the adult beverage offerings, of course, which are not limited to beer and margaritas.  A welcome addition to the neighborhood and a great spot for a low-key and inexpensive ($10 per person) dinner.  We'll definitely be back!This was my second time eating here and the food is just right. I was on break from CPR class and wanted to grab something quickly that wasn't pizza or Wendy's and this place was right around the corner. I had the vegetable burrito and it was really big and good. Another cool thing about el fuego is that they sell beer!  I was tempted, but I had to keep things serious. All in all, a complete meal will probably cost you around $10 here, but you get a lot of warm food and the atmosphere is good.  They accept credit cards including Discover.  Next time I come to see a show at the Church, I can see myself grabbing food here beforehand.Good food. Good service. Nice dining area with outside seating. Good Marg's. Cheap. whad else do ya want, a back rub! Ummm, that would be nice. 
Go to this place. All those goods add up to great.I tried them for lunch, very good.  They have the same sort of ordering style as Qdoba(Subway), assembly line, but the finished product is so much better tasting than the former.  The freshness certaintly comes through in the burrito I had,chicken.  The staff was friendly and efficient, I am excited to try them again.I like El Fuego. I am giving them two stars, because I think in comparison to many other places in the city, the food is only okay. But I stop by frequently with friends to get some cheap food & margaritas. A run-down:
-The burritos are good, but HUGE. A little too much.
-I like getting three soft tacos-- a little smaller, and I can vary the filling. Although on occasion they mess up the spices for the chicken, so I tend to stick with veggie and chorizo.
-They put too much cheese in the quesadillas, but you can ask for less.
-The guac is good, but it costs extra unless you get a vegetarian item (in which case it is usually free, although not everyone working there knows this).
-The margaritas are only worth it at the happy hour price. They're fun, but not particularly good. They are very inconsistent with the amount of syrup they add, so the flavor can be too strong or too weak, depending on the day.
-The people who work there are pretty friendly, although they can be a bit difficult to communicate with if you need to ask for something specific.Great place to go if you are looking for a place that is quick, (kind of) cheap, and fresh. Also you can eat there in your slippers and no one even cares (my friend did this because she is an idiot).
Do not order the tacos for lunch if you don't want to go into a food coma and sleep under your desk. You get 4 tacos and if you ask for 2 or 3, they will still charge you the same price.
I was surprised to find they have happy hour here - $2 guac and chips, $2 draft beer, $4 margs. Good deal.I like El Fuego just fine, especially for a quick dinner and drink before a show at the First Unitarian.  I've only had their chorizo burrito, but it is always big and very tasty, with a pretty decent amount of meat.  The only thing I don't like about the food here is the fact that the hot salsa uses smoked peppers of some sort (probably chipotle) to supply its heat and I'm not crazy about the smokiness.  The margaritas are ok, if a little sweet and not always well blended with the flavoring syrup.I like that there is a decent jukebox. I like the they have a few beers to choose from and of course margaritas. I like the location and the hours. Unfortunately, though, the food is really mediocre. I'll take Qdoba over El Fuego any day. No joke. Get some decent food and we'll talk.I love their tacos!  I love them so much that I haven't been able to bring myself to order anything else at El Fuego.  There's something about the spice they cook the chicken with that keeps me coming back.  Also the spicy salsa is awesome, tasty and not overpowering.  Some people like their mexican food to set their mouths on fire but not me.  I like being able to enjoy the spicy flavor so this place is perfect for me.  
Their happy hour is only ok (margaritas are from one of those smoothie margarita machines) but the drinks are cheap.This is my go-to dinner destination when I'm too lazy/tired to cook real food.  Burritos are good, if not always expertly assembled.  Chips are tasty if you are eating them earlier in the day; if it's after 7-8pm, beware! because they've been sitting, in their little basket, on a shelf for a couple hours.  I like the guacamole, although I enjoy a heavy hand with the lime.  Bottom line: dinner for $8, no effort, and I can get a margarita if I'm so inclined.  I just wish they were open later.  El Fuego forever!Gummy burritos, soggy quesadillas, guacamole that tastes like it got squirted out of a glue gun, and pre-mixed Margaritas from a Slurpee machine. You know, Mexican food is, at least on the burrito/quesadilla end of the scale, pretty simple stuff. You have to be really lazy to make it come out this bad.El fuego over chipotle any day!  Only critique: chop the vegis up a little smaller.  The chicken, steak and chorizo are delicious!I used to live right by the Fuego by Washington Square and was a frequent customer. This one offers the same good, overstuffed burritos, which are in the same style as Chipotle's and Qdoba's, but I believe to be much better.Totally ridiculously overpriced and really just not that good. 
The total for two veggie burritos and two beers was $24!! Crazy.
The burrito wasn't even very tasty. The salsa, even though we asked for hot, barely had any sort of spice, and the only veggies that were in there were a couple of pieces of sauteed onion and green pepper. Not very imaginative.
Plus it started falling apart as soon as I peeled off the top of the tin foil.I went on a rainy Saturday afternoon because it's so close to my apartment and I was craving a burrito. 
The place wasn't crowded so my boyfriend and I were served right away. It's similar to Chipotle and Qdoba in that you order (tacos, burrito, etc.) and your food is assembled in front of you as per your preferences (choice of beans, salsa, cheese, lettuce). The chicken looked tasty so I got a chicken burrito, with no beans, cheese, lettuce, and mild salsa. The burrito was good and not very spicy at all. 
The happy hour looks good - cheap margaritas and beer from 4-7pm on weekdays. Since I would be drinking later that night, I didn't order any alcohol but will definitely be back for drinks during happy hour. 
All in all this place was decent. I certainly prefer it over Qdoba but not over my beloved Chipotle. (I like that Chipotle's meat is really spicy!) The burritos are around $7 and worth the price.Have you ever known that having a good meal would soon be difficult to come by. So you have the opportunity, on your last day for a few to have something you love.. this was my situation when I decided to go to el fuego. Today ( I went yesterday ) I'm getting my last 2 wisdom teeth removed. So I decided to have one of my favorite foods ever, a vegetarian burrito! Instead of going to one of my usual places I yelped burritos and saw that el fuego was around the corner. I went in .
. It happened to be happy hour. Which meant 2$ chips & Guac , which was actually terrible, the chips were lackluster and the guacamole was missing something. The Burrito was OK, they don't know how to wrap a burrito so it doesn't close properly. I stood in line. was asked the type of beans I wanted and then the girl behind the counter just decided that I of course wanted chicken so that's what she gave me.. So I said I didnt ask for chicken... she said " YOU don't want chicken?" I said NO, so she said sorry what kind of burrito you want, I said vegetarian, and you know she had the nerve to try the chicken off the tortilla and make me a vegetarian burrito with that? Then I had to tell her I DONT eat meat, and even if I did that's not acceptable . At that point you'd think I'd cut my losses and walk out, but for some reason I did not. HA! I get to the end the guy says for here or to go I say to go because I knew I wasn't going to eat the entire thing so I wanted a bag, I then ordered a strawberry margarita. The guy who you pay said we only make the margaritas for eat in customers, I said I am eating in, and he said oh I thought you said to go.. blah blah.. he got all pissy because he couldnt understand why someone would want a bag. It was mediocre. 4$ frozen eh not bad I'll get over it . 
In general their service is terrible, their prices are cheap, and their food is mediocre at best. none of those are reasons for me to go back.Love this place. Only problem is they were cash only today so luckily my coworker could spot me.  Had the chorizo (sp?) burrito and added hot sauce. Yummy!After going back a few times since my first review I have decided that this place is good. Hell its great. But its overpriced. By a lot. I don't care to pay the rent here. That's what your paying for with your $9 burrito. Its not the ingredients, its the rent.
I will stand behind the quality all day. This place has some good fuckin Mexican.I walked in from a very cold day, hoping to warm up from some spicy mexican food. I thought the decor was nice. I ordered a spicy beef burrito. I got the hottest salsa, and it wasn't very hot at all. I thought the beef was amazing though. It was a pot-roast type meat, and was delicious. The burrito was very soggy and messy however. Overall, I thought it tasted really good. It was also expensive for a burrito, IMO. Like 8 dollars.The saving grace of this place? It's open until 10pm everyday.
As for the food, the chicken was dry. The quesadila wasn't cooked long enough. My friend didn't complain about the burrito but it didn't look all that great either. I'd agree that it's about on par with Q'doba. But hey, if you're hungry and want to get full in Center City on a Sunday night when everything else's closed, then El Fuego is your choice. More like luke warm versus on fire.This is a weekly lunch haunt of mine. The ingredients are always fresh and the food flavorful. The staff is nice. It's around the same price of all the other Tex-Mex eateries. It's quick simple and easy.El Fuego this is the last straw. I was so excited when this new locale opened up. You advertised being open 7 days a week 11am-10pm. I was so excited. So last night my friend and I stopped by at 9pm. The door was locked and a bunch of the staff were sitting at a table watching a soccer game. That's cool if you wanna do stuff like that BUT PUT A SIGN IN THE FRIGGIN WINDOW don't rely on the girl to make a death at the neck hand gesture at me and make my friend and I who were delusional from hunger stumble over to Irish Pub. Yes, that's how delusional we were, fear not dear reader after a beverage we decided NOT to eat there.
El Fuego we are over. That's it give me my keys back and try to keep the drunk dialing to to a bare minimum.After reading a few reviews the other day, I decided to pop over to El Fuego for some cheap margaritas and a bite. My first discovery was that the place was more fast foodish than I was expecting. My second discovery was that the margaritas only come frozen, which basically equates to about a zillion calories each. I got my cheap frozen margarita and some chips and guacamole and settled in to watch some March Madness hoops while waiting for my friend.
I actually loved the guacamole, which had a ton of citrusy lime flavor. I always like a little bite to my guac, though. The chips were decent enough, but the hot salsa was more like a hot taco sauce - I should have asked for some pico instead. My margarita seemed pretty weak, but it was hard to tell through all the sugary sweetness.
About twenty minutes in, a homeless man wandered in, sat down at the table next to me, and proceeded to yell at the TV for a solid ten minutes or so. No one did anything. In fact, no one seemed the slightest bit fazed, which I thought was really strange.
Clearly, my expectations of El Fuego were something far above what the place actually is: A fast food burrito joint along the likes of Chipotle, only with a liquor license. Bottom line, skip the alchy and take your order to-go.Burrito wise I'd give it a three, since it doesn't really go beyond what you can do at Chipolte and Qdoba. But since it also hooks up adult beverages and a pretty damn good happy hour I'm inclined to go with a four.
quality wise El Fuego had the same assembly line production that Qdoba has, only it had them in a slightly better atmosphere. upon trying my Burrito I could have even sworn that it had the same exact taste to boot, although the fact that it was a little cheaper made it a good deal - technically. While I liked the fact that the majority of the burritos were the same price meant that I could get a steak burrito on the cheap side, I'd be a little steamed if I was a vegetarian.
The awesome deal by far was their happy hour. along with my Burrito I got to enjoy a frozen margarita for $3! it was nowhere near the margarita's at either Cantina. but for a mix made margarita it got the job done. Their Happy hour also hooks up $2 domestics, half off chips and guac, and $4 blood orange and other fruit flavored margaritas. So if you're down with that then you'd best give it a try between 4-7 on weekdays.I will walk through rain, sleet, and snow to get to El Fuego when the mood strikes. I love the burrito bowls, their soup is fabulous on a cold day, and they will let me order only one taco if I feel like it.
The guys who run the shop are super friendly, too. My office has ordered a couple hundred tacos for an event and they delivered all of the supplied (just make sure you or someone you know rations this stuff out, it goes quick). I've also coordinated happy hours here: $2 tacos and $2 beers. Not bad!
This is a great place to get lunch to go, sit down and relax, and even host events here. Good food, good people, good vibes!The best burritos in Philly served by the best staff in Philly. This is the reason they just celebrated their 15th year serving Philly. Burritos, tacos, quesadillas and soup, they have it all.   I always get a burrito bowl and it is always so good. Everything is so fresh and served so fast. If you stop by and see a line all the way to the back of the restaurant, don't leave you will have your order in no time. It's always fresh and always fast.Writing a recommendation because that is what I look for when reading reviews 
El Fuego has the best shredded beef of all places I've tried...."never fails" order for me is naked burrito  (small tortillas on the side, so you can make another later with the large amount in the bowl)
White rice, black beans, shredded beef, lettuce, cheese, guac with mild and spicy salsa 
Mild is chunky with fresh diced tomatos & onion, spicy is flavorful. Now . ..... just wish they delivered!!!got a chorizo quesadilla here today. meh.
kind of saddened by lack of toppings (from what I saw).  the chorizo was pretty ok, kind of tough.  my friend got soft tacos.  so much water and so drippy.  very saddened :(Gotta love spontaneous Yelp finds :-)
El Fuego, bless you, for the freshness of your ingredients and the lovely Mexican sodas.  
I had a fascinating food adventure as it was my first time eating four tacos, each containing a different meat.  What a cool taco-making guy he was!  The adventure was also a risky one because I have not eaten a taco outside the comforts of my home (where I find tacos to be sacred) since...?  I do not regret any bite at El Fuego.  I just wish that the flavors were more like POW-POW.  No, I don't mean an elevated spicyness level (I'm a whimp anyway), but I mean perhaps, hmm, tacos whose tastes are not completely meaty?  Hmm, perhaps I also didn't have proper sides.
I will come back to prove myself wrong.Wonderful place to go for lunch, especially if you're in the area East of City Hall. Service is always courteous and quick. The food is consistently good. There is always soccer on the flatscreen TV. I've been going here for lunch for the past 9 years now and have always been satisfied. Hence the 5 stars.To me El Fuego is almost identical to Chipotle (right down to the red baskets). The food here is fresh and delicious, but not special enough to go out of your way for.I was a regular last year when I worked nearby... always a good place for a nice, fat, reasonably priced burrito.Easily the worst burrito I've ever had, the morons there don't know how to wrap and everything tasted sour.  Basically a super low quality Qdoba with less options and a higher price.This place just reminds me of another chipotle and qdoba... except not as good. The menu options are generally the same, but parts of my burrito were cold while others were hot. It was quite unappetizing.  Not really a place worth checking out.I'm a unhappy that they charge the same for a veggie burrito as one containing meat, and I sometimes find it comical how bad they are at rolling a burrito...
but the ingredients are fresh and tasty, the shop is cute, and this being Philadelphia, El Fuego is miles better than the competition.  Especially the competition right down the street...I've been to El Fuego for lunch about a half dozen times now. The place is almost always busy, yet my friends and I always manage to find a place to sit. The food is made super quick, and I've never waited in line more than 5 minutes or so (which is saying something, considering how long the lines are).
I really like the food. It tastes fresh and delicious, and I feel like I am getting my money's worth.
For a Center City lunch joint, you really can't go wrong with this place. Food is hot, fresh, and quick and reasonably priced for the area. What more could you want?Had a wonderful lunch today at El Fuego.  Quick service and great tasting burritos...what else could you ask for.
Coming back again and make sure to try the spicy beef!I pretty much only come to el Fuego because it's a lot closer to my office than chipotle. I prefer chipotle. They have more options and give you more food for less money. 
But the food has always been good here. Sometimes the workers are pretty grumpy during lunch time, which I totally understand with the line they usually have in there. It's okay, not fantastic.This Burrito place is good, though it does not beat Chipotle both in quality and price. I would choose chipotle over this and all the people who have eaten at both the places will agree with me on this. 
One major advantage is its location and quick service. There is no other burrito place close to this. Food does not taste as good as chipotle may be due to the ingredients they use. They are not that fresh. 
It costs almost $10 when compared to $6 at Chipotle with lot of options.After my friend telling me to check this place out for months, I finally managed to sit down with a burrito from El Fuego. Now, I have never had a burrito in California. But I have had burritos from chain restaurants with the same concept like Qdoba and Chipotle. Now, if those chains too make a Californian burrito, and I was to compare them, El Fuego wins hands down. Their is a sort of simplicity to the burritos they have. Not overloaded with exotic cheese sauces or odd salsas, the burritos here are simple, hearty, and clean.Big. Fat. Burrito! i crave BFBs pretty often. weekly, at least. this one was generous on the cheese and had fresh lettuce. the spicy salsa couldve had more of a kick to it but overall a good choice if you're in the neighborhood.El Fuego is the burrito destination for me. I'm a huge fan of the big burrito fast food style and I've eaten at just about all of them across the Eastern US. 
El Fuego does a great job of keeping it simple. They do your basic burrito, quesadilla, taco, or burrito bowl. The quality is great, they are fast, and if you are high-tech like me, you will appreciate that they accept Level Up as a payment type. 
Minus one star for being slightly on the pricy side for a burrito place. Also, the past time I visited my burrito was slightly on the cool side. That's once out of about ten visits. 
Give 'em a shot!Ordered on UberEats cause I really liked the prices of this place but the quesadillas were kind of lack luster both times I got them. I tried the chicken which I didn't like at all. At the steak which were better but still kind of tough. All it was chicken and cheese and steak and cheese which I don't like wish It had more in it. Really like the chips and guac just wish the guac was a little bigger though cause I eat it so fast lol. Also wish they had pork tacos and burritos.this is the best place to catch a premiership soccer match.  the chips and salsa are really good too.In my never-ending quest to find the perfect Carnitas Tacos (see my last meal on earth), I was fortunate enough to stumble across El Fuego.  While unfortunately, they don't have Carnitas at all, I found a delightful treat in their hard-shell tacos-- I had Chicken and Chorizo tacos, and I've been there twice so far.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
El Fuego is discreetly nestled just up the block from Washington Square, in fact I'm surprised that I stumbled across it in the first place.  I would think it would be less than easy to just find El Fuego if you weren't looking for it, signage is not so prominent.  You walk in to see a fairly small, narrow layout, a massive line that can get sloppy sometimes (as in it lacks as formalized a process as Qdoba or Chipotle), and fresh, delicious Mexican food being served up in much the same way as the afforementioned chains.  You tell one of 3 or 4 servers what you would like on your food and they build it for you right there...it's not the best way in the world, but it works.  Oh yeah, and there's no outdoor seating, which they could totally benefit from, they really ought to do that soon.
THE FOOD:
Other reviews here claim some of the food is a little wet and messy...I LIKE THAT!  Hahaha, half the charm of Mexican food in my opinion is the cleanup job you get to do after you finish the main part off, almost like a second meal.  I thought the Chicken was pretty good, it didn't knock my socks off, Chorizo I don't usually eat, so I don't have much to compare it to, but I thought it was very good as well.  I would take El Fuego's tacos over Qdoba, but nothing beats Chipotle yet, except my Mom's special recipe!  They also feature a respectable beer offering, so you can enjoy a nice import from south of the border as well.  Their menu is run-of-the mill-- burritos, tacos, quesadillas.  That's about it...don't go there expecting some immersive experience, it's not authentic Mexican, it's Cali style Tex Mex...which I happen to love regardless.  Price-wise, it's a tad more expensive than other similar joints, but nothing to kill your wallet.
THE SERVICE:
Service is mostly attentive, although I am not 100% on the cleanliness of the whole operation...not that I have huge issues with that, but neatnicks might take issue with that.  Their ordering to process is relatively easy, although they could firm it up a bit (hey, at least it's not some exasperated worker calling numbers out, waiting for the absent-minded moron to come claim his grub by about the time it's reached room temperature).
THE VERDICT:
Seeing as how there isn't a Chipotle in Center City (yet...let's keep praying folks), I would happily go to El Fuego in the meantime, and I'd recommend it to lovers of American-style Mexican food.  I wouldn't recommend it to people worried about a messy meal, or who were looking for truly authentic Mexican experience.Yea this place is horrible.
The only people in this place were the people that worked there whom all seemed to be eating watching spanish soccer.
The way the burrito was made just ruined it to begin with
Chicken wasnt' that good and the whole thing just tasted bland.
I am still trying to find a good burrito spot in Philly and have yet to find one.
Save your self the time and just hit chipotle instead.Gee whiz, I'm insulted. I feel so pandered to as a burrito enthusiast. I would love to see el fuego set on fuego, I should have known better. You almost never let white people bring you ethnic cuisine. This place is way overpriced. $2.50 for a Jarritos? $2.50 to spoon a dollop of guacamole on my burrito? Shame on you for the blandest burrito I've had. The spicy beef was so tasteless and strangely textured I actually scooped it out of my burrito (a first!) and left it sitting in a freaky pile. The spicy salsa wasn't remotely spicy, either. Never should have come here. And the fact that they bill themselves as "California" style is an affront to my home state. Have you ever been to California? You can throw a stone in almost any city and hit a good burrito place. Don't go here, support local your local taquerias!The burritos are fresh enough, but the menu is quite limited.  Overall, very average with poorly wrapped burritos.  Not sure why anyone would go here instead of Santa Fe Burrito nearby.  Also not impessed by paying 7 for a veg burrito- you could do better!I don't understand how this place has just 3 1/2 stars.  Anyone I've ever brought to it has craved for it in a bad way.  The line out the door everytime I go (that thankfully moves really fast) sort of reconfirms my thoughts.
This is hands down the best taco/burrito shop I've ever been to.  It's not authentic but that's really not my barometer of good.  The fresh ingredients are superb. 
I am a vegetarian and I'm a huge crunchy taco fan if they're flavored and these are.  I'm usually not a Mexican fan because my stomach will KILL me for hours after I leave.  El Fuego leaves my belly happy.  And I always go for the veggie crunchy tacos that have peppers and onions and I get the pinto beans, the mild or medium sauce (sometimes both) and cheese and lettuce.  Fantastic!  
I hear the chorizo is amazing.  I will usually get these days the naked burrito, which simply means burrito without the wrapper.  That's a heck of a huge meal.  The quesadillas are fine but rather boring for me as a vegetarian, through no fault of El Fuego's.  I don't like guacamole but I hear theirs is amazing.  
Prices are cheaper than chain burrito places even AFTER they've raised them several times.  If you go in around happy hour, you can get beer and they play dance music.  
Service is always great.  Usually super cute as well, which we ladies know makes the food taste EVEN BETTER and despite the fact that it's always jam packed in there, they manage to keep it pretty clean.I got the chicken burrito bowl and was not impressed. The meat was nothing special and the salsas and toppings added no flavor.   The ambiance was dark and depressing, I went there at 7pm, and could use some more lighting. The owner or who seemed to be the manager was not really friendly and seemed overall annoyed when I was ordering.  I would not go here again.I don't understand how they stay so busy, I blame it on an overall lack of good Mexican food on the East Coast and especially in Philly. Ever since Chipotle opened up in Center City though this place has been less busy so that should tell you something.
Anyway, in the inhumane and terrible early pre-Chipotle era, I ate here almost every other day for a few months just because I lived next door, literally 1 door over in the apartment building and it was the easiest place to come get food after work.
I tried ordering the equivalent of my Chipotle staple but it didn't deliver here, and I had to try a few different things before settling big time on a chicken bowl with half of the things I would normally get. I also used to get a lot of guac and that was pretty decent, but they were always confused about the prices. I can't tell you how many times I ordered the EXACT same thing day in and day out but they somehow managed to vary my total between FOUR different prices. When I finally realized that it was evening out in the end I just stopped even bringing it up and trying to figure out what was going on.
I do like the fact that it's kind of a family joint but they also just let people kind of walk up behind the counter and start making their own food even with customers waiting in line and I thought maybe that isn't the best way to handle that.
All that aside, service was still friendly enough although very apathetic at times. They're the busiest at lunch and if you have a short break, make sure to come ahead of the rush. 
Taste wise-- I have a hard time giving them any real points. The food is just not good and just doesn't compare to Chipotle and yeah even Qdoba. The scale is Chipotle x10, Qdoba x2, El Fuego.
Sorry guys, but I'm glad you were there for me for so long and that you had good games on the TV every time. Time to move on!first off, if the guy asks: "want some hot sauce?" SAY NO! that junk will burn and clear your sinuses, at least they did for me. and those burritos? 2 can eat one. easily. they are so BIG and full. rice and beans and all the fixins. its BIG.  my highlight was drinkin' the pineapple soda. at the moment for the life of me i cant recall the name of the soda but i know they are great. very chill atmosphere, all in all a great addition to the awesomeness that is philly downtown. Happy Eating!First off, I just want to state that I am far from a Burrito Aficionado. However, I do thoroughly enjoy a well-made, balanced burrito. 
I cannot agree with 'Liz S.' more...she hit the nail on the head. I too REALLLYYY want to love it here, but I can't seem to do so. Hence the three stars. The people who work there are extremely blah. They're neither nice nor rude. They're just there. Like robots.  
I have to say, I can make a mean burrito at home, and maybe I am being biased, but it's better than El Fuego. If I'm in a pinch, sure, I'll run and grab one since they're only like $7 and take five minutes....except at lunch. The line is longgggggggg! Why!? Whatever.
The tortilla is definitely chewy. Not sure if it's how they're heating them up or the brand that they buy. Chipotle definitely has them beat.
As Liz said, the lettuce just doesn't taste crisp and clean. And to be honest, you can tell just by looking at it in the bit on the prep table. Sometimes, it's brown and wilted. Not good, El Fuego. Not good.
The meats? Well, this is where it gets weird. They're never hot (Except that one time I went for lunch. Probably because of the high turnover.). I would argue that the prep table (Or whatever the proper name for it is) is not at a proper temp, and if it is, the system is flawed. Now, I have never gotten sick, but I know for a fact that when I touch the meat (like 50% of the time) it's cool - not warm nor cold. Doesn't bother me...until I get sick!
Overall, this place deserves three stars in my honest opinion.The food here is good, but today I had very poor customer service, which I see reflected in a few other reviews as well.
I have gone here a few times. Today I went for lunch and I ordered a few things (picking up lunch for people at work).
When I ordered multiple things, the guy making the order signed in exasperation and rolled his eyes, like he was doing me a favor even serving me. Then I asked for "light on the rice" and he said "No, I'm not doing that, I'm making them the same" and before I could respond made both burrito bowls with normal rice (I asked for one light on the rice).
Then I tried to pay for the orders separately and the response of the cashier was a groan and the sentence, "You're killing me."
I'm not sure what the difference is between me ordering multiple items, or multiple people being in line ordering a single item, but apparently ordering multiple items here is not okay.
Like I said, the food is good, but in my opinion life's too short to surround yourself with people who are negative for no reason. I was polite the whole time, but made to feel bad simply because I ordered food. I'll go elsewhere from now on.Good stuff, comparable to chipotle. Nice eating atmosphere. Would come back if im in the area again!The food was decent -- I am a Californian, so used to really good Mexican food. I have no knocks on the food -- it tasted fresh and was decently seasoned. That being said, when my daughter and I walked in, we got the most obnoxious service from the two behind the counter that I felt compelled to leave zero tip. When we arrived, we took a few minutes to look over the menu on the wall. One of the guys asked-- a bit impatiently-- if we knew what we wanted. I smiled and said that we hadn't decided yet. He gave us a patronizing, annoyed smile, like we were maybe holding him up from more important things. When prepping our orders, once or twice we had to ask him to repeat what he had asked please -- again, barely tolerable facial expression. When we paid, the guy at the register never said thank you, just mumbled that our quesadilla would be coming as he walked away -- took me a minute to even realize what he had said. No smile, no thanks for coming. Rude. Rude. Rude.I was not impressed by this place.  To me it was like a Chipotle but with a fancier sign out front.  I got a spicy beef burrito and the beef was the only thing slightly different then every other boring burrito place.  Like a previous reviewer said, the menu is quite limited and in my opinion boring.  The food was decent enough but I wouldn't go back here again.Awesome food! Great spot! So convenient to walk to from all of the amazing historical attractions in the area! Very tasy... great flavors and owned and operated by a genuinely good guy!:Highly recommend! Try El Fuego! Awesome burritos!El fuego always has fresh ingredients, healthy employees and good service. Always a line during the week at lunchtime.  Menu in chalk.  Not too many tables & only 2 booths.everyone at work LOVES this place. best burritos around i hear. it was good, but not a-mah-zing like my coworkers say. the spicy beef was barely spicy, it was kinda cold, and not shredded enough for my liking. id come here again for cheap happy hour chips and guac tho!I live close to this place, so come here often after work for a quick burrito. Lunch hours are insanely busy so expect to wait in huge lines around then. Some of the reviews mention poor service, however, dinner time is not as busy and they're very friendly then. Best part about this place: they have a chorizo option for burrito filling. Otherwise similar to Chipotle and Qdoba. Nice selection of Mexican sodas as well (my go-to is mango or guava soda). They also accept LevelUp for payment which is a huge bonus since it's easy and you occasionally get discounts as well.If you ever get to Center City, Philadelphia, you've got to try the burrito here.  It blows away Chipotle or any other TexMex version.  My husband doesn't like Mexican food - which I've NEVER understood. This is the only burrito he'll eat.  The staff seems to be nice to the ladies... to guys they're more like, whatever... but the food rocks!CLOSED... I think? 
I used to go here all the time because I'm crazy about Mexican food and they're right around the corner from where I work. Back then, I might have rated them 3.5 stars at best.
Now, I really don't know. I tried calling them around 7pm last week (their hours are listed as being open till 9pm across the web and in their phone's voicemail) but no one picked up. I swung by today (again, around 7pm) and their sign said they'd be open till 9pm but everything was completely closed. No new signs or anything looking different otherwise.
Honestly, I don't know if they're still open for lunch - but, seriously, if you're gonna change your hours LET PEOPLE KNOW. And if you're closed for good or even if your hours have simply changed, AT LEAST put a friggin' hand-written sign on your front door. I'm hungry for chorizo near Washington Square Park and it's all El Fuego's fault.This place has really good burritos and the ingredients are very fresh. I also like the fact that they are always showing football--or soccer for you Americans!
But the place has horrible customer service. I mean horrible. They act like you are doing them a favor by ordering food! how could these people stay in business? do they get any training or do they think rudeness is IN? Anyways the help is killing this business.Fresh -I mean really fresh .  Get the chorizo burrito.  Strangley comfortable wooden stools.The burritos are wonderful the portions I love the service is great friendly service where they still- - one of the few places where they still seem to care about customer service especially in the burrito industry because many places you go the service is horrible while the food is great but El Fuego Nails them both love going there one of my favorite locations in town and very cheap and affordableSuper friendly staff. Very reasonably priced - ESP considering it is located in a tourist area. Everything looked really fresh. The green salsa was sooo good! I got two tacos - one hard, one soft. Both yummy!! Omg and they have REAL homemade horchata!!! :))) Que Rico!!! Def would come backSick burritos!  I had a chicken and chorizo burrito today and I was in heaven.  The chorizo has a nice little char to it that really gave the burrito a nice kick to it.
I have been here a few dozen times and the consistency of their food is why there is always a line there.  
I love burritos and this place takes a crap on the "other guys."Fresh ingredients assembled to order.   The spicy beef is delicious.  The salsa is fresh and spicy, just the way I like it.  It's a hearty portion that could feed two if you aren't exceptionally hungry.I love LOve LOVE their quesadillas, haven't tried anything else. I also had agua de horchata which is good too!Food is really good. Especially the Chorizo. But with the price increase and the seemingly less meat they provide, the place is going down hill. Over $10 for a burrito and drink is a little steep, especially since they've started giving less portions in the burrito and/or naked bowl. If the chorizo wasn't so damn good I'd give this place a 1 and go to Chipotle.They should have named this El Candle. Sadly, there wasn't any fire in my belly or in my head after eating here.  The previous couple of reviews were positive enough for me to give this place a try. It is kind of sandwiched between Tuscany Cafe and some other buildings on Walnut. The place itself was sleek with stainless steel, hardwood floors and pounding hip hop music playing.   The music annoyed me, not because it was hip hop, but because it was loud and the music seemed to reverberate up in the high ceilings. It made talking difficult to say the least.
I ordered 2 spicy beef and 2 chorizo crunchy tacos with an order of chips and guac to share with my buddy.  The guac wasn't overly spicy or flavorful. In addition, the chips were heavy and without much flavor on most of them. A few chips seemed to have some lime flavor crystals on them but not too many. I've had better chips at Qdoba and for far less than the 4 bucks for guac and chips. 
I was a little annoyed with the way they "constructed" the tacos. Shoveling all the toppings on like its a pizza instead of tacos was a little ridiculous. I know they were busy, but still, a few seconds more for some real effort? In fairness, the ingredients in/on my tacos were all pretty fresh.  However the spicy beef tacos weren't very spicy. In contrast the chorizo tacos were nice and spicy. The tacos were fairly messy so I had plenty of fork food after I was done.
Frankly I don't get why there were so many people there today except that 1. Its a Friday 2. It was a really nice day 
Go to Qdoba and save your money. Or take some time and go somewhere good.
Post note: I"m still tasting the chips hours later. Nothing like greasy corny aftertaste.Amazing spot for lunch. Quick, tasty and priced right. Portions are a good size and if you like a little kick in the middle of the day i'd go with the bowl with spicy pulled beef with spicy sauce and add a little extra Tabasco if your feeling up to it.In terms of getting a California burrito on the east coast, this is one of the closest restaurants I've found.  Being a native San Franciscan I find it hard to get a good burrito in Philly, but El Fuego has the formula right.  They stuff the burrito full and you're usually not hungry for more.  They just need to add some refriend beans and some yellow rice and they'll be on target.  Be careful, the hot sauce really is HOT!  Enjoy.Don't bother getting anything besides the burrito. The burrito is incredible. 
The people that work there are not the friendliest of types. 
Best burrito in Philadelphia.Far better than ...unnamed burrito chain restaurants. 
Fresh ingredients, solid service, and neat decor. They take levelup which is nice too. 
I wish they had natural soda rather than coca cola products, but the burrito's are marvelous. Yay food.So this is definitely something you have to be in the mood for.  The food is already cooked and hot, you decide what you want on your tacos.  I like the thought of El Fuego, but the options are limited & inside seating is also limited.  In a lunch crunch, this is a good spot.Really good burrito bowl that you can make into a salad and customize yourself.
Think of this as Chipotle, if their ingredients were DELICIOUS.
GREAT guac and chips.
Solid casual lunch spot.
Might be a line during lunch.Better than Chipotle! The salsa is so flavorful! I ordered the 4 crispy tacos and got one chicken, one steak, one beef, one pork. They were all so good. Wish they had this place in NY! The only thing they can improve upon is placing the meat, salsa, cheese, and lettuce on the tacos. It's a bit messy. In terms of taste it's really good! Makes chipotle taste like a Taco Bell!Fresh, quick and delicious. Their burrito bowls are great and affordable at $7. The line is long at lunch but it moves very quickly. Definitely better than chipotle.I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE. 
I've been going here for years and ashamed that it's taken me SO long to write a review.  Ever since I tasted their fresh salsa and guacamole, I've rarely eaten at Qdoba, Baja Fresh or Chipotle since!  Everything at el fuego tastes like it was just made before you walked in and the long lines from 12-1pm each day is a testament to their delicious food.  
The atmosphere is hip, you can usually find sports or a cult classic like Goonies on the flat screens, the staff is friendly and the patrons are kind - I often eat here alone and never feel awkard sharing a table with others or sitting in the window people watching on Chestnut.  
Portions here are generous and it's moderately priced, as in you get what you pay for here...and them some!  
If you haven't been here, you must go!i love this place!  miss it.  used to go there 4 out of 5 days a week when i worked in philly.  it's  a very california burrito with fresh ingredients.  the guys behind the counter during the week at lunch are awesome.  really great guys who are fun and nice.  they get an extra star for that.   anyway, try the naked burrito with a chorizo and chicken mix.  YUM.Nothing fancy about this place. However, their chorizo rocks with the soft tacos. My only knocks on the place is a little pricy for a taco of $2.25 and a whopping $2.50 for extra meat. Ouch! I will come back because their food is fresh and authentic but just every other week. Mexican food is weak for the most part in Philly and I lived in California for 30 years so I think I know a little about Mexican food.My friends and I stumbled upon this little place while walking around Philadelphia for First Friday.  When I first walked in I was unsure how much I was going to like the food and the atmosphere.  There was rap music playing (off of the workers iPod) and there was a disco ball as the main source of light.  I became more worried that I saw a burrito was only going to cost me $6.95.  I thought, "That must be a terrible burrito if it is in the city and only cost $6.  When I began to eat I was surprised to discover that it was delicious.  It was not greasy or oily like so many burritos are.  It had a great combination of flavors and felt healthy.  It was so large that I couldn't finish it.  We also bought the chips (you have to pay for them on the side) but they were great as well!!  Next time I am in the city I will definately stop by this place for a quick bite to eat.Burrito includes rice beans bell pepper and salsa for $7.50. That is not a lot of variety for the cost. Also they charge extra for a bowl. I paid for chips and salsa but they forgot my salsa and charged me for guacamole. I asked for the receipt but they said they don't give out receipts. 
I recommend going somewhere else. 
Taste was okay too. Not much flavor.IT's OKAY.
Not exactly appetizing but nothing out of the ordinary.
Maybe i'm a little stuck up about mexican food because I grew up with authentic mexican food, but this just doesn't cut it all for me.
It's a good meal to have when you're strepped for cash and time and want something filling.... aand I guess it's a little healthier than the other fast food chains such as mcdonalds, but why bother?
Oh, but the ingredients DID taste fresh for the record.
Nothing to rave about here, and it tastes a little shallow.  I have only had the chicken burrito there though.Food was pretty delicious. More like a privately owned Chipotle which I was more than happy to support... Until the guy behind the counter yelled at me to get my attention instead of using manners and polite vocabulary. I've heard through the grape vine not to go too close to closing because they "get mad." Perhaps that was the reasoning for such short-tempered demeanor but....Overall: 4.5
Food (flavor, presentation, portion) : 5
Service (the frequency of waiter/waitress, the speed of the delivery for food, the treatment of guests) : 5
Ambience (the view, the location, the interior atmosphere and relevance to food, any theme etc) : 3
Price (the portion size and price comparison, comparison of prices compared to other similar restaurant, the total of dishes and overall price etc) : 5
I went on a business trip with my seniors and are staying in the Hilton Garden.
Food: I got the burrito bowl with black beans, sir cream, lettuce, rice and chicken. It was delicious and yummy. Reminds me of chipotle.
Service: Fast!! It got busy quickly after my colleagues and I came into the restaurant. 
Ambience: it was loud and crowded. Good location for business. 
Price: good for the food. 
Overall, I'd definitely come back again when I'm in the area.Good lord. 
The chips were stale; the guacamole was too acidic (it was more like an avocado ceviche for crying out loud); the burrito was tiny, the "spicy" beef was stringy, wet (???), and bland; the filling of the burrito consisted primarily of what seemed to be unseasoned white rice; the sour cream was watery; and the chorizo at least was flavorful, but had been on the line for so long it was dry as a bone.
I tried so very hard to find something about this meal that wasn't disappointing but I came up lacking. It's the worst meal I've had in Philly. What a waste.So finally got the urge to try this place again after my last unfortunate experience. The food was fine but they have completely scaled down their portions, where as a smaller female I didn't feel full. I won't be coming back.Enormous portions of fresh, delicious meats, veggies, and other fillings.  I dig the cilantro rice.  Decent prices, neat happy hour specials.  Tasty food, if a bit sloppily constructed and messy to eat.First, for everyone who says "it's the same as qdoba and/or chipotle" you can go there instead so the rest of us have somewhere to sit. While the concept is the same, (build your own burrito, taco, bowl, etc.) El Fuego is far superior to either of the above mentioned burrito bars. The ingredients are always extremely fresh and everything is delicious. Don't be discouraged by long lines, the guys behind the counter are lightening quick. Most people seem to get their burrito to go, but seating can be a bit tough to come by when it's busy. If it's your first time, go for the chorizo burrito. Burrito and a soda will run you just under $10, guacamole is an extra $2.Coming from California, I've had my share of good Mexican food. It is very difficult to find a decent burrito anywhere out here. El Fuego is as close as I've come in Philadelphia. Their burritos are huge and quite tasty. Far better than Santa Fe Burrito.I WANT to like this place, i really really do! I keep going back because they'er locally owned and the only other Mexican-ish places i can walk to from work are Qdoba and Santa Fe Burrito.
None of these options are what anyone would consider "authentic" Mexican, but they are all just a couple steps above, say, Taco Bell. However, i dont need authentic Mexican to make me happy. I love a tasty burrito! 
The problem i keep having with El Fuego is that i can't manage to get a tasty burrito. All the meat fillings are off. The Chorizo is too salty and the slow cooked spicy beef is stringy, bland, and not what i think anyone would ever call "spicy". Sure, you put enough sour cream, cheese, and salsa on shoe leather and wrap it in a tortilla it will be just short of delicious. But without a tasty meat option to ground the dish, i may as well just stick to Qdoba. It's closer.El fuego has great burritos.  The ingredients taste fresh and they usually are prepared great.  Sometimes though, I can say that they can get a little soggy with the salsa, bean juice, etc and ruin the tortilla.  The guac here is really good.  I usually get the chicken burrito with a nice mexican beer or a jarritos.  Way better than qdoba and a little better than Santa Fe burrito.Overpriced! Exactly like chipotle! 
I saw the meat getting cross contaminated with my own eyes! Not at all what it is hope to be!El Fuego's trying to be like Chipotle. But unfortunately, nobody can be like Chipotle. Chipotle's just so good for so little money. El Fuego gives you the exact same options - same cilantro rice, same customization, same look, but it just falls a hair short. It is good, it's just not Chipotle. But in an area with too few cheap lunch options, I'll keep going and getting my non-Chipotle burrito bowl and keep being just a touch disappointed.Best burrito place I've been to in the city; the tacos and quesadillas are great too. It's a little pricey but the food is great and you get a lot. They usually show soccer matches on weekends which gets them an extra star.The food is just ok, inconsistent in freshness is generous.  Poor serviceIts a real good Burrito yo!
Chorizo burrito what fuckin what! Nicey Spicy too. I recommend it. Also, they've got this naked burrito thing which seems to be all the rage. Seriously, this place had a line the rivals all the junk cheesesteak jawns and more then half the mutha fuckas in line got that naked burrito shiz. 
I like it. I like it alot. They have beer too. Aw. Fuggin. Yeah.A mini chipotle , I had soft steak taco which was fresh, tasty and filling, husband got burrito bowl which was the same.Prices are a bit higher than chipotle with smaller portions, but I believe in supporting local businesses instead of franchise restaurants and help them grow, so no complaints:)My office doen't have a microwave, so bringing food in is always a hassle.  I'm always out for a good deal for an afforable price in / near Olde City, and El Fuego hits it every time!
I love El Fuego and eat here at least once a week.  The staff is always helpful and friendly, and once you become a regular, they get to know what you like.  They treat everyone with respect, even though their assembly line process keeps you moving, so there isn't ever time to become friends with the staff.  
The food is fresh, served warm / at a good eating temperature right away.  They are situated right next to the park, so you can sit inside or outside, however you like.  They don't play loud music, so you can talk to your dining companion or read on your phone, or people watch as you're eating without trying to make yourself heard. 
It costs about $12 for a steak burrito bowel with 4 of the 7 fixin's.and a snapple drink.  The best part (for me) is that the quantity of food is large, so I get to eat the second half the next day, bringing the cost to about $6/meal.  Totally worth it, for the worker trying to eat in the city on a budget.Sometimes a person just wants a giant burrito. Human fact. 
We fondly refer to El Fuego as the closest Chipotle to our house. I don't mean it in a negative way a'tall... It's just a mighty similar dealy, except that you can have a Negro Modelo or a Pacifico for yourself . Everything is fresh, aight guacamole... and the guys who work there are always friendly. Totally good for a quick lunch, this place. Plus, you can, as I did recently, watch a muted episode of Miami Vice as Latin hip hop played in the restaurant. A-OK en mi libra.Great food & great location! Lunch was busy but no real wait. Service was super fast & friendly. Portions are the perfect size.
Similar ordering & price to Chipotle or Moe's. 
Very close to a lot of the historical sites in Philly, within walking distance! 
Will definitely be eating here again when I am next in the city!!