Amazing. I had a carnitas pupusa, chorizo taquito, a tostada with pork/chicken/cheese/guac and more, and a churro. Everything was perfect, and it came out fast. Bonus points for the churro and the taquito. Dayum. Stop what you're doing and go here now.Mayan chocolate Churro was 5.50 or 5.94 after tax. With tip about the same as a meal... But I'll admit it was good for the most part! Screens are awkwardly low and text hard to see, so everyone was crouching over squinting. The soft serve is a little icy and I'm not sure if the chocolate for the Churro was supposed to be drizzled on top rather than spatula'd on the side but it was fine.  Probably 5-10 minutes wait I would say.  I will visit again for the food!This place is amazing! Love the churros and ice cream, chicken tostadas, corn on the cob and iced tea. Definitely should try the food here. The homemade salad is the best ever. Gotta try the rice and salads next time, which look delicious.Excellent and affordable for a quick meal. Taquitos and beans were great. Excited to go back.Great food that you can't get anywhere else in the city! Everything I have ordered here is delicious. You need to try it!I was in the area and tried El Merkury yesterday for the first time. I have Celiac disease so I inquired about the food being Gluten Free. Turns out mostly the whole menu is Gluten Free by default. They use a dedicated frier for the corn based tortillas for the taquitos, pupusas, and tostadas. I got a taquitos and a tostada combo. The food was amazing! The pork tostada was my favorite. The plantain chips were very good as well. I have been craving this food since I ate there, I will definitely be back. I highly recommend El Murkury for a fast casual meal. You order at a kiosk and they will text you when your food is ready. Can't be any more convenient. I think we have a winner.Best kept secret in Philadelphia. Dinner was delicious but dessert was event better. Will DEFINITELY be back especially for the churros !!!Great churros, taquitos and tostadas. Try out galle abue one.
The owner was really nice and detailed about her dishes. It is also nice to see a native guatemanteca opening this restaurant.Interesting experience. I'm from Denver and found this spot on Yelp because of its eclectic fare. The food was decent - the best part was the churro. I was unimpressed by the service. I ordered three different combos and each order was made incorrectly. It was frustrating to pay nearly $20 for a single papusa, veggie tostada, plantain chips, corn, and a drink... and then not receive half the order correctly. Probably wouldn't go again but I'm happy I got to try it.I've debated leaving a review, but maybe I just need to come back. My food was just okay, but I think it was the time I went. Friday at lunch time gets busy, the place isn't huge, and I don't think a lot of people were working. My food wasn't bad, but it wasn't all that hot. A coworker with me made a comment that his food was kind of cold. Also, wasn't a big fan of how the food is served (cardboard box, paper forks). Maybe coming at a different time of day would be better.The ordering experience, while unconventional, was overall intuitive and easy. The people serving and preparing the food were quite friendly and eager to help with anything. 
The food, overall, was "good". My entrees were tasty, but the side of rice and refried beans could have been fresher. The churro w/ ice cream (tres leches) was AMAZING.
The price is a little steep for what it is. I'll probably be back at some point.Cute. I always think it's effective when you can go in somewhere and pay on your own, so it was nice to use an iPad to put in my order. It was hard to decide what I wanted, but I landed on the tostadas. It would be nice if the menu descriptions were in the iPad too, so I wouldn't have to look up at the written descriptions on the chalkboard while ordering, but it was OK. 
The food took kind of long to be prepared, but I figured they made it fresh. Overall, I got my chicken and pork tostadas with corn and rice in a semi-reasonable amount of time. It was cool to be texted when my order was ready and then sent my receipt by phone. The downside was, though the receipt was itemized, it didn't have a description of each of the tostadas. I admit, I didn't remember what kind of tostadas I ordered at first, and had no way of knowing because it only said '2 tostadas' (it doesn't refer to the toppings you ordered either. This is a small thing though, since the tostadas were good.
They also could maybe use some complimentary water off to the side. The food is spicy (as one would expect), and a dispenser of filtered water would be nice. I am not grossed out by tap water so I didn't mind the cashier going over to the sink and giving me some, but I know some folks don't prefer that.
Other than those things, I would go back. I overheard they were out of churros, but I'd love to give those a try as well.Came by as this has been rated one of the best quick lunch spots in Philly.  They have two touch screen kiosks to order your meal.  It's not as fast when you have a bunch of undecided folks trying to decide what to order!  Once you do order your meal, it is pretty quick as most items are pre-made and require some assembly. 
One of the few places that I'm aware of that serves Central American food.  Lots of street vendor items like taquitos, tostadas, etc. I got the combo where I selected a taquito and a tostada with beef.  
It's an extra two bucks for the meat and the combo comes with two sides.  Taquito was crispy and not oily.  The tostada was good and I'm glad I elected the meat option. 
They have 4-5 options to choose from. I elected for the cheesy corn rice and plantain chips   Chips were perfectly crispy and nice salsa on the side. The rice was ok.  I probably would've preferred the corn on the cob, but didn't want to get messy during lunch.  
Decent place. I was still a bit hungry from the meal. Portions are a bit on the smaller end.Great food with a perfect price point. Quick and easy, as well. Savory flavors and yummy options. Def worth checking out. I haven't had a churro, but they look amazing from when I have seen others order them.Wow!!! This place is seriously underrated and I'm just so glad I finally tried it after walking past it many times on my way down Center City. The decor of the restaurant is nice with bold colors and the whole vibe is very welcoming. They use self order kiosks which are great and very intuitive to use although a friendly lady did guide me through the options and recommended items to me when I asked which were the most popular. They served me the best churro I ever had with dulce de leche, cookies and ice cream. The churro itself was hot, cinnamony, crispy on the outside and airy and soft on the inside with a slight chew that I love. The dulce de leche was delicious and paired with the ice cream - every bite was heaven. 
I wish more people knew about this place because they definitely deserve the recognition. It's obvious that they have heart and take pride in what they serve. If you're looking for something sweet, this is a must try. You won't be disappointed!There are no pictures of the food, because I devoured it before I could think to snap a photo. It was absolutely delicious, and the staff was as friendly as can be. The decor was adorable. 
I found the place via a Philly.com article, and couldn't believe that it wasn't packed after I took my first bite. I'm not frequent Yelper, but this place inspired me to share my love to the world.Great food with a perfect price point. Quick and easy, as well. Savory flavors and yummy options. Def worth checking out. I haven't had a churro, but they look amazing from when I have seen others order.
I suspect it will be a huge hit over the summer during nights out when people are craving some quick, savory food after Happy Hour. 
EDIT: For those reviews that claim the price is a lot, you can eat an entire heaping meal for under $7. You're not going to get better prices in the Rittenhouse area (especially on Chestnut). The prices are very fair.Love the food...
It's really yummy and the location is good as well 
I tried a few things from the menu and everything was delicious... check it out :)This place is right by home so I decided to check it out and I'm glad I did. I've been back twice already and felt the need to write a review. The owner is a very nice woman who helps with orders from the kiosk if you have any questions. The food is flavorful, colorful, and authentic. The butternut taquito and elote are extra good. The portion of guacamole is so big and so good! I can't wait to come back hereRip Agno, you will not be missed! I'm so glad El Merkury moved in here!
The food here is great. I suggest getting the plate with two food options. They are all so good and you can get an entire cob of corn or plantain chips as a side for free with a meal! 
The taquitos are worlds ahead of the ones I eat at the gas station after a night of drinking. I prefer the meat options but even the vegetarian options are quite good! They are always running out of random things so I find myself trying their other offerings which are all good. 
All of their churros come with ice cream. The two go great together and is one of my favorite desserts. One time they ran out of ice cream and I had to eat a sad lonely naked churro. 
The water situation here is slightly suspect but I am used to drinking from the tap at home.I'll be back.
This place was great. 
I will definitely return here again and again to try everything on the menu.
Once I figured out the ordering system (there's a slight learning curve) I took a window seat and waited until my name was called. I got the spiced roasted squash queso fresco taquitos. The shell was toasty crisp and the squash perfectly roasted. It even had some pickled red onions on top which I loved. I also ordered a side of cheese baked rice with jalapenos and corn. I had no idea this was a thing. It was amazing, pure comfort and I will get this every time I go here. I may need to replicate this at home too if I can, it was that fantastic.
Finally I got an original churro. I love churros. To have a place that makes them near where I work is going to be dangerous. There is a whole churro menu of various types. I need to go back and try one of each. 
A new staple in my center city lunch rotation.Decorations/wall paintings look a lot like the one from puyero venezuelan flavor, why would you do that? Be original!This place is a great new addition to chestnut! Unique menu, fast and friendly service and the portions are awesome for the price- especially in center city. Try the Pupusas!! Would recommend trying it out if you're in the areaOn a recent business trip to Philly was led to this spot near  Rittenhouse Square by a local  for a much needed break from the cheesesteak overload I was having. And El Merkury turned out to be just what I needed.  Central American street food and it was delicious! 
The kiosk format was new to me but it was extremely easy to use and a very friendly staff member walked me through it. A few taps on the screen and minutes later my food was ready. 
The pupusas came out nice and hot  filled with the perfectly melted lorocco jack cheese inside. Accompanied by 3 perfectly crispy chile chicken taquitos. The super fresh salsa and pickled onions paired with both well.
I added a side of arroz con elote, which I had never seen before on a menu. So glad I ordered it, the roasted jalapenos and corn gave it the perfect heat and texture.
Then it came down to which churro I wanted. I went with a staff pick, the Galletas Abue, delightfully presented  in a loop standing in a scoop of rich vanilla ice cream. The churro was crisp, cinnamony and airy while the homemade dulce de leche was out of this world! 
So if you want some authentic Central American fare or just want to satisfy your sweet tooth with an amazing churro, this is the spot for you. Will definitely be back on my next Philly visit!So this place is relatively new but a great place to try. I absolutely adore the idea of the place, it's definitely different and I've never seen a restaurant in the area quite like it. I ordered 2 tostadas, one with chicken and the other with pork. You get to add things on top of it so I just added whatever looked good tbh. The tostadas weren't the best. I liked the retried beans but the tostada itself got soggy and the pickled beets that were on top didn't quite match. I felt like it was just a bit messy. I gave three stars because their churro!!! OMFG... it is quite possibly the BEST thing that I have ever tasted. It was perfectly sweet, it tasted fresh and it was just amazing. I would come back and order 20 of them in a heartbeat. Overall though, this place has a lot of potential. Can't wait to see it rise to the occasion.Mmmmm, yum!! I love everything I've had at this Guatemalan restaurant. I have Celiac disease and everything savory is safe for me and made in its own fryer. Also tons of yummy, filling options for vegetarians. I'm so done with grilled vegetable salad bowls. Yuck. Never again now that I can go to El Merkury. So glad this place moved to town.This newcomer brings Central American street food: pupusas, tacquitos, tostadas, and churros, to Rittenhouse.
We stopped by for a late afternoon meal on the opening day- Saturday, May 5. The inside is casual and spacious, with painted graffiti-esque decorations and bright yellow and blue accents. We were greeted by friendly employees who patiently and knowledgeably guided us through the options. We placed our order at the self-service screens at the counter: a pupusa tacquito combo (1 each + 2 sides, $10) and an order of tostadas (2, each with up to 4 different toppings, for $5.56). 
We eagerly awaited our food, though it didn't take long- maybe 5 minutes before our food was brought to the table. They were served in brown boxes with wooden utensils, true to El Merkury's image as a street food vendor. The tostadas are taco-size corn tortillas deep-fried in their flat form, then piled with toppings. You can choose up to four toppings per tostada. We got one "enchilada style," which means layers of pickled beets and beans, raisins, olives, a mix of beef and pork, and a sprinkling of cotija cheese. I enjoyed the variety of salty, savory, and sweet flavors and the contrast of crunch from the fried tortilla and beets with the soft meat. The second tostada was pork mechada with refried beans, guac, and salsa. The flavors were more bold but less unique on this tostada. Overall, the tostadas were delicious, but we would have enjoyed them even more if they had been a little warmer and the tortilla a little more crunchy. Still, we expect that might have been because it was only their first day serving food at this location!
The pupusa was a little smaller than the tostada, but hefty: a substantial stuffed white corn pancake. You choose your filling: we got carnitas chicharron (pork). The carnitas had a nice fine texture to it. I thought the pupusa was a tad soggy and a little dull in flavor, but my partner assures me that's just how pupusas are- they're designed for dipping in sauce! 
The tacquito (we got chorizo panela) was piping hot, crispy and richly flavorful, with a substantial spicy kick. The pupusa and tacquito combo came with two sides: we chose plantain chips and elote loco (grilled corn with cotija cheese, chili flakes, and a green sauce). Both of the sides ($2 each on their own, but included in price of the combo) were gustatorial adventures :) We loved the char on the elote and the complex mix of flavors. The plantain chips are fried to slightly sweet, crispy, salty perfection. 
We would come back to El Merkury in a heartbeat: for their excellent service; and for great value; and most of all, for their unique, well-crafted, and delicious food!So easy! So good!
I've walked past it for months, wondering ... "street food"? I took a stab, successfully used their tap-screen ordering & payment tablet, took a bite of their chorizo tostada and YESSS.
I bet you'll like this place, too.I ordered the combo ($11), and I chose the bean/cheese (vegan) pupusa and taquito (rice, beans, cheese). For my sides I chose the plantain chips and corn elote. As a Salvadoreña who has tasted authentic pupusas on numerous occasions, I was dissatisfied with the pupusa. It was extremely small, did not seem thoroughly cooked, and the tomato sauce on top was too spicy. The taquito, on the other hand, was crunchy and tasty. The plantain chips were thin and light, with good flavor. And the corn elote was great! My favorite was the Mayan Chocolate Churro ($5.50), which was sweet and filling! Definitely coming back for churros, and hoping to try the tostada text time.We have picked up take out from this place four or five times now and this review is based on all of collective experiences.  Summary: The food is mainly great.* 
We've tried: the corn on the cob (a little mushy, wouldn't get again, although the flavor itself was very nice); the cheesy rice w/corn (spicy heaven on a plate and we would be happy eating this every day); the bean/cheese pupusas and the pork pupusas (both types are great and neither are spicy if you're spice-averse); chorizo taquitos (first few times they were great, but the last few times they were very greasy--the fry didn't hold up and were generally unpleasant to eat); butternut squash taquitos (very good); beet tostadas (really good but if you don't like tart/pickled food don't order these); horchata (the only truly disappointing menu item thus far, especially since we love horchata, so we are recommending a pass on this); plantain chips and guacamole (good). 
*Here's the note of concern: since this place has started to become popular there have been mixups w/the orders (vegetarian pupusas being swapped w/meat pupusas), missing parts of orders (combo accompaniments being left out of bag, namely curtido and pickled onions), and orders being not good at all (looking at you, formerly beloved chorizo taquitos). We love this place and want it to do well in our neighborhood but a little quality control may be needed now. 
4 yelpsAs I made my last food stop in Philly, I couldn't resist trying something against the norm here. Opened by a young Guatemalan woman who graduated college from a local university in the area, she pursued her passion for food by creating dishes she learned to cook from her grandmother. 
Let's be honest everyone in America only thinks of tacos when they think of Latin food, but there are so many variations. Guatemala is in Central America so you should expand your palate and test our the flavors from all regions. 
I had to eat quickly and only ordered the Elote Loco (street corn), the new Doblados, and a traditional churro with ice cream. I know I said I was in a rush, but I am that person whose eyes are bigger than their stomach. I wanted to eat everything, but took half of my food to go. lol
Bottomline: 
The Doblados were nice and filled with chicken and a tasty sauce. It wasn't too salty which was great because that's what typically happens. The crust was well toasted and over fresh. 
The elote was not slathered in cheese, but well balanced with the queso, fresh cheese, and red pepper and seasoning. I like an elote slightly more burnt and roasted, but it it was still very tasty. That's just my personal preference kind of like when my friends and I argue about how crispy a NYC pizza crust should be. 
And then the CHURRO! Now you know how we evaluate churros is pretty serious. I have to say it was crispy, yet fluffy and had a great cinnamon sugar flavor. The ice cream to top it off was delicious. 
I love that the vibe of this place is fast casual, and you can get some authentic Central American street food that tastes home cooked. Plus you are supporting a small business. 
The food is of quality at great prices along with great seating and views. I highly recommend trying it and making it a regular stop. I look forward to coming back when I return to Philadelphia.Went there on opening night--thrilled we have a place like this in Center City finally! Food was great; definitely would recommend the pupusa's. I also tried my friend's tostada... really tasty! Everything I tried had a unique Salvadoran/Central American flavor to it that I don't see often in Philly, and it's definitely worth experiencing if you haven't had it before. 
Relaxed ambiance, good music, and very friendly staff. I was especially surprised by what a good deal it was in terms of price. Also, if I recall correctly, they are BYOB. Can't wait to go back on a nice day when they have all the windows open out on the street.I came for a quick bite with friends and was extremely pleased. The outside decor is what made me decide to come in after passing it a few times. The inside is even cuter. Food is flavorful and tastes fresh. Quick service is a plus!You can tell that everything at El Merkury is made with more thought then your average papusa or churro.  We tried just about everything on the menu.  Loved that most things had a bit of a kick, and lots of flavor! The Churros melt in your mouth! The salads were also a big hit!This is an amazing addition to the lunch options on this side of Rittenhouse. The food tastes amazing - I got 2 beef tostadas and 2 pork pulposas and they didn't not disappoint. My only complaints are that I had to wait 30 minutes for my small order and I was also really looking forward to the horchata but they were already sold out at noon. They didn't tell me until 25 minutes after I had ordered.Excellent squash taquitos the roasted corn was good and the plantain chips r very unique the pupusas were little disappointing. All in all good traditional food to give it a shot. One thing however that would be etched in ur memory r d churros I don't think I will ever try a better one than thisWow this place deserves more customers!
El Merkury is where the old Agno used to be on 21st and Chestnut. It's a new place serving Guatemalan Street Food and after multiple visits I have to say the food is beautiful, delicious, and so filling!
You'll notice it first by the bright colors of the tables, chairs, and sign outside. The same themes occur inside with a nice mural on the main wall and little Guatemalan eccentricities on the other wall.
You'll most likely be greeted by the owner who is a lovely and pleasurable woman who is kind and attentive. I was most surprised that when she brought my food to me the first time I didn't even have to ask for water because she brought it out for me.
So! On to the food! I've tried the tostada, Taquito, and pupusas and my personal recommendation is to get the tostada and taquito combination with the standard two sides-my suggestion being the corn and rice with the roasted corn on the cob. You'll see in my photos how beautiful and delicious everything looks.
Come here often and do the neighborhood a service by spreading the word about this awesome place to eat! Also, it's very casual so stop by for a nice lunch.Get thee to El Merkury! This charming little spot has made it into my regular rotation. I really hope they get the foot traffic they need to stick around. The staff are incredibly kind and customer service oriented. All the food is incredibly seasoned, making it a tastier (and cheaper) option than El Rey down the street. The pork tostada's are my fave, but I also love the chicken empanadas that popped up as a once off a few weeks ago. I hope they get a permanent place on the menu! And the churros are DIVINE.
The only change I'd make is that I'm not a huge fan of their iPad ordering software, since it doesn't allow for comments or customization to orders in the event you have an allergy or a strong preference to leave something out. You usually have to wave down someone and ask for whatever it is you need.This place is amazing and it begins with how you order on beautifully easy-to-follow touchscreens. It's byo, authentic, friendly & helpful staff. Definitely coming back here. Try a combo- can't go wrong with any of the sides too!Quick service. One of the best corn tortillas I've had. Ordered the tostadas and street corn, they were both delicious. Also their prices are very reasonable and great portions! 
I will be returning whenever I'm back in the area.What a great place. The food was beautiful, affordable, quickly served, delicious, and the people working and eating there were all so friendly! A great find and new option in a pricey neighborhood, for terrific food in a congenial atmosphere (and authentic -- I'm half Guatemalan)!Where do I even begin? I came here during lunch with my friend to pick up a "quick treat." I ordered the 3 Leches gourmet churro and my friend ordered the Galletas Abue. 
We waited a whole 30 minutes for our order, while people who ordered after us received their food. There were only 3 people working, which makes sense, but doesn't excuse the issue altogether. 
When we got our churros, there was nothing special to them. The churros itself were undercooked and flavorless. I did not receive vanilla bean or meringue as described and both orders DID NOT come with soft serve vanilla ice cream as the gourmet churro should have.
I would have gone back and spoken to the manager, but I had no proof of purchase as my receipt didn't print due to a malfunctioning printer. I'm incredibly upset about my experience and would most likely not recommend anyone to go unless you want to feel disappointed.We ordered a variety of things from El Merkury and I will say that I loved how authentic they were as compared to other places in the neighborhood.  
I liked the butternut squash taquitos - so different than the offerings I've seen elsewhere, and sweet without being too sweet.  I did notice that all of the food we had (guacamole, refried beans, and even the taquitos) could have used more salt to bring out their flavors a little more.  The churros had a nice flavor, and would have been even better if I ate them when they were still warm.  
Overall, it was a nice change of pace, and I would probably dine in next time to see that part of the experience.I had a lunch with friends at El Merkury, overall a very pleasant experience. Ordering food on the kiosk is a breeze, and the tostadas combo that I had was fresh and tasty. Plantain chips were crispy, and I only hoped they came in a bigger portion. 
We came off lunch hours, so the place was not busy. Sofia, the owner, was kind enough to come out and chatted with us. She was a fun lady to talk to. We were offered the loop chorus with ice cream which was again very tasteful. 
I saw some review complains about the preparation time. I cannot speak for how long it takes during busy hours, but our food took less than 5min to reach the table. 
I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to try fresh, healthy South American food.I stopped in to El Merkury for the first time yesterday around lunch. It's a nice, open space with a few outdoor high tops for nice weather and pads to order on (the staff are ready to provide explanations or introductions to the food at the first notion that you're not familiar or are there for the first time). 
The menu is a good size, with the meal food (ie. not the extensive and impressive churro desert menu) broken into three categories - taquitos, pupusas (quite similar to venezuelan arrapas), tostadas, and sides. Each of the first three categories had about three types within, and there are a handful of side options. So there's enough to explore/vary your orders a bit if you plan on going from time to time, but not enough to overwhelm or confuse a newcomer. It also helps that I get the impression they do a lot of their business in the form of the combos, which allow you to try items from two of the main categories with a couple of sides. 
I got a pupusas and taquitos combo, choosing the Quesillo Black Bean Pupusa and Three Chili Chicken Taquito, with Elote Loco (roasted corn on the cob with cilantro cream, chili flakes, and queso fresco) and Guacamole as sides. It was all tasty, as was the bite of Arroz con Elote (baked cheesy rice with jalapenos & corn) I was able to try. The spice levels were pleasant for me but nowhere near excessive or boundary-pushing. The taquito, dipped in the cilantro-heavy guacamole*, was pretty delicious, and I topped the pupusa with the salsa that accompanied my order, also to enjoyable effect. The corn was a definite highlight. The cob was split in half**, which is a good thing, because once I took a first bite I couldn't bring myself to put the cob down until I was finished. It was so tender and flavorful that I needed two smaller cobs to help me spread the joy throughout my meal rather than polish it off in one gluttonous storm. 
If I have a complaint, it's that I didn't feel like a got a huge value for what I paid for the combo. The way it was pitched to me, I though I'd get two taquitos and two two pupusas in addition to my sides. In retrospect that might have been a bit much to expect, but I would have really appreciated one more item of some kind. Maybe that was just because I entered the place pretty famished, but I was nowhere close to full by the time I finished. Still, the quality was where I wanted it to be and it's something at least a bit different. I'd not only recommend it, but I do intend to go back at some point, just perhaps not when I'm starving. 
* don't worry, cilantro haters, they give an option on the tablet menu to opt out of any cilantro
** it may have only been split in half because I took mine to go, but I was till glad it wasWow. Just.... Wow.
I have never seen a more hectic, less well-run restaurant in my life. Today was my second trip in. They forgot part of my order, forgot to tell the kitchen they forgot part of my order (I reminded them after 5 minutes of standing there), and then when I got back to the office to eat my order I discovered they gave me the wrong thing (and the worst thing is, it was pork which i don't eat)
Unfortunately, the food is pretty damn good, so I'm conflicted.
But seriously, they are SEVERELY understaffed. That is definitely the biggest issue. I'd say number two is how unpleasant the kitchen looks. It is one of the most open-concept food prep areas I've ever seen, and it is a total mess. Food, seasonings, containers and utensils strewn all over the place, old, falling apart low-boy fridges (even though it just opened...?) and just a general air of chaos. I saw corn on the cob sit out in a to-go container with no lid for 10 minutes. Where was this corn going? Did it ever get there? Sadly I'll never know.
In the 15-20 minutes it took me to get my food, I saw multiple people complaining about even longer waits. What makes this especially frustrating is that the portions are pretty tiny. The portions are not unfair, per se, for center city and the price, but i don't want to wait 15 minutes to get food that will take me 5 minutes to eat.
I really really hope this place gets their act together and succeeds because the food is good, but I have rarely if ever seen a restaurant run in a more haphazard manner. Odds of survival are not good.Great place for a Sunday meal. Around the corner from the Mutter Museum. Quick service, very friendly staff. Great food. Churros are superb, don't miss the plantain chips. We tried several pupusas and a dorado salad- more than enough to share and no one left hungry.
Excellent preparation, presentation and flavors. Try everything/ you won't be disappointed. Definitely must stop next time we are in Philly.I've walked by this place a million times and finally went inside, what a fantastic find!
Pros:
Simple menu but with lots of variety
Great value - prices you would find in the Italian Market
Food was excellent
Indoor and out door seating
Cons:
I'm not 100% sure what Horchata is supposed to taste like...but my friend said it was kind of meh. I liked it though? 
A fantastic addition to the Rittenhouse area, will be back for sure! Really not sure why it always seems so empty on the inside.Everything was delicious! My complaint is that everything seemed reheated/not freshly made and was not piping hot. Pupusas need to be served fresh off of the skillet with cheese oozing!This was worth the lunch time trek! Tostadas and the arroz con elote were delicious and I can't wait to come back to try the churros. Loved the decor as well. A hip little lunch spot!Definitely worth a try. Hadn't ever had Guatemalan cuisine before and this was a great introduction to it. I got the black bean pupusa and it is very good, though not mind blowingly so. Casual, fast, good prices.Go and try some Central American food staples! This place has delicious food, great vibes, friendly staff, and a great mission! For those of you who are lactose-intolerant horchata lovers, the almond milk horchata is amazing.The taquitos and churros are out of this world!!! Also try the hibiscus rum punch- it's delicious! The owner is so sweet and makes food from her Guatemalan roots. It's awesome and affordable Central American street food!Ordered tostadas as take out. I came late to pick up the order so the shells were a little soggy, but the tostadas were so flavorful and delicious. Recommend adding the pickled beets as a topping. Will have to go back to sit down next time.Sofia (owner) is so incredible sweet and was amazing to talk to about the origin of El Merkury and how the food is connected to her childhood memories.
A great place for all dietary restrictions and cravings!Absolutely delicious! Don't let this understated location fool you, the food is FANTASTIC. I tried one of the combos and was blown away by the flavors. Topped it off with a classic churros that just melted in my mouth. Highly recommend!If you are visiting Philadelphia or are a long-time resident in the mood for some amazing food, you need to check out El Merkury. El Merkury has great cuisine and you can't beat the price point. If you have a sweet tooth, the churros are a MUST HAVE. The service was quick and the restaurant is in pristine condition. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!Ordered a pupusa and tostada combo and only got a pupusa, it was for takeout so I didn't notice until I got back to the office. I called to ask for a refund 5 times WITH NO RESPONSE. No one has answered the phone. Very underwhelmed I wish I could've liked this place but never going back again.Delicious! Great veggie options. I've had the papusas, tostados and taquitos and all are great. The churros are also fantastic. Portions are generous and staff is friendly and helpful.I have literally never written a review on Yelp before***
BUT just ate at El Merkury for the first time and was so blown away that I had to write, kid you not. The pupusa/tostada/street corn/baked rice was so dank (read: top 5 sub-$12 meals in philly for SURE) that I had to rave about it publicly and unequivocally. 
The fact that there were only 3 other customers in there when I just visited is a cardinal sin. Everyone go to here. Thank you!!
***as a former service industry worker, I see Yelp reviews for what they are: a platform for bullying and classist criticism that comes with absolutely no food or service work credibility!!Great food and great vibe. The owner was really friendly and customer oriented. My suggestion would be to give customers the option to customize the items they order through the kiosk at the front. For instance, I don't like onions or beets and I would like to omit them from my order. You should also provide the curtido and sauce for the pupusas on the side, so that customers can adjust it to their liking. 
Overall, it was a great experience. I was able to give my girlfriend and her sister a taste of some Guatemalan food. By the way, the dulce de leche churros were amazing! Keep up the great work.There are a few things you should know about this place:
1. It's brand new... it's only been open a week - so stop by and welcome them to the neighborhood.
2. The food is made to order, and it tastes clean and fresh. You may have to wait a bit, but it will be worth it. I promise.
3. Once you arrive, you have to order via kiosk. I am not sure if they accept cash. Which is way more convenient than the places that accept only cash.
4. I would suggest ordering a combo so that you can try a sampler of dishes.
5. They make the BEST CHURROS on this side of the Mississippi. Seriously. They are amazing! And they come with complimentary vanilla ice cream! 
I would highly recommend this restaurant!!!Guatemalan dishes I ordered were light years away from being authentic.  Food is terrible, tasteless and who knows where the chef is from. I tried tostadas, tacos, horchata and corn on the cob with sprinkled cheese and watery , green sauce and everything was lousy.  Not even cheap either.  Run don't walk away from this place.  Don't have any inkling why and who gave it a 4.4 rating. I give it a 1 only. I am a native of Guatemala and my hobby is cooking.Food is good but service can get very slow if they are busy since there's only one or two people who seem to work there.  The corn was great but the churro and ice cream is not worth the calories.Churros! Churros! Churros! If you love the sweet and warm fried pastry, you HAVE to go to El Merkury! The service was fabulous and the atmosphere was friendly and inviting too! This establishment is brand new and a blessing to the city of Philadelphia! 10/10 would go back again and again and again!One of the better tostadas in the city! 2 large ones with your choice of meat for about 8 bucks. Not too bad, especially if guac is included! 
Pros: 
access to freshly made churros and tostadas, which are virtually non-existant in this city 
Cons:
Their ordering screen is super glitchy so it took us forever to order.
Pupusa is bland
Not really sure how everyone got ice cream on their churro but it wasn't even an option for us, nor was it on the menu.The food came out with a hair on it. We ordered churros and then found out later the ice cream machine was broken and we were still charged $12.Such a wonderful place to grab lunch with a friend. Everything on the menu is delicious and served quickly, but I especially enjoyed the pupusa. There's really nothing better than sitting here with great food and company in front of the open windows on a hot summer day.Great authentic food and nice atmosphere. Very friendly service and willing to help you with the menu. The churro menu is a lot of fun!This place blew my mind. The churros itself were so good. I had the sundae although the ice cream had the consistency of more ice than cream. It was still good regardless. I had the  tostada combo with the taquitos. I don't remember which one was beef or pork, but they were all flavorful. My friend had the chicken taquitos and they were also very good. I loved how plantain chips comes with the combos. My favorite were definitely the elotes. The red pepper flakes gives it a kick, but if you don't like spice; you can easily omit it. We also had the cucumber lime drink and it was super refreshing.After work on a friday i was finally able to stop and give El Merkury a try. This kitchen does not disappoint. Ordering is done via a touch screen which i like because it lessens the chance of any mistakes with your order. Swipe your card right st the screen and you're done. I'm not sure if they take cash , but who carries cash anymore now a days. If the system was set up to take NFC via apple pay or android wallet that would be nice but not a big deal. 
I ordered the chicken taquitos and they were delicious. Came out very crispy and hot with some great accompanying accruements. Spicer than i expected but a pleasant surprise. 
Also finished out the meal with a tres leche churro. It came out hot and crispy as well. The tres leche was also good.Food was delicious. Cant wait to go back and try the churros! Food is nice and easy to
Pick up or sit in restaurant with the perfect ambiance.Picked up a delicious meal curbside this evening (with properly gloved hands and social distance carefully observed)! We are new to this restaurant and will be back! Do try it and support local businesses says 'Mister 1801'!Slightly Americanized for my taste. But, being Central American myself, I can appreciate El Merkury'a presence in Philadelphia, finally something that tastes close to what I grew up eating! 
We ordered a little bit of everything. The meat used in the tostadas and the taquitos was delicious, but the pupusas were thicker than I would've liked, mucha masa. The curtido was also lacking, i would have liked more of it. I also don't like the lack of personal interaction, where I could have asked for it to be a little thinner or asked if it could be done more of a revuelta style or asked for more curtido. 
But will definitely be back for tostadas and taquitos (hopefully I can ask for curtido for the taquitos)I can't wait to go back. I ordered veggie tostadas, corn, and coffee churro/ice cream. Everything is made to order after ordering at the kiosk. The tostadas and corn were fresh and delicious. That CHURRO OMG! I feel so deprived from the Americanized churros I've had in the past. The churro was hot and the ice cream had a consistency of a custard, outstanding.
And to wash it all down you must have that lemon cucumber water..
Awesome service and I love the cool breeze of the open windows on a September day.Amazing food! Pupusas are fresh, flavory and juicy. Elotes are yummy. I haven't had the chance to try churros, but I'll come back to try them all!El Merkury offers tasty and trendy Latin American food for reasonable prices. I haven't yet tried their very over-the-top-looking churros or other sweets, but we enjoyed the pupusas, tostadas, and elote for dinner, and they were all flavorful and hit the spot. The restaurant interior is sleek and industrial, a bit like the vibe at Chipotle. The restaurant isn't too busy or large, giving it a more laid-back feel, and the one staff member was friendly. Prices for a full meal are around $12 or so, which isn't cheap per se, but fine for a casual get-together. Overall a nice experience.I love the churros here. Crispy, sweet, and fresh. They seem to have trouble with the ice cream machine a lot though. Out of the 4 times I've been, 3 of the ice creams have been watery. Once, the churro machine wouldn't work correctly (still tasted good, though).
I also love their pupusas. All 3 flavors are great; my favorite is the chicharron pork. Give me that and a side of refried beans, and I'm a happy camper.This is my favorite Central American food. I am not cheese person or heavy tasting. But , I love these food with cheese on. The mix of the cheese and onion , salsa just make it so refreshing . It does not taste heavy at all. My favorite non-Asian restaurant. The food are so fresh and well decorated. I will definitely come back !My favorite Central American restaurant in Philadelphia! The food is amazing, I've tried everything. The owner is so incredibly sweet and her passion shines through in the food and the decor. Everyone should eat at El Merkury you will not be dissapointed!!