The tacos al pastor are the best I've ever eaten. I'll be back for sure. Cute but no frills, this place is a great choice for a quick but super delicious meal.Delicious, authentic Mexican food. Need I say more?
It's a stone's throw away from Union Transfer/Spring Garden and I'm so happy that there's an awesome, cheap option for delicious food nearby the venue. 
The restaurant itself is super small and has an open kitchen so you can see the guys crafting your tacos, sopes, burritos, etc right before your eyes. I love the decor around here with the vivid colors and paintings of Mexico. You can sit at the "bar" or at one of the three tables (one seats 2 and the other two seats 4). They do a lot of delivery via Grubhub and Yelp if you're not into wandering into the "sketchy neighborhood" though I really did not feel that way - there's just not a lot of foot traffic or shops around this particular area. 
No one item is more than $12 and my boyfriend and I managed to skirt by for dinner for $26. We ordered chips and guacamole (super fresh though we didn't quite have enough dip for our chips... probs our fault), steak sopes, and tacos al pastor - the latter two with hot salsa; you also have the choice of mild or medium. The salsa is actually hot and everything was fresh and delicious. They also have a great selection of Mexican sodas like Jarritos, an apple soda, and of course, Mexican Coca-Cola. 
One thing is that they don't always have everything on the menu available, which I can understand. We wanted to try their tamales or flan but perhaps since I went on a Monday, they didn't have everything prepared or maybe sold out. Next time~
Can't wait to stop by El Purepecha again before a show!Great food, great prices. Carnitas burrito was the best I've had in Philly. We moved back from LA and find it hard to get really good Mexican food here. Anyways, they were out of aguas frescas so the guy made me a fresh Horchata to order, which was awesome. Will be back to try the sopes. Really low-key spot. Really really goodI've been coming to this place for years. Was sad when they closed down for months and was excited when they opened back up under a new name. Same great quality of food, thankfully. My husband and I always get the chicken burritos. They are huge and so flavorful! Don't let the fact that it looks like a hole in the wall place from the outside fool you. The employees are very friendly. You will not be disappointedthe tacos are the best in the neighborhood. Try the tacos al pastor!Everything was amazing!!!! Wet Burrito, Chips with Queso, Tacos Al Pastor, and Tres Leches. Highly recommend it all, will be coming back and letting friends know about this great hidden gem of a restaurant.A hidden gem!!! Kind employees, amazing delicious food, beautiful art 
check out the grilled shrimp burritoIf you're doubting going to this place, don't. It's seriously authentic, delicious and not to mention the prices are great! I'm from MD and I can't wait to come back to Philly to eat here again.Yeah, I'm from Atlanta where there are excellent Mexican restaurants. I'm assuming that since Philly doesn't really have Mexican restaurants you all have nothing good to compare this to. I was not impressed. My quesadillas were dry and the queso (to which they didn't even understand what I meant: "chips and cheese?") was very liquid and milky, the worst I've ever had. Not to mention they weren't that friendly. I won't be back.Great spot for tacos !!  Super yummy. Was just walking by and it was absolutely delicious. I got an order of the tacos al pastor to go since I don't live close. 10/10 would recommend. 
My friend got supreme nachos also deliciousSo tasty! I definitely prefer El Purepecha over anywhere I've been in the Italian Market's Mexican neighborhood -- save for South Philly Barbacoa, which is on another level. Their salsas and guac they make themselves and are really something. I've never had roasted chipotle salsa like that before. I'd honestly buy it alone for home. Food is nice, and not greasy. Nice folks running a small business :) 
I hear great things about their mole, but have yet to try it!
Tip: If you're ordering take out during a busy time, they always take longer than expected. Show up ~15 mins late. This is not a problem for sit-down service.I was excited to try this place but in the  end it was just ok. I had the carne asada tacos and they were ok, my wife had the enchiladas and they weren't very good. I also had sopes which actually were pretty good. The service was friendly, but they took long to serve us.Stumbled upon this place, and I am so glad we did. The chorizo tacos were amazing! Don't let the outside appearance fool you, this place is a gem.Best carnitas burrito I have ever had was here! remember to match your food with a jarrito soda for an extra touch.Looks sketchy on the outside, but is much nicer inside - fun with colorful tables and chairs.  Got chorizo and fish tacos and chips and guacamole, all was good, especially the chorizo tacos.  Great to find an authentic Mexican restaurant nearby.We got a couple carnitas burritos and some guacamole and chips.  Really very good!  Lots of carnitas in there.  I was especially impressed with the salsa? pico? that came with the chips.Authentic Mexican food!!! As a median I can say this is one of the best Mexican Restaurants in Philly great service and taste. The inside decoration is wonderful. The portions are big. Do not let the area discourage you, this place is amazing.Recently moved to Philadelphia and this is the first Mexican restaurant I tried. I had a burrito and I was happy with the size and flavor of meat. I was slightly disappointed with how the red hot sauce in my burrito since it did not feel spicy at all. I'll be going back to try something else and to take my S.O.I have been going to this place for a long time and it never disappoints! Not only is the food inexpensive but it is really good. I personally love their tostadas. I'm proud to have this place around the corner from me.We met up with another couple for dinner at El Purepecha last night and were thoroughly pleased with our experience there.  All of our menu choices, which consisted of two types of quesadillas, one tostada plate and chicken fajita were tasty and well prepared.  It is true that this is a tiny place that doesn't look like much from the street, but the family that runs this restaurant are friendly and welcoming.  We really like eating here and left with full stomachs and barely a dent in our budget.  We will definitely be back!Great authentic place, love the tacos and burritos. Good vegetarian options, always fresh and great service!While it not look like much from the outside, the humble El Purpecha is a an authentic and delicious Mexican treat. Everything is made to order, including the fresh salsas, mole, and enchiladas. I highly recommend the chicken tacos with lettuce and crema. Ask them to add avocado for an additional $1.50. It's worth it!Purepecha is the best taco I've had in the city. The first time I came here I was a bit skeptical based on what it looks like from the outside, but after my first bite I was blown away. I've been back many times since. The food is great, and the guys that work here are awesome. Highly recommendOne beautiful bite. One cheesy, crispy, charred,tender, savory, dipped in chipotle delicious squash blossom quesadilla bite. 
The triangles are too large to hold and get a good bite, so, fold it pizza style and get yourself a nice mouthful because you will want all of these textures and flavors and temps making beautiful taste bud babies in your mouth. 
Decor is nice, it's a cozy spot, although a tad too warm inside. The cleaning of the flat top grill with the metal spatula is an inviting addition to the Mexican music in the background. It feels like frenetic action and tastes like time slowing down. Fresh ingredients prepared with flavor!I went here with my girlfriend last night. My brother lives in the area and has been telling me to try this place for the past few months and I'm glad I finally got the chance. I got the carnitas burrito, my gf got the fish tacos. Both were AMAZING. This is my new go to spot when I want Mexican.First time there today, and they were missing a couple of things off of the menu (no tamales or fried fish tacos).  Got a torta, instead, and it was alright.  A little on the plain side, but serviceable.  The cook kind of messed up my friend's taco order a bit, so no 5 star review.  I'd try it again, so you might as well give it a shot.  We need more taco places around here.I stopped by this little gem yesterday and it is definitely a hole in a wall place, almost walked passed it! As I walked in, I was pleasantly surprised by the beautiful Spanish decor and above average housekeeping. The place is smaller, fitting about 3 tables and some counter space but a lot of people do takeout or delivery as well. 
I ordered the Wet Burrito and my friend got the shrimp tacos. The burrito was probably the best I've ever had: huge burrito stuffed with perfectly seasoned rice, chunks of al pastor, gooey cheese, surrounded by mouth watering mole sauce. I demolished the whole thing, and it wasn't even my cheat day. My friend said the shrimp tacos were well seasoned and delicious as well. Best of all the price point for this restaurant is very cheap! Most of the items will be under $10 including my $8.50 monster burrito. 
My only gripe about this place was the service.. When we got here none of the staff acknowledged us and we had to ask them if we can just sit. We sat for about 5-10 minutes and no one came to our table so I just grabbed menus when the man noticed us again and said he'd come to our table. Lastly, we never got any water and when I asked, he charged us $1 each for bottled water. I thought complimentary water was customary at every restaurant? 
Overall, my experience with the food was very good. The staff seemed busy so I tried to look past the sub-par service but hopefully this improves as in house diners should just be important if not more than take out orders.. I will be back though, can't pass up on delicious Spanish food just a block away from me in Chinatown!I ate the veggie burrito with "hot" level sauce. It was not a meal, but rather, a vehicle to another plane of existence, every bite a voyage through a discrete yet harmonious blend of texture and flavor. Exquisite. 
Don't miss this place or let the off-the-beaten-path feel dissuade you. Best damn burrito I've ever had. Will be back every time I'm in Philly.Hands down one of my favorite taquerias in the area. Tbh, Philly (and the east coast in general) isn't known to be representative of authentic Mexican eats, but this place (and a few others) know what's up. I've tried several items here over the last year and every single one has been super tasty. I'm always impressed by their veggie burrito (get it spicy ), as most veggie burritos can be a little on the bland side.
Being a Califa Mexican living in Philly is rough, but El Purepecha definitely helps!Excellent hole-in-the-wall with excellent service and excellent food! I'm a tourist in town but I found this place and walked to it. Definitely worth it even though the neighborhood was giving me interesting vibes. Had the torta and it was delicious and had enough for lunch the next day!I'm from the west coast and desperately missed Mexican food when I moved here. This is the closest thing I have found to California Mexican food. Definitely worth the try.Took me a while to find really good Mexican food so this place is my new foodie heaven. I used to have to drive out to conshy to el limon for good Mexican but now I have a local spot. Its not in the best area but the food is better than you could ever imagine. Great service as well.Consistently delicious Mexican food in a no-frills space. Even though the space is small, we're usually able to get a seat. It typically takes a while to get your food, but it is well worth the wait. Prices are very reasonable, and the menu has a lot of options.2 words: carnitas burrito. Omg. This place is amazing. Co-gold medal: shrimp tostadas. The food here is amazing and the staff is unbelievably nice and accommodating. I would go here for every meal if it were closer.I live in the neighborhood and we have quite a few good food options around here, but this place is hands down my favorite place for take out food. I have never gotten an order and been dissatisfied. They have a few tables to dine in as well, but be aware that it's not a large restaurant. If you choose this place I promise you won't be disappointed!I was tired of the hipster tacos because they suck, so I was glad to find these authentic tacos and amazing fish and chicken platters the brothers serve.
Try the fish and chicken platter, fish tacos and shrimp tacos were divine.
Not going back to hipster locales ever againSame great food, just with a different name. Great quesadillas and large plates with tortillas and guacamole.Authentic Mexican cuisine at its finest!! This place is a total hole in the wall and features a tiny seating area next to their always busy kitchen and the air is swirling with delicious aromas of freshly cooked food. Their menu features all the classics but I opted for the steak chimichanga and it was out of this world and far surpased my expectations. It seriously looked like a 5-star dish that would easily be $25 at overpriced places like Distrito, but at $12 it was a steal. And thats including rice, guac and sour cream. The flavor was spot-on and their spicy sauce had just the right amount of kick. Definitely will be returning soonThis place was great when was Jose's. now there are new owners and I think it is even better.  They did a  really nice job with the inside of the restaurant.  We have been here a couple of times and the food is authentic, cheap, and delicioso!From the outside it looks like you shouldn't go in but just through the door and you'll fall in love. The food is absolutely amazing! I was floored with how good it is. The staff is friendly and fast. Prices are great as well. Whenever I am in the area, I will eat here every time from now on.Like other reviews said, the exterior of the restaurant looks like a mom and pop Mexican joint, but the inside is much more renovated. There are about 4 tables and some bar stools. The owner was very nice and helpful, and very eager to make our orders vegetarian and make them exactly how we wanted them.
We ordered the nachos which were very good, but could have used some tomatoes/lettuce/fixings. The enchiladas verdes were very tasty as was the vegetable burrito. 
I am very judgmental when it comes to Mexican food as I absolutely love it; and this place delivered a great product AND for cheap. For three people plus non alcoholic drinks we paid $40 including tip.
Would highly recommend this place!We had high hopes based on the reviews. Unfortunately, this place did not live up to our expectations. They were out of many things, and it was very slow. My enchiladas were okay - I wouldn't get them again. My husband got carne asada tacos -  not that flavorful.  The sopes were the saving grace (and what deserved the 3 stars). I hate leaving this review because I want the place to succeed. Hopefully, it's just some growing pains.Hands down the best authentic Mexican food I've ever had.  Amazing flavor at a great price.  Grilled shrimp burrito was fantastic.I really did want to love this place. After seeing all the great reviews, I decided to try it. Please note, my review may be very biased, since I'm from San Diego where Mexican food is amazing. But I ordered the Steak Burrito from here and it was just okay.
Don't get me wrong. It wasn't terrible by any means. In fact, it's probably the best burrito Ive had since moving to philly. But is it the best burrito I've EVER had? Sadly no. The price was great though, especially for the portion. Customer service was also great - I was greeted right away. 
So bottom line, I'd for sure come back to try other things. But I'll also still be on the search for other Mexican restaurants.This place was absolutely delicious. The quality was so much better than the price would suggest. I loved the bean burrito--the guacamole inside really makes it! The waitstaff are extremely helpful. It makes the perfect place to stop in for a casual lunch or dinner. Would definitely recommend.I grew up in San Diego and have spent several months in Mexico. I have a very high standard for Mexican food and have been very disappointed in Philly. Purepecha is now my "go to" though. It's delicious, non-fancy, non-fusion, normal Mexican food. If you want wasabi tempeh tacos move along down the road. If you want legit, no frills Mexican though, head to Purepecha. Also, the staff is friendly and the decorations are pretty. It's the only reason I can think of to head to that neighborhood, but it's worth the trip!Yes yes yes. One of the best mexican food I've had. I'm so full right now. Yes had to post a review right after the food because it was that good. Sitting down is better because you can enjoy the food while still hot. Really great decor tooThis place is so great. It a small restaurant close to spring garden street. We were looking for mexican food to eat and we're between this and el vez. Since I already at at el vez I decided to come here and I was not the least bit disappointed. It's super authentic and the owner was so welcoming. He even navigated the menu and helped us chose the vegetarian options. I recommend getting the mushroom quesadilla and the vegetarian wet burrito. Both delicious and so filling. The portions here are pretty big for the amount you're paying.El Purepecha is a hole-in-the-wall, homestyle Mexican establishment that has recently re-opened it doors and man is it GOOD! I treat myself to either their El Pastor Burrito or Fried Fish Tacos once a week after my workouts. The El Pastor has a wonderful balance of juicy meatiness from the pork and the sweetness from the pineapples they add. The Fried Fish Tacos have a crunchy exterior with the fish meat inside being light and flakey. The toppings are fresh, fragrant, and bursting with beautiful colors. I highly recommend giving this place a shot, whether it be eat-in or take out!
Pros:
-- Homestyle, authentic Mexican food
-- Fresh, delicious, and very filling 
-- CHEAP!
Cons:
-- Looks sketchy from the outside, but the inside is very beautiful with a lot of the furniture painted in Mexican mosaicsTacos al pastor are perfect. Bummed there was no horchata - maybe next time. Super nice people, great (cheap) food. Just do yourself a favor and go.We almost didn't find this place- it is an unassuming location, an unassuming restaurant but the food! The food has explosive flavours and we loved the guac. I can only talk about vegetarian options- we had tacos and another variation and we loved both. Can't wait to be back, this is certainly 'our place' now :)I love mexican food, and philly has a lot of good authentic options to offer- mainly in south phily. I've heard of this place and went to check it out. They switched ownership and changed the name a few months ago. Beautiful place, very colorful and fun. 
But the team and the quality of the food is what makes the difference.
Do not expect fast serving! you'll order and sometimes you'll have to wait 20 minutes or more.
But there is a reason for that, and a good reason. When we were there yesterday, we talked to the owner Alex. 
The three brothers were the only ones who are working in the open kitchen. 
You could see how good they are. How enthusiastic and how they really put their heart into the food. The food is present simply, but at the same time it is Simply Delicious. The best Mexican food that I have had so far in Philadelphia. We ordered guacamole which again was simple but unbelievably delicious. The first bite we thought - hmmm this does not have many spices, maybe it's not very special, but the more we ate it the more we loved it and we ended up licking the plate. its deliciousness is in its simplicity.
We ordered four different types of tacos, honestly I don't know which one were the best. They were all so good. If I would have to choose I would say that carnitas and al pastor. We also ordered al pastor burrito which was fantastic. Soft, fresh, absolutely delicious. My wife mentioned that she couldn't even feel the taste of the pineapple and the pork because all the ingredients melted in our mouth to a delicious combination that resembled nothing.
So if you don't mind going to Mexico time, taking a pause from life for a little bit, leave your cell phones in your pockets or wallets, enjoy life and good food, go to this place. Alex- the owner is such a lovely man and really cares about what he does and about making his customers happy.Best Mexican food I've had in awhile.  The sopes are fantastic.  My gf had the chicken tacos which were also great.  The Mexican rice (side dish) may seem like just rice (and it is) but it's great!  The prices were reasonable too.  We had takeout but the inside seems nice albeit on the smaller sideWhat's the mark of a legitimate Mexican restaurant? A television playing Spanish music and/or telanovelas.
This place is legitimate. Great food, staff is nice. The inside is much bigger than you would expect from the outside.Speaking as a Latina from LA this is truly great, authentic Mexican food. I had the enchiladas and they were great--just wish I had room for tacos: had one and it was great! Highly recommend.Their delivery guy refused to drop off my order (even just at my hotel lobby) and expected me to find him in traffic.  What a joke this place is.  I tip the guy 20% and he expects me to run out into traffic to find him because he doesn't want to park, lol.This place is awesome! The best Mexican food in Philly. Authentic street tacos, killer tostadas, and the best chips and queso we've had north of the Mason-Dixon line. Planning on eating our way around this menu.  We'll definitely be back.I came to this place because the reviews were amazing. This is basically a " blink and you missed it" location which i liked. 
I ordered the chicken tortas because I always hear good things. Now I will say it wasn't memorable, but I will give it another chance. This particular torta didnt have the flavors i've come to associate with Mexican cuisines. But, I am willing to give it another try as I normally get tacos or Pollo Poblano in most places.
I loved the colorful decor inside, its a breath of fresh air compared to its gritty outside look. The staff were very helpful and I could tell it is a family-run business.This is by far the best Mexican food I've ever had in my life! Their shrimp burrito is honestly to die for. They have the best ratio of ingredients in their burrito, and they definitely do not skimp on the amount of shrimp they give you. The shrimp itself is also very tender and flavorful! 
Their nachos are also great, packed with a bunch of great flavors. Their green sauce is also one of the best green sauces I've had. It's tangy and mildly sour in all the right ways. 
If you are near or willing to trek to North Philly, I would definitely give this place a try! They are my go-to whenever I'm craving Mexican food!It was definitely delicious. I will be ordering from this place again. I suggest if you want good Mexican food to give them a call!!!!!Great Mexican food, good umbres here! I'm getting the fish tacos, been coming here for a lil while now but this is my first yelpAnother hidden gem. Small space but AMAZING service and food. My friend and I split three dishes and dessert. Portions are very generous so we had to take some home. Fresh, real authentic Mexican!!This is a great little spot. I came in to Philadelphia on a business trip. After checking out downtown restaurants for a few nights, my husband and I started craving something different. This place met that need and it's not too far away from downtown Philadelphia. You have to be ready for the fact that the area doesn't look as transited and policed as downtown. When we arrived, there was a group of men standing around across the street and looking somewhat shady, so that initially concerned us, but the restaurant experience itself was great. We walked in a chose a table (the place if def small). A waiter came right over to get us started with drinks. We started off with nachos and queso and they were great! Loved that queso. Then, my husband ordered the "wet burrito" (fabulous) and I ordered the "Mar y Tierra", which included so much delicious meat! Just to try it, we also ordered 1 steak taco. We loved everything! If we would have had more time in the city, we would've likely returned but would probably order takeout / delivery service.Solid authentic mexican food.
Love the flavors.
Friendly atmosphere and traditional decor.
Tortas are awesome!Best in the city! The nicest family run business around! I really like the fried pork burrito!Off the beaten path but worth checking out if you live nearby because the food is very tasty. We tried the carnitas, flautas and a quesadilla and all were delicious. The place is tiny but clean, with traditional colorful tables and modern decor. The staff were very friendly and helpful and we had a nice chat about the Purepecha culture in Mexico. This place looks very unassuming from the outside and isn't in the prettiest neighborhood but I can see easily becoming a regular because of the good quality and reasonable prices.El Purepecha is the loveliest family restaurant in the neighborhood. The owners are exceptionally kind people who will get to know you and ask about your family when they don't come in with you. The food is, of course, super good--homemade and very tasty. They also deliver!Restaurant is very unsanitary. I literally watched the young girl pick up the torilla chips with her hands after wiping down a container and not washing her hands. Then after i told her i didn't want the chips she had just scooped into the box she looked at me as if I was crazy. I fo not recommend this restaurant.Absolutely amazing, if you sit at the counter you can watch them make everything, and it is all made with love.Had the loaded nachos,  chicken tacos and shrimp tacos both spicy,  the heat was perfect the flavors were amazing and the nachos were layered perfectly,  service was fast and food was filling.  I will definitely make a stop by if I'm in the area again... Didn't have the burrito but they looked amazing definitely getting one next timeThis place is awesome ! It's doesn't gringo-fy your food ! Decently priced. Great service.Great authentic Mexican food. I did not try delivery like another dude said, but I would recommend going in. The interior is clean and colorful. I liked everything I have got here. I will be back for my Mexican fix for sure!I love the burritoes in south philly and when trying to fill a hole in my burrito heart, El purepecha does a good job. It's not quite the same, but it is very good. I prefer refried beans in my burrito and El Purepecha uses black beans. I guess its just a preference- but it was very good. I would probably order delivery from here again as the meat and the salsa's were very tasty.This place is really authentic reasonably priced great Mexican food. I personally love the Baja and fish tacos and the mushroom quesadillas. It's byob with counter seating and about 3 tables. Tiny place but oh so good!  Certainly one of the highlights of the Eraserhood.Extremely tasty and all around good food, texture , flavor, temperature, portions. Staff is very nice and extra accommodating!!! LoveVery definition of a cheap "find". Used to be Joses new ownership a huge upgrade. Primarily takeout but the 3 tables in what is essentially an open kitchen layout are quite nice. Net it's good cheap Mexican takeout prepared in a clean kitchen. Don't be put off by the outside appearance it needs work.This place is really authentic reasonably priced great Mexican food. I personally love the Baja and fish tacos and the mushroom quesadillas. It's byob with counter seating with about 3 tables. Tiny place but oh so good!  Certainly one of the highlights of the Eraserhood. If I read one more review about how this place looks sketchy from the outside, I'm going to lose my mind. Get over it! It's not Rittenhouse Square! Inside is clean and welcoming and the owners/staff are talented and friendly.This place is the BEST! Gr8 food and I would order food here every day to support this business if that was economically feasible. Generous portions.Yum! The tacos al pastor are dynamite, and the burritos are huge! Come here if you're looking for authentic food and a welcoming experience...the place is small, but it's bursting with personality.Used the delivery option, my order had some simple requests (add onion etc) that were ignored and I didn't receive my side orders at all. The food was average and the restaurant didn't want to refund me for the missing item (?) luckily Yelp refunded me on their behalf. I wouldn't recommend for delivery."The Mexican hole in the Wall" 
Definitely does not look pleasing on the outside; however, the inside is well decorated, the staff is extremely helpful and friendly, and the food is authentic and delicious.
Ordered the El Pastor Sopas, Steak Tacos, and chips and salsa (Hot salsa)
Big fan of salsa and this salsa was authentic with a bit of a kick at the end. Perfect.
With 3 dishes shared among 2 people total came to $10.00 per person.
Only Con: Didn't have the dessert we wanted or enough El Pastor to make a taco.
Would recommend to friends for good and cheap Mexican food. Don't judge a book by its cover ;)