Great food, slightly over priced. Nacho mamas are great and so is the lobster.Being a Mexican that was born and raised in California has left me with a bit of a snobby complex when it comes to Mexican food. El Vez first and foremost, looks inviting and fun. Every time I walked by you would see these massive bowls of guacamole and it seemed like everyone was drinking margaritas. My mom and I tried to get a table but the wait was 2 hours and reservations were booked all the way into the next week. I decided next time I was in philly, I would call ahead and book a table. When I finally did eat there, I wasn't disappointed. The owner really put in the effort to keep the place authentic. The food was a little more gourmet than your average CA street taco man, but it was still delicious. The margaritas were strong and delicious and the guac was yummy too. Overall, a great experience.We were looking for a brunch spot, our first choice had to long of a wait so we tried this place. We never had Mexican themed brunch before, it was delicious! The service was good (not great but it met the need). It was not a long wait between ordering and getting our food. I would visit here again!We went here while on vacation in Philly last week. It was my favorite and most memorable meal of the trip! We had the original guacamole and it was amazing. I also had a delicious margarita. For dinner my boyfriend ordered chicken enchiladas which were really great, and i ordered the carne asada, which was the best thing of the whole meal. Michelle was our server and was really sweet! My boyfriend forgot his shopping bag there and they held onto it for us until we could come back the next day (in nyc where we live, that bag would have been gone!!!)I say this is the best/most creative Mexican food in Philly. For a college student or (poor) young professional, this is definitely a treat yo'self dining experience. But it's SO worth it!
Advice: 
1. This is my go-to margarita place, so definitely start with one! They're all wonderful, depending on your taste, and made with a generous amount of alcohol. I've had the original one as well as the pineapple margarita and both were delicious. 
2.Share some guac with your friends! De la hoya is my favorite! So fresh, and the chips are homemade and perfectly crispy.
3. Two Words: MACHO NACHOS. These are prepared in a large, skillet-type dish, so EVERY chip is nicely covered with toppings. Great for sharing between 3 or 4 people if you're all getting entrees as well. 
4. Try the Crispy Mahi Tacos for your meal! Beautiful presentation, fresh fish, and a complementary sauce that's the perfect combination of tang and spice. 
5. If you have room, order the corn on the cob as a side. This comes covered in cheese and savory spices. 
I've never had room for dessert at El Vez! Every time I leave, I'm happily full and already thinking about the next time I can go back!Overall a great menu, great atmosphere and great service. Really enjoyed eating here. 
Food: we ordered the Cesar Chavez guacamole which had Oaxaca cheese and pasila balsamic sauce as an appetizer. The guacamole had very unique flavors and the presentation was beautiful. For entree, I tried the chicken tacos which were deliciously seasoned and paired with a juicy salsa and a slice of avocado. The plate presentation was really beautiful as well. 
Atmosphere: the decor of the restaurant was really unique and beautiful - it's a very colorful restaurant. It's a loud environment since it seems to always be crowded and has a bar so if you are looking for a quiet sit down dinner I wouldn't recommend coming here. 
Service: the service was great, our waitress gave us ample time to order and was quick to get the food out to us despite it being crowded. 
My one tip is to make a reservation. We hadn't made one and were told it would be an hour and a half wait for 4 people at around 4pm on a Saturday which didn't seem to be a busy time for any other restaurants located near by. We were lucky and only ended up waiting about 20-30 mins and browsed the stores near by. So to be safe, definitely make a reservation if you don't want to wait!Being from Texas, I enjoy Mexican food and while traveling for work a co-worker found this place and fell in love!  I went twice while I was there and absolutely love the Chicken Tortilla Soup and I'm not a big soup person.  The Macho Nachos are big enough to serve 4 people and are better with Chicken than Beef.  They are famous for their different kinds of guacamole (I never had any but heard they were good).   I had the Blood Orange Margarita and it was pretty good.  
The place is a little pricey but is worth it.  Also they were kind enough to give us a call on our cell phone when our table was ready if there was longer than a 30 minute wait.
Kind of sad that I'm not traveling to Philly anymore because I will miss this place.The best blood orange margaritas. The sea bass tacos are amazing but small portions and pricey. Cool environment at the tables and bar. Must take a photo booth picture after a few margaritas and guacamole from the bar. Typically a very crowded environment from the bar to the wait.  Definitely make a reservationGreat atmosphere, good food, and delicious margaritas.I've only been here for the guac and mojitos to be honest, but neither disappoint. My favorite guac by far is the Cesar Chavez. I get it every time and the portion is  enough for a full meal. Hence why I only ever come for guac--I'm too full to order anything else.
However, I'm also too broke to order anything else. The prices are quite high. Also, you ALWAYS need to make reservations, and even if you get there on time, you're still waiting.
Atmospherically, the decor is nice, but it's always so loud. I find myself screaming at my friends whenever we're talking at the table.
I've come here a few times, but not often because of the price, the wait, and the loud ambiance. Though the mojitos are good, the guac is really the only thing that keeps me coming back.Always busy, always good food.  Can be somewhat touristy.  For a fun evening dinner with friends, highly recommended.  The wait for food, and a seats, and wait service are challenges.If you're looking for authentic Mexican food this isn't the spot, BUT it's still so damn good! The chips and guacamole were amazing. It's pretty pricey but worth it. I got a salad which I would not recommend as an entree it was basically just lettuce. But the vegan tacos were very delicious and the ambiance there is cool and lively. Nice place for a dinner with friends. They have a good selection of vegan/vegetarian items excepts the riceWe are new to the Philly area and had heard really great things about El Vez. We had a reservation last night at neighboring Lolita's but were a little early and figured we would stop into El Vez just to see what the typical wait is on a Friday night. We had checked out open table for reservations and didn't see any available so we were curious. 
We walked inside around 7:30 and were greeted by two restaurant hosts. They said hello and we asked what the wait was like. They told us it would be two-two and a half hours. I said "ok, no thank you, we just wanted to see about how long" and that we'd check back another time. As we turn to walk away,  one host says to the other audibly "YESS!" as though they were happy to not have any additional people on the waiting list. 
The encounter really disappointed us and kind of crushed any desire we had to make a reservation or even try the food in the future. As someone who has worked in the food service industry in the past, I can understand that having a long wait for your tables is stressful, however you should never leave potential customers feeling like you were ecstatic that they left.Enjoyed the brunch and margaritas at el vez. However, I would save a dinner for a different  resturaunt.Lovely place with very tasty food. Their guacamole is simply the best! Good selection of tacos and cocktails. Friendly servers, enjoyable ambiance. In brief, great Mexican place.Went on Sunday for brunch with my bf for the tortilla soup, it was  delicious. It's a shame the service was horrible this Asian girl to care of us, we ask for sugar for my caffe and she never brought it also she forgot to bring our chips... I won't stop going there bcs of the food I just wish the service was better. #foodamaizing #servicesucksGood food but can be really bad experience with worst waitress ever !
Our waitress was really bad, threw her attitude towards us. I don't know whether I would come again in the future as I was so pissed off
Don't recommend!!!'After an amazing experience at Buddakan, we decided to try a few more Stephen Starr restaurants hoping for the same experience, and have yet to be disappointed.
We arrived on a late Monday evening and were seated right away! Yay no wait!  We have walked by multiple times and see long waits quite a bit so this was a relief!  Ordered a pitcher of Margaritas that were good and strong.  They weren't the best I ever had, but they were up there.  For food, we ordered the classic guacamole which was very good as well and came in a larger size than I think we both expected.  My chicken quesadilla was very good.  The chicken was a pulled and marinated and was very juicy and tender and my date ordered the mahi mahi tacos which he said were perfect.  The restaurant itself has a great vibe which we really both enjoyed.  Solid food, solid prices for the quality of food, I would recommend this place.A great place for a celebration.  No, it's not authentic Mexican food, but what we had was well-prepared and tasty.  The guac has got to be the best in the city -- and I was happy to pay what they asked for some amazing crab guac.  Enchilada sampler was a little pricey, but tasty, especially the sauces (each different and each well-seasoned and flavorful).  My 18-year-old companion was thrilled with her grilled shrimp (fantastic seasoning) and crab tamale.  The orange flan is out of this world, as was my Zapata (vodka, strawberry puree, cranberry juice and basil).  I would seriously go back for guac, drinks and flan.  Perhaps El Vez isn't the best or the most authentic, but it was solidly good and really fun.I love El Vez. It's one of my favorite restaurants when I want strong drinks, good food and a fun atmosphere. I always get the Perfecto margarita. My friends and I always order pitchers. Their guacamole is one of the best I've ever tasted. I could eat it off of a boot, lol. Just about anything on the menu it good. I would definitely suggest this restaurant to anyone looking for a good night out.Great food, great service, one star off for being overpriced.
House made guacamole with mango and papaya was really good. Chips are fresh and delicious. The mahi tacos are great, although the portion is two tacos for $11. This place is more or less like Mexican tapas.
We actually went into this place on New Years Day thinking it was a diner. We decided to stay anyway and it was a good choice despite spending a bit more than we would have liked for lunch.El Vez is always a hit or miss for me. They have some of the best margaritas in town and their staff is always friendly and knowledgeable. But their food is never consistant. Sometimes I go and my meal is great, sometimes it doesn't live up to the last time. So, now I stick to getting the mexican chopped salad, which is even way to spicy sometimes.Have been here at least once a month and receive consistently good service, great drinks, and yummy food.
Service is always impeccable. Sometimes there's a wait, but it's a popular spot. Once seated, you're never waiting too long to see your server, and they are very good at refilling water and especially good at ensuring that you have enough cocktails and drinks. I'm not a tequila (and therefore margarita) fan, but I love their Pink Cadillac margarita! You can also get Corona on draft, which is the king of beers in my book. Their rojo sangria is sweet, but goes well with the spicy salsa that is served.
Consistently good food! The guacamole happily feeds a party of 5! No one is fighting for the last bits of scrumptious avocado.
Wide range of tacos to choose from and all have satisfied. I even got the Mexican chopped salad (with a side of beef) and it was HUGE.
The only thing that has been less than stellar were the enchiladas, which were made with a marinara tomato, and weren't quite what I had expected.
Otherwise, an obvious favorite of mine, and I take everyone who visits Philadelphia to El Vez.Fun place to go, above average Mexican food. Great nachos and quacDefinitely call ahead for a reservation! The food is amazing and if you like guac, you'll fall in love. I had the enchiladas, and they were next to perfection. Margaritas are great too! The staff are amazing too, extremely friendly and welcoming. I'll be coming back for sure.On one of the hot, hot days of the heat wave a few weeks ago all my friends and I wanted was a good margarita.  We walked all the way from Penn's landing to El Vez only to find that there was a supposed two hour wait for a table.  The crazy thing was that there were at least three tables empty throughout the place.  Luckily we snapped up three seats at the bar and got the margarita's that we needed to sooth our craving.  We also ordered one of their fancier guacs which wound up tasting just like regular guacamole.  Just OK.El Vez is definitely a destination restaurant in Philadelphia. I love El Vez as a place for celebratory occasions and impressing out of town guests. I particular love it as a happy hour place. The spacious bar, roomy atmosphere, and colorful decor is a great way to end a gray, dull work day. 
The service is always great and the host/maitre d' staff are always great. The front of the house is quick on its feet and I have always been seated quickly. 
While I prefer Mexican food from small tacquerias in South Philly, I have no complaints about the food. It's fresh and delicious and pairs perfectly with my cocktail of choice--usually margaritas.One word: MARGARITA!!!
I love coming here for early lunch, mid day lunch, dinner and late night. The atmosphere is fun and alive. The margaritas one some of the best qualities you will ever have. A pitcher, two or four between friends will surely fire up your night! The food is top quality, typical of a Stephen Starr Restaurant and the price also reflects that. 
This is my absolute go to when I have friends visiting from out of town. I've even had friends who came back to visit and wanted to return here so we did and have a blast. Nothing is more fun that coming here to get slightly tipsy and doing historical tour of Philadelphia. If you can make reservation, do it to avoid a possible wait.I came here for dinner and I was ready to eat a lot since I didn't have anything besides breakfast! We started with two kinds of guacamole, bazooka and Cesar Chavez! Oh man they were so good and I gotta say that bazooka was my favorite because I love goat cheese! Then i had the steak tacos, medium cooked and it was juicy and full of flavor! Then we ended the night with churros, they were hot and fresh, just the perfect way to end a very nice dinner!!!!My brother and I were very impressed with this restaurant- Delicious food, friendly service, incredible interior. 
We ordered the open face shrimp enchilada, macho nachos, and the taco tasting platter. The shrimp enchilada was tasty, but a little underwhelming. The nachos and the tacos on the other hand, were nothing short of flavorful. I never knew simple Mexican foods like these could taste so gourmet. I highly recommend these two menu options! 
Food is unreasonably overpriced, but the taste makes up for it. The staff know the menu very well and are great with recommendations. Ill definitely be back soon!Went here for a special dinner on a weekend trip. Food was good but service was pretty poor. Took an hour to get our food from the time we ordered. This was at 10 pm on a Saturday night when they were not as busy. Not sure I would return if I came back to Philly.Wow! I was so impressed by this place! This restaurant was on my list of must eats for Philly after reading the yelp reviews and being a huge Mexican food fan. El Vez did not disappoint. The food was amazing and fresh! We had the guacamole with mangos, red bell pepper, jicama and habanero peppers. It was unique and fantastic! We went during brunch time and my plate of huevos sopes which was basically a Mexican version of eggs Benedict was incredible. I also highly recommend the mahi mahi tacos....one of the best fish tacos I've ever had. Their menu items are Mexican dishes but with a unique flair. Put this on your list too!Love this place.
Best mojito ever.
Reminds of my good times in Mexico.I was blown away by the freshness of the guacamole, the taste and flavor were apt to make me float away. Freshly fried chips with a side of homemade salsa with just the right amount of smokey heat. For guac alone I give a hundred stars.
Drink prices, average for the area. Drinks were ok, not the best I've ever had. I had a "shrimp quesadilla" which was extremely tasty, I mean DELICIOUS! However... for $11... it was literally the size of a taco tortilla shell... the kind you get in an Old El Paso dinner kit. I'm torn about how I feel about that. Flavor, outstanding. Portion to value, sad face. Fact that I was downtown and probably should expect as much.... I'm not sure.
Which makes me saddest of all that I went to use the ladies' room... and my leftover was scooped up and tossed. Not necessarily the fault of the server, no one else at the table spoke up to save my $3.50 quarter of a quesadilla (after tax and tip).
The atmosphere is really loud, at least close to midnight on a Saturday. Definitely not a conversational type environment, though perhaps at other times of day it is.
I believe I'd come back, but just to hang out and eat the heck out of that guacamole.So everybody who goes here gets the guacamole.  It comes out with chips and salsa.  All is good.  But who needs food (the entrees tend to be overly small) when you get all of this?  First time I ate here I got an entry, and then couldn't eat it all.  This time I just got the Guacamole.  The prices are a tad high, but worthwhile due to the popularity of the restaurant.  The decor is kind of funky...not what I would call Mexican, and it does tend to be noisy, but the service has always been good.  
PROS:  Guacamole and chips are outstanding.
CONS: Funky decor, a bit loud, small portions on entrees, and relatively expensive.El Vez is Terrific-!  I was visiting from Los Angeles & when my brother wanted to take me for Mexican, I'm afraid I arrogantly set my sights pretty low-  I have eaten terrible Mexican food all over the world, & was expecting more of the same, But El Vez served me food made with wonderful ingredients, and lovingly prepared-  We shared a Crab Salsa and chips appetizer, that had big chunks of pretty nice crab, and cactus (nopales?) in a casera style fresh salsa-
   I also had Carnitas tacos, that were wonderfully fatty, tender, and tasty- really surprisingly good !!   I will return for sure-  El Vez is a gem, and is far better than many of LA's popular Mexican spots-Ordered Mahi Mahi tacos, chicken and pork tacos.. Everything was made different from each other and everything tasted absolutely delicious.. This place has got great ambience and Awesome service. Definitely recommend itI heard all the hype about this place... I mean I don't really get it. The food is good but nothing I'm dying to go back for... service kind of sucked , forgot stuff ,brought everything out at once ... I'm in no rush to go backThis is my favorite Mexican restaurant in center city! The atmosphere is vibrant and both food and drinks are solid. I always get one of the guacamole's, the Indian Red Lopez is one of my favorites with crab meat.  Margaritas are great, if you sit at the bar and order a pitcher, the bartender will refill your glass without you realizing - I particularly love that service.
Their photo booth is an added bonus, after a margarita it is always fun to take pictures with friends in the booth.  Great place to go with friends or even on a more casual date.Guacamole was 5 star but overall it was great experience. There was a 1 hour wait for dinner but they called us on our cell once the table was ready. This was great as it allowed us to shop the near by stores. Make a reservation if you can ahead of time.So my boyfriend and I had a gift card for here and we were excited to try it out. However you should most definitely make reservations ahead of time so we waited like 45 minutes to and hour for a table. I tried the dish of variety enchiladas and I did not like it at all. I did love the Tamarind tea. It was something different from sweet tea but has a very unique flavor profile. Also the atmosphere felt like if you weren't having alcohol then you weren't enjoying your visit. Our server was very nice and very helpful when answering any questions we had about the menu. We probably won't be going back.Stumbled upon El Vez while visiting Philly with my boyfriend and was pleasantly surprised. Nice colorful decor, great tequila selection and super crunchy tortilla chips (the best!) I got the chopped salad with grilled shrimp and it was fresh and plentiful. Would return.I stopped by El vez during restaurant week and couldn't argue about the price for the deal they gave us. Their tuna is by far one of my favorites and would love to try again if I get a chance. Although most servers were busy they were a to stop by here and there to help out. The bill came out to $407.00 because of the big group but was kinda upset that the last entrée I wasn't able to finish nor take home. I asked the waiter but they just took it away. Overall great restaurant, waiters just need to listen moreSuper tasty cocktails, guacamole, apps (tuna tostada) and mahi mahi tacos...however, very pricey, crowded. A fun novelty restaurant, and the token Starr experience. Get a group together and snag a big velvet couch. Bring dollar bills for the black and white photo booth shenanigans and not too much modesty for the shared-sink bathrooms. Funky decorations abound; it's a colorful experience, sure to be enhanced by psychedelics, or you can just spend a fortune on their cocktails for a similar if less refined type of effect.Spendy place. Prices were a bit steep for the portion size and quality of food. We ordered the pitcher of margarita because each single drink was about $10, which is a bit absurd considering the amount of alcohol in them were minimal. Ordered the chicken and beef tacos for two which came will all the fixin's and sauces on the side. The actual dish came out in a nice bit pot which was a great way to present it. The food was good but not amazing and definitely not worth the price. They gave us 8 tortillas but the meat could only make maybe 6 tacos and the rest of the pot was full of veggies. Mind you the veggies were delicious but I come from the south and the protein is suppose to be the star. 
Could not complain about the staff, super friendly waitress and hostess. We were fitted in and were told that the table was needed at a certain time, so they were upfront before seating us. Very professional and they were busy. The decor was cute, it was definitely a hipster vibe, would not call it Hispanic in origin but I liked the vibe of the venue. Large and small tables with booths. Open spaces, bar in the middle. Not too dark or bright. Overall, 5 stars for decor and staff, but only 2-3 stars for food, prices, portions, and absolutely no parking except for street (but of course it is the city so it is expected).This is a great Mexican restaurant. Guac and chips for appetizer is a must. Our waitress was so attentive and recommended the perfecto margarita which was great. A group of three and one pitcher was enough.  We had the chicken and adobo chicken tacos. The meat was well seasoned. I definitely recommend this place for a good sit down dinner and great Mexican food.Visited during the middle of a Saturday afternoon.  Ambiance was very bright and lively.  Service was prompt.  Chips and salsa were good.  Tried the chicken tacos and the mahi mahi tacos, both were very good.  Definitely not worth a special trip to Center City, but a solid option when in the neighborhood.Loved the trio guac taster!  Ordered from brunch menu and waffles and huevos rancheros are a must!  The bloody mary has high reviews but I personally thought it was way too spicy- like the bottom half of the glass was cloudy with pepper and I coughed after every sip!  But I guess a lot of people like it like that?  Also had the corn rice, fried yuca and corn on cob were delish.This is the hipsterest Mexican place you will find in Philly! Very cool decor with retro velvet wrap-around couches and a slick bicycle motif.  The appetizers were large and tasty, recommend the "macho nachos."  The entrees were kind of dinky but also quite tasty.I really really enjoyed this place!! The drinks were delish and strong! The decor was funky and cool.  The food was freshly prepared and excellent.  My family and I were happy with the cost as well as the perfect amount of food served.  I think it is a cool place to hang out with friends and drink as well.  Our waitress was the best.  She was patient and knew the menu well.  You would think that that would be a given for a waitress at a restaurant , but believe me it is not. The bathrooms were clean and had a cool set up with a unisex hand washing area. I look forward to returning to this place.Only stopped by for a quick drink.  It was good.  The tortilla chips were amazing and the salsa was a bit spicy, which I like :)This place is way overrated. Had the chop salad, huge pieces of Romain lettuce barely chopped, some random vegetables, and an awful bland vinaigrette. I told the bartender it was no good, she replied with "huh" and threw it in the trash. That was the extent of the follow-up I received. She didn't even ask if I would like it remade. Meanwhile, there were at least three managers standing around talking with each other, not one of whom checked on my satisfaction. 
This is my third bad experience in a row at El Vez. Over it.I love this place. I'm from Philly and I agree that it's a trendy- cool place to go. I also agree that it is a bit overpriced but the food has great flavor and I keep going back. I love ALL mexican food from the gourmet to the basic. The guacamole here is amazing, both the classic one and the other innovative ones are worth trying. It always hits the spot. The food can be rich so be prepared for that. I'm also a fan of the chopped salad. I get it every time. 
I also appreciate the bright colors and party-like atmosphere of this place. It is loud and the bar is often crowded but most of the tables are far enough apart that you don't feel cramped. For the most part the service is great and I've never felt rushed. 
Advice for first timers: make a reservation. At least a few days in advance if you want to go on the weekend.Really enjoy this place.  The food is solid and they give nice portions.  Also, even though it can get crowded in the evenings at both the restaurant and bar, they have an effective txting system to notify you when you're table is ready.  This allows you to go grab a drink while you wait at nearby bars.Their tortilla soup is one of my favorites next to their guacamole. Everything is tasty and fresh.Step 1 = make a reservation, gets extremely busy and having a reservation ensures you get a table
Step 2 = get a drink to start
Step 3 = order the nachos.  The portion is huge.  It comes hot, the amount of different flavors and toppings makes this absolutely amazing.  The chips are crisp and delicious.  Try it for yourself.
Step 4 = order the tacos al carbon, the portion is huge and absolutely delicious.  If you finish the vegetables, no worries, they refill it for free...The steak is tender and juicy.  Cooked to perfection, medium rare is the way to go and it ALWAYS comes out medium rare. The shrimp is loaded with flavor, cooked to perfection.  I have never had over cooked or under cooked shrimp here.  
Step 5 = stop reading this and go to step 1El Vez = El Fun!
Great food, fun atmosphere and yummy drinks.
Sure, it's a Stephen Starr "production" so you can expect the crowds and the hype, but why not relax and just roll with it. The nachos are great for sharing with the table while you sip on a drink and watch the crowd go by. Undeniably, this is a great spot for people watching.I'm not a native, but have traveled to Philly twice and both times have eaten at El Vez. Neither time was the food particularly memorable. However, the decor is very interesting and memorable. 
It came highly recommended. Its an interesting place, but it did not rock my world.The food and drinks are expensive.  The cheapest pitcher of margaritas is $36.  Food is decent.  My friends and I go here purely for social situations only.This is a trendy Mexican restaurant.  I'm originally from the West (where Mexican food is a staple), so I have mixed feelings about charging that much for classic Mexican dishes at a trendy place...  However, El Vez has a really great atmosphere, and the food is also delicious.  It's difficult to get really great Mexican food on the East Coast, and this place offers classic dishes with inspired twists to them.  I enjoyed the pork and fish tacos for my entree.  The guacamole and salsa appetizers were also delicious.  The Margaritas yummy.  The atmosphere was lively and fun, and the food was great.  In sum, El Vez is expensive for a traditional Mexican restaurant, but it doesn't fit that description.  This is "inspired" (New American) Mexican and Southwest food.  So, come here for fun experience!We came to have lunch at El Vez and it didn't disappoint.  We ordered their margarita and guacamole.  The margaritas were ok.  Not sure what all the hype is about.  The guacamole was pretty good but not the best I've ever had.  
Now onto the meal.  I got the chicken tacos.  OMG!!!   These were freaking delicious!!!  The flavor was spot on and I absolutely love little street tacos.  
My husband got the black bean enchiladas, he said the sauce was different but good.  He enjoyed them.
Another plus is it's not kid unfriendly.I consider it a shame that I haven't eaten dinner here yet.  However, I offer three words: Blood Orange Margarita.I've enjoyed El Vez in the past, but tonight was not so good. Shrimp on the tacos was tough and flavorless, tasted pre-frozen. The first margarita i had was waaaay too sweet and tasted pre-mixed. I asked the waiter to recommend a different margarita that was more citrus and less sweet, and he made a good recommendation, but the bartender overfilled and oversalted the glass, and my marg was more saltwater that anything else.  Stephen Starr knows better. Wheres the attention to detail that ElVez used to have? Maybe the perpetual crowds have made them complacent.AWESOME place.  First time I visited here was in August.  Now, I frequent this bar almost every time I am in the city!  Blood orange margaritas?  yes please!   I even tried to recreate these in my own house, to no avail. 
I have never been disappointed with El Vez.  Always has lots of people, great food (guac!), yummy margaritas and a photo booth!  BONUS!My girlfriend and I came here after a work meeting on a Friday night. It was absolutely packed. The wait was about 2 hours. Fortunately we were able to find seating at the bar within 15 minutes. They serve the full menu at the bar so we decided to eat there. 
We started off with a pitcher of the El Vez margarita. I was expecting it to be really sweet but it was a perfect balance of sour to sweet. Next we ordered "Bazooka" Limon gauc per the servers recommendation. Goat cheese with gauc sounds weird but OMG it was the perfect combination. The creaminess of the goat cheese with the avocado paired perfectly. For dinner we ordered half the Mexican Chopped Salad and Taco Tasting Platter. The half order of the salad was massive. The tacos were a usual size. Enough for each of us to have one bite of each. We subbed the carnitas for a veggie taco. I would say the sea bass was my favorite one. The fish was perfectly cooked and seasoned. It didn't taste fishy. 
Overall this was a great place to go on a friday night. The food is good, the service is ever better and the decor is fun. I would def recommend going here if you're in the food for Mexican. It's worth the wait if you can't find bar seating!Very lively location. Reservations recommended. Had a great time. I shared a shrimp tacos al carbon. It was fantastic with all the trimmings. We got it for two but fed three. In other words, the portion was big which justified the price by a lot.  One of my friends said that the name is the way Mexicans referred to Elvis. El vez. I just that that was funny good.Was in Philly on vacation...walked by on Friday, Saturday, Sunday- and everyone seemed happy, enjoying their time so I told my daughter we were going to stop by! And so we did...amazing atmosphere and the classic guacamole is just like home in LA! Margaritas were delicious and they had a nice tequila kick to them! Staff was sweet and friendly. Recommend to anyone visiting downtown Philly!#1 tip: make a reservation! This place is very crowded from late afternoon on, including the bar. While it's probably more well known for cocktails and dinner, my friend and I work in the area and sometimes go to El Vez for lunch. They have a lunch special where you get two items that can be mixed and matched from the menu and a soft drink for a reasonable price.  We generally have no problem getting a seat at lunch time and the service is fast enough that we aren't gone for too long.The guac trio here with crab, pineapple, and goat cheese were delicious. Especially the crab guac. It was different and I enjoyed it. The orange margarita was only delicious and the service was decent. It is a nice place for date night or friends night out.Only stopped in for a drink since we couldn't get a table for over an hour and fourty-five minutes.
Had a margarita on the rocks and wow-wee was it a drink! The ambiance was great and a smart stop for happy hour.  I wish we were able to have dinner but I guess next time we will go prepared to wait.I went there for lunchtime. It was so packed that I had to make a reservation a week before to get in. I really like the modern ambiance of the restaurant; colorful and lively. The place was a little pricey but was worth it. The chips and salsa were delicious and the chips were fresh. They had many different and unique kinds of salsa which looked amazing but I did not try them. The mole sauce on the enchiladas was delicious and sweet with a small kick to them. The plating was amazing as well with medium sized portions. Overall, I would give this place 8/10 and I would definitely go back for the dinner service.Horrible service while sitting at the bar. The margarita was "okay" but the staff was rudeI had to go for a work function, but there are worst things than never ending margaritas.  The decor is spot on as in all of Mr. Starr's establishments.  The guac is basically a must and you can tell it is made to order.  
The Caesar salad was surprisingly good.  I also enjoyed the mushroom quadrille and corn on the cob.  I will definitely have to go back and choose my own menu since there were so many things that sounded good.Good place to share a pitcher of pomegranate  margaritas. food and service are ok.This is a great way and party spot lol. Trust me when you go at night on the weekend you will understand. The drinks and food are good.My daughter and I have visited this establishment before and were very pleased.  So we made our way there again. It was super crowded and very noisy, which is expected. We opted to sit at bar, rather than wait a half hour for a table. (Plus that, I always like the more personalised service at bar.) 
We were quickly and amicably greeted and seated. Their prices are a bit high(hence 4 stars) but I love the place, the ambiance, the bathroom area(with the common sink) oh, and the delicious food. This time the guac tasted a little different and not as tasty. But the quesadillas and the mahi mahi tacos did not disappoint, at all.El Vez was fantastic- as a lover of Mexican food, this was such a treat.WE LOVE EL VEZ. For about two months straight, my boyfriend and I were coming here every Friday night. We have always just gone without a reservation and waited at the bar while having one of their great margaritas. The wait is never as long as they say it will be; usually on a weekend night they say somewhere between 1-2 hours and the most we've ever waited was probably 30 minutes. I always order a strawberry margarita, which isn't on the menu, but it's probably my favorite and I believe it's a few dollars cheaper than the options listed. Their carnitas tacos and tinga quesadilla are my faveeee! Portions aren't huge but the flavor makes up for that. 
On top of their great food and drinks, the service is always on top of things and friendly. They make sure you're drink is always full and the atmosphere is perfect for having a good time and laughing out loud. No one will here you because everyone is doing the same and having a great meal! We've always had good experiences here and we'll keep coming back for more.Can't go wrong with a delish blood orange marg and some banging guac.I finally made it to El Vez, after years of hearing and seeing check-ins on facebook about this restaurant.  
The decor is retro, funky, fun. As other yelp reviews have said, it is loud. 
Margaritas are probably my most favorite cocktail. I was excited to try the El Vez original and pink Cadillac.  Both were good, but I've had better.  Nothing to rave about honestly. 
The guacamole on the other hand was delicious. I would highly recommend ordering this appetizer, which is a very generous portion.
For my main course I got the shrimp tacos.  They were very light and fresh.  It was just enough, especially after the guacamole and drinking margaritas. 
Overall, I think this place is slightly over rated.  It is good food and a fun atmosphere, but I can think of a hand full of Mexican restaurants that are just as good or even better.