This is one of those places best suited for when the company is paying for happy hour and you need somewhere next to the office. 
However, I thought it was mediocre for that, even. Every beer I've tried there during happy hour tasted off somehow. The appetizers were decent. The entrees are greasy and heavy. I just don't see myself going there alone or with friends.Food often comes and does not meet the description on the menu. Go weekdays during the construction. Loud drilling. Terrible experience.Staff is friendly and atmosphere is OK. Food could be better for sure. The mashed potatoes were too cold and not fluffy at all. Maybe microwave. Agree that the place survives because of the Hotel next door where I stayed.This is everything you could want in a pub.  Short of importing people from Great Britan, they have it all.  A great selection of beer on tap: Boddingtons, Guinness, Harp, Smithwicks, Bass and my favorite, Fuller's London Pride.
The staff is friendly, the place is clean, the TV's are big and the beer is cold.  I had the fish and chips.  The fish was cooked to perfection - crispy.T'saigt.  Pronounce that exactly as written. Tss-ay-t.
For a Brit pub, I figured it would be dope.  I've been to tons of pubs in London and all dem ishes were dope and note-worthy.  This spot...not so much.
They do have London Pride (my fave) and a bunch of other craft beers on tap, so that's a plus.  The bartender was chill yet chatty, another plus.  The burger I had was not tender and juicy, yikes.
This spot is connected to the Sonestra hotel...and bars connected to hotels tend to be cheesy (cuzadatouristsstayinthere).   
As we were getting tanked, I noticed the patrons sitting all around us and thought to myself, "man, there are a lot of fat people in the United States".OH MY GOD-- worlds worst food.
My employer provided us a lunch at Elephant and Castle a few months back, and it was one of the worst meals I have ever been served (and not cheap).
I am a vegetarian and was nervous about their options, so I called before we went. Staff was slightly helpful, having to place me on hold to determine whether certain dishes were made with chicken broth, etc. 
I decided to play it safe and go with a Waldorf salad. I could not have been more wrong. I took a large bite and immediately wanted to spit. The lettuce was wilted and the nuts were overly sugared-- the whole salad was sopping in dressing. It was as if the dressing was supposed to disguise the fact that the lettuce was probably a week old. Needless to say I took one more bite and was done. I should have ordered french fries but you never know if they'd screw that up too.
Do yourself a favor and go ANYWHERE else.Stopped in on Friday night for happy hour. All of their Domestic Draughts were five dollars for happy hour as well as house wines.   Great draught selection (about 20) and prices are great.  Best of all they had free live music that started at six and went on past when I headed home around eight.  My friends and I ordered a couple apps, the pretzels and lettuce wraps. Both were awesome! Would definitely recommend to anyone for some good beer and food!Unfortunately, I never finished my review and it's a year later that I was here, but thought I should post this even so.  If it weren't for the manager, who was very nice and concerned, I would have given this place a Zero.  We went here to watch the closing ceremony of the Olympics in London 8/12/12, figuring that since this was an English Pub, it would be appropriate.  Boy were we wrong.  The guy at the bar had an attitude from the moment we sat down at the bar.   We ordered two beers and asked for menus.  He only gave us one, so we asked for another, and he told my friend to relax and slow down.   The food was a whole other story and mediocre at best, but I could live with that as long as the service is good.  Both sucked, and the manager even comped the bill, but what the waiter did at the end prompted this rating.  I asked for a glass of water earlier, and he didn't ever bring it.  So I asked again, and jokingly asked if he forgot.  Slight smile.  So he pours a glass of water just 5 ft in front of me, then rather than just handing it to me, he sets it aside to pour a draft beer for someone.    That's when I told him to drop the attitude and if didn't like his job he should get another one in a different business. I even left him a 20%tip, and he handed it back to me, which I gladly took.   
Once again the Mgr did come over and apologized, and wanted to know what happened.  Such a shame how one employee with a negative or Bad attitude can put an entire place out of business.It's been so long since I've been here that I can't recall the details, but I remember that my last visit was bad enough (food & service) that I decided to never go back.I agree with Russ C.  The Elephant & Castle serves its purpose, in this case to be attached to the Crowne Plaza and therefore served as a place to have a last drink at the end of the evening and chat with friends who were also staying at the hotel.  
We arrived in Philly really late after a long day of travel with little food, and seeing as how we were on West Coast time, felt like it was time for dinner.  Happily the E&C was still open and we were able to get some pretty good halibut & chips.  
We stopped in for a night cap the rest of the nights we were in town and got decent drinks at a decent price, and our server even remembered us & what we liked to drink.This pub was decent.  We went specifically for typical British/Irish food for St. Patty's before going out to Irish pubs, and were not disappointed.  The shepherd's pie and the chicken pot pie were both really good.  The drinks were fine - nothing too fancy or special.  We had whiskey and Guiness, so nothing too unusual.  I'm not sure I would return since I am looking for more exciting items on menus, but if you are looking for good quality British food, then this place will not disappoint.I had the Bangers and Mash and for the most part it was great. It came with 3 onion rings (they tasted more like pancakes... which is cool), mashed potatoes with garlic, 3 banger sausages (4 would''ve been apropos), baked beans, and LAST BUT NOT LEAST... CHUTNEY!
I'm no chutnoisseur, but this was the best chutney (apples) I've ever had. So sweet and so spicy at the same time. I loved it! I tried one slice at the start and I just knew that I had to save all the rest for last. I finished off the chutney right before the credits and there wasn't a dry eye in the house. 
There wasn't anything I didn't like about the food. I suppose I chose wisely. The waitress was a bit slow with the water. I didn't get a drink. A couple of nearby tables asked for refills on their water about the same time we did. 
Overall, we went here because we were hungry and the place we originally wanted to try was closed and we ended up wandering. I didn't notice the less than stellar reviews until after I'd already ordered. I'm glad that I didn't have such a bad experience. I'd like to return at least once and if I do, I'll be sitting outside. By the way this place is quite spacious.Very good lunch. Surprisingly great lunch. But salad is ordinary dry lettuce. Get cooked dish like fish.I tried to avoid coming here based on the other reviews but my buddy insisted.  Unfortunately, my experience was in line with what other people thought.
Stopped in here for Friday happy hour and grabbed a table outside.  First, we attempted to order Guinness.  That didn't work because they were out of it.  Ok, let's try Boddington's.  Same story.  I inquire about the beer selection and the most interesting things on the list were the Fuller's London Pride and the Dogfishhead 60.  I get a London Pride.
We order some food.  Spinach artichoke dip and fried calamari.  Chips and dip tasted re-heated.  Calamari actually wasn't awful but it couldn't save the whole experience.  We got ditched by our waitress for a good 40 minutes at one point.  Other tables in our section nominated one person from their table to go to the bar to get beers.
I really have no reason to come back here.  At least I gave it a shot.This place is located in the Crowne Plaza Hotel.  Went here for dinner after a meeting and was not happy with the entree at all.  
Appetizers...calamari and quesadillas were pretty good.  I liked the dill sauce that came with the calamari.  
Strip steak ordered medium was nasty.  It came out rare and full of fat.  On the side was two ice cream scoops of mashed potatoes...not too bad tasting.  The others at my table had undercooked meat as well.  We didn't ask for another dish, because we just wanted to wrap up and leave.  The atmosphere is British pub with a musty smell.  Crowd was mostly business people stopping in after work and hotel hotel guests.  Servers were attentive and pleasant.  
I am not interested in having the steak here again, but would go back to try their fish and chips.No wonder the Cherry Hill one closed down.
The food was over cooked and the service was horrible.  It took our server 25 minutes (yes we timed) to serve us our 1st round of drinks...her excuse?  Some people tried to run out on her and she had to chase them down the block blah blah blah...yeah, we saw here come over, eye us, and realize she forgot the drinks and ran back to the bar.  How did a one hour happy hour turn into a 2 1/2 hour happy hour? Oh no good sir, not by having a good time. I wish! If i'm going to sit there for 2 1/2 hours, I better have more than 2 beers!
Did I mention this was on a slow Monday?
Positive side? It took her under 5 minutes to retrieve her tip from our table.They didn't want to serve us nachos or drinks. Why be a pub if you're going to hate on your patrons?My wife & I were staying in the Crowne for a few days. It was midweek in the middle of the afternoon when I decided to go down to the lobby for a drink & a bite while my wife worked on her laptop back up in the room.
The bar was empty but I looked about & a couple of tables were occupied. I situated myself in front of one of the flat screens whatchin' ESPN for about 10 minutes while I spied the lone female bartender looking busy without actually doing anything. She finally approached me & asked for my order. How long does it take for a bottle of Stella to reach a patron at the bar? Apparently, at this pub, longer than expected...
I got my phone out, checked the Yelp reviews & found that this was not the place to be for a bite. I heeded my fellow YELPers advice not to feast here, ordered another beer, headed upstairs & waited for my wife to finish her work so that we could grab a bite somewhere other than the E&C Pub.
A solid two stars for the establishment & service, an extra star for cold bottled beer & ESPN on the flatscreen. 
Eat well & drink responsibly. This has been another deez® public announcement. Thanks for readin'.This place makes me want to stab myself every time I have to go there (a group that I belong to chooses to go there because it's the only place empty enough to fit us all, which really says something...)  Even in the winter, it is unbelievably hot.  As for the drinks, I have to quote a friend on this one, "A chain restaurant with draft beers that taste like a public toilet smells just seems like a waste in a city of literally thousands of possibilities."Came here for quick lunch with the hubs. Calamari starter came quickly and was tasty. I had the chicken curry with mango chutney. Very tasty again. BBQ cheddar burger had nothing memorable about it but the chips (French fries) was thick cut and crispy. Love it. Server was quick and friendly.
Minus one star for my dirty glass.  Will be back.Okay, the only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is because I've had worse service and [I realized at the end of the meal] this is a hotel restaurant.
The hostess seemed confused by my boyfriend and I entering, and decided what table to place us at after visually scanning the restaurant twice (rather than any seating chart or table:waitress ratio). The waitress came to get our drink order before we even finished getting our winter gear off.  Additionally, she asked if we knew what we wanted before we looked at the food menu; and then, came back a second time while we were clearly still discussing the menu.  I'm not sure if I'm being overly critical; however, I was a server for two years, and I know it's not that difficult to pick up on body language for appropriate timing.
The appetizers were the best thing about the meal: the onion soup (really good with a variety of cheese) and the bruschetta (lotsa tomato). I got the bacon & blue cheese burger (which came with a pickle. really?) well done, which was so awfully charred I had a few bites.  My boyfriend (who is biased because he's had real English shepherd's pie) said his shepherd's pie tasted somewhat similar to pulled pork and his salad was clearly a near-expired bagged mix without dressing.
I won't give one star because our waitress was nice and the appetizers weren't bad.Happy hour is good. $3.50 well drinks and $4.50 wine and 20oz beers. The staff is also friendly (I've been down there the last 3 nights and it's been different people everytime, so I can say it's been good across the board).
The food is horrendous. Chef Irvine would spit it all out and flip a table and maybe stab a puppy. They use no fresh ingredients. They douse things in rosemary and other spices to cover for it. Most of the food comes out lukewarm. Salads are drenched and soggy. I was comped meals by my job as I'm here for a conference (and staying in the attached Sonesta), but I would never buy food here with my own money.
If you do go, the sweet tater fries are very good. The pretzel sticks are amazing. Seriously. Shepard's pie is awful. Avoid. I also had one of the open faced sandwiches. Nothing special at all. Wings are mediocre and have almost no sauce on them. 
Skip this place unless you want some happy hour drinks and a nice app.Glad it was so close to hotel I was at, but it was somewhat disappointing in a city known for its culinary excellence. Blackberry tea was great though!!  The butter chicken, okay.In trolling for a place for dinner while in Philadelphia for business, I came across this place.  What drew me in was the availability of poutine.  Not something I see everyday down here in the Carolinas.  
Service was good -- the waitress took excellent care of me.  The availability of beers was decent, with a couple of local offerings among the mix of domestics and imports.  As for the poutine (I ordered the bacon poutine), it was just okay.  It didn't really wow me, and it would have been nice if there would have been more cheese in it.  
Price point was about what I expected.  Overall, it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't awesome.I work near this place and have never gone to eat there but decided to try today witha  co-worker who really wanted to have the poutine.  The poutine isn't very authentic but was way better than the raw chicken tenders than I got served!  Kudos for the waitress and manager for quickly taking the chicken tenders off the bill and comping us a dessert.  What I did eat was just mediocre.  Too many good choices in the area to go back again.This is not really a place to go for food. This is a bar that has a few items on the menu so that they can serve liquor. Really noisy and panhandlers come up to the tables inside and beg. Guess if they get enough money they can head right for the bar. Gave it 2 stars because of their beer selection.The worst food. I am surprised they bothered to take the paper off the burger before they pretended to cook it and pair it with cold fries.Update:  The manager sent me a gift card and asked me to try again.  Had the fish and chips which was ok.  Good service.- Crappy bartenders
- Expensive beers/cocktails
- Boring, mass produced food
Please don't make me go again :*(Came here for a quick lunch while I was staying at the hotel. I only ordered the nachos and they were not very good. Barely had any flavor. My boyfriend ordered a burger which he liked, but the fries were exceptionally good.
Overall, an average pub. Good for drinks and games but the menu isn't anything special.Kinda' like Kildares. The best menu item, in my opinion, was the beef stew. And this looked like a great place to have a drink (for the older set). 
All in all there was nothing spectacular or memorable about our dinner. If you are not a smoker, eat in the CC location, not in the NJ one.Bleh.. everything was lacking from the service to the quality of the food.  Plus they were doing drunk karaoke the whole time which killed any good vibes that were already hard to find.  Never stepping foot in this place again!If you're expecting an English Pub, than you're going to be sorely disapointed.  Absolutely no vibe...Food lacks any real appeal..Reminds me of a wannabe airport bar...Elephant and Castle serves its purpose.  Slightly upscale compared to chains such as Chili's, but definitely not where I would take someone to celebrate their birthday.  It's location makes E&C an attractive after work spot for happy hour, but I would grab food somewhere else as the grub is very average.
Service is good, and bartenders are friendly.  Elephant and Castle serves beer and booze, thus it will pass for a spot to go for happy hour.  But on all accounts E&C is more like a 2 bedroom condo than a Castle.We came by for a Friday night happy hour and were pleased to get a large table in a relatively quiet area - it was a relief not to have to shout over loud noises or be constantly jostled by other patrons or harried servers. The happy hour special is $5 appetizers, so I ordered the Chicken Tenders which were puffily breaded and heavily fried (think General Tso's chicken without sauce...not so pretty when naked). I tore off the pillowy, billowy breading and just ate the chicken. I wouldn't order the food again, but would go back for a low-key drink.In town for a wedding and our friends stayed at the hotel so we met them for drinks. I'll admit, we did not try the food. However we did drink at the bar for a good four hours. Unfortunately the bar service was an absolute joke. Besides being absolutely inept the bartenders were rude. The bar is large but that is no excuse for slow service it for attitude. For those visiting the area this is NOT the place to be.I remember really enjoying the Elephant and Castle location in Washington but I didn't have such a good experience here. This place is terribly overpriced especially for breakfast (expect to pay $10-15 for a small tasty but unfilling breakfast). This may have something to do with its location inside the Crowne Plaza hotel but whether it's their prices or mediocre service, you'll never see this place full of people. When I was there I had pretty horrible service with our waiter forgetting about us and us sitting with empty plates finished for quite some time before a different waitress asked us if we needed help and she hunted down our waiter for us (pretty pathetic keeping in mind there was probably only 8 people in the entire restaurant). Even if I was staying in the Crowne Plaza I wouldn't come here unless I couldn't go far and someone else was covering the bill.E&C is a fairly bland spot.  Not much going on with the food or beverage selection. I had the fish and chips and was bored to tears.  Even my bloody mary bored me.  The bar looks promising and the space is fairly large but the service sucked and the food just did not meet my not very high hopes.
Blah.Good restaurant. I've been here several times for lunch and the salads and burgers never seem to disappoint. 
I also came for Center City sips once. The crowd is a little older, but the appetizers were great and the bartenders/waiters were awesome.Not bad for a hotel bar but nothing special about this place. It was convenient and they have a decent selection but the cocktails were just average. On a positive note they have great wings and the house made blue cheese dressing is good. If you stay at the Sonesta I am sure you will find yourself here but if it's a solid bar your looking for you might want to keep walking.Poutine is not authentic.. They don't even use cheese curds. Just globs of white crappy cheese. And the gravy is gross. This is coming from someone who's had real poutine in Montreal. Don't even waste your money.Wow, from others reviews I must have hit this place on a good night! Went on Saturday night at 6 pm, and was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere was pub style (which I do like) and the service was good, though a bit pushy considering the restaurant wasn't sold out. Dinner was good, hot & fresh, we had the meatloaf & mash, and the fish & chips. I will go back again to try another entree, it was definitely a good experience.
The booths are comfy and seating is not too close (which I like), prices are reasonable, and it wasn't loud and although connected to the hotel, it didn't feel like a hotel lounge type restaurant.Our airline puts us up here for layovers.  Service was good enough. I had the pasta with spinach, mushrooms, chicken and cherry tomatoes.  Not bad.No WiFi (unless you stay in the hotel, according to a waiter).  In my world, this is a reason for two stars off automatically.  The breakfast was fine.1 quick caveat; I was here for St. Patricks Day, so this review is obviously going to be different than a normal visit here. I'll make this one quick and be sure to update when I actually make it here for a proper visit.
While roaming the streets, just looking for somewhere to whet our whistles, my friends and I decided to pop in the The Elephant & Castle. (I think the fact they had karaoke had something to do with it.) We came in and the place was a bit crowded at the bar, (which, of course it was....it WAS St. Paddys Day) but eerily empty everywhere else. In spite of that, and really, BECAUSE of that, we decided to sit down and grab a bite to eat. 
First impressions were that the menu is EXTREMELY small. There may have been 4 or 5 items; standard fare: wings, burger, nachos, wrap....I got the burger, Jon got the wings and Brian the nachos. Everything came out quick and tasted good. Pretty standard pub fare. The nachos plate was HUGE. 
Because we were drinking, both there and before we got there, and that, because of my Irish heritage, I was treated to the meal, I don't remember what it all cost. I didn't hear any gasps or complaining so I can assume it wasn't anything too outrageous.
Again, I'll make it there one day and give it a proper review and update.
Oh, the people on karaoke absolutely sucked, but thats not  the Pubs fault.Came here for casual Valentine's dinner and drinks. I really liked the atmosphere (relaxed pub atmosphere). I got the reuben with a side of poutine which was pretty yummy. I deducted a star for the wait staff. He was very nice and informative, but he didn't come over too often despite the lack of other patrons. Overall though, check it out. Nice place to chill with some beers.Stopped in there for a quick lunch on my way home from the office, since it was right around the corner and my company is new to the neighborhood. We found it all but empty, apart from the bar, which gave me pause, but we decided to give it a shot anyway.
Our server was good - not great, but good. She was as attentive as she could be, but never intrusive. The food came out fast and was generally passable. 
It definitely wasn't as bleak as the reviews would lead one to believe. My partner was with me and was so excited to see they had Yorkshire pudding on the menu. She's been craving it for months. When it arrived, we were sad to find it deflated and lifeless - although the flavor was generally nice and she said that it wasn't the worst she's ever had (but certainly not the best). My shepherd's pie was a tad oily and didn't overly excite me. I ended up eating about half of it, but I did leave full.
We did, however, split the traditional poutine and both enjoyed it.
2 stars for food, 4 for service = 3 overallI am a regular at the Elephant & Castle and am honestly surprised at the bad reviews I'm reading.  A group of girlfriends and myself venture in there about once a week for lunch.  They are always super accomodating, whether it's 2 of us dining or 15, they manage to squeeze us in.  I've never had a bad meal there either!  My girlfriend didn't like how her burger was cooked one time (I'm pretty sure my friend ordered the wrong temp, haha! ), regardless, our server whisked it away and brought out a fresh one, no problem. They have tons of great beers on tap and always have these seasonal cocktails that are to die for.  Most recently I had a lemon basil drink that was incredible!  I would suggest checking this place out for yourself, it surely won't disappoint!This restaurant is in a hotel and is the place to eat in addition to billing itself as a pub. I went for breakfast as I prefer not to have to leave the premises at this time of day. In hindsight, I should have found a different place. 
I had their egg sandwich which in addition to "scrambled egg" contained cheese and tomato. These were put on sliced whole meal/sunflower seed bread. The problem was that everything had been cooked in some old, strange tasting grease, definitely NOT butter, which was the only flavor that could be tasted. Upon visual inspection the egg consisted of a very thin pancake which had been folded multiple times, cheese seemed to be the real thing although flavorless and the tomato looked red, which is not a surprise this time of year. 
Coffee was decent and so was the service.Not really impressed. The decor gave me a nostalgic feeling; for a moment I felt like I was walking into my old local pub. That quickly went away when the bartender took told us that only domestics (crappy domestics at that) were on special for happy hr. 
Prices weren't worse than anywhere else in CC, and the service was less than spectacular. Don't be fooled by the food menu; the dishes labled "to share" are anything but. Everyone is better off ordering their own thing unless you're into communion cracker sized portions (so i exaggerated a bit). 
On a positive note, their spring rolls are great, and their imported beer selection is acceptable.Nothing amazing about this pub, but it's centrally located and usually has a pretty good atmosphere.  I generally wouldn't go out of my way to eat/drink here, but if I'm in the area, it's a pretty good option.
Service, prices, and menu are all reasonable - a good variety of standard pub fare.  The fish and chips are pretty good - as good as anywhere else I've tried in the city. Price is ok too (I think about $12 which is pretty average).Not too much to say about E & C.  It was the restaurant attached to the Crowne Plaza lobby, so my group went for a snack and a drink in the late afternoon.  It was crowded because of a basketball game, so lots of sports fanatics, but it wasn't as loud and crazy as one would expect.
Waitress was crazy busy but did get things done quickly, so I wasn't too concerned.  She did have a bit of a 'tude, but whatever.
I ordered a Side Car, which was done well for only $7.  My two friends ordered Grey Goose Cosmos for $14 a piece.  Significant jack up in price when asking for the Goose, which we discovered is the trend in Philly.  When did Philly become so expensive.  It wasn't this way when lived here.  I also ordered French Onion soup, which was tasty and piping hot.
All in all, nothing special.  2.5 stars if I could do so.  Went purely for the convenience of being in the lobby of my hotel.Meeeeeeh.  WORST SERVICE EVER.
I stayed at the Sonesta hotel, which is attached to this Elephant & Castle outpost.  I'm familiar with the chain.  I've never been super impressed.  However, when you've been traveling all day and desperately need food and it's on the late side of the evening and you're from Chicago and not really in the mood to get lost in Philly hunting for a restaurant, this was what it was going to be.
Our server couldn't have been lamer.  He took at least 20 minutes to bring me a Sprite and a Coors Light when there were maybe 10 other people in the restaurant.  He was talking about how he's leaving soon to be a ski bum or some shit and I was like, 'Bro.  You may be quitting your job soon but I need a drink now.  Hop to it."
Food?  Eh.
I'm not into it.I am so disappointed with this Elephant & Castle location. I have eaten at the one in Ottawa (Ontario), the two in Washington DC and now this one in Philadelphia. This experience was not like the ones I have had at the other locations.
My food was served warm, not hot. The staff wasn't particularly attentive. And the food was overly salty. It has potential given it's location, but needs a lot of work.Meh.... Salt and pepper. Thats it for seasoning. Its like Applebee's, but with Good beer. The fish and chips aren't too bad, and the sheppards pie aint bad either. But they arent very good. So that kind of leaves you at "meh". 
I hate the words "Yorkshire Puddings" it just sounds glopy and gross.Eh. I sure wish I liked Elephant and Castle because it's in such a convenient location and my job gets me a small discount there.. but no dice.  I've been there twice and it's been less-than-great service, and the food is just alright.  It's your standard Pub looking interior with the dark wood and random vintage things nailed all over the walls.  The menu isn't that extensive, and they have a weird tag-line printed all over their napkins and menus, "Bang on!!"  No thanks.I had a pretty good experience at E & C (contrary to most of the reviews on here). My bf and I were wandering around, looking for a cool place to eat and E & C had the World Cup game on, and looked low-key, so we went inside, not realizing it had an English bent to it. Not that we were disappointed, in fact, we liked it even more that way. The decor is nothing special, traditional pub stuff, but the food and drink were pretty good!
We ordered beers--Blue Moon and Sam Adams--and food--Fish and Chips and the Roast Beef Stuffed Yorkshire. To be honest, both were really delicious. The least favorite part of my meal was probably my fries, which were unimpressive, but the Cod Fish and Chips were delicious in tartar sauce, and my bf's Roast Beef Stuffed Yorkshire was delicious! Accompanied by green beans, the roast beef was slathered in yummy gravy and placed inside a bread bowl (yorkshire pudding)--super tender onions and mashed potatoes were delicious underneath the yorkshire pudding. I think we were both really satisfied with our food.
I wouldn't recommend the place as a must-go, but if you're in the area, and want a brew and some delicious English fare, by all means, I say stop in!"I agree wholeheartedly .
This IS the UK version of TGI Friday's.
And it's pretty Meh.  The fried fish & chips and decent - but predictably greasy and salty.
The food is bland, boring "formula" cooking and the staff are pretty bored with it all."I am going to give Elephant & Castle 3 stars because I had a great time here with a group of friends.  I went to E&C to celebrate a co-workers promotion.  Our waiter was cool and attentive.  We had drinks and appitizers.  The wings and fries were ok but nothing special.  I would definately stop in for a quick drink but I dont think I would have too many meals here.I dislike Fish & Chips in general, but I wanted to try them here to see if they weren't gross.  They were slightly less gross than most places.
The Yorkshire Puddings, however, were nast-y.   I ordered it based on the fact that my dining companion ordered it once and I was like "mmm yorkshire pudding mmm" but mine were deflated and chewy.  Plenty of yummy brown gravy to drown it in though. 
Man, I went to Elephant & Castle once on St. George's Day expecting them to at least acknowledge it being an "English Themed" restaurant.  Whatevs.Decent enough burger. I went late enough that their menu was smaller than usual. Kind of a cool Brittish pub look to it, and the wait staff was great. Perhaps it was because of the late hour, but my experience was that this was safe. Not great, not bad, safe. Easy place to hang out.This place survives on location alone.  So many issues:
1. The food is blah at best.  I had a decent lamb sandwich once, but of the two times I ordered the burger, I got sick afterwards each time.  Definitely undercooked.
2. Slow and inept service.  The employees have zero sense of urgency.
3. Requiring a keycard to use the restroom?  Laughable.
The only saving grace is that it could be a good bar environment to grab a pint after work, but the restroom issue kills that.Went here for happy hour, the drinks were watered down, rum & coke, the waiyer said no wiskey drinks for happy hour, my friend had martini which he said was part of happy hour and we were charged 7.50 per martini anyway, and she said they were watered down.  We had the calamari, eww, and the spinach dip eww we did not eat them, they were awful....guess i should have gone with previous reviews....not good. Sorry...staff seemed nice enough.Oh lawd!  I just ate the most horrifc lunch at E & C.  A meatloaf sandwich - wherein the meatloaf contained multiple bone fragments.
Sooooooo disgusting,
Fortunately they took it off the bill.
I used to tolerate E & C - I will now NEVER go back on my own accord.  (Alas, some co-workers insist on dragging me here.)
BLECH!I have been here about 5 times. I usually get a burger or a club.  It is usually good.  Occasionally the service can be slow.  At the bar however they are always quick and have great martinis.  It is a good happy hour spot. The poutine is also good.Decent Happy Hour drink deals and Happy Hour "sharing plates" deal.
Don't come looking for great quality food.2.5 stars, to be fair.
The turkey club (wrap) was decent; sweet potato fries were good enough. The happy hour cabernet tasted like a rejected Two Buck Chuck but what do you expect for $5?
I'd go back for lunch and a beer - mediocre bar food at best.Mommy, I gotta go pee pee!  That is what I should had said when searching for a rest room after downing a few pints.  There is no men's room in the restaurant, so after searching, I spot a sign near an exit "toilets in the lobby". I then realize a key card is needed to enter, thus preventing the flotsam and jetsam in this neighborhood from relieving themselves! I ask the hotel front desk clerk for a key, he said I should have picked one up from my bartender at E&C! I said, "buddy, if I don't get into the restroom soon, something's going to happen that hasn't occurred since I was writing on the blackboard in Sister Stella's second grade class". I got the key card. I felt like I was at a gas station in Bug Tussle asking for a restroom key and receiving on attached to a 2x4 so you would return it.  Total B.S. 
As for the beer, at least they serve it in big glasses, had some crap from Shiner and it was flat, so it was lousy, but at least it was a big pour of lousy. There are far better options nearby, but I'm sure the hotel keeps this place full.This place was okay but I definitely would not recommend going here- unless you happen to be staying at the Crowne Plaza...Such were my circumstances when I arrived in Philly late at night and checked into my hotel. After a long day of work and driving, I just didn't feel up to exploring but I was hungry and thirsty for a tall glass of some suds. I ordered up some fish n chips and a Fuller's (one of my favorite food/drink combinations). The Fuller's was as good as ever but the f&c was just so-so. I definitely cleaned my plate but I won't be coming back for more thankyouverymuch...I just came back from a lunch with coworkers and several of us were sorely disappointed--especially those of us who ordered the chicken/brie on flat bread sandwich.  What we received was completely dried out, non-seasoned chicken on dry flat bread with maybe one small slice of brie.  We started eating and all of us could not make it through the first half of the sandwich.  Finally, we called the waitress over to point out that the sandwiches were dry and inedible and she asked if she could bring us any condiments to make the sandwiches better.  We asked for tomato, lettuce, pickles, and garlic mayo to spread (the sandwich had mentioned it would come with garlic mayo but did not).  After we spread the mayo on the bread and placed some lettuce and tomato between the bread slices, we could finally make it through without chocking on dry, bland chicken.  It was edible but by no stretch of the imagination any good.  Two of our coworkers got the club sandwich and said it was nothing to write home about--the bare minimum.  One coworker got the thai salad and he said the same--that it was edible but not very good.  The only lunch that passed was one of the burgers with fries.  Our waitress was great and split the check for us so the service was good but the food? FAIL.DO NOT EAT HERE!  $12 for a club sandwich and it was Two pieces of stale bread drowning in mayo with a bunch of turkey bits.  Nothing resembled anything edible.  Completely disgusting.  I'd hate to think what their kitchen looks like back there...Was here for a business lunch on Saturday - which is really the only reason I'd come here. Place was a tomb on a Saturday around lunchtime and the food was only so so. I'm a huge fan of the "Irish Pub" model, but this one just isn't doing it for me - the whole expereince was just blah. There are several, much better options within a few blocks walk. It's spacious, so if you are looking for place to gather with a bunch of co-workers after 5pm, it will serve it's purpose, but I would honestly go elsewhere.We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for our weekend in Philly and E&C was our daily meetup place. Bartenders were super talkative and friendly and even let us plug in our phones to get a charge while we drank. The beer selection is nothing special and neither is the food, but it offers a solid place with nice ambiance to stop and get a drink.So we were starving by the time dinner came around. We were walking in circles trying to figure out what to eat. We passed by this restaurant and decided to give it a try. It looks very welcoming inside with a pub like atmosphere with a bar, tv, and live entertainment.
I ordered the shepherd's pie and my hubbie had the halibut fish and chips. But before the entrees, we started off with caesar salad and chicken wings. Both were awful! The greens were all wilted from the dressing. You can tell this salad was not freshly prepared, even the croutons did not have that extra crunch. And don't get me going on chicken wings...I luv chicken wings, but this was just drenched in tabasco sauce. I could tell the wings came out of the freezer, the freezer burn taste. Definitely nice place for beer and drinks, but for dinner I would try some place else even if you are trying to save a few bucks. Not worth it.Went here on July 4.  Its rather close to ben franklin parkway, which is where the big celebration was being held at.  Rather empty.  Not a good sign, but oh well, I was tired of walking and hungry.
I had the bangers and mash.  The 3 onion rings were ok.  The beans, potatoes, and especially the 3 sausages were BLAND.  The chutney was pretty good actually, though I read that its supposed to be spicy, but it was only sweet.  No problem with me, but it might not live up to other's expectations.
I had one drink, a blueberry lemonade, as it was advertised on some card on the table.  I could not taste the vodka, so it was made more so for a lady, as it tasted good otherwise, but not worth the $9.
The person I was with had some sort of chicken and greens mixed with supposedly a whiskey sauce.  I tried a piece of chicken in the sauce.  Even more bland than my food.  Sad.
No wonder this place gets bad reviews.
Drinks and food were meh.  As for waitstaff, our waitress appeared to be one of two girls in charge of the entire (somewhat large) floor.  Getting water refills (I had 4 glasses) took quite some time.Let's start with the bright spots of the evening.  First, the fact we got a table and second, we had a superbly friendly waiter ("Freddy").  Now the bad part: the food.  We got the trio of appetizers ($16) consisting of two pretzels, chicken skewers and potstickers.  So sad.  The potstickers were microwaved, I am sure.  The skewers were big long chunks of chicken without any discernable taste.  The pretzels were ok.  The wine I had was ok too, considering the price per glass (it was something like $6).  My entree was a simple Thai Chicken Salad.  More big, flabby chicken.  And iceberg lettuce.  Yikes!  My old man's roast beef dip was actually ok, but salty.  Honestly, I would have done better (and paid less) at Ruby Tuesdays.Been wanting to go here for some time. Stopped in with a few friends for a beer Saturday afternoon and was unimpressed. There was only us and another table in the entire bar area, with no one at the bar,  the service was inconsistent and slow. Good selection of beer and worth another trip to give them another chance though.