this might be the fanciest pizza place in philly. super cute and modern decor
SALADS: the caesar and the italian. the caesar was decent but the italian dressing was WAY to acidic and sour, i need more savory in that dressing so i don't feel like i'm eating vinegar and lettuce. the description also said: olive, crispy artichoke, hearts of palm... i think i saw 2 olives and no artichoke or hearts of palm. for the price, i need more color in that salad. 
PIZZAS: we got the classic w/ pepperoni, big ang (w/ no banana peppers), angel pie and hot chicken. my personal favorite was the angel pie, a great flavorful bite and the ingredients were on point. big ang could have definitely used more vodka sauce but it was still yummy. my least favorite was probably the hot chicken, the flavors were just not there for me and not worth $23, they took 1 chicken finger and cut it into 6 cubes and put it on top of the pizza lol really?
all in all, in my opinion the price and quality/quantity do not match here. and you can say it's because the ingredients are top notch but so does beddia but you get way more bang for your buck there. i probably spent $77 on pizza (without tax) and we had 2 small slices left over between 4 people. but then i go to beddia with $77 and i can get 3 huge pies and have way more leftovers between 4 people. 
they need a price evaluation of the pizza here, i'm not spending $23 on the lamest chicken pizza that'll leave 2 people somewhat full, when i can $23 on the best pizza in america 15 minutes away in fishtown for a way bigger portion. maybe if they made the pies bigger or cheaper, i'd be more down with this place. 
in the mean time, i'll stick with squares and circles or square pie for my thick crust lust
**PS: the pizza was way better reheated tooThis place was top tier if you're looking for a fun and tasty place to beat the summer heat. We sat on the rooftop and enjoyed a great meal and even better service. I tried the pizza and was not disappointed by the quality and flavor. My husband got the burger and was equally happy. Our waitress was friendly and attentive and the GM, Shannon was an absolute gem. Give them a try! You won't be disappointed.My two stars is based strictly on the hostess and reservation times. The food and our waitress were great, best pizza I've had in some time. I made a reservation for 9pm on a Sunday through Open Table. We arrived at 9:05 as we had an issue with our Uber. When we arrived the place was practically empty and no one was at the check in stand. After we stood there for a few a woman came over and told us they close at 9 and she'd have to check to see if the kitchen was still open because we were so late?? I then replied 'sorry I'm confused, if your kitchen closes at 9 why do you take reservations at 9?'. She then rolled her eyes and said to me 'well we tried to call you', which they had but earlier that day and I called them back twice with no answer. She replied 'we don't always hear the phone, it gets really loud in here'. If you called to ask me to come in earlier or to tell me you close promptly at 9, leave a message or answer your phone when people call you back. Also maybe don't take reservations at the time you close and make people feel uncomfortable when they arrive. I certainly wasn't trying to argue with her as I was more confused and embarrassed than anything. She did tell us to sit down to which I felt horrible but reluctantly did. As I said the food and the waitress were great just wish we hadn't started the meal with such attitude and confusion.My son and I visited here.  Place is really well done.  Very nice atmosphere.  Upon being seated we waited for an extended period of time to order.  It happens.  The unfortunate thing was the servers seemed to have an attitude.  We ordered drinks which were initially wrong.  They quickly fixed.  I would caution that if you order a vodka tonic you'll be getting an expensive tonic.  I switched to bottled beer to avoid the weak drinks.  Food was ok.  Burger was better then the pizza.  Nothing crazy good!I came here and tried the burger per the recommendation of Glenny Balls. I must say, it definitely lived up to the hype. 4.8 balls!Decor is beautiful. What a lovely place. We were so happy to have a new place open in our hood. Really looked forward to trying it for pizza. Quite disappointed. we won't be back. Did not like the thick little squares of pizza. Too doughy and bready. Burrata was cold. Italian salad was supposed to have hearts of palm snd crispy artichokes.  No hearts of palm other than fried sticks that did not taste like hearts of palm. Greasy fried artichokes. Champagne vinaigrette. salad  dressing very sour. Wines by the glass ridiculously expensive between 13 and 16. The best high end restaurants in the city don't charge that much. Wait staff very nice. I don't think we are the target audience.  Stella pizzeria on Head house Square is infinitely better.One of the best pizzas in Philly! Had heard great things from various foodie instagram accounts. We were sat right away when we came in on a weekend night. We had cocktails which were delicious. Service was great. Highly recommend the pepperoni, jalape単o, and honey pizza! We will most definitely be back.Great experience. Staff was very attentive to our needs. Food was sooooo good. Their colony square pizza was my fav. It is such a great combination of flavors. The pepperoni, jalape単os and honey on top of a pizza that by itself is yummy (we ordered a classic pizza as well). 
The bathroom cleanliness is important for me and they were spot on. I really like the walk to the bathroom. Everything is sleek on your way to do your "stuff".
By the end of the meal the Manager introduced herself and chatted with us. She made us feel like we were really welcomed.I'm so happy they finally open a location in Philadelphia. This is My favorite burger in New York City, so now it's also my favorite burger in Philadelphia. I know it's a pizza joint, but don't leave without getting the Le Big Matt Burger.This place is GREAT! we got the Brussels sprouts and the mushroom truffle pizza. The delicious appetizer and 6 square pizza was a perfect amount to split for two. However, though extremely tasty, the pizza reminds us of upscale Pizza Hut. We hope that if you enjoy it as much as we do you'll have just as good of a time. The wait staff was very friendly and they serve up some nice cocktails. Overall, it is a very nice addition to the queen village neighborhood!Waaaay overpriced for what it is. I went with a party of seven, and we all agreed that the pizza was fine, but nothing special. It reminded us of a mix between Pizza Hut and Ellio's (both of which I love, but not at this price). The pies are $15-$25, and are pretty small - we ate 6 pies among the 7 of us and briefly considered getting one more.
 If you want quality thick crust pizza in Queen Village go to Square Pie! Half the price and twice as good.Super good.  Spicy chicken sandwich was the ish, yo.  Cool spot.  Nice to know that queen village is considered at the forefront of cool enough to be looped in with Brooklyn and Nashville as the newest location.Are you going to order delivery? Can you wait hours? Do you like cold pizza? If you answered yes to all these questions then Emmy Squared might be for you. We have ordered twice from this place. The pizza is delicious, the crust perfect. They use quality ingredients and don't skimp on the toppings. The first time we ordered, the pizza arrived late and cold. But as I said the pizza was delicious and it still tasted great reheated. The second time I never got my pizzas because after an hour and a half of waiting I decided to cancel. I contacted Caviar found out that Emmy Squared never received my order. If you're going to eat in or they work out their delivery issues in the future this might be worth the price.Cheesy garlic sticks to die for and the pizza truly amazing nice texture of dough nice crunch all around cheese edge!!   Burger is bit too big & lot$ but very good!! one negative is the high pricing for how small the pie or portions are!! But as an occasional treat or a couple its fantastic but if u have a crowd probably have good bit $$$$Believe the hype! Full disclosure: I am a homebody and have only ordered pizzas online for delivery. So can't really speak to the service/kid friendliness that other people are (understandably) concerned with. But this is seriously among the best pizza I've ever had. Its pricier than normal and has that whole NY transplant thing going against it but in terms of sauce-crust pure flavor, it can't be beat.Loved Emmy squared! The service was great. The pizzas amazing. We got 4 pizzas for 5 people and 2 orders of fries which was plenty of food. They even gave us a free white pizza. Overall the ambience was nice and it wasn't to loud or crowded. Will def be back to try more!Didn't expect it but, Emmy Squared - Queen Village was definitely amazing. Menu items are fantastic and the team is very courteous. Staff are very pleasant. They're attentive, polite and always on their game. Every single thing we bought was wonderful and the menu itself was to die for. Emmy Squared - Queen Village is a wonderful, I am definitely plan on returning.In a word, overrated. I would give it 3.5 stars if it was an option, but unfortunately it's not. I was so excited to try Emmy Squared - the pizzas looked delicious and the burger seemed like one that would be crave worthy. That said, upon our first visit, I was left underwhelmed with no desire to return anytime soon. 
The bar staff was nice enough (we elected to sit in the bar), but they weren't on par with many of the experiences that keep me coming back to a certain number of places. We had the fried halloumi which was the high point of the meal but even that had its own issue - the marinara made sense but for an already salty item (and I love salt) the anchovy and caper sauce as the second dipper seemed excessive. The Detroit style margherita pizza was good enough, but I have had better - and at $19 it really wasn't worth it. And the burger was good but I have had better here, too. 
With so many delicious restaurants in Philly, I would rather spend my money elsewhere for now.Pretty expensive for a small amount of mediocre pizza. Kind of wish I got dominos/papa johns instead. Cheesey garlic bread was solid.So, I'm giving Emmy Squares 5 Stars because the pizza is truly Quality!  Now in regards to the price, definitely overpriced as far as I'm concerned. 
When I first saw them listed on Caviar, the photo looked like One of the many standard size gourmet Square pie as you get in the city now, usually giving you four standard size Sicilian slices. In this case, no. The pie was 12" and sliced into six very tiny slices.
Now let me say, I just reheated two of the small slices this morning and they were even better than last night. So when it comes to quality of ingredients, airy density and crispy crust.... the BEST I've had in the city!
So was it worth $40?  I guess I have to say yes.
12/1 Update.... I can't stop ordering these damn Pizzas!  delicious l!The interior was nice and it looked like a cool spot when I dined here but I think my expectations were too high. I got the burger and while it was juicy and I liked all the fixings, the bun was really soggy upon arrival which only got worse as I tried to eat it which was not the most pleasant experience. The waffle fries were delicious and the quantity justified the cost of a $19 burger, but a few of the fries weren't fully cooked which also wasn't great. I'm not in a rush to go back but I think I would try it again if I happened to be in the area.This Detroit-style pizza is nothing special at all. Pizza is not crispy and doesn't have much flavor. Also had a terrible ordering experience from Caviar where they made the wrong pizza so the delivery took a hour and a half. If you want authentic, delicious detroit-style, go to Pizza Gutt instead of this NY based chain.Food was great and on time. I was hoping it to be a tasty neighborhood joint and it exceeded my expectations!Aim for the sky and if you miss your find yourself up in the stars? 
Not on this occasion. I had sky high expectations after looking at pics of there double stack burger and spicy chicken sandwich. Maybe I will chalk this experience up to ordering the wrong items but read on for a full review of there food and drinks.
Started with the Punch Bowl Tequila which has Hisbisius, mint, lemon, blackberry liquer and of course tequila. $40 and serves estimated 5-6 servings. I could not taste the alcohol in it and would not get again but if your a fan of blackberry liquer it may be a drink in your wheel barrel.
Hot Chicken Wedge Salad - I was commenting to someone in my party that the price point for this item seems ridulous for $18 as the chicken parm sandwich which is massive and the spicy chicken sandwich both are only $13 with that being said I went with the salad anyway as I wanted to cut out some of the carbs and paid the extra $5 for this meal. I was not a fan of the white bama sauce on the chicken and would not get this item again. 
Red and White Pizza - The red pizza was good, it went very quick but it was nothing to rave about. I think some of the allure of this restaurant is the customizable and doctored up pizzas but the plan red pie was okay. The white pizza had a smokey cheese taste to it and was different but I could not eat more then one piece.
Banana Pudding - I had high hopes on this and as I mushed my spoon in the jar looking for a nice chunk of cold banana I had a hard time finding a piece just like I have a hard time coming back here.
If you come here I would recommend you go with one of there staple items. I will be back to try the burger but a return trip to try a $19 burger again I may be setting myself up for disappointment.Loved this place in Brooklyn and so happy its finally here! I've been twice now and have had nothing but amazing service.I was so excited for Emmy Squared - NYC friends would not stop talking it up when they saw they were coming to Philly. I waited out their opening weeks and have since eaten there twice. The staff seem to be pleasant and hard working people. I shared wings, had the spicy chicken sandwich and banana pudding dessert. The wings are decent. The spicy chicken sandwich was huge but so greasy that the oil seemed to mute the flavors. The banana pudding was delicious but the vanilla wafer-type crumble overwhelmed the moisture in the pudding and created a saltine-like texture between the delicious pudding and bananas. I returned to try the pizza in hopes that there would be something I would come back for. Pizza: I've tried three. I want to love this place, but all three pizzas I shared were overly greasy, soft bottomed, not crispy like you'd expect and the dough has a bread-like flavor. It tastes more like excessively buttered cheesy bread and tasty toppings than pizza.Really good food.   Ordered the Cauliflower app and the Angel Pie pizza.  Both were great.  Our server, Chris, was attentive without being suffocating.   I have an onion allergy and he acted like it was no big imposition.  Other places have often made me feel like I was making it up.  Prices are reasonable for the quality of food.  Really good family friendly place.Way too pricey for what you get and the food wasn't even good. Look at this pizza  the butter knife is there for scale. This is a $20 gluten free white pizza that was burnt and didn't even fill the box. Apple bread desert was just half one of these pizza with apple and Carmel drizzled cut into French toast sticks. Will deff not order again and will inform friends not to waste their moneyIronically my first taste of Detroit style pizza was in Denver at an amazing restaurant called Blue Pan.  From that point on I have been on a life long quest for MORE Detroit Pizza!   The Best of the Best is Circles & Squares on tulip street,  Dan G is doing some serious Voodoo in that small shop of his and is a must for any serious Detroit pizza fan.  I had heard of Emmy Squared from Brooklyn but had never tried it.  I was looking to the opening of the Philly location which I finally tried with my family last night.  The restaurant was absolutely gorgeous, in fact it was way too nice for a pizza joint, they are going to have to sell a lot of squares to cover the rent at 5th and Bainbridge.   Back to the pizza review....Unfortunately the pizza did not live up to my/our expectation of authentic Detroit Style,  The crust is supposed to be a thick dark crispy crunchy cheesy delight but instead was a bit too thin and dense.  It should be fluffy and airy (think thick focaccia bread).    That being said, the restaurant is in its second week and they are still working out all the kinks.  The pizza did taste good it just didn't WOW us. All our other items were really tasty and I don't have any complaints about the nice staff and timely service.   I am a full blown Pizza addict and it takes only the best to get me off :)I normally wouldn't go out of my way to leave a Yelp review for a restaurant - however my experience here was so bad that I feel obligated to. First off, the service was beyond awful. The restaurant wasn't busy at all in the early afternoon this past Saturday, but the wait staff was never anywhere to be found, and they didn't even come by after the food was delivered to see how we were doing. The thing that I found pretty ridiculous is that they weren't even inclined to ask if anything went wrong at the end of the meal when the waiter clearly saw that there was a bite or two (at most) out of each dish we ordered and we gave a hard "NO!" when he asked if we wanted to take anything home. First off, we started with the Cheesy garlic sticks. These weren't even edible. They were covered in half melted cheese and completely drenched (swimming, rather) in olive oil. It came with a side of tomato sauce that was probably the worst sauce I've ever had. It was under salted and extremely bitter. Second, we had the Zia waffle fries. These were also under salted and soggy. The pimento cheese didn't come through at all, and the portion was just way too big for essentially being a soggy baking pan of under seasoned fries with some (also bland) toppings. For the main course we had the Big Ang pizza. I thought for sure at this point that the pizza, of all things, couldn't be terrible. I was wrong. The pizza was also extremely soggy/greasy and had little to no flavor. The only thing that tasted semi okay were the meatballs that came on the pizza as a topping. Again, I'm not a picky eater by any means, and I'm almost never inclined to leave a review on a restaurant, let alone a bad review - but this place is just really, really bad. They did a great job on the interior design aspect (it's a very visually pleasing restaurant) but considering they serve fancied up pub food, in combination with the lack of good service and tastiness, it's all just kind of weird. I would save yourself the disappointment of this unfortunate establishment and take your business elsewhere.Ate here a few weeks back. Awesome ambiance and super kid friendly -- several families with kids were there while my creeps and I dined. Wine list is fairly decent. Service was attentive, but, like many reviewers mentioned, that's where it ends. Ordered a Caesar salad and it was good. Ordered the Colony^2....for some reason in my mind I thought it was going to be this incredibly substantial deep dish pizza. Whomp, whomp it was TINY! My six-year old ate 4 of the six slices, the two year-old had 1.5 slices. Ordered a second, the Deluxe, and still only took home two slices.
Caesar: I like my Caesar served as a whole Romaine heart, so points for that. Dressing was a little too fishy for my taste. Bonus points for the copious amounts of cheese. 
Colony^2: ordered it because I love hot honey on my pizza ever since I had it on the spicy soppressata at Nomad. What a disappointment. Didn't taste it at all on the pizza and the rest of it was just meh. 
Deluxe: reminds me of DiGiorno's. Just meh. 
Wanted the hot chicken pizza, but I couldn't talk myself into forking out that much coin for -- IMO -- the high potential for disappointment. Decor was cute; kids and I played "I Spy" trying to count all the dinosaurs in our area. Unfortunately, that's it for me. Would be nice if happy hour extended into the main dining room or at least drink specials were offered to us exhausted lemmings who like to dine away from the bar while we quietly tell our kids to stop making fart jokes at the dinner table. 
TL;DR: better pizza in Philly than here. Maybe go for a drink then head somewhere else. For the price, I expected something a lot more mind blowing to go with all the hype.Awesome good food and drinks!  Even better ambiance! My husband and I will definitely be back for more.Omg.. if you have celiac, this is the best place. Homemade gluten free pizza,  shaped in a square,  thick and chewy like pizza. My new placeRecently caught Emmy Squared on The Flay List. That episode had our mouths watering and minds super curious about visiting on our next trip up to NYC, so we couldn't believe that a location was about to open nearby! As the time passed prior to opening, our growing excitement must've begun to affect our expectations, because we walked in expecting magical things. Instead, we just got an okay experience.
The space is nice, and the staff is friendly. We sat at the bar, but the bar program seems a little thin on drink options. Clearly not an area that they've formed their reputation on, so don't go in expecting anything special in cocktail form. It's not that they can't make good drinks, but they're not stocking a ton of spirits. The bar staff was nice, but definitely didn't offer up the energy we would've hoped to see in a new hot spot looking to impress.
Unfortunately, the food failed to measure up to our expectations. We had heard great things about the burger, and it's good, but it's not THAT good. Flavors fall into the greasy smash burger category, for better or worse. The bun could be great, but you better get that thing off of the tray quickly and eat fast, because the greasiness will start to dissolve the bottom half of the bun rapidly. This is definitely a once-you-pick-it-up-you-don't-put-it-down burger. Not so much because it's delicious, but because you'll need a fork if you don't attack first and fast. Overall, it's a good burger, but there are better options if an excellent burger is what you're seeking. Perhaps they should serve the burgers on the same cooling trays that the pizza comes on to allow the grease to get trapped in the tray instead of the bun, but not sure that's ideal, either. The waffle fries were greasy, yet cut-your-gums crispy. Definitely not a home run for me.
The pizza is okay. It was our first time trying "Detroit-style" pizza, so we had no idea what to expect. It's basically a square pan pizza. It has a nice mix of textures, good crust and soft chew in the middle, if that's what you're looking for. The idea of 6 slices, with each slice individually stacked with the toppings is a cool idea for maximizing flavor per slice, and while the pizza was perfectly fine, it didn't send us home thinking we'd missed out on being in the dark about this Detroit-style pizza thing.
The fried halloumi was good, but the saltiness of the anchovy & caper sauce was overwhelmingly. More so than I even expected with the components involved. The tomato sauce was really good, though. Well-balanced and played perfectly with the halloumi.
Overall, Emmy Squared is going to get crazy amounts of hype, and people are going to legitimately love the place. It's a perfectly good place to go, but don't make the mistake of going in thinking that it's anything more than a greasy spoon pizza spot in an upscale environment. That's not a knock on the place. Just a reality. I'm sure we'll be back at some point, but there are simply too many places to get good pizza and/or great burgers in this city to rush back. I hope Emmy Squared does well, but sadly, it just wasn't resonating with us. Enjoy!This review is based solely on the pizza and frankly 4 stars is lenient as I think it truly settles in somewhere in the 3-4 range.  Not even close to being superb and worthy of 5 stars. 
Enough about the stars.  I'm addicted to pizza and make it my mission to find the best.  I was hoping to be blown away.  I wasn't.  Certainly good and worthy of trying, but not a "destination" spot.  I love Detroit style pies, and for comparison purposes Emmy is not in the same league as Circles and Squares in Fishtown/Kensington.   I wanted Emmy to be on that level quite badly but it isn't.  It's too doughy and nowhere near the cooked to perfection delivered by Daniel Gutt at C&S.  For another comparison, the Detroit style pies at Roy Pitz Barrel House are more in-line with what you'll find at Emmy (and it's close, but I'd give the slight nod to Roy Pitz at being better). 
Bottom line:   It's solid pizza and I will return, but I won't be a regular.  You can find better pizza all over town at places like C&S (my #1), Beddia, Pizzeria Vetri, Square Pie (nearby) and Dock Street to name a few.I think about Emmy squared, specifically "the colony". We came here and heard about it through foodbaby in nyc and were elated when the chain decided to open up in Philadelphia. They make square crust pizza like no other. The crust is perfectly crisp as an initial bite with a buttery soft fluffy taste as you sink in. Obviously they have other Italian foods, a kids menu, and even different takes on fries. We didn't really like the okonomyaki fries as much as we thought we would. But please, get the pizza it's worth it.By far THE BEST burger my fia ever had. Compared to some high end restaurants this burger doesn't even compete. I didn't expect it to be THIS good and it turned out to be the best burger I ever had in my life  Get here ASAP!Get the Colony pizza from the menu. It's fantastic. The right amount of spicy and sweet. The sauce is good, the cheese is great, and the portion is perfect. My girlfriend and I each get one (indulgent, maybe, but it's soooo good) for movie night on Fridays during quarantine. She has Celiac, and this is her favorite gluten-free option in town. (I go with the normal, gluten-filled pie and love it.) The staff is super friendly, too.Absolutely delicious!! Friendly staff. Pizza and salad and bread sticks were amazing. Had the tony Luke and wow! So good! Bar was great too and they let you transfer your drink tab to your table easily if you get there early for a drink. Highly recommend!The food was okay, but do not order their fried green tomato  sandwich. The pizza are they and the price is expensive for the small pizza. I will not be coming back here no time soon.Bravo - a great new addition.  Our son recommended it after having a good experience.  He didn't realize that our getting together was to celebrate his birthday.  Anna assisted me with the reservation, Chris was an excellent server, the chef made terrific pies, and the wine was good.  We brought a birthday cake that the staff plated and surprised our son with.  FYI - there is a modest charge for cakes brought in.  We all had a great evening and can't wait to go back.It's just a great overall experience - the atmosphere is super nice, it's a nice date night style place that looks really modern but warm at the same time. Also they have dinosaurs low key hidden in the plants which is adorable.
The pizza is honestly just excellent- the Classic just had such a phenomenal crust, and it's a ton of food.
Also if you've got room get the banana pudding dessert thing - I don't even like banana pudding but theirs was just mind blowingthey are only dine in only at the moment. No call ins, not even in person orders to go. Incredibly frustrating since this isn't noted anywhere on their website. Not something I wanted to find out at 6p rainy Wednesday with an empty fridge, toddler and infant. Will update review once I am actually able to carry out some pizza.Terrible pizza. Greasy, under cooked on the bottom, lacking in sauce. Kind of like eating air fried dough that vaguely resembles pizza but isn't actually. Hard pass, will not patronize again. 
I would recommend any other pizza place in philly.I got takeout with a group of friends and our overall impression was mediocre food, small portions and high prices. The pizza is very thick and doughy. We got one gluten free pie, which was dense and gummy. The chicken sandwich was EXTREMELY spicy. None of us were interested in trying it again.Great experience overall. Pizzas are great! Service was good, still learning the ropes a bit but didn't impact the meal, and server had great insight into the different dishes.I've been to this place a few times now and have never been disappointed! The decor is lovely, the wait staff are very attentive, and the food is delicious. I'm obsessed with the way the cheese on their pizzas caramelizes on the edge of the crust, so good. Can't wait to go back!The colony pizza - that's all I have to say. Extremely delicious. 
Loved the atmosphere as well.Being a huge fan of pizza and from New York, I was excited about what Emmy had to offer. I went with a big group of people, and some had been there already and were raving about it. We got a variety of pizzas and a couple of burgers to share with loaded fries. The burger was very good and I found the fries to be fine (too loaded for my taste tbh). However, I really enjoyed the pizza. While it tasted fattening, boy was it good. The mushroom pizza was special and different, as well as the one with sausage and vodka sauce. The hot chicken pizza I did not like, but tbh I wouldn't have ever ordered that on my own so I chalked it up to different preferences for different people.
I don't think it has amazing prices but I know I will be back here. I really liked the food and atmosphere and I just love pizza...Food is good but very overpriced. Service leaves a lot to be desired. They are still relatively new and in high demand but no one seemed to know what was going on from the hosts to the runners and the serversThis place is a delightful spot added to the neighborhood. Shared a pizza and had a cocktail. My eyes ate up other people's orders, that I'll have to try on another day.Amazing food and great service. Would 10/10 recommend to anyone! The burger is one of the best I've had. Highly recommend the angel pie if you're looking for pizza.This place keeps getting better and better! I've been four or five times and each time the food is more delicious than the last time. And the service is outstanding. 
Right now I'm particularly in love with the burger with the Okonomi fries! My coworker went recently and said the burger was the best thing she's ever eaten. I also love the Colony pizza. Thankfully I don't live closer or else I think I'd try and polish off one of their pizzas every night. I also see they added a happy hour wine. 
I feel like I'm extra picky with how good service should be. The bartender Britney remembered the drink I ordered the last time I came in! I like to sit at or near the bar, but the table service on the other end of the restaurant is also great. Shoutout to the two servers I've had over my visits, Sydney and Maura. And the manager Shannon came over last time I was there to check in with our table. Everyone always seems on top of things. 
This place is good to go alone or on a date or with a group of people. Seems like a good neighborhood spot if you live close or a good spot to travel to if you have a bunch of people in visiting Philly. 
I'm excited for when they open the roof deck in the warmer weather!Overhyped. This is one of those stereotypical millennial restaurants that has an ultra modern interior and ultra modern logo giving the appearance of refined elegance and top notch ingredients yet the actual food is about as good as Pizza Hut or a box of frozen Ellios pizza. The burger bun was soggy from being drenched in oil or butter. My gf and I got a pizza (they're extremely tiny), a burger and 2 drinks and spent $80...for pizza and a burger lol. Not worth it. Go to Santucci's or Angelos 3 blocks down, spend $80 and you're walking away with a week's worth of food for 2 people AND the pizza is 10x better, family-owned by real south Philly Italians. The contrast of this "new era" dining place just a few blocks from the Italian Market is stark. All that said, I'd come here for a drink but that's all.This review is for Colony2 delivered by Caviar. When I got it the pizza was not hot. Although it is thick, the dough isn't heavy. It's airy and light with a nice crisps on the edges. The bottom is a little bit soggy. The jalape単o gives a nice heat to the pizza balanced with sweetness from the honey.Hands down the best gluten free pizza I've ever had. I have celiac disease, so finding places I trust for pizza (or any takeout) is very rare. I called and spoke to who I believe is the owner, and she is a fellow celiac. I felt very comforted by the info she walked me through - dedicated prep area, but shared kitchen, separate mixer and all tools, and the pizza was DELICIOUS. will definitely be ordering again, many times over.Nice atmosphere but food is not the best. Very overpriced pub food. Cheese bread was a big disappointment. Basically just their pizza bread soggy and drenched in oil :( drinks were good!Some of the best pizza in the city...and the drinks were tasty and well crafted...hostess was very friendly and accommodating in these trying times...Definitely the best chicken parm sammich I've ever had anywhere ever. 
Also had the fried cheese, big alpie, and the angel pie. Fried cheese was too salty for me but the pizzas were very flavorful with delicious crust and not crazy greasy. 
But the chicken parm ..... mmm mmm mmmmmm....
Didn't take long for the food and service was great as well. Will go back for sureWent to check out Emmy Squared with some friends and really liked it. The space itself is impressive and very nice. The staff was very friendly and professional and our waitress was really cool. We had the Classic pizza with sausage and pepperoni which was fantastic along with the Tony Luke pizza which was tasty. As an app we spilt up one of the burgers which was really really good. I would recommend each item we had.I've heard so much about this place but never had a chance to make it to their OG spot in NYC. Was very happy to learn they've expanded operations and opened a place in South Philly! Going in I knew this place was gimmicky and that I'd likely be overpaying just for the brand. If you can get that thought of your head, I promise you'll enjoy your meal here. 
The wait staff here is very pleasant and got all our food out to us quicker than I would have anticipated. My buddy and I each ordered the signature burger, Le Big Matt, which comes with an order of amazing waffle fries. Honestly, I think my favorite part of the burger was the pretzel bun.. it had a great salty tang to it. The burger sauce is also stellar and the whole thing is juicy and greasy and so satisfying. I know... it's $19 for a burger and fries. But for a splurge meal, you can't go wrong with this. The angel pie was also delicious. The truffle sauce drizzled on top of a white mushroom pie makes it such a decadent experience. The only drawback with the pizza is that it's quite small: 6 slices of square pie, each about the size of my hand. 
If you've never experienced this place, I'd for sure recommend it as a one off... the quality of the food is legit. It can definitely burn a hole in your pocket so I will probably only return if coming with friends who have never heard of/experienced Emmy Squared.I ordered just a plain red and the broccoli salad. I tried the pizza first and the edges were quite good (carmalized as they should be) there wasn't enough of that and the rest was a bit soggier than you'd expect. The broccoli salad with miso dressing was quite good. Might try a pie with toppings next time, might be better.Amazing!! Definitely get the burger. We split the burger and the Colony 2. It was perfect for two people and both were well balanced. They also just started Take Out, we will be trying that next! Great addition to the Philly pizza sceneWe did the family meal.  Lots of food and everything was very good.  Will definetly be going back.What an incredible addition to queen village! I never thought I'd be able to couple my love for pizza with a nice date night. My boyfriend and I tried Emmy and enjoyed AMAZING Detroit style pizza amidst the beautiful decor. It was delicious. They also had vegetarian options and substitutes. Can't wait to go back soon to try the delicious burger (unlike my better half I still enjoy a good piece of beef). Also can't wait to go back in the spring to see the roof deck. 
Go have a good slice, enjoy a glass of wine, the nice ambiance, and save room for the cheese curds.We had dinner at Emmy Squared on Saturday night. So excited as we are huge fans of the NY location. Burger was great. Pizza - not as great as NY.  In all - overpriced. Service was not the best. The waitress didn't seem too happy or enthused. We were left a little dumb founded when my husband asked for a cup of coffee to have with his dessert & he was told "We don't serve hot coffee. We don't have anything to serve it in". WHAT????This place is beautiful! It's so large, clean, and sleek. The hostess was very nice, welcoming, and attentive. I wasn't able to get a reservation for the dining area but getting seated at the bar area was very easy. Even though it's referred to as bar area, it feels like a 2nd dining room. I love the floor to ceiling windows and the lighting is romantic but not too dark. The bar itself was a pretty sight. The waiter was very attentive and gave a lot of suggestions. 
 There are only five cocktails on the menu but sometimes too many options is a bad thing, especially for someone indecisive like me lol. I really enjoyed the tequila cocktail, it was spicy but refreshing. The vodka cucumber cocktail was meh but probably better for a hot summer day.
 Ok the waffle fries were booommmbbbb. I got the ones wuth the cheese sauce and added jalapenos. Soooo spicy (and i have a high spice tolerance)  the cheese sauce (not cheese wiz) was delicious, kind of sweet and tangy. 
The pizza is good to share for 2 ppl unless youre super hungry. Its like 6 decent sized slices. The crust was nice and crispy with great flavor, the sauce was just perfect, and in general the pizza was the right amount of greasy.  I love that you can customize anything on the menu! 
So service  and food . Will definitely go back.Did delivery and got two pies, one with vodka sauce and one with pepperoni /Calabrian chili. Both had excellent flavor and enjoyed the pleasantly greasy and crispy square Detroit dough.  The $15/$18 for a personal pie stings. And though I loved the dressing,  the $15 for a small raw Brussel sprout salad stings more. I don' t regret the order but its not quite enough bang for your buck.Located in the heart of South Philly, Emmy Squared brings delicious Detroit-style square pizza to our neighborhoods. Parking can be a little tricky as it is all street parking, but we were able to get lucky and find a spot relatively quickly. 
Pros: 
- new roof deck lives up to the hype and has gorgeous views of South Philly. 
- only a 20-30 minute for a table for 2 on a Saturday night. 
- would highly recommend the cheesy garlic bread as they are very flavorful and paired with a decadent marinara sauce. 
- Ordered the vodka pizza with basil and pecorino. Tasted great and price was very reasonable. Smaller than I had expected, but nonetheless I was left satisfied. 
- very clean restaurant. responsible staff making sure to comply with all COVID-19 rules and regulations. 
- good for vegetarians. 
Cons: 
- Once we got the table, it had seemed our waitress forgot about us as we waited another 15-20 minutes before she took our order. 
- The food is served in to-go boxes that is sent from the downstairs kitchen via an elevator. Took away from the whole experience. 
Here's a pro tip: the roof deck has its own drink menu, but that does not mean you can get drinks from the regular (ground level?) drink menu. My girlfriend and I had opted for the Sangria pitcher, which was smaller than we had expected and cost $35. It tasted pretty tart, so we notified the bartender and modified the pitcher so it tasted less tart.Pretentious, overpriced, just generally not enjoyable. Cannot for the life of me figure out why this place seems to be so popular right now but rank it well below nearby spots like Santucci's, Nomad, and Stella, among others.
Website says they prefer walk-ins, but had a full 30 minute wait (while tables were open) then later saw the staff let two guys at the bar grab our table after we were finished. $46 check for two pizzas and a beer served in a can. 
Went 1 for 2 with the pizza itself - Tony Luke's Jr was ok and Colony was very good. Still, not worth it given all of the above.I was visiting Philly from NYC a few weeks ago and stopped in here for an afternoon drink before some shopping.  The bar is lovely: the staff and the ambiance! (Not to mention the drinks, ha.)  I was sad that I didn't have time to eat --- the food looked and smelled yum!  Next time I am in Philly, I will definitely pop in for some food.New to town and stopped by here randomly, was pleasantly surprised by how nice everyone was! The manager stopped by our table, just to say hi. The food was absolutely delicious. Get the Colony pizza and the hot chicken wedge! We have been back multiple times alreadyI was looking forward to trying this place when it first moved into the neighborhood, but I'm sad to say that it fell far short of expectations. The atmosphere is nice with all of the windows and mid-century modern decor, and the service was good, but the menu and prices were ridiculous. I rarely write reviews, but when I pay $1per leaf for basil on a pizza, I feel compelled to share. The menu pricing is illogical; you can order a (very small) burrata pizza for $19 with burrata and basil. Or, you can order the same pizza for $17: a regular $12 pizza + $3 burrata and $2 basil. Obviously, I chose to purchase the $17 version. When the pizza came, it had the equivalent of 2 leaves of basil on the entire pizza, for an effective price of $1 a leaf. For two people, the $17 pizza was not enough food. We also ordered a Caesar salad to share for $10, expecting a good sized salad. Instead, we got 4 small romaine hearts drizzled with dressing and 2 small anchovies on top. In all, we paid $30 to split a meal designed for one. There are far better pizza options in Philly for this price. I definitely won't be back unless they dramatically cut their prices. The server noted that others had complained about the prices so they had recently reduced several of them; they'll need to keep doing this to get in the ballpark of a reasonable price for pizza in Philly.Meh. Ordered 2 pizzas and 2 salads for takeout through caviar, so have never set foot in the place, but pizza and salad was just ok. Would get 4 stars if it was the price of Pizza Hut, but it's not. Go to Square Pie nearby for Detroit style pie, salads, and sides that's better, cheaper, with better portions. I guess I wish them well, but I think Philadelphians have pretty high standards and I'm not optimistic. Gonna go give Square Pie a good review now, appreciating it a lot more by comparison.I'm not sure how more people don't know this yet, but Emmy Squared cures the COVID blues. We have only ever gotten delivery from them because of the pandemic but omg do these pizzas travel well.  They may seem small but we usually get full after three of the little squares.  I think two pizzas could easily feed two people and you might have a slice or two left over.
*Hot Chicken Pizza: Our absolute favorite.  
* Good Paulie: It's good but every single pizza will always pale in comparison to the hot chicken pizza from now on
* Classic: Good. We got this so that our daughter would eat something. But I would stick to their special toppings.One word for you...overrated!
We ordered the burger and the colony pizza.  Let's start off with the good.  The colony pizza is a great flavor combination...jalape単os, pepperoni, and honey.  That being said, the pizza was extremely greasy and the bottom was soggy.
As for the hamburger, I would just say the idea was great, but the execution was poor.  Soggy pretzel roll due to the hamburger's high level of grease.  Literally, there was a pool of grease underneath the hamburger.  Not 100% positive, but it seemed like the hamburger was cooked in a ton of butter.
My biggest gripe was probably that neither food item was close to hot when it came out of the kitchen.  Overall, an okay place if you want heavy/greasy food.  Lack of sophistication and much better establishments with higher quality pizza and hamburgers in the Philadelphia.I wanted to like this pizza-- I've walked past lots of times and it always looks inviting. I finally ordered take-out, and am sadly disappointed. I paid $20 for a pizza expecting it to be a large pizza-- to feed two people with leftovers -- and yet it's actually six small pieces that would probably be better suited to one person for one meal. Moreover, we ordered a margarita pizza, and the basil was quite sparse (6 pieces of basil total for the pizza). They also oddly put the fresh mozzarella in a separate container, meaning that we had to assemble the pizza at home and re-heat it for the mozzarella to melt. It was tasty but not anything special. The cheese baked into the crust is definitely good. All in all, if this had been $10, I'd be content. But for $20, I expected more. There are lots of other pizza places nearby that are better value and better taste.Had on my list to check this out for a long long time...so glad I finally did. Bangin! And I hope to get over there again and try more of their food.This place is the jam. We ordered delivery and had the Colony-2 and the spicy chicken sandwich - both were delicious and just the right amount of spicy. Had the salads to start- both good as well, especially the broccoli salad. But we have to add a big thanks because the staff at Emmy added in a bunch of extra food for us and included this sweet note. Perhaps they just had some extra food the night we ordered but it was such a kind gesture. Will definitely be ordering from them again.I really wanted to like this place because I've heard of this place when I moved from New York. I saw it all over yelp and I was excited that it came to Philly. The serving size is really really tiny and it's just average pizza. Not worth the cost