I have never found this market to be anything sensational except that when I need something not run of the mill like honey with the comb or something organic, I usually find it here.  They stock a lot of not seen everywhere items and the store appears very clean unlike a few in the neighborhood.My mother and I share a love for organic hippie food.  The buffet at Essene is so good that she requests to come here for a meal every time we go fabric shopping on 4th street!  In fact, during the week leading up to our lunch/fabric shopping date, it's all she can talk or think about.  They must be putting addictive substances in the tempeh.Great little store for the tree hugger in all of us. Stopped by here today in search of a particular product and saw many intriguing items in the aisles. I will return to taste the seitan cheese"steak" wrap for certain! Friendly and helpful employees too :)health food overload. this place looks and smells like the prototypical health food store, which i do not dig. (call me what you will, but i like my health food disguised in pretty environs like whole foods. if i'm going to pay top dollar, i don't want to feel like i've walked into a feed store.)
there are lots of products for lots of special needs; however, i found that some things were more expensive than the nearby whole foods so unless i absolutely need something that only essene has, i'll likely not return.This place has great produce.  For a small shop, certain items can get pricey, but there is a good range of healthy options.  I found organic pears for $1.69 per pound - and they are tasty!  Milk cartons are an average of $4.50 for organic milk.  They even have calestravano olives (the bright green juicy/sweet/salty ones).  Great options of snacks.  Organic cereal can even be found on sale 2/$7.00.  Not bad knowing that cereal these days is an average of $4.50!  Great go to shop, but I would probably still need to go to Whole Foods to do the bulk shopping.  This market is great for a quick stop.
p.s.  they also have a hot food counter/deli.  Food is fantastic, but pricey.  Mushrooms are amazing.While I love supporting local businesses and it's nice to have an alternative to Whole Foods, I find this place lacking on quality and freshness. I got a pre-made vegan sandwich from here before and was not impressed considering the steep price - very dry and lackluster. A lot of the produce is bruised and slightly wilted. They also don't carry staples like baguettes.
It's okay if you just need to stop in to grab a few items, but you'll find better quality and prices a few blocks farther down South Street at Whole Foods.I feel so lucky to live in a neighborhood with such fresh organic produce. Great choices for vegetarians and vegans. Also great hot bar and seating area. Natural products also include shoes, beauty products, books and cooking utensils. Best natural foods store in Philly.I find that the negative reviews for Essene are quite unfair and so feel compelled to write my own review. If you are coming here to buy items like cauliflower and pizza, then you appear to have a flawed understanding of why Essene is a valuable place. Don't come here to buy things that you can get elsewhere. Come here to buy the things that you can't get just anywhere --- like local raw honey, Fresh Wave candles, those magnificent raw vegan chocolate tarts, a wide selection of lunch containers and non-toxic food storage items, and organic unbleached lady care products (to name just a few things that I like). Even Whole Foods doesn't sell local, raw honey. I find some of the prices to be quite reasonable, actually, or at least just the same that they are everywhere else. If I have the choice of buying an item at Essene or WF, I will pick Essene any day of the week. And I , for one, find the vibe and atmosphere to be quite friendly. Perfect lighting. Amicable cashiers that aren't trained to be hokey and irritating a la WF. 
Quite frankly, if you're going to complain about the price of cauliflower, just go buy it somewhere else. And if you're looking to buy pizza at a health food store, then you have delusions about what health food is and probably shouldn't even be there. I'm so fed up of all of the nice businesses that I like getting closed down because most Philadelphians are average people with bad taste, and it's becoming clear to me that I need to support the businesses that add value to my life. So that's why I wrote this review, because Essene is great, and I'm happy that it's there!Essene is a place I go to pick up some special items I either can not find elsewhere or I just prefer the quality I get here.  For example, they have the best organic carrots - big, sweet and always fresh.  I love them raw and they are a hummus dipper staple for me.  The homemade carob bars with brown rice crisp are delicious.  The Mediterranean Lentil chips are wonderful and I have not found another store in the city that carries them.  So, I make a trip to Essene every few weeks to pick up my must have carrots and snack food.  I agree they are pricy, but for a few special buys I just love the place.  Must also say the staff is knowledgeable and always very helpful and friendly.I WANT to like this place. I really, really do, but I have been disappointed every time I go in. I live very close by and it's really nice to have a place to go to when you're in a pinch in the middle of a recipe and realize you forgot something. However, many items are very overpriced. Also, they don't carry things I thought for SURE they would have. I wanted to get some whole wheat buns. They have to have that, right?? I mean, they sell veggie burger patties, wouldn't they have buns to go with it? No, they only have loaves of bread. Perhaps I was missing something, but no one there is particularly interested in helping customers. Every time I go, I say "I'm never going back there!" But of course, I find myself going back and giving them another chance and another chance. The strength of this place is that it is the only grocery store in the immediate area. For that reason, I'm very happy to have this in the neighborhood. I would never do an actual shopping trip here. I would end up spending 2 to 3 times as much there as I would elsewhere. I was behind a man in line who paid $100 for a couple boxes of veggie patties and some produce. I couldn't believe it when they told him his total! Overall, I don't think this is a terrible place, I just wish the prices were a little reasonable and they carried more things. I've often stopped in here to find something and then had to walk to whole foods when they didn't have it. So I often wonder, what's the point?Discovered this place during a quick stop in Philly and was very glad I did!  I really appreciated the variety of options here. I went in expecting to be able to get some fresh carrots and was able to walk away with some cooked veggies from the hot food bar at the cafe there. 
When I interacted with the staff there they were fairly friendly though no one asked me if I needed any help or was looking for anything in particular. 
This is a great spot to grab some groceries or get a bite to eat.  Definitely recommended if you prefer vegetables and healthy meal options over cheesesteaks!I love Essene Market! It smells amazing, Most of their grocery offerings seem to be vegan/vegetarian, and there's a good deal of organic produce. I go there for everything from tofu to lipstick, and the occasional fresh juice or frozen treat. 
It's a little more expensive than Whole Foods, but there's nothing like supporting a small Philly business!You guys.  You don't know me like that, so I have a confession to make.  Deep down...I'm kind of a crunchy ass hippie.  Like, I fantasize about vegetarian co-ops (what up, Rainbow Grocery!).  So, in this meat and cheeze addled town, Essene is a welcome respite.  I love cruising the aisles of healthy people food, reaching out to veggie sandwiches.  And the hot bar.  Ohh, the hot bar.  So many delicious vegetable creature dishes.  I can't remember which ones I've had just now, but I imagine that they involve leafy greens.  Aaand there's a cute area to eat inside.  Aaand their staff is generally adorable and/or comforting in appearance.
Yes, it's expensive and I can't really afford to buy much there, but just knowing that's there's a whole refrigerator full of raw prepared food out there makes some days worth enduring.  
Also...I really enjoy mock chicken salad, and they have no less than five kinds.  Nom nom nom.Absolutely fell in LOVE! 
I was visiting Philly for a few days and asked around for a healthy food option and was pointed to Essene! OMG! The customer service, food, cleanliness and available products were all AWESOME! I've shared the website with others, and can't recommend the cafe enough! You'll love it!Essene used to be one of my favorite places to get vegan hot bar food, baked goods or other high quality Vegetables/ingredients. New owners took over recently. It is no longer a "vegan paradise" as one five star reviewer stated. They do have many of the same items as before But they also have piles of BOARS HEAD BACON where the hummus used to be. The hot bar is no longer vegan. Instead of paper sacks , if needed, they give out hideous, heavy plastic bags. I do not feel bad about going to Whole Foods anymore. Goodbye, Essene. And to be clear: it was the bacon that was the tipping point.I so agree with the other reviews.  The previous owner had a awesome buffet and I would eat there a couple of times a week.  The new buffet is awful!!!  So sad.i don't know why everyone is hating. their hot bar is delicious. they have a lot of gluten free items. the employees are really helpful and friendly. i love their selection.  their bulk spices are pretty good. also, where can you get a whole grains self serve section besides whole foods? i love this place.It's overpriced, but mostly for all the overhyped superfood stuff.  I'm usually buying whole grains, veggies, and tofu stuffs - and this is cheap stuff.  It's the super specialty health-nut, raw-food-in-packages nonsense that costs so much.  But hey, gotta get it somewhere!  These days I'm not much of a cacao-munching, goji-berry gorging, kombucha guzzling, superfood junkie, so my grocery bill at Essene is reasonable.  If you want a wide choice of clean whole grains, non-GMO fruits and vegetables, and any nut or bean you can think of, Essene's your safe haven.
Here's a tip:  At the cafe, a pound of plain ol' brown rice costs the same as a pound of scrumptious millet croquettes!  Be smart!I only went to the cafe part.  For me, buying food by the pound is a TRAP.  Yikes.  I spent more than I wanted to on lunch, ( of course), but the food was really yummy.  Try the "banana whip".  I didn't see it on the menu but its pureed frozen bananas and its INCREDIBLE!I come here semi-frequently, because of it's proximity to my house. 
LOVE: They have a great selection of natural, organic, non-wheat food stuffs. The stuff they sell is high quality, and I haven't been disappointed with anything. They have a great food buffet in the back. Awesome natural medicine, skin care, etc section. Christina from Christina Cooks does demonstration classes here that I have been to. Great community message board.
HATE:  The stuff they sell is freakin expensive. Sure, the organic peppers are great, but for $3 each? I'll go to the Italian market and get 5 peppers for that price! For that reason, even though the produce always looks great, I refuse to buy it there unless I'm desperate or it's too cold to walk elsewhere.Generally, the store is overpriced.  But since I live only a block away I come here pretty often since to me Essene is a high-end convenience store.  Beyond that, I'm a fan of the bulk foods, especially the spices.  Getting my spices here has taught me that when you go to a grocery store and buy a jar of cumin or vanilla beans, you're paying A LOT for that individually packaged jar.  Hold on to your old packaging and just refill here.I did *try* to go here twice when I was in Philly; however, I must stay the food was buffet and it didn't look too appealing at all. And I believe they had one Seitan dish each time. Needless to say, I stopped in twice and the food didn't look appealing at all, so I never tried it, I just wanted to share my opinion. However, I will say they had a very nice co-op connected to it with excellent choices!Every time I shop here at Essene I have a pleasant experience. The staff is always helpful and full of smiles and the local feel is great. They offer classes in the back (I attended a La Letche League class). The food at the back is good but limited to mostly vegan food. No meats which makes me sad because I love eating organic healthy foods but am not vegan so it left me wanting more. The selection of herbs and natural products makes me very happy. They carry a large amount of vitamins and natural products that you can usually only find online. It's more expensive here than shopping online but I don't have to wait a week to get it. 
Overall, I am very happy with Essene and so glad they are here. I love supporting local businesses and it's nice to have another option besides whole foods.I may not look like I belong here (with my Prada's and all), but I think my alter-ego is an Earth-loving, Birkenstock-wearing, rice milk drinking zen master. So when I can tap into my inner-womyn, Essene is the place for me.
On a chilly winter night, which starts at 5pm these days, my friends and I took a drive over to Essene in search of homemade soup. We were delighted to find a hot bar (à la Whole Foods) filled with raw, vegan, and organic options. Just as much as I love meat, I love vegetables, so I was thrilled to find a stir-fried veggie selection. 
It's like the mini-me version of Whole Foods. This small and important grocery feels a vintage Raleigh compared to the souped up but made to look basic Whole Food's fixed gear.Great friendly place:)   I stop by Essene almost every day to get fresh produce, a great selection of sprouts, as well as an ORGANIC JUICE BAR with wheatgrass (also serves organic banana whips!).  If you are a raw foodist, or just trying to incorporate more healthy live food into your diet, then this place is a great spot to visit.  They carry a full line of "awesome foods" brand raw and ready to eat entress/desserts/snacks/etc... and a fairly large selection of other live food companies and wide array of products.  Jenn is the expert for the live food products, so if you need anything in particular, ask for her.  I highly suggest trying the raw cacao/goji chunks in the case with all of the nuts and dehydrated fruits.
In addition to raw food selections, they are truly a complete store with everything from a fresh and large daily macrobiotic buffet, complete beauty and supplement depatment, books, cookware, and a lot more....
They have free Wed. night classes every week, as well as various special events.Love having this shop right down the street when I'm in a pinch. Perfect for random ingredients, or a dinner when we feel like trying something new. Great selection of tea, protein powder, vitamins, and cereals. Also, great for someone who is gluten free or paleo! Delish.Easy shopping, all products appear to be naturally sourced and scrutinized for chemicals before shelving. Making shopping easier then other places ~ recommended.While corporations like Whole Foods and Trader Joe's vie for control of the "natural foods" market, Essene may be the last real "health food" store in the city. ALL of their produce is organic. They still sell stuff by the pound. And they still make and carry a wide array of sweets without cane sugar. The hot bar is awesome and their selection of products is huge. Yes, it's expensive, but far better than Whole Foods in every way. Your best alternative is to grow and bake stuff yourself.I always try to support local businesses when I can, so I shop at Essene whenever possible. They have a nice selection of organic and natural products, some of which are hard to find elsewhere. Plus they have a very very small selection of meat/cheese, so I feel less nauseated shopping there.I stopped by Essene last night in an effort to get some basics without making a trip to a bigger grocery store.  On the whole, I liked it-- I love that you can buy their produce in smaller quantities than most other places (and I think their loose spring mix is a great deal-- usually when I buy spring mix in those huge bags they sell at Superfresh, it goes bad fast and I end up trashing half of it).  The hot food bar was good, but pretty pricey.  All in all, I think they have some good deals, but you have to be discriminating about what you get.  Desert Pepper salsa, 2 for $6: YES!  A tiny tub of soy ice cream for $6: not so much.
Note: for any carnivores, there is NO MEAT in the store.  I was figuring that they'd have grass fed/free range-type fare, but it's a good thing to know before you plan on doing your shopping there.I just visited Essene yesterday and it was another great experience for me.  I would love nothing more than to get a job just so I could shop there on a regular basis - I love it that much.
From the second you walk in the door, you are greeted by the freshest, most organic produce anywhere.  Essene has that independent business atmosphere, unlike that of Whole Foods (which just reeks of corporate and contrived for me).  The selections get better as you go along - a wide variety of organic flours are available to buy (by the pound), the same with a few types of beans and peas, a great selection of soymilks, chips, and even organic pet food awaits your inspection.
The only reason why I'm not giving Essene five stars (like I really want to) is because of their prices.  I do have to second another reviewer here and state that their food bar is awfully overpriced.  The same can be said for their desserts.  I understand organic products are not subsidized by the federal government the way corporate "food" is, but five bucks for a piece of hazlenut cake???
It's a shame the prices are so high, but until there are more subsidies for real (organic) food, prices will, unfortunately, remain high.
The only thing we can do is support Essene every chance we get.  And try to get out the door after we're checked out - and not spend another 15 minutes (or more) looking at the wall with all those lovely handouts and business cards!
In the end, though, whatever money you spend at Essene is well worth it - and then some!I love to go to Essene.  Being a vegetarian/vegan and wanting to get organic foods in Philly can sometimes be tough.  When I go here everything I want is right there.  Sometimes the people that work there are a little bit snotty, but whatevs it's cool.We live two blocks away - Essene is our go to place for vitamins, supplements, and natural foods. It's expensive, so I swing past and pick up sale items mainly... other items like kelp noodles are comparable and you'd only find them on the web. I really like the staff. Very knowledgable - especially in terms of vitamins/supplements. They have quality, refrigerated probiotics - not drug store stuff. Their folks pointed me to Gotu Kola and Ashwandha for nerve issues and upon further research - they were spot on (at least the rat studies suggest so with some sound rationale for human effectiveness). The place has great feel to it. The cafe is nice as well - I really like the soups. I'm not vegetarian so my rating is limited in that respect.I really like this market and would love to shop at Essene on a regular basis, but unfortunately my budget takes me elsewhere.
I love that the market is set up like a mini grocery store, with aisles and a great layout. The space is wonderful and the food looks so fresh! There is a great selection of organic veggies, olives, cheeses, and bulk products like steel cut oats and flax seeds. The packaged veggie food looks kind of blah, but the hot bar is amazing. It's amazing how stocked this store is with no meat/seafood section!
On my last trip I browsed the desserts and picked up one of their peanut butter-oat energy ball things. So good!
Their grocery aisles are standard with some interesting ethnic products and vegan selections that I actually haven't seen in Whole Foods. I also like that they carry all of the flavors of Lundberg rice cakes (another WF fail) and have a re-fill station for organic laundry detergent.
They also stock French Meadow breads (and gf tortillas which I can't find anywhere else) and unique dairy free ice creams.
I won't be a regular here since the prices are unfortunately way too high, but I will be stopping in for some groceries that I can't find in the other stores.Sometimes on a whim I'll take a pal in to show em the twenty-two dollar sauerkraut. It's there in the refrigerated section. It gives me the opportunity to say, "Saurkraut's still made outta cabbage, ain't it?" 
I'm not telling you that everything's over-priced at Essene, though. I just had to mention that craziness. I really should call my pops and tell him about it. The price of things these days. "Highway robbery!!!" might get yelled. 
 Most of the prices are what you'd expect from most natural food stores. Essene really is a great little place. I always find what I'm looking for, whether it's bamboo dish cloths or spelt somethin or other. I've also made mention before of my penchant for all natural junk foods. The produce always looks in top form, I should add. It's a dainty little section but it all looks fresh fresh. All these things and more... 
I think I want a real dope juicer. Like a really good one. Yeah. I gawk at em in Essene. I'm also a fool for all-natural good smelling products, and herbs and vitamins, hippie remedies and all that. I'm one of those. Essene comes through. Never tried any of the cafe food there, but I expect one of these days I will. 
I'm telling you, I'm some kinda nerd who could just browse the aisles there for fun.I am SO sad by the buffet. Essene is under new management and now the buffet is totally different. It used to feature amazing organic, macrobiotic and vegan food. Now most of the items are vegetarian and FRIED in a bunch of oil. PLEASE PAY ATTENTION to your customers reviews and BRING BACK HEALTHY, VEGAN food. This is a disgrace. Fried food is not healthy. They are ripping people off.The Mister and I stumbled upon this place and are SO HAPPY we did!
They have a FANTASTIC selection of Organic, Natural & Holistic products, and not to mention, a well stocked selection of local Kombuchas. :)
Would have loved to explore the store more but we were running short on time.I just kept singing "I'm living in a vegan paradise" in my best Coolio voice as I shopped. I hadn't been here in years and I have no idea why. That will change. Pronto! 
It's like someone hand selected all of my favorite items and brands from shall I dare say it, Whole  Foods and placed them all in one small perfect independently owned shop. So great. So, so great! 
They have a fresh pressed juice bar in the back of the take out bar which is new from the last time I was here. I definitely took full advantage of that. A small is small which is perfect for when I bring the kiddos back with me. They have daily specials and regular rotating juices. All looked so delish! My green was great. 
They still have tables for in house dining too. The entire take out bar and bakery is strictly vegan!! The girl behind the counter was so sweet and let me try a piece of the spicy tofu triangles before I purchased them and directed me to the sauce they use to create it. Yum! 
The tea section alone could be reason enough to make a trip here. The beauty section is quite lovely and extensive as well. Fresh, gorgeous produce, prepared foods such as seitan goods, faux this or that, veg sushi and more. A row of just sauces from pasta to hot. A shelving display of just coconut goods alone like chips, sugars, powder and oil etc. Oh, I can go on forever! Everything was organized so well. A must go-to for any vegan or health nut! 
The employees were all sweet and well educated on their products and ingredients in the food they serve. Such a great experience for my first time back in years. Can't wait to come back and food shop for more than just seaweed snacks and vegan eggs.
Love, love, love!This review is purely for the cafe portion. 
I am very excited about the prospect of quick and healthy food. I don't mind paying a premium for it if it's yummy. I've now been to the cafe many times and every time I experience varying degrees of disappointment. 
The items seem like they come from quality ingredients but the recipes are just NOT tasty. I often load my plate with a little of everything and end up not eating most of it. And I like a lot of foods! 
Today will be my last time paying $12 for -a plate of yuck.Someone crazily referred to Essene as the Vegan Death Star, and I have to say that I now find myself coining the term more than once a day now!
Pound for pound and dollar for dollar Essene has a better selection of vegan and vegetarian ingredients than the Whole Foods a few blocks away on South Street...in my opinion that is. For the hell of it I stroll through the aisles when picking up some fruit or a lunchtime snack and I find a completely different selection of "substitution" products, cereals and I even discovered a new addition of vegan scrapple! 
Their vegetable and fruit selection is a fraction the size of the larger marts but as far as I could see all of their produce is organic and a lot of products are local as well.
So why don't I shop there more? Like many others I find that Essene's prices are a little too high on some of the items I frequently purchase, so I find myself heading back towards South Street where I can save a few more dollars. I have to say, though, that their lunchtime selection at the salad bar has more of a variety compared to Whole Foods, but be cautious, it's all meat free.
P.S. - Essene also offers a nice little assortment of eco-friendly footwear and a cosmetic and vitamin selection you sometimes can't find anywhere else.I only duck in here when I am in the neighborhood, which is not often.  But I have made special trips for shampoos they carry that Whole Foods does not.  Their beauty section is pretty extensive.  The workers seem friendly.  The bathroom is gross.  But the rest of the place seems clean.
Hurray for small, independently owned health food stores.  They are a rarity these days.   This place is old school veggie, vegan, macro-food the likes of which I don't eat, but still appreciate is available for those who do.  Most health food stores these days are less about healthy and more about marketing overpriced packaged condiments with cute Etsy type packaging.  Not the case here.Wow, I haven't been to this place in years. But I have such very fond memories of their hot, ready-made food and their crunchy beauty products. 
The only time I'm down that way anymore seems to be when I'm going to Tattooed Mom's, but I promise that I always peer down 4th Street, thinking "I wonder if that rad place is still there." I should go back. I suck. 
I don't even have much to say about it. But. DELICIOUS.Essene is now fantastic.  The new owners have expanded the raw food section in  the restaurant.  The salads, which are finely chopped, delight the taste buds with complex but subtle flavors.  Some salads have 12 ingredients (or more.)
      I have eaten vegetarian/vegan food in many U.S. cities and in many cities abound the world; and Essene's quality foods can compete with the best of them.
     The cooked foods are also enjoyable with their own complex but subtle flavors.   I've had   the French Toast,  Tofu Scramble, Aduki Bean Stew, Stir-Fried  Brown Rice, Black Lentil Curry, Root Vegetable Patties, Spinach Tofu Wrap, and various soups.    
      All of these dishes were cooked with a craft that is sadly lacking in many restaurants.   Nothing is deep fried.  The owner said he buried the deep fryer in a shallow grave in the back yard.
      Oh! and better than even the salads and cooked foods (and juices) is this:   They have take-out.
       While you're there, check out the organic food in the produce section, the fresh baked goods, and the intelligently procured foods and beauty  products. .         And, no,I don't know the owners....I've been a health nut for ages, and am just glad I have somewhere to go when I want a good vegetarian meal.Health foods markets are something that I enjoy exploring for some silly reason, and thankfully my husband enjoys indulging me. We popped in Essene Market while out strolling, with no real intention of getting anything. We wandered around, checking out their produce, bulk dry goods, the bakery and cafe area in back with prepared vegetarian/vegan dishes, pantry items, and frozen goods. 
The selection of grocery items is pretty good, there were a number of items/brands that I haven't seen elsewhere, and my husband was impressed with the pets section (and that they had one at all). The produce was ok, but looked slightly on the older side. Prices are on the higher end, but about what to expect from a private, specialty grocer. We didn't try the prepared foods, but I did pick up a vegan chocolate chip cookie which was pretty good (but not as tasty as the ones I make ;D ). As much as I love supporting local businesses, when it comes to household staples I'd prefer to save money where I can and shop elsewhere.Considering the proximity of Essene from my house, I do frequently visit there, and I'm glad to have it near by if I need something but don't want to make a trip to my primary grocery store.  I check up monthly on their sales, because sometimes they're very good.  I also like that I'm able to quickly fill up on a spice or granola if need be.  I think when I compare it to WF or the co-op I shop at, it can be on the pricier end but not terribly inflated like at Chef's Market a block away, and some of their products are worth it.  
Around Xmas time I was having a party, and I wanted to serve seitan joes, but when I realized how much time and effort I didn't have that the seitan would require, I called Essene and asked if they offered a tofu meatball that I could serve in a crock pot.  Well, just that day, they were receiving a small shipment of 6 boxes of Mama Bella's meatballs that were very popular and in demand considering how unoften they have them available.  A nice lady put it in as an order for me so they would hold them.  They weren't cheap at around $4.30 for 4?... but the few vegans at my party loved them.
I would recommend always checking the fruit and veggies carefully before purchasing.  I've come home with mostly mushy cherry tomatoes and sprouting potatoes and garlic.
The buffet is yummy but very expensive.  You'll want some of everything and big pieces of tofu and veggies have weight to them.  The staff have always been friendly and helpful to me.  Overall, I like it.Love Essene, love what they're all about, the food is "real", organic, you can buy and eat anything and not feel guilty about it. Great sandwiches, deserts, whole grains, hot bar. Prices are a bit high otherwise I'd shop for everything there. The only reason I can't give 5 stars is for the attitude. I asked where the confectioners sugar was and got a 5 minute lecture about how they're an organic food store and don't sell mainstream items....after further searching, lo and behold, there it was on the shelf (called powdered sugar). Am I the only wholesome eater who likes chocolate icing on her vegan chocolate cake?Love all the vegan stuff here! Especially all of their lunch Sandwiches they offer! Some are made there and some they get from businesses, but it's the biggest selection I've ever seen! The buffet is all vegan and great too! This is just a win store for vegetarians and vegans! I wish it was closer, but it's probably good there isn't  cuz I'd be broke! Yeah the stuff is all a little on the pricey side, but you're paying for quality :)Nice little market.  It's kind of in the vain of a locally owned Whole Foods.  It offers a lot of organic options and health foods.  This typically translates into an expensive grocery store and Essene is no exception.  Basically I use the place to pick up unique items that I can't get at a normal grocery store.  Due to the prices its not a place I would do a heavy amount of shopping.  
They have some prepared foods that look good and offer a fair amount of vegetarian/vegan options.  But like the groceries the prepared foods are also quite expensive.Market is very expensive. As others have mentioned, Whole Foods has better values.
I come here for the macrobiotic groceries.  Last time they were all out of the Japanese Macrobiotic staples. They are in now, but prices are a lot more than what i have paid online or at W.F.
Cafe very disappointing. I was hungry and had to eat some oil soaked vegetables. The soup- $4.75 for a small bowl of warm water with some seaweed in it... So bad I could just eat a couple of spoonfuls. The brown rice was the only well made item that I tried. 
So it seems like I'll start making my own fresh pickles, and get the  rest either online or at WF.  Beavers Co-op in Chestnut Hill gets better yeast free bread... It's from locally produced, Fresh, not frozen like here, "Sweetwater Bakery" bread. Expensive at $7.99 per loaf, but so delicious!
Regretfully, I don't think I'll be back to Essence. I'm a bit far, and it's not worth the drive! H
It's a shame that with this mediocrity going on, the big, mass produced foods, like the ones whole foods sells, are the only winners.I'm a pretty big fan of this place! Whenever I'm looking for any vegan alternatives, I always head straight to this store. I love the selection of gluten free options and I feel like anyone with diet restrictions could find whatever they needed at this store. A bit pricey, but none the less a great place. I love their raw carbo squares too, YUM!I'm very lucky to have Essene in my neighborhood not only because it's a great place to find all sorts of specialty ingredients and delicious vegetarian/vegan goodies, but also because it's the meeting place for the Philly La Leche League, which I attend monthly.  There's an amazing section up front that sells vitamins, bath products, essential oils, and the like - it's where I get the bergamot oil that keeps my apartment smelling like a spa - mmm ...  As others have pointed out, the hot food bar is AMAZING!  Also, they have a small bulk foods department where you can buy various grains and spices in the amount you need.  That being said, I would be careful choosing things in that department - I was the idiot who bought the last bit of yeast from the bottom of the barrel and ended up with matzo when I was attempting brioche.  My only other complaint about Essene is that sometimes the produce is lackluster.  However, I have a feeling that this is because they carry local products that are actually in season rather than the mutant super-veggies shipped from all over the world that are available at Whole Foods.  Overall, I'm a big fan of Essene.  
Oh, also - sorry, Ali J., but I think it's a good thing that they don't let rats, or any other animals for that matter, into the store.  It's a grocery and they also have hot food served cafeteria-style, so it's important that they keep things sanitary in there.  I wouldn't be offended if they refused service to my two cats.  Just my two cents.Great selection of health food & awesome staff !!Wonderful product selection with a knowledgable and dedicated staff. Oh, and vegan prepared food section is available to eat-in or to take home.  I'd shop there much more often if parking weren't such a problem.Two years ago I gave Essene a 4 star review as it was my favorite vegetarian buffet in Philadelphia.  Now I sadly must demote them to one star due to the change in management, firing of the kitchen staff and the switch to non-vegetarian offerings.  I've been loyal to this place for ten years.  I will now BOYCOTT Essene.  What was once a neighborhood institution is now destined to rapid extinction.  So very depressing.I was short extra cash to buy stuff, but, had a very good experience browsing.
Staff was very friendly and attentive. Great sales, too. The one I recall from my visit was on coconut water.  Would definitely stop back  to shop.When I go to Philly, this is my FIRST stop. Seriously. My bags are still in the trunk of the rental when I hit their hot bar! Great, great, great vegetarian food.Essene is everything I've ever wanted in a grocery store. 
Judging from what I know about macrobiotics (I read a book about it a long time ago) there is a hot macrobiotic buffet bar (I hope that I am right in that assessment of telling you that this is a for real macrobiotic buffet bar) (If I'm wrong, it's damn near close to being macrobiotic...like, now I'm wondering if I've ever noticed eggplant involved in the selection). The bottom line being: it's delicious, healthy and almost vegan.
There is a really good juice bar that includes wheat grass shots!!!
Now we're getting random about my love for Essene: I love the variety of sugars; there is more than one kind of of coconut sugar to choose from! The only meat I have seen is fish and it's in it's own separate freezer. I love the demo people by the door -- there always seems to be a demo person giving out samples of fun things like vegan fudge. I enjoy eavesdropping on other patron's early dinner convos on Sunday early evenings in the Cafe. 
They have their own tofu tub. They have raw, vegan egg salad. There are bulk nuts and seeds. The produce is always a beautiful rainbow assortment of seasonal goodness, shooting towards the bulk nuts and seeds. They have Metropolitan Bakery bread. They make and sell something in the bakery called "Energy Balls". I can buy my cat a whole lotta grain-free food. SO MANY DIFFERENT KINDS OF NOODLES.  The personal care and beauty section is not to be missed. Kombucha selection. Aesthetically-pleasing humidifiers. Want. 
I once wrote anonymously to them my wish to carry "Nacho Mom's Vegan Queso" because I felt that I could tell them this. The cat is out of the bag!!!
Generally, there is stuff here that I didn't even know that I wanted. And it's all either green, holistic, organic, vegan, raw and always tasting good. This is a [sometimes pricey, but] great alternative to forking over all of your grocery money to Whole Foods, but one could definitely argue the point that it all costs about the same. 
Essene is everything I've ever wanted in a grocery store. The End.I am so saddened to go into our beloved VEGAN haven to find egg added into dishes at the buffet, bacon for sale and then I was told meat will be added to the buffet as well. AWFUL! All the familiar faces in the kitchen and juice bar are no longer there. WHY WOULD ANYONE CHANGE THE AMAZING FOOD AND BEAUTIFUL ATMOSPHERE OF ESSENE?! Sad and disappointed. Today was my last visit there and I left empty handed.So glad to have Essene in the neighborhood! Not only do they sell fresh organic produce, prepared foods, and special diet-friendly goods, they also sell vitamins and other health-conscious items.  Think Whole Foods but around 1/4 the size and independently owned.  It's close enough that I can do a big shop here if need be (although that has yet to happen) and have a fairly easy walk home with all my purchases.  I also like that they have a good selection of cold bottled drinks (lightly sweetened Honest iced teas) that I can stop in and buy if I'm in the neighborhood and craving something slightly healthier than a Monster Energy drink.  Keep doing what you're doing, Essene, because all the Queen Village organic lovers are onto it!You had better kno2w what you are looking for, or you will get swept up with hyperchodriac syndrome!! Very pricey, but great all Natural foods of all culture.I went to Essene on Sunday and spent $170 mostly on bulk goods to stock up and got jars from ikea to keep it in. On closer inspection that night a shitload of it is conveniently premoldy. Kidney beans, chickpeas, figs, golden flax seeds, and that's just what I could tell from looking at it. I'm returning all the bulk I got from there and never buying from them again, they obviously top off the old stuff with the new and everything is thus contaminated. I called and talked to a manager to alert them that things were moldy and she sounded very unimpressed and just told me to bring it back with my receipt to return. Believe me, i will be returning everything i bought there that wasnt presealed. I am super paranoid now at any of their stuff. And all this at prices that aren't much better than Whole Foods. God knows if they ever clean anything there, sooo disgusting. Decent selection, but I certainly will never, ever shop there again.This is a great market for those of us willing to spend a little extra on something like gluten free falafel chips (which are awesome btw) or some frozen ezekiel bread (also delicious).  
They have a cafe inside that serves up various healthy vegan/veg (or not) hot dishes and some nutritious and unique salads (definitely not your average boring garden salad).  
Great for anyone looking for a hard to find item such as Tahini Paste (which I used to make some kick ass sun dried tomato hummus).
Carry an assortment of fresh produce as well as prepared meals and snacks including sandwiches, hummus, and other dips.  There's an entire seed and oat section where you can get self served (pay by weight) items like red lentils or barley and such.  
Not to mention everyone was super friendly and the young man that rang up my order was such a doll.Good selection of high quality produce, but like everything else in their store, it's wildly overpriced.If I lived in Philly, I would be seen here everyday! They have absolutely everything I would ever need and so healthy and good for you! My Honey was making fun of me for picking up all the natural products like the new types of sponges they have for washing dishes. LOL He said I fall for all that type of crap. I love it! We are both very much into natural juicing. Someone at a store nearby told us to come here to get wheat grass juice. He tried the Carrot, Wheat Grass juice. I bought a pre-made one because carrot juice makes my tongue itch. Wheat grass is really good for you though, and with the proper juicing machine, you can make your own and grow your own grass! Prices were also extremely reasonable and not overpriced like some natural stores in NYC!Quick lunch here. All foods well marked for ingredients. Had delish mushrooms almost beefy, string beans and eggplant Parmesan. While it was all tasty, it was all only lukewarm. How about keeping food hot!The thing is... I LOVE you, Essene. Really, I do. But, ya see, you are REALLY hard on my bank account. Every single time I come through your doors I am bombarded with yummy organic and all-natural food that I just want to gobble up right there in the store and the curl up and take a nap on your floor --- most likely by your hot bar --- only to wake up a few hours later and do it all over again. But you see, Essene, if I do this I really WILL have to live in you because I won't be able to afford the rent for my own apartment. Sigh...This review is long overdue: 
For quite some time I went to Essene only if it was the only place to purchase a desired item. Why? Well, the people who worked there were sullen, looked unhappy & depressed and generally unpleasant.  Nobody really seemed to care if I shopped there or not - so I didn't.
Then a miracle happened!  Whoever does the hiring now should get a bonus. Without exception cashiers and counter folks are pleasant and (in some cases) delightful.  Now I'm there at least twice a week and love my Essene shopping experience.
Thank you for the effort as it has made a loyal customer of me and I tell everyone I know about what a nice shopping experience can be found at Essene.
P.S. Those lentil and root vegetable patties are so good!Other than special herbs, vitamins or the occasional voodoo tinctures, I am not a regular shopper here because it's clear across town from me and just way too pricey for my wallet. that said, I CRAVE the hot and cold bar, particularly after traveling or event-filled binges where my body feels like it will shut down if I don't immediately pump it full of nutrients. That is when I generally drag my wilting self to Essene and load up a plate of pretty much anything the collection of adorable chefs are laying down. I wish I could hook up an IV drip to the Harvard beets or the steamed kale or broccoli rabe and garlic, or any of their macrobiotic salads, and I don't typically get all ga-ga for vegetarian dishes because I am a bona fide meat eater. I just have some minor sensitivities so I like my food to be food, and it definitely is at Essene. 
Here they don't overdo it with tofu-in-place-of-cheese dishes or vegan chili with preposterous ingredients that don't belong, like broccoli. They're just smart to take real foods that grow mostly in the ground, cook them delicately and season them lightly with more natural things like sea salt, tamari, vinegar, sesame oil etc... 
When I eat there I feel like that old school gatorade commercial, you know the one where the b-baller would chug from the bottle and you could see his electrolytes regenerating under the thermal electrolyte-cam? That's what I look like when I eat their miso soup.I love shopping local and this place makes my body feel good like Whole Foods, but without the guilt of spending my money at a big corporation. They have baked goods (all vegan) that are delicious, as well as premade vegan sandwiches. I can't wait to try them all out, A VEGAN BLT COME ON!?Hot bar is $$ but on point.  Heat up a pre-made seitan wrap cheesesteak and dip it in some ketchup. Yum and Yummer.I am OBSESSED with this place! It's about 7 blocks further from my house than Whole Foods, so I don't go there as often as I'd like, but I definitely will when it's warmer out & I've bought a new bicycle.
First of all, I LOVE being able to support a local business, and their selection (LOVE the bulk section), in some ways, is better than Whole Foods (since the South Street WF is SOOOOO small). The prices are similar to WF (read: expensive), but again, it's worth it to me to support a local business, especially a business that is this vegan friendly!
Here's the thing, though, that brought me from 5 to 4 stars. Even though they don't even have a meat counter (so rad!) and even though the prepared foods section was almost entirely vegan (one vegetarian (egg) item in the 2 times I've been there) and even though their baked goods are all vegan...I was disappointed by the taste & texture of everything I ate there (2 varieties of macrobiotic sushi rolls, chocolate chip cookie, & 4-5 items from the hot bar...all meh, I was so sad).
But still, there IS so much to love. Super eco-conscious, local, & super vegan friendly. I'm definitely a fan of Essene.Essene market has been in Philadelphia for quite some time. All of their items are always fresh. I love the atmosphere in this store and its staff. Always attentive and nice. In other stores the employees seem to hide when they know a customer has a question. Not here! They are also very helpful if you need to call them on the phone. They actually look for an item not pretend. I will visit this store often when I need great fresh ingredients for a special meal. They also have a great variety of whole grain breads. Delicious!I'm not the typical clientele that will go to Essene. I'm not gluten free, vegan, nor do I care if my food is organic. The main reason I stop in is because it is two steps from my apartment and sometimes I forget an important ingredient at Superfresh. I feel fancy shopping in Essene and I like it once in a while.The best thing about Essene is that if fills a real void in the Philly health shop scene.
For their small size, they invest a lot of energy into really cool stuff you just can't get anywhere else.
Lots of fresh locally-grown produce that's just bursting with color and energy (most of the time).
Local tofu, a great selection of South River Miso, as well as Japanese macrobiotic, American and large bulk bin miso.  BTW their miso soup is a delicious warmer in the winter!
They have a large selection of dried Japanese sea vegetables, eclectic salts, gluten free stuff, raw chocolate making kits, dried goldenberry superfoods, nice selection of raw nut butters, tekka and refrigerated mochi, wheatgrass and sprouters.... 
They also carry a big selection of cute sandwich packaging which you can buy and wash - no more ziplocks.
Also, I recently fell in love with a lactic acid fermented and naturally preserved beet juice, much like Biotta, but a local Philadelphia company.
They have a nice bulk bin section (fresh oat groats for that wonderful Pure Food and Wine chocolate chip cookie recipe) and sell a good deal of raw food specialty items - the only place in town I've been able to find raw buckwheat for sprouting - and not too terribly expensive!!  (Eden)
Big and Expansive natural body care section, and they even sell great vegan shoes and well... the list goes on.  
They also usually have a nice coupon to save on your items during the year if you sign up for e-mail.
They get all the good stuff!The soups in the cafe are delicious.  That said, the rest of the store is overpriced.  I agree with the other reviews that say they are prohibitive.  Many of the products can be found at Trader Joe's for much less. The stuff that you can't find at Trader Joe's are unique items that should not be only for those with lots of disposable income.  $10 for a takeout lunch from the refrigerator section is ridiculous.  
But they do have a nice selection of fresh, quality foods.Went to Essene today to find out there is a new chef and s/he thought it was a good idea to take a formerly delicious vegetarian/vegan hot bar and put fish in it. 
There are signs available that say contain fish, dairy, eggs in small letters. Take down the big wooden sign that says you serve only vegetarian food ASAP. Take it off your web site. It's false advertising. I had a terrible stomach ache on Monday after eating your food and now I know why. I don't recall any signs that said fish was in the food, but I know they still today have the contradictory huge wooden vegetarian sign up!!
When we told the very nice woman at the counter that we could not eat the food she took it away quickly without an issue and was very apologetic. Maybe she didn't want to interrupt me and my friend, but someone should be actively telling people. A ton of your long time clients do not eat animals and loved that they didn't ever have to question dining at your cafe. Oddly, she said she was trying to figure it out if we were veg. Maybe I should lose 30 lbs and wear tie dye mandala shirts so I don't get fed fish anymore hah, ugh. Can't go by that, just please start telling people when you greet them so they don't get sick/angry.
For years I've always go out of my way to shop at Essene instead of whole foods or other grocers. I could have gotten stuff cheaper elsewhere, but this store WAS special and I wanted to support it. The vibe/staff has been weird for a few months and after reading the other reviews I see why...
Management: I wrote you an email a few weeks back praising your new cuisine. I'm very sad that I have to take it back and won't be supporting your business anymore.I hadn't eaten lunch at Essene in a while and went there the other day.  I love that I can get super healthy, filling vegan food here without having to "dining out".  I don't recall ever not liking something I got from their food bar.when i worked at pearl i loved coming here for the hot bar. i was pregnant at the time, and the lovely smells emanating from said bar were more than comforting...
actually, they were some of the few smells that didn't turn my stomach at the time.
when i get all misty and nostalgic, i just bring the fry down so he can pick out a cookie and we can chow down on some veg enchiladas.
really, it probably deserves 4 stars due to the friendly staff, the great food, and the wonderful drugstore section. that last star had to go down, though, as the price point is crazy high here.
hail seitan!Once I came to Essene to buy cauliflower. IT COST ME $13.
I tell people the story of my $13 cauliflower. They ask, 
Did it cook itself?
Was it the most amazing cauliflower you ever ate?
Did it give you special powers?
Admittedly, it was a large head of cauliflower. But $13?! Now when I come into the market, I scurry through the produce section, hoping the broccoli doesn't grow arms and grab me.
Essene does offer a great selection of bulk dry goods and weird stuff you won't find elsewhere, like quinoa pasta, rice sweetener, and hemp milk ice cream. It's all flipping expensive, but unlike Whole Foods, Essene is a small business so you feel good about spending half your paycheck on a bar of fair trade vegan all-natural fortified with coconut essence 85% chocolate.
Be sure to check out the vast selection of vitamins, supplements, and beauty products. They also sell vegan shoes and stainless steel lunch containers and all sort of things that make you feel fuzzy about the earth and life.
I'm only slightly making fun. I'm addicted to their lip balm selection.Note: I grew up in California, so have shopped at DOZENS of health food shops. Ok, now, for my review.
Very good selection, but they lose stars because:
The first time I walked in there, a cashier loudly asked me "HI! Did you just get done having your hair done next door?!??!"  I was perplexed that she would ask me that, especially since I  had never met her before and I was unaware of any hair shoppe next door.  So I replied to her with "No, I am here to buy food" and her eyes suddenly looked as if they were going to pop out of her head and her jaw dropped open.   This was very awkward to me and I walked away.   I did my shopping and the same, strange girl checked me out, and she was very smug towards me.  Soooooo, I did not return for another six months due to the awkwardness.
The next time I went there, I casually mentioned to the manager that I had initially (when I first moved to Philadelphia)  had a hard time finding them because of their small (low) internet presence.  He said to me:  "We Don't WANT people from the internet shopping here!!"   and he  abruptly walked away.  I had just finished checking out with a cashier, so I left with my groceries.  So, I waited another 6 months before going back, because of his rudeness.
The next time I came back, I went to their cafe.  The lunch was very bland.  Also, I was about to order a wheatgrass juice, but the person behind the counter had such and attitude, that I instead drank water.   
With the prices they charge, they really need to work on preparing foods with flavor and the rudeness of their workers has got to go.   I would give them two stars, but the employees who work in the health and beauty department are friendly.
I live in Fishtown, and I really wish that someone would open up a proper health food shop/cafe/juice bar in or near my neighborhood.