I searched the internet looking for a new restaurant in my neighborhood. Based on the reviews I ordered and had it delivered.  I ordered the Grilled Spinach Chicken wrap on a Spinach wrap( honey mustard sauce). It was generous and melted in my mouth. I've tried their Evo's Salad Combo (Grilled Chicken & Shrimp). I will try their Pizza next. The delivery was quick and the driver was pleasant.  I would recommend Evo Brickoven Pizza. I will try a Gourmet Pizza next time(quite a few choices).Best pizza in Mt Airy and its not even close. Thin, fresh, delicious. Clean and modern inside. Under the prior owner this place was lame, we were shocked at the improvement now. Definitely coming back.Pasta tonight from Evo!  
For all of you who are ordering pizza, I highly recommend giving the pasta a try.  
I mean, even though they were super busy tonight, they absolutely KILLED it with the pasta we ordered.
Here's a tip: instead of getting delivery every time, go in and pick it up now and again, and enjoy watching some real pros tossing pizza dough!It was good, we will definitely be ordering again soon! We had the pizza and wings both were solid.Only good thing is that  the delivery was fast but the pizza itself was horrible. Never going back!I decided to give Evo another try since they are right around the corner. This time, the wings were great!  The owner, or at least I think he was, personally came to speak to me regarding my last review. He informed me that they were super busy the last time I ordered. He also apologized for my cheesesteak not being up to par. He also assured me that they use 100% beef. I was very impressed with their customer service and also as I stated before, the wings were awesome. I will definitely continue to give them tries in their new endeavor.I decided to try this pizza place due to the awesome reviews and I was not disappointed. 
I ordered the Sicilian pepperoni pizza. The sauce was sooo flavorful and it was the perfect amount on the pizza. So many places cake on the sauce when it's not even any good! Evo's crust had just the right amount of crisp. It wasn't soggy and floppy. The whole damn pizza was yummy & this is where I'll be ordering my pizza from now on. None of the pizza places in the Gtown/Mt. Airy area touch Evo's pizza!
I also want to mention the décor is beautiful and cozy.Nice little spot. Walked in randomly and seen two women enjoying food and conversation. Before leaving, they thanked the people behind the register for being here now. It was genuine and made me feel good about the space. Pizza is good. Crisp crust. They even "customized" some pizza for my friend. She's picky. Lol. But I'll return any time I'm around here. Check it out. 
-@imsuperdope_Have yet to have a bad meal from Evos. I recommend the cheese pizza and pasta dishes. They are delicious. Very nice staff also.Great food and customer service! We had mixup with our order and they were so speedy with the replacement! We already loved this place but that sealed the deal.Tried this place for the first time and will not be wasting my money here again. Spent almost $20 on a margherita pizza, and it seems like they were running out of cheese? There was barely any on the thing. I feel like I spent $20 for a cheap supermarket tomato pie and someone put some sad, cheap mozzarella on top to try to put some lipstick on a pig. Super disappointed, especially for pizza that's pretty expensive. Also, we live 4 minutes from the shop, ordered delivery, and it arrived on the cold side of lukewarm. I literally never write reviews, but this pizza was so disappointing I felt I had to.I ordered Chicken Italian pizza and the pizza was really soggy and fell apart. It was too wet with sauce and there wasn't much cheese. I ordered from Evo a few times and was always good so it was a little disappointing.Driver wrote his own tip and stole money from me food was cold and horrible never again!!!!!Haven't eaten here yet nor did I know it existed until I met Alexander the delivery guy in route for a delivery in my building. He definitely sold me! I can't wait to try this out! After talking with him this seems like 4 stars is appropriate! Will update once I try!Brick oven pizza this is not.  There is no char.  There is nothing to distinguish this from Domino's.  Our pepperoni pizza was served without sauce.  Without sauce!  It was late for pick-up.  No, no, no.  Please clean up your act.Terrible! Cheese is fake! Pizza is old. Absolutely nothing fresh! Highly disappointedI order the Evo combo pizza this was my first time ordering from here. The pizza has a good top crust and the right amount of topping but when I picked up a slice the bottom was soggy like the green peppers wasn't properly drained before they were put on the pizza and the pizza wasn't cooked all the way . I put it in the oven a little longer but it didn't really work . The taste was good . I also ordered the spicy BBQ wings the wings were good just good had been cooked a little longer it was on the edge of being not cooked all the way. The delivery came when it said it was despite being right after the snow and the street was the cleared all the way . I would give them another try just won't order green peppers and will ask them to fry my wings harder.I haven't eaten here in awhile... I must say the pizza was awesome and the service was great!Well, it looks like a pizza. The sauce is insanely thin and SALTY. The cheese? SALTY. The dough? SALTY. Jeez. Who ever made the pizza was heavy handed.  Needs better quality cheese. Way too salty. Really disappointing. It looked ok, arrived quickly. Delivery driver was really nice. Food was terrible. I'd rather drive to manayunk, or frankford, even south Philly. Anywhere but here. Never. Again.The BBQ chicken Pizza is very good too.  Owners super friendly.  My only suggestion would be a few green peppers for color and maybe a few onions, even though I'm not one for lots of veggies.  Don't hesitate to give Evo a try.The chicken salad is delicious. Made fresh everyday. The thin crust cheese pizza is another one of my favorites. You top it off with a piece of "mom's" brownie OMG! Go check them out...YUMMY!Let me start this update review by saying I LOVE this place.  Yelp makes reviewers post a new review after so long, I guess.  
And even though tonight wasn't a 5 star experience, I am still giving Evo 5 stars, because that is how I feel about it overall.
Tonight we ordered the sausage pizza for take out.  
The good: The aroma and taste were perfect.  The sausage was tasty, as was the sauce and cheese.
The bad:  Alas, the crust was burned. Not by much--but still to the point where we could not eat the crust-ends, and were even eating the cheese-sausage-sauce with a fork, while forgoing the crust itself.
This is an easy mistake for a pizzeria to make, of course. With their very-high temperature ovens, if it goes just one minute too long, you are screwed.
That being said, I know they can make a great crust, because I've eaten it!
Anyway, we still love Evo, and we will be back!I love that they use minimal or no plastic/ styrofoam packaging for their delivery orders. I commend you guys for making that decision!
Very thankful to have Evo in the neighborhood. They're the best pizza delivery spot that we've found here.I bought a large pizza & found the service great, but the pizza more a 3 star rating, not any higher.Good pizza. The delivery guy was prompt and on time on a 2 inch snow day. I greatly.appreciate the service. No complaints. I had the meat lovers pizza.Excellent Pizza reminds me of good ol NYC Pizza. Staff is extremely friendly as well. Great prices!Mediocre at best. The Works pizza at $19.50 was just okay, nothing special. The pasta aglio, which some reviewers raved about, came with linguine the texture of shoe leather. There's al dente and then there's can't-chew-this-at-all. Underseasoned, too. Maybe Sunday evening is not Evo's sweet spot. First visit and I won't be back.This place never lets me down. Consistent and delicious food (that doesn't mess up my GI), earlier than expected delivery, super polite staff and delivery guys, extremely reasonable prices. I ask for nothing more.Still the best Pizza  in Mt.Airy but the quality of the pizza is beginning to decline. When they first opened it was some of the best pizza in the city; about a year later its just not the same for some reason and I think it comes down to the crust. 
The pizza used to maintain its shape and form when you picked it up. Now it just falls limp and half the cheese slides off like every other place in the neighborhood. 
Great pastas & service but the pizza is not the same as when they opened. Here's to hoping they can get back on track.I ordered the pesto chicken and the chicken ranch pizza with fries on the side. They were terrible, not tasty and only greasy! don't recommend this place. 
The fries on the other hand were great!I ordered food tonight and paid for it via my debit card and the delivery person never showed up. I work at the CH hospital, so after waiting more than 2hours and trying to call 10:45pm they did not answer their phone. I am pregnant and disappointed. Why did they steal my money? They better refund me in the morning!!!!Worse take out I have ever had in my life. It took about 3 hours to even deliver and once it was finally here after calling back 4 times it was freezing cold and the order was wrong. I spent about 48 dollars including the tip and the food was disgusting. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone who wants either food that's hot or food that is edible! We simply ordered a margherita pizza, broccoli bites, mozzarella sticks and a Cesar salad. The ceaser I got (I don't eat meat) had shrimp and chicken on it and definitely wasn't the salad I ordered. So yeah I think I'd rather starve next time because they won't ever get another cent from me.I've been coming here often. Best pizza in the area. Golden crust pizza is garbage compared to Evo. Sandwiches, wings, and other food fantastic too. Employers are courteous and friendly.The staff working here is incredibly friendly and helpful. We placed an order for pick up and somehow part of our order didn't make it home with us after we picked up our food. I called the restaurant and they immediately recognized my number and said they were about to call and let me know they still had some of our food. Within five minutes the delivery driver was at our house with our missing salad. On top of all that, the pizza was delicious and the salad huge and fresh. We will be making this our regular pizza joint from now on!I ordered a variety of 10 different pizzas for delivery for an event and they were all delicious!  BBQ chicken and tomato ricotta were probably my favorite, but they were all yummy.  The only reason they are not getting 5 stars is because I ordered the pizzas to be delivered at 6:30 and they came at 5:45, before any of my guests had arrived.We ordered three pizzas at 6p on a Friday night. A young man had them at my door at 7p. Great response time for a weekend when it was freezing out. Here's the funny part. One of the pizzas we ordered was all the meats. It wasn't in the order. Instead was a pizza that was 2/3 plain, 1/3 chicken and spinach. We were a little disappointed but far hungrier to care. About five minutes later the doorbell rang and it was the same gentleman with the correct pizza. 
Make a mistake? No big deal. Make a mistake and correct it without me having to call? Stellar. Glad to have a good traditional slice nearby finally.This has become my go to pizza joint in the area. Have eaten there 4 times. First 3times pizza was great. White pie with garlic and spinach, buffalo chicken , pepperoni, and chicken ranch all very good. Ordered delivery late  last night and it took close to an hour to arrive. Pizza was no longer hot. I called the shop and the lady was extremely courteous and apologetic. Offered to send over a fresh pie. I declined because it was late and she promptly credited me the price of the pizza for my next order. These things happen and she made it right. That's good business. They are still my go to in the area!I got food poisoning from ordering here last week. You should have it in the menu description that the pasta contains fish sauce with anchovy pieces, when it's listed as pasta with olive oil, garlic, and pepper. Not sure if it was the fish sauce or the salad that made me sick out of all orifices, but it happened shortly after eating and was miserable for 3 days.
DO not order from here. Disgusting.We love Evo!! It's our favorite pizza and pasta spot in the area. Their pastas are so delicious. We recently went vegan and they were able to accommodate us with our pasta orders. So deliciousDelivery: If only I could give zero stars.  We ordered at 5:15.  The window for delivery was 6:40-6:50.  Fine, we figured as much on New Year's Day.  At 6:55, I called Evo and asked where my food was.  I was given a half ass excuse "we got a lot of orders at the same time" and that my order was in the car out for delivery.  Okay, fine, it's in A car.  35 minutes passes from my phone call to Evo.  It is 7:25 and my food finally shows up.  
Food:  I ordered the Chicken cheese steak wrap with fries.  The fries were cold and gross after sitting in a car for probably an hour.  The wrap was tasteless, barely had cheese, and was also cold.  My husband ordered the Texas burger.  It was mildly warm, definitely not hot, and was not very satisfying after a VERY long wait.The cheese fries and broccoli bites were good. But that's where the positives for this place stop. First delivery took well over an hour. The chicken parmigiana was terrible. The chicken was tough and the sauce lacked flavor. Furthermore, I ordered 2 pizza slices. I was alerted that one was not available and I understood. However, the second slice was missing from my order as well even though I was charged for it. Finally, when Yelp contacted the restaurant in reference to a partial refund they flat out refused. I will never order from here again.Good quality and clean. Worth it if u have a taste for quality pizza. They need beef pepperoni thoEVO you have done it again with the veggie burger, the buffalo wings and pizza top with roasted tomatoes spinach grilled chicken, other seasons that pop on your tongue and tickle throat. Milkshake was the BOMB!
Check them out folks....They are wonderful, customer service is on point, very attentive, very good greasy food joint, they pay attention to the little things which is nice from your neighborhood pizza joint.Decent local pizza spot. Thumbs up on the taste of the crust. Decent value for price. I will return.*ordered on Friday for dinner* pizza was good but the wings were just okay. They didn't have enough sauceI first tried the Sicilian pizza with pepperoni.  I have to admit is was very good, but not quite as good as Aziz's (the previous owner of Lincoln Pizza, EVO purchased his ovens).  I have heard many good things about the Neapolitan pizza, but I have yet to try it (may do that tonight).  I have also ordered the buffalo wings and fries.  I was not moved by the wings, but the fries were excellent and I don't even really like potatoes!!!  It's not my favorite place, but I will be back to try some more items.Everything was great and my order was correct. The wings were crispy and saucy, how I enjoy them. Nice quantity of mozzarella sticks and they substituted the marinara for Buffalo sauce like I asked. The cheesesteak was hot and they use good bread! The delivery man was the nicest, happiest guy. It's not often you get a guy like that. I'd recommend this place to anyone. This was my first time and I will be a return customer!So far, so good! Unique pizzas with high quality ingredients and friendly service. I even liked the Cheesesteak therePizza and crust are pretty tasty. The definitely brush the dough with olive oil. The wings are above average as well. Inside the place is clean and well maintained. You can definitely tell this place is family run and owned.Finding good pizza anymore is like finding a needle in a haystack (especially in the Mt. Airy, Chestnut Hill, and Germantown community), but now I can confidently say I've found that needle in Evo Brickoven Pizzeria is defin
I relocated to the area in 2012, and every time I've attempted to order delivery, the quality of the pizza has been disappointing.  Evo Brickoven Pizzeria is now my favorite local pizzeria.  
When I opened my box of delivery, I immediately took a picture.  The perfect pizza was finally delivered to my door step.  The crust is light with just enough crisp, the sauce is flavorful and robust, and the cheese is quality mozzarella that melts perfectly.  Topped off with Parmesan, black pepper and garlic powder, I thought i was at Lorenzo's or better yet in New York! 
I will definitely be ordering more food from Evo!The food. Is good we have supported them since it opened! However I walked into the restaurant with $100 bill paying for a $30 order I was told they didn't  have change on a Friday night! Wow! What was that!!!! Just made us say hmmmm we paid with a card!Praise, Jesus! Been waiting 10 years to get some quality pizza in Mt.Airy. Love the Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak too. Still need to try 90% of the menu... But 2 for 2. Liked them both. 
EVOWow, first time ordering yesterday on grubhub, and must say that I am very impressed. Delicious eggplant parmesan sandwich (no bitter taste at all) on amazing bread- not too fried or too cheesy so I didn't feel awful after eating it. Personally I do like a bit more sauce (especially bc their sauce here is so good!) on it but otherwise it was great. Thin crust pizza is awesome as well. Although an extra $2.50 just for a few leaves of spinach seemed pricey to me. Then again everything is so affordable that I can't blame them. Maybe if they up the price of the cheese pie a few dollars and then make the toppings a bit less I would feel better about the topping prices. Will definitely be ordering from here again!Cute little restaurant, but the day we went, they were super-busy. I guess that explains why, when we ordered a pizza that specifically did not have green peppers listed as one of the items, the pizza we received had green peppers on it. My friend hates green peppers.  To their credit, they gave us a whole other pizza without green peppers for free when we complained. Still, I wasn't really that impressed with the pizza.Had pasta from Evo tonight.
OMG.
What can I say?  It just keeps getting better and better.
If you're only getting the pizza from Evo--and that's definitely a good call--you are missing out on some AWESOME eats.
Next time? 
Try the PASTA!  
Mmm... pastahhh...The only downside to this pizzaria (plus other entrees) is they only have medium or extra large pies.  That, and it has little ambiance for eating in.  But the pies are divine.  The staff is great.  And did I mention the pizza is delicious?  It's delicious.  You can't go wrong with any of their pizzas and they offer a wide variety of specialty pies.  There's no alcohol but you can pick up beer across corner if you are there before 7pm.  Easy parking on Lincoln Drive or the CVS parking lot.  I always get take-out so can't speak to their delivery but trust me, try this pizza and you'll be hooked.My go to pizza shop. A great local spot in Mt Airy! Everything is great quality and the staff make you feel like family. I eat here like once a week and have never had an issue!Not flavorless but definitely not flavorful... Burger ordered medium and received well well done. Fries weren't great but definitely good. Wings were standard nothing more nothing less. Great steak stromboli huge! But maybe the calzone would've actually had flavorOn a rainy Sunday we did an order and take out for a sausage Calzone which was ENORMOUS and tasty but hadn't been heated long enough as the cheese hadn't melted.  The 1.3 mile drive wasn't the issue because the crust was golden and warm.  Two of us still had plenty to eat for lunch the next day! Next time we'll ask for 2 more sauces.It is a very good local takeout place. However, it is not worth a special trip outside of the Mount Airy neighborhood. Even if you are coming from Germantown or Chestnut Hill, I would still recommend finding another place closer to you.
The staff is very friendly. They prepare several takeout orders every hour, and they also have pizza by the slice for those wanting to eat in.
The pizza itself is very solid. Closer to New York style, but with the addition of cornmeal (or some kind of corn flour) on the bottom to give it a slight crunch.The food is delicious and the staff is friendly and professional. The best pizza in the neighborhood!Their business really has picked up. Word of mouth and reviews like this have brought the folks in. We order from here at least 2x per month. We would especially recommend the meatball parm. The meatballs are homemade, the bun is toasted and the sauce is not too tart. Customer services is excellent. Have also tried the plain pizza and the strawberry salad, both which were also fresh and delicious.SOLID pizza. Our new go to for delivery. It's our first time and are definitely satisfied.I had a gut instinct this place might be good and yelp reviews confirmed that suspicion might be correct.  So after weeks of anticipation, I finally got around to giving it a try and I can say it lived up to the expectations.  I like some different pizzas, but I had to try the gold standard Pepperoni first as a baseline.  .  Good flavorful pizza, nice crust and ratios of cheese/sauce/meat/crust.  I found myself wishing I had ordered the Extra large instead of the large.  Pizza is kinda like sex.  Even "bad" pizza is still pretty good when you are hungry enough.  This was very good pizza.  I was tempted to try it again the next evening. Definitely want to try their BBQ chicken, which looked good sitting in the glass case.  Easily one of the best pizza's I've had in years.
It's delicious.  Not a very heavy thick/dense crust that fills you up in a hurry. It's more light, thin just right amount of crispy crust.The food is Delious, my favorite is the chicken Alfredo every thing taste so home made you won't be disappointed with anything. The staff is friendly an all around great place.This was a delivery order. A ceasar salad and specialty pizza with Italian sausage, onions, and roasted peppers with mozzarella cheese was my order. The order arrived early and the pizza was hot! I really enjoyed it. I wish the sausage had been more seasoned but the onions and peppers were just fine. The salad was fresh and cold. All in all, a good experience and I will try other menu items.First time getting Evo food tonight, and I have to say that we are impressed.  My wife is 100% Italian, and is a tiny thing to boot.  I had to practically fight her for my share of the Pasta Aglio Olio, so you KNOW it was good! The pasta was prepared perfectly, and included a very nice side salad, and a nice big chunk of homemade garlic bread.
We just moved to Philly, and live 2 blocks away from Evo--lucky for us!  We will definitely be back soon to try the pizza--like tomorrow?
Don't hesitate to give them a try. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Update:  Tonight we tried the other standard item by which my Italian wife judges Italian restaurants--the cheese pizza, or "plain" in Philly-speak. And I'm happy to say that she--and I--give it a definite thumbs up!
The gods of pizza have smiled on us.I've lived in this in the this area long time and this is the best pizza I've ever gotten. They deliver it promptly usually within 35 or 40 minutes. I often ask for it with extra oregano extra grated cheese extra hot pepper flakes and these always arrive with the pizza. They are very generous with cheeseFinally there is a good pizzeria in Mt. Airy.  I have only lived here for a few years and tried everywhere and never had a good pizza. I hope the rest of the menu is just as good.Easily the best pizza I've had in the area. I'm so excited that they're here! We ordered the meat lover's pizza with meatballs and my friend is already planning her next order. I'm looking forward to trying other items on the menu.Happy to find a place near work that I can say with out a doubt offers GREAT service and food. Will definitely be ordering again!Wings were good, delivery was fast, and the food was hot. The pizza was not great. I was not a fan of the crust, sauce, or cheese. I will order again because of the fast delivery and the wings (which came with ranch and celery.)Evo Brickoven Pizza DESERVES to be #1 pizza place in Philly. No other pizza place can compare to EVO. Their hard work, dedication & authenticity is just phenomenal! It is well worth your money and will leave your taste buds wanting more. EVO staff knows how to make a REAL pizza. 
For all you haters out there who think all pizza is the same it's not!! EVO proves that every single time.Evo is new to the neighborhood and I was a bit sceptical because it's so close to me, how could this place be good and the menu looked great which sometimes means it can't possibly be good. Well I was right it's not good, it's Great!  BEST PIZZA IN MOUNT AIRY CHESTNUT HILL AREA. I have only had their Pizza so far I can't wait to order something else.I'm impressed with the quality of their foods.
I've ordered the Pasta dish that had their Homemade sauce, fresh garlic, and parley. I like fresh ingredients in my dishes.
I like the decor and atmosphere which is inviting.  
I'm a Happy customer and I approve this message :)I ordered a cheesesteak the other evening.  It was the WORST ever!!!  The meat (not even sure it was beef) was tough and had absolutely no flavor.  I asked for ketchup and mustard and only received an overdoes of mustard, no ketchup at all.  The roll was stale and hard.  I will stick with Toto's when it comes to cheesesteaks in W. Mt Airy.My husband and I have always said that we wish there was a consistently good pizza place in Mt. Airy... And there finally is! Usually we order pizza, either the pomodoro or the Sicilian, but we have loved everything we've tried. Great sandwiches (I'm a sucker for the eggplant Parm), and the fries and wings are delicious as well. Usually we get delivery, but the first time I picked up, I was pleasantly surprised by how pretty the place is. It is obviously well run and well taken care of, and on really busy nights it's still spotless. Not the cheapest pizza around, but well worth the price. Don't forget to add a Caesar salad.This is the best pizza place in the Mount Airy/Chestnut Hill area, in my opinion. Great family owned business where they will remember you! I love the pizza here and order it often. Most of the other items that I've tried on their menu are pretty good too, including the wings, salads, buffalo chicken wrap, and chocolate cake. They have a handful of tables so you can eat in and byob if you wish. Definitely worth a try if you haven't been yet!Great quality pizza!  I got the bacon ranch and sausage!  Very hearty and I will be back for more