ASK FOR DOM!   Food was incredible. Ambiance was definitely something to write home about. Will be back!Everything was fantastic from start to finish. Excellent service / food / cocktail menu. And the show was incredible... refreshing change of pace from the usual nightlife in the area!Great New Place! Definitely fits it's billing as an "EQUAL PARTS RESTAURANT & ENTERTAINMENT VENUE".  The food was great (Mediterranean style). The entertainment (cabaret)was eye popping and incredibly talented. Can't imagine this place not being a big hit in the Philly club/restaurant scene.We got here early at 8 p.m. so I wont be able to comment on the club atmosphere that begins at 10 p.m.. During the earlier hours there is still some softer music as well as performers. The mime and magician was especially fun to interact with.  The decor was very interesting. It was elegant and modern but had an industrial feel that fit well given the area we are in.
The food was alright.  I'd suggest coming later for a cocktail or two and the late night menu.  We were there for dinner and got the spiced baby eggplant, grilled lamb short ribs, and the beef sirloin kebab.
Definately do some research into what the dishes look like. Some of the pricing felt inconsistent for what you got.  For example, using my pictures that go with this review, the grilled lamb short ribs only cost $3 more than the baby eggplant.  That being said eggplant was still delicious.  It was nicely roasted and the sauce and pomegranate that comes with it paired really well.
The lamb short ribs were a little greasy, but fell apart with the touch of the fork.  The green beans with almonds and dates were a nice touch to match then heaviness of the short ribs.
The beef sirloin kabobs were also pretty good.  You get three pieces of meat alternated with onions on a skewer, and a roasted potato.  There is also yoghurt and charmoula served with it if you wish (felt very much like a take on steak and a baked potato with sour cream).  The meat was cooked to a nice medium but one of the pieces was half fat that you couldn't bite through.  
Overall it's a cool place that I wouldn't mind coming back to for their late night menu and a cocktail or two (I honestly would skip sitting down for dinner again).  Pair that up with the entertainment and you have a solid night in a very interesting atmosphere.Great experience with food and performances, and great service. We went after 10pm and the shows included a violinist, saxophone, and many burlesque performers. Great vibe and really friendly servers, especially the guy with the manbun. Cocktails were good and the hummus was great.My wife and I really enjoyed this experience. Great food from an experienced top Philly chef. The ambiance and entertainment was very impressive. The manager and staff all seemed very passionate about trying to create something unique. I recommend an open mind and giving it a try. The food isn't cheap but you are also paying for the entertainment.Excellent food, entertainment and service. I've tried every item on the menu and have been nothing but blown away. Hummus, manti dumplings, shrimp and beef are my favorite:). The performers are so talented and include musicians, singers, dancers to contortionists, sword swallowers and aerial artists. The staff is more than attentive and always going above and beyond.. Philadelphia's most unique venue is a must see!!This place was amazing! The service and food were phenomenal. Our waitress Justice was the best waitress I've ever had. She was so nice, attentive, friendly and gorgeous! Strongly recommend.entertainment is decent, though they do the same act every night 
management is poor. 
seems like they only care about making money at this place and not actually making regular customers. gimmicky.super cool experience ! 
came for a thursday night show & wasn't disappointed. the entertainment was so cool and very different for every performer. 
we ordered a lot of the small plates - the hummus was amazing ! the ricotta was perfectly salted and delicious. pretzels fritters were odd, kind of dry and flavorless. the cauliflower was super tasty. the guacamole was great. i forget what else we had but 8/10 for food ! the pb&j dessert was lacking jelly !! otherwise i enjoyed it. 
we were there for about 3 hours and our bill was about $100 a person for food and drinks. will returnGreat place and ppl so far Nick and Chobe both bartenders who greeted us are and were amazing... offered opportunity to drink with 5mins left. Deff need to return due to amazing hospitality. You know the saying you judge a person and places in the first 5mins.... this place deserves some attention. Will return and update reviewBest show + food in fishtown.  It's an experience.  Great live shows great music good food great service. Going again soon.Just WOW! This is the place to be in Philly: glamorous atmosphere, food, drinks, service top notch! And most of all, wonderful, stunning performers. We were warmly welcomed when we arrived, the host let us choose our table so we got to sit close to the action. Beautiful crowd, great music, showtime Philly!I was incredibly lucky to be able to check out Fabrika before they official open next week! At their open house/preview, they were previewing 2 cocktails, wine/beer, a smattering of menu-item minis, and most importantly, the entertainment that makes Fabrika a dinner "theater".
Fabrika would perhaps be more aptly called a dinner cabaret or variety show, with entertainment ranging from burlesque style to opera! With a high ceiling, industrial-style sculptures and voluptuous chandeliers, it's the perfect backdrop for the central stage that raises up and down. The lounge-type seating throughout provides views of the stage from every angle -- it's the perfect setting for your next happy hour or date night.
The food hits on the trending Middle Eastern cuisine, and leans towards tapas with a number of small plates as well as entrees.  The flavors were complex and intriguing, and paired perfectly with the extensive cocktail menu.  I also tried a few bartender-created mocktails, and the slightly bitter juices elevated the flavors on our plates.
I'm very excited to head to Fabrika when it's officially open and sample more of the menu and entertainment!Just AMAZING! This place is the top place to go in Philadelphia if you want an amazing show and food. The entertainment is top notch Ans the food and drinks are delicious... i wish there were more options food wise but what we got was good . Small portions so keep that in mind , i will deff be coming back here!Went here with the beautiful Tina T. The atmosphere was amazing, equally intimate and dramatic. But then the service was fucking weird; the bartender recommended a cocktail but couldn't even tell us what was in the cocktail, and everyone kept trying to upsell the food and the entertainment. The food apparently needed the upsell; the seafood plates were too salty and very rubbery. But then the entertainment was just incredible; there were musicians, dancers, mimes, and (cute) sleight-of-hand magicians. I definitely want to come back for the burlesque, but I'm probably going to skip the food altogether and order a glass of wine or scotch.Get the goat. Stay for the show. Sax player was legit af. Cool place, sexy vibe. Great date spot for dinner and something different than you're used to.Came into town for this, and had dinner at 8:45 to see the show. The show was terrific and definitely worth it. 
For dinner you pay $40 (per guest) for the show and must purchase a min of $50 worth of food/drink. We were here for it all so this was no issue for my party of 3. 
The only thing is we would maybe go to dinner elsewhere and just come here for the show and drinks because somehow they do not offer a fuller menu for dinner. For instance I ordered the Octopus (this was delicious) which comes with potatoes and I wanted to add on a side of brussel sprouts, but there are no sides on the dinner menu.
Thing to note: 
Seating is first come first served so they will show you what's available when you come in. I would recommend coming in at least 10-15 min before your reservation because of this.
Cons:
They run out of some of the already limited menu items. This was annoying. The Shrimp Scampi Rissoto in which 2/3 of us were going to order because it's pescatarian friendly was not available because they ran out. 
Service: 
A fine gentleman served us but the service lacked in timeliness. We sat down and ordered drinks and didn't see a drink for a good 20-25 min. 
Also, my octopus literally came out 20 min before everyone else's food o_O
Food: Two of us ordered the Fettuccine  Primavera since they ran out of the Risotto, and it was average. Nothing to write home about.
Octopus -- this was delicious, and since I am a pescatarian they modified the dish to not come with the chorizo which I appreciated.
Drinks: though drinks took a while to get to us, we all really enjoyed the drinks.
The show: absolutely amazing! Great performers. Most of the performers even come out and interacted with the guests for pictures and such. We would all return again for them.Host to all sorts of entertainment, Fabrika is an amazing outing for any day of the week that you coordinate your interests. 
Home to the best hummus in the city, bar none.It's amazing.  Food was great, drinks were great, and entertainment was different, interesting, and great.
It's definitely an experience!I can't say enough about this  jaw dropping new dinner theater in Fishtown. I read an article in Philly eater about this place opening 2/4 and decided to make reservations   ASAP to see if it live up to the hype. So....it was one of the most amazing experiences of my life and the most incredible birthday celebrations of my life. Upon entering this redone ice cream machine factory, you are mesmerized by beautiful chandeliers and steam punk decor. Next you are escorted to your table, which all seem to have a great view of the stage that rises and falls  during the performances. Mediterranean food was served family style for $55 a person. Dishes that were served included pita bread, hummus with pine nuts, Georgian   salad, meatballs with a yogurt dipping sauce, grilled octopus (the best), falafel, and lamb chops with a pistachio sauce. Everything was amazing. The wait staff was incredible considering it was opening weekend and packed. Before the gender neutral bathrooms was a common place with the massive swanky chair, tub  filled with rose petals, and a piano, this soon became the ideal place for snapping pics for social media. Entertainment included burlesque, contortionists, and everything in between. These performers were extremely talented and had the crowd riled up. I can't remember, if ever, the last time I've been so highly entertaIned and never had I had such a memorable birthday. I'm actually pretty sure the rest will never live up to this night. Just when you thInk I can't say more, Fabrika also has an amazing drink list, can be rented out for weddings, has VIP bottle service, and is probably a great place for bachelorette parties. Okay, I think I've given you the low down on this snazzy new place that I probably won't be able to get into again because there'll be no reservations available, so I'll stop wasting your time so you can go make your own reservations. Enjoy!We had so much fun last night at Fabrika! We were there to celebrate my birthday and the show was fabulous! My favorite were the twin dancers, I loved their costumes and they came around to our table to dance near us! The tickets were $30/person with dinner but totally worth it. The menu is pretty small and the drinks are pricey (but delish), so that's the only quip I have. It's also a beautiful space inside and I loved that the round stage in the middle moved up and down. Will definitely be bringing my friends here soon!Let me start off by saying - this place has SO much potential and I'm excited for them to grow. I definitely will be returning and will update my review after another dining experience. 
My fiancé and I came here for Valentine's Day dinner. I was really looking forward to experiencing all the great things being said about this place. I was immediately in love with what they had done with the space. The ambiance was energetic and the entertainers were phenomenal. I couldn't believe I was in fishtown experiencing this. I would give it a 5/5 for entertainment. 
However, everything else fell below average. I would give a 1/5 for the rest of the experience. 
We had purposely booked a 10:30pm reservation from advise we had received and we were told they had RAN OUT OF FOOD!!!! I'm not talking just some food, ALL food from their dinner menu! I couldn't believe it - how could the restaurant not prepare for Valentine's Day crowds?! On top of that- they had us even put down a credit card for our reservation so they should've been prepared! We asked if we could order off the late night menu which technically did not start until 11:00pm...and we were told no! In fact, she would not take our order until 11:15pm. We were starving at this point...only to find out items on the late night menu were also out of stock! At this point we were just frustrated and annoyed at our dining experience and how they were very un-accommodating. 
To be fair, what little food we did get was honestly pretty good. The falafel was delicious. But 20 minutes into us eating, our server hands us the check. We had to remind her we had ordered a dish that had yet to even come out...I was even a little more irked our waitress was not already aware of this. When we finally finished, she handed us the check and said "I tried to find my manager to comp your drinks but I couldn't find him, sorry." I was so annoyed by this...why even mention that? We didn't even ask for free drinks, but It made me feel she didn't try hard enough to accommodate us for our failed Valentine's Day "dinner". We went to grab some late night food after because we were still hungry. 
Honestly, I'm hoping they will fix these problems because like I started off saying, this place could really be something great.The food and drinks are limited for brunch on Sundays and the drag show all in all it was pretty decent. A minimum of $70 is paid per person ($20 for show and $50 min for food and drinks) I have seen more entertaining Drag Shows in DC, but they do have some original and different acts.I had an amazing time here on Friday night!    It's a New York/Chicago-esque caberet experience right in the heart of Fishtown!  
Located right next to Barcade, Fabrika is in a large, beautiful 2-floor warehouse.  It has a sophisticated, yet chill vibe and you really felt transported into another city.  Several people at my table mentioned that you felt that you were in NYC or Chicago rather than Philly.    
We arrived at 8pm, but stayed past midnight for the entertainment, which begins around 10/10:30pm.  
The food was great and of high quality, done in a Mediterranean style and the prices were very reasonable, considering that there is no cover charge and that there's also entertainment involved.   In fact, even if were no entertainment, the prices are still reasonable for the food alone.  
The highlight of the evening of course is the caberet show, with a variety of acts.   You have some low-key dancers, dressed up in various costumes, and they performed well. This escalated later to a drag show, pole dancers, a contortionist, and singers.   My favorite act of the night is the violinist, who really worked the crowd and put on a fun show.   All in all, everyone was very good.
Highly recommended and I'd definitely go back!Our group of four had the chef tasting menu.  It was completely overpriced for the amount of food.  We all left hungry and went to eat elsewhere afterwards.  That would have been ok if the food was good but it was not.  Mediocre, edible.  They did offer to bring us more items to improve our experience but we declined.  If we already had the chef's recommendations, we had little confidence going forward. Not one of the dishes impressed us in the least.  My recommendation would be to eat elsewhere and come here for a drink to see the performances which seemed to be better after 10 pm.  The space is amazing and performances are interesting but we felt taken advantage of at over $100/person.  I cant imagine this place sustaining itself with the amount of overhead.  If you're interested, I recommend going in the near futureFabrika is the site of the best and only surprise my fiancé has ever kept from me, and it was one for the ages! I was surprised with a birthday dinner and show here at Fabrika and we had the best time ever. For a unique night out in Philly Fabrika cannot be beat. 
The ambiance is super sexy and cool, so take the opportunity to dress to the nines and get lots of IG worthy selfies. There's a $50 fee for the show and a $50 food/drink minimum which is certainly not hard to achieve as the prices are on par with the ambiance. My suggestion would be to forgo the big plates and just share some apps and drinks, especially the hummus. The dinner was just ok but that hummus was tits. The drinks are also fantastic and well worth the premium they charge. 
Now let's talk about that show! I will be the first to admit I'm a bit of a philistine when it comes to shows like this but it appealed even to me. The talent is unbelievable and the dancing and music was enough to get everyone involved. The atmosphere is well worth the price and if the idea of a sexy cabaret dinner appeals to you then this can't be missed!I feel very frustrated with this place. For the second time I made a reservation for over 6 people and so they charged me for all the tickets ahead of time. Last time one person dropped out and they said they would put that money towards the tab, they did not. Fast forward I make another reservation and I get charged for 11 tickets prior to the event. I realized a week before that my friend has covid and needed to cancel. I called and asked for a refund for her ticket and to alter the reservation. She girl said she would. I never received the refund. I called again and spoke to the manager Anthony and he said they wouldn't refund that again they would apply it to my bill. I told him that last time they didn't do that and that I wanted the refund he said ok. I still didn't get the refund. I called again last week and asked him to refund me. He said he would look into it and call me back. I am still waiting for that call. Fabrika...why are you stealing money from your patrons??? It's a real shame because I like the venue.Two stars because the venue is cute enough. The drag brunch is $30 a person just to attend, which this show is not worth. After that, there are no bottomless mimosas and everything is super overpriced. For a table of five with cover, included gratuity (which is the only think I'm okay with the price of), meals and three or four mimosas it was about $600. The meals are MINIMAL. I ordered French toast and it was two pieces of French toast cut in half with a few strawberry chunks. I looked around and quickly realized we were hoodwinked because this brunch is clearly pandering to the suburban crowd who doesn't have a precedent for what a drag brunch drag should be. Never again.Food: While the food was delicious, the pasta portions were small for dinner prices. Our burratta, hummus, gnocchi, sirloin & cacio e pepe were cooked to perfection & spiced perfectly. 
Drinks: Our drinks were as creative as they were tasty. Our couch reservation came with a complimentary bottle of champagne which topped off the night. Overall, the drinks were well worth it. 
Show: Absolutely stunning! We only stayed for the first half, however every moment was action packed. It was an extremely refreshing & inspiring experience. You could feel the chemistry of the acts flow throughout the room. I could rave about the ambiance for an hour! While i'd love to include videos, I wouldn't want to spoil it. 100% recommend Fabrika for everything from an intimate date to a bachelorette party!
Service: Our waiter was awesome. He was both attentive and polite. Their entire staff is welcoming and super helpful. I really appreciate the mask enforcement on both staff and patrons. The facility is very clean, glasses/silverware were polished nicely. Impressive feat, not a spot in sight!The ambience is amazing the show was awesome. The food was just ok and overpriced. Do yourself a HUGE favor eat before you go. I should've took pictures of one of the other dishes. The MANAGER was horrible a young guy who knows nothing about customer service or how to run an establishment. If they keep him around this business will absolutely fail.The concept is beautiful. A nice Mediterranean dinner accompanied by first-rate entertainment in the form of Vegas showgirl-style dancers, belly dancers, and dance music. My appetizer of seared octopus with pork belly and giganta beans was prepared really well. They seem to like to char all of their meats slightly, which is sooo good. I wish the dish had more than one tentacle. Unfortunately, except for the lamb short rib, nothing else among the appetizers looked all that good. The lamb chop entrée was very good. Again, the slight char on the meat made it a delightful experience to eat. I wish the lamb chops were bigger, but that's not a gripe, only a wish. Next time, I'd like to try one of their fish dishes. Somehow our server mistook my dessert order of honey vanilla ice cream to be chocolate peanut butter, which would've been fatal for my dinner companion who has a nut allergy. I think, in a place where the music gets super loud like this, there needs to be some way for the servers to verify that what their customers are ordering is correct.Dined with some friends on a Friday night. All the performances were so unique and entertaining! Our server, Dominick, was awesome! He recommended great food and drink options. He did a great job keeping tabs on us while also letting us enjoy the show. We would definitely come back!Literally so freaking cool. I can't leave a good enough review! My coworkers and I hit the town on a Thursday and caught so many funny, interesting, and eye catching acts at Fabrika! The admission go towards all of the amazing performances you will see, and the prices for food/drink are very fair with the portion sizes and amazing flavors! As a table we shared literally every small plate they have, the ahi salad, burrata, hummus, short ribs, octopus, it was ALL delicious! Hummus pictured here, hard to tell from the lighting. The lighting itself was so fun for pictures as well as the lovely gals who stopped to take a few! I want to come back so badly on a date night or Sunday brunch! GO SEE FOR YOURSELF!I loved everything about Fabrika! The service was impeccable, the venue is so chic, the food and drinks were on point and delicious! 2 suggestions: 1. Have everyone ditch their phones and enjoy the experience.  The girl behind me had a light on her camera and took video of the entire show like she was TMZ.  2.  Have all tables face the center stage. 
I can't wait to go back with a group of friends! The show is literally a show set for Hollywood or Broadway! Amazing!!We went on a Sunday afternoon for drag brunch, to celebrate a birthday. Entertainment was $30 a person, then you pay for whatever you eat or drink as well. Our reservation was for 1 pm and the drag show started at 2 pm.
The show was fantastic, the queens were fantastic. I loved every minute of it! Peaches was a favourite but I honestly loved everyone. There's a little intermission as well for bathroom breaks so that's nice. We brought cash to hand to the queens as they came around. I give the show a 10/10. 
The restaurant is spacious & has an upper level, everything is very industrial rustic & very aesthetically pleasing. It was a cold (25°F) day out so the restaurant was definitely pretty chilly - we all kept our coats on. I give the vibe an 8/10.
The food was our least favourite part. I'm not sure why but the prices on the in person menu and the prices on the online menu aren't the same. For example, the online brunch menu says octopus is $19, but it's $20 on my bill. It's not a crazy difference but WHY is it different? We liked the French toast but that was it. The squid ink pasta wasn't great, omelette was very dry, the round fried balls were just okay. Also, most/all the drinks are pretty much $17/18 a piece and I don't think it was worth it. I'd rate the food a 5/10 and drinks, a 6/10.
It wasn't packed during brunch but there were enough people. Our server was really nice but our food did take a while. Drinks on the other hand, we're timely. A person at our table waited over an hour for French toast. Everyone was done eating and we were still waiting for it. I'd give the service a 7/10.
All in all, this is a unique beautiful experience. It's great for dates and it's great for groups and worth experiencing at least once. There's also no mandatory minimum for food during brunch but I hear there is for the dinner theatre. The queens and ambiance made it all worth it. If you are super sensitive to sounds, this might not be for you because it is pretty loud.Ok so the three stars is for the Beauty of the place and for the performances. I can't give any stars for food or service. Let's start with the menu that had about 5 things that you could choose from !! Everything thing had some type of sauce on it . No  good appetizers!!! No truffle fries or anything like that. So I finally found something which happened to be the ahi tuna !! Good but small portion. Next was the shrimp dish (1 hour late&ice cold) no explanation of way the dish was so behind nothing. TBH the way the treated out table was bad. Sorry but not sorry. I would say stay away , but the dancers are amazing. Please do better the food is terrible and service is worst .Came here on a Wednesday with a group of 6 and they acclimated us right away! Love the setup and the cozy environment space! The food was AMAZING!!!!! The octopus was so Smokey rich and the short ribs were so flavorful and soft! Service was over the top! I heard there are Great live performance here on the weekends that I will definitely come back to try out! Love the love dj performance! Must get the pistachio ice cream before you leave!!!!!The Sunday Drag Brunch was amazing! The performances were great and the staff were on point. The GM brought us to our seats and ensured we had the best view in the place. We will definitely be back!!I attended Fabrika's Sunday Drag brunch with a group of girlfriends for a birthday. The space is so cool with a definite steam punk vibe with a splash of glamor. The majority of the staff seemed attentive and knowledgeable with the exception of our server who was absent far more than she should have been considering how much we ordered. She also messed up our bill which management happily and swiftly corrected. The food was okay, unique flavors but definitely not the highlight. The drag show was great!! I dont want to spoil anything so let me say this, it is not family friendly at all but it is perfect for a champagne fueled birthday celebration with the girls!WOW. WOW. WOW. How have I been sleeping on Fabrika for this long??
My boyfriend and I visited a couple weeks ago for our anniversary and were thoroughly impressed. Reservations are suggested but not required, however if you don't have a reservation it's first come first serve (tbt to ye olde days amiright?) 
On Fridays and Saturday's they perform their full variety show starting at 8:30pm, so we made our reservation for 8:30pm to get to witness the beginning of all the action. At first I wasn't really sure of what to expect, but every act was amazing. There were go-go like dancers, Drag Queens, Opera singers, aerialists, an electric violinist, silk artists, and gosh so much more. Ya girl here has see Moulin Rouge in Paris and I was so dang impressed. Bravo, Fabrika, Bravo. 
I actually only have a couple pictures of our food, because I was so dang mesmerized by what was going on on centerstage. They serve mediterranean style foods in a shared plates type array. Smaller plates, and larger plates are available as well as dessert. We ended up getting two small plates, and one large plate. Food was reasonably priced, I think our check came out to about $90 for dinner and one fancy drink a piece. On Friday and Saturdays, A $30 ($20 on Thursdays and $15 on Sundays) entertainment fee is added to your bill for all guests in attendance, however it was well well worth it for the quality of the show. 
There is a dress code in place (honestly everyone looked top notch) so leave your flip flops at home. I had on a sparky pink dress and felt relatively underdressed if I'm being honest. 
Just a couple of comments otherwise unrelated to the food and entertainment: 
--all staff wore masks and face shields which made them a little hard to hear over the entertainment but safety first. 
-- I don't think they're doing a coat-check at the moment because of Covid, however, having my coat stuffed into the back of my chair was kindof uncomfortable being that it was one of those scoop, u-shaped accent chairs, which are very comfortable but not practical when thinking of hanging coats on the back. 
Overall 11/10 would recommend. They do Drag Brunch on Sunday's and whomever in my friend group that is next to get married can bet that we're coming to Fabrika for bachelorette brunch. Such a great event or date night spot, I can't wait to see what's in store for this business.My server Justice was awesome! Had such a great experience here! The food is delicious and the show was awesome! Highly recommend checking this place out.After what seemed like a century of hibernation, last night was my first real night out on the town. I put on smoky eye makeup (which I oddly still remember how to do), a dress and even high heels, called my fabulous friends and off to Fabrika we went. I have heard a lot about it from other people, and I thought I knew what to expect but the experience was beyond anything I imagined. From the amazing decor, to the extremely talented diverse performers (you have drag queens mixed with aerial acrobats mixed with burlesque dancers mixed with saxophonists) to the amazing drinks (definitely recommend The Boris or the Fabrika Spritz) and food (the Octopus melted in my mouth), everything was perfection! And it's not just me, my friends said the same exact thing! And we cannot wait to return!!Went for New Year's Eve party and had a great time! The show was fantastic and the place was amazing.  The menu is also very good but my wife had to send back 2 entrees because they were over salted. In 10 years with her she has never sent food back at a restaurant.  The staff did everything they could to make things right, and our overall evening was very good.  I did talk to the manager and let him know, as well.  We will go back, but we'll probably request low or no salt on the food we order. :)1st timers and we had a wonderful evening! The entertainment was amazing and our server was on point. The ambiance and decor were . The food, meh. Very overpriced for what you got and it was just ok. We got the guacamole, cauliflower and flank steak.  There's a ton of good places to eat in the city so I'd suggest eating before you go. When we go back I'd spend the $50 requirement solely on drinks, which is very easy to do with $16-$18 cocktails. We'll definitely be going back! Bravo Fabrika for bringing some spice to Philly Nightlife!First of all, let me say that my 4 star review is all going towards the atmosphere and performers. The atmosphere with mood lighting, cascading chandeliers, velvet couches and two large bars at either end is fabulous. It really is different from what you usually find in the area. The performers were all stellar; our host said that soon they will have a more set schedule of performers so you can call ahead to get an idea of what acts are to come. We saw tango dancers, acro performers, aerialists, and both male/female burlesque acts.
As for the food- my advice to Fabrika is to either increase the portions of their dinner menu or lower prices. The food is Mediterranean/Middle Eastern and for the same price you can do a lot better at Suraya in Fishtown. I was not blown away by anything - at its best it was good comfort food (thinking of the goat stew).
I would definitely come again, but next time I would eat elsewhere or just snack on bar food/late night snacks. Performances start around 10PM so I suggest coming here for some live acts....after you've had dinner elsewhere.This was the first place I went after being cooped up for a year that I was extra excited just to be out. I had no idea what to expect so when the DJ started to play music I was ecstatic! The entertainment was excellent and the food/service was perfect. Nothing could have ruined my night.Checked out Fabrika for the first time last night, and we loved it. The show started at 9:30pm, so I made the reservation for our dinner date for 8:30pm, since we did not want to be sitting around for a couple of hours waiting for the show to start.
Foodwise, it was a 4 out of 5. We shared the octopus appetizer which was a little on the salty side, but delicious. For my entrée, I had the fettuccine, which had an ok presentation, but turned out to be quite tasty. Meanwhile, my husband enjoyed his duck dish. 
Drinks wise, the wine list needs work. The cocktails were ok, but strong. Go with the Fabrika Spritz if you want to play it safe. And the beer list has the local beers.
Let's be real though, you're not here for the food or drinks. You're here for the show and the ambiance.
We have not been inside a club in over a year since COVID hit, and being inside Fabrika, listening to the DJ playing loud house music felt amazing. With tables spaced apart and not able to dance, it felt like we were in the VIP section of a megaclub.
The cabaret show was very cool and lasted about an hour, with belly dancers, Georgian dance warriors, and the DJ playing the saxophone. For a couple of hours, it felt like we weren't in Philly anymore, but maybe in Vegas or Miami. You would never expect to find a place like this in Philly, in the middle of Fishtown. 
The hours of operation have been adjusted due to COVID, and is only open for dinner Thursdays - Saturdays (6:00pm -11:00pm), and for brunch on Sundays (12:00pm - 4:00pm) now. Make reservations and I would advise checking their Instagram for updates as there are different performances that are scheduled for specific days.Recommendation: book the latest possible dinner. The later it gets, the higher quality the entertainment.
The interior is tastefully decorated and this is the perfect place to grab dinner and stay for drinks. Different performers come on stage periodically while you eat progressing in frequency as the night goes on. Drinks are unique. The food was good, but you come to this place for the atmosphere.
Unfortunately my only complaint is that the entrees are appetizer sized. If you came for a feast this is not the place to be. 3 bites of pork and fish is not an entree. A hot dog sized skewer of lamb is not an entree. At an average $30 a plate, there is no excuse to be conservative on the portions. 
The entertainment includes a diverse variety of performers separated by 20 minute intermissions. 
Before 9:30PM - PG
9:30-11PM-   PG13
11PM +    Results may vary!I finally visited Fabrika last night. Omg the show they put on was just awesome!  They had acrobats/drag queens/umbrella jugglers. We ordered many appetizers to pick on and they were great . My favorite was the Brussel sprouts. I suggest everyone to go go go and see a showFabrika is a new restaurant and during covid they basically built an inside, outside. As if that isn't area is dope enough, the actual inside is even more popping. Just check out the bathroom you won't regret it! I think we tried every cocktail there, fabrika spritz being my favorite but they were all decent. For apps we had the octopus, the pork belly, the burrata and the bolognese. I wasn't crazy about the burrata, but the rest were outstanding. The pork belly melted in my mouth, you could taste the freshness of the homemade pasta. Although the bolognese is not a standard appetizer it is a must try!  I may have enjoyed the potatoes more than the octopus. For entrees we "family styled" it as usual. Lamb chops, shrimp risotto and flank steak. The lamb had great flavor, the mashed potatoes had flawless consistency and the risotto with the shrimp was just wow! The risotto with the shrimp was much better than the risotto that was served with the lamb chops.The steak itself was pretty good but not as good as the lamb chops. The menu has already changed since my visit a month ago and I believe they're open inside so I cannot wait to try again. The server even let us try some homemade peanut butter ice cream the pastry chef was experimenting with !!! I'm excited to go back, eat inside and see what lm sure will be fabulous show. This place will be a total vibe in the summer especially if they participate in sips! This was a closer to a 4.25 out of 5THE TALENTTTT!
Fabrika is definitely an experience and one I highly recommend!
For food - we really didn't get to try to much. We just got the hummus and meatballs small plates which were both good. Nothing to really rave about. Pretty average. (Tip - go early so you have plenty of time to eat before the show. They stop serving food when the show starts)
Drinks - amazing! I was sipping some spritzs all night and they were nice and refreshing 
THE SHOW - even better than I imagined... I really wasn't sure what to expect but I was blown away. It's like a mix of drag, acrobatics, burlesque, and musicians. The guy who played the violin was absolutely amazing. So much talent in that place. You really need to go check it out. 
In addition the overall decor and esthetic of the place is just really cool and different. It's a really cool experience and I already can't wait to go back