What a delightful meal we had here! I got the Mediterranean sampler. A full plate of fresh vegetables and flavorful dips! Also notable was the great service, my man brought out water when I didn't even ask, he just knew that I needed it. my friend got the lamb gyro, I tried it and it was very good. at the end of the meal, he gave us a fun orange candy. boy do I love an unexpected sweet treat. I will definitely come back here! I did not try the baklava, but it looked very enticing.So happy this place is right down the street.  Food was very good, everything tasted nice and fresh.  The owner gave me some free pita/hummus while I waited for my food.  Nice touch!I don't get how people love this place. They microwave everything and what they don't microwave is clearly canned products (hummus, babaghanush, grape leaves, falafel) How can anyone order a sandwich here when you know the meat is either cooked hours before at a different location and reheated or microwaved to warm up.  It also took 15 minutes to prepare a platter of canned dips, already made salads, and zucchini.Fresh fresh fresh , this little establishment and and juice bar is an amazing edition to east Girard , I really have loved everything I have gotten , great. Salads , really great juices and smoothies , and fantastic middle eastern cuisine , great customer service , the eygptian man that owns and runs the place is a delight to chat with , it's nice to see such healthy options coming to Girard avenue !Visited today. Great visit. Free tasting plate gave a great insight to the menu. All of us got the Falafel and one side of Baba Ganoush. Falafel in pita is huge, priced right and very tasty and we are connoisseurs of falafel. More importantly the owner was super attentive, helpful and friendly. My family will return. We live in Media but a short ride for a great lunch for under $25 for three.Do not, do not. We ordered through yelp24 and picked up.  I can't imagine how anyone left positive reviews about this place.  The food was the absolute worst Mediterranean food I've ever had.  The falafel was dry, rock hard and must have been leftover from who knows when. I paid a dollar for a side of taziki which was not included. Nothing on the entire platter tasted good, such a bummer.Got the lamb gyro and was very underwhelmed.  They microwaved the meat in a plastic bag and it tasted that way.  The bread was a bit stale and they put on hot sauce without asking me if I wanted it.  It wasn't so hot I couldn't eat it, just a spicier than I like it.  The open kitchen was very clean, so I wouldn't be against trying something else.  I would just avoid the meat all together and get a falafel instead.This place is near my office. They are so friendly! The food is cooked with love, it's incredibly healthy, and soooo delicious! I never want this place to go away so please go and eat there now :)The owner at this gem of a gyro place is literally the kindest soul EVER! I have my moments where I have a yummy meal at a particular establishment, and continue to eat there for 2 weeks straight. Yes, this happened at Falafel Hummus. The lamb gyro platter is delicious, with one my favorite things on the platter being the eggplant in a tomato sauce. The Turkish side salad that comes in their platter always hits the spot. I am also happy with any place that has dolmas (stuffed grape leaves), and from time to time I order just the dolmas when I'm in a vegetarian mood. The fresh squeezed juices and smoothies also kick ass! I do have to say that the food isn't as cheap as you would think would come from a mom & pop shop, but again, when I'm craving a Mediterranean flare in my diet I order in from Falafel Hummus!Falafel Hummus
Ordered On Mar 29 2014 at 3:47 PM
1  Gyro Sandwich  $ 7.99
1  Falafel and Hummus Platter  $ 7.99
Subtotal $15.98
Tax $1.40
Delivery Fee $1.50
Tip $1.50
TOTAL $20.38
It was an ok experience. The Gyro was really good. But Falafel and Hummus is in their name so I thought I'd get the platter as well. It was ok. It was fresh, but they only give you 4 little Falafel balls and it's just not 8 dollars worth of food in my opinion. So I spent 20 bucks and I was still hungry...This place is awesome.  I just went for the first time this past weekend, and I plan on going back as often as I can.  The owner was incredibly friendly and welcoming, and the food was delicious.  I highly recommend.I placed an order through grubhub and received the wrong item, I quickly called them back and explained to them that I had received the wrong item and (apparently) the manager told us that we owed them nothing else and to enjoy our food, I insisted on received what I ordered and he said that he would not do anything for us. I told him to call grubhub and have them send out another driver to redeliver (we live about a mile from the restaurant) he continued to speak over me and refused to listen to me mumbled something to me while I was talking and hung up. I called back, asked to speak to the manager when I was then told that I was speaking with him and had been speaking with him. He once again confirmed that he knew what our order was and that he would do nothing for me. I insisted that he call grubhub back because I know that they can redeliver if there is an issue with what is sent out. He continued to talk over me and not listen to me, he told me he would tell me whatever I wanted to hear so that I would hang up. Not to mention what did arrive was soggy and the smoothie was oddly warm? This manager does not respect his customers, refuses to fix mistakes and is entirely unprofessional.If you're looking for a true gyro, this is not the place to go. Seem nice but very slow. Heading to reading terminal to get my gyro fix.Really delicious food! My boyfriend took me here after months of him telling me how amazing the gyros are.. Not only was the food delicious, but the owner of the shop is a really friendly guy too. Will be back!So happy to find out this place relocated, they used to be on 2nd St. In No. Libs .  Always friendly service and delicious food.  Definitely grab a drink of the homemade mint lemonade.  Excellent chicken kebab, Mediterranean salad and falafel tonight.  We will be back again and again.Amazing little place in Fishtown.  Don't be confused by the "Ice Cream" sign still hanging up.  Owner is extremely friendly...and gyros are great.  Looking forward to having some hummus that I hear is amazing......and it is amazing!  Falafel sandwich with hummus is so flavorful and filling!  Then to top it off with some nice baklava.We stopped by here over the weekend to grab a quick falafel for lunch.  The space is rather small, with a few tables and some counter seating.  It took them a few weeks to put up a sign -- but now they are much easier to find - next to Milkcrate Cafe in the space that used to be occupied by some ice cream shop.  They give you the option to have your falafel with hummus or baba ganoush - I chose hummus, and requested hot sauce as well.  The falafel was served as a wrap on grilled pita bread - in addition to the falafel and hummus, there was also some tahini sauce, tomato cucumber salad, and chopped up pickles (or pickled vegetables, i couldn't tell..).  They went a bit light on the hot sauce, but I'll forgive them.  Overall the sandwich was delicious.  Service was a bit slow, but the food was made with care, so it's ok in my book.  A nice addition to the neighborhood.  I will return.TIL falafel can go stale. 
This is an okay place for what it is, hole in the wall falafel/hummus/random other foods place, but I realized about halfway through my falafel platter that this must have been either day old or made way earlier in the day and that they decided to get rid of it by dumping it on an unsuspecting Eat24 user. Should I victim-blame myself because I eat late lunches? No, this is yet another example of the mistreatment of digital natives which, though still unbeknownst to most people, is beginning to surface as a serious form of discrimination against what should be a protected identity group. I suppose it began when parents began culturally appropriating our much loved and well established traditions by joining social media and texting us at all hours of the day and night, and it's only culminated in a backlash against us and our device usage during every meal and all hours of the day and night. 
Certainly expectations should be commensurate with the average experience a restaurant can deliver and I even decided to go below that upon my first visit and still ended up disappointed.
But I will say this: the work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dream shall never die. My resolve is only strengthened and I will return. If i were to shun this place, then, as it is said, "they" would win. I will hold my head up high as I type my next order and hope for better.This place serves some of the best gyro sandwiches in Philadelphia. The meat was well seasoned, and the spicy sauce inside the sandwich allowed for a very flavorful sandwich. The hummus and Pita bread, and eventually Pita chips, were very flavorful as well. The biggest complaint was that the falafel, what they are named for, was very dry and there was not enough sauce. It was a very average sandwich. Overall, I would recommend this place for a great Gyro sandwich, but I'd head elsewhere for falafel.Awesome little place and very authentic. When I went there to eat, there was one older gentleman, probably the owner that was making all the food. You get the vibes its family run and feel like you're at home. Food was delicious too.Had a wonderful lunch here.  I decided to order something straightforward and basic: a falafel sandwich. It was the best falafel sandwich I've had in years.  I chose the carrot hummus with spicy sauce, and because I ate it there, the owner served it with a small pile of salad on a proper plate.  You can really feel and see the pride that is taken in this small and friendly restaurant.  The place was very, very clean, and the food was fresh.  Seating is limited but still perfect for a couple out for a quick, low cost meal.  Various juices and health shakes area available, and I chose a can of imported juice.  It was also easy to find street parking.  It was a perfect meal before walking over to Frankford Hall for a session of ping pong and pilsner!Wow! What secret gem. Stopped in here for lunch today for a fresh squeezed juice, turkish coffee, and a chicken kebab platter. The owner made me a beautiful complimentary plate of fresh hummus, salad, olives, roasted vegetables since it was my first time. The platter was delicious! It came with salad, pita bread, couscous, and roasted vegetables. I had enough leftover for another meal that I got wrapped up. The turkish coffee is a great way to start your day or get an afternoon pick me up. I'm excited to go back and try the baklava. Absolutely wonderful customer service.For long time we were thinking to try this place and never had a chance and it's so bad... This place perfect for take out! For the first time we got appetizers hummus and eggplant salad, and both were so tasty! I don't remember when the last time I tried this much tasty roasted eggplant, don't count what I cook. Later we will be back for chicken and beef kebab!Its a gem in Fishtown. A Mediterranean restaurant operated by an egyptian owner
the salad are very good and tasty. we ate the Mediterranean salad and Middle eastern salad. everything was very fresh and goodI was in the area for business and decided to get something to eat and don't normally choose middle eastern fare. The food was fabulous! I even talked to one of their customers who said they wish they could come more often. The owner is a very sweet man who gives great service as well. The place is very clean...highly recommended.I was looking for healthy vegan food and decided to try this place since it was on grub hub. I am shocked at how good the food tastes, and how authentic! I got a falafel sandwich with hummus and baba ganoush: it was huge, filling, fresh, and delicious. I also got a tropical smoothie which was so tasty and completely healthy (no added stuff). 
The store owner was so freaking nice, too! He called me to confirm my order since grub hub mysteriously cancelled it.Ordered a Grilled Chicken Kabob since I wanted some meat before trying the all veggie stuffed. Got to admit, the vegetables were the best part. They tasted so fresh and delicious. This would be perfect for a light meal on a beach. No grease or bad aftertastes, just simply light, delicious, and fresh. The owner was really nice even though it was the online website that messed up my order.
I'm not even a big veggie person, but this is probably the best wrap I ever had and the healthiest one to boot, too. Definitely coming back to try some other things like the hummus and the falafel. I really want to hit up the juice bar as well. 
Something about the the meal and atmosphere of the place itself left me feeling refreshed and my stomach happy.Problem: starving, no desire to wear an outfit that meets socially acceptable guidelines, craving something substantially filling yet relatively healthy. (Oh, and won't break the bank before payday)
Solution: Falafel Hummus & Juice Bar. 
That hummus doe. Creamy and smooth with just the right hint of lemon. The pita is fresh and thin. I literally just order this for dinner sometimes. You can get your store bought Sabra on sale but nothing beats the real deal with a homemade touch (and let's be honest, not even my homemade hummus touches this level deliciousness). Plus, insider secret: they place raw veggies under the hummus in the to-go container! 
The Mediterranean Sampler platter is usually my go-to. But I love their falafels (again, mine are sadly dog food compared to here), so the hearty Falafel platter (4 falafels, Greek salad and I get basmati rice to boot, comes with a small serving of hummus and pita) is pretty much a monthly staple for me.
The falafel wrap can get a little messy for takeout -- usually it's a little more on the soggy side by the time I get it home (extra tahini for the win!). It might be better eaten immediately there. As other Yelpers mentioned, it's tiny inside. 3 or 4 tables and in the spring/summer a seat or two outside. And because it's a smaller operation when they're busy cooking, it can get warm inside. 
Nothing beats fresh, healthy, hearty food in the comfort of your own home sans pants.Absolutely, positively the Best Turkish Coffee in Northern Liberties. I've been looking for a place in this neighborhood where I can sit outside and sip on a great Turkish Coffee Boost. Amr the owner brought out the coffee the way I like in an Arabian Self Pouring Coffee Pot on a dish with small cup. I could taste that the Falafel and the Humus were done fresh in-house, I'm glad I stopped to try it out, I will definitely be back. Shukran AmrOk so I was craving the fuuu out for some falafel and hummus. Walked in here on a whim hoping for some delicious Mediterranean, and that's exactly what I got. Hummus and veggies, salad, falafel, rice, pita, tahini all for $8. I'm absolutely stuffed, and excited that I live so close by. What really made this place 5 stars was the sweet man behind the counter. He made sure I was happy with his creation before he wrapped it up and sent me on my way. I just wanna hang out with that man. So nice! Go here. Thanks.Disgusting slop is what we received after an order. We ordered Lamb Gyro sandwich and falafel- The gyro meat is frozen and the sandwich was mush when it arrived, could not even be picked up and NOT even real it was  pre-formed then shredded, and the falafel balls are pre-formed meaning they were frozen and not prepared fresh. Grub hub called the restaurant and they wouldn't even offer a refund. This place is atrocious.  Im designating my profile photo just for the principal.At last, a great place in the neighborhood to get great falafel and middle eastern food! Also, they do fresh pressed juices and smoothies, which is otherwise impossible to find in Fishtown.This was a lovely little hole in the wall find! And I really do mean a hole in the wall. It's very tiny, two tables, one seats 4 while the other seats 2, but it's still very nice. I can see that it may be better for takeout rather than sitting in. My friend and I tried the lamb gyro, an assortment of the appetizers and two of the smoothies. All of it was delicious! Very fresh and yummy! Would definitely order from here again. Was very filling, but you still felt good even after the large meal because there were so many fresh vegetables. There is just 1 person running the place/cooking, so if you are sitting there may be a wee bit of a wait, but not unreasonable. The gentleman was very sweet and kind to me and my friend. :-DThe owner is very friendly and welcoming and always helps customers search and navigate the menu. The inside is very tiny but do not let that discourage you from tasting the food. Great to have a different diverse cuisine like falafel hummus in the city.Great food with super friendly service!  Great place to get smoothies or juice.  Nowhere else around!Truly authentic middle eastern food in Fishtown. I drove up from Fairmount to grab lunch and it was worth it. The vegetarian mediteranean platter has everything if you can't decide on one thing, plus included a serious helping of warm pita bread. I could've done without the olives, but that's on me for not asking for no olives. The falafel balls were great, the hummus was delicious, and the stuffed grave leaves were great.
I got a fruit smoothie as well, and while it was a little on the small side (~12 oz.) it definitely tasted fresh.Delicious!  Get stuffed grape leaves, falafel sandwich, and the vegetarian Mediterranean platter.  Prices are great, food is fresh, and service like you're right at home.Had the lamb gyro the other night on a whim- it was both delicious and reasonably priced.  This is not your run of the mill Halal cart Gyro; the lamb and the topping are fresh, delicately seasoned and served wrapped in a perfectly proportioned pita.
This place is a neighborhood gem, and the owner is a great guy who clearly takes pride in his food!Decided to check this place out yesterday and was presently surprised. I was pretty close to skipping over the place as they didn't answer their phone (11am Sunday) and their door was locked when I arrived -- even though their website says they're open. Despite all that the owner assured he'd be happy to make my order but that it might take a bit as he was running behind. I ordered the Mediterranean platter, falafel sandwich, and a small greek salad and waited for a good 15 minutes or so. All three were absolutely top-notch.  I'll certainly order from here again. Hopefully next time things will be a bit more settled.Small restaurant but very cute. Owner and his wife work and cook food. 
Homemade Mint ice tea is delicious and refreshing. 
Chicken kabab - the salad was fresh. The chicken was white meat and could be improved with more seasoning. 
Falafel and hummus -  good but I've had falafel that are bigger with more texture and flavor. These may be more authentic.
Healthy tasty food and very affordable.I'm so glad I finally stopped here! I came here during off hours (around 2 pm on a week day) because I was hungry for falafel and grape leaves. My eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach when I ordered and I ended up getting the Mediterranean vegetarian platter. It comes with falafel, grape leaves, and your choice of a few mixed salads (tabouli, etc) as well as baba ghanoush or hummus with pita. It came dressed with marinated peppers, olives, feta, and some baby carrots and cherry tomatoes. Everything tasted very fresh and seasoned well with herbs and lemon. It will definitely last me at least 2 meals and was under $12 - amazing! The man working there was the sweetest and most polite guy. He guided me through the ordering options and seemed genuinely interested in making sure I knew what I was ordering and got what I wanted. It's clear he takes pride in the restaurant, after I ordered (ordered it to-go) I sat down to wait and he brought the container over to me with a huge smile to show it off before he closed it and packaged everything up. I thought that was an adorable touch! Looking forward to my next experience here.Orer was + 1 hr late. The reason was that they sent my order somewhere else. The driver though and the person who I spoke to did they best to make me happy, got me a free soda as well, even beside the fact that I don't drink soda. Very nice of them and most likely saved them from getting 2 stars. 
Food, I loved the olives and feta cheese.  The chicken kebab platter was not as expected. Well chicken was teriyaki (I was expecting normal, might have been my mistake though for not reading it right). Vegetables were not high quality. Cherry tomato just exploded and spilled all over me :D .
Anyway, Im pretty sure that Ill order again, and this time I hope to be fully satisfied.Great Mediterranean style food I had the Chicken Kabobs which were very well spiced and came with lots of delicious sides as well as an order of falafel which was very good and not too deep fried. Coming back for more!This establishment is homey and inviting.  The lamb gyro was different than what I am used to (...more herby), but was totally delicious in its own right.  The side salads were nice added features, and so fresh.  Filling and tasty, but still a healthy meal.  I also had the "pink lady" smoothie, which was a perfect silky texture and majorly tasty.  I really enjoyed my experience here, and I should go more often.  Others I came with were in agreement about the experience.
Lots of fresh herbs and spices.I work in the neighborhood and frequent this place at least once per week. I can't say enough good things about this place. The food is absolutely amazing and the business owner is everything you could ask for.
Without a doubt Falafel Hummus & Juice Bar is by far the best Falafel spot in the city. I always get the Lamb Gyro (w/ extra hot sauce & along with some Feta).
The owner is one of the most friendly people that I have ever met in this city. He goes above and beyond to ensure that all of his customers are satisfied with what they order.
I can't say enough good things about this place. The food is reasonable priced and amazing. I would highly recommend giving this place a shot as the food is authentic, healthy and extremely tasty. The fact that I eat here up to 3 times per week speaks magnitudes!The owner was very nice and caring towards us, even gave my friends and I some complimentary hummus. He told me to tell others about this gem, and since I'm from center city it was hard to go back there again, but I definitely will bring friends along when I'm back in that area .First time ordering take out from here because we needed something quick and relatively healthy. Ordered the green salad, chicken ceasar salad, and two smoothies. Both salads were excellent and the chicken was juicy with a bit of a kick. Definitely will return oh and +1 for the owner giving us a baklava for having to wait an extra 2 minutes :)This place is so so so amazing!
I came in for a lunch to go, but ultimately stayed to hang out because the owner and his (daughter?) chef/assistant were so kind and friendly. When he saw that I was staying, he brought me some candies and then she brought over some freshly made hummus which was out of this wold! I had the falafel and dolma salad with tzatziki. The fresh mint and everything was incredible! Delicious, fresh, homemade. My fiance and I are so excited about this place we are hoping to get them to cater our rehearsal dinner! In fact, we stopped in to get dinner yesterday, but the owners were closing early for a holiday, and gave us baclava on the house just for coming by. We will certainly be back! Can't say enough good things about the service or food.Got the Mediterranean platter ordered via grubhub. The food is delicious but I paid for extra pita (not a big deal, only .35) and got none at all. A little disappointed but would still highly recommendI don't usually give terrible reviews, but this was the worst Mediterranean food I've ever had. I ordered delivery through Eat 24. The chicken kabobs were soo dry and flavorless. The sauce it came with was too sour. The falafel looked and tasted like it was frozen and microwaved. In fact everything had the feel of last night's leftovers.  Nothing really positive to say. Very disappointed.This place is a little gem that is easy to walk by, but don't! The man who works there (owns it?) is lovely. Under his recommendation, my friend and I got the vegetarian platter with hummus and an appetizer of baba ganoush to go and had more than enough to go around. Everything was fresh and tasty. The pita was a little hard, but good enough!Don't miss this place!
A few months ago, we had some vegetarian friends visiting and were looking for a place to try. I had driven by Falafel Hummus a bunch of times so we decided to go for it. And since then, we've been back every few weeks. 
Today, my boyfriend and I got lunch there again, and it was excellent as usual. We always get the chicken gyros, and they're perfectly seasoned and fresh. We occasionally get hummus as well, and it's creamy and served with veggie sticks and pita bread - some of the best I've had. 
But the thing that makes this place extra special is the owner. He is kind and sweet, and is always accommodating. Walking into Falafel Hummus feels like walking into the home of a good friend. If there's something you aren't happy with, he will always make it right. 
Get yourself over there if you're in the neighborhood, and enjoy!Extremely happy to have just found my friend from the previous 2nd St location!  I missed this great food!   Fresh and delicious, this menu of Mediterranean specialties will not disappoint, so tasty.  The food looks and tastes phenomenal, made by people who really work hard to give you the best tasting meal possible and genuinely care about their customers .  Homemade drinks galore, from fresh juices and mint lemonade to smoothies or Turkish coffee.  The falafel was on point-- the $5 appetizer plate is a perfect sidecar to a gyro or platter and basically a must order.  He even has a few Italian dishes on the menu if someone in the group is a scared of falafel and hummus for some reason (they will be eating yours in no time once they see it).  A few tables inside and one outside, comfortable and chill if a bit small.  Great cheap takeout or quick bite on Girard-go!This place is excellent. The food is great, really fresh-really reasonably priced. We ordered two huge sandwiches, a salad to split and got two canned fruit juices and a big bottle of water for $22.  I'm 9 months pregnant and could barely finish my lamb gyro, the thing was huge.  But, I did finish it because it was so delicious (and because I'm  9 months pregnant) 
The best part of our trip was the incredibly friendly owner. The service was great and it's rare to be treated THAT NICELY by someone. While I was waiting for our order to come up he stopped by the table I was sitting at to give me a pita and some hummus, with a little bit of their roasted vegetables as a snack while I waited.   So seriously nice, like this guy has a customer for life.Let me begin by saying I NEVER write reviews because pretty much it has usually all been said before. and I am a mom. I have no time for such things. But the lamb gyro and hummus/pita comb my son I just ate changed my life.  My son (2) ate the hummus by the spoonful and ate the "spicy meat" too! My first bite of the gyro had so many fresh and delicious flavors I will fail to adequately describe them- mint, red pepper it was all there and then some. And may I also add that the family that runs this place is genuine and humble. They seem like kind people who care about what goes into their food. Good customer service goes a long way. You make Fishtown a better place.This place is absolutely amazing. The guy who owns it and cooks it from Egypt and I used to live in Egypt and the food is so authentic it made me feel like I was back in Cairo. The ingredients are very fresh and quality and the food tastes amazing. The falafel is so good but the chicken kabob platter is to die for.So thankful and happy that there is a good place, with fresh green food and drink made with whole ingredients.  
Today I ordered for the first time. THey delivered in around 30-40 minutes. 
Firs the good... and there's a lot of it!
Freshly Squeezed Juice: 
The Apple Carrot Beet Juice, was perfect. Clearly no added sugars, but nice and naturally sweet. Perfectly juiced. I'm a little under the weather today and it was an instant pick me up! 
 Food: I ordered the Mediterranian sampler appitzer for lunch. 
1. Veggies were cripsy and fresh. 
2. The Tabouli... perfect. I often feel that mediterrian places mess up Tabouli (I've lived in Isreal) they nailed it. 
3. The babga ganouj was smokey and lightly sweet, nicely rich.
4.  The olives were chewy and delicious (not overly firm, not past their prime, just right!). 
5. Hummus delish! 
6. Grape Leaves - Marinated well, but not too soggy, just right. Excellent spicing. 
The only reasons I'd give this place 4 stars instead of 5 are:
1. Generic Pita
2. Falafels were dry and cold. This could be because of delivery... I'm assuming their excellent in the store. 
THank you for Falafel and Hummus & Juice Bar!This mom and pop restaurant is an absolute GEM.  The restaurant itself is very small, and seating is limited, but do not let that deter you!  
First off, the food is fresh and delicious. I lived in NYC (the land of falafel), and the falafel sandwich that I had here (get the spicy sauce!) was the best that I've ever had.  The side salad was fresh and delicious, and the owner kept bringing all kinds of various flavors of homemade hummus to my table for me to try. 
Secondly, you cannot beat the kindness of the owner and his wife.  They pour love into their food, and it shows.  As mentioned above, he kept bringing different things for me to try, and they were not small portions either!  I also ordered a mint tea, and as it was so tasty, ordered a 2nd, which he tried to not let me pay for.
In short, this is a local restaurant that truly deserves your business.  Go! Now!This was a delivery so I am sure the food is better when you eat it there.
My husbands sandwich (grilled chicken kabob) was very messy and very plain. My falafel was dry and also very plain. 
Our experience was so-so. The deliver was on time and simple!I am very happy that there is *finally* a place I can go in my neighborhood that makes fresh juices on the premises, to order.  I consume fresh juices daily, and while I usually make them at home, it's nice to be able to enjoy one when going out.  I ordered one of the veggie juices and it was delicious, as he added some apple to sweeten things up.
I also ordered a vegetarian platter, which was very fresh, but lacking in flavor.  I spoke with the owner about this and he said that he will work on that, so perhaps when you go there, you won't have that problem.  The other displeasure I have with this place is that he uses a microwave oven. :(
I don't even use a microwave oven at home, as I do not like to eat food with diminished flavor and nutrients.  I wish he would use more traditional methods of preparing/heating foods.  The owner is super nice and accommodating though, so I will bring up that issue with him the next time I go.  So actually, this is a 4.5 star review, and as I said before, I am excited to have a fresh juice purveyor within walking distance of my dwelling. I was raised on fresh juices, so I really feel at home when discovering these types of eateries or juice bars.   OH, and what I mean by fresh juices, is actual masticated fruit and veggie juices, not smoothies.  (although, he does also make smoothies)This place just opened 4 days ago!  It is a welcome restaurant to the Fishtown neighborhood.  The food is Mediterranean and it is all fresh and homemade.  I had the chicken kabob platter that had a salad and cous cous.  It was well seasoned, fresh and tasty.  The quantity is decent and the menu has variety and is reasonably priced.  They also have baklava, which I bought to take home.  They offer eat in, take out and delivery.  
BernieThis place is a neighborhood gem - healthy and delicious, reasonable prices and the owner and employees are so nice. Their juice is fresh and homemade and won't break the bank (cough cough Towners and Front Street Cafe).Oh how my mouth watered for a Falafel sandwich and a smoothie, but I didn't get that far. The person I spoke with on the phone was super rude, very impatient, and changed the price on one of my orders. First he said $2.75 for chips n hummus and then changed the price to $4.99. Sneaky... I end up canceling the order and before I could finish my statement the person hung up on me. All this restaurant gets from me is a bad review!I just tried this place last night when I wanted good takeout on a rainy day, but wanted something healthier and not heavy.  
I ordered the chicken gyro and the vegetarian sampler and i loved both.  The food was authentic and fresh and home cooked.  The falafels are grilled instead of fried, and they are so well seasoned and moist and yummy.  the hummus is creamy and good! the grape leaves are the best i've tried in philly.
The owner is so nice and hardworking! he threw in free baklava and pastries.  can't rave about this place enough! 
We needed some middle eastern food in this area, and I'm so happy we got this placeJust had to-go dinner and it was awesome. We have a chicken gyro and lamb gyro. Wonderful! Hummus was the best I have ever had!!!Ordered from here last Friday night. The hours on the Yelp page are wrong. It says it closes as 9, but we called and they were still open and still accepting orders. We wouldn't have known if we wouldn't have called. The man who answered the phone (the owner I suppose) was very friendly and mentioned if they are busy they stay open. 
The food was very fresh we ordered the Mediterranean appetizer. It came with a big portion of hummus, israeli salad, stuffed grape leaves and pita. Our order was ready quickly and the store called when it was all done and ready to be picked up. I really wish one of their platter options was grilled eggplant. 
The store front is a little deceiving and I wouldn't necessarily walk in from the street without knowing what people thought of the place. The only reason I decided to order from here was because of the high yelp rating. Because I live in the area and healthy options are hard to come by I will probably order from here again.Just got awful food poisoning from here last night. I don't know if it was me having some sort of allergic reaction or something, but I think I'm gonna stay away from this place for awhile. That said, my wrap was tasty. It took a bit too long to make, but I enjoyed it.Food was by no means bad but prep time was very long and I was the only person in the place. God only knows what would be if they get busy. My sandwich was good but it took 15 minutes to make. I got a smoothie and they didn't peel the kiwi. It was horrible.Really happy they've opened as it's a needed food in the neighborhood. I echo the other comment that the chicken kebab was banging. Falafel platter was pretty good too. Not huge portions but good and really kind and excited family ownership. Hummus and pita appetizer is classic. All around, not a destination just yet but a really solid start and important for Girard Ave!My friend and I stumbled upon this place after we went to the art machine tattoo parlor.  It looked rather small, but we really wanted greek food.  Best choice ever.  The food was delicious, a good price, and the kitchen staff was super friendly!  Definitely going to go there again (:This is arguably the freshest food I've ever had at a restaurant . It's so good, I usually drink the salad juice/dressing after I'm finished. Hands down my favorite takeout. The owner respects his customers and is super dedicated. 
The veg med platter and the med sampler are my goto. I hate to use evangelical platitudes like organic and superfood. If you ask most people who know anything about food they will agree that Mediterranean cultures have been doing "organic" and "superfood" since the beginning of their civilization. Nothing is new under the sun, son. 
This food flat out makes me feel great. If anyone has other recommendations, lmk. I haven't found a place that can compete in philly.This place is the best!  I think it is the same owners as Green Olives that was on 2nd st. by the piazza. The food was great then, but I think its even better now.  I love the falafel sandwich.  I also really enjoy their fresh juices!I ordered the chicken gyro for pick up and everything was ice cold including the chicken. It was a very sad day for me because I was very hungry and wanted this kind of foods.Worst lamb gyro I have ever had. The hummus and olives with feta I ordered were all great but was highly disappointed with the main portion of my meal, I couldn't even force half of it down. 
On the plus side, delivery via grubhub was much quicker than expected. It was estimated an hour and I received it in 30 minutes. Unfortunately, when I plan on spending $30 for a meal I'd rather have edible food take longer than a disgusting dish in half the time. 
Although I prefer to support small businesses, I will not be returning to this restaurant in the future.Popped in a couple nights ago - I was so excited to see a place like this open up on East Girard and I wasn't disappointed in the least. My partner and I ordered an order of grape leaves and a lamb gyro to split - both excellent: fresh tasting, nice portions, and excellent tazaki (which tends to be the litmus test by which we judge such restaurants). 
The owners were incredibly kind and when we complimented their new restaurant and our dinner, the owner asked us to please tell just one person about the place. Hopefully more than one person will be swayed to pop in and welcome them to the neighborhood.Our order took two hours to arrive and the smoothie was completely melted. I'm not sure how the salad would be if consumed in a reasonable amount of time, but based on how it was when I ate it it's probably not very good.A very nice place for middle eastern/Mediterranean platters. The owner is a very nice man who genuinely cares about his business and customer satisfaction and comfort. Everything I've ordered there was fresh and prepared to order. The "three on one" juice is fantastic and freshly pressed to order, as well as the falafel Mediterranean platter. I'd eat here again.Friendly good owner and welcoming environment the restaurant seats around 10-12. This is a small cozy spot with great food. I ordered the chicken kabob and smoothie. The hummus was amazing!This place has the most delicious smoothies! Their food is fresh and fantastic and the customer service is out of this world. The man who is always there is so friendly and sweet and this is my go to place to get my smoothie fix! Highly recommended!I love this place!!  Not sure if anyone remembers the take out place "Green Olives" that was on 2nd street by the Piazza, but this is the same guy who made the food there!  I used to go to Green Olives all the time and was so disappointed when they closed!  Then, one day, I was walking down Girard Ave and saw this place.  I went in to check it out and recognized the chef.  He's the greatest!  Still don't know his name but he is extremely nice and appears to really enjoy his job :)
The food is everything I came to expect from their last place.  I usually get the falafel hummus sandwich.  It's pretty filling and not too expensive for what you get.  I will certainly be going back there a lot!  Def would recommend to all!