My fiance, 5 month old son, and I visited here a couple nights ago for dinner. The weather was beautiful so we opted to sit outside. They easily accommodated my son with an upside down highchair for his carseat carrier.
Service was pretty great. We had two different gentlemen attending to us for our drinks and food, and they frequently checked in to make sure we didn't need anything else. 
I had the smoked gouda & bacon mac n cheese (super creamy), a half size strawberry & goat cheese salad (good, but I longed for a more flavorful dressing aside from oil/vin), and we split the fried pickles. The tabasco mayo dip had nice flavor, but the coating on the pickles didn't get as crispy as I would've liked. My fiance had the taproom burger with a side salad and he said that was delicious. 
My biggest complaint -- the posted draft list didn't have the prices, so when our bill came, my fiance was a little shocked that his 2 glasses of beer costed $20. Had he known each was $10, he would have switched it up on round two. 
Tip: If you want a delicious refreshing summer cocktail, I loved the georgia mule!Place is a solid place to visit once a month or so. Food is either amazing or mediocre. I particularly like the smoked breaded Gouda- it's basically the best cheese stick in existence. It is a bit pricey for what it is, and they don't split checks which is irritating. Seriously, how hard is that to do?  Still a good spot just a little too douchey to go more than once every other week or so.Love, love, love Falls Taproom! It is by far our favorite place in East Falls!!! The beer bottle selection is huge and they usually have great options on tap. The burgers are perfect... the best I've had around Philly. Juicy, big, and wonderfully seasoned. The service has always been great when we go, very attentive. Nice atmosphere where you can sit and grab a quick beer or post yourself up for the night for a good dinner and drinks.This place is great! Food is great and they have a great beer selection and the whiskey bar upstairs is great.Great food, great local beer, great music (live and on the stereo) the staff acts like real people rather than that "fake nice" thing so many restaurants insist on. The best all around neighborhood bar in East Falls and we're lucky to have it.Great spot -- exposed brick, wooden rafters, TVs with football on!  Had a 15% ABV Bourbon barrel beer in a tulip glass.  Heaven.  Small joint ... bar not that big and not too many tables, but looked like there is an upstairs to this place, which could open things up a bit.  Would definitely go back!I live in the neighborhood and was really grateful that Falls Taproom opened up. Buckets wasn't my thing and that Fork and Barrel was nice but way too overpriced for East Falls. 
Shortly and sweetly: Falls Taproom has great beer and tasty and reasonably priced food-love the mac and cheese and pierogies.  The staff is great, friendly and knowledgeable. The bar itself feels great upstairs and down.
I think it'd be really great, not just for me, but for the bar, the staff and all of the other patrons, if they hired one or two more people per shift. Honestly, there hasn't been a time that I haven't waited to the point that I hadn't felt frustrated or thought about leaving, but I know now it's all worth the wait-they just get too busy. And that's great! But I've heard it said enough and experienced it enough to know it's a common problem and would change my rating from a 4 to 5 star if it happened.
(and maybe one more green menu item that didn't necessarily involve bread, cheese or noodles?)
Keep up the great work and I hope you stick around for a loooong time!Terrific beer selection and excellent cocktails!  We came for a quick bite and we were all thoroughly pleased with our choices.  Looking forward to going back!In from Cleveland and happened on this little spot! My husband and I split the charred Brussels sprouts with seitan bacon and the seitan buffalo wings! Sooo good! I had a Flying Dog Fever Dream IPA  and my husband had the Neshaminy County Line IPA that were both on tap and delicious!!! Jessica waited on us and was super friendly!!!Good grub. Cool rustic decor. Phillies on the tube with jazz band about to start.  service a bit slow but we came in with a rush of people... Excusable on a first visit..My friend and I came over after an event across the street.  Around 10ish.  The restaurant is very dark, and I had to use my table candle to read the menu.  My friend had the hummus platter which was very good.  I think she asked them to warm the pita, but I'm not sure.  Came with one kind of hummus and black and green olives.  Hummus was excellent, but how about a second kind of hummus instead of olives?
I ordered mussels in a red sauce.  They were good and the sauce was very nice.  I had to request bread twice from the server, as did my friend have to make a request twice about her drink order.  There were four tables and two waiters.  Come on, really?  I like dunking bread in a good mussel sauce, but after a bit, it got very, very salty.  The waiter brought a cool carafe of water to the table and pretty much forgot about us, unless speaking directly to us, in which case, he was very professional.
I'll admit that I saw this bar/restaurant on a recent very recent restaurant undercover tv show.  But I live only 10 minutes away, so didn't go out of my way to find fault.  It wasn't about the food, but the owners obnoxious girlfriend and buddy. 
They really need to insulate or get a better front window.  We had to move because it was so cold, and so did 2 other couples.  This place could use some electric heaters near the front in lieu of a fireplace.  I would go back, although in warmer weather.
B for Food, D for Service, F- for Mood Lightingrecent discovery. 10 minute drive from our house and the food is so much better than their sister restaurant - that is literally across the street from our apartment. seriously: the same menu items are prepared much better at this location. the seitan wings! mushroom poutine fries! earlier today i went healthy and was BLOWN AWAY with how good the "cornbread kale salad" is. that salad inspired this review. it is beyond satisfying.  the dressing nails it (an orange poppy seed vinaigrette) and the cornbread croutons really make the raw kale incredibly delicious. i normally like my kale juiced or cooked like collard greens. did i mention that the beer selection is nicer here too? the service is good but the staff personality is better. they are definitely not "over" staffed... but the wait is never long; i would never consider it under staffed.  my only complaint: their bloody mary is not good at all. i noticed that another bar patron also left a full bloody mary. (i actually heard him say "i could drink this but i wouldn't enjoy it"). i couldn't give mine away (at 80% full) to anyone at our table who tasted it. good news: every beer i have ever had here (draft/bottle/can)  has been wonderful. rumor is a 3rd location may be in the works in 19118.Great food with a fantastic beer selection.  My wife and I had dinner at Falls on a  warm Friday night in July.  When we arrived there was a 10-15 minute wait but we managed to find two seats at the bar fairly quickly.  The first floor of the restaurant Is small but not cramped and the bar is off to the left side of the building.  
We shared the mussels for our appetizer and I had the Bison burger for dinner.  Both the mussels and burger were fantastic.  The only negative thing was that it was very hot inside.  We will be back!This place is fine if you have no dietary restrictions and don't mind mediocre service, but if you're expecting more, go somewhere else.  I live super close to this place, so I give it the benefit of the doubt and go back every six months or so, and it always disappoints.  I do not eat meat, and during one of my visits, I ordered a salad off the vegetarian side of the menu.  I started eating the salad, and after my first bite, realized that it had real bacon on it.  It turns out that they had two versions of the salad, one on the regular side of the menu with bacon and one on the veggie side with tempeh bacon, both with the same name, and having only read the vegetarian side of the menu, I had no idea.  This was the first time I had eaten meat in over twelve years.  I did not go back for some time after this for obvious reasons.
Last night, we had no food in the house, so we went over for dinner.  I ordered the roasted cauliflower and a cup of chili.  There was only one server for the whole place, so it took a while for the food to come out, but when it did, the chili was nowhere to be seen.  They had run out, but no one had told me.  I wasn't up for waiting another extended period of time to order something else, so I left hungry.  This place is not run well.  It's always understaffed, and I've never seen the same person working there twice.  The waiter we had yesterday was perfectly nice and seemed upset that no one had informed me of the chili situation; he didn't do anything wrong.  This type of situation seems to be the norm at this restaurant because they don't have enough people working there.  It's like the management doesn't care about the customer's experience because they know there aren't a ton of options in the immediate area.This went from an OK Buckets to an Super excellent Falls Taproom! Erica and co. have done wonders from making a place that was empty even on New Year's Eve to a super packed place. Unique beers, excellent food(I've only had the burger and flank steak sandwich, but that's enough to tell me the quality) and an excellent house band!! Earthbound Circus!! 
Not to mention the servers(including Erica herself) are very friendly, sociable and to deliver food and brew in a timely manner no matter how busy things gets and how packed the place is.
I almost never went to Buckets, but with Falls Taproom, I am a regular now.Great beer selection, decent prices, very good food, interesting crowd + not a lot else open within immediate area makes this a great stop. A little small inside so not good for real big groups but definitely worth a stop if your in the area. If you were disappointed about Fork & Barrel closing stopping in here will make you feel a lot better!BEST TURKEY BURGERS IN PHILLY!!! Also they have a great beer selection both in bottles and draft that are reasonably priced.  We will definitely go here again!!!Great food! Great Burgers. Salads. Fries. Night draught beer selection. Very cool and friendly people. Highly recommend for a nice mid-priced meal or place to meet/bring friends for a beer. I also like the warm tavern-like atmosphere.Ordered last week for take out...amazing lobster mac n cheese!
Great spot indeed..Food takes forever and mice were running around the dining room.I liked this place, upon first entering.  Then I went there a few more times and decided that it's a college hangout with sub-par service and cleanliness.   But a great place to watch the Phillies and hang out and talk shop. 
Then I hit it up again, a couple times recently and I am a fan again. I had some kick-ass fish tacos, and they make a beautiful burger, too. The sweet potato fries could be a bit crispier but good nonetheless. 
Nice selection of craft beers on tap and a decent selection of bottled rarities. I really enjoyed the open-air seating and terrace. A little on the tighter side but not uncomfortable.  I haven't been upstairs but it seems like a good option for another time - pretty sure it's kinda new. I like how this section of East Falls has gotten a facelift, too, recently. It's a great place to eat, chill and people watch . . . And still a great place to hang out and watch the Phils.Falls Taproom gets top grades in service and beer selection. Our servers were awesome. On point, there when we needed them, friendly, funny, cool.
Their bottle list is impressive. There are similar around town, but this is the kind of bottle list I like to see. Check it out on their website, a rather fine mix indeed. If service and beers were an A+, menu and food was an A. 
The menu seems basic at a glance, but you can truly order a melange of tasty and inventive apps, burgers and sandwiches. They take simple food items, make it in three or four different varieties and give them their own section on the menu. 
For example, pierogies: 
- Rosemary garlic potato, fontina
- Potato, sauteed spinach, fontina
- Steak, caramelized onion, cheddar
Mac and cheese:
- Smoked gouda & bacon
- Cheddar
- Jalapeno cheddar
- Lobster
See what they did there? Very cool. They also offer garlic parmesan wings. Yum! Smoked gouda triangles were awesome too.
The serving sizes are ample. You will not leave disappointed. 
Let's talk about the lobster mac and cheese. I personally didn't think it was a mind-blowing dish. It's a large bowl of pasta with a few chucks of lobster meat mixed in. I think it's a touch on the bland side, it definitely needs a nice dose of salt and pepper. I wouldn't turn it down, it would serve you well if you're very hungry. I would get it again...it just wasn't out of this world. 
The burgers were the big surprise of the evening. They exceeded expectations all around. Nice job. 
I'm assuming it's relatively new (first review - March 2011?) but it's not like the place was gutted and a team of contractors re-did it. It still bears the weathering and scars from its former incarnations & days of old. That's not to say it's a dump, it's just not polished, shiny and new like some of the other newer gastropubs sprouting up around town. 
There can be a certain charm in this. 
I think it's a great environment for those who are just learning about and trying "good" beer for the first time. It reminds me of the watering hole in college where I was first trained in the ways of beer. It's a tremendous asset to have if you live nearby. 
A word to the wise: if you're coming from town, taking Ridge Ave. all the way up isn't going to be for everyone. Take Kelly Drive instead. 
However you get there, Falls Taproom is definitely worth checking out.The Falls Taproom is an excellent spot to stop for the cyclists on the way back from a long ride, craving a cold one before returning to the city proper. 
Great draught selections and great appetizers, fresh and at a reasonable price.
The MUST TRY - smoked gouda triangles: deep fried cheese triangles beer-battered and panko crusted, served with a side of tangy marinara. Delicious and not as heavy as you'd think!
Another great, refreshing option is the Mediterranean plate. Daily house-made hummus served with flame-kissed roasted red peppers, a selection of olives, goat cheese and warm pita bread. It's a sure winner!This place has a freaking awesome beer selection.  Not TOO many drafts, but tons of interesting bottles.  The food is way better than any average pub food you'd get elsewhere (really creative choices for vegetarian food too. Not just the usual "garden burger" type stuff) and the crowd is mixed from 20 somethings to 30 somethings, hipsters, non-hipsters, young professionals, non-young professionals, you name it;)
I've loved the music selection each time too. Excellent choices and the volume is just right. 
Parking will make you want to die, but it's totally worth the hassle.One more update and the last one.  Falls Taproom is back and better than ever.  Their menu is killer right now, too.  Lamb burger? Yes.  Fried seitan?  Now I don't have to venture all the way to northern liberties.  Count me in.  Not sure what happened for a few months but it's back to the great little spot it used to be.  I take everyone here for a great dinner and some good beer.  Their bottle list is huge.First time here. Nice menu options including vegetarian. Had a pretty bad buttermilk fried chicken and corn bread entree...at the suggestion of the server. The chicken was over fried and dried out. Strange since the parts served were darker meat parts. Good german bear pilsner and organic cider. Will update if I give it another try.I had the blue cheese burger (special) and it destroys the good dog burger. Curry aioli sauce with sweet potato fries was sublime. And I am not a curry fan in the slightest. Do yourself a favor and come out here. 
Oh yeah, the menu is updated constantly. Easily my favorite place to eat. Very happy I live within walking distance of itFood is 4.5 stars.  Service is barely a fourth of a star.  I'm not sure if I am a masochist, but my buddy and I come in there at least once every couple weeks just to see if the service has improved.  It hasn't.  We are always greeted upon our arrival and most of the time we are served our first drink within 5 minutes.  It's at this point that it all falls apart.  If we get a food order in the next 10 minutes without flagging down our server (even if we sit at the bar) it takes a minimum of 30 minutes to get the food.  Granted, the food is fantastic.  But by then we had already drank our beers and waters and are just tired of sitting there.  We both agree that we really want to like this place.  It's got awesome decor, good beers, and amazing food.  The service is downright AWEFUL, which makes it harder to come back.  A recent issue with the Taproom is the AC is not working properly.  So, if you have about 3 hours to kill, would like one beer and some amazing food, and would like to sweat like a pig, I definitely recommended the Falls Taproom.  See you again in a couple of weeks!We met up with a friend last night, Saturday, January 5th, at the Taproom, and it was an awesome experience.  Erica and the rest of the staff were super helpful, really friendly, and the food was on POINT!  I had the turkey burger and sweet potato fries and numerous ESAs (feeling them today).  You guys just keep getting better!Great beers, great vibe, great food, great deals.
I can't wait to come back for Wednesday quiz night and 1/2 off beef burger Sunday!Interesting beer selection. 
Tuesday is open mic night. They have local artists and musicians. 
It's a nice find in EF. Service is good. 
Street parking.Love the vibe! New manager has taken over and turned this place around. Good crowd, awesome beer list and yummy food.Great selections of craft beer and sophisticated selection of bourbon! Relaxing atmosphere where you can enjoy a conversation with friends not having to worry about talking over a loud TV! :DGreat food, and the menu is always being adjusted/improved.  As an avid beer drinker, this place has become a dream for me.  16 beers on draft downstairs, 2 being nitro.  You won't find miller lite as one of them.  There are always a couple IPAs on there as well.  There is a special everyday.  $6 Burger and Fries on Tuesday with live blues/jazz is awesome.  There is an open mic every Thursday with $3 yards brewery, that is really full of talented musicians.  
The owner is always upgrading and improving the spot.  It's great to have someone that truly cares about the place.  The upstairs is now going to be open everyday and they're opening for lunch thurs-sunday.  With the weather getting nicer, there are two huge windows that open up entirely, with quite a bit of seating outside as well!  I go there a couple times a week and it never gets old for me!I really liked this place the first few times I was here. This past time, and last time I will probably ever go, a few things happened that turned me off. As advertised on their site, there was a beer special,$3 philadelphia brewing beers during quizzo which I believe was supposed to start after 8. Quizzo never happened, so I was stuck paying the high prices for the beers. The upstairs was not open, I saw at least groups come in and just leave because of the line. I wish I was one of those groups. The seitan wings had very little sauce on them and the seitan sandwich was sub par. Nothing like the first few times I was there. It's a combination of the decline is quality of the food, high prices, and lack of available tables which make me never want to go there again. What a shame, we do need a nice new place in East Falls.Standard salty greasy pub fare. Nothing could make up for the horrible service of this place, though. The server took all day explaining the menu to the couple next to us but couldn't be bothered to come take our order until after we walked up to the bar and flagged him down. Was my party just being singled out? Rude.Go there and get the charcuterie or go upstairs and have a cocktail. The bartenders are incredibly friendly and helpful. Good music upstairs too, has a jazz vibe.Comparatively speaking it is worlds apart from Buckets, (It's former moniker).
I went in for the beer list and returned for the food.
The rotating beer list is a welcome addition to the neighborhood, I can always find something new as well as my old favorites.
The food is pretty good, the burgers and turkey burgers are the best in the neighborhood, the Pineapple Habanero wings are a zen experience and the mussels are great.
I can't say enough good things about the place.
They aren't perfect, but I'll still be there once or twice a week.
In addition, now that I spend more time there than I do at home, the latest additions to the menu, the tacos are out of this world.
Did I mention that the Perogies are made on the premises?
I have never left the Falls Taproom feeling unsatisfied.
The employees are friendly and gracious and have the utmost respect for their customers.
If you're in the neighborhood, swing by and give 'em a try, you won't be disappointed.
The food is hot (When warranted) and the seats are comfortable.
Some people will just find any reason to complain.Recently revamped, this place is definitely a hidden gem.  Great pub food and very veg friendly without being healthy.  Amazing beer selection and now also has great cocktail concoctions in a cozy upstairs lounge. The seitan wings with pineapple habanero sauce r awesome as r the sandwiches and tacos.My girlfriend had raved about this place explaining how it had the best pierogies, stuffed burgers and tapped beer. Knowing it from its previous owner, Buckets, I was not sure. 
This place is lovely. The food is fantastic. It is a little more expensive in that there aren't sides included in the entrees. I do like some chips or fries with my burgers, usually, but once I got that turkey burger, I could have cared less about not having fries. It was so delish. 
The beer selection is also fantastic. I hope this place lasts! It is a delight to have in east falls, especially since the Pour House closed.Best bar in East Falls!  Service can be slow (sometimes it seems like there's only one person working both the bar and the tables, other times they have plenty of staff) and sometimes it's too crowded to get in.  But if you can get a seat, the beer selection is great (interesting drafts and a huge bottle selection) and the food is amazing.  When the weather is nice I like to sit near the big windows, which they open up to the street.  I don't like to sit outside because Midvale Ave is really noisy and the sidewalk tends to be crowded.I've been meaning to get to this place for some time now. I am glad I did last night. The beer selection is solid. There was a bunch of variety, from a a bunch of different breweries local and otherwise... And I talked to them about their upcoming tap takeovers which sound pretty awesome.
I also need a dinner, so I got the Falls Taproom Burger. It was pretty good, nothing crazy. Definitely a burger I would have again. However, other options the menu looks really good... So I'll probably try some other stuff before I get the burger again.
The nicest part is that the bartenders are super friendly, and the other patrons at the bar the same. I ended up chatting with two of my fellow Barstool Neighbors  my entire time there. This makes for a super local place.
This is definitely a spot I will frequent while I'm in town, laid back, good food, great beer list, and super nice people.If I wrote this a few months ago it wouldve been 5 stars. But now theyve gotten rid of their amazing cocktail list and they're always out of food items. Seems like theyre kinda on their way out.August Update
"Tap Falls Flat"
We were really surprised on Tuesday, as our once favorite little East Falls spot killed our buzz with its funky suds.
 We'd hoped to enjoy its Tuesday deal- (great burger combo and live music after 8)
Sadly, the kegs/pumps were serving up the beer warm and flat- the gracious bartender was helpful and apologetic- but the owner seemed more interested in chatting his up buds and the beer rep than in either acknowledging or getting the problem solved- Maybe a 
"Sorry guys, this round is on us...." or-  "We're just doing bottles 'till we get this licked"  
Anyhow- it was happy hour and the quality of Falls Tap food usually makes up for any other issues.
But when the chicken skewers came with no hint of ginger garlic or curry, and was served with, like a scoop of generic peanut butter- we knew something was off kilter at the Tap. 
Plain Grilled Chicken on a stick with a gob of peanut butter is something I make- at home -  alone - (when no one can witness the shame)
Next to us the Weyerbacher ? rep was bemoaning  that Parking tickets in Philly aren't tax deductible and couldn't be put on his expense account.
Warm beer does funny things to people.
Truly a surreal evening at the Falls Tap- perhaps an odd spirit had blown in under the broken door... It's kinda like the place caught a summer cold and needs a hot shower, vitamins and day off just watchin' soaps or Montel.
We'll see you in the fall after the recharge.Ate dinner here for the first time on Saturday and it was a great experience. I was impressed by extensive beer list and my pulled pork sandwich was excellent: super smoky and not too sweet. I enjoyed my side salad, but wish I'd ordered sweet potato fries because the few I stole from my husband's plate were really good. He got the burger +egg on top and really liked it, so I'll have to try that next time. We split the apple cobbler for dessert, which was served warm and a great way to end our meal on a cold night.
The only downside is somewhat limited seating... But it's not *really* a downside, because it helps create a cozier atmosphere. They have seating outside on the patio too, so seating probably isn't an issue during warmer weather.
We'll definitely be back!Great bar. BEST BEER SELECTION IN THE CITY HANDS DOWN. Great to get lunch and/or dinner their burgers and wings are definitely good probably one of the best burgers in east falls/manayunk/roxborough area. suggest for anyone!!Went here with a group of six for a friend's birthday dinner and had a frustrating experience. It took 10-15 minutes for our server to even greet our table, which set the tone for the rest of the night. She was pleasant enough but we kept having to hunt her down every time we wanted to order anything or ask a question. It was Friday night and I would be more understanding if it had been more crowded than it was--but it really wasn't all that busy. And no one on staff seemed at all apologetic or even aware of how long everything was taking, which was odd. The food and drinks were decent but not great. I'd say the best thing I tried were the seitan wings (one of our friends is vegan). I guess I'd go back, as the menu was interesting and I saw several things I was interested in trying, but I really hope the service is a bit more attentive next time. Everyone has off nights.The taproom burger was really good, but it took 25 mins for someone to acknowledge our presence after I had to ask if anyone was gonna wait on us?, the reply was "we'll get to you ".I am an east falls resident and I have been to the taproom a half a dozen times. This place has it's perks. The beer list makes every craft beer and simpler beer drinker happy. The bar is absolutely beautiful.
The downside is when it's dark outside is also dark inside. Therefore, I have been in the taproom with my iPhone flashlight on the menu so I can read. Struggle. I feel like my mother. I am 21. I am too young to complain about the lighting, oh Lordy. 
The second issue I had was a couple weeks ago. It's was a Wednesday night and a friend turned 21 at midnight. So we went to taproom. It was 7 of us in this group. We walk in to a barely filled taproom, and the the newly 21 year old handed over her ID. The women who checked her id stated, "its illegal to serve someone who turned 21 at midnight". We all kinda stood there for a moment and stared at her. We were confused why she was turning us away? All of us 21/22 year old all had gone out on midnight of our birthdays were confused. Why can't this girl get a drink?
She lied. 
I completely understand that bars do not have to have serve anyone. Be honest, we don't do 21st birthdays. 
It's legal in Pennsylvania to drink at midnight on your 21st birthday. 
We weren't going to blast through shots. We had graduate school the next day. But, we sadly went back home, and we walk went to bed. I was just disappointed, I had expected at least some honesty from the management at taproom.My new favorite place in the area ! I have been here twice. Once for lunch on a quiet Monday and another time for a busier Sunday dinner. Service has been excellent both times, incredible beer selection and amazing food! It takes a little more to win me over and keep me craving to come back somewhere - but the Taproom did it. Nachos are amazing as well as their burgers. (I'm not really even a burger person.. But have had beef burgers there 2x and fell in love) I love the atmosphere too .. rustic, low-lit .. good hang out spot for a date or with friends. Highly recommended if you like good food and beer !A big group of us went to Falls Taproom a few weekends ago and they were nice enough to accommodate us even though they were super busy - and like others have mentioned - short staffed.  They went as far as to call in another bartender and open the upstairs for us as a private party!  I was impressed.  Everyone agreed that the food was good and the beer excellent!  
My husband and I whined for months after the Pour House closed that there was no place to get a good beer and a sandwich - the Falls Taproom more than fills that void.  The beer list continues to impress and I am finding more on the menu each time we go.  The staff and the atmosphere are great!  Don't let these guys fade away like so many other East Falls establishments - they are exactly what this neighborhood needs!Great beer selection and good food. A great  addition to the neighborhood.  The Mac n Cheese is amazing.Been here 3 times... and 2 of those times I got the Mussels with sausage and so on.
They were amazing... the gravy/sauce was fantastic and so was the meat.
Good beer selection THOUGH the last time I was there they had some issue with their drafts or something so could not get any of them
Right off the east falls bridge, I enjoyed sitting outside and having some good food after running a 5K on Kelly drivecalled up tonight and asked if the place could handle a table for 7. Sure could. Didn't really make a reservation but when we arrived they'd put some tables together for us and we were seated immediately. There was a good crowd there for a Tuesday night but not packed. Very nice atmosphere with plenty of wood tables and lots of different beers on the walls. Waitress was very pleasant. Food was awesome. Perrogis and wings were tasty and the various sandwiches were well done. I got a flatbread topped with short rib meat and just the right amount of cheese, onions and seasoning.It was the last entre to come and it arrived like an aircraft carrier on a very long cutting board. Very ample. Prices were reasonable. Will definately stop back.I love it here, I live in the neighborhood but I would drive here for a low key, classy- rustic pub. I am in love with the unfiltered cider, half a menu is dedicated to  vegetarians! That's pretty cool for a pub! And their chocolate cake is amazing. Down to earth, cool people working there, but they aren't slow!Took some out of town fellow workers to Falls 2 weeks ago and we had a great meal. Everyone enjoyed their food and drink. It was a work related event so I was using the company credit card. Did not pay attention to the bill as closely as I should have. The bill came in around $200 which I thought was close to what we should have been paying and our waitress was fine so I put my usual 20% tip in. Later my boss showed me that Falls had put an automatic gratuity for a party of 6 on the detail bill but had not put that on the credit card slip that I signed. So I wound up paying a $70 tip for a $170 tab. Have tried numerous times to contact owner about this but no one returns my calls.
Won't be going back here anytime soon!Love Love Love-  greatest beer list in East Falls- Burgers are amazing! I would stick to the real beef over Kobe beef burgers as they are more flavorful and moist.  The fried pickles and Carnitas tacos are not to be missed.  Can't wait for summer and the patio!!!Excellent experience at the Falls Taproom. Stopped by for lunch and couple beers. We started out with the Mac & Cheese, which is phenomenal. I then tried the Beef Burger with cheddar and bacon. Amazing. Definitely will be returning to try the other burgers, specifically the Lamb burger. Washed everything down with a nice Brooklyn Lager. This place is worth a try.My new local burger and beer spot.  Fantastic!  Hmm...been, bison, turkey, lamb, or black bean?  Tough choice.  Don't miss the fried pickles either.just had my third visit and the consistency of the food and excellent beer selection plus the service has me adding the 5th star.  Hands down my favorite spot for vegetarian bar food that is less than a 20 minute drive from my house.Good beer selection and tasty food only to be diluted by a seriously rude waiter and revolting bathroom. The bathroom made me wonder how clean the kitchen was. The real kick in the teeth was finding out that they upped the appropriate 5% tip to 15% the next day. My bank got my money back.We had did some hiking at the Wissahickon Valley Trail today and had worked up an appetite. We decided to check out the Falls Taproom (located about 3 miles down the road from our trail head/parking spot at the Wissahickon).
I liked the solid wood/butcher block style  tables & chairs. They have a bar/dining room inside as well as  outside seating. I think they have an upstairs as well?  They have a nice selection of  craft beer on-tap and bottled. Our bartender (who was also our server) was great, real friendly! I liked the selection of blues music playing in the background. 
For libations,  I had the 'Ithaca Apricot Wheat' and Kate had the 'Allagash White'. The  beers were going down smooth today.
For grub, I had the 'Flame Grilled Flank Steak' sandwich with cheese/balsamic reduction. It was very good. The side of fries were skin-on and crispy. Kate had the lamb burger, it was tasty (though, a little dry, maybe 2 minutes over-cooked). Her sweet potato fries were very good. Prices were reasonable.
We liked the Falls Taproom and will return if we are in the area again.I reviewed Falls Taproom in the past and gave a genuinely honest good review. I understood the slow service, because the food was great. However, when i went for dinner on Friday, it was truly the last straw. My husband is the General Manager of a Philadelphia restaurant and I am a former server. So before you dismiss this, please understand that we are about the MOST forgiving table you can have.
Let's start with the server. A blond girl with a kerchief on her head who speaks to you as though you are disturbing her. I was annoyed with her the last 2 times I went in for her flippant attitude, but this time I just couldn't take it. As someone who served for a decade in very good restaurants, I can tell you that there is NEVER an excuse for making your guest feel like they are imposing. I ordered the same salad that I always get, the Grilled Pear Salad. I love it. Or should I say, "loved" it. When it came out I immediately knew it was different, but I assumed it was presentation. We also ordered the Garlic Parmesan Wings, which I literally crave. 
The once cravable wings were mediocre. The salad was awful. A pile of Arugula in a sour vinaigrette with under ripe pears that were hard as a brick. When the server walked by, never checking in on us, we caught her attention so I could ask about a missing ingredient that I was used to seeing in the salad. I was told, as she walked away, that they changed it 6 months ago when they got a new chef. She didn't ask if I liked it, she didn't ask if I needed anything. She just walked away. Finally the other server, a tall man who I see there often, came over to ask how we were doing. I told him I didn't like the salad and he took it off the bill. This was a very small saving grace after the lack of concern from the first server. We left extremely dissatisfied and still hungry. I will not go back and I suggest that management get a handle on what happens in their dining room. Also, if you bring on a new chef, and don't change the menu, than don't change the menu. Look back at the reviews you have gotten in the past on your food. Why would you omit ingredients and change the contents of an item while still listing the item on the menu the same way? A local bar lives on their regulars, but you aren't doing a great job of building regulars when your server is nasty and food is changed for no reason. I live 4 blocks away and will not go back.A very yummy pub-style restaurant. The owner seems very laid back and lovely. The staff was friendly (and put up with our changing our minds about getting one last drink).
The sweet potato fries and the pulled pork were the stars of the night. Great cabbage slaw on the sandwich, which was served on brioche. The sweet potato fries were crispy and just the right amount of salt.
The burger, ordered medium, was more like well done, and the applewood bacon, while tasty (and house smoked), was a bit thick and tough. The regular fries were okay, but could use a little more seasoning/crispiness.
Not often in East Falls, but if I am, I'd return.Okay, so this place has been all over the ratings map for a couple years now. Recently, we returned to find a new layout, updated menu, and top notch service. We were a little startled walking in to the remodel but quickly got over it. Our server said they have new management and staff throughout. 
Our server was prompt, friendly, and knowledgeable about the beer and food. We asked some challenging brew questions and she was not afraid to check with the bar master for details. Taproom seems to stock the local favorites but is more adventurous with the rest of their taps. Definitely won't find some of the beers elsewhere in the city. 
They stick with staple bar food but have a few fun twists to keep it interesting. Vegetarians will feel at home here. 
Overall I rate this wave of East Falls Taproom 5 stars. Bike out here and enjoy a beer or burger. Bring your friends too.
Downsides: Their upstairs whiskey bar is now a room for large groups and parties. While I miss it greatly I'm sure it makes a lovely party room.I have tried this establishment again several times. It seems like there was some improvement a few years back when they had a cocktail bar upstairs. In the last 3 months the ac hasn't been working, the coolers broke once and all the beer on tap was warm (no thanks), they had no liquor another time, and then one of our neighbors was told not to use the bathroom because they might fall through the rotted floor boards. The L& I report is quite a read. It seem like a lot of the staff has left recently. don't blame them. The owners of this place really need to step it up or they are going to go out of business. I've tried the other place, Nonnna's. It had a good start, but grossly neglected by the owners and declining.I've been to Falls Taproom a few times and always leave with an annoyed taste in my mouth. The food is affordable and definitely more inventive than your everyday bar munchies, but it always seems like something is missing when it comes to flavour.
It also seems to be ridiculously understaffed whenever we come; only one person manning both the bar and the number of tables on the main level? C'mon. We're at the point where we've gone out of our way to get cash before eating here, just so we don't have to spend an hour waiting for our credit card to be run through.
The beer selection is substantial with a generous happy hour selection, and maybe the late-night hours are a draw for the neighbourhood, but for me it's not quite enough to make this place a regular hangout.Been here 4 or 5 times and it never disappoints. Food is phenomenal. Brisket au jou, mussels and fries in a white garlic sauce, burgers; everything here is made to perfection. The beer list is very extensive and staff is friendly.  I may become a regular.I really wanted to like this place a lot more than I did.
Pros: really excellent craft beer selection (even 3-4 different sours!), nice, off-the-beaten-path neighborhood outside Center City, outdoor dining, decent menu selection including sandwiches, burgers, a few kinds of mussels, pierogies and french fries, and interesting salads.
Our actual dining experience just wasn't great. The place is pretty tiny, so definitely not good to bring a big group to. Luckily, it wasn't crowded when we got there, but our service still wasn't great - I think maybe she was bartending as well? Anyhow, we got seated (the chairs are really uncomfortable and don't fit with the tables they have, and only got more so as the night went on). 
We ordered our beers, two drafts. Our server brought over the drinks, and I was dismayed to find that mine, a Mikkeller Limoncello, which was served in a Chimay chalice, was literally filled up barely halfway, with a giant head filling the rest of the glass. I understand glassware, and that higher ABV beers get a smaller pour, but this was really ridiculous, IMO. I wish I had told the server my concern, but I was so damn thirsty, I just started drinking. The beer was literally gone in about 4 sips. 
I ordered the white mussels and frites, and my dining partner had a grilled pear salad with bacon, field greens, walnuts, etc. His salad was fine, nothing extraordinary. My mussels were definitely lacking - tough, really small, and the broth was so boiling hot that I could barely fish them out without burning my fingers. I actually just gave up on them about 3/4 of the way through and just stuck with dunking my baguette into the broth. 
We were both ready to split as soon as we were done eating - not to mention this band had started playing and was so loud, it was impossible to have a conversation. Our server took forever to settle up the bill.
I was so disappointed in this place. I will most likely give it another chance though, order different food, and enjoy some more of their beer selection to see if things improve.We've been wanting to try this place for awhile now.  Wow, I really should have tried it a long time ago.  Great beer selection, great food, and a great atmosphere.  
I went for the chocolate bacon beer but they did not have it.  Didn't matter; there were many others to choose from - both in bottles and in drafts.
The lobster mac and cheese was AWESOME, but do not attempt to eat all of it in one sitting.  Share with friends.  It's enough for 4.  The pineapple-habanero wings were great - definitely something I will have again.  We also ordered the steak tacos.  They were okay, but the steak was a little dry.
The pub has old-style wooden tables and chairs, brick walls, and dim lighting - three things that make the mood right for throwing back some craft brews.  There's even a few TVs to catch the Phillies game.
One thing that we noticed that was most likely a fluke - a small cockroach ran across the wall next to us.  Once again, I am not thinking it's that big of a deal due to recent events.  The area just flooded and the little bugs that live in the park probably moved inland a bit when the water rose.  The windows were also wide open which may have invited our friend inside.  
We are definitely coming back to try more things from the menu; probably within the week.Food was super average, and not worth the price. The service was extrrremely slow. Butchered the mojito I ordered, too. It's a shame, because I really wanted to like this place.It was not one thing that made me give this a low score, or I probably would chalk it up as a bad night. First, we ordered. We got appetizers. I split nachos with my fiancé my mom got soup, my dad got mussels. Unfortunately, they brought everything out. My fiancé had his burger and nachos. My Dad had chill and mussels in front of him. It was awkward and overwhelming. The nachos we love but this time, the cheese was cold. It was not good. I asked the server if they could keep my dad's chill warm. The server said no. (I think this response is the main reason I have for writing this) 
I can't imagine why not. Is there a warmer? Put it back in the crock and get him a new one one its ready? Anything? So by the time he was done his mussels, it was cold. I also do not understand why we got everything at once. Who does that? Put it in the computer at different times. When we say, we will start with this and than I will have this, its very simple. I am a server, I understand mistakes. I even understand cold food (which should not happen, but if it sits a second, it happens.), I do not understand 8 dishes in front of a table at once, and when asked if we could keep things warm, saying no. Our salad with roasted squash and cranberries was very simple. It needs cheese or something else.
In the end, food was cold and just so so. The service was not good.Fantastic new find, everything was delish.  Great service, comfy space.  Grilled Ceasar's salad, mussels, fried chicken sandwich, all top notch!  As the name implies, great and very wide tap selection.  Can't wait to go back.Im tempted to give this place five stars on the merits of the lobster mac & cheese alone
so cheesy, so lobstery. we split this while more or less ignoring the rest of our meal, and still took home a good bit of it for later. ten bucks gets you a HUGE amount of this tasty, hearty dish. which was actually fortunate, because now that I think of it the rest of our meal was kind of disappointing... 
this place is really suffering from lack of staff. there were TWO people working the front of the house, with the place nearly full inside and out. I almost hit my "its time to walk out" point before our orders were taken, and after that everything was in slow motion as the pair of servers/bartenders did double duty trying to keep up with the dinner crowd. 
the burger was mediocre, and for some reason tasted like curry. at $6 on weekly special the price is nice, and about half of what a burger and fries normally runs, but it went half eaten and I would not do it again. 
the caprese salad had great potential. the ingredients all seemed good, but, and Im chalking this one up to the understaffing, it came out without any balsamic, without any salt or pepper on the salad or the table, and without any silverware or napkins for the next fifteen minutes. 
the beer list seemed impressive, and the one sour I tried was just what I wanted. no complaints on that front. 
also the 9pm live music started tuning up at very high volumes at about five after eight.
all in all, its got potential, and some real gems on the menu - but keeps shooting itself in the foot on the way to perfect execution. 
Ill be back at least onceThis is my second review. I vowed never to come back but a friend of mine asked me to pick up some wings for him. No problem, I thought... Well, my total came to $19 and some change, I paid with a credit card... I look at my statement some days later, and I see I was over charged $5... Not the biggest deal, but it's my $5, not theirs. I called three times, got a call back from the manager and said it would be taken care of. I went away on vacation and forgot all about.. I just looked and it hasn't been taken care of. That's my money, Falls Taproom, I will forbid anyone from you.Cozy and cool atmosphere. On busy nights sometimes tough to find a seat in dining area. Bar is small and usually full. Lobster Mac and cheese wasn't as incredible as I anticipated from the reviews but it was one of the biggest portions I've received and totally worth the $10 for a hearty meal.  Has the mussels and burgers on past occasions and both are tasty. Agree with other reviews in that the menu is slightly overpriced.  FYI, fries are ordered ala carte and don't come with the burgers. 
Beers are great and the staff is pleasant and knowledgeable.  Good spot in this neighborhood amongst a handful of go-to dive bars.  Outside seating when it's nice is hard to snag but if you find yourself out there, it makes for a nice night.I went to the Falls Taproom last Sunday with my boyfriend and another friend. The place was not busy but we chose to sit outside. I ordered the Georgia mule which was very good. 
For food, I ordered the belgian mussels and southern corn bread salad. My bf ordered the fried chicken sandwich and my friend had vegetarian nachos. 
The salad was brought out first and was very very good. I never had cornbread in salad but it was delicious. 
This is where things just head south. Both my bf and friends entrees were brought out. I figured the server was bringing mine out after but he just disappeared. After waiting 10 min my bf went in to ask about my mussels. The waiter obviously forgot to put in my order. I sat waiting for a good 30 min. By now both of them are done their food. 
The server offered a lack luster apology before disappearing again. When he finally came back out to check on us he offered to give us a free dessert for the poor experience. We obliged and asked for the check as well. 
Of course the check was brought out swiftly and a few other staff came out to see if we had paid the tab. At this point our bill is paid and were still sitting there waiting for the complimentary dessert. Once again we have to ask where is the dessert?? Because they obviously forgot that too! 
Its ridiculous how slow and forgetful they are especially when its not busy. I'd hate to see how they would handle an actual busy night. We were there for almost 3 hours because of the slow horrible service. I went a few months ago and had a great experience. However, after this time I will never go back!After reading my bad review, the manager of Falls Taproom, Jessica, reached out to me and my boyfriend, and invited to come back in order to prove that our experience was not something that normally happens.  I was very surprised by the offer, because it's rare that someone would go that far out of his or her way to try and make a better impression on a patron after a bad experience.  It was a classy move on her part, and we took her up on the offer.
The food was excellent, as it usually is.  The short rib flat bread, chicken satay, and Walt Wits were a perfect end to a week away on vacation.  Coincidentally enough, our server from the first half of our last dining experience, Derek, was our server again.  He remembered us, and we briefly talked about our last dining experience.  Derek, being admittedly "snarky", provided excellent service, and even wiped the condensation from our glasses off the table.  We made our peace, and ended up having a great dining experience.  The food was excellent, as was the service.  Thank you, again, Jessica!  We'll be sure to come back, and we will definitely recommend Falls Taproom.If Jazzrock Trio is still playing here on Tuesday nights, I recommend taking advantage of that as opportunity to have a great first experience here.  But, with or without the music, you will enjoy this place.  Always a stellar beer selection - tap and bottle; food is sooo good (gouda triangles!) and there are even some healthy options.  Location is great for me cuz I can walk there in two minutes whenever.  If you have to drive, parking might be tough.I've become somewhat of a Yelp snob refusing to dine anywhere given less than 4 or 5 stars. Because hey, I trust you guys. Falls Taproom came in at at 3.5 but I liked a few things I saw on the menu, it was a rare night in the area and we needed somewhere casual as were dressed in gym clothes from rock climbing so we decided to give it a go. 
We parked right out front, for free, no problem.  This is heaven because in the city that doesn't happen. Ever. 
We were given "the last two top" upstairs at 8:30pm on a Friday night and handed menus. No one to walk us to our table. Not a big deal but I did take note. It's the little things sometimes. The only time I've ever just walked to a table was in a "choose your own table, the waitress will be over with menus" situation. I don't think I ever experienced this. 
Exposed brick walls, exposed beams and heavy on the wood had me definitely feeling the place. The decor could've been taken up a notch with something as simple as tea lights on the table. It was a little too dark and I'm a girl who loves moody. A simple candle goes a long way. Pluses for the outdoor seating and cozy bar area. 
We were greeted right away and given our water in mason jars. I'm a sucker for anything in a mason. The draft list was written on a chalk board behind us. We tried Mango Wheat and later a Briney Melon. Both very different and delish!! The melon was a bit of an acquired taste. We liked the mango better, but it didn't really taste like mango. The pineapple we wanted to try was kicked. 
The entire one side of the menu was completely vegetarian and vegan, clearly marked. Woo hoo! This is where I give them BIG props. Hubby even went vegan for me tonight! We split the seitan wings. We chose pineapple habanero rather than Bourbon BBQ, Buffalo and Korean Chili. The optional sounded great!! They were VERY good!! Gooey and sweet. Crispy pieces mixed in making it a great consistency. We also split the Bourbon BBQ pulled seitan "pork" served with fries and house made bread and butter pickles. Ehh, it was just ok. I expected pulled (shredded) "meat". It was more just chunks which I wasn't loving. I think seitan needs to be done a certain way and this wasn't it. We didn't love the flavor either. When we asked for mustard, we were handed the entire tub of Gouldens which I have never seen outside of a hotdog or pretzel cart. See, again those little touches go a long way. 
Music throw backs courtesy of Kings of Leon, The Beatles, The Shins which we liked a lot! 
The waitress never brought my hubs his soda and we had to ask for water refills which is a little pet peeve of mine. She did remember the lemon when I asked so that was good. The food was also a little slow to come out. We were starving so it seemed like forever. We let it go because they did have two larger parties upstairs also. 
The thing that really got me was the bathroom upstairs. Ugh!! Toilet paper on the floor. The toilet was overflowing and clogged, a sign was falling off the wall and the wall was either dirty or very poorly painted. No excuse for this, even on a Friday night. I hate to say it but it's true especially in a place with a prime location with a filled restaurant. 
All and all, when I asked the hubby if he would come back "probably" was his response. I mean, we have fun wherever we go. Would I go out of my way to come here? Not really. Would I give it another go? Sure. Yeah for the vegan options, music selection and beer list. The place has potential it just needs fine tuning. Wishing there were half stars for a 3.5.