Hands down the best sushi I've had in my existence. From awesome service to fresh sushi. My one girlfriend is pregnant so raw fish is a no no and she was still able to enjoy a lot of the menu besides the typical tempura! We made a reservation and was seated as soon as we came in. Our waitress was able to answer all our weird and annoying questions. And also make suggestions to our likings. I'm going back asap!Solid place, nothing wrong with it. But going here is never my idea. The food is just alright, slightly over priced, decent atmosphereIt's a nice restaurant with a nice modern decor. Sushi was fresh and the service was great. They have a lot of fancy special rolls (which we ordered their 4 new ones), and more of the traditional ones too. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a cool sushi place. If you're looking for good sushi, nice environment, and good drinks for a great value, check out Fat Salmon.I stopped in for a light lunch. I was pleasantly surprised by the amazing ambiance and fresh sushi! The service was prompt-- necessary for a workweek lunch. I ordered two rolls and a salad for $14! This is much less than what some chains charge. I will certainly mark this as a top sushi restaurant in Center City, Philadelphia!This is in my opinion the best sushi place in Center City. I do not get specialty rolls when I get sushi because they are usually expensive and not really worth it BUT here there are so good. There are so many unique sushi rolls and flavor that you can't really find anywhere else. All the sushi is fresh and the rice/fish ratio is great. Bonus: they let our party stay way past 11 PM (their closing time) while we finished our wine bottle and conversation. Also, our waitress was great: quick service, packed up all our leftovers for us, and gave us extra sauces free of charge. Overall, great food and awesome ambiance.I love fat salmon , really intimate and cute set up although a little cramped feeling. Delicious sushi and has something for everyone as I went on two occasions with two picky eaters and they both found something they enjoyed. My faves are the Dragonfly and Rolling Fire so good! The service is usually spot on but my last visit we were rushed during our meal despite coming in almost two hours before closing and ppl were sat after us and not bothered once- still comes back cause it's great that just was an weird night for me. Oh it can be packed most nights but they seat you as quickly as possible.My favorite sushi place in Philly. A bit off the path and usually not too crowded, but still at a nice restaurant standard. Service is generally attentive and my usual order of locust and blossom rolls are my favorite sushi dishes in Philly.Had an excellent dinner here...  actually impressed by the freshness of the food!  Sushi in Philadelphia has been having a tough time in the past year, but this place puts it back on the map.  Delicious, original, and I love the style. 
The presentation is clean and appealing as well, and they keep the restaurant very clean..  It's a fairly new place and still growing, but I have no doubt it will stand apart if they keep raising the bar like they are.I had good memories of coming to fat salmon a few years back so coming back had been on my radar for some time now. We got reservations for Saturday night dinner. Reservations fill fast so make sure you try atleast a day in advance. The place was full when we arrived. There were people waiting and because it's a small shoebox style place, it looked pretty cramped up. 
We started with sake samplers and ordered a few rolls. Service was average on that day. Sushi was as usual fresh and nice. Sake was refreshing. Prices are reasonable. The place is very popular for delivery too. We saw plenty of uber eats/ yelp eats delivery guys come over in the 1 hour we spent there.I went here with a group of friends just as a girl's night. We all decided we wanted sushi and heard good things about Fat Salmon. Reserved a table for 4 through Yelp's SeatMe feature...super easy! A friend and I split the "Sushi for 2" which was plenty of food for two people and included soup and salad. The Spicy Tuna roll was great! Our friends each got 2 specialty rolls, and while I can't remember which ones, they both said they were delicious. To finish, I got green tea ice cream which was very good and came in a large portion, and my friend got the tempura ice cream which was a HUGE portion! But it was so yummy so that was ok:) Overall, a great place, with good service.Go here!
Rolls are interesting and not the usual fare. The ambiece is nice for dates or small groups, though if there is an obnoxious table in the restaurant everyone is bothered. Nice fish, nice apps. BYOB policy.
Pros: Rolls, rolls, rolls
Cons: Can get loudI always stop by here when I have family in the hospital.  Yes, it's morbid, depressing sushi.
Yummy though and they do cheap and quick takeout.This is an awesome place. The sushi is fresh, service is great, and the non-sushi options are great. I ordered a pork katsu and spicy tuna crunch roll. I'm a pretty big eater, but I still ended up taking home some of the katsu. Great portions. 
I do wish they offered more non-sushi, Japanese entrees, but it's obviously a sushi restaurant.Fat Salmon is a trendy yet casual spot for sushi. 
Sake flights are great. Sushi is consistently good (although it won't blow you away).
It's open fairly late too, so great if you want to grab some sushi and drinks before going out to the bars/clubs.
If you are looking to get there at normal dinner time, definitely pick up a reservation -- the place gets packed.My husband and I come here pretty much once a month so I would considered myself a regular here. Their sushi is great and their fried ice cream is a personal favorite so we always find ourselves back here for a dinner date. Even my girlfriends and I go here whenever we get together and want sushi. Try anything on the menu, nothing will disappoint you. Service is great for the most part, except for two times with the same server. One time I was with my husband and one time I was with a friend. Mistakes were make with our orders and our promised compensated discounts were never applied. Both visits were at least 4 months apart. Can't figure out why the same sever is still there since the first visit the mistake was so bad they were silently yelling at him at the sushi bar. Sushi is a 5-star rating, service because of the two slightly less positive experiences grant a 4-star.Yum, raw fish! Seriously though, I haven't been very impressed with sushi here in Philly, but Fat Salmon changed my mind. The sushi was flavorful, the ingredients were fresh, and the ambience in the restaurant was nice. 
I just have to talk about the salmon though....it had the perfect amount of fattiness to give it good flavor. Definitely some quality Fat Salmon (har har)! I am definitely going back for more.I've been here once before. This time it was better. I went for lunch and ordered a roll and a Yakitori. A bit too many veggies that didn't mix well with the beef. The roll however, perfect.
Clean. The server was prompt. Everything else was wonderful. Too bad the weather was cold.Absolute best sushi I have ever had! Great prices and amazing flavors! Service is a little slow, but the food definitely makes up for it. Awesome atmosphere!I stopped by during the work week at 1145 for lunch and no one was there! We were quickly seated and brought menus. I opted for the two choice lunch special for $14.50. I started with miso soup and for the entree I picked the ektai roll (crab stick eel and cucumber in the roll, topped with yellow tail and some unagi sauce) and the fried shrimp tempura. The soup kinda tasted like soap water.... the roll was delicious. Fresh ingredients and well rolled. The tempura has a nice crunch, but the tempura sauce could've used a but more flavor. The wait staff were nice and friendly but the food could've come out a little faster. There was no one there when we arrived and it seemed that people who arrived after us were getting served meals fish. Overall, the food was fresh and tasty, and I recommend it if you're looking for some fresh sushi!the best AND I MEAN THE BEST sushi i have ever had in my life. went with 2 girlfriends. the 3 of us shared 5 rolls and it was perfect. 
- volcano roll
- old school roll
- blossom roll
- dancing vampire roll
- rolling fire roll
honestly EVERY ROLL was amazing... you cant beat this place. There's a reason it's rated Philly #1 sushi place. will be back soon!!!I have been to Fat Salmon many times, and I have never been disappointed. The quality of their sushi is fantastic (I am very picky when it comes to sushi) and they specialty rolls are phenomenal. They have a large selection and they can satisfy any sushi whore's taste buds (vegetarian, spicy, etc.) By far my favorite sushi joint in Philly.Whatever Fat salmon is...it is defiantly NOT Japanese! 
Take away the swanky lighting, the modern decor, and you are left with sushi that is reminiscent of any food court sushi at your local shopping mall.  
Start with the sushi bar that is so high, you can not see your chef, and he can not see you.  Any proud Japanese sushi chef will want to interact with you and see your expression when you bite into his masterpiece.   
It is so hard to find authentic sushi when traveling, and yelp is certainly no help. 
If you like a roll factory then Fat Salmon is for you.I've visited Fat Salmon a number of times and for some reason, it still flies under the radar for me.  Even when I have conversations with others about where they go for sushi in philly, I still somehow seem to forget about it.  It's time for that to stop.
I've always had very good service and really excellent food here.  The decor is kind of funky and their lighting resembles a certain, I don't know what.  To me it's quite futuristic looking but then again, picking out decorating styles is something that I have no clue about.
Food-wise, it's difficult for me not to get a sashimi platter.  I realize that this limits my exposure to other kinds of fish on the menu but it's just such a great value and the taste is pretty exquisite.  The last time I was there, I tried two rolls that I never had before.  I really enjoyed the fuka roll and even though it had a ton of stuff both in and on it, I still was able to get all of the flavor.  The crying (dancing, singing, something) vampire roll was also really good but for me the fuka stood out.
So in essence, I'm sorry Fat Salmon.  I'll do my best to sing your praises and visit more often.Eating at the Sushi bar. Turns out they recommend reservations due to the limited tables. it's You get a nice view of the gentlemen "suishing" behind the bar. And that's a good thing by the way; enjoy the show! 
Food is amazing presentation is second to none.Wait-how has bacon not been put into a sushi roll before? It's on everything else and yet Fat Salmon is the first sushi place I've ever been to that has it as a roll.  Honestly, it gets 4 stars for this reason alone.
This is a cute little sushi bar.  It reminds me of a Japanese fast food restaurant with the cutesy character on the menu.  It is small though, so even at 8 on a Tues we had to wait 20 minutes for a table.  
I liked the variety of special rolls they had. Besides the BCT which had the bacon, I tried several others that were all reasonably priced and fairly unique.  It is easy to see why this is considered one of the best in Philly.I'm not quiet sure what to make of the negative reviews...but hey everyone has a bad day once in a while. However, we surely did not! We found this wonderful place while heading back to our hotel from the Liberty Bell site. We did not have a reservation but the hostess was wonderful to seat us and make us feel welcomed. Our waitress was just as wonderful! The sushi and sashimi was fresh and delicious! Sure beat our LA standards! Sooooo we came back a second time before heading home! Everything was perfect and food amazing! Thank you for your hospitality!!I think this is the best sushi spot in the city.  After having to write a scathing review about another place in Philly, I felt it only just I write a nice review about a place I love going to.  There's always something new to try, the atmosphere is great, the service is wonderful. The food is just excellent all around. Never had a bad meal here.  I wish I could try everything but it will take me many moons and many stomachs.  Go here if you love sushi.  This is the place.While reading the other stellar reviews I surmise that staff write them. had a Sunday night dinner someplace new - the food was OK had much better at different restaurants. Overall not terrible, but not great.Pretty good sushi and decently priced...but the kitchen side would not be recommended.  Service is okay, could be a little more attentive, especially if you're one of the last tables. It'd be easier to kick me out if you come to the table...Truly a delightful experience. I really loved both the sashimi and the cooked fish rolls.  I just discovered my new favorite Japanese sushi restaurant. It's the best I've ever had.  :)  A treat, for sure.Great service, Great atmosphere & great food. We had a reservation & we were seated right away which doesn't happen at many restaurants. Our server, Lisa, really knew the menu & helped us make great selections. She definitely made the whole experience! The food was delicious too.  
I had the Tempura Shrimp & Vegetables and loved it.  We will go back!When it comes to raw fish, I'd rather pay more and have top notch quality. Fat salmon is one of the few places in the city that has truly great quality sushi at fair prices. It get's busy every day, so make reservations. The decor is very modern/funky, but it's not very friendly for solo-eaters, since the sushi bar is designed in a way where you can't really talk to the chef or watch them work.This is a good sushi spot in Center City. Not the best one in Philly. I would recommend Bleu Sushi for its price and selection. If you do come here try spicy tuna cakes. Who wouldn't love sushi triangles?One of the best Sushi place in the city of Philadelphia. I recommend the Sashimi for two, and the Mochi dessert. Have good time.The first time I came here I really disliked the food. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and assumed that it was just because I ordered the wrong things on the menu. I came back again and only ordered recommended specials. Either my luck is just horrible or the food here is actually bad.I'm giving 4 stars because the service was awful. First, I don't eat sushi, I solely went for my BF who loves it! We both enjoyed our meals but I sat for a good 15 minutes with my salad in front of me with no utensils.The sushi was absolutely delicious! Our service was great from beginning to end and our waitress was easily able to answer all questions. The wine was amazing, the ambiance was on point, and it was more than reasonably priced. We have definitely found our sushi spot in the city.I'm glad we picked this place! The service was great, they were so friendly there! The sushi tasted amazing and fresh! I had the rainbow roll and my friend had spicy tuna. Best we ever had! Drinks were delicious and the atmosphere was great, too! It was even full and we got seated right away!Had an awesome time here with my fiance as we came up to visit Philly for the weekend. Good variety, friendly staff, and a nice space to hang out. Would totally go again!We had an excellent dinner here and parking was easy to find in the surrounding vicinity! My boyfriend told them it was our anniversary and they wrote in chocolate syrup "Happy Anniversary" on our dessert plate. The atmosphere is amazing and the restaurant is beautiful inside. We've already planned on coming back!Fat Salmon was incredible!
I went for lunch with my friend. We both did the $14.50 lunch combination special. Usually with the lunch special the roll selection is not great, but here it was awesome. The sushi was so delicious (better than Zama in my opinion) and for $14.50 for two great rolls and a salad, you can't beat that. The service was excellent as well! I will def be back.The food was ok. I got the the Philly role and spicy hand roll. both were just ok-nothing special. I went on a Sunday and service was still slow when no one was in there! The place is alright regarding decor. Small and nothing special. I heard so many great things about this place and was soooo disappointed :(Awesome atmosphere and service, though a little obscure from the street.  I passed right by it the first time.   I had one of the light sushi specials  (the blossom).  Loved it!!!  Everything else seemed to be just too much for me.  In my opinion, if there are 50+ ingredients and/or smothered in sauces, it ceases to be sushi-eligible.  I digress.  
I ate solo and could have eaten more so I ordered the tempura appetizer suggested by the waiter.  He said it wasnt too much, but clearly he just wanted a bigger tip.  It was definitely enough for 3 people to munch off of.  I am not a tempura fan necessarily, but I would partake again with friends.  
Giving it a 5 for my experience.  They didn't rush me out,  was attentive, and the food was good and relatively inexpensive .  What more can you want?Fat Salmon is such a fun and trendy place for high-quality sushi that won't break the bank. With pretty average prices for their sushi, I think that their quality definitely shines through. 6 pieces/roll, but each piece of the sushi is huge! Brought my friend for his first sushi experience ever, and Fat Salmon did not disappoint! 
Made a reservation for Friday night, and definitely glad we did. Got the Dancing Vampire roll ($10.50) and was definitely a little out there for sushi; pretty standard for the specialty roll stuff. Spicy salmon roll (replaced salmon for tuna with no problem) and Yellowtail roll were delicious and clean-tasting. Server was very accommodating for my friend who has never tried sushi before. Will return!I don't usually write many reviews, but I felt compelled to write a yelp review for this restaurant and my experience there. I've heard great things about this restaurant so I was excited to try it out. The ambiance is really cool- they have blue lights surrounding the inside and cute decor of fish on the wall so you kind of feel like you're in an aquarium. Despite this, the service was absolutely terrible. And I just want to say I'm a REALLY easy customer to please.
First off... the server looked as if he rolled out of bed and was high as a kite. He honestly just looked all over the place. I feel like he had no idea what he was doing. There were 6 of us out to dinner for my birthday and another friend's birthday. When bringing out our drinks, the server spilled a beer down my back and in my hair.
We had to wait forever for our food (which isn't exactly our server's fault, but it took long) and the server left our empty drinks from the first round we ordered on our table the entire time so it was over flowing with cups/bottles. The server never came over to ask us how the food was. When the server asked if we wanted to split our bill we said yes. He then came back and had to go through everything each person ordered. Then when he turned the corner I heard him say, "OMG! This is crazy!" Like... I'm sorry. If you're serving on 8th and walnut at a "well known" sushi place, you should easily be able to split a bill AND not pour a beer down someone's back. He didn't even drop off our split bills... someone else did it. Nothing was taken off our bill (I thought it was the least he could do after spilling a beer on me). 
he service was awful and I was really disappointed. I wanted to like this place. I really did. And finally to comment on the sushi... it was OK. I've had better. This place is overpriced and overrated. You can definitely find better tasting and cheaper sushi in the city. I will not be going  back.Looking for a place near Broad St for sushi, Shinju came up.  I'm usually a patron of Vic, but this place offers similar value with more inventiveness.  The "Lost Rainbow" offers a really wonderful mix of textures and flavors, combining thinly sliced crunchy cucumber with tender salmon.
The only knock on them was the Agedashi tofu, which is one of my favorite dishes.  This deep fried tofu is supposed to be crisp on the outside, warm and creamy on the inside, and dipped in a bit of broth. Shinju's was drowning in sauce, leaving the breading on the tofu gelatinous and impossible to eat with the rest of the dish. But affordable sushi places always leave something to be desired in their appetizers.
Brad's rating scale (out of 5):
Food: 4
Price: 5
Decor: 3
Service: 4
Wild card: Byob!Without a doubt, sushi has become a very popular dinner choice among Americans. There are dozens of sushi restaurants in Philadelphia. Some are good, but most are just okay. Some try to reel in diners with gimmicky rolls or fusion flavors from other cultures. Fat Salmon does a lot of things right and wrong. My friend Chris W and I liked the cool vibe of the restaurant. It looks like a lot of thought went into the decor. The special maki rolls are very unique and artistic. There's a lot to be said about chefs keeping with the Edo-style sushi traditions, but fushion sushi can be good, too. My Naked Gyoza, for example, was delicious. Who would've thought to combine Mexican pico de gallo salsa with spicy salmon on a fried crisp? Chris liked his Grilled Baby Octopus. I thought it needed a lot more octopus. Everything was just drowned in too much pungent sauce. The Fancy Sushi was good. I don't know why they mixed the panko crumbs with slivers of radish. The panko would've been better inside the roll. The Lipstick Trace was okay. Chris doesn't like cucumber and, unfortunately, the crunch of the cucumber was probably the one thing missing from this vegetarian roll. The Lobster Roll was a complete miss. The lobster was dry and had no flavor. Chris joked that it should've been cooked in butter. I was very disappointed with it. The Sea Urchin nigiri was very good. It tasted delicate and fresh, like "flowers from the ocean," as an old friend used to say. Perhaps the saving grace of all of the rolls was the Hako Roll, a square sushi made with eel and spicy tuna. It was tasty, well-balanced in all of its flavors - sweet and spicy, soft and crunchy - that I feel compelled to give it its own rating apart from my overall rating. Yes, my friends, the Naked Gyoza and the Hako Roll deserve five stars. If you go to Fat Salmon, these are my two yummy recommendations. Unfortunately, everything else ranged from bad to just okay.I was underwhelmed here... my rolls had a fair amount of rice to them, which is disappointing. I came during a pretty slow time for them (5pm) and the service was great.
I tried their lobster tempura roll (very good) and their spicy crunchy tuna and their Alaskan roll. Maybe I should have tried a special roll? Not sure. Either way, the restaurant is pretty small, so I can see how it gets incredibly crowded.This place is amazing! I've been here 4 or 5 times, had different special rolls, it's always been wonderful. Cool blue atmosphere and excellent service make this restaurant great! In addition, ladies room is clean and cute.Great atmosphere and amazing food.
The staff is always professional and well groomed. This is my favorite sushi place in Philadelphia.Atmosphere is really cool but they have some interesting things on the menu that you should definitely ask about before ordering them.This place has THE BEST SUSHI in town...no wonder it's always crowded!
TRY:
Deep fried tofu with broiled spicy scallop sauce - great appetizer for sharing
Pork katsu
ANY sushi or rolls - ALL of their ingredients are FRESH 
*Lunch specials 
SERVICE:
Good. 
AMBIANCE:
Date night. Girls night out.Stopped in solo for a quick snack. Had a pickled plum roll. It was good, but there could have been more pickled plum in it and less cucumber. I asked for spicy sauce on the side and was given a generous amount with no extra charge which I appreciate greatly.
The restaurant is small, intimate, quiet, clean and cozy-feeling, although I was privy to my neighbors' conversation a bit too much due to the close proximity, I think it was because it was midday and there were only the two of us in there. The service was fast, attentive and polite. I would come back again from the look of all the yummy maki, if I knew they did veggie-substitutions, since there were only a handful of veggie rolls on the menu, but I was too daydreamy to ask that day. 
Overall, a positive experience! I give kudos. :)Fun, hip sushi restaurant.  Great sushi and service.  This place had quite a line by the time we left.  I would recommend going as early as possible to get a seat because it's not a big place.Delicious delicious delicious!!!! My whole office is obsessed with this place. The lunch menu is a great deal and always fills me up. I salivate when I walk past this place even when I am full. The staff is always great, and timely with food. The lunches are packed neatly and they give you a dipping dish for soy sauce. Everything is so thoughtful but not overbearing. 
For dinner, try the sake sampler. It's reasonably priced and adds a nice kick to dinner time.Best sushi in Philly. I could eat 1000 spicy tuna rolls and be happy. The fish is always fresh and served perfectly. GO!!Fat Salmon is consistently one of the best sushi places in Philly (If not the best). If I want good sushi I go here. I've been to Japan and this is quite comparable, and the quality of the rolls is evident. I find their prices reasonable and I love the atmosphere of the place!Good taste, for both food and atmosphere. Foods here have good looking, as well as fancy names.One of the best sushi restaurants in Center City! The food was fresh and there was a variety of sushi dishes to choose from ; both traditional and original. Nice atmosphere; casual. Great place to bring a date!This is probably our favorite sushi in Philly (Vic Sushi is probably tied, but totally different ambience).  Everything is creative, fresh, and delicious. We've ordered for take-out and dined in - the real test of sushi is how it travels and this is great.Honestly, I was really disappointed in this restaurant. Considering the really high ratings, I expected some kickass sushi. Instead, the salmon avocado roll and sashimi I ordered tasted sub-par. Compared to Vic Sushi, which is my go-to for sushi in Philly, the fish didn't taste anywhere as fresh. Plus, I felt that I was cheated, because the menu didn't accurately state how many pieces of sashimi came with an order. As a result, I ended up ordering way more than I could finish, and I was basically upset that the waitress hadn't clarified that the menu wasn't accurate, even after I had asked her about how many pieces of sashimi each order came with. (Basically had to throw away $15 worth of sashimi I couldn't finish that night.) As much as I wanted to like this place, I unfortunately wouldn't consider coming here again.Our go to sushi place in the city - have tried other sushi restaurants but always end up coming back to fat salmon.  The highlights are their rolls, and, while their fish is excellent, they also have many veggie friendly options - in fact, my favorite roll is the old school (spicy mayo sauce is amazing!).  Overall, awesome place with friendly & efficient service.Ok so I'm hold right now for like 10 minutes it's 7:27 so the manager knows who was a hostess at that time. I can hear what's happening on the other line and the girls is not really busy. She's laughing etc... Why am I on hold I don't know. Food is great though. Get more professional people to work for youMy favorite since it was tiny Shinju.  Creative rolls, always fantastic.  Miss that it's not byob anymore, but I'll deal.I love the name. Only thing I dislike is that the service is sometimes a little pretentious, as is the decor (but at least that is nice to look at)..
The dessert, mango mochi icecream, was so good.. and the red bean tempura ice cream.. I loved it. I think next time, I'd probably ask them to lay off the chocolate drizzle though.
The M&M roll (marinated meat with oshinko, spicy crab stick) was good, but I felt that the meat was a little too rubbery/tough and that the fat could have been rendered more. Other than that, everything was delicious. Rock & Roll roll was really good. Definitely coming back to try the other unique special rolls (I'm really interested in the Miss Sake Bomb, Lost Rainbow, and Lava)My fiance and I came here for a late Valentine's Day celebration. We ordered the sushi and sashimi for one as well as a couple rolls. Everything was really delicious and at a really reasonable price point. The atmosphere was relaxed and really enjoyable. I look forward to coming back again!
We had Stuart as a waiter and even though it was really busy, he still gave us really awesome service.I loved this place! Great rolls that incorporate a lot of ingredients you don't typically find in sushi! Unique and delicious. Setting was a little loud for a date, but fun atmosphere for sure.If you can find a spot in this place of the size of a shoe box, consider yourself lucky. I had not been here for over a year an now that I went back I found some of the freshest sushi I have had in town (including S in Collingswood) for a very reasonable price. Excellent miso soup, not overly salted like in so many other places, super fresh salad with delicious ginger dressing, both complimentary. I had chirashi, including the shrimp, which is usually not my favorite in it, every bite of fish was really good. Same for my friends maki sampler. Only downside, there was no tamago in the bowl, which I think goes really well with chirashi, but hey.. It's byob and there is a great beer place right around the corner a 10th and Pine.
Now that I wrote the review, I am actually pretty regretful to tell everyone about it ... ;-)
Warning! Too small for big groups!Great place or fresh sushi. There was only one time the sashimi was stale, but it was towards closing time and figured it's only natural. Friendly service and cool atmosphere. It brings walnut street, this side of town, more interesting. Only wish they delivered!This was a fun place to go with a group of friends.  Had good rolls and good service!  Lots of variety in the rolls!  Some of the rolls were a little "interesting" which I stay away from.  Like things with fruit in them and such.  I expected it to be a little more "trendy" inside considering the name.  It wasn't super amazing, just regular average sushi.  Also had edemame for our group, which needed some salt.  I'll go back to try it again!  BYO!Fat Salmon is excellent! With lots of options for sushi while visiting Philly it's easy to get pointed to Marimoto or any of a number of other choices. I'm sure many of them are excellent but you will not be disappointed with Fat Salmon.
My coworker and I decided to go to Fat Salmon because they seemed to have a good number of special maki roll options. So, bear in mind that I was looking for a large number of interesting and flavorful maki rolls to try, as opposed to standard sushi or boutique, TV-hyped quality. When it comes to variety, Fat Salmon absolutely crushed the mark. I tried the rolling fire and super dragon rolls. There may be higher-grade sushi/maki out there, but Fat Salmon's rolls were delicious and good quality. 
Food was made quickly despite their being fairly busy during the dinner our. Staff were kind and courteous. Cool atmosphere to the place, great spot for a quick and casual dinner or date.  If I lived in Philly I would be in here all the time!LOVE this place. Probably best sushi place in philly! I always sit at the sushi bar, but if you want a table is definitely recommend a reservation since this place is always packed. Also, the rolls are affordable especially if you come in for lunch and get one of their specials. I WILL be coming back here.Just came back from dinner at Fat Salmon.  Ill start off by saying a really good place and I very much enjoyed it, and most importantly the food.
The decor is really cool.  I found it comforting.  The place is pretty small, consisting of all two person tables and a large bar seating area.  The tables are really close to eachother which I cant blame them on since it is small, and once you get over the initial awkwardness with being close to people you dont know it doesnt matter anymore.  Just google image "fat salmon philadelphia" if you wanna see the inside.
***definantly make a reservation*** ~~i went there today which is monday night and it was still completely full.  i didnt see anyone ever waiting but it was constantly full so i can only imagine what it would be like on a friday or saturday.  With my reservation we got seated immediately.
The service was kind of slow but not unbearable.  They filled the waters pretty quick but after that it took about 10 minutes for our waitress to come.  Then another 10 again after our drink order.  But it was ok because we spent most of the time looking at the menu.  The waitress was really nice, personable, and knowledgeable.  We had a few conversations with her and everyone just seemed overall pleasant.
Now to the food.  For starters we had the edamame.  I had no idea what it was, all i knew was that a lot of people like it.  When i came i was really disappointed to find out it was just soy beans with the pod covered in salt.  Nonetheless they were still fun to pick at.  It was 4.50 which wasnt bad.  I wouldnt recommend getting it at all though, I just find it a little pointless.
Between the both of us we got 5 rolls.  Ill put them in decending order of which i liked best:
~Rolling Fire: INCREDIBLE.  not only the best sushi i ever had, but also one of the best things ive ever put in my mouth.  A lot of people are concerned about its spice factor, but to me it wasnt that spicy.  Even if you dont like spice you NEED to get this.  it was incrediblleeeee.
~White Forest: Second favorite.  It was salmon tempura.  What made this so unique and great was the salsa-like-thing and sour cream on top.  The mixture of that with the tempura made your mouth go nuts.  definitely absolutely recommend.
~Hako: Third favorite.  The only reason i got this one was because all the reviews said it was incredible.  didnt live up to my expectations but was still good sushi.  dont let this deter you from getting it, just not as good as i expected.  gives you 8 pieces though which is nice.
~Dancing Vampire: Fourth.  Didnt really stand out to me but of course tasty.  It would have been great alone but compared to all these other incredible sushi on my plate it just didnt match up.  again, i dont recommend this one not because it was bad but there are other better things.
~Fancy Sushi: Eh, it was alright.  Expected it to be better.  The biggest downfall for me on this one was that it only came in 4 pieces.  Taste was good but out of the 5 we got to me it was the least impressive.
Dessert we got vanilla tempura ice cream.  ABSOLUTELY get this if you are getting dessert.  Actually even if you arent getting dessert.............get dessert....just so you can try this.
Overall it was a great experience and would go back any day.  Recommend completely.
-----------------------------FOUR MONTHS LATER------------------------------------------
So just went back tonight and loved it again and just had to write about it.   Originally I gave it 4 stars but after tonight it jumped to 5.  Ill just talk about the rolls.
This time we got rolling fire (had to get it again), white forest (she had to get that again), sepia pleasure, mr shiro, and lost rainbow.  Lost rainbow was GREAT.  to me better than white forest, everything worked so well.  Mr Shiro i was not that impressed.  The whole thing in your mouth tastes a scale of 6 on a 10 but you can taste something is off.  I tried the topping seperately....and thats what it was.  It was so fishy and dry I didnt like the top at all.  Yet the actual roll made it ok.  But atleast the roll was 8 pieces so that was ok.  Wouldn't recommend this one though.  Then lastly the surprise of the night was sepia pleasure.  Was not expecting this to be as good as it was.  It was surprisingly great.  Actually really great.  Third next to lost rainbow.  First is still rolling fire of course.
Then once again we got ice cream which was just as good this time.  GET IT.
also went to doma which i heard was another popular sushi rest in the city, personally thought this was better than domaAt fat salmon, my friend and I tried the combination handrolls, and several of their specialty rolls. The sushi would been otherwise delicious if it weren't for the very soggy rice they used.  They either added too much vinegar or used too much water when making the rice. I would try this place again to see if this is just a one time blooper.  Service was excellent, however.This place lives up to the hype. Cool, modern setup. Spicy mayo was spicier than I was used to, and that definitely amped up the fried tofu appetizer we ordered. Very impressed as a NYC native by the diverse and creative selection of special rolls. Visitor or not, definitely worth a shot if you're already around the area.I've been to Morimoto, Haru, Vics...all of which were very different and wonderful, but Fat Salmon, yes formerly known as Shinju is CHEAP and ranks up there with the top guns of Sushi in Philadelphia. 
I have been there 3 times since it has opened (BYOB until April I was told) and have tried about 16 of the rolls...(I realize I sound like a fatty) but my favorites were:
1. Fancy Sushi - really awesome roll, haven't had anything like it anywhere else. Basically a piece of salmon sashimi wrapped around sushi rice with spicy salmon on top laying on a bed of crunchies.
2. Salmon Yaki - I don't usually go for any cooked fish in my rolls, but this really was awesome with the eel sauce.
3. Spicy Scallop - always order it when I see it, definitely up to par here.
Rolls that looked awesome but really were not:
1. BCT - bacon and cream cheese, hard to go wrong here but not really what I hoping it would be....not enough BACON!
2. Rolling Fire - I was told this was too hot to handle for most people. They really got me excited. It was not hot. 
It's fresh and also does take out. I would make a reservation if I could. Every time I am there they are holding 4 or 5 tables in a 15 table place for people who eventually are suppose to come in. It's silly.Fat salmon is delish! Great sushi and you can order take out. Very bold and hip inside. I think it is an ocean themed wall?? I mostly do takeout since it is close to my work but we have done business lunches there. Vic is still the best in the city in my opinion but this is a close 2ndA super solid 4 start. Good quality food for a reasonable price. I love the ambiance inside. We had several different sushi tools and one was better then the other. I am definitely going back. The reason I gave 4 starts is there a lot of competition inPhiladelphia and I feel that you need to do something a bit more then expected to get a 5 start.This is a go to for sushi in the city.  Their lunch specials are superb and I love dinner as well. We have our usual orders for rolls but will switch up the special rolls because they all are great!
They don't use rice as fillers so the rolls are actually great quality.I just moved down to Philly not that long ago from NYC and I know good sushi when I eat it.
This was by far not the best but it was pretty damn good. 
Cool ambiance in the place with a large menu. I was pretty impressed by the sushi and the freshness.
Tuna sandwich rolls were great.
Frequented this place a few times and dont plan on stopping anytime soon