So I believe that all the people that are giving this place good reviews are high on crack/cocaine. The pizza is booty cheek. #philAwful. I ordered chicken souvlaki platter, which would normally come with at least tomatoes and lettuce on the gyro... this just came with AWFUL rubbery chicken thrown on top of a pita. The chicken tasted like it was previously cooked and heated up in the microwave. $13.97 down the drain.I went here two days ago and had the best BLT! The kind that has crispy bacon in every bite. The rye bread was toasted perfectly. The mayo was on point. The waitstaff were friendly and timely, in getting my order to me.
So today when I took my daughter there, it was like a different place. I sat and watched while a woman who had called in an order for a grilled cheese waited about an hour . Our food of pancakes(dry), an omelet ( pretty good)and home fries( bland and very white) took about 40 minutes. Then we were not told about the extra charge for the chocolate chips in my daughter's pancakes. That was fine but when I asked about the extra charge the waitress seemed, initially, to be clueless. Oh well. Then apparently a regular came in and was inquiring about her regular waitress, who knows how she orders . The waitress she had( taller with brownish hair--not the friendly with glasses) was like" I don't know where she is but she isn't here" in a very very snippy manner. A totally different experience on both days.Delivery took an hour an a half to go 3 mins down the road, showed up with half the order. Will never order from them again.This place is terrible. First the pizza is very greasy. Second, their delivery drivers are as lazy as they come and they aren't afraid to admit it. I live in a secure building and I ordered about 4 different times. Each time I gave the code to dial so I can let them into the building. Each time they call me saying they are at the back door and that I need to come out to get it because it's easier for them. I didn't realize the customer needed to make sure the driver is convinced.  Called each time to complain and the lady on the phone said it wouldn't happen again but it did each time. They don't really care about their customers. I would not order from this place unless you like terrible customer service and dripping greasy pizza.Horrible! You're better off at the gas station! Nothing here could possibly be handmade.  I can't get the taste of bad grease out of my mouth.They had a sign outside on the sidewalk advertising breakfast so me and the old lady decide to try it out.  Before we even ordered I knew I wasn't going to like the place.  The blond waitress chick (don't remember her name) came to the table and dropped off the menus without saying a word.  I thought that was odd and certainly indicative of crappy service.  She returned a second time to drop off the silverware and still said nothing.  I didn't say anything either just to emphasize the awkward silence but she didn't figure it out.
I ordered scrambled eggs and the wife ordered grits.  Big mistake.  This is not a southern joint.  After we ordered I could see the cook in the kitchen throwing this big bowl of grits in the microwave.It ended up tasting like crap and besides the sucky service there was nothing special about the food.  Maybe their pizza is better cuz breakfast damn sure ain't.I ordered two hoagies from Fiesta a few weeks ago and I have to say that they were pretty great. The rolls were really fresh and they were truly well built sandwiches. 
My second trip involved an overwhelming craving for cheese fries with bacon and ranch so I zipped over to Fiesta looking for satisfaction...I found it. The Fiesta fries are amazing and were just what I was looking for. 
Definitely looking forward to trying their pizza!I'm done with this restaurant first I tried a Greek salad years ago and today mushroom chesse steak and fries the food was ok and for $12 it should've been the best I've had smh if u like fair quality food and high price then it's 4 u lolTook over two hours for a delivery 3mins down the street. Showed up with only half the order. After I told him I was not accepting half the order the delivery guy cursed me out. Will never order from again.I love that you can order online and that they deliver! We actually didn't order pizza but I had a Buffalo Chicken Salad and my boyfriend had their wings. I thought the salad was ok. There were olives on the salad, which I loved, but they were heavy Greek olives with the pits still in them. I wasn't expecting that on a buffalo chicken salad. The wings included an ordering option for "extra crispy" which I thought was great, but they didn't come out as crispy as expected. The sauce was amazing, the flavor was good and the spice was just right. The wings were a good size as well. I know that my boyfriend gave the wings an A- and that is saying a lot! We will definitely order from them again!We take advantage of Fiesta's delivery service on weekends.  The wings are great as well as the greek salad, hoagie, and mozzarella sticks. They are always prompt and polite.  We will continue to order food from Fiesta.Fiesta Pizza is a cute little pizza shop in Chestnut Hill. The pizza was nothing special but the atmosphere was cute. This is a great place to meet a friend for lunch or to go to while shopping in Chestnut Hill.the crust is too thick and the sauce is not flavorful at all. It tastes like it came from a bargain can. Most likely I will not be ordering from here again. So much for trying new thingsI have been ordering from Fiesta for years now and lately it is always wrong.  You never seem to get what you ordered. It is becoming increasingly frustrating to the point that I no longer want to give order delivery from them.  The staff needs to do a better job of preparing the food.We keep trying to give this place a chance but whenever we call and order food to pick up or have delivered its ALWAYS wrong. Always. Don't get me wrong, the food is good, but there's a disconnect between the person taking the order and the people making it. "Wings, dry" the wings come with sauce in them. "We'd like the platter with french fries" no french fries. "Chicken fingers with honey mustard" no honey mustard but tons of BBQ sauce. It's ridiculous. They need to pay better attention.I've said it before (not on Yelp, of course, until now), this is the best pizza in Philadelphia. They make a very unique pie at Fiesta in Chestnut Hill. It's not a New York style, it's not a deep dish, it's not really like anything else in the pizza world at all. Their pizza has the best crust I have ever tasted, and the consistency of the dough is just right, not too soft, not too crisp, and full of flavor.
Dining room is no frills, and other items on the menu are just fine, but the Pizza is what really shines here. The cheese is high quality, not greasy, and they don't skimp on sauce either. There needs to be a perfect balance of sauce and cheese to make a good, consistent pie, and Fiesta gets that ratio just right.Good food, good variety, and a relaxed atmosphere.
I've been here for lunch a few times so far and everything that I've had has been tasty.  Their sandwiches (cheese steak, chicken cheese steak) are huge and delicious.  The soup that I had was very good and their other sandwiches are very good too.  Oh, and their lunch specials are a great deal!The food is quality, pizzas and hoagies/steaks will sate your appetite and do it without gastronomic regret.  Personally I think everything they make seems to be better represented elsewhere on Chestnut Hill's main drag.  If I worked near here I'd stop in for lunch every once in a while, other than that...meh.  Good atmosphere and great service.Ordered ~7:30 on a Saturday night and received our food in a timely manner. I have been searching for good takeout pizza since moving to Mt. Airy and I finally found it here; the grilled chicken & broccoli  and the buffalo chicken pizzas were really good.
Only problem with the order was the chicken steak that I ordered, specifically with no cheese (due to an allergy) came with cheese. I called to have a new one sent out and 40 minutes later I called again, they said it was on the way. When all was said and done it took them OVER AN HOUR to fix their mistake!Honestly, I like this place. I think Chestnut Hill needs a place like this. 
My thoughts for improvement are that the wait staff could be a bit more quick about filling up drinks. They are always friendly, but sometimes I have to stand up and ask for a refill which they always do happily. I think the decor is fun and friendly and definitely gets me in the diner feel, no changes needed there. Prices are reasonable on some items but way too high on others. I don't think it would feel right paying more than $12 for anything here. And even then, I'm looking for my meal here to be around $10 tops. 
Speaking of the menu, they have a ton of food here. It's a diner, so keep that in mind - adventure as much as you like :P.Greek food, Gyro especially is great. Pizza is ok. Calzones and Strombolis are great. Just be careful when ordering they get stuff wrong sometimes.I can't remember the last time they got an order right. They either forget the soda or they forget to put buffalo sauce on a buffalo chicken cheese steak. They said they'd make it right, but 2.5 hours later, I had to call GrubHub just to get a refund.I was disappointed by my shrimp primavera. The wine sauce was more like squash baby food and the only veggies it had in it were zucchini and 1 sweet pea pod (weird).  The shrimp were overcooked and tough. My husband said his ravioli were okay. Won't be back. I should've gotten the Greek food.We've tried plenty of local pizza places over the years, but Fiesta's is much better than the competition. The crust is just right--not too thick or thin--with a light, crisp bottom. Delicious sauce and real cheese. Reasonable prices, and they deliver.Had an awesome calzone but the search for good pizza in Philly is still on-going.  BYOB!Fiesta has the best Philly Cheesesteak Pizza!! Their chicken gyros are also really good! Fiesta is a great place in the neighborhhood to grab a bite to eat.I am not exaggerating when I say that the service is the worst of any place I have been.  Not that the wait staff is rude, but they are unbelievably slow and inattentive.  I go there for breakfast sometimes, but only when I am prepared to spend an hour and half to get bacon and eggs.  Note: this is not because they are crowded.  I am rarely there when more than three tables are occupied.  It is slow because they do not lift a finger to help you without being asked.  Empty coffee cup?  Watch while the waitress stands at the counter for 15...20...25 minutes.  Give it a try.  I promise you she will not fill your water or coffee until you specifically ask her, and then she will act surprised and put out.  An empty plate shoved to the side of the table?  To other wait staff, this might be a clue that you are ready for your check....but at Fiesta, if you want your check, you will have to work for it.  It is mind boggling to me the consistency with which these young waitresses at Fiesta are clueless.  When I go there, I take my laptop so I can get some work done, because I know I will be there awhile.  The funny thing is that I would give them ridiculously large tips if they would just make sure that my coffee and water was refilled in under 10 minutes.  Is it really that hard?  Alas...This is a great go-to place for cheap and decent food.  We normally do delivery or pickup, but the one time we ate in, the staff was very kind, in a bored, college kid sort of way.  Also, if you order online, they do a 10% discount.FIesta Pizza consistently leaves off portions of delivery orders. Tonight, they delivered my order, and the chicken strips were missing from my chicken strip platter. The CHICKEN STRIPS. Literally the most expensive part. My fiance called the restaurant, and a nice woman apologized and said they would send the missing food (that we had already paid for) to our apartment as soon as possible. A few minutes later, however, a man called from the restaurant and asked my fiance if the chicken strips were really missing. Like he would lie about that. He finally agreed to send over new chicken strips, after much discussion, and said it would take over 30 minutes. We live less than a 5 minute drive from the restaurant. After threatening to dispute the credit card charges, he said they would refund the money for the chicken strip platter. However, now I have no dinner. We can probably do better at Mario's in the future.My family and I used to go to Fiest quite a bit since we live in the area.  I've always found it a little bit dirty and much prefer Cosimos, however my husband was a real fan....until we were eating there recently and a ROACH crawled across the seat behind my two-year-old.  All of us were totally disgusted and left immediately.  I think Fiest could be nice local pizza joint if the management made more of an effort to keep the place clean.When I was a tween/ early teen, feista was THE hangout spot for the bored and underworked youth of Chestnut Hill. The food was never amazing, but there was an irreplacable ambiance that just made it the perfect spot to hang out with friends. It was a place that was casual without feeling trashy, and the service was fast without feeling hurried. I am proud to say that almost literally nothing has changed in the past 10 years. 
The fries remain crispy, golden-brown, and delicious. The pizza is still cheesy, consistently fluffy, and still good a day later. The wait staff might not have had much turnover in the time, as I swear I can still recognize waitresses who served there circa 2003. I love the freedom of selecting a drink from the cooler instead of ordering from the fountain but realistically that might just be nostalgia and novelty that make that anything resembling a meaningful different experience. Against all odds, the place still feels vaguely familial even after such a prolonged hiatus.
Fiesta will always hold a special place in my heart, so take this review with a grain of salt. If you are someone who has grown apart from this Chestnut Hill staple, take heart in knowing that just like an ex you see again after years apart; you will always maintain a certain familiarity because not much (if anything) has changed.Average neighborhood pizza joint, nothing more, nothing less.  If you're looking for something cheap that will satisfy your hunger, this is where it's at.I've had better frozen pizza than the pizza here. There are much better pizza places in the area than to waste your time & money with Fiesta PizzaI used to go here regularly for breakfast but stopped about a year ago because service was so bad. They were very slow to take your order and often got it wrong. So today I went back to give it another try. After 10 minutes of waiting to place an order I left. Tow wait staff were hanging out in the back, completely inattentive to the customers.I will NEVER order from Fiesta again. I waited well over an hour for a BURNT, cold, hard pizza and they forgot to include the bottle of ginger ale I ordered. When I called they offered to take 20% off and send a new pizza. Thanks but for what I received, I should've received a full refund. To add insult to injury, when they delivered the new pizza, they asked for the burnt pie back as if I was lying or something. The fresh pizza tasted like frozen pizza. This is my first and last time ordering from Fiesta. Save your time and money and order from some place else.Was a little cautious in ordering pasta dishes from a pizza shop. When the Baked Ziti Bolognese arrived within 30 minutes from me ordering online, I was very impressed. The order is enough for two people and was fresh, tasty and came with a yummy role and side salad.
For the price point and convenience.... this is a Five Star decision.I have ordered from Fiesta Pizza for several years.  This was the first time that I had such a bad experience.  I had a pizza delivery and soda.  But the driver didn't bring the soda.  I called back and the waitress said that the delivery man would bring the soda back out about 90 minutes later no soda.  The manager who would not give his name said that the driver came back but said no one would come to the door.  I told the manager that it was mighty strange that the house appearance did not change and that i did not want the man to ever come back.  He said that he would void the $2.00 for the soda.  I told him that I expected him to voice the entire sale and that's when he said, "Oh you expect to eat for free".  I told him no I expected to be compensated for such poor customer service.  I pray that this will never be your experience and that this behavior is not representative of the service towards other customers.  However, it was my experience today,I remember on the weekends when I was 10,  having friends over to play Goldeneye on the N64 and ordering at least two pizzas from Fiesta.  I love, love love their pizza.  The crust is great, the cheese is melty, the toppings plentiful.  I know they have an extensive menu but I only ever order pizza.  Nothing beats a traditional plain pizza.  I can easily put away an entire large if I do not watch myself. I will continue to order my pizza from Fiesta until I can pass on this gem to my children.We were in Chestnut Hills for the weekend for potter fest. We settled on pizza based on the kids choice. The crowds were crazy and lines were long and bathroom was out of order. 
However the pizza was good and the waitress really did turn this experience around.  She was making the best out of the crazy crowds and this is a wonderful person to have on staff!!! 
Most of our complaints  (minus the out of order bathroom) were really not the restaurants fault so we would stop here again.I've been here plenty of times, the only thing I order is the gyro. I really think that they make a good gyro for the place it is. They have an extensive menu but I've never really tried anything else. Parking is sometime difficult as it is in chestnut hill.Just took some friends here two weeks ago and it wasn't bad. First time I'd been there since I was 11 or 12. I don't think much has changed.
We had a lot of fried things of which the fiesta fries (fries with bacon, mozz, and ranch) were the best. Being full of fried things I called it quits after one slice of the pizza, but it was okay. Not outstanding but not bad either. 
The waitress was really friendly and it was nice to get in out of the cold. I'm sure I'll be back.
And I always feel like I have to say this when I give 3 stars, 3 stars is perfectly fine! It's just that pizza places rarely dazzle.Went back here with a friend because he wanted an inexpensive salad, which he ate. I however ordered a cheese steak with fried onions and sauce. It was terrible, horrible, abysmal, a sad excuse for "food". I forgot how bad the place is.Ordering pizza from this Fiesta location was not a great experience.  It was a Friday night, so they were busy.  My friend had gone to pick up the pizza and brought it to the nearby park where we were going to eat while our dogs played.  She didn't look at the pizza when she picked it up (but I don't think I've ever checked to be sure I've gotten the right pizza -- who wants to let it get cold by opening the box?)  Anyway, it wasn't the right pizza -- normally that wouldn't have been such a big deal, but this one had spicy sauce and no cheese (for the record, I enjoy spicy food and vegan food, but this wasn't what we ordered and my friend thought it was gross.  I didn't try it).  My friend called to politely let them know and they said that they would deliver the right pizza to us at the park.  2 hours and lots of phone calls later, we did finally get the correct pizza (although the driver tried to charge us again).  But they lied to us, saying that the pizza was on its way when it was not, and they were kind of rude about the whole thing.  The driver and manager said that they tried calling us but none of those calls ever came through (and my friend's phone was working -- we used it to call them).  The pizza tasted fine, but was nothing special, and definitely not worth the trouble.Just moved back to Philly after 8 years and ordered my first steak sandwich with sauce and onions. I was VERY disappointed in the quality of the steak from Fiesta. Too bad, because they had no customers and my food came to me cool, lukewarm at best, and it was flavorless. I went home, since I live within walking distance now and promptly toasted the whole sandwich in my toaster oven then seasoned it with salt and pepper. If it wasn't for that jalapeño mustard I had on hand from the soft pretzel shop I would have really been out of luck.I have been going here for 10+ years. It's been going downhill for some time now. Just ordered online and picked up a cheese steak and some fries to go. The CH roll is soggy with no crunch. The meat was eh ok, shrooms and FO were ok, the prov cheese was in there but tasteless. 
The fries were terrible, soft and soggy with no crunch. The requested ketchup (it's a check box in the online order form) was missing.
Last time at Fiesta for me.Hold on I just vomited in my mouth.  Chicken that smelled like bleach.  But that was two years ago.  Have eaten from them maybe 75 times mostly take out.  60% of the time wrong order and upsetting.  I had to go in person to get my money back.  Worth a try but it is a gamble, But one of the only games in town.I am reluctant to write a review because I love that they are never super busy and I can always get a table.  But I must give credit where credit is due.  This place is a high quality diner with pizza.  The breakfast is good, the dinner is amazing.  Go for the Greek specialties like the gyro platter or chicken slovaki.  Both of them could feed 2 people.The pizza is priced nicely and tastes good. Unfortunately, tonight I ordered a dozen hot wings to pick up and take home after a long day at work, and upon getting home and getting comfy with a movie and the wings, it appears that someone poured most of the blue cheese out of the container and never refilled my container or put a new one in my wing box... there's even blue cheese around the rim and the lid has been placed over it. The container is less than half full and contains only about one Tablespoon of blue cheese. One dozen wings : one TB blue cheese : $13+ total. I called the shop and the lady I spoke with told me she was sorry and that she doubts someone poured the blue cheese out of the container and that it probably just tipped sideways in the car. It didn't. I held the package on my lap on our drive home. I told her it appears that it had been poured out especially since most of the blue cheese is gone from the container! She apologized again and didn't offer any consolation. I asked her if there were any drivers going out, she said no. I asked her what could be done about it, she said she had to ask. Whoever she asked said that next time I order they will give me extra blue cheese. (Um, how will that help this situation?? I'm supposed to just eat twice as much blue cheese next time?!) I told her that won't help this situation. She said she was sorry and said she would make a note to give me extra next time. (Ugh.) I told her I will be leaving a review, as this whole situation is unacceptable. She then said they would make a note to give me $2 off my next order. (Gee, thanks for correcting the issue...?!)  It was insanely frustrating and in the end my boyfriend went to the grocery store so we could finally enjoy the wings we ordered WITH actual blue cheese. A hassle. A ridiculous "fix" to the issue. Not a happy customer.This may be my favorite of the Chestnut Hill pizza restaurants.  As someone told me when I first moved here, either you love Fiesta Pizza or you hate it.  I really enjoy it myself.  I can definitely understand why people do say that.  It's not your traditional pizza.  They don't put a ton of sauce, the pizzas are on the small side, and the crust is more flat, but very tasty.  Recommend the Hawaiian pizza.  Really good ingredients and tons of flavor.  The ham, pineapple, and cheese are amazing together.  They have a great selection of specialty pizzas and a variety of additional toppings. They also have some really good wings here.  If you haven't found a local pizza place you like, give this a try.  It may be just the different touch you're looking for.I spent all my high school days in this joint, hanging out with my friends after school, or on friday nights,  trying to figure out how to get our hands on some forties so we could go drink them on the tracks by Chestnut Hill Station, but content to eat cheese fries and spinach pie in the meantime.
I love this place.
Full on french fries, I often was the one to go get the forties.  It's weird.  I'm 33 now and I still get carded.  I must have looked like a kindergartener at 17.  I think the french fries gave me confidence.Steaks are pretty good but they don't fill the bun. Frozen french fries and processed onion rings.Fiesta Pizza is a mini-chain of three pizza shops located in University City, Roxborough, and Chestnut Hill respectively.  They all also serve up many Greek dishes.  This is not exceptional gourmet pizza or Greek haute cuisine but it is consistently decent and reliable.  Most of its business always appears to be takeout but there is an attractive eat-in area in the Chestnut Hill branch.  But I was here for one reason.  I saw a photo uploaded by fellow Yelper Michael P. of pizza fries which I had never heard of or tried before and I noticed Fiesta Pizza had them on their menu.  So I took out an order and tried them.  They were indeed very tasty and very,very filling.  Between the fries and pizza toppings I probably lost a day or two off the end of my life. Pizza fries (or any loaded fries) are not something I will eat very often but now I know what they are .... and Fiesta Pizza's version of them tasted fine to me!Fiesta is an old-fashioned neighborhoody Pizza/Greek place. It is certainly nothing fancy, and I wasn't impressed by the friendliness of the service, but the food was fine. So, not a destination, but if you need to eat, you'll probably do fine here. BTW, they don't do slices, only whole pies.Come. On. We all know what good pizza is by now. Doesn't matter if you're doing NY style, Neapolitan, New Haven, Detroit, or even Greek style, which is by far the worst style and I think it's what Fiesta III is going for, but it's still a poor example. 
Dough is similar to styrofoam in taste and appearance--come on! Make that shit fresh and get a good char on it!
It's like ownership has never watched the Food Network before! Just do the right thing--house made ingredients, fresh toppings, not depressing lighting, not putting 3 slices of American cheese on top of $4 (supposedly) green salad, cut down the menu options, put a personality into the biz, etc, etc, etc, COME ON!First off let me say the food is great. I've ordered from here 4 times in the past couple weeks but today's order didn't go so well.
I was put on hold five times and the woman hung up on me when I asked to speak to a manager. She was rude and when I finally spoke to the manager he took up for her saying that they were really busy. In my opinion that's no reason to hang up on people. I will not be ordering from here again. I wanted that food so bad smh Pizza Hut it is :)The adults thought the pizza was horrible. The kids enjoyed it. The wings were underdone, but a couple of minutes in the microwave made them safe to eat. Actually, I preferred this to the overcooked, drowned in hot sauce wings we've had from other places. An extra star for the quick delivery. We advocate for small local businesses and will try other menu items, but probably won't be ordering a whole pizza from Fiesta again.I really like the sausage Stromboli, but they never have the Italian sausage to make it. Not sure why they keep it on the menu. No matter what time of day or year they don't have it anymore. You call and order it and 10 minutes later they call back and say they can't. Would be easier to just drive another 10 minutes to the other Fiesta, who somehow always have it available.The size of the menu makes Fiesta unlike any of the other pizza places around. The wings are awesome... And so is the pizza, of course! Both service and delivery are quick and the staff is very friendly.Finally Fiesta takes credit cards!!!    Good pizza, fast delivery, well worth it if you are in the area.Had a late lunch there this week.  Place had a nice homey feel. Waitress was really sweet. Ordered a pizza and knew it would take a while, so ordered some hummus and pitas to have something to gnaw on.  As I feared, the hummus was delivered with the pizza, which ruined the appetizer aspect.  However, the hummus seemed homemade, and the warmed pitas were better than most.
Pizza had a thin sturdy shell, which I really like, and the cheese was of good quality. The edge crust was a little strange, but tasted like the dough had a little egg in it, which is interesting.  
Prices were reasonable.  For what it was -- a quick lunch stop -- it was quite alright.  I'll probably stop back next November when I go to Penzey's again to refresh my spice rack.Let's start by addressing this name. Fiesta? Fiesta.  Says it all. Not Italian. Not authentic. Not good.I will NEVER return here. When we arrived (party of 2) we were the only customers in the restaurant. My friend ordered pizza and I ordered shrimp alfredo. My Alfredo took 45 minutes to arrive at the table. My friend had already received and eaten his pizza by the time my food was delivered. 3 other parties came in and ordered and all received their food before I did. When I asked about my food, I was told "it's being cooked right now." The alfredo was terrible. There was no seasoning and the sauce was thin like milk. Even adding salt, pepper, and cheese couldn't make it better. Half of the shrimp were cooked with lemon and half were just (over) sautéed and rubbery. Even the salad was strange. It was served with a slice of cheese on top. When I told the server that the food wasn't great, she just walked away. I have never had such a bad dining experience.Updated Review:
I decided to give them another try, as some time has passed and again, we got home late from working all day and we were famished. Upon ordering a pizza, I ordered 12 hot wings and asked the lady placing my order to make sure they include a full container of blue cheese, and I told her about my last order. She assured me that it wouldn't happen again and they would include a full container of blue cheese. My boyfriend picked up the order, asking the man at the register if they included the blue cheese and he was told yes. Once he got into the car he checked the package only to find that they didn't include ANY blue cheese. He went back to the door, but it was locked. He knocked and the man at the register looked at him and ignored him. I called and asked to talk to a manager. The manager I spoke with is named Dari. I know this because he spelled it out for me.  I explained the issue including what happened with my previous order. The manager told me to hold on while he checked with the cooks.  The cooks told him they put it in the bag. ugh.  He told me to hold again and then told me he checked and they don't have any blue cheese at all, so he doesn't know why the cooks told him they did. I asked Dari what could be done about it. He told me that he doesn't know because they don't have any blue cheese to give me.  I responded "you should know that in the food industry you can't allow items like that to run out." Dari got angry, though he still hadn't tried to fix the issue.  He told me he would give me half off the next time I ordered wings.  I said, "This has happened to me 2x now and I've learned my lesson! The last time this happened they told me they would give me extra blue cheese with my next order to make up for it, even though it wouldn't actually do anything to fix the situation. I'm tired of this happening to me!" He followed that up with, "We'll give you extra blue cheese the next time you order."  FOR REAL. I simply cannot understand how this type of thing can happen repeatedly. I told Dari, "I gave you my money.  I placed an order and explained that there was an issue the last time I ordered and I was assured it wouldn't happen.  I would NOT have ordered the wings if I had known you wouldn't be able to fulfill the order fully!  Is there another manager I can speak with, or maybe the owner?  Can you give me the email address or contact info for the owner so I can speak directly to him?"  He started yelling and told me that he's not going to give me any info for the owner and if I want to talk to the owner I have to go through him.  He also included that he (Dari) is 50 years old and he shouldn't have to put up with me.  He told me that he just offered to give me wings for free the next time (which is NOT what he said) and that he can't help if they ran out of blue cheese.  He continued to yell while I stood there with the phone on speaker shocked at his attitude...  Then Dari hung up on me. All I wanted was sincere apology, sincere CARE for me as a customer.  This has happened to me twice now, and if I've been treated like this by the manager, then it has to be happening to others, as well.  
Also, the $2 credit was never applied.The food is decent here. I've had the gyros and wings. The service is okay. It depends on who is working. Some of the staff aren't very professional, but they are young.I placed an order online and it actually arrived to the minute! 
For ~$33.00 (minus tip and delivery fee), I got broccoli bites (generous portion), a large slice of spanakopita, pasta primavera (with a buttered roll and salad).
Delivery guy was prompt and polite, even during a rainstorm. 
I LOVE Fiesta!Fiesta pizza the III? Well, unlike X-Men or the third Matrix movie, Fiesta 3 does NOT suck. The texture is nice and crispy, sauce is a bit sweet and the cheese is never lacking. One of the better spots to go to in Chestnut Hill...plus it has a cute little dining area that will typically be showing the Phillies. #NiceSo this is a really mixed bag kind of place.  First, and foremost, we had a party of 5 for lunch here, and the food was very good.  Everyone ordered something different (pizza, steak sandwich, spanokopita, greek wrap, and ceaser salad), and everyone liked what they got.  And I appreciated that they had quite a selection from which to choose - they have a very extensive menu.  On the downside, the service was really bad.  Now, granted, it was very busy, I'll give them that.  But they need to do a better job of taking care of their customers.  Our waitress brought forks, and mentioned that she would be back with knives.  She never did.  Had to get up and find knives.  Our food came out piecemeal - first 2 dishes, then another 2, and then we had to remind her about the 5th entree.  The 5th entree finally was served after everyone else was done eating.  Made lunch that much longer.  They also never came by to check on beverages, or to see how our food was.  And like I said, it was busy, and there were a fair number of people waiting for tables to open up, so it was harder to move around in there, but there were still just 15-16 tables that needed service.  They needed to take care of the customers, and the faster & better that they can do that, the faster the tables turnover, and new customers can sit down.  But the food was very good, so if we are in the area again, might give them another try.  Maybe it was just a fluke that the service was so bad this visit.On Monday February 5, I ordered 2 cheesesteaks from Fiesta III. We picked it up.  After my 3rd bite I found something in my teeth. I pulled out what I first thought was a piece of hair but upon inspection found it to be a thin sprip of plastic wrap. Just then, my husband found the same thing in his sandwich. when I opened it up I could see large swirls of this plastic wrap throughout the sandwich. I felt sick.
I called the restaurant and asked for the manager. When I told him, he said he couldn't understand how it happened because his meat does come wrapped in plastic. ( I never said I thought it was from the meat). He said he would make us new ones. seeing as it was late and we were starving we went along with that. My husband took the steaks back. The manager said it was from the steak and he would be talking to his supplier. he never offered to refund our purchase. You can be sure we will NEVER go here again.I grabbed take-out from Fiesta a little after normal dinner time on a Friday night. It was very crowded and we waited about twenty minutes for all of our food to arrive (a friend's stromboli held us up). It did take long enough that we got worried and asked the servers what was going on, but the food came out shortly afterward.
I wasn't in the mood for pizza, so I ordered chicken fingers and fries (the child that I am). I did not expect the chicken to be the size of small breasts (instead of teeny tenders), so I couldn't even finish the crispy deliciousness because I got too full. The fries were okay-- but I always find thick-cut fries to be a little too starchy. Overall, a decent place to recharge after a night in Chestnut Hill.I ordered a chicken cheesteak sandwich last night for my Son and I and it was the worst sandwich I have ever tasted.  Could not eat it !My husband and I order delivery from here allll of the time. It's perfect because he loves pizza and I do not, and this is a local pizza place with a huge menu so we can both find something we love. He of course gets the pizza, but I'm a sucker for the tzatziki which I'm sure I just spelled wrong. We've never once had a bad experience with the food, the delivery, anything. It's great food, big menu, and fast service. Woot!!Have been ordering food from here for years unfortunately this will be my last order! I ordered 12 buffalo wings These people gave me 10 drumsticks and two flats. I called to ask why would they do that and the self proclaimed manager/supervisor  Sarah S. Was rude! Didn't even attempt the try and rectify the issue. When I requested to give her the wings back for a refund she went on some tirade about needing to contact slice..  utterly disappointed in the individuals fiesta chose to employ, Sarah S lacks standard customer services skills. Good bye fiesta.Shhhh... Breakfast. FIesta Pizza is open for breakfast and it's good. Simple, nothing beyond diner staples- eggs, pancakes etc. The coffee is good and the atmosphere is casual. It's never too busy or crowded. A great kept breakfast secret.  And probably the best value for breakfast on the hill.Ordered the fiesta fries and chicken fingers and was extremely disappointed! The fries were overcooked and dry and no ranch came along with it. The chicken fingers were pretty good... probably won't order from here again.I am exactly 0.2 miles away which is a 6 min walk.. probably more like a 4 min walk.. for me (I'm a self proclaimed.. fast walker). 
I ordered this pizza through the app Slice. It was my first time using the app, super easy. 
I ordered their fiesta pizza..it comes with a lot of different toppings.. see photo. 
My pizza was sitting under the hot lamp for awhile before delivery. 
Here's what happened: 
*Ordered pizza on app: 9:15pm
*Fiesta got the order: 9:30 according to rude delivery guy and my ticket
*Estimated time was 45-60 mins 
*Spoke with fiesta: 9:29
Here's what I find odd....
My ticket says 9:30pm but when I spoke with her at 9:29, my pizza was already in the oven. (I called to add hot pepper flakes on the side and she informed me that the pizza was already in the oven)
Pizza arrived: 10:24pm 
So from 9:15 to 10:24 
Knowing my pizza was in the oven at 9:29 and the fact that I'm literally "6 mins away" by foot... it really bothers me... clearly. 
Once again, I'm 4 to 6 mins away.. on foot. My daughter was taking a bath, otherwise I would have walked and grabbed it myself. 
The lack or respect for your customers and overall just crappy pizza has my mind blow right now. 
The women literally told me that just because my pizza was made 45 mins prior, doesn't mean that it's cold. They like to keep them under the lamp before delivery. That's fine and all, I understand. I just think 30 mins is a little crazy to be under a lamp or in warmer. 
Gross. No thank you.I was a longtime customer of this Fiesta location going on years until Friday 8/31/12.  On that day, I purchased a tuna antipasto salad with achovies, a pizza and some chicken fingers.  When I arrived to pick up and pay for my food, my order was incomplete, but I didn't know it until I arrived home.  Missing were sauces that I'd asked for to accompany my chicken fingers.  I thought it was bad enough that I had to go back to the restaurant to get the anchovies that I'd requested when I first ordered the salad.
That night I ate only half of the tuna antipasto salad and the following day became terribly ill, throwing up everywhere, unable to keep anything on my stomach.  I didn't correlate my illness with the salad and attributed it to a "bug" that might've been going around.  On Labor Day, I ate the remainder of the salad and got sick AGAIN.  Same symptoms/reaction as two days before.  On Wed. 9/5/12 I decided to call this Fiesta Pizza location and give them a head's up as to the fact that I got sick and why.  After I recounted this incident to the girl who answered the phone at about 1:30p that afternoon, her first response was, simply, "Okay."  Clearly, she was ready to hang up, but sensed (I guess) that I wasn't and so she asked if I wanted to speak with the manager.  I told her, "Yes".  From that point on, I was placed on hold.  The manager NEVER came to the phone and I held for about 2-3 mins.  The only reason why I hung up was to go to Jefferson University Hospital to be seen by my physician about this illness.
That said, Fiesta Pizza III (Chestnut Hill) is no longer my Friday night "go-to" place to eat in or take out.  Further, as a long-time customer, I feel I should've been treated better than the way I was treated on 9/5/12.I work in Chestnut Hill, and its hard for me to afford lunch in this vicinity. I normally bring lunch to work everyday, but one day last week I wanted to treat myself to something different, and I thought of getting something from Fiesta 2 blocks from work. So I bought a Pita-Pizza, and I had it once before about 2 years ago, and I was so disappointed. The pizza was no more than the entire area of one of my hands, and it was tasteless. I felt like they made it without any care, and I was still hunger until I went home to make my dinner. I'm sorry to say, to most of the Chestnut Hill restaurants that are overrated and overprice your food just is not that great. Thats why many I know who work in the area bring there own lunch. So to Fiesta I do not expect for you to be a 5-Star Restaurant, but at least serve what is suppose to be your specialty in the very best manner humanly possible.