The BEST hoagie you will find in the area....check out the Torresdale hoagie...Excellent. ..OMG only the best sandwiches in the entire city.  They're bread is amazing and the veggie hoagie are way beyond anything i ever thought i would like.  They really blow it out of the water. Plus,  if they cater,  for a really great price you get macaroni and potato salad and cookies with plates and everything else you might need.  They're really full service. Plus Dennis, the owner, is a Vet and all around good guy.Great hoagies. Fresh seeded long roll, olive spread, crumbled sharp provolone, and many different kinds of hoagies including several originals named after neighborhoods in Philly. My last sandwich there was a little lite on meat but I hope it was an off day. My only caveat is hours are limited (I think they're only open a couple hours everyday, close at 5 pm?), generally not open on weekends, and delivery usually takes about an hour. I've had it happen to me and a friend separately where an order is placed near closing time and the order's messed up when delivered and can't be fixed cause the store's closed.When i was 11 my Grandmother would cart us around the city looking for the best sandwiches that would accompany an afternoon at the pool.  I never thought that years later, i would be writing a review of the best hoagie joint in the city, Fink's.
i don't know where they get their food or their bread from, but it certainly is quite delicious.  
its a family owned/operated business in my neighborhood that i will forever be loyal to, thanks Finks for making my day..Finks hoagies are DELISH I love the veggie and the torresdale the best!!! Their Mac & Pot salad are so good too! Just used them to cater a party and they give you so much food! We got wings off of them too which were delish, but I wasn't a fan of the Cajun they were kinda boring but the mild was great! I'll use them for parties in the future as wellThis is hands down one of the best hoagie shops in the city. Luckily for me, it's right in my neighborhood!
The best sandwich here is the Italian hoagie with their famous olive spread. It's what I get almost every time I visit. They are also the best around for hoagie trays. They offer HUGE trays with a great variety of flavors at a very fair price. 
This is really just a take out place. Call ahead to place your order and then go pick it up.Solid hoagie. Stopped in while picking up parts in the city. Looked up shops in the area and Fink's popped up. Good Philly style hoagies at a great price, with great service. What more could you ask for?Friendly and clean. Hoagies were delicious. We ordered the Frankford and a corned beef. The seeded roll and the meats were fresh. We enjoyed the homemade potato salad. Looking forward to trying more hoagies. Yum!The sandwiches are good. The potato and macaroni salad needs work. We ordered party trays for our job's Christmas luncheon. We received one container, small, of sweet peppers, hot peppers, mayo and pickles. That is not enough and Finks should have know better. We did get enough tomatoes and onions.
Also, i voted for them for Philly's finest contest. If you voted, you were entitled to a free hoagie. No where in the email was a mention of an expiration date. I went to get my free hoagie, i was informed that the promotion ended when the voting ended.
YOU SHOULD MENTION THAT WHEN YOU SEND THE EMAIL ASKING ME TO VOTE FOR YOUR STORE.BEST HOAGIES IN THE LAND!! I go here once a week, EVERY WEEK! Sometimes I get the seeded loaf sometimes I don't but the quality of the hoagie remains the same!!If you want a hoagie that is just perfect you have to go to finks.  Hey don't overload the sandwiches where it's disgusting.   They use top meats and cheeses and it's so good.  I have weekly cravings for their italian.  Do yourself a favor and eat there you won't be disappointed     Great service tooThe value of their hoagie tray is unbeatable. This is my second time ordering their trays, I shopped around a lot my first time and found this to be the best deal. After realizing the food is as amazing as the price this is now my go to spot. For 5.50 a person you get amazing hoagies and potato and macaroni salad (which are equally as amazing as the hoagies). When I picked up the trays I got to meet the owner and he seems like a pretty cool guy.This place hoagies is always on point. They have fast delivery. I wish they opened everyday.I'm astonished to see they only have 4 stars. This place is clean and has the best hoagies in town. The rolls are extremely fresh as well as the meat. The roasted hot peppers are delicious. I hope this place doesn't move from my neighborhood.Finks is definitely a place to check out if you are in Tacony looking for a good hoagie. They have a great selections and not afraid to alter their options to fit your needs. 
Everyone is very friendly. There is a reason they won best sandwich. 
The only downside is that they are not open more hours.I used them for my 40th Birthday party.  I ordered 2 10 person trays.  It was a ton of food!  They give you loads of sides and all the little touches, like napkins and forks, that other places don't bother with (Primo's, I'm talking to you!) The hoagies were beyond delicious. It was evident that they use fresh veggies, not canned.  The veggies hoagie is amazing!  I will 100% use them again for catering and I'll go there for dinner.  This place rocks!!Hands down, best hoagies in Philadelphia. Staff is friendly, service is quick and portions are enormous! The rolls are to die for, I also recommend the macaroni salad. I haven't found one better. Oh and no matter what sandwich you order, be sure to get the sharp provolone....you won't regret it!I ordered for a lunch meeting and it was PERFECT.  I work in Fishtown. We are ordering again for our meeting tomorrow.The hoagie I had was great (Tacony), but their hours SUCK!! First of all they're not open for dinner hours. Even worse, my coworkers and I wanted to order lunch and when we called to order, they were already closed....at 11am!!Top notch Hoagies in Northeast Philadelphia! The Best Original Italian hoagie by far . Also, it is a family owned business and the hoagies are always neat and freshly made every time I order . Highly recommend.It's that time again to write a review...
I had a hoagie the  other day from fink's let me say I was very disappointed  my hoagie roll was very hard and the lettuce was so wet I could surf on it and the tomatoes was so big I could use it as a liferaft sorry to give you a bad review but I was very disappointed in my Italian hoagie... I give you two thumbs downFink's is one of many reasons I'm constantly 30 lbs. overweight. Been here plenty of times  and enjoyed each. Something about Fink rounding my order down to a dollar amount (instead of charging say $8.50 he'll charge you $8.) makes me feel special. Only complaint is the unreliable hours and if I'm not mistaken they only make party trays on Mondays and Tuesdays and take no single hoagie orders a little strange but it makes me look forward to Wednesday.I heard so many great things about this place. We've even tried to go twice and they were closed because they had run out of their rolls for the day. I got one of their specialty sandwiches it was good but it was not great. The bread was actually chewy and not what I've come to expect of Philadelphia bread. I would go back but the hype I've had betterFinks has the best hoagies around! They're salads are pretty darn good too. Their mac salad tastes just like my moms. 
The staff is great, food is great, and the owner is great.. what more could you ask for?It took me a while to make a YELP account but I had to make one to review this place as my first. I went to Fink's Hoagie Shop a couple weeks ago and got their Signature Sandwich which is basically your classic Italian Hoagie. First off, I'm generally not a Hoagie eater... I know, shocking words for Philadelphians to hear... but I was in the mood for one this particular hot summer day and a cold Italian Hoagie sounded like just what I needed. And it was. In fact, I could eat a hoagie any day if they were all this good. Great fresh bread (which is why they sometimes run out of it as I have been told and would not complain about it as some do) and the ingredients were also some of the freshest I've had as far as lunch-meats and veggies go. I ordered mine with the hot peppers which complemented to the delicious fetta cheese and added even more flavor to this delicious hoagie. I ordered a half which would have been plenty of food but was so happy when I actually received a whole (whether this was on accident or if they were just being nice on this not-so-busy day) and was able to share the second half with my friend visiting from New York City the next day. He also said it was an amazing sandwich and was bummed when he found out they were located all the way up in Tacony, a neighborhood in NE Philly, as I live in Center City. 
Besides the hoagie itself, the people there were so friendly and the owner especially was one of the kindest men I've met since working in the area. Don't miss out on a conversation with him while eating at the cozy counter in their shop right off of Torresdale Avenue. Worth a stop on the way home when driving through. I can't wait to go back and try some of their more eccentric hoagie combinations!A little hard to find, a little hard to park, but well worththe effort.  The people are great, the service is fast.  Only order so many rolls so we ordered the day before.  This was the hottest original italian I ever had.  Fresh asparagus etc. Onthe sandwiches is great.  Potato salad was nice and chunky.  They even gave me a little price break for getting six and callingahead.Fink's has great hoagies.  Been living in Tacony about 3 years and it's one of my favorite neighborhood spots.  Their Italian hoagie is as good as it gets, and they get high marks for their specialty hoagies also....the Tacony is a standout, with delicious lean roast beef, roasted asaragus spears, crumbled dry provolone and balsamic.  Yum.  My only wish is that they would go to Sarcones rolls, something a little crustier.  But their bread is nonetheless very good and the sandwiches are fantastic.  BTW, the negative review sounds like pure sour grapes to me, their kitchen is wide open and clean as can be.Best sandwiches ever! The owner is a hoot! Now that there are two locations the city has twice the opportunity to partake in fresh and delicious goodness on a roll! I have been eating here for over 10 years and they are just as good as the first time!! They surpass the hype!Love this place. Love the King & love his Kingdom. Actually live in his Kingdom. Bought a hoagie try 6/6 for my sons B-Day. Can't say enough how good it was. Had it ready for pick up before they opened (as we requested). Thank you!! The tray was amazingly good. Def. try the original Italian. The King uses mostly Dietz & Watson meats can't go wrong there (#1 in the industry). U get 10lbs each of homemade Pot & Mac salad to boot, plates spoons, forks & mints. The King truly has u covered. I will be back there soon, next time I'll post some photos.LOVE LOVE LOVE Finks!!  I have been visiting with them for about two years now, after being a target of their very unique marketing strategy.  I had received a letter in the mail - stamped, typed full letter, explaining Fink's history, business, and awards.  Of course I was intrigued, my house is littered with full color menus every day when I get home, I have to try a hoagie from an owner who "personally" mailed me an invitation!  
The first hoagie I got was not for me - it was the italian hoagie, and although the meats and bread were delicious, I didn't care for the olive spread and the peppers were too hot.  Every time I've ordered since I have asked to hold the olive spread and the peppers (with some gentle ribbing from the owner on being a sissy!), and it's exactly what I'm looking for!
When my work was looking for a caterer for an event, I suggested Finks - the prices are more than reasonable, the menu offerings are unique, and I'm supporting a veteran-owned business - win on all sides.  We ended up using Fink to cater at least 4 - 6 events a year - we could get guests to attend these events just by mentioned "we are ordering sandwiches from that place again"!!  
Sure, Fink's runs out of bread almost every day, as some reviewers point out.  If I call at 2pm, it's a 50/50 chance I'll get to eat that day.  For me that can't be a negative - because they run out every day, I know that what I'm eating from there is fresh THAT DAY, a quality standard you definitely can't match with a lot of businesses!
Ultimately, the food is delicious (and cheap!!), the owner is very accommodating, and if you are looking to cater an event, they really can't be beat.  Very strongly recommended!!Seen this place online, stopped on a road trip since it was near.  Was worth the side trip.  Open early on Sunday morning.There's a few things about Finks that are remarkable, and those would be...
-the fact that they deliver well beyond what you think their borders would be. 
-their sammies are stuffed! 
-they contain the freshest ingredients. 
-they pay great attention to detail, wrapping each sammy individually, complete with a mint for each customer. 
We ordered Hoagies for a casual family party. They came highly recommend by my brother after he tasted them at his work party. 
In order to have them delivered, we were told you need to call first thing in the morning. And so we did. We all checked out the menu online and chose our sammies. They have classics hoagies you would expect as well as unique varieties named for local neighborhoods. Salads, sides, and homemade chili too. It proved to be a great choice for our fam of pescatarians, vegetarians and vegans alike. 
Tuna, turkey, gourmet veggie, Italian, mixed cheese, The Tacony (roast beef and asparagus) were what the crew ordered and like very much! Everyone raved about the cheese which comes crumbled here. 
I personally had the gourmet veggie which contained Roasted Eggplant, Mushrooms, Asparagus, Fresh Baby Leaf Spinach, Tomatoes, Onions, Roasted Sweet Peppers, Oil/Vinegar, Special Seasonings. It was ordered sans cheese and is a great choice for vegans! It was quite tasty. Big hunks of mushrooms and the perfect blend of crunchy fresh and roasted veggies. To me veggie hoagies can sometimes be a tad bitter and even dry or too oily. I did not have that issue here at all. Perfectly balanced. The filling was rather incredible and perhaps my favorite veggie hoagie to date. My issue however lies with the roll. It was big, fresh and seeded, but lacked a crunch that I so desire. I'm going to go ahead and give them a pass because it did sit around 3 hours before we actually ate them so I'm not sure if it lost some crispness. I will say that the leftover half I had that toasted for a few minutes was amazing Ana just the way I wanted! 
For the roll and the cringe worthy, unnecessary use of styrofoam I have to knock a star off. Other than that, pretty solid. 
I would definitely recommend them for party trays although I would have them slice them up and plate on a platter next time instead of the styrofoam.
We'll be back for sure.These guys do it right. A Veteran owned family business who have won many awards for their sandwiches. The hoagies are Amazing. They have different variations named after the surrounding neighborhoods. In the heart of Tacony you will not be disappointed in a stop here. I would definitely suggest these tasty sandwiches to anyone.Holy cow! I lived in Castor Gardens almost my entire life and never knew about this place until recently! 
BEST hoagies I have ever had. Words cannot describe how good this place is. You have to try to to believe it. 
They're so accommodating too! The first time I tried Fink's was at my Bridal Shower. My Maid of Honor suggested Fink's for sandwiches for my shower. My mom placed the order and my MOH went o pick it up the day of the shower. The opened just for us! They're not usually opened on Sunday's I guess - or at least not as early as they were that day, but they were waiting for her to come pick up the trays and then they closed up behind her! That's serious work ethic right there. So many places now days would just say "Nope, not open" but not Fink's. They went out of their way to make sure we had our hoagie trays for the party. And EVERYONE thought they were DELICIOUS! 
What a wonderful place!Have to love all the hoagies here at Fink's!  Besides your regular American, ham & cheese, roast beef, etc., Fink's offers named hoagies from all over the City which are even better.
I've also used them for catering and they are the most professional with getting everything to you on time and ready to go.  Roast beef, meatballs, etc. are extremely good.  They also "make their own" macaroni and potato salad which are just ok to me.
I wish I could eat hoagies all the time but I can't, so I don't come here too often.  I'd get a hoagie with just long hots and sharp provolone if I could everyday.  My stomach would be fighting me, though.
My only gripe about this super hoagie restaurant is they sell Pepsi, not Coke.  Yuck!I've been there multiple times and by 2 the bread is always sold out! That's says a lot about the bread company. I simply stated on FB order more bread and I was backlashed by finks this is poor customer service. I will never give them my business. I'll stick with Jacks hoagies where the bread is better and the staff is friendly.Best hoagies around! There are no others that could possibly compare to them.  While most of these reviews tell of their awesome take out food, I'm raving about their catering!
We recently had FINKS cater a birthday party for us. We were thrilled with the trays of hoagies. They weren't soggy or in any disarray. They were absolutely delicious and made exactly how we wanted them, down to no tomato. The macaroni salad trays were AMAZING and now I'm addicted. I dream about that macaroni salad. The potato salad was perfect.  All in all a wonderful experience for first time catering customers. Friendly employees, professional and helpful. 5 stars for finks!Tried the veggie hoagie on a friends recommendation and thought it was pretty good. Went back a second time... the asparagus in sandwich was spoiled and the tuna was definitely not white meat as stated on menu. Never returned and probably won't.Best hogie's in philly.. i moved 3 hours away and my boy bring me some up everytime. Very nice family.. n people who work there..I live in the suburbs but make time to go to Finks! Everyone is always so friendly. The cubano is amazing! Finks should always be #1 when thinking about a hoagie or party trays! Lots of delicious sandwiches that someone creates!They ordered sandwiches for the office from here. Hands down one of the best Italian Hoagies I've ever had. Highly recommendedI ate half and saved the other half for later and when I put the other half back in the box a single tear fell from my eye and hit the box. That's the level of Devine perfection finks delivers to your tastebuds. I have never written a review before this but had to now. Went 4 times and have never gotten the same hoagie. I want to meet this Fink and shake his hand. -T. Ian PottsThe best hoagies around! The staff is great! Especially the girl who takes orders and has been there since he opened! Owner is awesome !!One of the best hoagie shops in the city! Whenever I'm in the northeast I always make sure I stop in. You should too!!Without a doubt the best VEGGIE HOAGIE in the city. Take this tip. rap this Veggie in aluminum wrap and toast it . out of this
 world in taste. you won't reqret it.Forget about any other hoagie place. I am 80 years old, lifetime Philly resident, have tried them all. Fink's is NUMBER ONE! He was harassed recently by the city bureaucracy and shut down for a couple days for his staff allegedly not wearing masks, even though Fink's surveillance cameras proved that his workers were all wearing masks when the inspector was there. She obviously had a personal axe to grind. That aside, this place rocks!!! The hoagies are so fresh and tasty. Homemade potato salad and macaroni salad are the BEST! And how they keep the prices so low is a miracle. Who else has delicious hoagies packed with great edibles for $6.48? It is unbelievable! On top of that, owner Dennis Fink is a warm, big-hearted guy, and his son, who works there, is a chip off the old block. And if you are having a party, you have to get their "A Taste of Philly!" A ton of divine food for $7 a person! That's not a misprint. Are you kidding me? And they deliver 7 days a week. What more do you want?  No matter what it takes, go to Fink's or have it delivered. You will be glad you did!Where to begin; this place has great reviews. So wanted to give it a try for my Family Christmas get together yesterday (12/21/19). What an amazing experience and food. I placed my order in person for cheesesteak party tray and hoagie trays. The owner took my order and he speaks to you in a way that you feel like you've known him forever. I loved him; even his customers that came in it was like everyone was friends. I called to check on my order and the lady who answered the phone was even nice. So the owner helped me place my order when I told him the # of people and he helped with what kind of hoagies. They also deliver!!! So I didn't have to leave my house that morning to run around. The driver was 10 minutes early that was awesome and he was nice, chatted with my husband about sports we helped unload and we where set up in no time. You get everything you need, EVERYTHING. From your food, (FYI rolls are precut!!) to your sides to snacks to your plates, napkins, serving utensils, forks, spoons, knives, condiments and EVEN MINTS!  This would totally be your loss if you did not use them for your next party or get together. I'm already thinking of what can we have next at my house so I can use Fink's again. FYI I added two pictures but it doesn't do it much justice; in person was 100 times better.Food is horrible and the kitchen is filthy.  Avoid at all costs!
Not sour grapes.  Had a really bad experience.  Its nice to see someone else had better luck but still scared to go back.There's a reason Fink's is the King! Hoagies are excellent and so is the potato salad and Mac salad. Extremely affordable and always friendly. We got a party tray to feed 10 and it was more than enough. Choice of 4 hoagies and 3 pounds each of potato and Mac salad plus all the condiments you could ever need. All for 62 bucks! Highly recommend them for your catering needs and even just for a great sandwich!! Thanks Fink's!!This place is a gem and always awesome . I just realized they are delivering now which I was so used to picking up didn't know.  The quality is amazing and there prices are unbeatable you get such an amazing portion for such a fair price. This place is and has always been a neighborhood gem and now with all this covid stuff has steeped up for its  patrons. Try there stuff if you haven't and order more to support a local business that truly shows it patrons what a small business should be.Such a solid spot for a hoagie.  I thoroughly enjoyed their Original Italian.  Fresh seeded roll, packed with generous portions of lunch meat.  The olive spread was awesome.  Long hots were hot but not too hot.  Fink himself is the best!So I haven't been to Fink's in quite some time. Last time they were still up the street at the old shop. Upon arrival there were 3 people ahead of me. It seemed strange to me that there was only 1 person making Hoagies, especially during the lunch rush. First and foremost I know the owner is a retired Marine, that being said, he shop isn't very clean. I expected more in the cleanliness aspect. 
I ordered an American Hoagie no onions on a plain roll. They had to check to see if there were any rolls left. Really? This is a hoagie shop. It took forever! roughly 20 minutes or so for one sandwich. I know this is lame but I love the container they come in. It's keeps everything upright and neat. The mint is also a nice touch.
The hoagie itself left a lot to be desired. It was just okay, nothing special and there is nothing I can really say was really good. I don't see what all of the hype is. The roll was honestly the best part. It wasn't bad but it wasn't the best I've had. Mediocre at best. There are a limited selection of chips and they only have bottled water. Seriously? I love a nice Coca Cola or iced tea with a hoagie. Nope not here. I know the soda tax is the easy excuse but it's getting old.  
The lady working the register was very nice and the prices are fair. Parking was a bit tough for me. I would not return. 2-3 starsFink's Hoagies are the best in Philadelphia. Yes, the hoagies are absolutely delicious, but there's much more to it than that.
Behind the counter sat Mr. Fink as my friend's and I came in to pick up a few party trays. He immediately welcomed us with a big smile and chatted us up. As we talked about my weekend trip back home to Philly from NYC, he pointed to a drawing of himself wearing a crown on his head and said, "I heard the owner of this place is an ***hole." He picked up his crown perched over in the corner and placed it on his head and suggested taking a picture. We took a picture, I asked if they take tips -- they didn't --  and left. 
Mr. Fink is a Veteran, and Fink's Hoagies is owned and operated by him and his family. It's a small business that works hard to supply Philadelphians with the best hoagies around. This was my first time meeting Dennis Fink, but if you've never met him, you'll know him as soon as you walk in the door. He's your neighbor, your uncle, your basketball coach -- a genuine, decent person who has a knack for making your day in only a few minutes. There's a selflessness, warmth, pride, and self-deprecation that exists when you walk in the door (or order delivery) that makes Philadelphia (and Fink's) such a special place that franchises in the area will never be able to fulfill. 
And once you try their hoagies, you'll immediately wonder why you thought about ordering from anywhere else.
I've never posted a review on Yelp, but felt compelled to do so this time around. Instead of opting for a Wawa hoagie, the official hoagie of the Baltimore Ravens, go to Fink's.Fink's Hoagies is the best hoagie place in all of Philadelphia and Pennsylvania and the tri-state area and possibly even the East Coast. Torresdale Hoagie Is by far amazing and I order it every Friday while I'm at work because thinks offers an amazing work special where you can get a hoagie and a soda and a water and a bag of chips for seven dollars if you get 10 or more people at your work to order some amazing deal for the best flavor and combination of different style hoagies. Seeded Rolls Provide such a soft bread that when consuming the actual hoagie you're not consumed with too much bread it's there as a delicious taste that accentuates the flavors of the actual meat inside the hoagie combination that you choose. Fink's Hoagies does an amazing catering option and typically we always do them three times a year for different parties that we host as a business community. The prices are generous the owner is a veteran and an amazing human being who is very humble and supports his community a true Philadelphia hero that I am proud to eat every time at his establishment because he puts his heart in every hoagie that comes out with his name on it and it's amazing every time! Real deal! delicious fabulous fulfilling full size real deal true Philadelphian hoagies. Fink's Hoagies is a must try before you die!!!. True OGs know about Fink's.It looks like the owner hired better workers and really got things back on track. 
This was my 1st visit back here in about 3 years. (Bad experience last time... but that was then, no point in going into detail)
Our hoagies were really damn good... that olive spread is amazing. If you've never had it, give it a try sometime. Or perhaps they put that on every hoagie ?? Who knows... either way, try it out. 
The potato salad (as mentioned in another review) definitely needs improving though. Pretty bland and flavorless in my opinion. 
Bottom line-4 Stars. 
Glad we gave this place another try. 
Can't wait to go back.My daughter and her fiancé had my Grandson Jacks 1st birthday this past Saturday at a hall. We ordered hoagie trays for 35 people and it was supposed to be delivered at 12 noon. The food was never delivered and after numerous frantic attempts to call them and after  45 minutes  of waiting, we decided to go to a local deli  and buy the food so we could feed our guests. We received a call back from Finks at 7 pm that night only to be told we changed the date and were blamed for the mishap! We tried to tell him we were at the party and had nothing planned for sept, but he was adamant that  it was not their fault...  But truth be told, if I was planning another party or read this review, I wouldn't call them for the catering simply because they can't be trusted to come through... It was very nerve wracking knowing the guests were arriving and sitting there and we didn't have the food to feed them ! The man on the phone had no customer service skills and was very rude and obnoxious. So I guess the reviews about how wonderful it is at Finks are because nothing went wrong with those customers. I work in customer service and have never treated a customer this way.... I can't write a review about their food, I never got to taste it, lolToday, I ate the Torresdale Hoagie for lunch and it was DELICIOUS. Imagine thinly sliced roast pork, fresh spinach leaves, crumbled provolone cheese, long hots, and roasted garlic lightly coated with a creamy garlic sauce. Tangy, sweet, savory, and spicy -- take away the bread, and this sandwich could stand alone as its own entree! My mouth was still happily buzzing from the garlic and long hots an hour later. 
An added bonus: The owner gave me a "lucky coin" with Fink's slogan and a penny in the center. I sure felt lucky as I ate my delicious hoagie. 
If you make your way to Fink's, be sure to try the Torresdale!Excellent hoagies and the owner and employees are efficient and friendly! 
Will definitely return.Used to have these hoagies at work when a coworker brought in the trays.  In the neighborhood  and stopped in for a American Hoagie on a seeded roll and it was as fresh and delicious as I remembered.  I also got the potato salad and macaroni salad.  The best!  Happy to support a family business - especially one that I saw today give a big discount to the local firehouse.  I'll be back!Fink's is amazing clean and friendly. A closedown is BS. Likely an overpaid bureaucrat looking for an Annie Oakley. This inspector probably lives in filthy squalor. Go figure.Dennis is super friendly. The shop is super clean, The staff are abuzz, shuffling from station to station. The prices are super reasonable. Maybe you'll consider opening a shop in the Bay area. Fat Freddy would enjoy it!
HHI don't get here much since I'm no longer in the area, but it used come here frequently and I've been known to still make special trips to Fink's.  Hoagies are inexpensive and some of the specialty sandwiches are excellent.   Only problem is the hours:  Closed most Sundays (except during Eagles season, even then it's order ahead).  Also closed Monday-Tuesdays.I talked to the owner when I made the order for my moms memorial reception. He was very kind helpful and understanding. The order was delivered on time the day of the event. Everything was delicious and in ample amount. Couldn't have asked for better food or service. Definitely will be recommending them to friends and family in the future. If your looking for quality food and great service look no further cause your not going to find it. They made a hard day a little but easier for my whole family!