My 2nd Saturday visit here and this is what I've come to a conclusion about Finnegan's Wake.
What crappy joint of this caliber still charges cover? I mean, I pay the same here as I would in Old City but out there I'd get open bar with it. $4.50 for a Coors light, special, seriously Finnegans? 
Is that hardcore tatted rocker singing a Michelle Branch song? I guess you gotta give props to the guy if he can switch from rapping Biggie lyrics to singing Lady Gaga in perfect harmony. 
I give it an extra star because of the horny single mid 30s careered women who love coming out and cougaring on us young professionals.This is a crazy big bar. They have live music often and there is always a big crowd. Some times a little to much a bitchy college girl/meat head scene, but for the most part not bad. I suggest hanging out on the top floor, it's a little quieter. I did leave my credit card for an open tab there once and they held it for me and didn't even include a mandatory tip. I appreciate that.I came here once on a weekend for drinks.  I guess it was alright.  The bar down in the deep dark basement, was lame.  TONS of weird girls standing around looking at each other dirty, go upstairs, they had a great band playing, but way too crowded.  You get stepped on, your drinks get spilled, and everyone is oblivious to the fact you are now rocking a blood blister on one of your toes, because they stepped on you with their flintstone feet, but no worries! when you spilled your drink the alcohol probably sanitized it!  
Couple days ago I actually came here for lunch, who knew they served lunch?!  It sucked that's why. THAT'S why no one knew!!  My brother who had the pizza burger and have eaten here before said no matter how you order your burger it always tastes like a chunk of charcoal.  BURNT charcoal for that matter.  So I'm still pondering as to why he asked to meet me for lunch at this specific location again.  Our friend Harry had the fish and chips.  He said it was good, but the fish looked a little over fried.  I had the shepherds pie.  Dry mash potatoes on top of grease anyone?  Apparently the oven was broken, so I had to do without the bread bowl I was looking forward to , BUT they managed to toast the rolls that came with my meal.  I wonder how they toasted my rolls with a  broken oven?  Yes questions to ponder.  Oh.. And our waitress sucked.So happy that this place may be closing for good. GOOD RIDDANCEThe bouncers are extremely rude at this place. One of the bouncers tried to tell me that my ID was fake because he was too blind to see the hologram. He had me wait outside in the cold until he finished checking everyone else's ID just to tell me he never said my ID was fake. Finally after being allowed in, a second bouncer tried to question my intelligence asking me if I had a brain. Extremely rude and disrespectful. I would strongly discourage people from going to this bar.Finnigans was my old stomping ground for when I was 23 and going back to visit should have a disclosure attached to it. Finnigans is the perfect hot spot if either of these apply to you:
You are 21-25
You are looking to dance and party 
You are prepared to fight through crowds of people
You are single or okay with getting grinded on
You are ready to stand in a line to use the bathroom
You like cover bands
You are showing up before 11 pm, otherwise you may wait in a long line
You are a bachelorette 
You are an amateur drinker
You have cash for the cover charge
That pretty much sums it all up. Having fun depends on your personality and how much you're willing to put up with. The coat check line is a breed of animal that no one can deal with---1 am and there was one elderly lady gathering every coat that walked in the bar. Ugh...really?!? That lady killed my buzz. See ya next lifetime, Finnigans because my old stomping ground is better off as a memory.
Honorable Mentions:
McFaddens is next store if you decide to leave.
There are 3 floors to Finnigans. 
It is easy to flag a cab. 
The drinks are on the weaker side of things so PRE-GAME, kids.1.5 stars.
It's big. It's plain. It has a stage. It reminds me of the bars I went to when I was in college. The downstairs has good hip-hop music but everyone stays on the main floor and "rocks out" to whatever band is playing there. At least the drinks are cheap (ordered 2 pineapple vodkas & a miller for $9).An awesome bar, with a lot of character, that's always a fun place to hang. Live music every Monday and Saturday nights :)i mean, it's just not my style.  i like danceable music and mixed drinks, but i try to remain objective.  if you like college crowds, live bands, and beer, this is a great place for you.I hate this place and I'll never go back there.
On St. Patrick's day I went there, just after match day 2013, and was dancing with some other people who similarly were almost finished with medical school and had matched into a residency program.  Well, around 9PM, one of the bouncer's got the idea that I was drunk, and I'll admit I was buzzed. He decided to kick me out.  I told him I would leave in peace just let me gather my things. No, apparently that was too much to ask.
He started dragging me from one end of the bar to the other. He wouldn't let me simply close my tab and grab my $189 dollar jacket. We get to the shady back door, where there is a stoop and six steps. I was literally thrown down the stairs. I landed on my hands and I was okay. So I started asking them to please just let me return inside to grab my jacket and my debit card because I had no money otherwise. No that was not possible. Okay so can you get it for me? "NO, I'm not doing anything for you!"  They kept saying "do you want us to call the cops?" I said "go ahead!"   I should have called them myself.
Finally, after thirty minutes of this back and forth, being pushed around by these assholes and yelled at by them and by the manager, I gave up and ended up walking home over a mile because I couldn't get a cab with no credit card. And it was freezing out and I had no jacket. I returned there two or three times in the following days and never did get my jacket or my card back. Even met one of the owners one time and he didn't do anything for me.
I'll never return to this place. The bouncers are total douche-bags, the manager is an asshole, and even the owners suck. It wasn't even that fun. I advise you to steer clear of this poop hole.I have one of my favorite memories here...my husband got me tickets to see Live at Penn's Landing...I got out of work at like 3:00 p.m. that Friday, he met me there...the show didn't start until like 7:00 p.m. or something so we hung out in this empty, sticky floored place for hours.  The bartenders were sampling the DeKupyer shot mixes and gave us free shots of different kinds, the food was typical pub grub, everything arrived promptly, no glass was empty for a moment too long.  We're not terribly cool, so I've never been here when it's been packed, but when it's quiet and laid back, a solid place for drinking Miller Lite and having a burger without much glitz.This is my 3rd time here and trying to dig it. I usually like smaller bars if I go to one, but we will see. The music is all over the place and the crowd is kinda hmm don't know..hopefully I will change my mind by the end of the night.Listen Bro,
I know we seem to strike out every time we go to Finnigan's but that's cuz those UPenn girls with the Mardi Gras beads are stuck up. Even after you tried to buy them those Jager shots, they still wouldn't mack on you bro. So we ended up heading back to the frat to watch Boondock Saints again, and that was cool, but I know you really wanted to lay some hot sorority chick that night, and I failed you as a wing man.
But bro, I'm telling you, my friend has this rad 311 cover band that's playing there this weekend. So put down the XBOX controller, put on your favorite Rugby shirt, and let's just have a chill night. I hear they have Miller specials tonight. And I'll totally be your wing man if you want to hit on that hot chick with the tiara and the fake tan. What do you say, bro?
Bro? Hey, where you goin, bro?No. No. No. 
I can't do this, I'm sorry something about FW really bothers me. Every time it is suggested I suggest any other bar, in the world. Something about the whole feel of the place just gives me this longing to be anywhere else. The last time we ended up here was because my bf's friend swore it would be awesome. But from the door I could see the following, 1. a sausage fest 2. a band playing covers from the 90s. Without telling him I grabbed my portion of the party and headed over to Silk City. Why would you come all the way to Spring Garden and go to a place you hate? why not go somewhere you can have a legitimately fun time? after about 5 minutes of being in Silk City the entire group of friends showed up there because AFTER they paid the cover at FW they realized how lame it was, and headed over to SC also. Not to say I told you so, but I told you so.one of the worst experiences i've ever had at a bar. the staff at the door were some of the rudest, most obnoxious, and disrespectful i have ever encountered as an of age, paying customer. the main bouncer called me a b*****, taunted my friends, and even took id's away from others trying to get in who were 23 years old. there are no redeeming qualities about this bar. DO NOT GO HERE.I used to hate Finnigan's Wake with a passion back before the smoking ban in Philly because it was dark, so smoky you could barely see, sweaty, and full of pushy guys of the type that I wouldn't ever give my number to in a million years.  However, I've been there about three times in the last year, and I know think it's okay.  First, there's no smoking, so I can both breathe and see inside, even though it's still a dark cave (almost literally in the basement level bar).  It's still a meat market, and the main level gets so loud that you can forget about having a conversation.  The bands are local, so some are good, and some just play really loud with the intention to making people deaf so they can't tell how bad the band is.  Still, I've had fun here.  My friends and I usually go to the top floor, where it's more brightly lit and less crowded, so it's easier to get a beer (which are cheap and plentiful) and, as a woman, I don't have to wait in line forever in the restroom.  The downstairs bathrooms are mobbed.  Also, you can still hear and see the bands from upstairs, but it's not quite so loud, and there is usually a place to sit up there.
Still, don't expect an authentic Irish experience at Finnigan's, either if you go for dinner or for drinks.  This is just a big, huge, slightly tacky night spot for college kids and 20-somethings who don't want to pay a lot to get drunk and dance.  Also, I'm not a huge fan of James Joyce, so, while the bar's name probably wins points with some people, I'm not thrilled.  Also, there's a weird Mary statue in the back stairwell from the downstairs bar heading up to the upstairs bar.  It's sort of weird.
In all, though, this is a good place to go with a huge gang of your friends to drink, dance, and have your eardrums blown out.  While I tend to prefer classier places, I do admit to going here on occasion, and I'll probably go back sometime soon.  
FYI: Be careful when you park.  Spring Garden is a bit dicey, but what I mean is - read the signs on the parking meters.  I parked there around 10:30 p.m. once and still got a parking ticket.  I think the meters across the street are the only ones in the city that you have to put coins in after 6 p.m., and I seriously think that the parking weirdness is intended to get money out of the Finnigan's patrons by the evil empire known as the Parking Authority.  So pay attention when you park.Saw a mouse scurry across the floor while dining. Waitress said she hoped she doesn't see it!  Ouch.  You decide.For a Friday night happy hour, Finnegan's Wake is not half-bad.
Otherwise, it's just ok. While I was in college, this was the place 90% of the 21+ crowd went on Friday nights because $10 for open bar and free food is just too-good a deal. Although, the new "only one cup for the whole night" rule is an awful (and gross) idea.
If you get there early to snag a table and bring your friends, this is a great spot to start out a cheap night on the town. Not too fun if you're with a small group as it can get very crowded very fast.Although I wasn't a huge fan of Finnigans I am not going to bash it like everyone else on here. Finnigans works for the crowd they are attracting - and from what I see on here, that isn't the typical 'Yelper'. 
I stopped by there on a Saturday night at around midnight and I only stayed for about 15 minutes. A $5 cover wasn't too bad considering they had a band. There is multiple floors with a bar on each one. I went to the 2nd floor where a cover band was finishing up what sounded like a perfect cover of a DMB song. Like I said before, I am not a DMB fan but if i WAS, this place would be my heaven. The one majot downfall is that the place was packed so much you honesty could barely even walk across the crowd. Now for the people in the crowd. The things written here on yelp are pretty consistent with what I saw. You see a lot of the cliche college/stuck in college mode people. I also noticed about 4 different bachelorette parties roaming around (hate to lower myself to insults but Finnigans for a bachelorette party? Come on you can give her a last send-off better than that!)
That pretty much sums it up. I give it a average ranking of 3. It looses one star for how packed it gets but it gains that star back by the amount of eye candy there.Kind of rundown, cheap drinks, live bands, decent DJs, and a lotta tail.
Too bad I never went there single. 
LOLGreat bands on the weekends!! Can get very crowded but always a good time!!This is the Jersiest place this side of Jersey.
You could don your favorite Nets Jersey, rocking out to Bon Jovi while sitting in your leased 'Stang while an underpaid minority pumps your gas for you, and you still wouldn't be as Jersey as this place.Wow. Finnigan's Wake. It's been years since I've been here, but I feel pretty confident that I'd probably dislike it just as much now as I did back then.
This is one of those places that, if it's what you're looking for, probably is fine. That is, if you're under the age of 23 and don't mind running the risk of being hit by a projectile, whether it be a beer bottle or some kind of bodily fluid.
Normally I'd blame this on my being old and such, but, really, even when I was in my early 20's I tried my hardest to avoid this place.
Even if you just wanna get sloppy drunk in a loud environment and stumble home with an attractive (or not so attractive, as the case may be) companion for the night, there are definitely better options.I went here with 10 other people and had a great time. Bartenders were pleasant. This is an average party bar.i enjoy the live music here and karaoke nights...  once mad the kitchen closed at 10pm lol, was super hungry.... but a few beers and im set to enjoy myself.Cool bartenders... but the cash cover was pretty lame this saturday,.. thursday was no cover.I went on a Tuesday because I have heard great things about it.  It was pretty average for a Tuesday, nobody there pretty quiet.  The Irish music was excellent, the food was ok, the service was fine.  I guess I'll have to get back on a weekend.- very much a college bar
- offers live music and/or a DJ depending on the day and hour
- closes at 2am
- accommodating staff
- drink specials throughout the eveningIf you are interested in the college crowd, drunk chicks who can barely stand, a bar that smells like vomit, young guys who think they can dance but really can't, patches of drinks spilled all over the floor and pay a cover charge to get in then I have found your place! 
For me, no thanks. It was awesome and I mean tremendously awesome people watching. Entertaining to say the least. One and done. No other reason to ever go back.Redeeming qualities?  Sometimes there's an OK band playing.  The food pretty much qualifies as fried bar food.  
I'm a guy and the guys here creep even me out.  Holy hell.  I've seen a group of 21 year olds celebrating a 21st b-day and being swarmed by guys in the late-30s (or older!).  This makes for a very awkward experience, especially if you have a sig other being grinded on by a horde of men old enough to be her father.  Let's say that if the place were not so packed, many punches would be thrown.  
Average drink prices and Guiness on tap.WOW! DON'T GO HERE! I went to see some bands tonight at Finnigan's "Whack" and it was a bad experience. The bartender was pouring the draft beers for about 5 seconds into the drain before she would pour the beer into the glass. She knew that the lines haven't been cleaned in a long time. I was drinking the PBR cans, and the tops of the cans smelled like straight up vomit. It was disgusting. Then my hands smelled like it all night. There were about 10 people I was with and all of our beers smelled like vomit, Bud Light bottles included. Either the coolers are full of bacteria or someone puked on the cans and they just hosed em off or something. It was pretty raunchy and they should be ashamed for serving such trash as we're paying $3-5 a beer. I came home and washed my hands of that place. John Taffer would be ripping that owner a new a-hole. I wish I could rate this dump 0 stars, but I can't. So they get one star, because the bands in the basement rocked my face off. Don't waste your time in this hole.For some reason I feel like the drinks here are super expensive.
It is a cool bar to go to because there are about 4 different rooms (that means 4 different bars) and the whole place is pretty big. So usually you can get to the bar and order your drink in under 5 minutes (not like the crowded CC bars). There are live bands most nights, but the crowd is a little weird. You'll find post-college grads who still think they're in college and some 50 year old men dotted through out the crowd.It was fun when I was underage-21. $2 Coors light bottles, great bands, and good fun with a group of friends!look, if there's one round left in the revolver, use it to put yourself out of your misery before going to this joke of an establishment.To describe this place accurately is difficult. However it was an experience. I don't know how to begin. Starting off, the glass my beer came in had some random dirt/debris on it that I brushed off. 
Beer in my stomach, I moved forward. I ordered a quesadilla. This bartender missed two beginning orders in the first five minutes. Cordial, this old, short haired blonde was not. However, I wanted more expecting it to be better. 
It did not. Shame really. 
All I wanted was good service for a happy hour. 
Cutting to the chase, this woman was curt, bad demeanored, and just depressing to be around. Under busy circumstances, id understand, but this was not busy at all. No chance. To get my true sentiments of this cold sore lipped grump who decided to tip herself from my $20, read the first letter of each sentence.I was here on a saturday night, it was empty at 9pm but got super crowded after 11,  I could barely walk around.  This is a huge 3 level bar with college aged casual crowd.  hot girls everywhere.I hate this bar.
Overcrowded.  The specials really aren't that good.  Crappy local bands.  
I'll never understand why my friends insisted on going here on Thursday nights.  I have always hated Finns, and I always will.  And I normally love college party bars.Pray to whomever you find important that the 3rd floor is open.  The bottom floor is great for getting drinks, but has blaring traditional Irish music and people unwilling to talk to each other.
The middle floor usually has a live band and is so packed you can barely move.  Before the smoking ban it was nearly intolerable.  It does offer two bars and some stands that have beer - so turn in any direction and push to get a drink.
The 3rd floor has a large bar, some seating and an opening that looks down on the poor idiots packed like sardines on the 2nd floor.  I often liked to get drunk, stare down at people and bait them with hand gestures - hahaha suckers, you couldn't make it up here if you tried!
The older you get, the less fun this place seems.I made my way to the front stage carefully peeling my feet from the floor with each step. Finnigan's top patrons cleverly designed a permanent sticky floor that kept others from falling, sliding, or otherwise moving. 
The bar was filled with devious and mistrusting hooligans that separated themselves into gangs. In one corner the extras from the Cosby Show donning ugly sweaters and tiger print shoes sipped their beers. Used car salesmen in their late 40s huddled together admiring their, (yes yet again), bedazzled button up shirts. Where do they even sell these forsaken shirts? The flannel shirt gang was having a standoff over pop culture references. Old men stared over the top of their bifocal glasses hastily punching buttons on their phones. It was a race to see who could text 'how now brown cow' first. For a second, I even saw a goth girl with blue dreads. I had arrived at the crossroads of bar hell and it was paved by cover songs.My friend and I drove up here on a Friday night to see the male strippers that are located downstairs. It was an experience.
We did eventually go upstairs to hang out. It's an interesting mix of people, that's for sure. The drink weren't cheap (I'm not sure if it's standard to pay $4 for a bottle of Yuengling in Philly, but in Baltimore the most I've paid for it is $2). 
The place is big inside, and they have a dance floor. I guess it's worth checking out, but I'd like to assume Philly nightlife has more to offer than this.This place deserves no stars! I checked out this place last night after my bday dinner for karaoke. But ended up getting harassed about my TX ID  after ordering a "double pineapple juice on the rocks with grenadine." the bartender was sooo arrogant and rude that I didn't want to stay there. He finally made my drink after I told my friends lets go. When he tried to give it to me, I told him I didn't want anything from him, I turned around to speak to a friend, and felt something hit the back of my legs. The bartender actually threw the drink across the bar. I can't beliehet is behavior the "manager" came around and didn't even apologize, just told me to calm down that he would "take care of it". As the bartender continued to scream at me, about paying four dollars for the pineapple juice. We left and went to 12th and Samson for karaoke and had a blast.I love Finnegan's Wake!! I used to go a lot more when I was in the 21-22 range, sure, but when I visit Philly I make it a point to come to this place. My favorite is the old coffins they still have AND the Blessed Mary statue with a pew in front of it. It gives it some flair.
I've seen a lot of complaints about cover bands and their lack of talent, but could you suggest another place in the city that has cover bands?? Please do share. I'm curious.  
I love the cover bands. I'm not a fan of the 80s, I was a teenager in the 90s. I love that they focus on that era. I love that every time I step in that bar, I know that the band for that night will play "Wonderwall" by Oasis. It's one of those staples that all cover bands should play.
As far as the food - I would've never tried it. I never knew they had food though. This bar, for me, is strictly a staple after 10:30pm. Ya gotta go before the crowds.
Finn's is not a place to be on Yelp. Don't go thinking it's a hipcity club. It's a bar. It's got a cover band - great ones at that. It's a fun atmosphere. Take it for what it is.If your under 21 and like to fight, well this place is for you.  Jersey Shore look-a-likes are the regulars.For this review I wish I could pull a Craig Laban and give them no stars. This place is the WORST place in Philadelphia, and makes sure to stuff as many of the most terrible people from the metropolitan area in one place. 
If you have no intellect, and are down with wearing miniskirts that could pass as belts when the windchill is below zero -  this is the place for you! 
The only reason I EVER ended up there was because I was in college with a girl who I was going to room with for a study abroad program. She somehow got me to comply to go there with her for a drink. I ended up not even saying goodbye and ran down the street to N. 3rd to escape the madness. I couldn't handle being surrounded by what was within. 
On another note... a few years after this terrible experience, I ended up living around the corner from this terrible bar. Every night this flea bag establishment had a "college special" I would wake up to idiots screaming at their girlfriends and peeing on the front steps of Green Street.
I really wish this place would be shutdown already.We all know the stereotype of the Irish - Drink, drink, drink.  Fight.  Rinse.  Repeat.  It seems the staff at Finnigan's Wake takes this to the next level;  they actually just aspire to be the biggest assholes in a 2-mile radius (success!).
If you are a bro and looking for a good place to release all that testosterone, give it a go.  Otherwise, take heed, my friends.BTW, do they know they spelled Finnegans Wake wrong?I remember the first time I went to Finnigan's "Whack" Wake and there being a cash cover at the door.  Now, I don't mind cash covers at the door if there is a band playing...be it a good band, bad band, mediocre band, the Jonas brothers..whatever.  BUT If there are NO BANDS playing and you are going inside to PAY to DRINK..why do you have to pay cover?  Correction to my previous statement...bands being reason one to pay cover, free drinks for a certain amount of time would be "OK reason" numero two to pay cover... so our group was like forget this, let's peace.  So, we ended up at the Abbaye.  
Now, second encounter with Finny was last night.  I went out to meet up with my kickball buddies for drinkin' and strategizin'.  I knew that this place had a cover late at night, but they were collecting even at 8 pm.  OK, whatever.  We paid it and went upstairs to an empty room with two bars.  One to the left and one along the wall that runs from the dance floor to the back exit.  We headed over to the bar on the left side of the room and found out the special was $2 Coors Lights.  Alright, cool.  Coors sucks so I got a Sam Adams Cherry.  
Ordered it, gave the bartender my card (to start a tab) and drank my Sam Adams  Ten minutes later we decided to leave for a quieter place.  We all drink at different paces and I was done with my first while people were nursing, so I decided to go get myself another brewsky. 
Went back to the same bar.  A short-spikey-haired lady-bartender (the other bartender that I did not hand my card to) kinda went down along maybe 1/4 of the bar and stopped to go back up it again, never really making her way to me, so I patiently waited.  
And waited...
And waited a little more...
And waited and...OH!  I failed to mention that there were two other bartenders standing in front of me(one being the original lady I had handed my card to), laughing at whatever the hell they were talking about, changing out their cash drawers.  This took them like 10 minutes.  So, I was standing there with the two bartenders in front of me just staring at bottles of liquor.  Finally, one of my friends walked over to me and was like, "hey, you've been here a while, are you alright?"  In which I responded:  "Yes, I'm fine, I've just been waiting for  like, ten minutes or so for a drink, I'll be there in a minute."  
I DID NOT SAY THIS IN A MEAN WAY AT ALL!  I was just simply stating that I was waiting for ten minutes.  I didn't mind it, I understood that everyone was busy.  I used to bartend.  Changing out the drawers is hell.  BUT the reason why I gave Finnigan's "Whack" Wake ONE STAR is because of what the bartender in front of me, the one that took my card in the first place, said to me.  She looked me straight in the eye and said "NO, YOU've only been waiting here for ONE MINUTE!"  Laughed and turned around.  Now, she wasn't a young either.  She was like, maybe 40, medium length brunette hair lady.  
WHAT THE FLIPPIN "F"????????
I would have never dare said that to any customer, EVER!  She was so rude!! 
Obviously I was waiting for more than "one minute" because my friend noticed that I had been waiting a "while," standing there by myself.  I was so taken aback by her comment, even after my friend stuck up for me and said "NO, it's actually been a little longer" (in which she responded "YAH, maybe FOUR minutes"), that I decided that it was just time to close my tab here.
So, the spikey-haired bartender came over, asked me what I wanted, and I said, "oh, nothing, I just want to close my tab."  Not rude in any way, just very politely and quite pleasantly.  I try to keep calm for the sake of others around me and I don't like getting too riled up about stupid stuff like this.  Anyways, the bartender that I gave my card to turned, stared at me, and said "there is a $25 minimum," and then she turned her back on me.  What?  Holy shit.  I just wanted to leave!!  Finally, I had my friend pay in cash for me.  
Then we went to Abbaye, where it was nice, calm, fun and service was a VAST IMPROVEMENT from F'in Finnigan's Fucking "Whack" Wake
THE END
Wait, OK just to add on to the horrors of this place...my other friend that was also at the bar, after I told him the story of why I didn't get another drink and the whole $25 tab thing, was then like..."OH!  NO shit!  I had four drafts, two being the $2 Coors Light, and the bill came out to $25 even!  I knew she was over charging me!"  
To my knowledge there could have been no way his bill could've came out to $25!  Therefore, instead of giving him the real total and the option to order more drinks for the $25 minimum, they went ahead and charged him the bar minimum.  They didn't even TELL him the minimum was $25.  How awful!  
Can I give this place no stars?Nothing real impressive about this place.  Was really awkward at 9 pm on a Saturday when there were 5 people in this huge space.  Kinda dark, not in a charming way.  Beer was cheap enough  We tried to come back around 11 and found a $10 cover fee.  That did this place in for me for a while.If your looking to dance to modern live music cover bands, go here. The drink selection is average and it is very loud at times but the music is great and the staff is friendly & has a good drink knowledge. I have been here a few times and would go back just for the bands and dance party.I love Finnegan's Wake!! I used to go a lot more when I was in the 21-22 range, sure, but when I visit Philly I make it a point to come to this place. My favorite is the old coffins they still have AND the Blessed Mary statue with a pew in front of it. It gives it some flair. 
I see alot of complaints about cover bands and their lack of talent, but could you suggest another place in the city that has cover bands?? Please do share. I'm curious.  
I love the cover bands. I'm not a fan of the 80s, I was a teenager in the 90s. I love that they focus on that era. I love that every time I step in that bar, I know that the band for that night will play "Wonderwall" by Oasis. It's one of those staples that all cover bands should play.
As far as the food - i would've never tried it. I never knew they had food though. This bar, for me, is strictly a staple after 10:30pm. Ya gotta go before the crowds. 
Finn's is not a place to be on Yelp. Don't go thinking it's a hipcity club. It's a bar. It's got a cover band - great ones at that. It's a fun atmosphere. Take it for what it is.If you are not a "college" (college in quotes indicating community college or other tier-three high school remediations) soon-to-be drop-out looking for terrible, terrible beer (think 2-for-1 Coors), the smell of over-chlorinated taps and backed up grease traps, and possibly itching for a fist fight with a degenerate (and, possibly later, her mindless brothers and toothless mother), please...SKIP IT. If all that sounds fun to you, its the giant faux-Irish clap-trap on the corner.I do like it but now that I am older (and by older, I mean legal to drink) I hate when minors sneak in.  At Finnegan's, there's always minors or ugly girls.  Trust me, I know alot of the girls, I went to high school with them...ugly!  ;)...  So, I would go somewhere else.  Also, it is a bit pricey and gets extremely crowded.Dirty and the bathroom was gross but the live bands are decent and it's a good place to go after a few drinks because then you are more unaware how dingy the place is.I thought there were some good qualities to this bar even though it was a college bar. I thought the prices were reasonable i think it was 4 dollars a beer. That is reasonable unless your going to a neighborhood bar and it's cheaper then olde city rittenhouse and mcfaddens I think. I understand what some people are saying about the negative parts but I enjoyed this bar you had  a good beer and liqour selection. Service I felt was better then average. I was there years ago when I was younger and I liked the main floor if you could find the right corner to take over with your friends you were set. Now that I am around 30 if I decide to go there I don't mind hanging out in the basement. It's a little older it's mid 20 to low 30s. Also I get some people's problem with the fact that they don't alway's have Irish music but guess what neither does the irish pub. Overall I have had good experiences there. I have only been there on Friday nights and in the early part of the week whatever night they have a d.j. and beerpong. Also I saw someone posted about a 25 minimum on credit cards. I didn't think that was a big deal. If your going out don't you usually have cash on you and if you don't you should have a little.My review of here is based of being here on Saint Patrick's Day, which is automatically the worst day to be here. so it's already a little biased. But talk about a place that doesn't live up to the name (I mean that as both a fan of James Joyce and Dropkick Murphy's). aside from the traditional looking exterior, and the Guinness, this "Irish" pub was the farthest thing from an Irish pub I've ever seen.
Another thing i really didn't like about the place was the cover bands. Since I edit/write for  a local music magazine that covers original artists my fond distaste for cover bands is pretty obvious. But this place had cover bands that were practically Lip Syncing! I mean so much for at least trying.
despite these two pitfalls and the mixed crowd (3 annoying people for every cool person inside) my group did have a good time. and I could picture it being a lot more roomier on any other day. and even though it housed cover bands exclusively, at least the stage sound was tight. so it's worthy of another try overall. hence the middle ground rating.Well, this is pretty much the place college kids go to on a Friday night to get trashed. 
For the small price of 10 bucks, you get unlimited drinks and food...except they take the food away an hour in but I guess it doesn't matter because you're probably gonna be 9 drinks down anyway. 
I wouldn't go here on a regular night but it's definitely a good & cheap place to get started on the weekend with a good group of friends.