the battered fried and milkshakes from this place are great and I love the outdoor seating in the summer staff is always very friendly :)This is our first time ordering from here food was good great price fast service and I liked that they called me back to notify me that something I ordered they didn't have and have me options to change will be trying them againLove this place! Have lived in the area for over a year now and finally ordered this week. Now ordering for the second time.   Love how many options they have.  The chicken gryo was amazing! Loved the waffle fries too.   Havnt tried a shake yet but I'll have too soon!  Deff a little gem of a spot.Cheesesteaks were tasty and not greasy and soggy. Only problem was I ordered hot peppers and asked for them on the side but they were actually mixed in with the meat making the cheesesteak too spicy. Way too many peppers, like I'm talking pepper overkill and I like spicy but i had to pick some out. Broccoli bites were disappointing for the price. All things considered I'd order from them again. The order came way faster then anticipated and arrived hot and fresh. Also the fries were good as well, not mushy, and crispy without being too greasy.This place has great tasting cheesesteaks for the price! The 2 feet cheesesteak sub is a marvelous sight. After I ordered once, I was hooked. 
However.. the second time I ordered (with great expectations), I found two strands of light colored hair in my sub from god only knows where. I have dark brown hair and when I called them back, apparently they had no blonde employees? 
Anyway, despite the unpleasant surprise, the food is good. I probably won't be ordering again until I can get over seeing hair in their food though.Really good food and fast delivery, my new regular spot. I don't know if they're under new management but I ate here a while ago and don't remember their food being as good as it is now. I recently started ordering from this place again and noticed a couple things after trying more from the menu:
1) These are easily the best wings in the area. I have ordered from most places in the neighborhood and no one comes close to these unless you want to sit down and eat at Memphis Taproom.
2) The salads are huge and really really good. 
3) They DELIVER milkshakes. What a time to be alive.
The Greek appetizer salad was a highlight. Stuffed Grape leaves, Chicken Souvlaki, black olives, and pita bread on the salad were all delicious. The Greek dressing that comes with it is addicting, and it's HUGE. Definitely give this place a try.I went here like 3 times in a row in one week. There lamb gyros are bangin and the outdoors tables and eating are solid for summer right now I love it. Good place for a quick snack or lunch for a date or just a lounge spot if you wanna be outside on a nice day. Pricing seems fair enough.Food was really good. The fries where on point. I have a Philli cheese steak and my wife a Philli chicken both well seasoned and very good portion for the price.Ok let me tell you I was nervous to try this place because it looked slow. I am glad I did. It was as good as Geno's or Pats but you had much better customer service. They really care about their customers. It was cold out so I told the guy at the window that i was going to wait in my car while they cooked it and I would come over when I saw him at the window. Next thing I know he is at my car with the food. Yes he walked across the street and brought me my food.
Steaks are cheaper and bigger than pats and genos. Taste better, great customer service, and they take credit cards. 
Great job!!!! I will be back.Okay I know I will take some heat for this. After reading the negative reviews I have to come to the defense of Steak & Shake. Last Saturday while shopping at the Amalgam Comics and Coffee shop I decided to give this place a try, I'm glad I did. Maybe they read the reviews and made a conscious decision to pull it together. 
When I arrived I was promptly greeted by a friendly lady at the counter who took my order while navigating the phone etc. The ordering and payment by credit card went smoothly and quick. There were a few people who placed orders before me and about two immediately after, so I took a walk. Not much to see in the area so I soon returned. Upon my return within 5 minutes the people who ordered before me received their order. Humm, nice that was quick.  Not so fast, slow down! Waiting, waiting, I was given a wonderful 'hello, I like your shirt from someone coming from the cook area'. That was nice. It took about another 15 minutes after everyone was gone, for me to receive my 2 foot cheese-steak.  I got my sandwich headed for the car and the smell of the ingredients were calling me, I answered. I opened the packaging to my delight to find the 2 foot was cut into 4 pieces, good I won't have to do it when I get home. It was a nicely filled but not overly like Max's (which I like a lot) the sandwich struck the right balance of mayo, ketchup and onions as I expect from a place that 'specializing' in steak sandwiches.  I took a bite then another and another, I was hooked! Those at home were pleased as well. 
Overall I had a very pleasant experience minus the wait time. The sandwich can rival any of the shops that touts their superiority in a cheese-steak war. Yes it's almost but not quite but I can say, Fiore's Steak & Shake is closing in on Max's, Chubby's and Dalessandro's. Well for me anyway!one of my favorite places to go when i'm in the area. chocolate milkshakes are my favorite along with the loaded steak quesadilla and potato wedges. the staff is very friendly and i recommend this place to my friends every chance i get.Always passed by but never stop to check it out until now . nice place to hangout with friends on a nice summer night .. It just like being in south Philly at Geno's without a long line and crowded sidewalk.Awesome food! I like their steaks a tad better than their chicken steaks, but they're both good. Fries are excellent. Plenty of easy parking and good/fast serviceReally solid food-have eaten here a few times now. Great milkshakes and good cheesesteaks. Good prices and very friendly staff!!!Had the flounder hoagie and curly fries.  I'm not sure if I was just REALLY hungry at 11PM, but it was pretty good.  Didn't expect the oil on it because it was fried, and it would have been better without, but everything else was perfect--especially the hoagie roll.Steak & Shake was something I've had bookmarked for awhile now. I found it just scrolling through some of the higher rated establishments in the location finder and it earned itself a bookmark when i saw how good the food looked in some of the photos.
The actual location of Steak & Shake is a surprisingly pleasant stop on Frankford ave in Kensington, with an eclectic  grouping of small shops in what would otherwise be a residential strip until passing E. sergeant st. You have a small Grocery store, barbershop, a Comicbook / Hobbyshop / Coffee house, and a tattoo parlor directly across from it. Something about this grouping of establishments just appeals to me, i could easily see myself in the summer months eating at one of Steak & Shake's outside tables with friends before stopping into mingle and talk with the folks coming in and out of the comic shop and tattoo parlor. This area, is meant for men like me.
But the location and surrounding businesses aren't the focus here, S&S's food is, and luckily it didn't disappoint. We three amigo's were at it again and in typical fashion i didn't just get to eat my own meal, but was obligated to try some of theirs as well. I ordered a Baconator Burger with Chicken Finger Mega Fries. The Broseph went with a a Bacon Cheese steak, and King Hamburger- in his usual eccentric fashion made the bold choice of fishcakes- which are served with fries, macaroni salad, a normal salad, and a some garlic bread. Now i'm not a big fan of macaroni salad, or real salads, or seafood, so i didn't try those, but S&S had some consistent quality.
My Baconator Burger was fantastic, i saw some mention of tough meat in other reviews but had no such experience. Was cooked medium-well,  extremely easy to chew, and had a decent amount of juiciness to it. The buns were potato-bread, a personal favorite of mine, and really rounded out the experience. Cheese here was clearly some kind of block cheddar that had been sliced and placed on the burger just by color and translucence after melting and cooling. Lettuce was very fresh here, absolutely bristling with moisture upon crunching into it. I opted out of the tomatoes, but with the state of the lettuce i'm sure they would have been just as fresh. Bacon was decent- with the potato bun and burger it was a bit harder to make out the notes but the bacon is smoked, but less thick cut than you would expect.
Chicken Finger Mega Fries from S&S are a meal unto themselves, if i'm being honest. I personally couldn't finish my burger + mega fries simply because of how dense these fries are. Think  pound of led dense, not pound of feathers. This right here will fill you up.
Wiz in use, not whiz, not Kraft, but generously applied. If i had to grade the flavor id C+ average for the whiz, but, the mozzarella here however is pretty sweet and pairs well with the wiz with both flavor and texture. Chicken tenders were nice and crisp despite the smattering of melted cheese, and managed to still retain their flavor despite competing with cheese and bacon, absolutely solid.
Wedges  had much more flavor than base fries here, but the texture was a little off. Everyone knows the best past about wedges is the crisp, well seasoned exterior, with absolute fluff of potato held between. Flavor was absolutely here, but the texture warrants a hand waggle of so-so.
Steak here is a bit on the pricier side for a single ($7.70), surprisingly affordable for a double ($12.60). Broseph gave a me a few bites to try out the bacon cheese steak he ordered so i could get a solid impression. Bacon's flavor comes out a lot more in there steak than it does the fries or  burgers, you can taste the smoke, which i personally adored. Mayo here is also surprisingly good, not the best I've had, but certainly up there. Steak itself was okay texture wise but was completely bullied by the smokey flavor of the bacon and the solid mayo, ditto for the american cheese which managed to retain more flavor profile than the steak, but 
 still couldn't compete. Roll, was unremarkable.
Last but not least was the garlic bread, which surprised me. Flavor was excellent, but texture was far too dried out for my taste. If they upped the butter content on that baby, and got a more complete spread especially the edges, i'd be lining up to grab something like a chicken parm grinder to pair it with.
All in all id say Steak and Shake lived up to expectation, and i'm not going to include the milkshake i ordered (Birthday cake) which is made with Richmans ice cream, which is a personal favorite, so of course i enjoyed it. There's a little room for improvement and first impression may be a little off due to the frigid cold the night we all visited and ate outside. But i thoroughly enjoyed it and plan to stop by again, grab some grub, then hang out with some friends at the aforementioned Comic Shop~
Flavor & Presentation 4/5   |   Speed & Service  3.75/5   |   Pricing & Portions  3.66/5
Overall  4/5Ehhhhh.....just ok in my book. I'm a big shake fan. My only one so far was heavy on the milk and not so much actual ice cream. I'll give them another shot and will update the review and stars if I see improvement. Cheers, DarthAnyone in the mood for a cheesesteak? Look no further, Steak n Shakes is the spot. I love the cheesesteaks there. There not to dry and there not dripping with grease. Cooked just right, let me not get started on the taste. One word WOW! It takes me back in the days of good cheesesteaks. Finally there's a steak place just as good or maybe better then Pats and Geno's in the North region of Philly. Also no special language needed. Order how ever you want it. Also I can't forget to mention the burgers. Homemade!!! Must I say any more about that. I think not. Look don't take my word for it, go and check them out for yourselves. You won't be disappointed.This place is a joke, I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap, I only ate a 1/4 of it and threw it out... It was so watery and there was almost no buffalo sauce on it.... The only thing that was edible was the potato chips... Worst buffalo chicken wrap I've ever had.... Never going to this place again...This was an awesome place we stopped at after we finished up a tour at the Philadelphia Brewing Company.  The food was delicious and the customer service was amazing.  They wanted to make sure everything was perfect for us and were very friendly during our quick lunch there!So this is my new go to place in my nehiborhood fast delivery good coustomer service not to mention the food is amazing i try something new every time I order so far milk shakes n cheese steaks are amazing not to fond of of the burgers only because of the roll they serve it on way to big they should have an option for a regular burger bun over all I think it's worth checking out
                        Keep up the great work guys$8-9 will get you a steak that is the size of two steaks anywhere else in the city.  Add a few more dollars for a milkshake that is thick enough that you know it's a shake, but not so thick you can't get it through the straw.  Outdoor seating, and incredibly friendly staff (regardless of the color of your skin, way you dress, or choice in friends), makes this a go-to spot when you just want a steak, but don't want to leave the 'hood.This is my spot. Just moved in a block away about a week ago, and I've eaten here 4 times already. All I can say is if you're in the area it's a very solid place to grab a sandwich and a milkshake. BIG hoagie rolls, great burgers, great shakes. nice vibe.Food's not bad. Bang for the buck style. Don't order the Large hoagie unless you are trying to feed a family. It was a whole baguette. Biggest mistake of the month ordering the L hoagie for a late night dinner. Fries are okay.I've been eatting here awhile and on multiple occasions they've forgotten to bring me an item when I placed an order for delivery. The foods good but it's inconvenient to have a steak and no drink. I gave them a chance but they forgot again. They forgot to bring my 2 liter. The driver told me he'd be right back but never came back and I never got a call. I always leave a very generous tip. So what am I tipping for. I wanted to have a enjoyable evening but cant really have one now. My friends and I are thirsty and we didnt want to have to go out. So I wont be ordering from this place anymore and throwing out the menu from my good places in my area pile. I did give it a 2 tvstar only because the steaks are ok. Theres a ton of other places in the area where they are better. Plus I'll get everything I ordered.Forget about any other cheesesteak in philly. This place is the spot. Best food. Best service. This place is my ride or die.I've been here a few times.  Not bad, but nothing too great either.
Cheesesteak - not very good.  It tasted really weird.  Could probably find a better cheesecake at a deli nearby.
Hamburger - It was tough and chewy.  Also had no seasoning.  If it were not for the pickles and ketchup, I don't think it would be edible.   
Their mega fries were actually surprisingly good and could satisfy the inner stoner in us all.  
The shakes are really good here.  I usually get a chocolate shake and they're always fresh and have a good consistency.  
They are fast, which is a plus if you need some food quick.Again I ordered again disappointed. 
Cheesesteak roll was super soft asked for ketchup... none. Fries were nearly $4 with old bay instead they used a knock off old bay with sugar. Disgusting. 
I know why... the owner is cheap foreign and so are the workers .. you need at least a local on the grill to keep weird things from happening like ordering bad rolls not offering provolone and trying to fake old bay.
Not being racist but one time I got a club and the dude didn't even know what a club was. Seriously just hire one single Kenzo in the kitchen to stop you from doing dumb things to a place that could be great. Seriously.. Quick Stop makes good food because they have local Kenzos on the grill.
All the hipsters love the place though for what that's worth. And that is worth very little.First time ordering from there. Ordered cheesesteak & vanilla milkshake and mild wings. Everything was great. Steak was a healthy size, shake was great. Only down side was the Buffalo sauce leaked all over the bag..... A survivable experience. Wings were crispy and big - not those skimpy lil sad wings n Philly is famous for. Will definitely order from them again!Fiore's gets five stars from me. They've got this amazing grilled chicken salad that I am absolutely obsessed with, and their olive oil and vinegar dressing is on point, to boot. I love their wedge potatoes, and their shakes are absolutely delicious and huge - I can't finish a whole one! I had their cheesesteak with mushrooms one time, and it was a delicious drunk decision. Their delivery is really fast. I experienced a delivery error ONE time, they delivered me the chicken but forgot the salad, and the driver went right back and brought it with no problem. This is a great little go-to neighborhood spot and I appreciate them. They also have a cute little corner spot on Frankford where you can sit and eat, if that's you're jam! For what they are, Fiore's is a five star joint!Solid cheesesteaks, meat maybe a little chewy, but I really like the buffalo chicken and great milkshakes!Ordered two quesadillas; The Chicken Bacon & The Cheesesteak. 
-Chicken was burnt and had minimal bacon 
-Cheesesteak anything here taste like maple syrup... ALWAYS. No ideas why, tried ordering reg bacon and NOT maple bacon thinking that would do the trick.. nope. 
3/5 starsToday was the third time ordering from here. I live right around the corner and you would think since the food is so good, I would come more often.  But the customer service here SUCKS. Each time I've ordered from here they have either forgotten something or made the order completely wrong. Luckily when I went to pick up my bacon cheeseburger (after ordering at 3:20, arriving at 3:35 and still waiting for it at 3:50) I remembered to check my bag. And guess what? NO BACON. How do you forget the first thing in a bacon cheeseburger?! HOW??? Then when I approach the counter to tell them, the cook tried to yell from the back that he did in fact put bacon on it. Even though me and the rude cashier girl can clearly see he did not. Beyond all that, I watched a man behind the counter cough/sneeze into his hand about 3 times. He made not one attempt to wipe, wash or clean his hands. Um, ew. Never ever again.Great experience every time! It's now a family tradition to go and just enjoy the comic shop across the street and then chow down on some burgers and Amazing milkshakesHorrible...came to the window on a Sunday at 640 pm was originally ignored..then was greeted by a young Spanish lady who assumed she heard what I wanted and took it upon herself to add to the check that wasn't all then after correcting her while I received an attitude for doing so I waited an hour for my food 1 cheese burger and an order of hot wings...never again I don't care if this cheeseburger was gold I will not returnI keep forgetting to review this place! I order from grub hub every now and then. The milk shakes are great! They are very accommodating when I was missing and item and replaced it very quickly! The only reason why I'm giving them 4 stars is because they are always out of some delicious flavors!!!!!!!!!!! They have such and amazing variety and it sucks sometimes when you order something and there out but the steaks are huge portions and I never finish them.I live right up the street from this place, but never stopped by for whatever reason.  Today I happened to have some cash and a craving for a cheeseburger, so I hopped on Yelp and saw that this place had awesome reviews.  I walked down and placed my order; a cheeseburger and fries.  It came to about $7.50, which isn't terribly expensive.  The guy at the window told me it would be about 10-15 minutes, which I thought seemed a tiny bit long, but I'm not impatient.  They had my order ready in about 5 minutes.
I walked back home ready to dive into this awesome cheeseburger and fries.  There were a good bit of fries, and they were crispy and delicious.  The burger on the other hand was huge, sloppy, and greasy.  I had read reviews praising the burger and how they make it by hand.  This is cool and all, except the burger was absolutely terrible.  I had to throw it away...I don't think I have ever had to throw away a burger.  It had a taste of bad meatloaf, a terrible chewy texture, and was just so unappetizing.  While I did order the burger with ketchup and mayo, it was swimming in both of them.  I managed to stomach a few bites before deciding I couldn't go on any further.  So damn disappointing.  
Based on this one visit, I am giving 2 stars because the fries were good and they got my order out quickly.  I am willing to give them another shot, perhaps I'll try a cheese steak next time.One of the better cheesesteaks i've had in Philly. The prices are great considering how large the cheesesteaks are. Highly recommended.  They are also open very late which is perfect after a late night out.I will never in life order from here again the food was cold , nasty , and they wouldn't correct the issue made excuses as to why told me no manager was available then said the person who was there from the start was the manager . Very poor customer serviceAfter running errands, me and boyfriend were hungry, with a hankering for a good ol' cheese steak. We were driving around the neighborhood,  and have passed Steaks n Shakes hundreds of time, so we decided why not.
The reason I love Yelp is because your reviews, Yelpitos, help me out so much with local eats! We were kinda just standing there, wondering what to order, looking at the menu, kind of apprehensive because we didn't know anyone who could attest to the food. Then, lightbulb! I checked on Yelp if there were any reviews and there you were, singing praises about the quality and taste of the cheese steaks. So, thanks to you, we got the 2 cheese steaks special (comes with fries and a 2 liter) to go.
We got home opened up our food packaging,  and we're pleasantly satisfied: soft yet toasty roll, nice amount of meat and melty cheese, wonderfully hot and crispy fries, and washed all that goodness down with grape soda. 
"It was good," he said. I think we found ourselves a new steak joint in the hood, y'all.A great spot to grab a cheesesteak and a milkshake! The outside tables are great in the nice weather, but there's no seating inside so when it's cold you might wanna take your food to go. Open late and delicious food, a great spot for great food!Used to order from this place all the time. But then they got my order wrong. I called to tell them and was told they were too busy to deal with me but the would call me back. Ok fine, no big deal. When I didn't hear from them after 20 minutes I figured something else out for dinner and moved on figuring I'd never hear from them. Except an hour later they called me back and proceeded to argue with me about what I ordered. They offered to send out the correct order, but I had already eaten at that point so I asked for a refund. They repeatedly told me they don't do refunds even though they messed up my order and didn't resolve the issue in a timely manner. I asked why I should have to pay for an item they didn't deliver and I didn't eat and they hung up on me. It's clear they don't need my business.Food is always wonderful and delivery is on time today they made a mistake pga e me a milkshake instead of my cake that I ordered I called and they fixed the problem in lest than 10 minutes and told me to keep the milkshake and the driver was also amazing thank you for amazing food and serviceWas always my favorite. They took 1.5 hours to not deliver my food. I called back to see he said it had gone out. I called back again twenty minutes later, wondering why it was taking so long to be told "it was delivered a while ago" and "our deliveries don't take that long" he than berated me that it was delivered and told me angrily yes to this adress ... YOU the food was delivered. I had to argue with him to even make him believe
Me I didn't get my food. I order here so much. And I love them. He was truly rude and insulting. Finally said ok ok you know what listen I'll make some
Food. I said I just wanted my money back "than why the fuxk you bother me" hangs up. Dudes are scumbags. Do t give them your money. Literally robbed so many people like this cuz they get busy. Seriously SCUMBAGS!!!I used to love this restaurant but lately they never get my food to me full of lies and excuses and I'm left hungry I work for a restaurant and know when I'm having smoke blown at meFood was really good. Came pretty fast as well. Price was reasonable and they did not forget any items which seems to be happening a lot lately when ordering from different places.  
The fries were delicious, the mozzarella sticks as well. The chicken was juicy and crunchy.  I have an unhealthy obsession chicken fingers; they will be my downfall. If I could marry a chicken finger I'd be a widower. Take my word these were pretty good as far as chickie fings are concerned.
In the end there was so much food I ended up not being able to finish it all, which was my only disappointment. I'm reading some of these reviews and while they look terrifying I can't say I had the same experience.This place serves up the best cheesesteak I have been able to find in Philly.  They also serve burgers and hoagies (including a veggie hoagie)  The service is friendly, parking in the area is fantastic and the prices are very affordable.
Check out their menu here:
http://www.yelp.com/biz/steak-n-shakes-philadelphia
An added plus....they are not racist, nationalist or homophobic like certain other cheesesteak places in South Philly.  (Pat's and Geno's)Ordered a Bacon Cheeseburger ($6.50) fair price. 
The burger was cooked well done but I forgot to order it medium-well, not a big deal. The whole burger was huge which I thought was cool, till I got half through it and it fell apart in my hands. Turned into slop and needed multiple napkins just to whip my hands off. Tossed it before I finished it bc it got ridiculous and needed a fork. 
All in all I'll probably go back but not for a burger.Food is always great!!! Cheesesteaks are amazing!!! Bread is always soft and toasted to perfection!! Love u guys!I really like steak n shakes food! They are equal parts quick to get your order ready, friendly and have a ton of variety! Usually they are super friendly! Where they lose points for me is the delivery service! 
We don't live very far at all, maybe they are a bit ticked off to have to make a delivery only a few blocks away?? I am not sure. I also think it's somewhat ludicrous to make a delivery so close to the place but when you are working at home and it's tough to spare even 10-15 mins to make that walk to pick up food.... it really comes in handy that they provide that delivery service. I thought it was justified by the fact that I pay the delivery fee and give a tip as a percentage of the total order amount instead of just 2-3 bucks as a delivery tip. 
They also forgot the main part of the order which was a 2 foot cheesesteak but that's an honest mistake, I guess. And our fries, but we didn't even complain about that, we didn't want to overcomplicate anything.
Maybe they were having an off night!!! Just made me extra anxious because we were trying to eat a meal real quick before heading down to AC to see Alice IN chains !!!! 
I want to like this place because I know my friend is a cook there and he rules. Plus the food is solid and usually awesome.  
This might not be a super helpful review because really I find the service is inconsistent. Sometimes they are the BEST! and sometimes I am like "huh??? What's up???"First time trying this place out and I'll give it five stars .. I order a cheesesteak ,shake and , fries. The steak was nice and juicy!!I placed an order for pickup. Upon receiving and returning home with my food, I realized the food that was given to me was the incorrect order. I called to notify the store, and there was nothing they could do.
Shortly after, I received a call from a delivery person with food. Assuming it was my corrected delivery, I accepted it. This food was also incorrect. I suspected maybe they sent them over in consolation for the first error. 
No. That wasn't the case. This is really where the problem is.
They called me, 45 minutes after the delivery took place at my home. They asked if I received their delivery, which I confirmed I did. They asked if I opened it, which I confirmed I did. They asked if they could send a delivery driver back to collect, to redeliver... they wanted to retrieve a cold, opened, incorrectly delivered steak to another customer.
Disgusting.I'm so bummed out, because the food here is decent, cheap, and delivery is fast.  It was my takeout go-to.
I recently called an order in and paid by card over the phone.  A week later, my debit card number was used to buy gas on Erie Ave., twice on the same day, while I was at work in Jersey.
From now on, it's cash or GrubHub only as a precaution at the Fiore establishments.Raw bacon on overcooked bacon with thick onions. Paid for bbq sauce but didn't get any. Terrible experienceThese guys are assholes. Ordered on Grubhub, they sent the wrong order, and then I waited an hour to get a new order delivered. Turns out they cancelled my order because I told Grubhub of the error, and so after waiting over two hours, I was left with the wrong, cold order and the manager telling me "we don't want your business."
It's sad, really, as I've been buying from here for years. Just be respectful, folks.Walk up window shop with plenty of picnic tables and a pretty big menu. I only tried one thing, but the cheesesteaks looked really good, and my food was done pretty quickly.Place delivers quick and is a reliable cheap meal. Wouldnt rave about it but its a staple in the area.So I order from here 3x's a week for their Chicken Fingers. The whole house loves them and their macaroni salad.. but today I order my usual, it comes and it's chicken NUGGETS... I felt bad but I knew it wasn't what everyone wanted, so I called and told them I received chucked nuggets instead of chicken fingers.. The chick rudely says ummmmmmmm NO you didn't.. YOU ordered chicken nuggets. I tell them "No, I didn't, I ordered chicken fingers, nuggets aren't even in my vocabulary. I've never ordered chicken nuggets.."She says "UMMMMM NO, I took your order and you said nuggets." I said no I didn't. She puts me on hold to get the manager, only to get back on the phone and tell me "My manager said there's nothing we can do for you" I said "send your delivery driver back, I'll give him the platters and I want my money back then." She said WHAT?! No we don't do refunds either... Pretty disgusting if you ask me, who wants to spend their money on a place that disrespects their customers... The phone chick is complete ghetto trash and if I was her employer she would be seeking work elsewhere, but I guess they don't really care to work with their customers. Especially when the mistake was made on their end. Disgrace. But I'll take that $50 loss and take my business back up the street to Franco's.. ‍‍Let me start by making clear I've spent my life in food service, as a cook, chef, and manager.  I have had many poor experiences as a customer, but have never before taken to Yelp about them...  it takes quite a bit to get me to publicly blast anyone.  But here we are.
My family and I have ordered from Steak & Shake countless times, and it's typically been a good experience.  That said, the experience we had this evening was so bad it's resulting in my first ever review on Yelp...
We ordered through grub hub at 4:24pm, and were given an ETA of 5:20-5:30.  At 5:48, my wife called to check on our order.  On the first call she was immediately put on hold and the call disconnected.  On the second call, she asked for an update on delivery time, and they told her they could not give one, as the food was still cooking, and they were waiting for a delivery driver to come back.  We're talking about a couple of cheesesteaks and burgers here, not roasting a turkey, btw.  My wife then asked if we could pick it up instead, but instead of a simple "yes" or "no", they just kept telling her (aggressively) that the food was still cooking, and they couldn't do anything else for her.  Then they hung up on my wife with no resolution.  Then I called and asked to speak to a manager.  I was put on hold and a woman picked up the phone, but didn't identify themselves.  If she was a manager, she is a poor one.  I explained the situation, and the previous two phone calls, and still all she would tell me was that the food was still cooking.  I reminded her that we ordered over 90 minutes prior, and she told me that Grub Hub was down on their end, so they didn't get the order until 4:50.  I explained that that's still over an hour to cook a burger and a couple cheesesteaks.  She asked me what I wanted her to do about it, and I said we'd still like to pick it up if possible, but I'd like her to take something off the bill due to the ridiculous wait.  She STILL wouldn't say whether we could pick up or not (somehow the food still cooking had something to do with this) and that any dispute over the bill would have to go through grub hub.  
While the bill may indeed have been a grub hub issue, the woman was consistently rude, interrupting me, and repeating herself over and over that the food was still cooking.  She made no effort whatsoever to make the situation right, and as someone with 20+ years experience managing kitchens and restaurants, I told her all I was looking for was a straight answer on pickup, and for something resembling customer service from her end.  At this point I told her that without a resolution, I would relay my experience on Yelp, in hopes that we could avoid this and actually get our food.  Instead of trying to find a resolution, she basically told me to piss off for a yelp review that hadn't been written yet (and didn't have to be).
Shockingly, at this point I was "disconnected", and a few minutes later we received a call from grub hub that our order was cancelled, and that we would receive a full refund.  That's nice and all, but we're still hungry, and ordered food over 2 hrs ago.  We've ordered a ton from these guys, and usually with a hefty $$ amount on our tickets.  Tonight's experience cost them any future business from me.My husband & I love giving new businesses a try, so we went on a lunch date and the outside seating is what caught our eyes, we placed with the friendly staff that was so polite  our order which consistent a cheesesteak, fries, Italian hoagie, strawberry milkshake & a soda, everything was ready in a timely fashion and everything was delicious. We order atleast  twice a month even our children love ordering from them. Stop by and give them a try.One experience I had to wait 25mins for a quesadilla while people came and went around me  but I think that was a fluke time. The food is good portion and tastes good. 
Convenient and does the job
Drunk FoodCheese, Cheese, Cheese.  This Cheesesteak came along at the perfect time in my life. I didn't realize how much I had been missing cheese.  This cheesesteak had a very good amount of cheese for the amount of meat and had a great melt. I got cheese in every bite.  Take out only but they do have a couple picnic tables and two small tables, chained to the sidewalk, under their awning.  Overall good Cheesesteak experience on Frankford Avenue on a rainy Friday.Are you drunk? Do you live nearby? Can you walk there? If the answer to all these questions is yes, then your expectations will likely be met.So I lived near this place for years but would never go there. It didn't look like a place you could actually eat. There's always people dippin' out at the tables. 
Then I started a new job and the people convinced me it was ok to have it delivered. Since I could no longer see it I figured I'd give it a try. 
The food is ok. They always mess up something though. It's never a smooth transition. 
Let's take my last order for example. Buffalo chicken cheese steak  extra blue cheese on the side. 
The driver gets there and no one told him I was paying by card. So I had to call in and have him wait while I paid. 
Then I open the stuff and I got extra Buffalo sauce on the side. 
Oh wait I wanna tell you about another time that I got a burger and it came with a thing of Cesar dressing. 
Anything they make a west Philly corner store could do better and cheaper.