I came here with some friends for dinner one night. I started with an excellent Gin Martini! Their oyster selection is amazing and delicious! For dinner I had the Skate Ray with Truffle Spetzel...WOW! This was amazing! I really enjoyed this place and can't wait to go back!Excellent ingredients but the staff is obviously minding the store in the owner's absence and the overall experience is B, not A. The first courses were perfection (wonderful Spanish octopus, delicious East Coast oysters, beautifully served) and if you order those plus a beer--then leave--you will be happy with Fish. Entrees were oversalted (due to Parmesan broth on the skate and olives with the striped bass--the chef himself would have tasted the dish to see how the last layer overwhelmed the salt content overall). Wine service bordered on dishonest--the wine by the glass we ordered was served without bringing the bottle, and when questioned the waiter confessed that they had substituted another wine for the one on the list--meaning he did not bring the one we had ordered and also did not mention the fact. Plus the glasses had rings of soapsuds the first time. We got new glasses of wine but only because we asked. Timing of service was so poor--over half an hour between first and second courses (with waiter's apologies while bringing food to surrounding tables) --that we had to leave before trying dessert. If you are looking for excellent seafood, inventively prepared but without big glitches that undermine your experience  (and a stale-oil smell in the front room that gets in your hair) there are better choices in Philadelphia at the moment.This was a fantastic evening of flavor, texture and presentation. I had a thoroughly wonderful time with brilliant service, excellent management and wonderful chefs. Thank You!Excellent..One of if not the  best place for a unique sea food experience in the city..Skate is a must try, its delicious.  Decent wine list, and apps were also spectacular.  Tiny portions and fairly high prices, but things are all executed well so this will only bother you if you are cheap. Small inside, best for date or small group.  No real scene to speak of for hanging out, mainly a dinner destination.Loved this place, swung by for crab week and had a couple amazing crab dishes.  I could have done without the blue crab they were tiny and probably too much work for the little meat I got.
Other than that (which was my bad in ordering them) everything else was fantastic.
I get the feeling that the menu turns over a lot, but if you can get your hands on the crab claws, do not hesitate, they were one of the best appetizers I've had this year.
Service was great and also very flexible when we asked for special things, can't wait to go back.Amazing food.  The skate was excellent.  I'm not a huge oyster person but am now hooked because of this place.  Can't beat their happy hour special either.  Everything was absolutely declicious--even down to their homemade ice cream...I'm not sure how you can make 'candied bacon ice cream' delicious, but they did!!  Great menu, great service, great ambiance.  Can't wait to go back.Amazing. Phenomenal food, great ambiance. The oysters were delicious and the drinks were good. Pricey, but great for a special occasion.Excellent Mahi Mahi, oysters were so so.. Too much dressing not enough oyster purity.. Nice atmosphere, good volume.. Recommend for a quiet soft conversation spot..Can't say enough great things about Fish.  Have dined here a few times, and each time has been better than the last.  Had a snapper special entree, which was delicious, and the Skate with truffle spaetzle was outstanding.  Homemade ice cream was delicious, especially the salted caramel flavor.  Looking forward to taking my foodie fam here this fall.Simply put, best food I've found in Philadelphia. The skate wing is to die for. The sunday night small plates are a fantastic way to try a variety of tastes.I'd go back here.  Creative presentations.  Inventive flavoring.  The skate with the parmesan broth was outstanding.  I enjoyed an appetizer of hamachi on a block of salt served with shaved rhubarb, pickled unripe strawberries, and ripe strawberries.  Need more be said.  Proportions were more than adequate.
The decor--dark and woody--could use some attention.  It was unfortunate the night we were there that it had been 83 in Philadelphia and the windows were wide open.
Also, they have a sommelier, but I'm not sure why.  I ended up ordering a bottle of wine from our server just after appetizers were placed on the table.
I'd go back here just to see what was novel on the menu the next time.What an awesome meal! I had the skate wing and my husband had the halibut. Both of us felt the blending of favors was wonderful, and truly one of the best fish experiences I have ever had. We split some oysters, very fresh, and had the taco appetizer. Highly recommend this restaurant.The skate wing with parmesan broth is an experience not to be missed.Little Fish's counterpart, (obsessed with Little Fish, btw). I've only been here once, but it was outstanding. I would definitely go back and highly recommend it. As with Little Fish, the food is fresh and the flavors unique. Really lovely dining experience.I visited Fish last night for the second time.  I have never been to Little Fish but heard great things, Fish is close to home so I decided to check it out shortly after they opened. When you walk in you are greeted by the host just a few steps away from the bar and open kitchen.  Walking past the bar we were escorted to our table in another room.  Cozy and intimate. On my first visit I sat at the bar for their late night happy hour specials.  $1 oysters! along with some cocktail specials. The oysters are amazing, fresh, many West coast varieties which are my favorite.  Each oyster is topped with a different mignonette.  I also had the octopus carpaccio, outstanding.  The skate is excellent as well, with truffled spaetzle and parmesan broth.  For dessert we split the balsamic brown sugar ice cream, good not great. I drank wine on both visits.  The whites and reds by the glass are affordable and delicious.  I will certainly return.Amazing meal!  Great Service!  I can't say enough - we went on the Sunday before Valentine's Day and had small plates and there wasn't one choice we didn't like.  The waitress was attentive and had good recommendations for wine pairings. 
The octopus was delicious - it worked really well with the pulled lamb underneath and I have never had octopus cooked so well - not even slightly rubbery. 
Also - sauces so good you would want to bathe in them... I think the skate wing was our favorite (parmesan broth was heavenly), but it is very hard to chose just one.  
We will definitely be back - and will be trying Little Fish soon.The food is all fresh and fantastic - it's just a bit unique that most everything is small plates so you may end up paying more than you think with a bunch of $10-15 small plates.  They also have a number of different oysters, clams, and ceviches, and you can choose among a couple large shared plate options such as a whole fish, lobster boil, or large steak for $45-55 each but those just seem overpriced and less exciting.  When I go out to eat I prefer to try a number of different items rather than sharing just one plate so I'd end up with probably 3 of the small plates to make a dinner which means your total bill will be $30-40 plus drinks.  But the food will be very good.
The wine list is very well chosen, cocktail list is very small, and service is great.  I would consider returning the next time I'm in Philly, especially if just looking for a nice appetizer and drink.I ate here for the third time last night. This was the first time since they reopened and the meal was excellent each time.  I'm surprised how restaurants a block away are packed while Fish sits half empty. The dishes are creative combinations and I have yet to have one that wasn't perfectly prepared. Eventually people will discover what a great place this is.   Make sure to try the mussels!We had the most amazing seafood dinner at FISH. I took my parents out for dinner while we were in town. There was a nice wine list with a variety of pricing options so we were able to get a $45 Bordeaux that we really enjoyed. There was a choice of (I think) 6 different types of oysters so we each tried one of each.Yum! However one of us claims to be an oyster "purist" and wasn't happy that he wasn't provided cocktail sauce and horseradish with the oysters. But LOVED the special sauce the chef topped the oysters with. It really highlighted the amazing taste of the fresh oysters.
Even better than the oysters were our meals. Originally my mom wasn't too happy with the few options on the menu because she likes plain, broiled fish and nothing smothered in sauce. But our waitress helped her pick out the perfect dish. All three of us were so happy with our meals we ate every single bit and couldn't stop professing how wonderful it was. 
We also tried a variety of different ice creams for dessert. The entire meal was wonderful and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a nice meal in Philadelphia.came here for v-day dinner this year. the skate wing dish gets a 5 star in my book. oyster selection was on point. i had a cocktail that contained st. germain and rosemary leaves, it was amazing. kudos to the bartender. my bf's meal was undercooked to his liking and not only did they fix it but also gave us additonal appi, thanks guys! this is a must try if your a pescetarian like me :)I'm really like the new location of Fish. The food is as good if not better than Little Fish, and the ambiance a is huge improvement over their previous location. 
For our dinner we started out with oysters and the mussels in curry sauce. I highly recommend both, but if I had to pick one must get appetizer it would be the mussels. That recipe was also my favorite from Little Fish as well. 
For my entree I had the pastrami encrusted Mahi Mahi and it was out of this world. I highly recommend it, but honestly everything on the menu looked great. The service was good, the new location is great, so I really don't have a single bad thing to say about Fish.Pretty much the worst dinner I've had in my life.  The service was the worst ever.  First they confirmed my reservation under someone else's name, next we waited 45 minutes for cocktails upon our timely arrival.  We only ordered entrees and we waited over one hour.  The food was not worth what we paid for, a mini lobster, half of a mini lobster entree, $38??? Seriously??? If you can cook dinner and are  a foodie this place is not for you.  Wait two more things, we had to search for our wine mid entree to ask to refill our wine glasses from a bottle we purchased and finally, we were given a bill and charged for another.  This was my family bday dinner.  Really bad, I will not be back.I don't get the fawning over the food in this place. I know it is in Philadelphia and we don't have places that do fish really well like they do in NYC, DC, or LA but come on... if this place has 4 stars then John Paul II must be alive. 
First thing first though - fish was very fresh. And oysters were excellent. The rest would have been as expected for a place that charges $20-$22 for an entree...   at $29-$33 I expect not just sauces to be nailed but the fish itself.
Scallops appetizer should really be called "a scallop" as that's exactly what it is - a single scallop sliced into three pieces, each cooked separately. Ours were over-seared on one side. Hoorah for not using bacon though - pancetta made it passable. 
Skate wing would have been perfect were it not over-salted even for my taste. 
Sturgeon... oh my...  purely based on the taste ( place is so dark it is nearly impossible to see the color of the fish after the sun goes down) I'd have to say that the middle was definitely undercooked. The entire fish was under seasoned.  It is as if someone dumped the seasoning that was supposed to go on sturgeon onto the skate. 
Stick to oysters and the bar.Fish is a wonderful restaurant. After being greated by a questionably rude host, the fresh oysters made us forget all about her. I am a fan of the West coast oysters. It is a small menu, but everything is delicious. My favorite entree was the skate and I could not get enough of the spaetzle with truffles. HIGHLY recommended.On our last trip to Philly, the wife (fiance at the time) and I found Little Fish and planned on eating there every time we were in Philly.  To our dismay we found out that it was closed.  But, we were delighted to find that our option of FISH from the same people that was now a full service restaurant with a bar was not going to disappoint.  
We enjoyed the service as it was very friendly and our waitress was amazing at giving the descriptions for the dishes.  We started off with a selection of oysters from Maine and the west coast.  The presentation with little signs and in the square box filled with ice was pretty unique as the usual is a giant round platter.  Each come pre-filled with mignonette geared towards to the oyster.   We also had the reasonably priced Bin 27 bottle of vigioner from California.  This was a good white that stood up to the heavy dishes.  We shared the octopus 1st course which was nice and hearty with some stewed meat and chick peas and grilled octopus.  Then we had the second course that were so amazing.  We shared the skate wing which was truffle-licious!  Skate with truffle spaetzle, parmasean broth, braised leeks and shaved truffle.  Then we also shared the mahi-mahi with duck confit and carrot ravioli.  This was really good as well, especially if you like duck confit.  
All the desserts, which we didn't opt for are made by the Chef's mom who happens to be a pastry chef.  They all did look and sound delicious.  
You like fish with creative ingredients and local ingredients, eat here, simple.  This could really be one of the best restaurants in Philly, ever.Wow. My husband and I went here for our one year wedding anniversary. We decided to come here because we had our one year Pre-wedding anniversary at Little Fish and we wanted to try the sister restaurant.
The ambiance was dark and romantic, however the small bar had a brighter and more upbeat feeling.
We started with oysters. It was the first place I had ever been where there was a small posted sign to tell you which ones were what.  The mingonettes on top of them were so delicious. They were fresh a beautifully presented.
For our starters, my husband had the clams in this fantastic broth, that had pork belly.  The mix of flavor pairings were incredible across the board.
I had grilled octopus with a spicy sauce, small potatoes and chorizo.  Crazy good!
For dinner, we both had sturgeon.  It's was so tasty! Everything was so flavorful!!
We had wonderful desserts, and the drinks and wine were great too.
Service was great, we even had a new guy and he was top notch!  Can't wait to go back!!While visiting Philly, my boyfriend and I were dead set on getting some good seafood. Being from the midwest, we don't get fresh fish often. I chose this place based on Yelp reviews, and boy am I glad I did.
It was Sunday I believe and they were doing a chef's menus (basically using up all the ingredients they needed to get rid of) but it was still amazing. One of the best meals I've had it my life from start to finish. I will definitely be back next time I'm in town.Fish no longer has late night happy hour, but Theo is working on it!Fish was good, but not as good as the hype which is why I'm giving it three stars.  We had raw oysters that were delish, drinks were well done also.  I found the space too small and not particularly comfortable.  Also my entree, the skate, was not as good as the reviews.We went to Fish for their Sunday night 5 course tasting menu.  Afterwards, during our post-meal analysis, we both agreed that our favorite part of the meal was the bread and butter (goat's milk, very nice!), followed by the cinnamon whipped cream that was part of the dessert.  We just weren't  that excited by the food here; it all was good and interesting but nothing memorable.   I do think that was a fun experience to show up and be surprised by the tasting menu, especially 5 courses for $28.  The drinks menu had an appealing selection of beer, wine, and cocktails.  The space was bright and pleasant, and the room was quiet on an early Sunday summer evening.   The staff were professional and responsive.  But, no wow factor for the food, which really is the bottom line.  I did wonder what the protocol is for requesting a take away container for the butter, though!Ok, so I loved this place actually, but only went for the late-night Happy Hour so I dont feel I can give a "full" review or the full 5-Star rating.
Friday night, we found ourselves in the area dropping off our friends who live in the neighborhood.  We popped in for the late-night Happy Hour and fell in love with the LOBSTER DONUTS!  yes, you heard right.  They were like Krispy Kreme's glazed donuts filled with lobster and seasonings.  They were soooo yummy.  We also had a couple of the $1 oysters which came with this amazing vinegary condiment, made in-house.  We will surely return for a meal soon as our friends speak highly of their food & service.With friends in town from Minnesota I decided to give Fish a try, and we were not disappointed at all.  The restaurant is in a nice old town  neighborhood, and parking is available a block away, although the parking was expensive ($18 for 2 hours).  I chose to not try to find a street side parking spot although the streets are metered due to time constraints.
The food was delicious, service was quick, attentive, and helpful, and we totally enjoyed our dinner.  The only thing we wished was different was the noise level. The restaurant is small, and it was packed, so conversation was somewhat difficult.
Fish has a nice wine and beer list, and the entrees were exceptional.  Although portion size wasn't large, it was enough for us without an appetizer or salad, and we had enough room left over for homemade ice cream.  The ice cream flavors are unique, and they don't disappoint!  The candied bacon was spectacular, as was the lemondrop.  I was a bit put off by the salty caramel, as it wasn't salty, and the caramel tasted somewhat burnt.  
Bottom line is that I will return here.  It was a wholly enjoyable experience.The skate wing and truffle spaetzle is as good as everyone says it is. I think the mussels in the green Thai curry broth with saffron are even better, however. Only complaint is that there is too much server interference, filling glasses, wiping the table (twice), asking a little too often if everything is alright. Always friendly, but I would have appreciated a little less attention.We got to Fish solely for the purchase of late night happy hour. And yes..do go at the beginning of the happy hr, because all the seats at the small bar were filled when we got there. The small cozy restaurant had its unique aura that was very welcoming.
We tried some margarita specials ; which were awesome. And the bartender was very friendly and entertaining...We the 16 hama hama oysters($1.5/shuck)-the little ginger sauce they put on it was so refreshing. The lobster donut was a little bit below my expectation; too much breading. But the flavor was on point. And all the snacks on the menu was $6, so worth a try.Washed everything down with some mexican beer specials ($3/bottle). Now....the glorious moment came to try the bacon ice cream. Personally, i could live with out it. Although the bf loved the creaminess mixed with the smokiness of the bacon.
Our whole bill came to about $68 with drinks; snacks; and oysters. Would def consider going back for dinner.Based on 3 or 4 visits, although one I remember not so much; there were orange martinis and oysters and candles ... and frivolity. Outstanding oysters. Always. And so cutely labeled. Fabulous attentive bar. Personalized Theo cocktails. Only once did it get to the entrees - but the skate is tremendous. Intriguing lighting/art. Happy hour beers are moderate to mediocre - but there are plenty of real choices. Recently, had to wait outside in the cold because enthusiasm led to a slightly early arrival (not that friendly from lady at door :-( , hence only 4 stars, but rescued by Theo at bar who opened the door and was welcoming - thanks!). Go early. Go often.I loved Little Fish. Thought it was the most amazing place ever. So I finally got around to trying Fish with my wife and friends. First off, completely overpriced for what we got. Second, the service was simply awful. The food was good but not the great food i was used to at Little Fish. Should have stuck with the basics.What an absolutely delicious experience.
The salmon belly appetizer set the tone, four prettily sliced slabs of fish arriving on a giant colorful block of Himalayan salt.  Light and gone far too soon... a perfect start.
We had four of the small-plate entrees, but I want to start with the best:  This skate wing is one of my new favorite dishes in Philadelphia.  The skate itself has a thin crispy fried crust and is heavenly soft and buttery on the inside.  Beneath the skate is a truffled spaetzle (also available as a side), and when it arrives at the table the bowl is then filled with a shallow layer of a hot parmesan cheese broth.  I am not exaggerating when I say that we asked for spoons and ate every bite of that now-truffled soup once the amazing skate and spaetzle were gone.
When our server saw we loved the broth she realized she hadn't brought us any bread, and when it arrived it had a little tub of seaweed butter with it.  Talk about the perfect bread and butter for a seafood restaurant!  Salty and sweet, it was unexpected and fantastic and I want it all the time.
The other dishes we had were similarly successful. The halibut was perfectly cooked, the octopus was excellent, and the miso-marinated salmon was combined with a teriyaki to take one of my favorite fish preparations in a new direction.  Excellent all the way through!
But next time I go I'm not sharing that skate wing.This was my first time at the new location and I couldn't believe that my experience was even better than the first! The atmosphere is much more modern and casual than the old spot. It went perfectly with the whole meal and I loved that everything is now small plates. It just means I can try more!
I am still thinking about three dishes. The octopus, the halibut and the skate wing. The octopus had a marinade that made the dish and was complimented with some nice greens. I absolutely can not remember what the halibut was served with but I remember loving it and it being perfectly cooked :)...not too helpful. However, the skate wing...whoa. It's skate wing, cooked to perfection with truffled speatzle, in a parmesan broth that I wish I could bottle and drink on it's own. I would come back over and over again for this dish. It was fantastic and like nothing I've had before. It's absolutely made my "best dishes in Philly" list. 
Basically, if you're in the mood for incredibly fresh and delicious seafood, Fish is the place to go. I can't wait to get back there!Out of business. Because the rave reviews a place can get from the barely "go out so does not know any better yelp crowd" does not mask mediocre and overpriced food.The younger outsizes the elder.  Michael Stollenwerk's latest spawning is a larger version of his claustrophobic, but immensely popular Little Fish.  His imagination may run wild with his seafood preparations, but abruptly halts when it comes to naming his eatery.  Fish Restaurant may lack subtlety  in its moniker, but when it comes to his cookery, his command of flavors are matched by few.
Ensconced in the former Astral Plane, Fish adds another destination in the burgeoning Graduate Hospital neighborhood.  The casual and intimate atmosphere makes for an unpretentious  and comfortable setting for Stollenwerk's creations and the young waitstaff makes up for some inexperience with friendly and accommodating service.  
The raw oyster selection was outstanding, with reps from both east and west coasts.  My wife enjoyed the Atlantic Blue Points (assertive like uni) while I preferred the Pacific Skookum (rich but more complex) served with a cucumber mignonette.  Kudos to Joanna who made the deft recommendations.
The octopus carpaccio with tangerine was a bit less successful with the thin slices a bit dry and the flavors unclear.  
But disappointment morphed to delight with the arrival of the newly added lobster bisque.  Paired with oranges, tarragon and fennel, this was wonderful. Unfussy with clean flavors highlighted by the snap of sweet barely poached lobster. Haha, I borrowed that line from Frank Bruni. But this was seriously awesome.
The hot dishes were well prepared, although, like the carpaccio, the fishes (stripe bass and skate) were a shade overdone by my sushi crazed predilections.  The striped bass with orzo had a nice kick from the chile, but nicely balanced by the pasta with some small wild clams emphasizing the taste of the sea.  The skate, likewise , was a little dry, but the truffled spaetzle and subtle parmesan broth made it delightful.  
The dense chocolate torte was played against vanilla ice cream and port soaked grapes made for a nice ending.  Quite a bit disappointed by the coffee which tasted burnt and bitter.
All in all, a clear winner.  With Oyster House and now, Fish, the void left by Striped Bass for center city seafood seems to have been worthily filled.Definitely get the skate wing!  The breading was a bit on the salty side, but the fish was cooked perfectly and the parmesan brother was super flavorful.  Ask for extra bread to dip it in the broth :)Wish I could say I've eaten dinner here, but this review is solely for the happy hour and bar specials. I've been to Fish several times during the happiest hours, as I like to call them (5-7), and have always been impressed. The fruity cocktails are delicious, and the bartender is fantastic. The food choices, usually 6-7 dollars, are DELICIOUS, and the oysters at a buck-a-shuck cannot be beat. If I had to make one "negative" comment, I'd say that the cocktails would be better priced at $5, but I mean, it's a very upscale restaurant so price really is fair. 
If you're looking for a fairly cheap way to eat some great food, I'd recommend coming around 6:30 and ordering 2-3 of the food items. You'll be full (at least I would be) and have had some fantastic seafood at one of the best places in the city. Can't wait to go for a real dinner!Finally decided to try this place for dinner after reading all the buzz. Went on a Thursday night as Happy Hour was winding down. The bar was packed. It's tiny so even 7 or 8 people at the bar will make it seem crowded. 
We skipped the bar and went right to our table for dinner. Started with a big bowl of mussels. We considered ordering two apps but our waitress told us the mussels would fill us up, especially with the bread for dipping. She was right. I can't remember which variety of mussels we had but the broth was delicious. 
For our main courses, we had read about the skate wing being the popular dish so we ordered that and also ordered the monkfish. The skate wing did not disappoint. The ultra-cheesey parmesean sauce packed it with so much flavor. Definitely worth the buzz. The monkfish topped with chorizo had a bit of a southern flavor. It was great. 
We both really enjoyed this place. It has a neighborhood feel to it. Can't wait to go back and take advantage of the happy hour deals.I just stopped in for drinks, but will definitely be back for dinner! When this was Bump, I could be found here every Friday or Saturday night for a long time ... you will hardly believe it's the same space. The inside has a very clean, beach-y feel. The bar area is spacious and it was a perfect spot to sit and have a quiet drink and chat before going out on the town. The back garden here was one of my favorite spaces in the city, apparently they are renovating it and you will soon be able to eat there again. There is also a chef's counter. The bartenders were exceptionally friendly and very helpful - I went with a friend and we both ordered off-menu cocktails, the bartender was game for googling recipes for a drink he didn't know and made it perfectly the first time.I was waitlisted for tonight, so I was pretty excited to try out this place when they called me in the afternoon. I immediately canceled the other restaurant I planned on going beforehand.
First, my friend and I started with a grapefruit martini, it's got grapefruit juice, gin and prosecco. It was tasty, even though I'm not a gin fan.
For the first entree, we got lobster with oyster mushrooms in duck fat bearnaise (very rich), peeky toe crabs (delicious), and raw Kumamoto oysters (sweet and refreshing). Everything was flavorful and aromatic. I just thought the duck fat bearnaise overpowered the lobster meat's sweetness.  
For the second entree, we got the Golden Tile, Sea Bass and Skate with truffled spaetzle, parmesan broth, melted leeks. All of the fishes were cooked perfectly, but overall these dishes were salty. Not fish salty, but added sodium. 
We were pretty content with our meals, however, dessert was a disappointment. We got the chocolate truffle torte with salted pretzel, vanilla ice cream and drizzled with caramel, and lemon pound cake with poppy seed ice cream. The torte was like biting into a block of fudge and didn't mix well with the salted pretzel. We literally all took one bite and the rest was untouched. The lemon pound cake was so dense and sugary, it was sticking to my mouth. 
I would go back to this place again since they do change their menus everyday according to the supply of fresh fish and not many restaurants serve Tile. However, I wouldn't rush to go back to this place.My boyfriend and I went to dinner here last night for his birthday.  The food is excellent but the service was very disappointing especially for a week night.  I would be very hesitant to go here on a busy weekend.
We had 8:30 p.m. reservations but were running a little behind so we called and asked to push it back to 9:15 p.m., they were very accommodating, it was also a Wednesday night.
Our meal and food was absolutely delicious!  I cannot complain about the way anything was cooked.  
The service on the other hand, is another issue.  
We were seated at 9:15 p.m. and did not receive our main course until well after 10 p.m.  The Mr. had three oysters (raw) and had ordered a raw appetizer, the fluke.  I went with the octopus, cooked.  My app arrived before his so I waited to eat until his app came out.  After 5 minutes we realized, he ordered a raw app, where is it?  We reminded the manager and it was out within a couple minutes.  Despite them forgetting about his fluke, it was quite delicious, as was the octopus. We then waited until well after 10 p.m. for our main dish.  Both came out at the same time and were very good.  I had also ordered a side of the T ruffled Spatzel that  I had read raving reviews about but that never came out either. 
The manager was nice enough to take the fluke off of our bill since it was sent to another table and we probably wouldn't have gotten it had be not reminded them and luckily the spatzel never even made it to the table or the bill.  Maybe they just had an off night.If you like seafood, you have to check out Fish. Their skate dish is to die for. Do yourself a favor and splurge on some appetizers, as well - I have a soft spot for the king crab.
Great atmosphere. The window seats also provide for entertaining people watching.
I would go back again in a heartbeat. I'm not sure other seafood in the city can live up to what Fish has to offer.Sat at the bar with my SO and had 4 apps, a side and a couple of drinks.  The best dishes were the octopus carpaccio and the mussels.  The spaetzle got much too soggy very quickly (from the parm broth).  The scallops were well cooked, but forgettable otherwise.  They absolutely must do something to fix that red sauce on the crab ravioli:  it tasted like dessert and there really was no need to add sugar to the sauce since the crab filling is sweet naturally.  The mussels were fine, though the curry could use refinement.  Generally okay service at the bar, though we had to ask for water several times.  I think it's a good addition to that block, though I miss AP's spirit.Certainly my favorite Philly dining experience to date. 
Delicious is an understatement. Heavenly, maybe? Out of this world, for sure. Highlights of the evening included
-the boyfriend's grilled octopus, lamb shank, other assorted amazingnesses appetizer
-my salmon and mussels entree 
-and the pear cobbler with rum raisin ice cream dessert (complete with birthday candle)
-My waitress was sweet, attentive and kind of hilarious. 
The only thing that could make this place better is a bigger space-- but I'd gladly rub elbows with strangers again for another fantastic meal.Gave it another shot this week and they passed - LOL with flying colors -   from start to  finish was excellent -  I must say  -  everything from last visit greatly improved and no bumps in the road  -  I stil have to emphasize that the staff here is as good as it gets.  Congrats to Joshua to the next level - He is as good as it gets -  If he leads by example, they they will have all others beat!We never made it to Little Fish but were delighted to see that Fish had opened in its place. We can't say enough how wonderful the service was (thank you to Tim and Nicole!) and how delicious the food is! We had the octopus salad, lobster dish, and rock shrimp for the first course: the octopus was perfectly cooked! Main entrees included the striped sea bass, salmon, swordfish, and skate. All parties seemed quite happy with their dishes and wouldn't have changed a thing. I had the striped sea bass which was a perfect balance of flavors. This is our restaurant of choice when we travel through Philadelphia!The drinks are great! The mussels are great too. Def. try them! A Gossamer past, Barry Allen-- these are my favorite drinks and very popular for good reason. This place gets packed quick so try to get there at least by 5:15pm b/c the bar is tiny. I like how the kitchen is right in plain sight. The workers are friendly too and it's very unpretentious at least for now.What happened???!
The dishes were overly complicated and I felt the attention was no longer on the fish. 
The scallops and octopus were ordinary, and possibly of a lower grade. The espresso (about 1/4 of a shot) was served cold and the chestnut cake tasted as if it originated in a box. 
The presentation was strikingly similar to what you would find at a Star restaurant when serving the masses: consistent and good, though seriously lacking charm and attention.
The new location was disappointing; the design was unoriginal and dull (the opposite of their old location which was romantic and cozy), complete with a view of the parking lot across the street. It felt like dining at a hotel. Oh wait, it was! 
It is very sad to see a restaurant choose quantity over quality. Fish is no longer my favorite restaurant in this city...Read about this restaurant from another blog and the happy hour specials tempted me to travel from the Art Museum to try out this very intimate restaurant.  
Happy hour included drink specials such as $6 mojitos, $3 bottle of Sol (Mexican beer), $1/raw oyster (I prefer the NY Blue Point, but this depends on what is the catch of the day), $5 lobster knuckles, $5 crispy rock shrimp. 
Delicious.  If you do come for happy hour (5-7pm M-Th, 9pm-1am F-S), DO ARRIVE EARLY.  The bar only fits 8 people and it fills up rather quickly.  Our bartender was very attentive. 
Overall, good deal all around.A very small little restaurant.  It basically a townhouse made into restaurant.  The seating area is on the 1st floor only and the kitchen is right next to the bar.  I guess due to it being so small you typically need to make reservations.  We made reservations for 7:30pm and was late due to traffic.  They told us they were not able to seat us until 9:45pm.  We choose to sit in the bar since we didn't want to wait until 9:45pm (I dont' recommend it).  The bar was very smoky  from the kitchen and crowded because you have the bar people drinking there too. It's so tight in there .... the folks drinking kept bumping into me and was right next to my food as they ordered their drinks.
As for the food, please know the menu is very limited.  There was only four entrees to choose from and two sides, and three appetizers.  I don't suggest pregnant women to eat here.  I know fish is okay but check the menu before you go.  When I went, they had mackerel, tile, and oyster on their limited menu so it's hard for preggos to find something to eat since those items tend to be high in mercury or raw.  (Just a FYI...they don't call is Fish for nothing). Also, that night they ran out of 1 of their 4 entrees....so you really only had 3 dishes to choose from. 
Honestly, I was not at all impress with the food. Our fish came out under cooked in the middle ....like raw ....not flaky.   Not sure whether it was too busy for them (it was a Saturday night) or just a off-night. 
Based on my experience of the smokiness , under cooked entree, limited menu, cold bread, and prices are expensive (3 of us no drinks, no desserts, just 3 entree one side, 2 appetizer- it was $170 beware)..... I'll probably not come here again.  I just wasn't an enjoyable meal/ambiance  for the amount of money.
On a last note, the bartender there is great!  He chased after us when my friend left something at the bar.  We thought that was rather nice of him to return it to us...after running half a block.  We appreciate it!!!!Once in a while an experience comes along that redefines how I look at things.  Just when I think I've seen my fair share, tasted a great majority of what Philadelphia has to offer, life (the universe, whatever) throws a new one at me.  Fish was that restaurant.
I made reservations nearly 3 weeks in advance just because I knew my parents were coming into town.  To preface, they are extremely picky eaters and while they appreciate many of the places I've taken them to, I think it's been difficult for them to feel comfortable at our past dining establishment.  From the get-go, they were psyched and gazed over the menu with wide eyes and pointed out different items they saw like excited children in a candy shop.
We started with 3 Rhode Island oysters.  Not only did they have 9 types of oysters that evening, but our waitress knew the flavor profile of each of them.  My mom was concerned about eating "very salty" oysters so our waitress recommended the Rhode Island ones, calling them "east coast oysters with a west coast personality" (fresh water).  They were spot on.
Our apps for the table were the grilled octopus and the sardines.  Our initial reactions were "oohs" and "aahs" as we fell back into our north jersey italian style of trying to force feed each other because everything tasted perfect.  "Here you've got to try this!" "Did you get the pine nuts with the yogurt?"  "These pickled jalapenos are ridiculous!"  Yeah, it was a little nuts.  Good thing we had an early reservation and were seated in the back of the restaurant.
Mains were the halibut, the swordfish and the skate wing.  The skate wing, being one of their menu regulars had leek puree and grated truffle over it.  Let me be clear, this was unlike any amount of truffle I had ever seen.  The shavings were huge, almost cheese size.  My mom asked "what is this black stuff on top?" I, doing my best not to lose it said "that's black truffle and you're in for a treat."  Needless to say, I think she enjoyed herself.  My dad and I had similar reactions to our entrees and the sharing of food continued.
Dessert was also perfection.  A bombolini with rosemary sorbet, grapefruit, pistachios and homemade donut holes.  I, I, tear up just thinking about how incredible it was.
With the check, some cilantro marshmallows and passion fruit whiskey mini cookies.
Consider my world rocked.Oh. my. GODS.  - thank you for putting an amazing seafood restaurant smack in the middle of the city!  I had read about it in the Metro newspaper under Seafood happy hours to check out and even highlighted it to remember to try.  Last week my husband, myself, and a few friends were on a mission to 'oyster happy hour hop' around Rittenhouse to places that had a $1 oyster specials.  Of course this really just included Oyster House and Fish within walking distance.  We went to Oyster House first, had a dozen or so oysters washed down with some pale ales, and then ventured onward to Fish which I figured would be more of the same.  But oh, it was anything but.  Sure, the venue is small, especially the bar area - but really cute and cozy.  It was crowded for a bit as happy hour crews were streaming through - but we all eventually found spots at the bar.  I wish I could remember the origins of the oysters we had because there were two types that I think I could classify as the best oysters I have ever tasted so far in life.  We also got a lobster app that had a sauce that was 'lick the bowl good' and 2 rounds of oyster shooters which truly made our oyster hop complete.  Sooo looking forward to going back for the dinner experience!My wife and I went her for Valentine's day.  Started off with oysters and moved on to the skate for me and cod for her, since the suzuki had run out.  Both were excellently done, with subtle flavors as opposed to an explosion of salt and sugar that you get at some places doing these types of broth dishes.
Even at the end of the night (~10) the service was helpful.  Definitely recommended.I love Fish!  I had the skate, which was amazing, and my friends were equally happy with their dishes.  Their cocktails were also delicious, as were our selection of various appetizers.  Quite simply, nothing negative to say whatsoever!  Great ambiance, lovely bar if you're just looking for a nice atmosphere for drinks; outdoor seating in the summertime, and wonderful service.When Fish opened up around the corner from me, I was a bit doubtful since I had seen the downfall of several establishments that had operated at this location, but the food here is amazing.  I had the skate wing with truffled spaetzle (spaetzle is a traditional German noodle dish) which is to die for.  Actually, I would probably come back for happy hour and just get a bowl of spaetzle.  My friend got the swordfish, which was also good, but it did not compare to the skate wing.Food was decent enough.  4 stars for food alone.  One of our appetizers was garnished with burnt fish skin ash/tar?  Not a fan.  Might have gone back if it wasn't for the pretentious staff and servers.  Called ahead because we were going to be 15 minutes late for our 5PM reservation on Saturday night and was informed that they would see if they could hold on to the table.  We got there and the place was empty.  We were the 3rd table in the restaurant.  Our server Ashley was rude and inattentive.  She only had 1 other table and was not considerate of our needs.  Waitresses at chain restaurants have better attitudes than her.  Very turned off by her poor service but mostly the pretentious attitudes of the wait staff of a place that isn't even worth going to a second time.  The place tries to be an upscale restaurant but only comes off as pretentious.I used to go to Little Fish from time to time and always found the food there pretty good, was disappointed when it closed. This new place is much larger and I went there for happy hour once by myself and then for dinner with a friend a few weeks ago. It doesn't have the same cozy vibe as the old place, but instead offers a more elegant, upscale experience and a wider range of menu options. I wish it was still a BYOB, but on the other hand the bartenders seem very good and the wine selection well thought-out.
The happy hour is excellent, a great time to try Fish if you're not sure you want to commit to a full-on dinner. The drinks all very tasty and reasonably priced. It's nice to sit at the small bar, with the open window, and enjoy a few simple snacks. Among these, the lobster knuckles (the best part of the lobster, in my opinion) were very good, but kind of a pain to eat sitting at the bar with minimal implements (perhaps the kitchen could have at least cut through the shell for us?). The oysters were also good, with several varieties all helpfully labeled. Only complaint about that was that the flavor was masked by a rather heavy-handed mignonette sauce, which should have been served on the side. I usually like my oysters with just a little lemon and that's it.
For dinner, we started with a lobster tail app that had a very beautiful béarnaise sauce. Béarnaise can be tricky, but this one was perfectly prepared, very light and flavorful, an ideal pairing with the lobster. I might try this at home sometime this summer, but I doubt I'll be able to do as well!
Then came the skate, served over spaetzle with a truffled parmesan broth. I love skate and love it even more when it is excellently prepared, as this was. They bring it to you in a shallow bowl-plate and then pour the creamy hot broth all around, which is a nice touch reminiscent of French service. My companion had grouper, also excellently prepared. Anybody who cooks fish in Philly should visit Fish to see how it's done!
Oh, one last note--the bread and butter at Fish are delicious. I was wondering why the butter was so good when I overheard a server telling another table that the butter is made from goat's milk! What a great idea, a nice attention to just another little detail that helps make this a really great restaurant!I dined at their new location on their first Sat. night and overall was extremely pleased.
The food quality, ingredients and preparation were first rate.  I enjoyed the Roasted Baby Beet Salad and Wahoo (substituted for Cobia but prepared the same way).
Some observations:
*Attractive decor but very noisy ambiance
*Menu lacks description of how dishes are prepared; server wasn't particularly helpful either
*1st course dishes are a bit small
* Desserts are excellent but are small portions & overpriced 
*Coffee was excellent
*Manager was personable, and solved a service issue with tact & grace.
My only advice is to lower dessert prices or increase portion size.  I look forward to dining there again soon!I love this place! This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city and it keeps getting better. The bar area is really cute too and they have happy hour specials. It's a small bar area so get there early if you want a seat.  
The menu changes often because they use only the freshes fish, hence the name FISH. If you don't like seafood don't come because there are only a few non-fish items on the menu.  I love the way they prepare the fish and add differnt herbs and seasonings to make it like a dish you have never had before. 
I can't wait to come back again soon! :)I went the first week it opened, so I think I need to go back...food was excellent...service was a little slow....I definately want to go back soon!
I also wish Litle Fish would open up again....I LOVEd that place!I'll keep this review as simple as possible: Extremely overrated, over-priced, and over-hyped.  The food was so average!I didn't have a full dinner at Fish, but  based on what I tasted, I'll be back to do so very shortly.  I've been hearing nothing but good things about this place so we decided to stop by for a drink and some snacks at the bar.  
For drinks, Fish offers a well-selected array of seafood (and pocket) friendly wines and beers and a dozen or so specialty cocktails.  I recommend trying the Picpoul de Pinet (a little known and splendid dry white from the South of France) with just about any seafood you order and the Spanish 75 (a classic gin based drink topped with cava) for a cocktail to start.  The bartenders were excited about their specialty drinks and even cranked out a perfect Pisco Sour for my boyfriend.  Pretty much everyone sitting at the bar was drinking something from the list.   
On that note, the bar has a mere 8 seats, so snatch one up while you can.  The bartenders (ours was Matt) are incredibly friendly, knowledgeable and way into the food and drink they serve.  We tried a selection of West Coast Oysters--priced reasonably at 2 buck each--which served with tags that identified each variety.  This was a MAJOR plus (assuming you care what you're eating) and something that no one else has thought of.  You don't have to rely on the food runner or your own memory to remember what kind of oyster you're eating.  
We also had the peekytoe crab appetizer, which was served over cucumber and avocado (and an awesome sauce; I can't recall the ingredients).  There was a hot/cold & sweet/salty contrast happening that made us crave more.  Finally, we had the bluefin tuna crudo which was served on a massive brick of beautifully colored Himalayan sea salt and dressed simply with tiny orange segments and chilis.  The presentation alone was stunning.  The fish was about the freshest I've ever tasted and it picked up the perfect amount of briny tang from the salt lick it rode in on.
All in all, this is some of the freshest and thoughtfully prepared seafood I've had in Philadelphia or anywhere.  I can't wait to go back with friends and order the entire menu.Jamie & George at the bar were fabulous!
We came for oysters and cocktails.  I was a bit disappointed by the Happy Hour oysters, but can't expect a porch at a corolla price.  We did however get the Fire River Osyters and were blown away! they were amazing! 
Note to all... Pay the extra for the Fire River oysters - they will knock your socks off!!The happy hour here - offered both at normal happy hour time and again late at night - is the best by far. I know I said this in my initial review but it's still true: I daydream about this food! Some recent faves include salmon meatballs and an heirloom tomato salad with burrata. The special cocktails are usually great, but my favorite wine is usually on the menu too. Service is nothing less than stellar.Welcomed addition to the GAYBORHOOD - Never visited when at previous location.  We have been twice since FISH opened it's doors last week.  Typically I like to try a place at least twice to see if the food and experience is same or better second time around.  
Our first visit was the second day open -  Food was excellent - As with any opening there were a few kinks to be worked out but nothing serious and it did not stop us from going back a few days later.  
Our second visit was just as great.  Food and service were both great.  We did try to walk in on Friday night and it was packed and without a reservation there were no tables available.
I will say we like a quiet dinner experience so for us it will be a weeknight or Sunday evening.  The noise level when we walked in on Friday was a little over the top for us.
The music selection was also a little strange.  It seemed to be some Brazilian Jazz.  I am not sure what the proper music is for a seafood restaurant but what was playing just did not work.   
We will not let these little things stand in they way of going back for another delicious meal.
PS -  A little pricy for the location but well worth it.The great and fabulous boyfriend surprised me with dinner here, as I had been regaling him with stories of how much I LOVED Little Fish. Fish did not disappoint! Amosphere was incredibly romantic, not meant for a business dinner...started with a lobster appetizer accompanied by an amazing pea ravioli. Dinner consisted of salmon (me) and swordfish (him). The boyfriend is not a fan of seafood, but gave it a try for me and now...he LOVES IT!! Fish has converted him!! His swordfish was cooked with porkbelly and was so succulent it was ridiculous..we topped it all off with a homemade chocolate torte with a pretzel crust and whoopie pie ice cream (the owner's mom still makes all desserts). So good, can't wait to try his new one, FathomI've heard mixed reviews on this place in it's old location.  However, perhaps they've revamped strategy as well as style for their new space.  I mean you can't mess around with style when you're on 13th and locust.   
The grilled octopus appetizer included this neat battered and fried egg yolk, it was pretty innovative.  We also had oysters which were fine, but I never credit a place for oysters aside from presentation. As our entree, we had the skate wing and the cobia. It was the first time I've had cobia, and I really liked it. The dish included lamb sausage and brussel sprouts too. Overall, good dishes. 
Mind blowing, omg? Maybe not. I still prefer little fish, but this place is a good alternative. This service was great and the beer selection is as well.I came with three others for my father's birthday on Halloween.  On Sundays they only offer a five-course tasting menu, and you don't choose the courses.
In addition to the menu, we ordered a few oysters.  They were good, but I don't know if I'd need them again for $2.5 each.  Our server was helpful in explaining some of the differences between them.  I also lost my Pisco sour virginity.  It was tasty, but had less bite from acid or alcohol than I expected.
Our first course was cobia with beet gazpacho and pistachios.  The fish was raw and thinly sliced, but a bit hard to cut through.  Next was _____, which came with almonds and various swirls of beets, orange, lemon, and watercress.  Third was bass on top of a butternut squash puree and shaved zucchini, with beet-dyed rice mounded into a brain shape.  The last fish course was mahi mahi and trumpet mushrooms with a black sauce mostly made of squid ink and celeriac.  Dessert had been listed on the menu as pumpkin cake with (I think) black pepper ice cream, but our server told us that the cake hadn't turned out like the chef wanted, so they were serving pumpkin ice cream instead.
The food all tasted good and looked pretty, but I had a few problems.  They were all served in different bowls.  One of the bowls was nestled in a larger bowl with dry ice releasing steam, which seemed pointless.  Every dish pretty much consisted of a piece of fish with various purees and maybe something small for crunch.  Beets figured largely in the first two dishes and was used to dye the rice in the third.  
The ice cream was decent, but we were all disappointed.  If we hadn't been expecting cake, ice cream might've been fine, but this seemed like a half-assed cover-up.  I'm pretty sure I'd seen a plate of cake go out earlier in the evening.  Our server's explanation of the missing cake seemed terse, and she didn't seem very apologetic.  
Also, I wish they'd better managed expectations in terms of portion size--the first two dishes were very small, and I was worried I'd leave hungry.  The last piece of fish was relatively large, so I wound up satisfied, but we were all afraid that every dish would be pretty but small and not filling enough.  
Our server referred to both me and my father as dear, which was a bit annoying.  They tried to bring dishes for each person at about the same time, but then they explained what was in each dish, and I felt like I had to wait for them to finish.  We received bread once, but we had to ask for more several times, as they removed our spoons and we wanted to sop up sauces.  The bread was a bit dense and dry.
I'm interested in going back to see whether the regular menu offers some more variety.  If not, the quality of the food was still pretty good for what we paid.  Overall, though, there were a few things missing to take the experience from a decent one to a good or great one.My husband and I had a wonderful dinner at Fish. Everything we ordered from appetizer to dessert was amazing. Can't wait to try Little Fish in Queen Village.I can't believe it.  Something SUCCESSFUL has finally opened in the doomed astral plane space.  What a relief.
Quiet, warm space and excellently prepared fish dishes.  To me, I found the overall experience much better than little fish for a few reasons.
1. the space is much bigger, so you're guaranteed to get your table when you reserved it (waited 25 min for my reservation at little fish). 
2. they have an actual kitchen space, which means that unlike Litte Fish, i did not walk out of the restaurant smelling like seafood!
3. dishes were a little more high end than those at little fish.
definitely going back -- would bring everyone from friends to parents!Really good cocktails.
Great decor and atmosphere.
The food is phenomenal. 
We split a bunch of plates and were really happy with everything, especially the 
octopus, mahi mahi, and raw tuna salad (although this was tiny).
We came for a friend's birthday, had a really great meal and great times, the tables are far enough apart that we could have a hilariously inappropriate conversation and crack up uncontrollably without disturbing people, but close enough that you can see how delicious the other people's food looks.
2 weird things
1. The shellfishy butter. not a fan, but some might like it.
2. Our waitress, being culturally awkward and thanking the busboy in front of us with a very mispronounced, very awkward GRACIAS. um. what?The service failed to meet the quality of the food.  There was a definite disconnect between the two.I think that the food at Little Fish was slightly better, but the atmosphere at Fish makes the entire dinner experience much more enjoyable. The restaurant is dimly lit with wooden tables and chairs. It makes for a romantic, unpretentious atmosphere. We ordered the black bass crudo, spaetzle, escolar (me) and suzuki (my date). We also ordered a bottle of the Frederic Giachino Abymes wine. The black bass crudo was served on a salt block. If you've ever been to LIttle Fish, you might recall that they also use salt blocks. The black bass crudo was so delicately flavored with lime, cilantro and cashew that I could barely tell other flavors were present, but it did allow the fresh fish flavor to shine. Our entrees were what we expected - delicious, perfectly cooked fish presented beautifully. The wine, which I'd never heard of, was exactly as the waitress described - crisp with a mineral finish. The portions were pretty generous so we did not even have room for dessert. Overall, it was an enjoyable dinner experience.Just went back to Fish for happy hour last night. Still great, but sadly the oysters are now $1.50 each instead of $1. In no way a bad deal, but I have to update to 4 stars, if only because several area restaurants still offer buck-a-shuck during happy hour.Quite a while since our last trip to Fish, so it was time to check out the new digs.  Classy and well decorated, it's got a modern dockside feel.  Not a huge space, but the openness really breaks free from the hole in the wall claustrophobia some of the smaller restaurants have.  If I could complain about anything, it's maybe a little sterile.
Service struck me as more formal than I remembered.
Wine & Beer lists get the job done, although they were out of the doppelbock I was hoping to try.  Ruination IPA is a more than adequate backup option though.
No amuse-bouche, oh well.
Our appetizer laid upon a baby food consistency yogurt based sauce.  The abundant octopus was cooked well and presented better, and overall the dish was pretty good.  
Candied nuts on the salad never received their candying.
Not entirely sure what to make of my Cobia entree.  Paired with pork shoulder, red quinoa, rhubarb, roasted red onion, and saba, there was quite a bit going on.  Large cut and spread apart, you're forced to explore the different combinations.  Sounds promising, but I actually disliked the dish initially until I got the mixture right.  Oddly enough it was the roasted red onions that really brought it together, though the rhubarb was pretty exceptional.  So in the end I did like it, though I lost some bites to experimentation.
Wife on the other hand did not enjoy her bass dish.  It was cooked well, but she wasn't digging the flavor that much, though it was hard to judge as it was over-salted pretty badly.  
I don't know, it felt like a departure from the experience we had about a year ago, when the intimacy of the old location enhanced the perfectly melded flavors of the best skate I've had to date.  It's still on the menu, hopefully still as good.