Great, no fuss neighborhood place for a tasty, simple breakfast. Basic eggs and omelets, pancakes and more. Rotating specials. I'll echo a lot of the other reviews which mention the lack of pretentiousness, which is refreshing among the Philly brunch scene.This place continues to be wonderful and just never disappoints.  I am happy to say we are now considered regulars and can not go into the city without stopping by.  There are always specials to augment the already varied and wonderful menu staples and the service simply enhances the meal and just makes going to the Fritzwater cafe a lovely respite in your day.waited over 15 minutes for drinks and then got them and 2 were wrong. got our food and then waited another 10 minutes for silverware. she brought out the check with our meal and said were closing you have to pay the bill now. the service was terrible and we were rushed out which to me is completely unacceptableMy boyfriend and I try to come here for breakfast/lunch/brunch as much as we can because we absolutely love it. It's clean, it's friendly, it's cute and cozy, and it's not pretentious.
It's mostly a neighborhood-y joint, which, to me, translates to awesome food. Unfortunately, its strong sense of community means it fills up fast for breakfast/brunch on the weekends. Luckily, we've found a way around this problem: since the Fitzwater Cafe is frequented by mostly working class locals, we've noticed that if you come for breakfast/lunch during the week (which they offer and I greatly appreciate), you will be seated immediately!
One of my favorites is the Prosciutto sandwich. It comes with the perfect ratio of pesto, greens, tomato, and meat on a satisfyingly crispy Sarcone's roll (which I am always a sucker for). I also add some fresh mozzarella to put it over the top. You get your choice of a side salad or homefries (both of which are worth trying). I always pretend that I'm only going to eat half of the sandwich and save the rest for later, but I always give in and devour the entire thing.This is the best neighborhood spot ever!! Awesome omelettes and pancakes and French toast. They have a dish I think is phenomenal: the pesto, tomato, mozzarella omelette. Delicious. 
Cash only. And you'll probably have to wait a bit being that its very small inside.Wonderful food! The breakfast tacos are fantastic. Cozy atmosphere with very friendly staff. Long waits are the only downside.Fitzwater Cafe has friendly atmosphere where you immediately get a sense that the owners value their customers. I came around 12:00 today(Sunday) and was able to get a parking spot outside in their lot and a table within 10mins. Although the menu is not extensive their food is prepared just the way you want it. I recommend the Vegetarian Sandwich(on Sarcone's Bread!) French Toast or Goat Cheese Omelet. Food came out fast as did coffee and waters.Love this spot!This is another place we've passed while riding our bikes. We finally tried it today with our son and his girlfriend. 
We started with coffee: salted caramel and cococcino. (Not sure if I have the coffee names correct.) the caramel was fine, but the cococcinos tasted watery with little flavor. We had expected something rich and flavorful; we were sadly mistaken. We added half and half to the mugs but still the coffee was disappointing. 
After the coffee, the meal was a surprising delight. Creme brûlée French toast was excellent, the bread light and flavorful, the custard sauce perfectly made. 
Eggs Benedict were excellent, the yolks soft and runny and the whites firm but not at all rubbery, with a smooth and creamy hollandaise. 
My husband ordered his usual eggs over easy, sausage and potatoes. After eating it he pronounced Fitzwater Cafe as his new favorite brunch place. 
I had the frittata with cheese, sausage, spinach and potatoes. The dish was very good, but it wasn't a frittata; it was a round open-faced omelet with the other items on top. Delicious, but not a frittata. 
Overall it was a very pleasant meal, and I'm sure we will return many times. 
Just, please - make the cococcinos without so much water!My partner and I have been wanting to check this place out. I saw here on Yelp that they had gluten free bread, which is part of the reason why we came here. We arrived at 9:00. I ordered a soy latte and they said they were out of soy milk. No milk alternatives at all. So we just ordered coffees. The coffee was actually very good, and I'm picky! When it came time to order our meals we were told that they do not have any gluten free bread at the moment. We decided then that we would just go home and make breakfast and give this place another try some other time. 
3 stars because our server was very nice and apologetic and the coffees were comped, as they should be.Nice little spot for brunch -- gets pretty packed on the weekends, so you'll probably be waiting a while for a seat if you show up after 10am. Very good service. Had the avocado omelet last time I went and it was stellar, plus the breakfast potatoes are perfection. Their dessert case is also sinfully spectacular with artfully created confections, but I'm always too full on the way out to get anything. I suggest if you go, pick out a dessert to take home before you dine!This is my favorite breakfast/lunch place in Philly!  I've been eating here for many years and EVERY SINGLE time it's extraordinary.  Favorites are the Italian Eggs and the Bella Vista Frittata - keeps me full for the whole day.  The service is extraordinary - Sunday with Nicole is a joy!!!what an adorable place to have brunch. a little pricey, cash only...but it was a nice place to go with the roommates for sunday brunch.
good service. great food. fresh squeezed orange juice to accompany your breakfast.
breakfast for champions i say.I tried this restaurant for brunch today and did not find it very appealing.  It resembled a "slop house" diner to me.  I found the service non-attentive and a bit slow.  The croissant breakfast sandwich tasted bland and was smothered in cheese.  The croissant did not taste fresh, rather like the frozen variety.  Believe me.... pass this place up for a better breakfast spot like Sabrina's!Nutella banana french toast. Need I say more? This is a neighborhood gem. Fitzwater all day!This is a great spot! Can't wait to go back. Great breakfast. Had 2 sunny eggs with potatoes and toast, and split the creme brûlée pancakes with my boo. Pancakes were decadent. The potatoes are AMAZING I would do a lot of things to have those potatoes every day of my life. Coffee was also great. Service was good. Expect a wait for weekend brunch. Cash only.Love this little place! CASH ONLY and BYOB! Great for brunch on the weekends but be prepared to wait if you go during peak brunch hours. It's a more unique restaurant in comparison to the more popular brunch places around Philly. They have a good variety of foods and desserts. I almost always get the creme brulee french toast (with gluten free bread). It is amazing! They are very nice when it comes to customizing dishes/subbing out certain food items. 
They don't take reservations. I normally go before 10am and don't have to wait for a table. Their food is good and their service is always great. There is free parking in front of the cafe as well. You can also order take out here too if you don't feel like waiting for a table.The Fitzwater Cafe never disappoints. It is very popular on Sunday mornings. I enjoyed the creme brûlée pancakes immensely. The fruit was so fresh! Delicious and filling!! Will definitely be back !My husband and I stopped in here the other week for a to-go coffee and the dessert case had us drooling. We avoided temptation, but everything looked so good that we decided to stop in for brunch this Saturday. The place was packed, but after a 10-minute wait we got two seats at the counter. Service was quick and friendly and our waitress was attentive in that she refilled drinks and took our order after we had a chance to review the menu. I ordered grilled cheese and soup of the day, which was mushroom. It was tasty. My husband got eggs, which were cooked correctly, English muffin, potatoes and a delicious plate of andouille sausage---boy, was that good! He must have liked his meal, because the plate was practically licked clean. The coffee and iced tea were really good, too, and that isn't always the case at diners. I loved the atmosphere and would definitely return.I really like this place!  The pancakes are really good and the coffee is decent as well.  I usually get pancakes, latte and bacon.  My husband tries all the different menu items.  They also have muffins and other pastries at the counter you can buy to go!  The downside?  It's rather small and you sometimes have to wait awhile for a table.  Also, cash only.Awesome top to bottom of the menu - with excellent service. Always more than happy after eating here.  It's a Philly wonder not to be missed. The creme brûlée French toast and the breakfast sandwiches are fantastic.We loved the Fitzwater Cafe when we lived in town, and now we come in from Haverford almost every Sunday for the best blueberry pancakes around. And everything else is delicious and creative as well.  The staff is simply super!Absolutely delicious! Ordered the monte cristo with home fries on the side. It was perfect. Real fresh ham, not the gross stuff in the package. Good came out quick  and we didn't have to wait longer than 5 minutes to get sat. They have a pretty decent menu and also have fresh old school espresso. Definitely will be back if I am in the area ! Also it is cash only.This place was amazing! Great service, even better food. The only bad thing was that it's cash only... like really? Get with the times! Our party had 6 people and we couldn't split the check so it was a hassle to have to find an ATM and divide up the bill. But if you always carry cash then I'd highly recommend this place!Wait until you hear the specials! This Bella Vista Cafe is as good as it gets for breakfast and lunch. I go here at least once a week and they never fail to exceed expectations.  Nicole and Sally are extremely attentive wait staff during the week.  
PRO TIP: Go on days when "Mom" is cooking and the portions are slightly larger and the cup of soup is the equivalent of a bowl anywhere else. 
All the salads are solid, and they all come with delicious pesto toast that is extremely addictive.  Prosciutto sandwich is great with sharp provolone.  
The daily specials are all great, and extremely varied, from jumbo lump crab and pasta to chicken salad, you cannot go wrong with any of the specials.Great food, lots of parking, good prices and all round good vibe. Definitely going back again and again. In fact I hv another brunch planned in a couple of weeks and this is our top pickA pretty good 4 star joint. Nothing crazy on the menu.  Just a solid breakfast / brunch sport that serves good food.Food is really good here. Italian sausage, spinach, Bell peppers fritatas. Flavors were amazing. I had to be greedy and got 1 French toast. Lol. It did Not disappoint. So freakin good. Slightly sweet, crispy but soft. Not too eggie. But just perfect. Coffee is pretty good. Everything taste like Its homemade. Extra plus for me.
This place has It's own parking lot but Also has street parking. Super packed and has a little wait. Waited about 20 minutes or so. Definitely a local spot that you can't miss out. Arrive early. Staff is friendly and efficient.this place is usually so crowded that i've never gotten to go before, a popularity like that usually ensures you're getting something good, but then again, hundreds of thousands of people voted for bush, right? well in this case, i think it may be worth it, though i would only go for three and a half stars if it were an option. we were seated at the counter and could see all of the food being made, all of which looked good, the selection struck me as small but they do cover most of the bases. i had french toast,home fries, sausage and eggs over easy, which they nailed! to be perfectly honest their french toast was one of the best ive ever had. they were a bit understaffed and though they didnt seem to struggle too much, it was a little harried. good coffee too. i would go back but i wouldnt wait in line, so i'll probably be at the royal next week.My husband and I come here for brunch fairly regularly. Even though there are a ton of decent brunch places in our neighborhood, we can't resist jumping in the car and driving over here (added bonus is that they have a parking lot, although street parking isn't a problem). The portions are enormous and the food is delicious. I'd love to say I've tried more than one thing on the menu, but since the creme brûlée French toast is so out of this world good, I can't bring myself to order anything else. My husband gets the 'cafe breakfast,' which he loves as well. Fresh squeezed OJ. Service is always top-notch. FYI - cash only!For what it is, it's hard to beat this place in location, offerings and price.
Being from Jersey, I appreciate a good diner.  Hell, I feel like that diners are something that I actually know about.  While this will not be a diatribe on what a diner is and is not, one thing we can all agree on is that diners are cheap.  So is Fitzwater Cafe.
There are many breakfast establishments in Philadelphia that cater to all kinds of demanding appetites.  Fitzwater excels in its simplicity.  I was able to take my father here for a simple breakfast one day and he's been raving about it ever since.  He then took my mom here and now they both rave about it.  My parents know approximately 3 places in Philadelphia and Fitzwater Cafe is one of them.
Based on their feedback, it's hard to find that level of quality for such a good price at such an approachable place.  You can go other places for your juevos rancheros or challah bread french toast.  This is your spot when you want your basic (albeit very well prepared) breakfast foods.Ordered a specialty sandwich... The Hart Sanwich or something, it was really, really tasty. It was extremely spicy whic lead to the flaw of this place, the service was no where to be found. I had a single glass of water the entire time and had to literally track down the waitress on foot for a second one.Love this place for breakfast/brunch!! The broccoli rabe omelette is my favorite! The soups & sandwiches r always very tasty! The service is beyond excellent!! And the desserts...OMG!! Don't miss this gem in S Philly!!!Best eggplant parm in the city. Great service, once they learn your name, they'll never forget it. And the desserts are heavenly.My friend and I just came here for breakfast this morning because I use to pass by this place all the time and decided to look up reviews for it. Turns out the reviews where right! This place is yummy!
My friend got the Avocado Omelette from the Special's menu, it also came with toast. I don't know what she was thinking.. She did not think there was avocado in it because it did not list it as a ingredient. BUT IT'S CALLED THE AVOCADO OMELETTE!! Lol. So I got some extra avocado for my Manuel's Breakfast Taco which was also on the Special's menu. Boy was it yummy! Finished every last bite.
The first thing we noticed when we walked in was the yummy looking tiramisu. We wanted to get it but was way too full. Next time. We will either go back for breakfast and get it or at least go and just get the tiramisu.Checking out he scenes in  Philadelphia last week and stopped in to check out the menu for lunch.  Small with a limited menu I wasn't sure if we made the right stop.  Well glad we did.  Terrible for not remembering a waitresses name (or any name for that matter).  very pleasant and helpful with the menu.  An Italian bean soup with a tomato base look interesting and ordered a bowl and my wife a cup.  Excellent. Good amount of beans carrots.  Broth tasted like tomato soup with cream or milk.  What ever it was it was the right combination..  Lite eaters we asked if we could order one sausage and cheese sandwich.  Pleasantly surprised it was brought out on two plates for us to enjoy. Great sweet sausage and tasty fried onions and pepper mix with mozzarella cheese.  Bread was outstanding.  I thought more french than Italian hard bread we are used to in Atlantic City.  Whatever it was again excellent.  Only suggestion is to ask for small side of marinara if you like sauce on your sandwich.  Also ask for sprinkle cheese and hot peppers if you want them on the table.  A very good experience and will return.  Prices are very reasonable.No nonsense, straight forward breakfast/brunch -- great food on every visit (have been there no less than 20 times).  Kind staff.  My choice over hawthornes & sam's (esp bc of wait times).We made my first visit to the Fitzwater Café this week.  Sorry I waited so long to find a really good, solid, friendly and nicely appointed breakfast/lunch spot.  We stopped in around 1:30 pm and were able to choose from both the breakfast and lunch menus.  I choose the breakfast tacos and they were delicious.  Substituting turkey bacon for the chorizo in the tacos was no problem- I love that, customer service rocks.  My husband loved his omelet - it was well cooked, loaded with ham and cheese, moist and large enough to share.  The service was friendly and attentive.   It is the kind down to earth place where they get to know their customers and whether a regular or newbie you are made to feel very welcome.   We will definitely be frequenting the Fitzwater Café regularly.  One more thing - the carrot cake was delicious - very moist, albeit the icing a bit too sweet for my taste, but hubby was in love.   The bill came to around $20 for breakfast for two with coffee, tea and a shared dessert.  Very reasonable give quality and portion sizes."They're not a hipster brunch place, they were doing brunch before it was cool!"
The Fitzwater Cafe is a South Philly/Queen Village staple; a perennial favorite of my grandmother's. The food is good, traditional brunch fare, and the waitstaff are great... Grandma goes head over heels for Jorge. As a suburbanite, parking is really easy; as an urbanite it's not bad to get to by bike.
The place is tiny- about 10 or so tables. I usually go during the weekdays but I imagine the brunch lines on the weekends would be tough. It's now open until 3 PM (a few years ago it used to close at 2).
Grandma & I both got Eggs Benedict, which had an amazing cheddar hollandaise sauce that left me wiping up the remnants with my spare potatoes. We also got 3 English muffins instead of 2. The eggs were done just right, and the English muffin was very enabling of the rest of the dish.
I come here occasionally, but it's great to know that they have managed to keep on making consistently good food, just like they have for years.Best brunch in the city. Period.
How often will you hear someone say, "even the toast is delicious..."? I can't tell quite how they do it (making breakfast is something at which I'm no slouch myself). But no place embodies the principle that even the simple things can be made exquisitely well better than Fitz Cafe.
Fluffy eggs, fresh ham, gorgeously green spinach, and on and on.... Usually lots of tempting specials, too. Sparkling clean and beautifully decorated down to the posters, a la French bistro in Manhattan, Fitz Cafe's former service station interior is a bit tight on a morning after; but way less so than its Italian Market competitor - and there's a spacious counter if you aren't fixed on tables. So don't spread it around too much lest us locals can't get a seat - but this is my pick, hands down, for best brunch in Philly. Or QV, anyway.Good food, bad service and cash only. Never coming back as they don't have cash only signs anywhere. Waited 10 mins at the counter for a check to be told I needed cash.Favorite breakfast in Philly- breakfasts burrito with andouille sausage and FRESHLY squeezed OJ- cash only but worth the troubleThis place gets between 4 and 5 stars! I live around the corner and have been here many a times. Brunch places abound in Bella Vista and this place is certainly a standout. There is usually a line on weekends but they are pretty efficient at seating people. The place is actually associated with/owned by the same people that own Saloon down the street. Fitz Cafe cranks out brunch staples at reasonable prices and generous portions. If you are craving sweet you must get the creme brûlée french toast (or any french toast they are offering on special!!). The portion is HUGE so if you're a light eater the half portion will more than fill ya up. The sandwiches, burrito etc are all good too. Be aware that they are cash only and the nearest ATM option is Rite Aid or the PNC about 3 blocks away. Great service too!!Went there this morning while visiting my daughter who lives a few blocks away. Excellent breakfast .Very crowded but the lines moved quickly. Wait staff very attentive, always filling your coffee or water. Always coming over and asking if you needed anything. Food was delicious , Big portions .Cash OnlyMy friends and I were here for brunch last Saturday.  The portions are big and we all struggled to finish our own dishes.  Plenty of food. I ordered the Bella Vista Frittata which was so dank.  My friends got breakfast burritos and pancakes and a few other things and they all enjoyed their foods.  Such a nice spot for a hearty meal.  Anticipate a slight waiting time for this place is notable.Delicious & very affordable breakfast! They also have friendly service and great specials only complaint would be they should get a nicer sign outside they have a huge bakery sign in the parking lot and it's confusing. But over all a great breakfast & linch spotFree parking, kinda small inside.  Had brunch on a Monday morning.  Breakfast/brunch was affordable.  My friends and I ordered the cafe breakfast included with 4 slices of french toast, 2 sausage patties, 2 eggs your way, and potatoes for $13.  I only finished half with 2 cups of coffee.  The menu had the usual breakfast items, nothing exciting  compared to Green Eggs Cafe or Sabrina's.   
My friend doesn't eat meats so he substituted with tuna salad and egg whites.  It was nice they compromised.  I definitely would go again.  I'm afraid of the weekend and if there is a long line.  I would come again.This is the first place that I have ever been able to give 5 stars. And it's due to the amazing creme brûlée French toast! Absolutely delicious. It was the best French toast that I have ever and probably will ever have. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a solid tasty breakfast with great prices, then this is an excellent place to go.Fitz Cafe is great for a diner style lunch. Don't expect anything fancy as it's definitely a traditional diner setup. But the foods good, portions are large and reasonably priced.Lots of good things about this place - friendly service, no wait on Sunday morning, standard brunch menu - but 1.) The spinach in my omelette was frozen.  I mean, it was hot by the time it got to me, but it had clearly come from the frozen food aisle. and 2.) The ham sucked. It was circular. You know what I mean. 
I'll give it another shot 'cause it's in my neighborhood, but I will steer clear of vegetables and meat.  The berry pancakes looked good.This cafe is a rare gem. First, they are dedicated to salted caramel and pull it off well. Second, they have their own parking, which is pretty convenient. Third, this place accommodates children pretty well. Bottom line: the prices are reasonable and the food delicious. I have tried the salted caramel French toast, the French onion omelette, and blueberry pancakes on different occasions. All were delicious.  
Some slight inconveniences: cash only, and they don't really have child proof cups.After reading all the wonderful reviews about brunch, I was a little nervous about going for dinner...could Fitzwater Cafe live up to its daytime glory?  Absolutely!
I started with the Beet Salad, which had a nice portion of beets, but wasn't the most interesting dish.
My entree was the Campanelle (which means "bell" in Italian), which was a beautiful pasta as well as a delicious one.  The cream sauce was light and had phenomenal flavor.
For dessert, the Fruit Tart was incredible with a burst of fresh fruit and a slightly sweet tart - a nice light option to top off a delicious meal.I'm with Paul A... 
Gave Fitzwater a try with my wife today, and was not impressed. There was nothing terribly wrong outside of their pricing. Perhaps my expectations were skewed from reading the 4- and 5-star reviews on Yelp. 
Fitzwater was clean and the service was OK -- no problems, but not memorable. The menu offered options from breakfast through brunch, some variety in choices but nothing unique. In the Fitzwater trend of falling short of expectations, the prices on the menu (which were on par with pricing at Sabrina's) promised outstanding, exemplary food, but the plates my wife and I ate were mediocre at best. The food at Fitzwater calls to mind greasy spoon diner food -- just fine for what it is. However, the diner-esque food was not available at diner prices... if the Fitzwater subtracted $4 or $5 from the prices, I'd be much happier about my breakfast. 
I had a special frittata and my wife got the Fitwater Breakfast (similar to a hungryman breakfast at a diner, but priced at over $10 -- I think it was $11 or $12). Our plates were at our table within 5 minutes of placing our order. Speed is nice, but I cook and I know a fresh-made frittata takes more time than that. This was more of an open face omellette than a frittata -- bland toppings piled on a round baked egg. My wife's french toast was kind of burnt. The potatoes were fine; again, nothing to write home about and maybe a fraction better than diner homefries (if better at all). Again, overall, the food was just "OK" -- not bad enough to upset me, but bad enough to disappoint me considering the price. 
Living in Philly, we're all food spoiled with the great restaurants in this town. I'm not sure how people consider FItzwater to be 4- or 5-star against the competition (maybe 3-star), but to each their own. For me, I'd rather hit a diner and get the same quality of food for much less money. Otherwise, there are infinitely superior restaurants nearby  within the price range of the Fitzwater Cafe.Had a really great breakfast here. There was a decent-sized crowd waiting, but since I was solo, I slotted in at the end of the counter (the advantages of being a loner are many). It's a pretty small place that takes advantage of the spacial perception advantage that mirrors give.
Diner waitress - a sweet middle-aged, gravelly-voiced woman who was extra nice. Diner coffee - not the finest of caffeines, but it's familiar and gets the job done. Diner menu - but much much higher quality. 
I had a mixed fruit bowl, which pleasingly was not the usual cantaloupe and grapes in a cup. Bananas, mixed berries, tangerines, etc. It was fruit. In a bowl! Just as advertised. Main part of the meal was the Tomato Pesto Mozzarella Omelet. So good! The eggs were fluffy, the flavor was great, and they use small tomatoes, which are the best kind of tomatoes. Sides were home fries - flavorful and not greasy (!!!) and wheat toast. You know, warmed up stale wheat bread. Excellent!I haven't been here for brunch yet but ventured out to check out Ftizwater's newly offered dinner fare. I went here with my mom and my aunt on a Friday night ( I think they do dinners Weds - Sat) and had a delicious meal! Started off with the mussels in red sauce -- the sauce was amazing and I was basically licking the bowl clean. Ventured on to have the chicken parm - another wonderful note of the meal. Fresh mozzarella and parm cheese perfectly browned. Great, cozy BYO perfect for a causal but tasty Italian meal.I love this place! The food is great. I've ha almost all the breakfast items, from the pancakes to the omelets and I'm a huge fan.  The only thing I'm not so fond of is the wait. Be for a longgg wait if you try to go here on a weekend! If it's nice outside, it's not too bad but there's not much waiting room inside, so be prepared!Having tried Fitzwater Cafe twice for brunch now, I can say that I'm a fan.  They have shorter lines than Sabrina's Cafe, and yet the food is just as delicious.  Large windows mean lots of sunlight and a nice diner style seating area.  
Their Crème Brulée French toast is to die for!  It comes with berries and a light sauce that compliments the sweetness of the crème brulée.  It's a huge portion, so this time we split it and were still very full.  
The Breakfast Burrito was also delicious, and very filling.  They were very cheesy and came with a side of potatoes.  Next time, I'd share it as just half is plenty of food.
Great service, nice sunny setting and huge portions. What's not to love?
Some tips: They only take CASH.  There's also a few parking spots for customers if you prefer to driveYUMMY! I've been here a handful of times for breakfast and I'm never disappointed. Although it's always crowded, I feel it's worth the wait. They've got some really delicious menu items, like the pesto omelette, nutella/banana french toast, and delicious home fries. For being so delicious, the prices aren't bad either. If you go on a Saturday or Sunday for breakfast/brunch, expect to wait, and expect to eat a great meal!After eating at Fitzwater Cafe for the first time this weekend, I can confidently say I've found my new brunch go-to for the Queen Village area. I know I've raved about Kennett in the past, but Fitzwater is perfect if you're craving a breakfast that's a little more traditional and super budget-friendly.
The omelets are huge. A friend and I shared the veggie omelet and subbed goat cheese for American. Excellent idea, if I do say so myself. Asking for a side order of potatoes (no charge!) made the portion sizes perfect between the two of us, and we left not too stuffed but absolutely satisfied. 
The potatoes are IT, man. Fresh, well-cooked, covered in real pieces of rosemary and garlic. They were delicious. The only thing that was lacking from my plate was adequately toasted bread. It was still soft when it reached my mouth (that's what she said!)
See you there Saturday morning, around 11? Great, it's a date.Great food and the wait is not as long as green eggs. More lively atmosphere and plenty of parking, which is nice in philly. OJ is a little too expensive thoughI've noticed, from both reading reviews and from eating here, the consistent comments on the excellent service. Servers in the Fitzwater Cafe remember you. They don't push the "family" feel, because it is a little more professional than that, but I would definitely say there is a friend vibe going around. They are always happy to see you, to welcome you, to get to know you. That is why people comment about the servers noticing a hangover and brining extra potatoes, or noticing someone wanting French Toast and brining a sample.. they pay attention to you.  
I always get carmelized onions and mushrooms in my egg white omlette. The onions are very flavorful and lend some to eggwhites, which can be somewhat bland sometimes. I almost never get bread anywhere when I eat out, but I would never consider skipping the multigrain toast here. It really is that good. You would think I would like to know where I could buy it, but I don't need to, because my favorite place to have breakfast serves it.Pancakes are off the chain!!! Gloria was the best! Great omelette choices for those who like omelettes. My 1st choice over other "faves" in immediate area. Bonus: There's a parking lot... a rare find in S. PhillyOne of my regular Sunday morning spots. 
The Soft Tacos are my favorite, fresh with a little bit of spice against the eggs. The French Toast is thick and tasty, pancakes are stacked high, and the omelets come mixed with great ingredients (my girlfriend is a big fan of the spinach and feta). The waitresses at the counter are friendly and remembered us after going in just for a couple of Sundays (always a big plus for me). Prices are reasonable, if not cheap.
My only complaint, and it's a nature of the beast thing, is that they are always packed for breakfast. I mean, people sitting on the curb outside packed. As long as tables are moving along (we watched a guy slowly work through half an omelet over a half hour period after his friends had finish) the tables flip in a hurry, but don't expect to get seated right away. My suggestion would be to take a counter spot...more fun that way anyway.
Great food, good service. It's unfortunate it's not bigger, because they could fill it up.I've been going to Fitzwater Cafe for many years.  EVERY single time the service is extraordinary.  The food, excellent.  The atmosphere, delightful.  It's a Philadelphia treasure!  I've tried numerous other breakfast/brunch places in Philly and Fitzwater remains the best!This great cafe never disappoints. Brunch and dinner are both amazing. Definitely check this place out!The food is good and convenient for a quick lunch.  It's more a place to go to eat then to go for a treat of food that you can not cook at home.I will eat at the Fitzwater Cafe over Sabrina's or Morning Glory any weekend morning. It is super clean with a bright decor and the food is really fresh. At those other places, the food tends to be grimy, greasy, and over priced. Here it's just a good old fashioned breakfast: eggs, bacon, and fresh fruit. 
The service is quick and very professional with a smile (another plus over "Crapina's" and "Morning Gonna-wait-til-I'm-ready-to-serve-you"). I have never waited for a table, but have seen a line form around 9:30 on a Saturday. 
I recommend the French toast with bananas and the fresh squeezed OJ.I always forget that this place exists which is strange because the food is excellent and its ridiculously close to my house. I came here for brunch last week with a friend from high school who I haven't seen in years. The Fitzwater Cafe is situated smack dab in the middle between our two houses so we decided to meet there for our reunion meal. We met at noon on a Thursday afternoon and the place was oddly packed and were told we'd probably have to wait a little as everyone was just seated. An employee (I think) who was sitting to have his break overheard this and offered to give up his table to sit at the counter, which was awesome.
Since it was noon I wasn't sure to go the breakfast or lunch route and was debating between a Prosciutto sandwich and the French Toast. We all know my issues with brunch and having an egg infested menu but these two options sounded equally delicious. I chose the French Toast which came complete with fresh berries and about enough food to feed a village. Nathan devoured the Prosciutto sandwich and although I was envious I was getting wayy too full with my own meal to ask for a taste. I ate about half of mine, got a doggie bag and waddled home.Creme Brulee French toast
Apple pie French toast soooo delicious you don't need to use syrup!!!! And the omlets are the epitome of absolute greatness. Want hot tasty food and A+ service. Fitzwater Cafe is definitely the spot to come too!  Yummm + M M M GOOD + Satisfaction portions + All time greatness = Fitzwater CaféThis is a review of the service, not the food. I would have loved to have enjoyed the food in celebration of Mother's Day. After 40+ minutes of waiting and seeing others who arrived after us were being seated, I checked in to see how much longer it would be. The host failed to write down our names in the list, and we had an asinine conversation about what names it could be under. Then when I asked how much longer it'd be he told me "20 minutes" as he'd only be JUST THEN adding us to the list. He even had the audacity to say he remembered us, but couldn't be bothered to own up to his mistake and put us at the top of the list. When we gave him our name when we first arrived he had us repeat it, so seriously wtf. Sad to see such incompetence at a great establishment.We had the Creme Brûlée French toast that was superb.  And the Good Ole Potato and egg sandwich which was good but not award winning material like advertised.  Bread was way too hard and taste was a little bland. But nice atmosphere and good staff. I will return if we are ever in the area again.Parking was a little tricky but I found it worth it. I had a frittata which was really really good, lots of flavor and not over cooked. The coffee was great and the service friendly. I also bought some pastries before I left, which were a big hit with my coworkers who I picked up from the airport shortly after.I like this place, mainly because its so close. Its really small place, expect to wait like 10 mins to sit . good food, good service.The food is nasty but the staff is super sweet. We ordered omelettes and asked for them to be light (who wants a brown omelette??) Those jawns came out dry, dark brown, and literally deep fried. Let me repeat: who wants that! We ordered a fruit bowl but they used the same knife they used to cut onions...who wants an apple that tastes like onions!? I then proceeded to eat an onion piece, so there's that. Waitress covered the bill so thanks girl, but I hope no cook ever disrespects an egg like that again!What a refreshing place for brunch. Great coffee and fresh squeeze orange juice is only the beginning. Everything tastes homemade and the atmosphere is adorable and so comfy. Its like you're eating at home in your beautifully lit dining room or kitchenette. The people are also so nice! Just a heads up - there tends to be a line on Sundays! But - there is a line for a reason! Think of it as a good thing and a sign that you are in the right place! It's a short wait worth every minute.Good brunch spot in my area. Always packed though, so maybe go early if you don't want to wait. Hit or miss on the service but always solid food. Cash only, so be prepared!The service was great and the food was phenomenal!!  Creme brûlée French toast......wow!!  No syrup needed. Loved it. Definitely a must when you're in the area.Pretty cute spot in South Philly. I had the burrito and it was pretty yummy. Fresh squeezed orange juice definitely sealed the deal. This place was yum but probably wouldn't frequent it because of how far it is.Overall the experience was pleasant, but nothing special. A bright, clean environment that looks french with all of the mirrors and woven chairs. My green eggs sandwich with pesto was too salty. My orange juice tasted fresh squeezed. I will revisit, and update my review for their baked goods which look impressive.Dinner service, too!  Awesome Italian food as a BYOB several eves per week.  So few even know this due to "0" advertising.  I only figured it out from some evening runs, surprised to see it open with candles on tables.  
Check it out on Friday or Saturday night.  Call in advance for table or to check on other eve openings.  Order chicken parm, any pasta and you won't be disappointed.  Everything I have had here has been superb.I'm glad that Yelp has arisen as an alternative to CitySearch. I used CitySearch a lot but hated the bloated and clunky website. Still, the article on CitySearch about the best brunch places turned me onto my all time fav, Carmen's, so it can't be all bad. Fitzwater Cafe was one of the last spots on the list I had never visited.
I finally made it out here last weekend. The cafe in tucked in on the corner of 7th and Fitzwater, and has a long bar with a small dining area. The decor in this place is cute and quaint; it really looks like a cozy neighborhood spot. Rachel and I took a seat at the bar and looked over the menu.
Overall, the menu is pretty limited. It contains a few different omelets, some sweet breakfast options like pancakes and waffles, and other small items like granola and yogurt. Despite the limited menu, I ordered a veg omlet that sounded right up my alley. Rachel ordered an omelet made with pesto, and it was served up looking the part; totally green. The food came out really quickly, and we were drinking the cafe's excellent coffee while we were waiting.
The service was below average. We had empty coffee cups half the time while we were there, and I had to walk over to the waitress to pay the check. She was just talking to another customer for a long time while we were waiting. The servers seem nice, but that doesn't make up for poor service. On the up side, the food was good. The omelets come with toast and great home fries.
Bottom Line: Within a few days, I forgot that I ever stopped in here. It's nice that this place is open at 7am on the weekdays, and it would be a great place to grab a quick cheap meal during the week. But I don't live close and I won't be doing that. It's a lot like a South Philly version of Ida Mae's.