This is the best Caribbean food in town, hands down. Everything was so fresh, not too heavy, cooked to perfection. My fiancé had stewed chicken and I had the curried chicken- both were excellent. I also had an order of plantains that were the best I've ever had. The owner came out to chat and made sure we'd gotten enough food and liked everything. 
The prices are incredible, and evidently there are some things not on the menu, such as oxtails, that are available. 
Also- it's a BYOB!
Will definitely return and tell everyone I know to try this place out. Worth every 5-star review- they're real, folks.I never try Trini food before I visit this place. It's like a food adventure for me. The Oxtail is amazing, unbelievable tasty. I will 100% return this place for the Oxtail dish. The jerk wing is also very favorable. I don't quite enjoy the goat Roti, is a ok dish for me.Just moved into the area and wanted to take my Caribbean parents who were visiting out to lunch. Seeing the Trinidadian flag hanging out the door, I knew I had to take my mother there! The ambience was calm and relaxing and our server Jay was very kind. We started with the fried shrimp wantons which were great, and our three dishes: curry goat, curry shrimp and curry chicken roti were all flavorful. The roti was so soft! A mild taste for all backgrounds, but they were happy to bring out a side of pepper sauce for my dad who needed a kick. The owner Anthony was kind enough to greet us and explain the meaning behind the name of the restaurant. The peanut punch is a must have. The food was authentic and satisfied my Trinidadian mother! Will be frequent customers!!Great service and great food! We had the escovitch fish, oxtails, and curry goat. Everything was wonderful. I highly recommend trying Flambo for yourself because you will become a repeat customer. It truly is an experience.The service was exceptional. Kevin and his father are a great team. The curried goat and sorrel were awesome. I would visit here again when in Philly. Great Trinidadian resteraunt!!!Excellent food, even better service. Told Kevin (the owner's son) that he should keep him:). Best sorrel EVER!!!  Great music!!!Excellent food!  The atmosphere is cozy friendly staff is very accommodating. The owner came out and talked to us. The Curry mussels were excellent. The oxtails make make you lick your fingers and the escovitch was very good. We were celebrating mom's birthday and they even gave her a free dessert. Will definitely come back when I'm in town. My sister said the bathrooms are so clean and smells great. Overall it was a nice birthday for my mother!The atmosphere was charming and relaxed. Service by Eliz was incredible; she was attentive, accommodating and quick to serve. She gave us updates and was fully knowledgeable about the dishes. The flavors were savory, balanced and well-developed. The portions were so filling, we took home doggie bags.I'm confused by the other reviews. Perhaps it was an off night? I ordered the goat roti and oxtail entree.  My two favorite dishes! The goat was very tough and the curry was flat. Similarly the oxtail was tough and the flavors were flat. I really wanted to like this place because of the location and the service was so friendly. But I was really disappointed with the food. There are better places in Philly if you're willing to drive.
Maybe I'll try again in the future to see if it was just an off night.Very authentic. The service was professional and kind. The owners speak to their guests and ensure that your experience was good. The curry shrimp was pleasing to the eyes and tummy. Some items are made to order, like the macaroni pie, so be aware or ask. Looking forward to next visit and the next meal!Food was great. Service was so so. We were one of two tables with people at it. It took quite a long time to get our food and even longer to get our check. The waiter(younger owner) was very kind and engaging, but I'd recommend him being a bit more attentive and polishing his skills a bit with working the front of the house.Absolutely delicious! Such a warm and engaging staff and flavorful food. Come here for AUTHENTIC cuisine with a gorgeous atmosphere. Lots of vegetarian options, too!We were looking for a new place to go in the area and really enjoyed our time at Flambo.  Very mellow pace.  The appetizers were good.  We had wings and the mussels.  Great sauces with a nice balance of flavor.    We should have brought a bottle of wine.  We will next time!   Our server was very polite and the place has a good feel.  There is a big staircase to a more private room upstairs with a table that could seat probably 8?  We had vegetarian dishes and chicken dishes.   Everyone loved their food.  The owner is a nice gentleman who looks to have built the place himself with a lot of care.   We are going back with a couple bottles of wine and some friends in the upper room.  Cheers all!  Enjoy the meal!Definitely one of my top 5 Caribbean restaurants. 
Perfectly balanced seasoning for any palette. 
The entry is welcoming and says: Quality dining. 
Will recommend to all my colleagues.Flambo is simply majestic!! Truly a hidden gem in Philly and the only place you can find  authentic, mouth watering Trinidadian cuisine. The service is impeccable and the owners are very welcoming. Once you walk in you'll feel like your in the islands and the food is beyond delicious. I recommend Flambo because the food is flavorful and prepared freshly. I'm never disappointed and did I mention how amazing, owners Kevin and his dad are? I will be returning!Good food. Good service. Authentic West Indian food. BYOB. Quiet Atmosphere. Mussels were very tasty. Curry Goat Roti was delish.I am absolutely pleased with this place! EXCELLENT customer service from the time I walked in the he door. FOOD WAS AMAZING! Shrimp and Sauce...with the rice, beans & Roti & such a relax atmosphere but still family friendly! I will be mentioning to family and friends and I WILL be back! #GreatfoodThe food in this hole in the wall restaurant was incredibly flavorful.  I came with a group of 10 people and shared curry mussels- divine, jerk and tamarind wings- literally fell off the bone, oxtail-wasn't able to try as it was eaten too quickly, and curry lamb and chicken with roti- perfectly cooked and properly made.  The prices are a steal for the abundance of food that you receive.  The place itself is smaller and colorful and easily missed if driving past.  Service was slow and leisurely (but recall we had a party of 10 in addition to another large party of 10 already there).  The waitress was patient and helpful.  Overall, they proved that they deserved their 5 stars and best Trindadian food in Philly.
Also, the place is BYOB, so don't forget the wine.Born and raised on the beautiful island of Trinidad and Tobago, I was craving some authentic home cooked Trini food that wasn't cooked by me. And this hit the spot! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this restaurant. Beautiful, unique ambiance, excellent service, great food I had dhalpourie, curry chicken and curry channa with some pepper sauce on the side and it satisfied my craving. Met the owner Adesh and his staff Ajay and Kevin very warm and friendly people. Cant wait to go back to eat there! DONT WAIT TRY IT!It's not just another Caribbean restaurant - it's a real Trini restaurant in Philly - finally!  Having lived in NYC, and having many Trinidadian friends, I've tasted and enjoyed the upscale and street food cuisines of Trinidad and Tobago.  Sadly, Philly lacked Caribbean options beyond jerk chicken and plantains.. until now.
What a gem did I stumble on today! We had the goat curry and curry shrimp roti with bussupshot. Flavorful?  Of course, it's a curry..  Quality? Great!  You know quality when your curry has chopped up little pieces of all the peppers and spices used to make that rich flavor.  We also asked for their hot pepper sauce and got a nice tangy sauce of freshly chopped habanero peppers.
As other reviews have mentioned, the best part is that Caribbean hospitality Kevin and Anthony provide.  Not even NYC places could match this.  And well, if you know anything about Caribbean culture, hospitality and good vibes is quintessential of the island experience... and somehow tucked not to far from center city, I found the islands.
It's a great place for a romantic dinner, with some great Caribbean tunes softly playing in the background.  Large enough for group get together and also has a separate area for private parties.
Can't wait till my next visit !Fun evening with adventures in Trinidadian food.  Our server was excellent, knowledgeable and personable.  The food was a real revelation, truly a crossroads of cultures.  BYOB with nice ambiance, reasonable prices and generous portions.  Loved the ice cream tartuffes! Definitely worth a return visit.Best place to feel truly welcomed and wanted. The food is delicious and the hospitality is warming. I recommend Flambo to all who enjoys great Caribbean food along with a relaxing atmosphere.I had such high hopes for this place but did not enjoy the flavoring of the food. It all had a rather sweet taste, the stewed chicken, the curry chicken.. The roti seemed stale... I really wanted to go off the fact they had great reviews and them being the only real Trini restaurant here... But honestly. Because philly is deprived of good island food. The natives don't know any better. Coming from NY I had high expectations of authentic, highly spiced food. It was just all a sweet mess...Wonderful experience and food. I discovered this restaurant on Yelp and it certainly lived up to the reviews! Although far from our neighborhood and usual hangouts in south Philly, I will definitely venture up there again. We went as a party of 6 at 8pm on a Friday night and although the restaurant was nearly empty there was good music and friendly staff that made the place feel lively. The restaurant is run and owned by a father and son team. We ate oxtail that the father told us he started preparing at 4 am that morning. And let me tell you, it was AMAZING -- as was the curry chicken, the traditional trini vegetables and the plantains. This is definitely a hidden gem that you'll want to get to before it gets too difficult to get a table!This is a hidden gem off of Broad street.  The food is amazing and the owners are very friendly.  I recommend that you stop by and give them a try.  You will love it.This place is awesome! My mom and I went for curry rotis and were in heaven. The ownership is so wonderful too- new restaurant started by a father and son who want to provide authentic Trinidadian food and vacation vibe. They're so sweet and gave us extra dish on the house so we could try something new! Plus, it's BYOB and they encouraged us to come anytime and hang out a long as we like- they play really good music! Definitely will come again !!When walking in, you notice the interior is a lot nicer than expected for the location. It's a mix of Caribbean and Indian influences, i guess it makes sense being west Indian?
I ended up stopping in with a group of friends the night before diwali and ended up meeting the owner. He over heard is taking about family style and offered to do a pre fixed for us... But i think he was just trying to clear inventory before the holidays . Pricing was fair under $20 a head.
We had the jerk wings, ox tail, some sort of chicken, fried rice, and white rice... Maybe something else i don't recall 
The jerk wings were the best and would definitely recommend that. It was done well with a good kick of spice if you like that. The ox tail was a close second and had great flavor too. The pieces of chicken were a little under cooked, but ok. Would not order that again. The fried rice was  good, but don't recall it being anything super special. I didn't have any of the white rice.
Either way, it was a good place and a friendly owner. Vibe was cool, would stop back again.Yesterday me and the hub decided we wanted some Caribbean food for dinner so i found this lovley place on here which is up the st from where i live.. yes yes yes is all i can say the food..the music and the owner and his son was wonderful... My hub had the oxtails and rice which was to die for he loved it..i had the curry shrimp and rice it was a bit spicy but delicious..this place is mades u feel like your at home i will be going back soonThe food and service at Flambo was excellent! The server was very knowledgeable about the cuisine & took her time to explain what she recommended based off of our experience with Trinidadian food. We had the oxtails & curry chicken roti. Highly recommended. The food was flavorful and plentiful. I will be returning again!Excellent authentic trinidad food has always been difficult to find in philly but our 10 year search landed us at this amazing restaurant last week. Even more impressive than the food were the interactions with the owner and his son.  From the moment we walked in it felt more like going into a friend's house than just a restaurant.  Within minutes we learned a great deal about their vision and plans for the restaurant as well as a great deal about what led them to the restaurant business.  My wife felt like she had stepped back to trinidad between the music the decor and the food.  We not only ordered dinner there but also a whole bag to sample at home.  Everything was well seasoned and the variety of foods was impressive.  We will definitely be returning again soon and for those who never had trini food be sure to ask for the peanut punchFlambo is truly a gem. Delicious food, super awesome juices, BYOB, amazing service, very reasonable prices, and a wacky atmosphere that you can't help but fall in love with.
My monthly dining club likes under the radar, off the beaten path,  authentic restaurants serving food we've never tried from countries we've never been. We've gone all over the city and suburbs for 3 years and this was one of our favorites! 
The decor is amazing- giant chandeliers,  colored lights,  giant paintings, flamingo figurines,  mannequins decked out in carnivale garb. You'll fewl like you stepped into a different world (Trinidad, perhaps?) We had the place nearly to ourselves on a Sunday night, and there's a whole upstairs private seating area. Would be a great place for a private party.
The service is exceptional- we forgot to BYO and the owner and his son brought us a complimentary champagne toast to start (and then left the rest of the bottle!), explained the menu in detail, gave great recommendations, told us the history of the restaurant and really achieved their goal to make people feel like they just stepped into Trinidad and were welcomed into someone's home. They even sent out some plantain cinnamon bites to start!
The drinks- we tried all 5 and loved the passionfruit juice, the soursop and condensed milk juice, and the hibiscus punch. The peanut butter drink was like a peanut butter milkshake and delicious.  The Mauby (licorice flavor) drink was interestingbut not my favorite (but my friend loved it). Some of these juices would pair well with liquor so keep that in mind when you BYOB!
Last but not least the FOOD- the mix of indian, African, Chinese,  and Carribean spices is super interesting and flavorful. You MUST get the curry goat and the curry mussels you will not regret it. We got the bussa roti (easier to share) with the curry goat and basically licked the plate clean. We also loved the escabiche fish (whole fried fish) and the pelau (like a chicken biryani). The only thing that was a bit of a letdown was the pepper shrimp chow mein (too spicy for us and overall just an odd combo, but I have no doubt this is authentic). The side of veggies were nothing special, but again, I'm sure they're authentic so more of a personal preference. They served everything family style for us which was great. 5 dishes was plenty for 5 people and 3 of us had leftovers.  There are also lots of vegetarian options- we loved the side of pumpkin. We were bummed they were out of oxtail and will have to come back!
The owner told us they like to do special events with live music so look out for their Christmas and Carnival parties! Highly recommend!Oxtail was excellent , very rich. Enjoyed the Sorrel drink. Met the owner/chef and his son..very nice people. I recommend.  It's a BYOB, too btw.Food is outstanding! The owner's son came out and took time to explain the food and how they got started. Very pleasant guys, awesome experience.I gave Flambo 5 stars because as a trini, I appreciate the food, ambience and good vibes. Best Roti I've had in Philadelphia. The goat and chicken curry was well seasoned and flavorful additionally, the roti skin is made fresh when ordered. I like how the owners mixed authentic Trinidadian cuisine with a very elegant ambience. Will definitely be back for doubles on the weekend.I went to Flambo for lunch and i did not leave disappointed. Started off with the jerk chicken which fell off the bone and was delicious. I then ordered the stew chicken with some buss-up-shot on the side with rice and beans. Amazing flavor on all items. The owner was very gracious and gave us good insight into meals we had questions about. I would definitely come back here again and recommend it to anyone who has a taste for Caribbean food.We just heard about Flambo recently and after some friends recommended it, we went last night. What a treasure! Our server was welcoming, friendly and helpful. We had a lot of questions and he explained the menu and helped us make our choices. The owner, Anthony also greeted us and talked with us for a while. We took their recommendations and went with the Roti. I had the curried goat and she had the curried chicken; then we shared. Wow! Both were great dishes. As promised, the goat was flavorful but not the least bit gamey. The chicken was tender and tasty. 
We'll be back and bringing friends. It's great to have this cool place in our neighborhood.This place is magical. I will start with what is important. THE FOOD. Excellent. Curry spices, well prepared. Stews, sauces, really excellent. The decor is wacky. Chandeliers, mannequins in headdresses, tropical music. But, it's kookiness made me love it even more. Do yourself a favor and go here. You won't be sad.Flambo was EXCELLENT from the service to the food and everything in between. I had the escovitch (spell check?) fish with a side of the macaroni & cheese. It was delicious! A friend ordered the plantains and they were to die for! During dinner the restaurant played my favorite reggae and soca hits. The owner came out to check on us multiple times and even let us sample a dish he was considering adding to the menu. Kevin was awesome, too! We'll definitely be back.This was one of the best experiences I've had in a long time. The food was excellent and customer service was at its best. Anthony went out of his way to make us feel welcome and at home. Our food was brought out in a timely manner and it was finger licking good. My co-workers and I drove from MD which was a 2 hour ride, and it was worth every min of it. Anthony is a genuine person with a good heart and good spirit. I am so grateful to have met him. If you are ever in Philly, make Flambo a must have. 
CeronneEasily the best dining experience I've ever had and I'm not remotely exaggerating. I've eaten at expensive and exclusive places and this is the first I've felt truly welcomed. We came straight from the airport and we're starving. The food was delicious (plantains, ox tails and goat curry) but most of all was the service. The owner and his son came over and were so personable and welcoming. Not only did they provide a fantastic meal but gave us much advice about the city and offered great conversation. Definitely check this place out.This place was amazing. The main door looks like the front door of a house and then inside is a beautiful staircase which gives you a very home-like feel. Came here with a group of people on Wednesday night it wasn't busy at all. We did family style food so the owner brought out all of the main dishes and smaller portions and everything was delicious. The Jerk Wings had a kick to them and the chicken was spicy. This place is BYOB. The staff are so friendly it's a father-and-son who work here and their story is inspirational. I would highly recommend this place to anyone. It's Trinidadian food and certain dishes are spicy but it's so good.This is a gem of a family run business.  Real kind human-to-human interaction - the kind of place you feel good about supporting.  I only ever order the roti, because I love it.  Shrimp for me, chicken for my guy.  We were so excited to find this place in the neighborhood, and will definitely be visiting regularly.Looking for amazing Trinidadian cuisine? Well this is the place!! Floridian native with West Indian roots!! This food reminded me of back home, Not only is it authentic but it is prepared from scratch and freshly made. The decor is superb and the Soca music reminds you of Carnival. This place is definitely worth visiting for a meet up with friends or date night!!
I started out with the Caribbean salad as the appetizer- the spicy dressing goes perfect with it.
My Entree entailed Curry Chicken with chick peas and the BEST BUSS UP SHUT ROTI in Philly!!This is one of those diamonds in the rough. Location does not help but probably will in the future if they are able to hang in there. Parking is tough to come by especially safe parking.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and nicely decorated. 
Service is good but a bit more staff would help. Typical Trinidad cuisine at a reasonable cost. The night we went there was live steel drum music. 
Nice variety of entrees but be sure to question if your dish will be spicy hot, it is not noted on all items especially the Red Snapper which I found out about the hard way!!
I talked them into oxtails for my appetizer which was on the menu as an entree and they were happy to accommodate me. 
All in all a pleasant experience and tasty food they just have to tighten up on a few things before getting that extra star from me.The best trini food in philadelphia area. The service was beyond great. (5+ stars for service) Had pepper shrimp and it was one of the best things I've ever had.Been eating here for several times now. Has become one of my staple meals of the week! I can't imagine a place that can cook Caribbean food better!! Will continue to eat here for as long as I'm in the Philadelphia area.We had high expectations, but it didn't live up to them. The curry shrimp had very little Curry and not much sauce, mostly just a little bit underneath. There was a pile of plain rice, and a little bit of vegetable garnish. The oxtail was a bit salty, which may be correct, but also had very little sauce. It came with rice and beans, but they were very few beans compared to what I got in Negril. The wings weren't bad, probably the best part of the meal. The flambo sauce was fairly sweet, and the jerk was not very hot but had some flavor. We ordered a side of vegetables with ginger and butter - the vegetables appeared to be frozen mixed vegetables and there was a little butter or ginger that we noticed.
We also ordered a salad with chicken about the time the main meal arrived; the chicken was marinated and fairly juicy but the salad was almost all a large pile of lettuce. It arrived after dessert was done - the kitchen was obviously overloaded due to a John Oliver show at the Met that night; we were the first patrons to arrive right as they opened. Perhaps the food is better when they're not so busy.
Dessert: the carrot cake had very few carrots other than garnish, and no raisins or other additions. It was warm, which was nice. The frosting was whipped and fairly tasty. The ice cream was an interesting presentation but nothing special. My perceptions may have been affected by the meal preceding...
(Resubmitting my review because Yelp decided to lose it when I tried to add something.)This place is amazing!! We had the oxtails and curry goat roti. Delicious. Never had Trinidadian food before. Wish I lived here so I could come again! It's byob. The owners are so nice and friendly!! They talked to us and recommended places to go. The owner came out to talk to us and tell us how much he loves to cook, and lucky for us to have found them! Definitely try this place. Love. Love. Love. It.The staff make this restaurant to notch. 
The food is crazy good. No need to even bother to tell you. Go eat. Period. 
But the gentleman who helped me was so kind and friendly. Just a sheer delight. I hope he's there when we come back. 
Pro tip: the space they have is huge! Book a tropical venue here and indulge!One word.... excellent. I am a HUGE foodie. I have had meals from all of the top restaurants in Philly. I love traveling and eating. Tonight I was blown away. Small place tucked in an odd part of Philadelphia to outsiders. Let's start with the drinks. Amazing juices, it is a byob,  so be prepared to mix your favorite spirit with a beautiful natural juice. Roti was top notch. I also had the oxtail, it was cooked and spiced to perfection. 
One of my top 10 meals in the city. Oh by the way, I came here for my friends birthday who is from Trinidad. He confirmed the food was on point.
Thank you for the service, our waiter was awesome!I had not idea this little gem was in the neighborhood! It was like walking into a completely different world on the inside. I absolutely love the decor, it reminded me of a smaller Cuba Libre. There's a small dining area upstairs for a group of about maybe 8 people. The staff was very nice, and it was a very comfortable atmosphere. The food was ok, i had only ordered takeout, so i feel like i didn't allow myself the whole experience. I think i will need to revisit for a sit-in meal to see who it feels. I would return to see what it's like to dine there.Great food!!! Jerk wings Mac pie & veggies were awesome! Host was very welcoming and the interior design gives that trini feel!Tasty food, friendly service! And BYOB. We went on a Friday night and were surprised/sad to see it was almost completely empty. 
We very much enjoyed the curry chicken dhalpuri, callaloo, yucca and sweet plantains, shared between 2 people-- left very satisfied with the food and the price.Authentic cuisine by authentic people. Roti and choka was soooooooo good. Crazy inexpensive. Will make the trip often to eat here!! Service was amazing. Chef Anthony is very creative. Loved it!!I thought I walked into the wrong place because it was so nice. Most of the items on the menu can fill you up easily under 15 and this place was looking beautifully upscale. Our server Kevin was super friendly. You get a greeting of a family reunion rather than your usual waiter-customer hello. We were welcome to sit anywhere we wanted, I felt like I owned the restaurant for a bit. There was an upstairs that looked very VIP, probably a reserved room. I was curious so Kevin took me upstairs to check it out and he was happily willing to save the spot for me anytime I wanted to bring some friends.
The tables and silverwares were spotless clean, not something I can often say. We ordered an array of food. We ordered so much more than we could eat because we wanted to try everything. This is what we had: curry mussels, oxtails with beans and rice, stewed chicken with beans and rice, curry shrimps with chick peas and salad, jerk chicken wings, a side of mixed cabbage and carrots, three apple sodas, and an icecream dessert, all for under $60!! Are you kidding me?? This isn't a take out or a lunch truck, it's a legit sit-down restaurant! What a steal!
Let me start with the stewed chicken, it was the best I've had anywhere. The sauce had an amazing balance of acidity and sweetness from the tomato and browned sugar braising together. The chicken was tender and given ample time to absorb all the saucy goodness. The curry shrimps with rice was equally amazing. Most curries are heavy, over powering in flavor, which is fine because I usually get it with meat. With seafood however, I've always wanted a lighter, more delicate touch. My curry shrimp was exactly that. The curry was filled with aroma yet delicate enough to balance with the shrimps. The same can be said for the curry sauce in our mussels appetizer.
Our surprise hit would be the cabbage mix. While most places have braised cabbage that is soaked in flavors, the cabbage itself is usually soggy. Here? The cabbage still restrain some crunch and therefore adds a really fresh bite. The braised liquid thickened to almost a glaze on the cabbage and carrot, it was simply amazing. The best
Part? It was complimentary from the chef.
I save the best for last, which is the oxtails. I don't even have words for it. The oxtails were tender and fall off the bones yummy. What really set it apart however, is the the sauce. I cannot put my finger on the actual ingredients because it has so much depth of flavor. You first taste salt, beefy gravy, then sweetness and then all the aromatic spice and then right back to a hint of sweetness before you finish your bite. I was very satisfied.
We were very lucky, the owner, Anthony, came out to check on us. He wanted to make personally thank us for choosing the restaurant and made sure everything was up to par. It is worth mentioning that we definitely under dress for the occasion. While there is no dress code, I was in my shorts and sweaty t-shirt. I thought it was going to be a take out place. Regardless, we received tremendous respect and attention from the owner. This is officially my new favorite restaurant. Come on in and try it yourself. No matter what you do, make sure you get the oxtails and stew chicken, even if you are already full!Kevin was a great host/owner with his Father, food was perfect -  Escovich ,  Fried Plantains, and their version of red beans and rice was simply just done right.  This restaurant is going to explode once Live Nation opens next door.  52 reviews,  all 5 stars,  wow!Hands down the BEST Trinidadian restaurant in the area! My wife and I love their vegetable roti. The atmosphere and the entire staff make you feel at home. A true gem on north Broad street!This place is great. I just got takeout but it's a good spot to dine in, especially if you're looking for a classier experience. The stew chicken and roti were fantastic! I'll definitely be back.The interior design of the restaurant is beautiful and this is the best Caribbean food I've ever tasted. The Pelau has a great flavor and a sweetness to it. The vegetable entree which consisted of pumpkin tasted surreal. My friend Patrice's escovitch fish was seasoned extremely well and was so tender . The drinks were even superb. I had the peanut flavored one and it was soo fresh and refreshing. I will be frequenting this establishment more and am telling everyone I know and some I don't to dine here.I'm going to make this quick because my family from Trinidad and I know good Trini food. The roti was OK, but the curry could used more punch. However the wings were epic! Get the Flambo wings the spice will make your head sweat. I go back just for the wings, might even order some for the Super Bowl. Go Eagles!We stopped by this place by accident...Glad we did... They recently opened up and place was empty. We tried half of their menu - escovitch fish, curried goat, roti bread and stewed chicken. Food was really yummy, even rice and service exceptional.Best Roti shells Ive had in in Philly. Their curry goat is great but they there is too much fat in the meat and too many bones with no meat on them. Their jerk chicken salad was very good. Their rice and beans had some hard stale chunks and the seasoning was nothing great. The Stew Chicken I had was a disappointment! The chicken was extremely tough..it was either old or stale. The Chicken Stew sauce was good though. I will keep trying them JUST because they make authentic Roti shells.We had high expectations, but it didn't live up to them. The curry shrimp had good shrimp, but no real curry or for that matter sauce; just a little under them.  A pile of plain rice and a few veg.  Oxtail - a bit salty (which may be correct).  Rice and beans had few beans compared to what I got in Negril (Jamaica).  Corn soup was good.  Wings weren't bad, probably the best part of the meal.  Salad with chicken: chicken was juicy, obviously marinated.  Salad was mostly lettuce.  Side of veg with butter and ginger: I think it was frozen veg mix, no ginger, little no butter I noticed. 
Dessert - carrot cake had very few carrots other than garnish, no other things like raisins.  It was warm which was nice, the frosting was whipped and fairly tasty.  The chocolate ice cream dessert was interesting though not great.  Perhaps my perception was shaded by the meal preceding ...
The kitchen was overloaded - there was a big John Oliver show at the Met that night; we ordered the salad right after our main meal arrived and it was done after our dessert. Maybe the food is better on non-concert nights.I wish I could give more stars as I just received the most amazing dining experience for my husbands 40th Birthday last night! I made a reservation for 20 and preordered food family style. The manager Kevin worked with me the weeks leading to last night to ensure the dinner would be everything I wanted. He was very patient with my numerous questions and emails and was able to offer a package at a reasonable price. It is a byob so we brought in liquor/wine and the servers were able to provide mixers ice and carafes. It is no easy task to service 20 people but they did it with a smile the entire night! Anything we needed they provided promptly and even offered to help with a small amount of decor we brought in and setting up the birthday cupcakes. Now to the food we had pepper shrimp, curry chicken, chickpeas, rice, macaroni pie , mixed veggies and palori (spelling?) a trini appetizer.  The food was delicious hot and so fresh!! Everyone commented how good the food was and it's also very authentic trini food. The servers did a great job of distributing the food amongst the guests. Overall an amazing dining experience. This was my second time dining here and it will definitely not be my last!!Highly recommend the place. Great food, greatest value. Be patient, chill, and enjoy.This place is AMAZING!!! Genuine Trini Caribbean food cooked fresh. We had the escovitch, stew chicken and roti and curried mussels as an appetizer.  This father soon team is incredibly hospitable and leave no stone unturned. I can wait to come back in my next trip to Philly.Absolutely spectacular restaurant with an authentic menu.  All delicious and the environment is warm and inviting. Service is spectacular. It gets busy, so best to make a reservation.What a cute restaurant! This place sits several blocks north of Hahnemann hospital, and the interior transplanted us to the Caribbean. Calypso music plays in the background and carnival themed items decorate the walls and corners. The chef/owner, Anthony, and his son, Kevin were quite personable and welcoming. Our table enjoyed the escovitch fish (fried whole red snapper topped with pickling sauce onion and pepper--which was our favorite of the bunch), oxtails, curried goat and pelau (rice cooked together with chicken and veggies). Each dish was served with white rice or rice and peas and everything was flavorful. The food temperature on the chickpeas served alongside the goat could have been a bit hotter. We also ordered a side of macaroni pie. It was good but more akin to macaroni and cheese which is gooier than the formed, crispy exterior macaroni pie. The drinks we ordered (soft drinks as this is a byob) were good. We enjoyed island favorites: sorrel, mauby and soursop punch. The sorrel was a winner. The mauby was good but tasted like it was made from mauby syrup and not the bark, which provides a deeper flavor. We should have asked. It was a laid back and enjoyable meal at a good price point, and we hope to return soon for some of that island flavor and . 
Updated: Have to increase the stars. Hospitality is fantastic! We need more places like this in the cityTook hubby here for his birthday and the food was great. Flambo offers authentic Trinidadian cuisine -- important to note because most Caribbean restaurants in Philly really only offer Jamaican food. This restaurant is very clean, quiet, and it has a great menu. The service is friendly too. We had a great time and we will return. Please note that this is a sit down full restaurant -- not a small takeout joint. Dress nicely, relax, and order curry chicken roti, macaroni pie, and more. Flambo is here to stay!Ate here with a group of friends before going to see a show at the Met.   The waitstaff was extremely attentive and polite. I had the curry chicken with a side of fried cinnamon plantains. I also tried the jerk wings that my bf ordered. Everything was delicious! Will definitely consider this place the next time I see a show at the Met.Even on this rainy evening, you can step into Trinidad right here in Philly. The bake and shark was delicious and of course we had to get some to go, not to mention the curry shrimp bust up shot.I had no idea what to expect, trying Caribbean food for the first time.  It was incredible!!! 
We got a large order for our wonderful staff.  We tried the BBQ chicken, curry shrimp, blackened shrimp, and Caribbean salad.  Everything was amazing, even the rice and sides (we got pumpkin).
My favorite was the curry shrimp.  
I will definitely be ordering again, probably within the next week!I travelled to Philadelphia to see the Madea Farewell Tour and this place was a block away from the venue. I was excited to eat here because it had been awhile since I had oxtail. I expected a carry out location but was surprised to walk into a sit down dining experience. My sever was great...the food however was not. The oxtail had weird flavoring that you would not expect/should not have been in an oxtail dish. The rice and cabbage was dry. I was very disappointed.Best in the area for authentic, freshly cooked Caribbean food. You can't go wrong with doubles and pepper shrimp!!! Great service and great Caribbean Island vibes throughout the restaurant. Also, try out the sorrel drink, speciality drink just like the ones made on the islands only for the holiday season.The owner Kevin is such a gem. I was visiting from Boston and instantly found comfort in his warm smile and passion for the industry. The second you enter the restaurant, you can feel the heart and soul put into the food. For those of you going to Flambo, be sure to order Mauby for your drink. Cheers!I am a Trinidadian. Kudos to the owners for bringing a taste of Trinidad to Philadelphia. However, I feel compelled to be honest here trusting that this may help you up the ante a bit. I came to Philadelphia from Baltimore. I am Trinidadian born and raised - this was a robbery for the folks in Philly. Why am I paying $6 for cornsoup? Why am I paying $12 for a cup of rice and 4-5 chicken breast tenderloin STRIPS of curry chicken. There was not enough sauce on my curry and the channa was barely there. The corn soup was watered down. I guess since there's not a lot of Other competition here for Trinidadian and Caribbean restaurants that you are getting away with this but this would not pass muster in DC or Baltimore for that matter. It's not that the food is bad but it's not impressive and the portions are way too small for the price. It is certainly not worth the price. Where's my curry mango? Where's the curry pumpkin? Why was my corn soup literally 1 cup (that is a pot spoonful) for $6. Nah man, won't be getting my money again. I guess I will sweat and cook the curry myself next time and just buy the roti skin. Save the gas and drive.I loved the goat curry roti. Unbelievably tender, flavorful and complex textures. My friend had the veggie roti and his chickpeas and pumpkin puree was outstanding. 100% you gotta go!Very yum, super reasonably priced too. Recommend this, especially if you are heading to the Met for a show. GREAT food - but don't forget to BYOB! .Great food, very nice owner, service was slow but it was a busy night and they had a help wanted sign, so I assumed they were temporarily understaffed. Veggie dish was great.My family and I enjoy each visit at Flambo The food is always delicious, I tried to get something new on the menu each visit thank you for making the special roti for my granddaughter tonight,I love the curry mussels to start my meal,The atmosphere is very comfortable and great taste of Trinidad.very Beautiful background for photos. Also available for private events, going to be a new grandmother this is definitely a place on the list for a baby shower. My family and friends and definitely myself will return to Flambo Caribbean restaurant.... thank you Anthony for everything