Huge fan of the Foowich(had it from the truck). Which sucks because this place is never open. As I am writing this, it is Saturday at 3:40PM. They close in 20 minutes!!! I'm utterly confused by these hours, I almost feel like I'm reading them wrong.I don't know really what to tell you here. Look I'm sitting in this place now. First time here. Parked the car a couple blocks away and told my lady friend "Smells mighty Asian around here." That's the truth. And we get in here and it's not what you would think. I mean there's Asians, but also regular people too. Nice employees, service good. We asked if we could go grab some alcohol to bring in and they answered enthusiastically in the affirmative. So I'm sitting here getting drunk while we wait for the brunch happiness explosions to arrive. Sixties pop and classic rock playing on the Hi-Fi, none of that monk Tibetan chanting. Sorry for leaving you hangin. Can I even say that anymore or somebody get offended? Come on. But really what happened there was the food showed up while I was writing this. Two plates of delight. That's right your Man Fonger can eat. I eat harder than you do. So what's the point here? I got the Foos combo breakfast and it was all your necessary breakfast wants and needs. I don't have to list em here because you should know what they are. My lady friend had a coconut Benedict and it was terrific. Our other friend drank too much mango vodka.Found this place which was close to the hot chocolate run spot. Small and limited menu but thr combo of ingredients is amazing. I got the kimchi quessadielas and they were ridculously flavorful!! Price is moderate for what the food was. Ambience reminded me a little of the 90s but spacious and colorful. Dec worth checking out for brunchWhile I appreciated chef's effort to create the menu, and enjoyed the new experience, I was not totally bought with the flavor. 
I had a beef burger for lunch, which had a beef patty, kimchi, noodles and vegetables wrapped in tortilla.  
Beef was cooked as I ordered. Plating was decent. But, the flavor was not up to my satisfaction.  Kimchi was overpowering everything else, and the ingredients were not well balanced.  (By the way, I am Korean, and I know a few things about kimchi.) 
I would recommend to use less kimchi or to pan-fry kimchi before putting in the wrap.  The burger could also use some sauce (preferably sweet soy sauce variety).
In the end, I will return to the place to try other creations.Great food, super nice staff, and nice seating area! Came here for brunch on a Saturday and there was plenty of seating. There were two people working but service was great and attentive.
The food is Asian fusion and all the items sounded really good! We had a group of 6 and tried 5 different dishes. Everyone was stuffed and happy afterwards. Coffee was good and they played good music as well.
Great spot to go to if you want a delicious brunch without the long wait! TBH before I never really wanted to check it out just cause the logo and sign turned me off a bit, but it makes sense since it is tiki themed inside. It's worth coming here cause the food is awesome!This food truck does not even deserve one star cause the food is down right gross tasteless pathetic n a shame to eat. It's like throwing yr money..... cause we threw away our food just after one bite. This truck should not be allowed to serve food..... Having lived in the city for 15 years, we have enjoyed food at hundreds of truck, but this Foo truck is an insult to food and all the wonderful food truck. FOO Truck is the WORST.
Please DO NOT EAT FOOD from FOO TRUCK.Had my first Foo truck experience at tonight's South Street Night Market - $8 for the Thai curry quinoa foowich (read: grilled wrap).  Loved the generous squirt of red rooster sauce on the delicious foowich, combined with the green curry it added the perfect amount of heat.
Service was efficient, friendly, and quick.  Portions were hefty for the price and I plan to stalk Foo on twitter from now on to get another veggie curry fix.Been here a few times now, and each time has been just an average experience. I'll start with the most important factor, the quality of the food. The food is...not bad. Bordering on good. It definitely gets a point for being unique - you won't find a similar truck in the city. But there's something lacking in flavor that I can't quite my finger on. Maybe it's because I tend to like more bold flavors and this place is more mild. Maybe it's because the flavors just don't mesh together well. But whatever it is makes it a 3.5 star place to boot. The prices of the food are also just average. Most "foowiches" are around $7, which may or may not fill you up, depending on if you're hungry or not. As a result, 3 stars. 
I follow them on twitter, and they sometimes have a pork belly special which looks pretty good, so I might come back to try that next time it's around.I greatly enjoyed the food at the Foo Truck and the fact that they took square (5 stars) but their lack of updating customers on their schedule gets them 1 star. Their website has not been updated since 2014. Frustratingly, they retweeted my questions asking if they were open with zero response. They basically just disappeared with zero notice or explanation. It appears from their twitter that they have been closed since October 2015.omg i love the food in this truck. its my favorite truck to eat from. yum yum yum,yum yum yum,yum yum yum. i love the cake balls!!! their like little balls of cake batterBased upon the very successful and delicious Foo Truck, I am excited to see a permanent location for the Asian fusion 'Foo-rritos' we've come to love. Just above Chinatown, it's a quiet spot with an inviting design to enjoy some old favorites, and, in the case of rice and noodle platters, welcome new additions to the menu. The beef burger 'Foo-rrito' is all you could ever want wrapped into one big package (the kimchi and noodles really add another dimension I've never before experienced). Very excited to come back again!This place is dope! Don't let the exterior fool you. Great brunch spot with interesting food options. I got the quesadilla and my bf got the coconut curry eggs Benedict. Both were delicious! Th quesadilla was a huge portion and the steak was a great add on, definitely recommend.  Service was great and super friendly environment.I loved the truck and i love the restaurant! same great food but better. Very nice environment, clean friendly. I go there with my lap top, stuff my face and work at the same time. I just wish those cake balls had some neutralists in them, so i could only eat them.A solid choice in Love Park for weekday lunch.  Factoring in the $1 discount for using LevelUp I found the Taiwanese Comfort Food Foo to be not only a great deal, but a slightly asian version of a breakfast burrito.   The tortilla was grilled and crispy and the combination of rice, egg, tomato, peppers and green onion were tasty.  The side of sriracha was perfect, although I think I will ask for it "spicy" next time in hopes they will mix the sriracha in with the egg.So I finally found out what a foo-wich was and yeah, it's as good as they claim it is.
When I arrived at Love Park, ready to try this truck for the first time, I had no real expectations other than a really good sandwich.  As I scanned the menu, the grilled tofu caught my eye.  Pickled carrots and daikon, yeah sign me up.  It was basically a tofu bahn mi foo wich.
I opened it up and it was in a convenient square-ish shape which definitely would make it good for eating on the go.  It had sticky rice in it too which I am a big fan of and maybe it was flavored with some vinegar?  It was delicious.  The tofu was tasty, along with the pickled veggies.  I finished a couple bites with some sriracha just for good measure.
They take Level Up, as if I needed a reason to go back.  You've got a new fan foo-truck!Finally got a chance to try this food truck after hearing many things. Actually ended up going to this truck at the MT Airy night market. Definetely lived up to the hype and then some. Tried the Thai curry quinoa foowich..very filling and flavorful. Added some sriracha for some Kick but would have been fine without it. Def plan on going back for more! 4 for now because I wanna try all the items on the menu!Awesome second trip to Foo Kitchen, this time for Sunday brunch. Terrific coconut curry Eggs Benedict, chicken bahn mi burger, and pork belly with eggs over biscuits. Plus superb French toast. 
Always loved the Foo Truck. We enjoy the Foo Kitchen even more.We had a great breakfast here.  Service was very good: friendly and attentive without being too in your face.  Try it, you won't be disappointed.My wife and I were here on training/workcation, and we decided to walk from the Loews to here for lunch. I honestly can't say anything no one else has. I really just wanted to add my 5 stars. Excellent flavors for inexpensive fare.Originally drove passed the place several times on my way to work wondering when will it open up, not knowing that they were already opened. I always thought it was a Chinese restaurant, but it turned out to be a semi vegetarian place. The menu at the moment is very small but hey that's the best thing about having small menus. It gives the place more time to perfect the recipes they have created and work on making more as they go on. The staff were excellent and the food came out fast. I had ordered the Foo Fritters and they were amazing. The owner George came up and introduced himself and even threw in a side order of fries for me as it was my first time there. I recommend coming here and giving it a try. Taste new foods and open yourself to the world you have been missing all your life.I eat at food trucks in UCity regularly, and I had walked by this one a handful of times without paying it much mind. I mean the line wasn't long, so I thought there must be nothing to write home about. Boy was I wrong!!
I got the Braised Meatball Foowich, and it was hands down the tastiest food truck food I have had! I loved every bite of it, and it was very filling and totally worth the $8. I was so happy that I walked around the office asking others if they had eaten there yet and encouraged them to check it out. I'll be going back every week and can't wait to try the rest of their menu.Great small family-owned spot with delicious homemade food. Lots of things you won't see on menu anywhere else. 
GREAT service and attention from George and Jenny.Luv this place! Creative food and great vegetarian options. It's become a regular wknd stop...haven't been disappointed yet!!!!I went to their Love Park location the other day.  I had the Lemongrass Chicken Foowich.  It was citrusy and delicious, packed with fresh cucumber, carrots, and daikon slaw.  Definitely a nice, light lunch - but for 7 bucks I could've ate more.  As with most Love Park trucks, the service was good.  I'll be back.Had their lobster roll special, and yes, it was special!  Huge chunks of perfectly cooked, lightly dressed lobster, with a bed of arugula on the tastiest roll I've had in years.  I'll be back to try the other Foo-wiches!Tastefully creative and funky Asian fusion. I love their food truck and wanted to try their restaurant. Duck scallion pancake tacos were delicious.I had never tried this before-- rice, kimchi, all wrapped up and warm with sausage.  It was very hot and very good, but was as expensive as a sit-down lunch at $9 and some change. Filling, but not fall asleep at your desk filling if you eat half or three-quarters of it.
I enjoyed it as a switch from bringing my lunch every day, but I wouldn't call it a bargain.  Also- the server guy gave the people in front of me free dessert but didn't offer me the same-- again, nothing to weep about, but if you give away free stuff in earshot of other customers, go ahead and offer them a red velvet cake ball too.I was able to sample their foo'wich at the manayunk streat festival couple weeks ago.  I ordered the kimchi fried rice and the serving size was massive.  Thank goodness they cut in half for you so to share with another.  The flavors were great.  They do provide sriracha if you like an added kick.  However, i believe they should add a bit more kick to their flavors.  So to not need to add sriracha.  Their foo'wich are a quick filling meal even if you eat just half.I've eaten at the Foo Truck twice and it is a great option if you are hungry for lunch. For me, their portions are really filling and the combination of flavored is delicious. I've tried the Braised Meatball and their special Pork Belly foowiches and enjoyed both, with Pork Belly being my favorite. They also sell yummy red velvet cake balls that I can't resist.  Top that off with really friendly service and this food cart is a great option in University City.Yum! My lemongrass chicken wrap was delicious. Also, the service couldn't be more helpful and friendly. My only complaint is their lack of options. Don't get me wrong, I loved my wrap, but I found myself wanting to take the filling out to put on a bed of lettuce or something. Not everyone loves fatty, nutrient lacking wraps.What a wonderful breakfast! Lots of people seem to love this place for its taco Tuesdays, but we went for a Sunday breakfast and loved our meals. Asian fusion for breakfast works! The owner was there, too, and he was a great host. The next time you're in the mood for a breakfast taco inside of a scallion pancake (or hungry and tired of standard scrambles) you should definitely go to Foo Kitchen.They're a former food truck that upgraded to a restaurant. I like their kimchi steak quesadilla, it is a unique taste and very tasty. George ( the owner I believe) was very friendly and he even gave us a delicious dessert ( red velvet cake dipped in chocolate) for free! Great food and great atmosphere.I'm not quite sure on what days they're on Drexel's campus, because sometimes they're there and sometimes they're not. But they offer a unique wrap that you can't get anywhere near from here. Definitely try this place if you're in the neighborhood.This thing is delicious. I didn't really know what I was buying when I ordered a meatball foowich, but the ingredients sounded good and the trucks at Love Park have never steered me wrong. Apparently, I had ordered a burrito, grilled on both sides, and stuffed with brown rice (you can also order white rice, if you like that better); big, lean, but juicy, beef meatballs; cabbage or something similar; and a ton of great Asian flavor. I absolutely loved it. It satisfies cravings for both Latin and Asian food! And it is not overfilling like Mexican food usually is. Wow. Good job, guys. PS--this chocolate-covered red velvet cake ball is a perfect dessert.Only had the Curry Quinoa Foowich. Toasted, and STUFFED with veggies and quinoa. SO good. Try it with Franks Red Hot.. or Siracha. YUM. 
I will def try the other Foos, look good!One of the perks of working next to Love Park is its somewhat recent addition of rotating grab-and-go lunch options. Heading out to University City on a one hour lunch break to visit these mobile-wonders once seemed unrealistic, but in the past year Center City has seen a flurry of colorful and tasty trucks making Love Park the new downtown lunch hotspot. This past week Foo Truck joined the ranks of the elite army set out to creatively satiate my hunger; with the regular lunch stops becoming stale options, this arrival was greatly welcomed. 
Sure Love Park sees hamburgers and tacos, cupcakes and pizzas...all good standbys, but you can walk in any direction and find similar offerings at storefronts in the area. For the first time since the empanadas of Far From Home, here comes a crafty little alternative for packing flavor in edible packaging. Neatly wrapped up inside a perfectly grilled squared tortilla pocket are Asian fusion findings appropriately called "Foowiches".
My first visit had me torn between two options, their ginger, garlic, and soy sauce marinated meatballs with napa cabbage and the lemongrass chicken with daikon, carrots, peanuts, and cucumber. I let the super nice woman behind the window choose for me promising her that if what she chose was awesome I would come back Thursday for the other. The meatballs were excellent, moist and flavorful with added au jus to soak into the rice that comes packed inside each Foowich; great choice Foo! So as promised I went back on Thursday and picked up the lemongrass grilled chicken; packed with large chunks of chicken breast, rice, and bright crisp veggies with a hint of lemongrass and added complimentary hot sauce, this was a great lunch choice...it's no wonder this is their best seller. 
The folks that run this truck could not be any friendlier, they remembered me after just one visit and they gave my co-worker and I a piece of chocolate chip banana bread to split while waiting for our orders to be ready (so not necessary, but it was so good we couldn't help but smile and say thank you). I will be back again to give the rest of the Foowiches a try for certain...and the added bonus? They take LevelUp so once this becomes part of your lunch rotation you'll be rewarded with extra free Foo(d).Came here with friends after church for brunch/lunch. Had heard from others that this place served up a fusion American/Asian brunch so that was definitely pretty intriguing to hear about. Came & ordered the Coconut Curry Eggs Benedict. First impressions of what I got: it was good, but there were some things that could held it back from being outright stellar. The lack of potatoes (though seasoned well) was lacking. Also, I didn't really taste much of the coconut or curry when ingesting this so I'm not really sure where the name came from? The meat used on this dish (ham) was cooked well though. I did find it strange why it took so long to get our orders out (we waited longer than I originally planned for), but in the end, the owner ended up giving us each a chocolate red velvet dessert piece, which I thought was pretty darn good. Overall, a reasonable brunch/lunch option with reasonable prices. Worth a visit in if you're in the area, but I'd hesitate calling it a must go-to.Awesome food and decent prices. We even got comped drinks because they felt bad they were out of a particular item we wanted to order. That's great service!!! I will be back. Forgot to take a picture in the beginning. Everything was so good.The Foo Truck is fantastic.  The ingredients are always fresh and the people who work there are helpful and friendly.  I have never had a bad dish from here.  Always hits the spot especially after a few beverages with friends.
Highly recommended!Please, please LOVE park, always keep the food trucks about - it is such a relief to have different food options for those that are stuck working in and around there and only have comcast center to sate for a quick lunch getaway.
I've made my plea, now let's get down to Foo.
Gorgeous yummy wraps, Foo - and for those summer days, where meat just doesn't seem to suit, I found a perfect choice in the Thai Curry eggplant, cauliflower, zucchini quinoa and chickpea foowich ($6).  Served warm, wrapped perfectly with the right amount of crispy, it was just what I needed.  Super friendly, and with nary a wait to take away, the other options (braised meatball and lemongrass chicken) tempt me for a return visit and soon.Don't be alarmed by the small menu filled with ingenious creations. I love that they are cooking here, ya know what I mean! No matter what I have ordered the end result has always been hot, delicious, creative and complimentary in flavors. For example, my breakfast taco today made with scallion pancake. You had me at breakfast taco then you flipped that shizz and enticed me even more.  
It's Asian fusion breakfast/brunch and despite being on a questionable corner with limited parking it is sooooo worth searching for parking."Free Mimosas Every Sunday in August"
Not so much ...
After 12:00, only, apparently.
Since today is August 20th, not August 1st, the menu should have been corrected. It's not that difficult. 
The coffee was tepid, the water was only slightly cooler. The breakfast taco was good; the scallion pancakes were fresh and crunchy and the tomatillo sauce was light and just spicy enough to be interesting early on a Sunday morning. Foo Kitchen has an interesting menu, but since it has an Asian flair, it would be nice if there were a few dairy-free choices besides the basic American breakfast. The server was very nice. The chef was slightly overwhelmed since four parties of 2 arrived virtually simultaneously. Worth a visit, as long as you can eat dairy products and go after noon for a mimosa :/When my friend told me the other day she got a foowich for lunch, I Gchatted back "What the heck is a foowich?" When she described it, I knew I had to get one ASAP. In the meantime, my fiance asked which food trucks I'd recommend near Drexel. While I hadn't tried the Foo Truck myself yet, I told him I'm dying to try it. He and his friend went, and he said the tofu foowich was fantastic. By the time I got there 30 minutes later, tofu was gone! I had the lemongrass chicken, which was delicious. The daikon and carrot slaw just takes it over the top.And the guys working the truck were just awesome - super friendly and nice. They even gave me a free red velvet cakeball (which was DELISH!!!!). My only complaint was that my chicken was cold. (not sure if this was intentional, but I'd prefer it warm). Next time I want to try the kimchi fried rice with sausage or the grilled tofu. So yummy!!!After a few hours at El Bar, sometimes you need a snack. Scratch that. After a few hours at El Bar, you definitely need a snack. The joy that is the Foo Truck made this process a lot easier and tastier than it is on most nights. 
I had the pork belly which had potatoes and some other tastiness. It was good, but I wasn't blown away. I feel like they could have done more with it. It was very tasty, but I'm kind of obsessed with pork belly, so I hold them to a super high standard. 
That said, I also had the red velvet cake balls. OMG. They're little round meatballs but instead of meat, they're red velvet cake that's dipped in chocolate. What?! Yeah, I know. Ridiculous. Ridiculously tasty. So good that after I got home I almost went back out to get more. 
I dreamt of them last night. We danced and sang. Like the dance number in Big Lebowski, but instead of bowling balls and pins, it was all red velvet cake balls.I'm a fan!  Love the Thai Curry Quinoa Veggie Foowich.  It was flavorful and delicous.  Add some siracha sauce and your tastebuds scream.  I agree wholeheartedly with Jordan S. opinion.  So glad it's near me and will visit them again soon.  Looked for them today but couldn't find them.  Hopefully tomorrow!Great brunch spot. 
As most places open late on Sundays, this was the closest option for breakfast. I ordered the French toast which was bomb. It was fluffy and just the perfect amount of sweet. My friend ordered the tofu scramble with potato and that was extremely flavorful and quite colorful. I highly recommend this place for the French toast, I love French toast for breakfast and this hit the spot! The employee was very kind towards us too. He made sure we were having a great experience here, he even gave us two of the chocolate covered velvet cake balls! Wonderful place. Will definitely come again.I've tried pretty much all of the foowiches this place serves and they are all very good (the Lemongrass Chicken is a little dry for my taste). But the Thai Curry Quinoa is amazing--my absolute favorite! A tiny bit spicy for those who might be sensitive, but for those of you who love things spicy, you can also get a side of Sirachi to give it extra kick! You can get all their foowiches in a bowl. I get my Thai Curry Quinoa in a bowl with an added meatball--must try! Everyone who works there is really friendly and nice. They are out near Drexel's main campus (University City) on most days. My friends and I try to make every Friday a Foowich Friday!Was looking for a new place to eat brunch and boy did I find a gem! Foo Kitchen is this great little BYO just outside of Chinatown with an awesome menu of great food. It's not a giant menu, but it doesn' t need to be. They have classics like French toast but they also have cool mashups like Shrimp Toast Eggs Benedict. The Shrimp toast benedits was one of the coolest breakfast dishes I've had in quite some time. I'm already eagerly anticipating going back with a group, great little spot to get a different brunch!I had the Thai curry quinoa from the truck at a festival.  I didn't realize it was served in a tortilla, so I was a little disappointed because I was trying to choose something healthy. That isn't really their fault, though. I ate the filling out of the wrap and it was really bland and unappetizing.  It basically had no flavor other than spicy with a slight hint of coconut milk.   It was mostly just quinoa, with very few vegetables.I've recently decided that I'll just factor an extra $6 into my weekly lunch budget for Foo...  Since I've been scrounging for change and cash every few days to make it work anyway, I might as well, right?  Foo Truck is quickly becoming my go-to lunch spot and while $6 for a wrap can get expensive, the flavors somehow make me think I'm justified in my splurge.  
I've only had the Lemongrass Chicken wrap but I subscribe to the "If it ain't broke, don't fix it" philosophy so I'm not ordering anything else.  (Crosses my arms in determination).  My foodie friend swears the braised meatballs are to die for and so is the Green Curry Quinoa... I'll stick with my Lemongrass Chicken, thank you!  (Crosses my arms again) LOL  
Seriously though, Foo is amazing.  Follow them on FB, Twitter or just check their website to see where they are when you're craving delicious, flavor-bursting goodness.  You just might catch me there, mouth watering while I await my yummy wrap.Amazing Sunday brunch. Pretty spacious interior so you don't have to wait too much. The shrimp toast is deep-fried and delectable. And Mike's service is amazing! He's the nicest guy ever. Great music too.Lunchtime on Tuesdays is Foo time for me. I try to catch them as often as I can when they're at Love Park. The Thai curry quinoa is my favorite!The food is really good. The service is awesome! If you are already sick with same menu with every brunch place in philly, you should definitely give a try to this brunch place. The taste is so unique. The only Asian fusion brunch in philly. We really enjoy the meal. I ordered a breakfast taco $10 includes coffee and 2 scallion pancake taco (egg and sausage). My husband ordered the chicken satay Sammie, super delicious. We went to multiple popular brunch place in Philly, but I think this place become my new favorite spot!We came across the Foo Truck at the RiverCity Festival in Fishtown.  We had just ran a 5k, drank a few beers, and were starving.  After checking out a few other food trucks, we decided the Foo Truck's menu was the most appealing.  We waited in line for about 15 minutes and then ordered the Lemongrass Chicken.  We waited another 15 minutes and were then informed that they ran out of the Lemongrass Chicken... major bummer.  We quickly decided on the Flank Steak instead and then had to wait yet another 15 minutes.  So 45 minutes later we had a delicious Flank Steak wrap stuffed with onions, water chestnuts, mustard greens.  It was quite tasty but I was very disappointed that they also ran out of Sriracha because it would have made the wrap much better.
Overall the food was great but the service and preparedness of this food truck leaves a lot to be desired.  Food trucks should be offering food on the go... I could have sat down and had a full meal at a restaurant in the time it took to get 1 wrap from this truck.
If you aren't hungry and don't mind waiting, feel free to check out this truck.  Depending on the line, I may give them another try.Tasty sandwiches, with an Asian accent. One suggestion - offer a salad option please.I had the meatball foo wich. It was very good. I would definitely try them again.Glad to see that Foo Truck has evolved into this bricks & mortar spot on the North side of Vine street.
They brought their traditional foo-wiches with them, along with an eclectic menu of breakfast and lunch items like rice bowls, dumplings, noodle dishes, and house-made yogurt.
I had the meatball foo-wich, which came with a side of fried potato wedges, and a dipping sauce that's Filipino ketchup and sour cream.
Great addition to the neighborhood.What an unexpected gem! Stayed at a hotel in CC and this place is so well worth the short walk. My friend and I had shrimp toast eggs benedict and the duck confit breakfast taco. The flavor combinations, texture and overall presentation rivaled some of the much-pricier and "fancier" places in CC. Will come by to check out their brunch and definitely will back for breakfast!Foowiches are square wraps grilled on both sides. I had the Thai curry quinoa and the grilled tofu and they were both excellent. They look small but they're the density of a thousand suns, so you will feel satisfied. The chocolate covered cake balls are well worth the $1.50 - they look small too but they're dense and moist, just the way you want them. The service is very friendly and  they usually have some beach party music bumpin to set the mood.Visiting from out of town and wanted to try something different for breakfast... Glad we did!! The food was delicious and the staff was incredibly friendly.  They don't do the Benedict eggs on weekdays () but the 2 dishes we ordered were very good. Chilequiles and chicken satay with bacon, I recommend both!!I have tried most of the foowiches and have enjoyed every one of them. My favorites are the Saigon Pork Belly (not always available, alas!), the Meatball and the Flank Steak. The chef knows how to source his ingredients, for they are of high quality. And he packs all that deliciousness into a tortilla wrap, which is almost bursting with rice, veggies & meat. A foowich makes for a fulfilling and satisfying lunch. Plus, the staff is always friendly and welcoming. They also play fun, energetic dance music to wake you up from your office stupor.It's more like 3.5 stars. I had the braised meatball which was an about  5" square wrap with ground beef meatballs, brown rice and cabbage with an Asian inspired sauce. It was tasty, for sure, but it wasn't enough for me. It was over in about 4 bites. Wish they'd increase the size.Roomie and I tried the General Tso Pork Belly and Shrimp Toast. While both were tasty, weirdly our favorite parts of the meal were the free spicy bean sauce and chocolate chip cookies. Foo Kitchen's menu leans towards the heavier side, making me believe many hangovers have been cured here. For me personally, I would've liked to have seen a few lighter options. Overall, Foo Kitchen is a great spot for brunch!I love this place!  The outside on this block is misleading, once you go in it's a clean, bright space.  I checked this out last week because I used to like the cart and it's in my neighborhood.  I'll definitely be back though.  I can't explain why I love it so much, but the food is very creative and always good.  It's a very easy and relaxing Some of the menu might have you raising an eyebrow about the combinations, but they always end up tasting amazing.  Eggs Benedict with coconut curry?  Sure!  Korean quesadilla with kimchi?  Oddly excellent!  They have a great brunch and very good prices.  I'll definitely be back to try Taco Tuesday.The pork belly was rich, juicy and delicious.  Good service and very fulfilling for lunch.Awesome food! There's a set menu during the week and a brunch menu for the weekends! People are super friendly!A great choice among many for Love Park food truck scene! 
For $7.5, I got a Lemongrass Chicken Foowich with brown rice (you can choose between white and brown rice!) It's pretty quick to order but took about 15 minutes to get the food. The sandwich looks like an Asian version of Burrito. It's filled with chicken chucks, rice, cucumber, carrots, and daikon. It's so delicious and filling. The quality and flavors help me justify the cost. 
If you see the truck by you, go try it out!Awesome first time at Foo kitchen! There was one server for the whole place and he was amazing at welcoming us and making sure we were served well! 
Love the unique menu of Asian fusion with American brunch! Got the coconut curry eggs Benedict and it was absolutely delicious. I loved the flavor of the curry with the turkey bacon and softness of the biscuit it was over. My friends got the general tsos breakfast and the shrimp toast eggs benny-which they also loved! Will definitely be coming back for more-great service and great foodHad the chicken lemon grass. Must say it was amazing and had actually large chunks of actual Chicken meat and not some processed pink paste. I would highly recommend it. Quantity is good as well. Service is very courteous.We stopped here for brunch yesterday on a friends recommendation. It did not disappoint. We ordered a few items to try all the different flavors. The shrimp toast was amazing!!! What a wonderful twist on a Benedict. 
The owner himself waited on us and was extremely courteous. I believe his wife was also around helping customers. 
Can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu!The food is simply amazing! The team at Foo Kitchen is making the eating experience just that, an experience - if you are In Philadelphia, make your way this oasis and enjoy!!Stopped by after a long overnight shift. They were serving a great breakfast on Sunday morning. This restaurant is exactly what I love about American Cuisine. It is a great fusion between East Asian Cuisine and American culture. 
The owner is really Hands-On and is always there to greet you. He talked a lot about his dream of opening this place. It's a really easy walk from anywhere in Center City.
I really appreciate new and innovative foods that are filling and not too frou-frou.Great little find. The food is fresh and delicious. Very friendly staff. I found this place while traveling for a convention. I had breakfast or lunch here everyday for a week so I could try each item on the menu. It made my business trip a lot of fun.Walked by this morning and decided to try it for dinner. We had the pork belly burrito, Saigon chicken with noodles, and flank steak with rice. All of the dishes were tasty (particularly the chicken), but the potato wedges were a bit salty. The noodles could've used some nuoc cham to help with dryness. The flank steak was quite tender. Service was friendly, and Chef George took the time to get some feedback from us. We are certainly interested to try Taco Tuesday and their weekend brunch as well.Husband and I were in philly for less than 48 hours and wanted to get the kind of brunch that we can't get in our neighborhood (NY/NJ). Found this place on Yelp, and it did not disappoint! 
Got a Korean breakfast quesadilla, breakfast taco, and general tso's biscuits & gravy (pork belly!!). Yes, this was too much food for two people. But was it amazing? Heck, yeah. 
Everything was cooked perfectly with just the right amount of seasoning. The dishes were creative yet on point. They didn't sway too far from the original concept but added the Asian flavor with elegance and boldness. The quesadilla was filled with steak, eggs, and veggies and super filling. The taco had the most fun crunchiness and flavor to it, making each bite exciting. My favorite, though, was the biscuits and gravy. The soft pork belly hid under the sunny side up fried eggs and balances the familiar taste of warm biscuits. Seriously so good. 
I've tried A LOT of good brunch places in NYC and jersey city area but honestly, Foo Kitchen is my new favorite. If I lived in Philly, I would come here every weekend!This could be higher, but I have to balance out the two experiences I've had here. The first time was trying their Roast Pork with peanuts and picked daikon and carrot. I remember getting it, looking at it and thinking "This thing is huge, it should last me two meals!" It didn't make it that long. It remains one of the things that was a nigh perfect mouthful.
To balance that, I had their strip steak sandwich, which remains one of the worst meal experiences I have in recent memories. The wonderful textures and flavors were replaced with something...funky and nasty. And not in the good way. I'm sure that overall they're better than three stars but that ONE DISH lingers in the back of my mind like a ghost. Yes, it was that bad.They pack a lot of flavor in that little truck.The lemongrass chicken is so delicious.  Meatball is awesome too.  Im going to try the thai curry quinoa next.  You get a very large foowich for the price so its absolutely worth it.
Update:  Tried the Thai Curry Quinoa and the flavor was very good, but I still love the lemongrass chicken the best ;-)My co-workers and I decided to randomly give them try after seeing their unique menu of sandwiches they had in Love Park. I must say, best decision we made that day. The menu choices are very unique, and you can't go wrong with any of them.
I had the braised meatballs and man was that sandwich delicious! This is a definite new favorite of mine and can't wait till next week when they're back in Center City.
P.S. They take Level-Up so it's even more convenient if you don't have time to get to the ATM.This Asian-inspired hole-in-the-wall is the much anticipated brick-and-mortar version of a popular food truck in University City. To be honest I never tried the  truck but the owner George is a true food artisan. The dishes are all creative (and delicious) combinations of Asian, Mexican, traditional American and even French cuisine, with vegetarian options as well. Because it's new they keep adding to the menu and coming up with fresh ideas. My roommate and I come here fairly often to try the various dishes and have never been disappointed. Today the owner even gave us free biscuit bread pudding after brunch! Prices are reasonable, in the range of $6 - 13 per plate. Highly recommended recent addition to the up-and-coming Callowhill neighborhood.