Nothing extraordinary, but if you want some simple Chinese takeout, this is the best place around. The food seems less greasy than you sometimes find and the people are super nice.I ate here for the first time today.  The woman that works behind the counter is really friendly and offered to waive the minimum credit order amount ($7), since I work nearby.
The food itself is pretty average for American-Chinese food.  Nothing great, but not bad either.  My sauce was greasy, but the food in general doesn't seem to be (e.g. fried rice).  They do have some vegetarian options which are of the tofu variety as opposed to fake meat. 
I would go back since they have lunch specials that come with rice and either a drink, soup, or egg roll ($5.75).
EDIT: I got super sick after leaving this review, and I'm 99% sure it was food poisoning.  Will not be returning.Very disappointed. I ordered a quart and they gave me a pint which was disappointing. The food was also mediocre. The beef was extremely chewy, and i'm not 100% that it was actual beef. Would not order again.Ugh.  Very very disappointing.  I decided to have my parents come over for dinner tonight, it was going to be a special dinner as my dad was going away for a few months and he wanted Chinese as his last meal with us.  I decided to use Fortune as I had been there four years ago and I remembered it as pretty good.
Have things have changed!  I put my order in over the phone and picked it up in store.  I would say that out of the 34$ in food I ordered, NONE of it tasted good.  The order was also taken wrong and I got a dish different from the way I ordered it.  The worst dish I got was the boneless spare ribs.  Basically pieces of pork in a sauce, no ribs at all.
The food was just so bad, I am embarrassed I ordered it for my family.I've only gotten delivery from this place, but they've become my standby. Delivery time is ridiculously fast, and my food always arrives molten-hot and delicious.  The egg drop soup is tasty without being overly salty. I love their spring rolls and steamed dumplings. And the Hunan Shrimp earns five stars by itself - perfectly seared-yet-tender shrimp with crisp vegetables and delicious brown sauce. It's my new favorite. The only disappointing dish I've ever had from there was kung pao chicken. Like someone else said, the veggies were good but the chicken was a little off. I've since stuck to other choices (like Singapore noodles) and haven't been disappointed.Got to give the bump to my favorite local Chinese spot. It doesn't get more friendly than the staff here and the food is equally as consistent and reasonably priced. Call ahead because larger orders can take a while but its worth every minute.
I have eaten here countless times so I'll just highlight the staples that I consistent come back to. The hot and sour soup is fantastic and comes with crunchy noodles. The amount of heat varies so if you get the end of the pot, consider this your warning. The chow fun house special noodles are also a must try. They are on the greasy side but go perfect with the chicken beef and shrimp combo. The steamed dumplings are also very tasty with the perfect amount of dough and filling (the veggie ones I do not recommend though). Oh, and make sure to get an egg roll no matter what as a side.
As previously yelped the only thing I am not a fan of is the fried rice so I stay away from the combo meals. Nonetheless the prices are reasonable enough you can still feast with the a la carte items without breaking the bank. 
There is some new chinese place a couple doors down but don't expect to see me cheating on Fortune anytime soon with them!Amazing chinese restaurant and probably one of the best in the graduate hospital area of Philly for take out. Their steamed pork dumplings are delicious! I usually get the chicken broccoli which is very good. The service is generally fast and arrives within 30-40 minutes. I highly recommend. My only complaint is that sometimes they don't provide enough white rice with meals but this seems to be an issue with all Chinese restaurants in Philly so I think it's just the norm here.Everything I want in a chinese food delivery place:
1- Food shows up hot and quick
2- Tasty General Tso's
3- Just the right amount of grease (though I have a feeling my 'right' amount of grease could be more than other people).
4- Good prices
A weird note - their Sesame Chicken tastes exactly the same to me as the General Tso's with the only discernible difference being the presence of sesame seeds.  Maybe they are supposed to be the same - Maybe not.  Who cares - they are both tasty.Found a local Chinese place that's close, cheap, and tastes great.
First order I had the beef and broccoli with a hot and sour soup. The portions are large, enough to have three full meals from a single entree. The beef was average, I'd say, with really fresh, crisp broccoli with a not overbearing sauce. The hot and sour soup was tasty, maybe a little more liquid than some I've had before, and has the addition of mushrooms, which was nice, but unexpected.
The second time, I went with the chicken and broccoli with brown rice and this dish stood out. The chicken is all white meat with no fat or tendons. The brown rice is a nice addition where you have a hint of the husks, but tastes great. Once again, huge portions will allow me to enjoy the dish for a few more days.
The staff is friendly. I'm able to order my food and pick it up 15 minutes later. So far, had not had an issue with my order, which is nice change compared to some other local eat-outs. Prices are very reason with an entree and rice for under $10.I ordered via Eat24 on Yelp for pick-up and it was very fast.  The food was good for American Chinese food and the quality was good as well.  I enjoyed the combination dinners and the portions were in line with other similar restaurants.  I would not recommend the hot and sour soup.  The General Tso's chicken and Beef with Garlic Sauce were both good.  Bubble tea was pretty good as well.  Solid choice for a quick and tasty meal.The food wasn't bad until I found the hair in my soup. Nope nope nope.
I don't even write reviews, like, ever, but yeah. Not ordering again.The food is pretty much what you would expect from take out.  That said, I'm a new fan of this place because you can order online, you can specify the spiciness level, and the dish is actually spicy (if you want it to be).  Also, not as greasy as other places, and delivery is pretty quick.  Delivery charge is $1.I like this place. As far as yellow sign Chinese spots go, it's pretty good. If you are in the area and need fast food, get some it's a clean spot and they're friendlyTakeout review: This was just what we needed, your standard but delicious Chinese takeout. I ordered through Yelp and it was delivered within 25 minutes. I was at a friends in Graduate Hospital and this was definitely the cheapest option close by, so I was skeptical, but it was delicious.
We ordered Pork Fried Rice, General Tsos Chicken, Shriml Lo Mein, and 3 egg rolls, and it came to $28 with tip and delivery, not bad!! The food was so yummy I almost ate all of it in one sitting! I'll definitely be back.Gave me the worst stomach ache and delivery took forever.I ordered from this restaurant via Eat24. Two items were completely wrong; they sent a chicken/rice soup instead of a wonton and a shrimp entree instead of a scallop entree. I contacted Eat24, who contacted the restaurant on my behalf. Not only did Fortune refuse to refund me, they refused to even admit they made a mistake. They also chastised the Eat24 customer service rep for 'calling them so late'.  (She called at 9:30 pm, the business closes at 10 pm...) What a joke. With so many other Chinese food choices, there is no need to spend your money here. Luckily, the Eat24 rep made it right by giving me a credit.Wow, I am pretty impressed.  The portions are good.  I ordered General Tso's chicken and it was tasty.  The prices are actually much lower than other neighborhood "Americanized Chinese" places, and the delivery was much faster.  The people on the phone were particularly pleasant too.  Also, I asked to subsitute pork fried rice for the chicken fried rice that comes in a combo, and they not only didn't give me a problem, but didn't charge extra and (most surprising of all) actually remembered to do it!  (Not to be obnoxious, but I'm used to delivery orders being incorrect in some way.)  I will definitely order again.Holy smokes this was the worst Chinese food experience I've ever had.  To be clear, I am not a super finicky person when it comes to food.  I look for basics, yes -- tasty, unlikely to poison me, etc.
So, from the beginning.  
I read the mostly positive reviews, and as a new Philly resident living a few blocks away, I walked in and ordered a variety of basic items to test drive the restaurant: scallion pancakes, spring roll, veggie fried rice with fried tofu, and almond cookies.  
I got the almond cookies on a whim, and, as they were given to me while I waited for the food, I took a bite. Oh no.  Tasteless, except for, oddly, the taste of old grease.  Did they fry the almond cookies?  And why in old grease?  And how are they serving such stale cookies?  How is a "fried food" so stale?  Not a good sign.
Scallion pancakes - also tasteless, except, of course, the taste of old grease with a strong hint of fish (guess they'd fried some fish at some point in the old grease).  As a vegetarian who doesn't much care for the taste of fish (or old, dirty grease), I put that aside.
Spring rolls - also *very* tasteless. I mean, it literally tasted like nothing, except that familiar old grease taste...
Fried rice - also bland, tasteless.  The fried tofu tasted terrible - again, that fishy taste with a hint of stale grease.  The rice also has a generous amount of that gross mix of cheap, frozen vegetables (square carrots anyone?) that the more crappy Chinese restaurants fall back on.
Thankfully, I picked up a pint of ice cream at the Walgreens next door and ate that for "dinner."  I don't often spend the money to eat out, and while this was a super cheap meal and I had moderate expectations, this felt like the hugest rip off seeing as how the whole meal was pretty inedible.  I should have just lit $13 on fire on my stove and picked up the pint of ice cream...save myself the calories.
Oh, and want to know how bad this place is??  Even their FORTUNE COOKIES were STALE and TASTELESS!!!  How is that even possible??
Also, the restaurant smells...unpleasant.  That should have been the first clue for me to walk out and go somewhere else right away.Best bubble tea in Philly, similar in quality to many of the chains in California. Owners are really friendly, great customer service. Would recommend to anyone craving Chinese food.FOOD is good, so is their service. I had ordered some General chicken. IT was spicy like advertized.Since moving to the neighborhood three years ago, I have been disappointed time after time by local, cheap Chinese takeout places. I've tried them all. This is by far the best. They're bizarrely fast. It's as if they're in my basement with the food ready to go just waiting for me to order. I'm not going to ask questions. 
Anyways. The sesame chicken is amazing. This place is my go-to. I won't order from anywhere else.This is my local Chinese pickup go to place because of its location, price and quality. It is exactly what you would expect from an americanized Chinese delivery spot and even though prices went up recently, there is still a lot of value within their menu.
Some highlights: Make sure to get to $30 so you get the free General Tso Chicken. It is perfectly crispy and sauced and like everything else makes great leftovers. The hot and sour soup is also delicious although the amount of heat widely varies between orders. Great steamed pork dumplings (vegetable not so much), solid egg rolls and I always get the scallion pancake to soak up any of the various sauces. The house lo mein is awesome too and I can also vouch for the beef with garlic sauce, chicken/beef with broccoli, Sesame chicken, and sweet and sour chicken.
Some low lights: In general even the items they claim to be spicy never have the kind of heat I like. Also disappointing is the fried rice. Multiple times of being bland has stopped me from ordering any of the varieties anymore. 
Obviously this only brushes the surface of the menu so I have plenty of more exploring to do. If you are also doing some menu exploring in the form of pick-up at Fortune, make sure you add on 10 minutes to whatever they say unless you want to read the City Paper in their booths.My favorite take-out/eat-in Chinese place in Philly. I'll pass by a bunch of other Chinese food spots just to eat here. It's standard American-style Chinese food, but it's always *consistently* above average---which is actually pretty hard to come by at other take-out places. Also, a super super friendly family owns and works at the place---so, all round, it's very solid.This place serves your standard Chinese-American cuisine. We ordered takeout/delivery a few times through Yelp, usually when we just need something quick. The food has been consistently good so far and ready for pick up in 10-15 minutes. The All Day Special is a steal and we are happy with the General Tso Chicken, Jumbo Shrimp with Garlic sauce, or Boneless spare ribs.They have the best - and I mean best - bubble tea in Philly! The owners are wonderful people and super friendly. Classic American Chinese food for anyone looking for a quick bite to eat.Our favorite local Chinese delivery! SUPER fast! Plus they are so nice!
Tip: They are very vegetarian/vegan friendly and can make almost anything on their menu with setain instead of meat. They are also really nice about customizing the dishes to what you like.My #1 place to request for delivery. Food is on par with the usual Chinese takeout but they're very fast. Something I appreciate when I'm starving and there's no food in the house....
Typical order: beef and broccoli, chicken lo mein, and curry chicken. We tried others but weren't that impressed so those are our staples.Pretty good food for neighborhood Chinese take out. Love their Singapore noodles. General Tso's is good too.Fast delivery.   Option for brown rice was a plus if you're feeling healthy.  Shrimp dumplings ok, steamed, fairly flavorful.  General Tso Shrimp!!! Delicious, comes with lots of crisp broccoli and not drowning in sauce (but well sauced).  Szechuan Shrimp...large shrimp, plenty of crisp veggies.  Overall, good portions, tasty and satisfying for a Saturday night craving!The delivery was impressively fast. The food tasted pretty standard, but gets the job done. The ingredients were fresh & tasted less greasy than most chinese take-out. I got General Tso chicken, tofu & vegetable, and vegetable soup. I'll order from there again, just because of the expedited service, and the quality of the ingredients compared to cost. The portions were huge.This is my go-to Chinese restaurant. It's only 2 blocks away from me and it's very quick. Food isn't gourmet or anything like that. It's quick and will satisfy your Chinese food craving. And the bubble tea is great!!!Their chicken chow mein was different from what I had in CA。But, it tasted good anyway. I also enjoyed their Bubble Tea and I think it is a must try.I think the food here is a half a notch above other area "fast food" Chinese take-away joints.  While the menu contains every thing you would find on a dozen other restaurants within 3 blocks, it seems just a little fresher, a little better prepared than the others.  
Delivery is insanely fast; I've received meals delivered in 20 minutes before, and they have a low delivery minimum which makes it convenient.
While the food isn't authentic Chinese cuisine I often crave, it scores high as an adequate Americanized alternative.
Bonus: Diet Menu allows your to order dishes steamed with white or brown rice, and sauce on the side.  Perfect for people who don't like their veggies swimming in salt!Standard Chinese grub. The Singapore noodles with yellow curry could have used a little more punch. The chicken with broccoli was ok - crispy veggies, but funky cuts of chicken. I haven't found anything better in the area, and the service is fast and friendly, so until something fantastic comes along these guys will continue to be my go to for Chinese delivery.Fairly typical neighborhood Chinese restaurant.  The take-out chicken and broccoli dish I tried was well seasoned with chicken and broccoli that looked and tasted fine.  
The dining room itself is small as I imagine most of their business is takeout and delivery.
Bonus note - they do provide the nice, large, separated chopsticks rather than the cheap break-apart ones that are rife with splinters and almost never break evenly.
Prices are fairly inexpensive.my kids love their pork lomain.general chicken is so good.now I have new dinner place.Ordered wonton soup and chicken with mixed vegetables for take out. It was ready when I got there which was nice and convenient. The food overall was good but not anything special. The wonton soup was kind of lacking flavor but you can't have high expectations with how reasonably priced everything was. I'm new to the neighborhood and plan on trying other places but overall I'd probably order again. Oh and no fortune cookies :(I order take out from here on occasion because it's close to my house. Not the greatest food, just mediocre but it hits the spot on a day when your hungry, just got home and can't be bothered cooking anything.Absolutely terrible food. BBQ spare ribs are nothing like what you would expect and the rolls were over cooked. In addition to the food stuffed inside of them seemed very old. Won't ever go again. Also incredibly slow on delivery.Good, generic Chinese takeout/delivery.  If you're expecting something gourmet then you need to head to Chinatown.  Orders are timely and correct. Staff are friendly and helpful.Standard, fast, takeout Chinese food. With a budget in mind and looking for a new Chinese food delivery (because my standbys just keep breaking my heart) I took to the Yelp pages and came across Fortune Chinese American Restaurant. The truth is, as they state directly in the business name, it's quite Americanized in taste. However, that's not the worst thing when you are just looking for quick and cheap food that isn't pizza. Just be sure you know that going into it.
I ordered the spicy chicken and string bean combination plate and about 30 minutes later it showed up on my doorstep with an extremely jovial and sweet delivery man. The egg roll was large and perfectly crispy, a definite win. The spicy chicken and string beans was not at all spicy but the string beans were perfectly cooked. No soggy veggies here! The chicken was thin cut and mostly really quite good. The chicken fried rice that came alongside the chicken was yellow, which was a bit strange to me, but it was really good. The simple ingredients, yellow rice, small bits of chicken and little chunks of carrot and peas were all well cooked and the dish was really satisfying. The total for all the food I got (and the lunch that I still have leftover) was $8, so if you're looking for good food, cheap this is a great spot. It's definitely not the best place I've had Chinese takeout in Philadelphia, but so far it takes a space on my list of top places to order from nearby.My go to fast delivery spot! I have never had a Chinese delivery spot call me back to make sure they have my order correct until I started using this place. If you are looking for Chinese with fast delivery use this place.This definitely going to be my "go to" Chinese delivery place. Super fast delivery, food got to my door piping hot, and of course good price. Most Chinese is the same but I really liked the service and the food is good!I previously rated this a 4 but after having eaten here a couple more times, the food has become more and more bland.  :(Do you like fried tofu?  I do!  Swimming in General Tso sauce.   This place does it really really well. 
So well I can call them up and say "This is Chrissy.  Can I get a small tofu at work?" and in 15 minutes I get it without them asking 1) what I want in it or 2) where my work is  (same goes for my house too).   That is service I can get behind! 
They do some other food pretty well too, but I order the same thing all the time now.
DelishNew go-to chinese delivery for a quick fix. they have delicious food at a great price. the bonus is when i call, they actually understand me and are extremely niceMore like bad fortune  chinese restaurant.
Dumplings were mushy and straight out of the freezer of the asian grocery on washington ave. 35 dollar order and only one fortune cookie. They botched my order..  The low men and beef with broccoli tasted likethey were stale. Never again!General chicken extra crispy is amazing and so is there won-Ton soup. Everything else is pretty good. They need to work in there fried riceBeen ordering here for 6 years and it's the only Chinese place I will order from in Philly. Consistently delicious, always quick, kind, and clean. This is the only one, folks. 
Recs: hot and sour soup, wontons, chicken and veg, veg only, and obviously the fried dumplings with extra sauce and hot chili oil.Solid neighborhood Chinese food. Reasonable/typical prices for the staples of this type of eat-in/take-out Chinese restaurants. The steamed dumplings at Fortune are not my favorite as a result of the fact that the pasta of the outside of the dumpling is very thick. However, the chicken and broccoli was nicely prepared with crunchy broccoli. The entre was uniquely not swimming in sauce but had just the right amount.  Additionally, the chicken egg foo young was also nicely prepared, not too greasy, slightly crispy yet with a nice overall texture and sauce on-the-side. 
If you're looking for decent take-out Chinese food, I thing Fortune is a good choice. I give it 4 stars, but 4 stars relative to similar local Chinese restaurants, not 4 stars suggesting you drive 45 minutes for their food. It's worth the trip just to meet the woman at the counter who will brighten your day with her incredibly friendly demeanor.Solid as far as Chinese food goes. I always get the garlic chicken with fried rice and crab Rangoon. It's always quick and satisfies my craving, plus the people working there are always friendly.I'm a fan because of the low price and the quick service. We have ordered a few times for take out and it's easy, quick, great central location and clean inside. The brown rice was great, and they are great at adjusting the spice level. Classic Chinese takeout/delivery. Will go back!This is my go-to Chinese delivery spot in the Rittenhouse area. You won't be wowed by the food but you'll never be disappointed. Fast delivery - food is always hot and they've never screwed up an order. Reasonable price.It is just as your expecting. It's late. You come home from work starving. You decide that your diet is going to go out the window tonight (really, every night) and you come to Fortune Chinese Restaurant. The food here is pretty standard Chinese fare (not that the restaurant is claiming otherwise), and their dinner specials are great for the price. I gave in to my carnal cravings and got orange chicken with chow mein and it came with a vegetable roll. All for $8. Really - there isn't anything more you can ask for.I ordered Kung Pao Chicken, steamed pork dumplings & a couple of egg rolls for takeout.... I ordered thru delivery.com and clicked "spicy" for my kung pao chik. Not only was it NOT spicy BUT is was maybe the most bland,FLAVORLESS food I have EVER eaten! I've ordered from here before and the food has been at least average but after tonite, I will NEVER order from here again! I feel like I just got robbed, $14 down the drain for chinese food that I went into with low expectations that was just HORRIBLE...... IF I could give ZERO to NEGATIVE stars I would but it's not an option.Fortune is our go to Chinese. Cheap, fast, and consistent. Probably the best sesame chicken we've had. I also like the chicken and eggplant. The spring rolls are basic but I love them. We've tried many things and haven't been disappointed.I really really like this place! Too bad I live in DC and am only here for a convention. What I liked:
1. Delivery guy was super nice and REALLY appreciative that I tipped him (do people not tip in Philly)
2. They offer a pint size (Lunch size) portion all day long. It was the perfect portion for one person and since i am staying in a hotel, and checking out tomorrow, I did not want leftovers. 
3. The price. I ordered the jumbo shrimp and broccoli and got way more than I thought I would for the price.
4. The ease of ordering on foodler.
I ordered pork steamed dumplings and as I said above, shrimp with broccoli. I asked for the sauce on the side and everything steamed and they followed my order correctly. I also like the brown rice option which at least in the DC area I find more and more common. I only took one bite of rice but it was good and they gave me a lot more than i would have used if I did want to eat it. 
The 5-6 shrimp (I forget how many and didn't really count) were really good and the broccoli seemed very fresh. I am shocked i got this quality for the price. Can I take this place back to Germantown, MD with me?
The dumplings were good but a little too much noodle for me so I just didn't eat all of the noodle. The filling was very good. 
I am kinda sad I just discovered this place on my last full day of 9 days in the city until probably 2017 when my organization comes back here (I am the meeting planner for a show that is in the convention center).. I would have definitely come back for dinner again (pretty much the only meal i get to eat while working 12-15 hour days here)... 
All in all a solid and quality Chinese restaurant and I highly recommend it. Enjoy :-)Quick delivery. Food is ok. Minimum for delivery. The con is its so cheap that you get so much for your minimum. Con is... you get so much grease that you dont needcthen there's also a delivery charge. Each dish is a hit or miss. Somethings taste good. Some taste like cardboard.We ordered take out from here late in the evening on a Sunday night. My boyfriend had a general tso combination platter and I had a sesame chicken combination. The price was very good for what we got. The food was good for standard Chinese take out and better than some other places we have tried.We ordered from here (delivery) last night and will definitely order again! I don't eat meat and they have a really nice vegetarian selection! They were fast and the food arrived hot. If you like thin, fried scallion pancakes - get these! good portions and nice and fresh! There was also a mix-up with our order. I called about it, the person I spoke with was super kind and understanding and very quickly said they would make the correct item and send it over - and they did (very tasty general tso's tofu!). Looking forward to ordering again!Our regular go-to for fast-casual Chinese food closed, so we gave Fortune Chinese Restaurant a try for our virtual Chinese New Year celebration feast, and were pretty happy with our experience.
Appreciated (i) being able to see order online on the restaurant's own website (https://www.fortunechinesepa.com/order/) so it didn't lose sales to a third party application for a specific pick up time* (could've also requested delivery) with confirmation of the order via text/phone call and payment at pick up; (ii) being able to pick spice level of dishes; (iii) being able to pick rice type and/or no rice for certain dishes; and (iv) being able to write into the notes section that we preferred no utensils/napkins/soy sauce/hot mustard, but would love duck sauce.
From our order, our favorites:
- Pork Dumplings (8 pcs) [Fried], the filling of which had great flavor!
- Scallion Pancake (Chinese Pancake), perfectly crispy, loved the dipping sauce!
- General Tso's Chicken [Combo Platter] (Spicy)**, can see why this is a customer favorite--good flavor and nice and crispy.
- Tofu Szechuan (Spicy)**, good mix of tofu and veggies and nice flavor.
Notes on the other dishes from our order:
- Pork Egg Roll, nice and crisp, though bordered on overly oily and didn't have much pork in it.
- Szechuan Wonton, had a nice spice level with the chili oil, but the wontons seemed dense (maybe closed too tightly?).
- Wonton Soup, wished the broth had a richer flavor, but the wontons had good flavor.
Some miscellaneous notes: (a) our order did not come with fortune cookies (can add an order of 10 fortune cookies to your order); (b) the restaurant has clearly posted signs asking their customers to wear masks while in the restaurant; and (c) the restaurant staff were wearing masks.
Will definitely return and try additional menu items!
*I later needed to call and change our pick up time, which I did with zero issues!
**Although we asked for "Spicy" spice level for both the General Tso's Chicken or the Tofu Szechuan (one step down from the spiciest option available online), we didn't find either dish particularly spicy.great, quick delivery! Food was pretty good! Everything seemed cleaned and there were no tummy aches after. Can't ask for much better than that !!!Phenomenal. I wasn't expecting much but oh my god I can understand why this place can afford rittenhouse rent. Everything was perfect and as expected and not weird or overdone. The lo mein can be added to some dishes for only fifty cents more and it's an ENTIRE ORDER of it! Honestly my mind is just blown. I will order again from here. YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTEDHas everything you'd want out of a Chinese restaurant, and the prices are very reasonable. However the food wasn't anything to write home about. Worth stopping in if your looking for a alright meal at a good price.Solid Szechuan food with a solid tea smoked tea duck and traditional authentic dishes like dry woks and water boiled spicy fish. The chef is the same as the original Pin Wei so the food is still as solid as before.  A good option if you are local.Fast and tasty. My shrimp fried rice was full of clean perfectly cooked shrimp. Chicken lo mein was flavorful. Crab ragoons delicious and crispy. Scallion pancake was good too. The beef on a stick was a little disappointing they were small and only came with 3 but besides that everything was great I will order again.Warning: food poisoning!!!
My wife and I have done takeout here half a dozen times. Last Friday, we ordered 3 dishes: general tso chicken, vegetable tofu and garlic eggplant. I started feeling dizzy after finishing our meal, but my wife seemed fine so I thought I was just dehydrated. Not. That night, we both fell ill: nausea, stomach pain and muscle ache... I forced myself to vomit twice through the night. Clearly we both got food poisoning from here (we didn't eat anything else together the whole day).
The ordeal continued on Saturday. I can't even look at this place now.
Eat at your own risk. Food safety is nonexistent here.I live in the neighborhood and this is my favorite go-to for "fast" chinese food. The ingredients are super fresh and never over-cooked. Good portion sizes, fast in their preparation, and the customer service is awesome. I am super picky about my hot and sour soup and this place has THE BEST. Their wonton soup is killer and I also love their steamed tofu dishes. Honestly one of my fav chinese places! No frills, cheap, delicious, and fresh! If you're looking for chinese takeout - look no further!My housemates and I constantly go to this restaurant for their food!  Their chinese food is probs the best cheap Chinese food in the area apart from Chinatown.  I always ask for spicy versions of their dishes which they accommodate.  Now they're also trying to make Japanese food as well.  
Their boba's not great though so be aware.No nonsense American-style Chinese takeout. Solid general Tso's, doughy dumplings, and a menu with all the staples. This will satisfy any cravings for this type of food as the area is definitely limited. Worth the walk from Logan Square as we were just outside their delivery radius. Only complaint was the pork lo mein came without any pork but we're desperate for this cuisine and aren't too concerned for future orders.I was visiting someone at the hospital across the street and intrigued by the menu. Unfortunately no snow peas but they were able to offer me cashews and string beans which were delicious. Next time I'll ask for light sauce but sautéed perfectly with slight crunch. Served hot. Small place but ample seating for a few groups of four. I would return and try another veggie dish. Many to choose from!Still delicious and they follow dietary requests to a T. I love their American-style Chinese classics like egg rolls, fried wontons and chow Mein, the menu is classic! Plus they are really nice. What more can you want?We ordered on Foodler, but we were staying at a hotel so we asked them to call when they got there. When we got our food (about 35 mins later), the guy was SO relieved-- apparently he had forgotten his phone and borrowed one to call us! He was so nice!
Food was good, lots of options (vegetarian too), and reasonably priced. We got a pint of tofu/veggies and a pint of chicken & broccoli for about $11. Good takeout!I was craving chinese food and it was hard to find something authentic in this neighborhood but I came across Fortune. I ordered the pepper steak with onion and I was surprised with what I received. Everything was flavorful and delicious. It was the perfect amount of salt, not too much, not too little. The rice to meat portion was perfect too. Would definitely come back!!!Tightly knit wontons are the best kind of wontons as another yelper has mentioned no one wants a loosely falling apart wonton and this place scored high points on the pint of wonton soup I had. I would even say I will go out of my way to return here to have there wonton soup again and hope it is as good as last nights order.
The General Tso's Chicken I ordered Spicy level of seasoning and it did not disappoint. As I was eating it I could tell there is unhealthy chinese food and relatively speaking unhealthy chinese food this dish falls into the worse catergory for your health equaling definitely unhealthy no if and's or but's about it. The General Tso is crispy due to the excellent job they complete on the frying. Not alot of "chicken meat" on there General Tso Chicken but what do you expect a gourmet plumb chicken with perfect frying sorry to be the bearer of bad news but I do not believe that exists.
Ordered the Shrimp Egg Rolls which I immediately regretted after I realized they give you an Egg Roll with your entree order. The Shrimp Egg Roll was not bad but I prefer a Shrimp Spring Roll which I do not believe they offer.
All in all I am glad I tried Fortune Chinese Restaurant however does anyone know if society offers group meetings for Chinese food eaters anonymous as I have been going way to hard on my Chinese food eating /ordering addiction! Help!!Gotta say we were disappointed.  We read reviews that said this was a 4* rating, but we don't think so.  First, the hot and sour soup was hot in terms of temperature, but it lacked flavor that we've experienced in other soups.  My shrimp lung pao had lots of large shrimp, but the veggies (large chunks of carrots and celery) were undercooked, and I think there should have been more flavor to the dish.  My husband's house lo mein had very small meats in it (his shrimp were mini shrimp).  He had shrimp egg rolls, which he said were OK.  Will we return?  No.Food tasted fresh and "clean"! Nothing tasted frozen or reheated. The portions were large and everything was good!The perfect cheap but high quality Chinese restaurant. General tsos chicken is very meaty without much breading like other places do.Please keep in mind this review is five stars for delivery. We have never eaten in the restaurant.
Our favorite Chinese delivery in the city, including everything in Chinatown. The people who run this restaurant are so nice. They've gotten to know us because we order there once a week. I really like that their sauces, lighter than most Chinese restaurants. Not too heavy on the oil.
Some fav dishes:
Fried tofu with blackbean sauce, General tso's tofu, steamed vegetable dumplings, chicken lo mein, and sesame chicken
And again, the service is outstanding for delivery. They have learned what we like, one item of which is brown rice. If we forget to say brown rice, they will actually call us back and ask if we want it instead of white rice.  What Chinese delivery place does that?!This was the worst Chinese food I have ever had, shrimp lo mein was dry and the pepper steak was bland. Don't go here horrible.