The egg challah here is very very good: fresh and soft with the perfect braided, golden crust.  The plain croissant was good but not outstanding; it definitely pales in comparison to the Little Chef's in Princeton but is much better than what you would find at say, Dunkin.  But seriously, you have to get a loaf of the challah.  It's good on its own but simply delicious if you toast it slightly and add a touch of Irish butter.  The owner Michael is fantastic and really takes pride in his work, which is kinda rare these days since a lot of bakeries are just excessively commercialized.  It reminds me of the mentality at the Little Chef.You had me on hello 
Do not go there at 6:30 AM - they have decadent and delicious warm almond and chocolate croissants and out-of-this-world sour dough bred...hot! If you make the mistake of going at 6:30 AM...you may find yourself unable to control yourself. 
I hope folks can appreciate that this is a real-down-to-earth bakery just as those found in Europe. They make bread here in the mornings and you can have something which is rare in the U.S... warm-just-made bread. 
Truly fantastic! 
And if fresh-just-made-bread was not enough, it is some of the healthiest bread you can buy. You'll have to ask them the science of flour making and how they are unique. 
Their service is friendly and welcoming. 
I wish Michael the best and I am a grateful customer appreciative of his effort to provide an exceptional bakery.The bagels are pretty good, nothing spectacular but definitely better than Starbucks/DunkinGreat bread, terrible service.  West Philly service at it's finest... service is not a right, it's a privilege and when it's our turn, we're lucky.  Fortunately for 4 Worlds the bread is so good that the attitude you get with the bread is worth it.Eating the Whole Wheat Levain made with whole wheat and rye topped with sesame seeds  - makes me teary eyed as it reminds me of the wonderful fresh rye bread I used to eat as a kid in Eastern Europe. Thank you Four Worlds Bakery for taking me back. The texture and taste is superb.Stopped by just as they were closing - important to know they shut down at 1pm, pack up all their baked goods, and take them over to Mariposa Co-op, so get there early! I think they're probably worth more than 3 stars, but all I had was coffee, so a second visit is in order to evaluate their highly-rated breads and pastries. 
The coffee was solidly tasty, no cream or sugar needed but they do have soy & other options if you like to supplement. The people were wonderfully friendly - I was standing outside staring sadly at their "closed" sign and they came out, invited me in, and made me feel right at home and not at all like I was inconveniencing them while they were trying to close up. They' get mad bonus points for being a zero-waste shop, too - everything is recycled, composted, or donated - no trash.
The one downside is that the shop is very small on the inside - I was hoping for a place to sit, sip coffee, & enjoy a pastry, but this seems like a mostly pick-up place. On the plus side, they're very close to Clark Park, so you can enjoy your treats in nature a mere two blocks away. I'm looking forward to my next visit.The owner mills his own flour, which I think is pretty awesome. Way to be in control of the quality of the food, down to the last detail!! 
I am a huge (and will be literally even more huge if I let my cravings for this place get the best of me) fan of their almond croissants, choco croissants, chocolate SPELT!! babka, and whole wheat bread. 
They don't have a huge menu, so you won't be overwhelmed, and they keep it simple and make very well what they offer. 
They also sell raw honey and fair trade coffee beans!
Great service as well! I didn't have my wallet or anything on me, but I was a part of their buyers' club, and they let me owe 15$ (I came back a week later to pay it, and added more money on my buyers' club account)I've only ever tried the croissants but they are so delicious! The place is a half hour walk from home, but I'd gladly go that distance. Although the plains are not that awesome, BUT the Raisin swirl and chocolate are mm-mm. The croissants are crunchy on the outside (and salty, I think it may be cheese or something) and oh-so-fluffy on the inside. I have not tried the rest yet, but I will soon!
They also have coffee (roasted in the bakery!) and tea (which people don't order much).If bread could be so good it hurts, this place would have me popping prescription painkillers.
Nestled in a little storefront in a marginal part of West Philadelphia, somewhere in the transition between "too upscale" to "too sketchy", lies this unusual gem.
Everything I've tried here has been outstanding...from the bread to the pretzels to the bagels to the pastries.  The bread, if you get it unsliced, stays fresh for a couple days, and towards the end of its freshness, it's good when popped in the toaster-oven and doused with a bit of olive oil, or made into grilled cheese.  It's best right when you buy it though.
The bread is also very reasonably priced.  Metropolitan bakery, up the road, charges a good $1-2 per loaf over this place.  Its bread, in my opinion, is very good, but not quite as good...and thus, sorely overpriced.  This bakery changes the marketplace for bread, it recalibrates my sense of value.
My only suggestion for improvement is that I would really like for this place to bake and sell a few more inexpensive pastries.  The pastries are all around $2.50 or so, and while they're exquisite, they're not exactly ginormous.  $2.50 is a great price for a pastry when you're sitting down in a coffee shop, but for grab-and-go, it's pricey, and the pastry needs to have both the quality and the size to back it up.  And the pastries here are pretty.  I'd rather they make them more cheaply, and sacrifice their pretty visual appearance, but not their flavor.  I'd buy lumpy, ugly, mis-shapen pastries here for $1.50 if they were a bit bigger and tasted about the same.Digging the low key vibe and overall awesome baked goods!!! Earthy goods paired with the BEST coffee brand in Philly.The challah here is incredible. Seriously. Get the vegan, whole-wheat, sourdough challah and kiss your old egg challah goodbye. I just did.Amazingly delicious croissants! Spinach ricotta croissant, goat cheese croissant, chocolate croissant.  Omg... Please try them all- you will not be disappointed!My 90 second experience at Four Worlds Bakery was so positive that I felt compelled to come home and give it five stars. I bought a bagel and croissant. Both were delicious. But they also threw in a complementary pretzel and croissant. It was getting to be the end of the day, so maybe they had been there awhile. But the flavor and texture were still excellent. The dude behind the counter was also a genuinely pleasant guy.Uh-mazing croissants! I would say, "best of philly" but keep it on the DL. I can't be having crazy lines in the morning. It'll be our little secret.I really want to like this bakery but I have found that the quality of their almond croissants to very inconstant. I have tried them at several places, including their store. Sometimes they are wonderful and sometimes they are crispy, overbaked and/or chewy.Friendly staff; bagels were not overly imposing--just the right size and chewy--and pleasant to eat. Bakery as it should be. Just be there early for their infamous chocolate croissants and other pastries. They run out easily, as it seems. Multi-grain loaves (and I imagine other loaves) are amazing. Flour is milled on-site and freshness and tradition are in the air of this tiny bakery. Bakery is a little out of the way but worth visiting. Wish they had seating area, but that may not be their focus in developing an eatery so to speak. Keep baking the way you do!The only bagel I have ever had that top their everything bagel is probably one from NYC. They are unbelievable. Small little place, no seating but great breads and coffee as well.There are a lot of breads available here along with croissants and bagels.  They also serve coffee and tea.  I've been here several times and today I got the coffee too.  Maybe something happened with today's brew, but it doesn't taste right.  The bread flavors seem well thought out, but they're not as delicious as I expected.  I am still trying to find really soft bread here.  They always have samples available at the register, so you can judge if you like their bread before you buy it.  CASH ONLY.  It's a big inconvenience because there isn't an ATM near the building, and I always wonder how expensive it could be to run a business that accepts credit cards.  The interior is small, but bright inside, and everything they have for sale is right in front of your eyes.  You can also see the people working, so it's pretty cool that you can watch how they're making the bread.Get here early! When I came in around noon on a Sunday, the bakery was already sold out of most of their most popular items. I managed to snag a few croissants and bagels. The almond and goat cheese croissants were delicious; I have a giant sweet tooth, so I really loved the almond. My companion and I ended up taking a detour on the way home in Clark Park and eating the croissants on a bench, but I'm sure they would have been even better if we had managed to get home and warm them up! The bagels are good as well, and very VERY affordable. Not a lot of room inside, but I could see myself stopping by regularly!I've lived a few blocks away from here for a little over a year and I've never visited this place.  That is, until this morning...
Went in around 8:30am.  Very spartan set up.  
Don't know the name of the bread I ordered, but it seems to be some type of sour dough and it is absolutely delicious.  At home, I simple toasted it and smeared some butter and sea salt on and it was amazing.  I would imagine it would be great as sandwich bread, too.
They also sell little baked treats like croissants and turnovers.  I got one strawberry and peach turnover and it was SO good.  I ate it even before I got back home.  It was so buttery and flaky.
I really recommend this place to anyone who lives or works in West Philly.  A loaf of bread is about $5, but it's so worth it.
 This place is a true gem of the community.Fresh bagels, no wait, amazing good vibes at this place!  This is the type of neighborhood business I want to support.  Great job FWB!Absolutely amazing croissants!!! So crispy flaky (I heated in oven when got home)  probably the best almond croissant I've had in the US!!!  The bagels were delish too: firm outside, chewy inside:)). Very homemade and fresh. This place is a hidden gem; go there!!!I had an opportunity to give this place another try, and just when I thought my Friday morning couldn't be much better, it got better!  I got a challah loaf, a multigrain loaf, and a delicious pastry that was like a cross between a croissant and something else.  Since I couldn't eat all of these items during my short trip to campus I ate the pastry with coffee.  DELICIOUS!  It was one of those melt-in-your-mouth experiences.  Later on I got to devour most of the challah because it was also delicious, and the same goes for the multigrain bread.  There was a subtle yeast taste in the challah and I don't know if that's just something I gotta get used to.  My other advice is to try to eat the loaves as soon as possible because they start hardening pretty quickly.  It reminded me that that's a very normal quality of bread that doesn't come in a plastic bag from the grocery store.  
Another update; they now accept credit cards!  AND when I was in there, they were selling honey that comes from a nearby neighborhood!  Definitely coming back!Now, I don't really know that much about bread.  But you can tell this place does.  For them, it's an art.  They have a pretty good selection of different breads, croissants, bagels, granola, etc.  I live in the neighborhood, so it's great to have a place with this high quality right on Woodland.  I can make my fiance run out and grab us a baguette while making lunch, or grab a croissant and coffee on my way to my trolley stop.  
Before they opened, I would excitedly walk past to check  what was going on and if they were close to opening.  I ran into the owner, Michael once and told him how psyched we were for new business on Woodland Ave.  You can tell this place is his baby, and he's just as excited to bring new business to this area. It's great to have ANY new businesses open.  But a bakery with almond croissants like this? Actually, maybe it's TOO close...This place has the butteriest croissants ever. They're also mega-flakey, which is odd, considering how buttery they are. 
Yeah, pretty sure America got a hold of France and forced some butter down its throat.I read an article in the Inquirer this past week about a local bakery using local wheat.  I had to give it a shot for that concept alone.  While there are plenty of places to get good bread in Philadelphia, I have not had a spectacular croissant in a while.  Four Worlds Bakery makes a spectacular croissant... go there for them alone and you will not be disappointed.
The key to a good croissant is that it must be both delicate and chewy... light on the tongue yet deep in buttery flavor... airy yet substantial.  Yes to all of those things at this bakery.  Perfectly cooked, totally flaky in all the right ways.  True, they had different "flavors" but to me, the ONLY croissant is plain.  If it is good plain, it doesn't need any other stuff.  Based on the croissant, I am going to go back and try all the other good things.This place deserves your attention.
Small store, but their products got the goods.
Everything we ordered has been a home run.
We had the Challah, MultiGrain bread, Chocolate Strudel, Almond Croissant, Everything Bagel.  Artisan quality, affordable realistic prices.
The front girl was very helpful and friendly and can answer any question you have.
We'll be back for the babka!Their raisin twirls are top notch. I recently got on a kick with chocolate croissant's. They are a little light on the chocolate, but still very good.I love their croissants when I go in I usually can't decide what to get so I just get everything to me I think the raisin croissant and the almond croissant are the best ones out of the multiple ones they have. Their bagel are really good, I always get the everything bagel. They will slice and put cream cheese on it if you want.Great local place to get fresh bread of all types and even some tasty baked desserts! Made a baguette sandwich and the bread was fresh, soft, and made with love. A bit out of the way for me, but when I need great bread, I'll always make my way over there!The only thing I miss about New York is the bagels, so having Four Worlds in my neck of the woods is a godsend. I went out to get bagels for a gaggle of friends on Sunday and ordered eight bagels with three containers of cream cheese. I couldn't believe it when the person at the counter told me my total: "$12.18." $12.18??? So yeah, my out-of-town friends and I will never battle the brunch lines again. The bagels are delicious, and unlike any other bagels I've had. More nutty, close to a sourdough. Eat them fresh and apologize to your bank account for all your $15 eggs benedicts of yore.Day after Christmas, and of course we need more buttery, delicious foo to get through the workday. Why not stop for an almond croissant at Four Worlds? Well we did, and it was the best one yet. Perfect flaky, just the right amount of almond flavor. Delicious. I was especially excited because I was a bit disappointed in our last visit here, but this croissant restored my faith. The coffee was okay, but nothing spectacular (and I wish they had skim milk rather than just whole and half and half). We also got a loaf of olive rosemary bread...excited to enjoy that later!I love the croissants at this place - they're the best I've tried in the city.
The staff are also super friendly and really well informed about their products.
I also like the fact that they operate a community kitchen here - I believe a bunch of local business bake and use the facilities offered here (including The Cupcake Lady, Market Day Canele, and Joe Cesa who used to run Joe's Coffee Bar on Walnut St).I went to this bakery for the first time yesterday and I was pleasantly surprised.  I grew up with my grandmother making a large challah every week and the one here is one of the best commercial challahs I have tasted.  The color, texture and taste are very good.  The chocolate babka is also a winner.I am sure they have lovely breads and pastries here... but using spelt to produce a Chocolate Babka is not to my liking, though appears some enjoy it and thats nice.   I grew up with Brooklyn NY Leons Bakery, and the chocolate babka I remember was nice, had lots of chocolate without an after taste to it, and nice amount of bread texture as well. 
Prices are reasonable.  Bagels are not the NY type, but have a nice crustiness about them.  
Back to my Philadelphia suburbs Chocolate Babka search!
(Owner cares about their customers and contacted me re my disappointment in the the Babka Review.  That counts in my eyes. I will return and re-rate according to your other products, and will adjust my rating according to breads and other products you offer beyond the Babka!)There goes my five miles a day running/jogging.  This place is unbelievably good:  the breads and croissants are otherworldly, and believe me I've eaten my way across the croissant and bread world and know a little more than I should about bakeries and baking.  Well worth the visit.  If you're not a West Phil regular, don't let the neighborhood scare you:  safe and friendly, just a block away from the University of the Sciences, and two blocks from the discreet charms of the bourgeoisie--Clark Park, USP, Regent Square--which is to say, thick with doctors, professors, lawyers, architects, anarchists, and programmers who, despite such sordid backgrounds, are generally peace-loving, particularly when in the vicinity of a good bakery.The chocolate babka is truly amazing! I can't get enough of it, which can be a problem. The raspberry jam rugelach is also extremely tasty. I was drawn in by their free day old bread and bagels (don't know if this a regular thing with them or not), but the various goodies were too much to successfully resist. I also found out that they bake fresh bagels everyday!! I will definitely be going back again and again. Next time I'll have to try the coffee as well.Delicious croissants. Flaky, buttery, & light in texture but rich in taste.  All flavors delicious but my favorite is the almond...or maybe the chocolate?  I can't decide!Ok, so I want to amend my review. I popped in to Four Worlds last Sunday to pick up some bread for a potluck, and lucky us, Sunday is Pizza Night. The pizza was GREAT, very fresh, crispy crust, lovely fresh veggies. I am going back today to re-try the croissants, as Michael, the owner, has implemented some changes, and I am looking forward to trying them again. 
**** Review from last summer******
I REALLY want to love this bakery because it is such a great addition to the neighborhood and I want to support local food endeavors, but I don't care for their products.
Bread: lovely and fresh
BUT
Bagels: Hard and bland
Croissants: ALWAYS BURNT!!! (yuck)
Granola: Also burnt
As for the coffee: inconsistent at best.
The service: weird, inconsistentGreat place to eat. Fresh baked bread and treats daily. Love the apple turn overs. Run dont walk. The good stuff sells fast.I tried two different kinds of croissants, and the pretzels.  They were both ok.  The guy at the counter was nice.  The hours on the door and the hours on Yelp are different, so call first.  They also serve pizza on the wknds, so I will try that next.Four Worlds is one of our new favorite spots (which is awfully dangerous for the waistline). We have enjoyed the almond croissant, spinach/ricotta croissant, and the multi-grain bread. The croissants were incredible. The bread was good, but tasted a bit sour-doughy to me (and I'm not a big sourdough fan). But it was perfectly soft with a crispy exterior. We will definitely be back and can't wait to try the other goodies!!!As a devout disciple of "Tartine Bread", I have a different interpretation of French bread, but I applaud the integrity and values of Four Worlds Bakery.  It is very difficult to find a bakery pulling out daily loaves of real bread in present-day America, let alone Philadelphia.  I hope they continue to embody and share the spirit of naturally leavened bread in our city.What a hidden gem! My husband and I desperately needed coffee before heading to the Simeone Museum and this place was an awesome find! Cozy inside, and smelled DIVINE. 
My husband ordered an iced coffee, I got hot coffee (we both take our coffee black) and we shared an awesome huge spinach ricotta croissant. Both coffees tasted fresh, not bitter at all, and all around exactly what we needed. 
The man who helped us was so nice, and let me check out his necklace without thinking I was a weirdo.  Definitely come check this place out and grab coffee and tasty pastries if you're anywhere close!As I get ready to leave this neighborhood I've called home for six years, I will be supporting all my local go-to's as much as I possibly can until then!! Four World's Bakery being one of them. God, what a gem this little bakery is! I will miss the smell of fresh breads when walking my dog past your store. I will miss your delicious treats on a random Sunday morning. 
Since Covid, they've adjusted their procedures to follow city protocols. You can order via their website and either pick up or schedule for delivery. If you're picking up your order, you'll have to text them your name when you get there and they'll place your order on a table for you. As noted on their Yelp page, they are closed on Mondays until further notice. 
One star less than my original review due to the inconsistency of customer service - some days it's good and other days, not so much. Anyways...enjoy!Overall Value:  I highly recommend coming here for any baked goods or bread.  The buy one get one free "happy hour" from 11:30-1pm is an amazing deal, and everything we had was a good quality and made in house.  When you factor in the price-point while still maintaining this high quality (quality ingredients, baking and milling in house) - it's an outstanding deal. This is a local place that can now definitely count me as a regular. 
The Food:  We got an assortment of baked goods to try for the buy one get one free happy hour: an almond croissant, chocolate croissant, a goat cheese croissant, a pretzel, and an everything bagel.  We got all of these for $5 (they were kind enough to throw in the fifth for free because we had trouble deciding on the fourth!)  The almond croissant was my personal favorite - great texture and packed with almond paste filling.  The chocolate croissant was solid as well.  The goat cheese croissant was a little more subtle than I was expecting, but there was a nice saltiness from the bits of cheese that complimented the croissant.  The pretzel was very different from what I expected, but it was good nonetheless - this is not a pretzel like you would get a ball game. It's a nice soft and doughy bread salted on top, texture-wise it almost reminded me of a salt bagel that I would get from new york.  The everything bagel had a bit of a harder exterior than I usually enjoy, but this might be a regional thing because I am used to really soft new york bagels.  Overall - each of the items was very good. 
The Service: Super friendly, and definitely made me want to be a regular customer.
Space and Pace: It's a small store front (no seating or anything like that) with a much larger bakery in the back where all the magic happens.  It sort of reminds me of a bakery in Paris, where locals would come in every morning to get a fresh loaf of bread and then continue with the morning's errands.Y'all. They do DELIVERY. Support local biz!
So I've never been to Philly nor have I tried the delicacies here at Four Worlds. So this is just PURELY a delivery and service review (don't @ me please). This is a girl just trying to support local while sending local love to some good friends in Philly. My friend loves sweets and baked goods, so I looked on Maps for a local bakery that had rave reviews and delivery and BOOM...Four Worlds popped up. Their menu is super easy to maneuver online, and they have vegan and gluten-free items. I ordered a selection of pastries from a fig brie danish to brownies and fruit tarts for delivery. They delivery for a super affordable fee of $4 so I felt good doing that. Can I also give a 6/5 star review for Maggie the sweet sweet delivery driver who so selflessly was willing to deliver the baked goodies to my friend after I put in the wrong address? What a class act. MAGGIE YOU'RE A STAR and effortlessly righted my mistake.
My friend told me that the baked goods are "being admired" right now and that they can't wait to scarf them down. Plus, it feels so good to support some place that employs and is owned by local folks. If you're tired of giving all your money to Amazon and want to do good things for those who are still working tirelessly during the pandemic, look up local shops and help them out.I just found out about this place and its helped a ton with my pastry cravings during quarantine. Delivery is really easy, they do it themselves locally for a $4 fee. They carry their own baked goods, plus treats from other local bakers like Oui Pastries, Crust, and Au Fournil. They also have gluten free & vegan baked goods, coffee, & baking supplies. 
FWB's croissants were awesome, the savory (goat cheese) and the sweet (chocolate, almond) ones. And, most surprising, in a city where good bagels are hard to find, I actually really enjoyed theirs. They aren't quite NY style, but they are more enjoyable than most of the Philly favorite bagel places.Just wanted to extend a huge thank you to the owner who personally delivered baked goods and added some free extra baked goodies when he learned that we were in Philly because our baby was in the NICU at the children's hospital. Will forever be grateful for the act of kindness. Also the most amazing chocolate chip cookies! We will definitely be back.There are few things I will travel to great lengths for - bread and bread products and pastries are definitely one of them.   I love bread. Oh carbs, how you satisfy my needs.  
I went here one day on my way to work - and was pleasantly surprised. I had already sampled some of their goods (as they were sold at some of the coffee shops I am a regular of), but stepping into their bakery was a whole other experience.  First of all, I like that you can SEE INTO it. I like seeing that they are actually baking back there.  Secondly, it smells heavenly.  Thirdly, the products are DELICIOUS.  Amazing croissants - some of the best I've ever had.  Almond, and chocolate are great. Not the biggest fan of the plain - a little TOO buttery for my taste.  However, the real reason I go back and back and back, is the cinnamon swirl.  It is truly a delicious pastry.  Additionally, I recently sampled some of their other offerings, which were also delicious.  
I suggest you go here.  Go here soon. And enjoy carbs!New to the area and saw this place was near and the reviews on Yelp. Was great that their menu was offered on here as. Was not able drive to the location and planned on having it delivered . Actually called the location to inquire about delivery and was told they use Uber eats to deliver. Ordered a dozen bagels , some Multi grain Levian bread and choc and Alamo day crossants. I am more of a choc person normally but tasted wife almond and it was delicious! Bagels were great and loved the everything ones ! Will order again and owner Mike was very helpful on phone!Great place for bread! Would love to give them 5 stars but no vegan options for desserts and pastries. Sad face.Yummy bagels! And absolutely delicious croissants. Great place :) Highly recommended. I will return often.I am so glad my Facebook algorithm decided to recommend this bakery, because I will definitely be coming back. I saw that Four Worlds was having a $1 per almond croissant sale which I couldn't resist. Snagged 6 of them this morning and they are, to put it simply, the best almond croissants I've ever had. Crispy but also soft, sweet but not overly so, wonderfully fragrant, beautiful to look at -- I would gladly pay full price for them any day, and I'm excited to come back to try their other items. They also sell baking ingredients/tools and locally sourced honey which I am highly tempted by as well. 
The process of ordering online and picking up is also super convenient. I placed my order the night before and came by this morning to pick it up. There was lots of street parking in the area, and they have you text your name to a number in order to receive your order. The service was incredibly fast; I waited for only a minute or so as they put my order together and was back in my car in a flash. This is an amazing bakery!i have had this bakery on my list to get-to since moving to philly 4 years ago! for years, i have heard nothing but great things about it...but it was still a little bit of a walk from my old apt. and other options in the hood were aplenty. 
well, i just moved...and while still in west philly, my new spot doesn't have the luxuries of baltimore avenue businesses. there are some great businesses like this bakery but pickins are pretty slim. 
anyways, as a treat for a really stressful last couple of weeks, i decided to walk over and get a croissant for myself. oh joy! i walked in and the woman behind the counter greeted me immediately with a smile. she was very friendly and pleasant to interact with. i really walked in to check out the place and get ONE treat...well, smh i ended up walking out with TWO almond croissants, a baguette, and an olive rosemary loaf. of course as soon as i got home, i had to bite into every single one to try them out. haha to be fair, it was happy hour - not sure what that exactly means but i'm thinking since they're all about freshness and the store was about to close soon, things were on sale. they also sell organic fair trade coffees and coffees to-go (although not iced). 
they open super early and close pretty early...630-1 weekdays and 8-1 weekends so they're definitely a great option for before-work treats.
with this option right around the corner from me, i doubt i will EVER buy baked goods at the grocery store again! i mean...come on...why would anybody?!
yay!Heaven in carb form! Finding FWB will likely not be good for my diet, but so very good for my soul. 
The Croissants are out of this world: buttery,
flakey and not overly sweet. The raisin option is something special and unexpected. Imagine a Cinnabon and a raisin had a baby, born in France. #YUM
Can't wait to try more, specifically the bagels! 
I'm also a fan of the online ordering system. Avoid the in person disappoint and check out their real time inventory on their website. "Know before you go"! And if you're lucky enough to live in an area where they deliver too, then even better!  Spending the $15 minimum to cover the delivery should be easy peasy with their vast selection of baked goods.fantastic bread, bagels, and desserts, with an excellent (and covid-safe) ordering system. Getting pasties and a loaf of bread here has become a weekend ritual. I'm partial to the olive levain loaf, it's delicious. They also have a great selection of vegan desserts so you can have options for everyone in the family. OR be adventurous and buy your ingredients here to bake you own. Really, they've thought of everything.I hate to write a negative review of a small business in my neighborhood but I am honestly surprised that Four Worlds has 4-1/2 stars. I have been here many times over the last 4 years that I've lived nearby, and the main thing that bugs me the most about it is that the quality isn't consistent. Sometimes a croissant will be really good and sometimes it will just NOT be good at all. This may seem like nit picking, but there are good croissants and bad. Good ones are flaky, have a nice dark outer crust, a bit of soft chew to them, and also a nice, full rolled SHAPE. Most of the croissants i've gotten from here are so weirdly misshapen so the technique used in making them just clearly isn't great. Sometimes they have a nice dark crust and other times they are so pale and soft on the outside, it's like, did the baker just forget to do an egg wash?! It's very important to the croissant experience!!!
Their choc croissants are usually good but as with their plain croissants, sometimes there will be almost no crispiness or flakiness to it, it will just be chewy/soft which is disappointing in a croissant. 
They always have a little case on the counter with a few more pastry like things they've made that day, often fruit turnovers and caneles. Fruit turnovers- nothing special, and the canele I've had had way too hard a crust and the interior isn't light or custardy enough.
Their bagels- i'm not sure what flour mixture they use in their bagels (I guess some white, some wheat, some spelt, and a sourdough starter or something?) but they just never seem fresh. I'm sure they are because it's a small independent bakery and I'd assume they bake everything fresh each morning, but several times have I gone in the morning, gotten a bagel, sliced and toasted it at home, and they're always just so hard. I will admit i like a soft bagel that gets crispy when toasted, I know some people like a more dense/toothsome bagel- I don't! 
Another qualm is their hours, they've been closed at odd times that seem decided the day of. Once I walked there and there was a sign on the door that said "closed for painting". That's fine, they're entitled to paint during what would otherwise be a normal business day for them I guess, but it doesn't add to my experience with them as a neighborhood bakery. 
The other odd thing about this place is how quickly they run out of stuff. I've gone half an hour, an hour, two hours after they opened and they had no chocolate or regular croissants whatsoever. At 8:30am you have no croissants? I guess it's one of those things where people could easily walk in and order a 1/2 or full dozen croissants, but this has happened so many times it's frustrating! They're a very small bakery, and a lot of people seem to like their croissants based on reviews, but again, it just doesn't add to my experience either. 
Their bread. Usually ok, their sourdough/pain levain is very good! Their other bread is usually bland /uninteresting, like the walnut cranberry. It's obviously amazing/great/all the good adjectives that they mill their own flour here, more places should do this! Unfortunately it doesn't result in an outstanding product to me though. I am a croissant fiend which is why I patronize them once or twice every couple months, but I really wish their croissants were better, and when they are better, I wish they'd be that good every time I go.Four Worlds Bakery has consistently offered great bread options for many years now. I love how crunchy the bagels are on the outside and soft texture inside. They are made fresh daily with sourdough. I usually buy plain and sesame. They accidentally gave me everything bagels this time although my receipt says I should have received sesame. Thankfully I like the everything bagels too. Currently, the price for one bagels is $1.45.
They also have a great selection of breads. I usually get the pre sliced option. The flavors I've tried so far are Olive Rosemary Levain, Classic Pan Levain and Rye. All options taste great.I was so excited to hear of this place when I was on my search for outstanding bread in Philly. They mill their own flour!!! How much more dedicated can you get? Alas, Four Worlds did not live up to expectations. 
I first tried their pain au levain, a standard in any French bakery, which is naturally leavened (levain is essentially a sourdough starter) and by tradition mostly white but with a bit of rye. The flavor is okay, though not outstanding, but the crust is pale and not crunchy. When toasted, it becomes brittle, which is not what should happen in traditionally made boule. The loaf also seems to not have any rye in it, which robs it of that essential flavor. It's pretty much a lackluster San Francisco sourdough, and I'm offended that they call it pain levain. They also offer it in a sandwich loaf yet still call it pain levain, which offends me even more. 
I then tried their fruit/nut and olive breads, since those tend to be more forgiving. They were; not a whole lot to say there. I enjoy them with cheese. But then, on a lark, I tried the Norwegian rye. I don't generally like full rye breads, but this was delicious! Its texture was dense but not too, and the flavor was outstanding. This is the bread you should get if you come here. 
They also have croissants, which are mostly yummy but sometimes underbaked, and canelés, which are the ugly duckling of the boulangerie. Caramelly exterior, eggy interior: the perfect mid-afternoon snack, and I've only ever seen them otherwise at Metropolitan.If you looked at me after eating this croissant, you'd think I just tore up the entire thing into little pieces and scattered pieces of flake on my shirt. This shit is that flaky.