I can't recommend this place enough. The delivery is always on time, if not earlier than estimated, and the drivers are very friendly. The food is excellent. Their Italian hoagies are the best that I've ever had. The ingredients are incredibly fresh and of very high quality. Both the cheesesteaks and chicken cheesesteaks are delicious. If I were rich and wanted to weigh 300 lbs, I would order from here everyday!The only place I get pizza at in East Falls! No other place in the Neighborhood beats itThe delivery took almost two hours, not the reported 40-50 minutes.  It was barely warm.  The pizza itself was not good at all.  Almost no sauce, stingy on the toppings (not even evenly applied), and very tough dough.  This is the first time I've reviewed any restaurant, even when I had crap service/food, this was legitimately one of the worst food related experiences of my life, and this is coming from someone who knows someone who died from botulism.
1/5 is actually more like 0/10.  Nothing redeeming about my experience.Pizza was amazing. I got pepperoni and mushroom. Prices aren't bad either. Only negative was delivery time was a little over an hour. I would order again.Chicken finger special for $10- ten chicken fingers and fries for that price can't be beat. The pizza isnt gourmet or anything but its pretty damn good. 16 bucks for two large pizzas is also pretty solid.Delicious pizza & my deliveries always come before the estimate.  The delivery guys have always been nice and have good phone manners.  I have been satisfied with my experiences and will order from Frank's again.Yea solid choice for lunch, I get it pretty much every day for lunch... If you are read this send me a coupon because I am going to be using itThis pizza is amazing and affordable. The delivery is fast and I love the other stuff on the menu besides the pizza. Located on a cute corner on a suburban hill this place is always where we turn to when we are too lazy to cook.Pizza was good. Cheesesteak was terrible. Stick to pizza and you won't be disappointed.Ordered from GrubHub for the first time and found this place with stellar reviews.
The Cheesesteak was very good, it was not greasy and was still piping hot at delivery. Meat and onions were packed nicely into the roll so nothing was falling out.
Fries were lukewarm, but this is to be expected from delivery, especially to Manayunk which is at a distance from the location. Popped them in the oven to warm up and they were delicious. Nice seasonings. 
For a cheesesteak, fries and a soda it was under $8 before delivery fee, tax and tip.
And, they delivered 15 minutes earlier than expected, which was nice.
I will order again!Just went here to get a cheap quick bite to eat. The workers were very nice and they had our food ready within 10 minutes! I got a chicken cheesesteak and fries and an american hoagie and both were super good. Highly recommend!Tiny neighborhood spot - found it while about a mile away at my kid's gymnastics spot (at Material Culture). Only 4 stools, small place, mainly seem to do take-out & delivery.
I got the chicken parm over spaghetti - very tasty. The spaghetti sauce was a little boring, but with the chicken parm mixed in, it was perfect. Came with a little iceberg salad and bread - really a meal for two. It was all absolutely tasty and just exactly what I was craving.
My kid got a couple if slices of pepperoni - the "for slices" pie was maybe not as good as a fresh pie would've been, but the pepperonis were actually really nice - tasty and not crazy oily.
The service was great, and they had the Phillies game on while I waited. What more could a person want from a pizza joint?Excellent Philly-style pizza, and the chocolate milkshake was perfect too - cheap, basic, great!Pizza is a solid choice. No surprises, always good. I have ordered pizza, Stromboli, hoagies, and even a milk shake. Everything was solid!It seems that this pizza companies drivers are getting robbed a lot where I live so I suggest that nobody put any of the drivers in any danger at all and not order from them anymore I've been ordering from them for a year the first time I heard this s*** so if they're afraid to deliver let's help them out and not even order from them anymoreSadly have to give franks 2 stars.   Ordered the 2 medium pizza special for $13 ($15 with the extra cheese).  Apparently our driver is an ex nascar racer as when pizza arrived, all the cheese was plastered all over the box and off the pizza.  Crust was pretty good though.   Will pickup if we order again.Lived in Philly over 25yrs ago so I come frequent to visit family & came across this hidden gem located in the East Falls area.... Their pepperoni pizza & chicken Philly was so delicious... Also they delivered in no time @all & was greeted by the friendliest delivery person. I'm here visiting for 5 days so I'm sure to call them again for late night munchies .Thanks to Yelp or I would have never known of this place. We were looking for a place to pickup a pizza on the way to a friend's house in East Falls and this had a bunch of good reviews. It was a little off the main path, but we managed to find it with the help of google maps.
The two pizzas we ordered (pepperoni and veggie) were nicely loaded with toppings.  Everyone enjoyed the pizza and really seemed to like the crust and sauce.
The prices were very good for everything we got, so that was even better. I mean who doesn't like good food for an inexpensive price.Worst Grinder I have ever had. They completely forgot to put on lettuce tomato and onions and put the vinegar and oil over the toasted meat and cheese. A soggy unedible mess. Tha pizza and onion rings were decent, delivery was fast but would never order there again.Best Stromboli there is, and BIG too
Pizza is outstanding, the kind of stuff you'd expect from a small family run place and they are really inexpensive 
Franks is the best in east fallsFranks has excellent pizza and uses Sarcones rolls on some sandwiches! I've never had anything that wasn't good and the prices are extremely reasonable! In my opinion they have the BEST cheese steaks in Philly! We order from here all the time and can't recommend it highly enough! Don't know what I'd do without them around the cornerGreat pizza! Nice crust, chewy dough, sauce and cheese were on point!  Definitely our new pizza spot.  Great prices as well.  Highly recommend.I've always liked Frank's, but not enough to write a review. Tonight, finally felt compelled to write a review. Called in an order, was told twenty minutes, an hour later I'm standing in the shop with no pizza, too hungry to abandon ship.
BUT: Frank's was very generous when my pizza was finally ready. One bite of that pepperoni-soaked goodness and all was forgiven. I can't stay mad at you, Frank's.As others have said Frank's is the place for pizza in East Falls!  They have that authentic no frills attitude of a classic philly pizza shop plus they are super friendly.  Sandwiches on Sarcone's rolls is a huge plus in my book!  They even went way out of their way to get me tomato pies for a party - bringing them up from a family shop elsewhere in the city, saying they were tastier than the ones made in house.  They are a real neighborhood spot - I've even seen them selling single rolls of toilet paper when a customer was in a pinch!  My only issue is that sometimes they pull the pizza out of the oven a little early - wait the full time they tell you to or let them know you are happy to wait a little longer!I'm hooked on Frank's.  Tasty, classic, no-nonsense pizza hot from the oven.  The sauce is tangy, the crust perfectly balances soft with chewy with bubbly crisp, and they put just the right amount of cheese on the pie.  Two picnic tables outside if you can't resist the pizza long enough to get home to eat it.  There's a reason the business has lasted more than a quarter of a century.  Eat it!One of the best kept secrets in Philadelphia for Cheesesteaks.  The menu is great and reasonably priced. The food is absolutely delicious!Solid pizza shop. Quick on delivery, reasonable prices, but a bit heavy on the cheeseExpanding my horizons to yet another pizza shop I decided to go here.  This was the first East Falls pizza place I've ordered from.  Was able to order online for this place but paid withy card when I got there.
Order two large 16 inch pizzas for $15.  This is an incredible deal!  The pizza was good too.  High quality cheese with an extraordinarily floury dough and fluffy white crust.  Also got the south Philly cheesesteak sandwhich combo.  I split this with some out of towners and I remarked that this was "south philly" style not remembering that's what it was called.  It was presumably thin sliced rib-eye (not chopped), not heavily season, with wiz on an unseeded 12 inch roll.  Got fried onions on it too.  Unbelievable how you can get the steak, fries and a 20oz drink for under $7.  Really awesome, wish I lived closer as it would be my go to jaunt.I had visitors in from out of town who wanted to experience a good Philly cheesesteak. After searching and reading all of the reviews, we decided to go with Frank's. After waiting over an hour for our order to arrive, I went out to meet the delivery driver who seemed less than interested in helping me with my order. Aside from not having any change (he said he used it all on his last delivery) he remained on his cell phone the entire time while I had to go back inside and ask my guests for one's to avoid giving him a $20 tip. When we all opened our sandwiches, we all were very disappointed. They were dry, barely warm and tasteless. It was a disappointing way to introduce the signature food of the city I love to people who's opinions I respect.OK, so you need gyrotechnology to find the place, if you have any leanings toward acrophobia you will need to suck it up, resign yourself to having to double park even as Philly's Phinest watch while taking a break from donuts, manuever your machine through TIGHT, one way lanes that will cause profuse sweating BUT you will not experiencing much disappointment at all. I really  don't need topping but if I do it is usually sausage; Frank's is not to my liking at all; no problem. The plain is perfection. Short distance to Philadelphia University; reasonable distance from St. Joe and La Salle University.Just recently moved to the neighborhood and had a couple bad hoagies and been searching for a good one. Walked over to this local spot and the hoagie is great. Well done, thanks.Of the many times I have gotten delivery  from here, my food has arrived promptly. Most of the time, the pizza is delicious, but, every once in a while, the pizza has been subpar (burned or cold). Nevertheless, this place is great and the ownership is outstanding. Choose this over Dominos!Got delivery and the pizza was fantastic, same style as Roma's.  Only beef is it took too long to get the pie and I don't live far.  But would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a good pie in the the area.Been ordering from here for years even live 4 doors down for a year.  Best pizza in the falls.  My favorite is a frank's special no black olive.   Don't get fooled by some of the nicer places in town with fancy signs, Frank's is the absolute  best pizza in East Falls.Great prices, fast delivery!!
I do wish they had a little bit larger sized wings and more sauce but they were perfectly cooked!!Yum!! Stopped my for slices and wasn't disappointed. I got cheese slices and they were warm and the cheese was stringy and yummy. The crust was crispy, but not too crispy. Also when they said $3 for two slices I thought they were crazy! It's hard to find cheap slices that are actually good. So, great pizza and great prices, not sure what else one could want. Next time I'll have to try a cheesesteak or a pasta entree :)I love Franks. Great pizza and a super friendly group of people.We live way too close to this place!  Their crust is perfectly chewy.  Their white pizza (olive oil, garlic, and mozzarella) is our favorite.  Their "normal" pizzas are good, but for some reason the white pizza always seems to be even more delicious.  The hoagies are amazingly fresh and tasty, made with Philadelphia's finest rolls.  The chicken wings are mediocre at best; the only thing we've tried that I would not recommend.  The staff is friendly and efficient.  Happy to have Frank's in our backyard!They have really good hoagies and last time I had them they do very speedy delivery. Wish they had larger shrimp for their shrimp basket tho :(This pizza is outstanding. It's the first pizza place near Manayunk that can fill the void left by Caputo's closing.The food is always delicious, the delivery prompt and the service friendly. The go-to place for pizza night.After a bad experience at Slices we tried Franks right in the neighborhood. I'm happy to say that this will be our go-to spot for pizza from now on! The crust was delightfully light and chewy, and everything was wonderful. Thanks Slices for leading us to a great find! We had the large Franks Special pizzaI was recently transferred back into East Falls and one of the very best things about the transfer is that I am once again less than 300 yards from the door of Frank's Pizza.
Frank's makes one of the best pies in the city, no question. Fresh, chewy, doughy crusts; Garlicky, refreshing sauce (which, actually, i could use a little more of); and thickly layered, stretchy, gooey deliciously real mozzarella (which they sometimes put on half an inch thick!). Best thing is that sometime in the last couple years they got a warming case, so the pizzas they have for slices stay warm and gooey and instantly ready for eating!
The cheesesteaks are heavy and delicious and they have any kind of cheese you'd want available. The Hot Roast Beef is good, but the quality of the gravy varies according to who's cooking. The strombolis are heavy and delicious, but not rolled-- just a pizza dough folded in half (they accurately call them Pockets here). Their french fries are always perfect, and the side order is pretty huge (some days, it's my whole meal). Their fried chicken and wings are also good. Pretty much everything is quality, and everything is fresh, so anything you get will be good.
Frank's also has great specials-- Cheesesteak, fries and soda; Hoagies, chips and soda, etc. As with some great take-out spots, they also offer sampler platters of sides and chicken, etc. The prices here are good anyway, but the specials make them great!
Frank's is one of my favorite take-out places in the city for many reasons, not the least of which is how nice the people who work there are and how there's always a sports debate going on. When you're a regular here, it feels like family! It was the very first place i stopped in on my first day back-- I was just too excited to see Mills and be able to talk about the Phils again!An East Falls staple.  The best delivery place in the area with great pizza and speedy service.   
Frank's is not a very big spot and seating is only seasonal (outside).  Everything is good - great salads and steaks and crispy fries.  The wings are huge and breaded, with the wing sauce on the side.   
They are very personable on the phone and will tweak items on the menu to suit your taste.  And now I am seeing online ordering???? Fabulous. 
I can't believe I haven't reviewed them before as I patronize quite often.  I might mention that they are quite reasonably-priced, too, in comparison to other area places.  A favorite.Frank's Pizza is the best pizza shop in town. I have lived and gone there for the last 20 years. The staff is always friendly and they have the best deals for quick meals.
John HFranks is a Family Run Establishment in the Manyunk Section of Philadelphia. The food is Always fresh and Tasty. They have online ordering available from Yelp, Slice(an app), as well as grub hub. The Staff is very friendly, accomodating, and aims to please.Typical "Philadelphia style" pizza, don't see what all the fuss is about.  Thick bland rubbery cheese, sauce with no flavor, thick chewy crust. This style of pizza is pretty common for neighborhood pizza joints around the region and sadly, I don't think people expect better.I really like Frank's! My favorite thing to get is a small mushroom pizza with extra mushrooms. What?! I LIKE MUSHROOMS! All of their delivery guys are nice too. Swear I'm not fat. I just ordered it a lot when I was pregnant...and after. Lucky for me I moved to a place out of their delivery radius!I just tried Franks for the first time after finding them on a restaurant.com. It was a little hidden in a residential neighborhood and I had to use my GPS to find it but easy to spot as you pulled up because of it's hanging sign on the street corner.
The people were very friendly and the service was quick. I ordered a small pizza since it was just for me and the price was right. While there, other people came in to pick up orders and one guy mentioned that he ordered the pizza online.
The pizza wasn't anything special but it was good. The dough was a little chewy for my taste but the sauce and cheese were both really good. I would go back or try their delivery.Great. standard pizza joint. Small place on the corner in a residential neighborhood at the top of the hill. We were feeling avante garde and showed up in a pickle outfit and they surprised us with pickles in the pizza box. We got the magherite pizza and a small veggie pizza - pretty good.The pizza is great, the wings are crispy, and the prices are low with friendly, quick service. Have ordered from here many times and the food is always good.  Highly recommended pizza place.Just moved to the hood from north Jersey and I thought I used to get good pizza. I was mistaken. 
Frank's pizza kicks ass!
I would literally eat pizza everyday if I never wanted to wear a bathing suit again, but I will definitely eat here as often as my waistline allows.
I got a pineapple pizza, garlic bread and two sodas for $14!! Coming from NJ that price is unheard of for delicious food.
Yay Franks!i've ordered from just about every pizza place in the area and can say without a doubt that Frank's is the best. when I think of delivery pizza, the kind Frank's whips up is exactly what I have in mind. consistently good, consistently reasonable delivery times, and fantastic value.
don't feel like cooking dinner? order Franks.I've been ordering here for the last 6 months. Lately it's been disappointing. Although the pizza crust is great, toppings are skimpy.  When I first started ordering meatballs, they were to die for,  then they started to change them up and the last time, they were repulsive. Last but not least, I ordered a a cheesesteak......horrible! So chopped up, it was hard to tell it once was steak. 
Cannot find a decent restaurant in this area for the basics. Maybe I'm spoiled, having lived in south Philly for years.We just moved to the areas and Frank's is our to go! The pizza is awesome- nice crust, quality cheese, and not too much sauce :) 
I usually don't expect any pizza shop to have a good salad- but we order theirs all the time! Its actually REAL lettuce chunks and fresh romaine. Most pizza joints give you a pathetic mix of the shredded lettuce used for their hogies as a base and their toppings as the rest of the salad. Oh and they include 2 cups of salad dressing to boot! My boyfriend orders their chef''s salad all the time- its packed with meat and huge- cost: 6.75!
Great food, cheaper than most, they never screwed up the order, and fast delivery :) We vote Frank's!I've never written a review but this place warrants one. They delivered to me in a blizzard before any plowing AND the food was great. So awesome and I will definitely be getting more when it's less snowy. THANK YOU.Me and the old lady wanted some wings and pizza (a weekend belly filler in this house) and decided to pickup from Franks. We went wolf style on the pizza, it was a little stiff. The wings (or wing dings) are good! Just make sure you keep in mind they look like mini baby chickens. Despite the day of,  the day after wasn't bad popping it in the microwave so for that I'll more than likely be going back.One of these best cheesesteaks around. The four cheeses is amazing!   
Delivery is fairly quick even when using grub hub.You'd never find this place it you weren't looking for it.  It's one of those restaurants in a slightly off-the-beaten-path location that results in the clientele being 99% from the local neighborhood.  Glad I happened upon it.
Good pizza, good hoagies with sarcone's rolls.  Worth making a trip.
(if you're familiar with Brother's deli in East Falls, this place is right around the corner and the rolls are better here)IDW, this pizza is just great. Utterly basic. The ratio between taste and price gives it 5 stars. Speaking as a former new yorker.They delivered in a nor'easter and the food was delicious and accurate. Thanks, Franks!I've ordered from here a few times, and they have really good pizza and pasta dishes. I find that the pizza toppings are always fresh, their pasta meals are huge and come with a fresh garden salad and bread, and the staff are always friendly. The mushroom and green pepper pizza is one of my favorites. The baked ziti is also great and comes with mounds of melted cheese...yum!The delivery is pretty fast. I was sick with a pretty bad cold and I ordered in twice. The food was hot. I'm not a big fan of the mushrooms they used for the pizza and mushrooms are some of my favorite things. I also tried the anchovies. I've never had anchovies on a pizza before so to see it being offered I had to take a dip. 
I'll probably try something else when I order in again.Great pizza joint in East Falls.  Cheap and always good.  Get a white pizza with spinach, tomatoes and ricotta cheese!Took forever to deliver our food, and then forgot one whole sandwich and was not able to contact the restaurant to tell them of the issue.  Garbage everything.  I used to like this place... Shame it sucks now.Constantly ordering lunch from here.  Fast and friendly delivery.  I've had the Frank's Italian hoagie on a Sarcone roll.  The bread is phenomenal.  I've also tried the hot roast beef, chicken cheese steaks and the chicken Parmesean.Franks has great pizza. No offense, but the product and service are both superior to Slices pizza. What's particularly good about the pizza is the quality mozzarella and red sauce. The cheese doesn't drip that yellow grease so common in cheap pizza. You won't need to dab the grease off. The milkshakes are to die for. Franks Italian hoagie is just ok IMO but many ppl love it. I always add red wine vinegar and hoagie dressing because I like my hoagies moist. The wings are also great. I haven't tried the salads or other hoagies, but I certainly will eventually.New to East Falls and have throughly enjoyed the food and service from Frank's. Originally ordered a pizza after our move in and came back for sandwiches the next day.  We are impressed with the food, price and friendly workers.This place is a great neighborhood spot. Solid pizza, awesome milkshakes. Their chicken fingers are great and pasta is on point as well. Also if you are getting the pasta dishes it comes with enough pasta and sides for two people. In general, it's also super cheap.Really good pizza and strombolis for dirt cheap. I feel like they must have forgotten to update their prices. The sandwiches are pretty good but I'd go for the pizza.Love this place! My go to delivery (or pick up) place in the East Falls area! Everything we have ordered has always been great. They have really delicious and affordable specials. My favorite menu item is the chicken cheesesteak special (buffalo style!) They have online ordering and the delivery is always fast! Everyone is always so nice, too!!!Living in East Falls for 12 years teaches you a few things.
Things like don't walk on the train tracks, the 32 bus is loud and annoying and Frank's has the BEST DAMN PIZZA in the neighborhood.
Sure, there are other places that serve a more sophisticated pie, but when you really just want a no frills old fashioned pizza Frank's delivers.
The sauce is good, the crust is good, the cheese is perfect, even the folks working for them are friendly and cordial.
Great Chicken Cheese-steaks too.
For a while the new place in town was worth trying, but after that it was right back to Frank's.Frank's is one of the best spots in East Falls to go for fast food (which seems like a backhanded compliment considering the fact that East Falls has next-to-nothing, but the fact is that Frank's would be good anywhere).
The Ten Things I Like Best: 
1. Their daily lunch specials-- just about every hoagie and hot sandwich, plus fries and a 20 oz. soda/juice for $6.50-$7.50.
2. Their Pizza and their garlic knots 
3. They sell water ice in the summertime (sometimes)
4. They have tastykake products-- in the cooler!!!
5. They have Sarcone rolls!!!
6. When i go in and they are slicing the mozzarella cheese, they will sometimes let me buy one of the giant sticks for a dollar (yay! regular string cheese times ten!)
7. They just got bench-tables with umbrellas for outside eating (great since I work around the corner and it beats the heck out of our staff kitchen)
8. Fast delivery!
9. Talking Phillies with Mills
10. This is yet another business in East Falls that donates every year to the library for their Teen Summer Reading Program... ( there may not be many East Falls businesses, but they sure are generous!)Best pizza and Italian hoagie in east falls. Fast delivery and price is right. It's 2013 and they still sell quality pizzas for under $10. A real throwback that deserves its praises.The food came quickly but it was pretty horrible. Not much more to say. The salad was bland and all iceberg and my husband said the chicken cheese steak tasted like cat food.I found this pizza shop through GrubHub. My meal was delivered quickly and the pizza was tasty. Great, thicker crust than the pizza I've ordered from the other pizza shops in the area. (A plus in my book!). If you are in the mood to try something different, the broccoli bites are really delicious too!Just got take out from them for the first time and just had appallingly poor service from some girl named "Jackie". First, we ordered from the Eat24 app, and even added a tip in good faith. When my husband went to go pick up the order, he began to open his paper bag to double check that everything was in the order. The oh-so-eloquent Jackie gave him a sneer and snarky "what?!" as if he didn't trust her food packing skills. My husband explained he had never been there before and just wanted to see what was in the bag. He went on to ask "Doesn't this come with a drink?" And Jackie went on to say, like some punk kid "oh, you're supposed to grab it."  Remember, this is my husband's first time in!  She might as well had said "What - are you dumb or something?!" with the attitude that she was giving him.  When he arrived home, we opened the bag to discover items missing from the order - a side of hot sauce and a side of blue cheese.  We immediately called and spoke with Jackie telling her that items were missing from the bag. It wouldn't be that big of a deal if she didn't deliver even more attitude: "well, you can come back and get it."  We said that it wasn't convenient and we just wanted them to know they forgot items. Her response: "you don't want it?"  We said yes, we wanted it - that's why we ordered it in the first place, we just wanted them to know things were missing.  She goes on to say "So why are you calling?"
Wow. Just wow.
The food was decent, but because we didn't order the of side of attitude that came with our food, we probably won't return.Probably some of the best pizza place fries i've had. A little spot on the corner in east falls not much to look at but friendly service good food at a low price goes a long way. One of the better cheese steaks and hoagies we've gotten, I've deemed it our new go to pizza placeThe food is good and very inexpensive. You can get a lot to eat for very little. I have had the pizza, chicken fingers, chicken Parmesan, and spaghetti with meatballs. All good portions and exactly what you'd expect. The service is good too and I was called immediately when grub hub made a mistake.Great Philly-style pizza (Is there such a thing as Philly-style pizza?): floppy, thin, huge slices, smothered in toppings.  When you fold a slice, it's like eating a pepperoni sandwich, which is as awesome as it sounds.
The location is strange, though.  I've lived in the neighborhood for two years, but if you blindfolded me and pushed me out of a speeding van outside of Frank's, I would have a difficult time traveling that mile home.