Thanks for the shaken up delivery Francoluigis! Half the pizza has no cheese! But still delicious anyway!A neighborhood gem. Been living in South Philly for many years now and never tried to eat inside. We finally did tonight. It was delicious and come in excellent portions. You'll never leave hungry. Glad it's in our neighborhood!I brought my parents there for an important anniversary. We brought a cake from Isgro's. A really expensive cassata. (Bringing your own occasion cake is not unusual in the neighborhood.) A big cake. They served us cake, we paid our bill, they gave us the rest of the cake in its box and we left. when we got home, I saw that the cake had been reduced in size way beyond our eight medium servings. They served OUR cake to other people without asking or telling us! I could not believe it.! Maybe they even charged people for it, who knows? Other issues: the food was okay. No one will confuse them with Le Virtu. The singers were the pits compared to Victor's. The service was mediocre, at best. Spaccones! Never again.This was my first time trying South Philly pizza, and it was something special. We ordered a plain cheese pizza and sausage/mushroom pizza. Both were good, but I'll always remember the sausage. Loved that it was sliced sausage rather than crumbled or ground. It had so much good flavor. My friend patted her sausage with napkin, but I thought it was just fine--a little grease adds flavor :)All I can say is Party in your mouth! Great spot and the specials are always award winning and you can't loose with the live entertainment.We called ahead to order a tomato pie and a cheesesteak pizza, and they had it ready for us when we got there. Its hard to find parking in that area, so i suggest someone stays in the car while someone runs in to pick up if you are not eating it. The tomato pie's sauce was very tasty. The cheesesteak pizza had great flavor. We actually put ketchup on it, and it truly tasted amazing like that.Best. Pasta. EVER.
My husband and I came here on a friend's recommendation (husband was craving a calzone, and my friend lives in South Philly). We immediately felt welcome (it was like hanging out a friend's place, cuz they would randomly talk to you and you could overhear their crazy conversations) when we stepped in into the take-out part of restaurant, and since no one was sitting in the nook with a few tables, we decided to eat there instead of running back home.
I perused the menu and landed on one thing: ziti tebaldi. If you know me, you'll know some of my favorite things in the world are artichokes, sun-dried tomatoes, olive oil, and lemon (though not garlic, but I wasn't complaining). There was no question what I was going to order.
The first bite was heaven. It was a fairly large portion, but it was more chicken than pasta, so all was well. My husband got this GIANT ham-and-cheese calzone, which was also very good, but I liked my pasta better, haha. =P 
Definitely coming back!I really love the High Note Cafe. I had the most amazing seafood Fra diavolo here. Huge portion too. The opera singing was so beautiful that I didn't want to leave. I will certainly be back to try some more dishes on the menu.Very good pizza, but other reviews are correct in slow delivery time - however there is no need to get angry about it, just know it as a fact, and don't order delivery if you are in a rush.Fantastic local place. Pizza is top notch. Had the margarhita. Crust was perfect. Garlic knots for the table was over the top.Hands down one of the pizza places in south philly. Not to mention they are one of the only two places I will eat Italian food in the city.We are so happy to live within walking distance of Francoluigi's!
It's really two places.
One is the pizza takeout place, the one we have known for a long time.  As others have mentioned, the pizza is hard to beat.  But the best part of the takeout is the extensive menu.  When we have a large crowd of guests, we just call up the takeout menus on the website and let each person do their thing.  We can personally recommend the pizza, wings, grilled salmon sandwich, and tuna Italiano (hoagie).  Visitors from California rated the cheesesteak the best in the city (and they sampled cheesesteaks from various places every night they were in town!).  By your second visit Nick the counter guy will have you feeling like family.
On Saturday we tried the High Note Café for the first time.  We were entertaining friends who wanted traditional Italian with atmosphere, and they were blown away.  Others here have done a good job of recapping the excellent dinner menu.  We were amazed that we could select from very good wines, all priced at $22.95.  On bottle was on special for $19!  In a city where restaurants are highly competitive, that is the type of thing that keeps customers smiling, and returning.  The opera singing was very good, and adds a special element to a fun evening out.  We cannot wait to return.We LOVE this pizza! Always ready when we pick it up and super hot! Mamas home style is awesome and we also love sausage and onion! Great local place. Two thumbs up!I was born and raised in New York, and I moved to Philly for my job. At home, good pizza is just around the corner, and pretty much on every corner; whether it's in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, and even Long Island (where I'm from). Pizza is a staple in my diet - the ultimate comfort food. Since moving here I have not found a decent slice of pizza, and I will not stop until I find something that even slightly resembles the deliciousness of New York pizza. So, if you're serious about pizza, follow my reviews, because I'll be reviewing every pizza joint I eat from to let you know what's worth it and what's not. 
That being said, this pizza stinks. It's not even really pizza. I ordered a "traditional" pie with half mushroom and a "white" pie. The traditional was of the typical Philly variety: chewy and gross (dough tasted under cooked). The mushrooms weren't from a can, so that's a plus.
The white pie was nothing more than dough and mozzarella cheese. No ricotta. No taste. No good. Now, it was delivery, but that's really no excuse. Back at home I ate quality, whether it was pick up, delivery, or sit down. Delivery also took just over one hour. 
Don't bother with Francoluigi's. I threw out the remaining slices. Couldn't even justify eating it cold.For music lovers. Great food and wonderful entertainment.  We stumbled in during halftime of March Madness at the Wachovia, just a couple stops up on the Broad St Line.  They treated us great and served us delectable Italian food.  Then suddenly our waitress took the stage with a piano player and belted out a couple numbers!  Lots of opera and jazz memorabilia.I have been to the High Note several times this past year - once for a birthday and once with family.  I have learned a few things: 1) food is excellent; 2) DO NOT even whisper during a song; 3) order the homemade desserts; 4) bring many bottles of wine.  The service is wonderful, the environment is perfection and the musical accompaniment is great.  Never a disappointment!Mario Lanza & Buffalo Chicken pizzas are great. Wings are pretty good too.I came for Opera Night on a Wednesday.  The pre-fix meal was nothing short of amazing.  The best Caesar salad I have had in the city so far.  The pasta was perfectly cooked and believe me I soaked up the sauce with my bread.  Grilled vegetables were lovely.  I had fish, again, very good.  I also had two very excellent margaritas.  Dessert was canoli - the filling was out of this world!
The service was very good.  I think there was a new trainee that night who seemed a bit hesitant to do things without being told, but overall they did well.
The opera on for the evening was Carmen.  The singing was ok.  I understand they may do more opera nights and have a variety of arias/duets instead of a full-on show.  This may work better to have more of a variety of singing.  
The only drawbacks are getting a reservation, and parking.  You can only call for opera night reservations on certain days and during certain hours. The restaurant is not large so reservations go quickly!  It's a flat fee of $20 for the opera night, then $25 for the dinner. Drinks, tax, and pre-charged 18% tip are extra.  Their website says they will pay 50% of your valet parking bill at the Fountain, but street parking can be had with some extra time and planning (allow an extra 30 minutes for that).  
Apparently I need to go back and try the pizza, as the pizza business was super busy when I arrived.  Thanks, High Note Café!This place is amazing! I heard good things from a friend and their pizza's the best in south philly(which I order on an almost weekly basis) so I figured I'd try out the restaurant.. Couldn't have been better.. Romantic!! Dim lit, romantic Italian music, candle light, then more music which was performed live by an cool ass OLDschool Italian playa on the accordion and the OWNER of the joint helpin him out on the vocals! That's what I call puttin the love into your business.. And the food! Fogettaboutit! If you don't like this place, then you don't like Italian food.. I grew up wit an Italian mother so I'm a tough critic and this place just flew to the top of my list..I think that their pizza and wings have to be some of the best in Philadelphia, however, it is the god awful service and attitude that have forced me to write this review.  They are literally two blocks away from me, and yet they are never able to get the food to me in under an hour, or even an hour for that matter.  However, that is not the worst part, it's the attitude and total disrespect that these people have that is so infuriating.  
I called them two weeks ago to place an order, the gentleman that answered the phone said in an incredibly rude tone, we don't open for another three minutes, and we're really busy, you need to call back in an hour.  I didn't.  This weekend my fiance and I decided to give them another chance because their pizza is really that good.  After waiting for an hour and 15 minutes, I decided to call and see how much longer it would take. Having worked in the restaurant industry myself for five years, I always make sure that I am understanding and polite, so I feel that the man's attitude was undeserved.  He told me it had only been an hour and three minutes and that I need to relax.  Unbelievable! First of all, how dare you tell a reasonable and calm customer that is asking a totally valid question to relax. And secondly, I am extremely concerned about this man's telling time skills; that's a fundamental skill for working in the restaurant industry. You would think that in this economy people in nonessential industries would want to be as pleasant as possible to loyal customers, however, this man does not see it that way. 
Pizza places are ubiquitous in South Philadelphia; you'd think these people would want to stand out as not only having great food, but providing the community with great service.  I will never order from this place again.  And I suggest that others refrain from patronizing this place as well.  Poor behavior should never be rewarded.The pizza here is totally awesome. Philly is home to several varieties of pizza, which I think can be grouped as the following (sorry if this sounds inaccurate to some people):
1. Gourmet - Any of those new fancy restaurant guys' pizzas (Stella) or any sort of upscale-ish type pizza (Dock Street).
2. "Greek" - I think this is the name for it. It is that greasy thin crusted stuff found in a lot of pizzerias (Fairmount Pizza)
3. "University City / Drexel" Style - This is sort of a cross between the "Greek" style and NY style, but its generally pretty awful. I think this is mainly due to the fact that they are selling the pizzas in bulk to Drexel or to drunk kids.
4. Hilariously large pizza - See Lazaro's or Lorenzo's (strangely similar names...)
5. What I call "normal" pizza - This is probably called NY style by most people, but whatever. A good example here is Angelino's in Fairmount.
Francoluigi's pizza falls into the fifth category, and it is pretty much the best that this category has to offer. It may be the best pizza in the city overall. The crust is nice and soft, but still crusty. The sauce is just the right combination of sweet and garlicy and savory. The toppings are super delicious. We ordered the "South Philly" pizza. This is a supreme or what my mom calls "garbage" pie. It has basically everything that you expect on an awesome pizza, plus some extra stuff. We also ordered the antipasto, which was basically the standard Italian antipasto, but really good. Pizza may always be hanging out with salad, but this time I was glad to have it around. I'm probably not doing it justice with this description. The best I can say is that I've lived here for 10 years now, and I've tried a lot of pizzas. This is at or near the tops.
The only criticism that I have is that maybe it could use a little more sauce, which I'm sure would be remedied if you ask for it. Also, they're pretty far south, but they still deliver to CC, which is pretty great.
I haven't tried the High Note Cafe yet, so I can't say anything about that, but the delivery pizza alone makes this place one of my favs.Francoluigi's is one of the best pizzas I've ever had. Great crust, nice and greasy from the pepperoni and always delivered fast. I've only tried a few pizza joints in philly but when I find a place I like I don't venture elsewhere. 
Onion rings are awesome. Cheese steaks are also great. Awesome value and always good.I have been a customer for years and let me tell you: DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT order anything fried from this place. It just sucks. I don't think they ever change the oil. Anything you order that is fried comes with the same color and rancid smell. Also, whoever is cooking now, does not think for a moment that fried stuff needs to drain a little before you put it in the container. Disgusting.friday night. memorial day weekend kickoff. the baby goes to bed early. mom has one cocktail too many....
so of course an hour later i'm insisting my husband find me a pizza, immediately. not content to wait an hour or more for delivery, i tell him to just order whatever's closest to home. side note: i'm generally the make-it-at-home, whole wheat dough, low-fat organic cheese kinda gal. but sometimes you just gotta have a slice. or three....
enter the franco and luigi's delivery guy. we got one big plain cheese pizza and one tomato pie. both were shockingly fabulous. and that's not the alcohol talking. our backyard full of friends were unanamious in their agreement: CHEAP, GREAT, a total south philly surprise.
the extra large pies were awesome - the next morning, with a dull headache, i whipped up 'pizza eggs' - scrambled eggs with cheese and onion that i threw on top of the leftover tomato pie. a rare stroke of genius. yum....We had a group of 12 for a business dinner during the week. We went family style and the food was fantastic, plentiful, well made and beautifully presented. The music and singers added so much to the dinner. My clients from Texas loves the authenticity, the tastes and atmosphere as did all of us!!
Lots of fun, great food and super accommodating professional team. Franco, you are at the top of your game!Finally!! After three months of trying all the places around south Philly I have found my new pizza spot delivery took a while but it was worth it and pizza was hot. Prices are right and thin crust  great sauces pizza was perfectThe High Note Cafe is a truly magical experience that everyone living in South Philly should try a least once. For the second year in a row, my friends took me here for my birthday and the place did not disappoint.Our server Steve made me feel really special, singing "romantic" songs way better than the traditional happy birthday. I recommend you bring ten friends, 10 bottles of champange and let the staff entertain you. The food was really good but honestly, it could have been total crap and I don't think I would have noticed. 
My roommates and I often order delivery from Francoluigi's and it's some of the best pizza ever. So yes, I recommend both the High Note and Francoluigi's!Best tomato pie I've had in the city!
Sicilian Tomato Pie: AMAZING (and vegan). I always request the slices without crust because I want to get as much of the sauce as I can 
Staff: super cool, always seem to remember the regulars
Gnocchi: just like your Italian grandmother's 
Also, I once had a rando guy from the neighborhood start talking to me about how he's been going to this place for 30 years. Everyone else getting pizza from there seems to be just as loyal to the business--that's when you know it's good. 
And this place is only a block from the Tasker-Morris stop--great for a grab and go slice on the way to a Flyers or Phillies game!I came to Philadelphia on a business trip. One of my coworkers heard that High Note Cafe was a great place so we decided to check it out. 
When the taxi driver dropped us off, I was surprised that it was in a regular neighborhood - not on a main street. As we walked in, there was a counter for ordering pizza to go. The server met us and brought us to a small dining room. There were about 10 or 11 tables and most of them were full. 
My coworker ordered fried calamari for all of us - four of us. The fried calamari was terrible! It was overcooked, very chewy, but the marinara sauce was delicious. 
The server brought us some dinner rolls - knots specifically. They were burnt and bland - no seasonings. 
I ordered the shrimp scampi over linguine. Now, this was really good! The shrimp and pasta were perfectly cooked. I love wine/garlic sauces and this one was amazing. I nearly licked the bowl clean. 
The owner (I assume he's the owner) sang a few opera songs while we were eating. I'm deaf so I didn't really care but my coworkers said he was really good. There was also a pianist. Everyone there were very nice and friendly. 
I would go back - only to eat the shrimp scampi over linguine if I was in the area again.I wish I could give this place a better rating, but unfortunately, I can't. I came here last night with some co-workers for a goodbye dinner, and we all left unimpressed by the way the owner and manager treats his staff. We thought the food was ok (though my sandwich wasn't that great), and the ambiance is all right, but we were turned off by witnessing the owner's behavior. For example, we witnessed him address the bus boy on duty as "Bus Boy", not by his real name (Shane). Also, when our lovely waitress (Kim) attempted to accommodate one of our party with a dish request that was not on the menu, he came by and flatly stated "No. Do you see that on the menu? No, we're not doing that." Kim said on more than one occasion that it was a new menu and she was unfamiliar with it. In my opinion, if you make a new menu, you need to acquaint your wait staff with it so that they know what folks are ordering. Also, it allows them to give recommendations to patrons! The last kicker was when three people in our party wanted to pay for a portion of the bill with a card instead of cash. We were initially told that this would not be a problem, but when the check came, we discovered that the bill would be split equally into three, once the cash had been subtracted, but they would not allow them to each specify how much to put on each card. Not cool. So, I'm sorry to say that I do not plan on being a patron of this establishment in the future. I'm sure I can find a better Italian place in South Philly to spend my money. (P.S. Yay Shane and Kim!!!)Cute little Italian spot with good NY/NJ style Italian food for a great price! 
Food - I had the pizza both times I was here and it was great! Done perfectly - not too soggy, but not too crispy with a great amount of flavor. The baked ziti was great, but the penne that came on the side of the chicken parm didn't really compare. They give a complementary order of garlic knots, which came out a bit cold, but nonetheless tasted delicious! To end the night, we shared a cannoli, which was scrumptious!!  
Service - Great! Our waitress was very attentive and helpful - I told her that I was a vegetarian and she did a great job explaining the menu. Everyone let us enjoy our dinner without any distractions even though we were in the aisle. Also, I called in to make a reservation a few hours in advance and explained that I'm coming from a distance so I may be a little late to the reservation, and the gentleman was very understanding and said he'd hold me a table regardless! 
Ambiance - Cozy little restaurant with a live pianist to set the mood. Could get a bit loud and "busy" in the sense that there are a lot of staff walking around in a confined area, but it didn't bother me one bit.
Location - You walk in through the pizzeria and then into the restaurant. Not in the heart of the city, but one good thing about that is that it's easier to find street parking. 
Boyfriend gave this place a 3.7/5.The best ever.    I drive here from the far northeast part of philly worth the drive the red pizza could win awards   Anthony and NatalieUp until the time I moved to Philadelphia, I had all but given up on pizza as being nothing more than drunk food or something employers use as some kind of meager reward for working serious overtime for little to no pay. Exploring the neighborhood, and upon recommendation from my new roommates, I happened in and had two slices.
Now, I use Francoluigi's as a reason why some of my closest friends should move here. If I go in with other people, even if I've eaten already, I get a slice. I wouldn't describe myself as a pie connoisseur, but no one visiting has crossed me on my decision to make the short walk over.
On top of the food, the people working behind the counter seem to treat everyone with great appreciation for patronizing the business even though they could totally get away with being jerks. Even if I move out of South Philly, I will make this a stop whenever I'm down in the area.Roast Pork Italiano Pizza - the rabe, the sharp provolone, the pork, the perfect crispy and chewy crust.Great, go-to pizza. Terrible customer service. Still a loyal Friday night customer despite the numerous errors in orders!My favorite pizza place in Philly!!! The guys are great that work the pick-up area. Friendly and personal! I got pizza to go, next time I'll dine in!Why are there not more reviews on this place? The food, immaculate. The singers, spectacular. The decor, delicious. Where else can you get dinner and a show this far away from Broad St. and this far removed from the 1920's? Just bring your own bottle though and pay the corking fee. You'll be glad you did if you had to sip one of their aged grape juices.Late night meal. We sat outside and enjoyed among the last days of summer. A beet salad and a pizza. Oh, but what a beet salad. And what a pizza.  
Some things just go right. This salad was fresh, with a bevy of greens, walnuts and a crumble of goat cheese atop it. But top it we couldn't. It just seemed to be perfect without trying hard. 
Then the pizza. The crust of the pie is the king. The cheese and sauce are somehow in balanced ratio. I am not a foodie, per se. But I can use per se in a sentence and this pie was delicious. Not delicous, per se, but delicious. 
The chef sat outside nearby, with friends and family and he chatted with us periodically. He was very nice and it only added to the pleasant ambiance. But the food stood on its own and then soared. We loved it. 
You know what I mean and I mean what I say. Try this place out.  You'll be glad you did.We just finished our leftover Sicilian tomato pie and I feel heartbroken. I have had leftovers of various menu items numerous times, but it was only recently that I was able to try their food fresh. I'm a big fan of their pesto goat cheese salad and the tomato pie. 
I planned on ordering the round tomato pie per Abby W's suggestion, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. I went with the Sicilian, and could not have been happier. This pizza does not need cheese, I'm convinced there is nothing that could make it more delicious than it is. 
My stepdad and boyfriend additionally scarfed down nearly 30 wings, which were large and meaty. 
Not only is the food amazing, the owner was working the register and phones and he was extremely nice. 
I'm looking forward to eating in sometime to experience the opera, but if tomato pie isn't on the in house menu, I'll have to get one to take home.Very cute neighborhood restaurant. Staff is very friendly and inviting. The homemade bread is so good. I had the veal parmesan which was very good and filling. The portions are huge so be hungry. Gotta go back and try the pizza before leaving town.Was sad they didn't have live singing anymore in the dining room. I called like a year ago (my bad) and they said yes, on Friday and sat nights. But I guess they don't anymore. I asked our waitress and she said once a month they have concerts, check the website, but i did and I see nothing there.
Also, not a 'fault' but the music they were playing was (personally) atrocious smith weather channel jazz. Honestly I do believe most people would prefer classical, opera or standards like Sinatra. 
The decor is dated, but fine. 
Our cheese pie was ok at best. The Caruso with chicken cutlet and ricotta had no flavor, zero spice or zing. Good Crusts. I had to get up to ask a server for parm and red pepper, and again for a water refill. 
There's much better pizza in south philly. The prices were ok for pizzas. 
It's byo for wine which is cool and can save you some dough.I have not eaten here, so this is not about the food.  I'd noted sometime back that Wednesday was jazz night here and finally got out the door and walked over. 
It was an odd night as it's Rosh Hashana and a lot of the usual jazz crowd was not there, so they said. There was a woman at the piano, a man singing and one couple in the restaurant at 9:00 PM. 
I ordered a glass of wine, but was told that I would be charged a $30 cover charge if I didn't order that in food. $30 for jazz is fine if I'm in New York and have albums by the artist, but this is Philadelphia. Come on. 
I promptly walked out.Spent a lovely Valentine's date here. We had early reservations at 5 and they had a table ready in the lovely Italian cafe attached to the pizza parlor. It's truly a hidden gem in south philly. You wouldn't even know how nice it is by the outside. The live jazz in the background set the perfect mood for the dinner. 
We split a bottle of Malbec and looked through the menu. I ordered the eggplant and tomato pizza and my date got the chicken and shrimp rigatoni (special) which was phenomenal. We finished dinner with heir chocolate covered Italian ice cream. It's not on the menu but you can ask for it.
The dinner was cozy, private, and couldn't have asked for better!I enjoy this place so much. It's an old school establishment with solid pizza. The night we dined in, there was a guy playing the piano the entire time we ate which I wasn't expecting, but enjoyed it. The service is a bit on the slow side, but in a way that allows you to enjoy your meal without feeling like you're being pushed out the door. Our server made us feel like we were regulars. The vegetarian pizza is overflowing with onions, peppers, and a whole bunch of other yummy veggies; we couldn't even finish the whole thing; always a plus!Update: got a pathetic, angry message from the owner the other day calling me an idiot. I hope he's in full meltdown, because he's a turd and his restaurant is disgusting.I love this place for its amazing food, awesome service, and intimate atmosphere.  A must visit every time I am in Philly.delicious!!!! and very warm environment love that the servers sing. just nice to not sit too close to the pianist when one server sings. he's good but loudI can not attest to the High Note Cafe and my review is only for take out pizza/ beer.  But this is the best Pizza I've had in Philadelphia as far as take out goes.  The Homestyle Margherita is just the best.  AND-- they have 6 packs and will give you a glass of wine sometimes while you wait.  I moved out of the delivery area and I will never forgive myself.The sacchetti here is never on the menu but usually offered as a special. It is really great. A bit disappointed tho that the last time I went they weren't doing the waitstaff/opera singing. Instead they had a guy on the piano who I couldn't hear when sitting in the elevated section.My husband and I have been going to High Note for many years.
We almost always have an excellent meal, and always-always enjoy their great service.
High note is so named because the owner is a huge fan of opera and music in general. The walls are padded with photos of all kinds of well-known musicians and singers from all over the world, many of whom have met the owner and/or dined at High Note. There is live piano music which is lovely, as well as singing from the waitstaff, who in addition to being well versed in Italian cuisine, also happen to be professional opera students. I have been to other Italian restaurants where this same musical ambiance is attempted, but none can match the quality and professionalism of High Note. 
One of their signature dishes is the Bolognese alla Bergonzi (baked riggatoni), which is the point of my dining experience. When it is good, it is one of the best--no the BEST--Italian dish I have ever had in my life!!! When it is off a little, I want to cry and wish I hadn't made the trip downtown to bother. They have a family recipe which somehow adds cinnamon or something totally unexpected to the sauce and just completely lights yo up when you eat it. It is so so so good. Nothing like it ever when they make it well. My husband has enjoyed a sampling of many different dishes and specials, but I always go for the same.
We also often get their antipasto which is $15 but HUGE, absolutely will feed 4 people easily. It is excellent every time! Fresh made bread is also wonderful, even better dipped in olive oil with a little salt, ''molto buono!'' Italian desserts are classic standards and well done. 
I did learn recently that I may have to call ahead to make sure they have my Bolognese alla Bergonzi because they were out once recently and I was heartbroken. So if you have a favorite make sure to have a back up, or call ahead like me.OK, so Franco & Luigi's might not be the greatest Italian fare you'll ever taste, but it's perfectly respectable and some of it is downright memorable.  More importantly, F&L's has all the right moves for a first date, romantic evening or just an unforgettable dinner with friends.  For starters, the space is cozy and the ambiance is warm (think brick walls, low lighting and intimate tables). But the show stopper? The wait staff sings opera. Live opera. I mean, come on. That's undeniably charming. Add to that attentive and friendly service, plus your own favorite bottle of wine, and you've got the recipe for a great night out.Great food! But we asked them not to ring the doorbell, but they did anyway, sending our mouthy dog into a frenzy.Some of these reviews (especially the older ones) can be misleading. Half of them are for the carryout pizza place and the other half are for the fine dining establishment. As it turns out, these are two very different things, and the first time we came here we were very confused. Not in the mood to spend a ton of money, we decided to just get pizza in the pizzeria part that you first walk into. The pizza was not bad, kind of average but pretty good by Philly pizza standards (which are admittedly not that high (it's okay, California pizza is worse)). 
The second time, we decided to try the fine dining part. It's a nice date place: cozy and intimate, and you wouldn't feel weird dressed up or down. The sporadic bursts of opera sung by the waitstaff make for a very entertaining and unique dinner experience. The free garlic knots are delicious and more importantly infinite, and the salads are HUGE: the single serving is more than enough for 2-3 people, and the 2-person antipasti salad could probably feed a small African country (Lesotho, perhaps). We shared a crab bruschetta salad, which was essentially a heaping pile of crab meat on a bed of lettuce with a light vinaigrette - delicious. The entrees were your standard Italian fare, tasty though a tiny bit pricier than most Italian BYO's in Center City. The Puccini-belting waitstaff makes the extra couple bucks worth it, though.I went here for dinner a while back with 3 others. We went on opera night which I thought would be an interesting and enjoyable evening. The food was good....not great or amazing, but good.  So throughout the night, waiters and waitresses would get up and sing. I thought this was a novel idea but it seemed like every ten minutes someone was singing. That would be great if you considered it background noise. They don't consider it that way. If you talk to your co-diner, you are glared at by staff and customers alike. We were chatting in low voices but we even got "Shh'd".  The owner ( I think he was an owner) even made a public comment about listening to the singing. Look, I'm out to dinner with friends and would like to enjoy their company. I would like to enjoy some music as well but not the entire dinner. I have never felt so unwelcomed in a place I was spending money. I will never come back.Somehow, living in Philly my entire life... I never heard of Francoluigi's (GASP) until my girlfriend, from Florida told me it was great. Then I ordered a pizza from here. Well, yeah... it's great. 
The end.My girlfriend and I absolutely love this place. I'll start off by saying that the service is great. The people answering the phone are easy to speak with. They confirm what you say and always get the order right. A lot of pizza shops in this city have surly workers on the phone; you know, places where you can't hear what the person says, rushes you during your order, and then hangs up abruptly, leaving you wondering if you're even going to get your order. Not at this place! Delivery time is average - I think this place is usually pretty busy. 
On to the pizza. I will be so bold as to say that this is the best pizza I've had in Philly. Just perfect, really! The sauce is great, not sweet like most pizza in this city (eugh!), and I appreciate that. The toppings are super fresh and tasty, the cheese is excellent, and the pizza is always cooked just right! This place is very consistent with their food - never undercooked, never too doughy, and never burnt. I must get at least two pizzas here a week - it's that good. I haven't had a pizza I didn't like.
How about other food? This place has pretty good food besides pizza. The hoagies and hot sandwiches are killer. I really dig the chicken parm's, although they can get messy if you get them delivered. The fries are kick-ass. The wings are OK - the sauce is pretty good though. They're nothing to write home about, but then again I'm kind of a wing snob and I usually make my own. The wings are still better than 90% of the places in this city (this city has crappy wings!).
TL;DR - Best pizza in South Philly hands down, good sides, hoagies, hot sandwiches, friendly AND consistent service. I'm glad to have such a great pizza shop close by to my house. Francoluigi's sets the bar high!There are many reasons I am thrilled to be back in South Philly - and one of them is pizza.  You see, ordering pizza in West Philly was always a gamble that often failed - most of the stuff out there is sub-par and overpriced.  
Getting Franco & Luigi's delivery is maybe the best. thing. ever.  They're quick, delicious, and surprisingly, reasonably priced.  This weekend we ordered the 18' traditional margherita style pizza with an order of 10 wings.  All of that for about $20.50 including tip....amazing!
Their pizza is made with quality ingredients - a delicious plum tomato sauce and cheese - none of that greasy, ketchup sauce and cheese.  Oh, and the wings.  Lightly fried, with the buffalo wing sauce on the side, so the wings don't get soggy in the delivery.  Genius.
Between F&L's and Slice, the (pizza) life can be pretty good down this way.Great selection of food and wine.  The New York Pizza is my favorite.  You can order out for pick up and delivery in the neighborhood or walk in and either order a whole pie or pick from the selection already made.  The restaurant's selection of choices and wines is excellent.  The owner is awesome and proud and should be proud of his establishment.   Look for the music and concert nights. Mangia!My girlfriend and I got pasta to take out. Now we have to take my dad there to eat in, because it's just old school enough for him. He likes his Italian food to be what you'd have gotten 40-50 years ago, when he was a kid. If we take him anywhere that has too much Tuscan or modern influence, he doesn't enjoy it. This place does the Italian-American classics and does them right.
I had linguini alfredo and she got gnocchi with broccoli rabe in a blush sauce. Both had top-notch pasta. The sauces were mild but flavorful, maybe not quite enough oomph in the blush sauce to stand up to the broccoli rabe, but still enjoyable. Tasty, soft, fresh garlic knots came free with our entrees, too.
I was circling the block while the girlfriend ran in to get our food, so I didn't see it, but she said the pizza looked good. We'll be back to find out for sure.My problem with this place is that I have stopped enjoying pizzas from other places after eating it here about 13 years ago. They make simply the best pizza in South Philly. I don't know what it is that makes them so good;the dough or the tomato sauce or the oven or all of the above. I have been here over 400 times and not once have I been dissapointed. Until last week, my favorites here were Mama's Homestyle and Pizza Caruso. That changed on wednesday, when I tried their Zuchini Pizza with Goat cheese. If you are in South Philly, you have to visit this place. You will not be dissapointed.So being that this joint is in my neighborhood, and I have have heard such rave reviews I decided to walk in and see the what the fuss was about...
Upon first glance from their modest outdoor signs, the place looks on par with your neighborhood pizza joint, but upon smelling the beautiful aromas of freshly baking bread and nicely browning toppings you know there's something special inside.  
I decided to order two slices of their zucchini, goat cheese, and mozzarella pizza.  My only deduction of a star comes here since the pie was resting a storage case and reheated upon order (I figured a fresh pie would have gotten the 5 star stamp of approval).
Even at the reheated state, the pie was GOOD.  They reheated the pizza a little too much for my liking, but nonetheless the freshness of the grilled zucchini and goat cheese was really evident from the first to last bite.  Best part was the price tag...$4.50 snagged me the two slices.  At California Pizza Kitchen (the only low point of my home state), $4.50 gets you table bread and iced tap water.  You can only image what fresh goat cheese and zucchini will run.
Lastly, the people there were great.  The owner is normally manning the ovens, and he sings at the High Note Cafe located right next to the pizza shop.  Francoluigi is another great find in Philly.  I also intend to check out the High Note Cafe in the very near future.Fantastic plain pizza. I've had this pizza since I was a kid and they haven't changed and its a good thing. Call for delivery!If it it was woo hoo as good as it gets, I'd probably be somewhere in Brooklyn right now but I have to say over the years living in South Philly pizza tends to surprise me.  Having been used to seriously huge slices of Sicilian back in NY, this square pizza was just the right size plus the meals we ordered..Gnocci with red sauce and the mussels were on par too....great for delivery!The streets of South Philly are alive with the sound of  music and the smell of fresh garlic rolls ! I had the pleasure of experiencing one of South Philly's hidden treasures  on Saturday night -March 28th . This hidden gem is called High Note Cafe' 1549 S. 13th street on the corner of 13 th and Tasker  it's masked by the adjoining pizzeria Francoluigi .(Same owner ) .'What a treat for your eyes as well as your stomach . Italian comfort food at its finest . Pasta in a sauce that  can only be described as morsels in clouds so light and filling . The perfect combo of a red sauce and a white sauce . The fried calamari is like no other melts in your mouth . The garlic knots are hug for your insides . The fresh mozzarella with the fresh bruschetta is a symphony all by themselves . And the dessert was a decedent ending to a fabulous meal . If the food it's self isn't enough to get your mojo a going the entertainment by Kenny Gates and his 88's was fun and soothing as we sang along and enjoyed our dinner . The whole experience was a scene out of any classic Italian movie . My words doesn't do this establishment justice , the proof is in the establishment . #bellisimoThe tomato pie is out of this world!  (Sorry Santuccis! :) 
Seriously though, savory, doughy crust baked just to the perfection of crispness , with vibrant, bright tomato sauce.  Get the broccoli rabe! Comes sauteed with olive oil and a hit of lemon.   
We always get delivery, and have never had to endure the crazy waits I have read about.   
So glad to have this in my neighborhood!Seriously the BEST calamari and pizza in south philly.Called 2 hours in advance for a delivery and it was an hour late. Food was ice cold when I got it. They didn't offer to refund my order and acted like they never did timed deliveries before. Just admit that you screwed up and do right by your customers--that's how you keep people coming back. Won't be ordering from them again.I stopped here for lunch and got the chicken Italian with the broccoli rabe and sharp provolone and it was seriously delicious. The employees were super nice and the service was quick!I think Franco Luigi is among my favorite pizza in the whole world...their white pizza with swirls of ricotta, broccoli and/or spinach, and mushrooms is the BEST!  And their crust is so good.  Mmm...As far as (South) Philadelphia Pizza is concerned, this is hands down my top choice as far as taste, consistency, price, and overall quality are concerned.  Whether it's their standard classic cheese pie or the buffalo chicken pizza with ranch dressing (FAVE), we always leave here satisfied.  The staff are friendly and there's always a quick turn around.  ALSO! If you're ever in the mood to make your own pizza, they're happy to sell you some fresh dough for less than $3. Bargain! Screw "Slice"--Francoluigi's is as good as it gets!Dining area was so nice. great service. Food is delicious and not too expensive. Loved the jazz pianoExcellent pizza. They have a tomato pie on their menu that is vegan friendly. Great idea if you want some quality pizzaTruly a Passyunk gem!! Live music, great food, friendly staff. I couldn't ask for more! This is one of my favorite restaurants and I love that they have options between the 'high note cafe" and the carry out/pizzeria area so it is easy to get served for a quick bite if you are pressed for time.Rally good pizza, the mamas homestyle is awesome. All of their food is good, service/delivery is average at best.I'll have you know, this is the BEST pizza shop in Philadelphia. The staff here are great and super friendly as well respectful. They are quick and surely reliable. Easily my number one go-to for pizza.Love the pizza.  Come by to pick up a slice all the time.  I've never been to the restaurant side of the business, but the pizza menu is amazing and I love the takeout menu.  
When calling in for a pizza the there usually is quite a wait.  Usually around 30 minutes.  I think this is usually because there very busy.
Service is great.  Live around the corner so I bullshit with the staff anytime I'm in.   At one point I hadn't gone in like a month while trying to save money and the owner had asked me "where i've been".
The sicilian pizza and tomato pies are among my favorite.  I'll order a  pie and before a shift and my coworkers love it.  They're specialty pizza's are excellent as well.I've been ordering pick-up and delivery quite frequently from here for about a year and a half and I'm never disappointed.  Don't be discouraged by the long delivery times- there's a reason they're in such high demand and that's cause I have yet to find a better pizza in South Philly (with the exception of Lorenzo's, but they don't deliver).
The pizza is just so wonderful and the pepperoni they use is the real authentic spicy stuff, cut fresh.  I've had some other menu items from here- the cheesesteaks, meatball subs, salads, etc.  And they're all equally as satisfying and tasty.  Note:  don't order a cheesesteak for delivery cause the cheesy goodness will probably soak through the bun by the time you get it- just pick it up.  
Never dined in here, but would love to try some of their pasta dishes some time.  Also, Sundays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays they have a great deal of 2 medium pizzas for $15.Not a bad thing to be said about this neighborhood gem. We made a reservation early on Saturday night and didn't need it (for 5pm) but just wanted to have it in case it was busy.
The roasted beet salad was amazing, and definitely shareable sized. I then had linguine in a red sauce with lots of seafood... AMAZING. My husband had a chicken dish with artichokes and lots of other good stuff. Food was soooo good. The portions are huge, I took some home and had it for lunch the next day.
Will definitely be back there again when I'm in the area!!This pizza is our go to in South Philadelphia. Always hot, always fresh, always delicious. Great Variety on the menu.Enjoyed my lunch - ordered veal parm and gnocchi with broccoli rabe. Ambiance was pleasant and the restaurant was comfortable without being pretentious - service was attentive and mostly accurate. Parm was crispy, good amount of cheese, and solid marinara sauce. Spaghetti accompanying it was also positive though a little bit oversauced (it's flavorful so why so much?) Gnocchi another story - powdery in the middle and hey, it's difficult to make I understand, but not something I would likely order again. Would like to try their pizza!