The Bourse Food Hall is now open, and if you've taken a walk through the establishment, you might find it a little bit underwhelming. While you'll find an array of international flavors, Freebyrd offers more at-home American-style fried chicken - which they claim is "damn good." Alas, I  beg to differ with that assessment, as the chicken sandwich I received at Freebyrd could only be described as bland. I ordered the classic Freebyrd, which is basically brined fried chicken with pickles on a soft roll, with some sort of sauce that they call "Alabama White BBQ Sauce" but didn't seem to have any flavor beyond standard mayonnaise. 
The chicken itself was pretty underwhelming, and had very little flavor. I expected at least some seasonings, or maybe even a nice salty flavor from the brine. The only thing going for it was that the chicken was juicy... nobody likes dry chicken. The pickles were all right, but nothing to rave about.
Had high hopes for Freebyrd, but alas, left disappointed. Would have tried their curly fries, but they had a handwritten sign up that they ran out. Oh well. I think I'll have to go to East Falls for my fried chicken fix, because I won't find it here at the Bourse.Watch out! When paying with a card, tip is automatically added to your bill. You need to opt out when paying. Beware!After a quick loop around the newly opened Bourse Food hall my boyfriend and I settled on Freebyrd Chicken for our first trip. The actual food hall is a bit underwhelming and laughable to compare it to the Chelsea Food Market. 
I ordered the Chick-in-a-Box which comprised of about 6 chicken tenders, 2 sauces and coleslaw. The chicken was tender and cooked well and the sauces were pretty tasty. The coleslaw was pretty much a sample size, the same container as the sauces. I don't eat coleslaw but I made my boyfriend try it and he said "coleslaw is ok, I don't think it's homemade" so that's that. He ordered the Freebyrd Chicken Sandwich and had no complaints.
For $10+ for chicken tenders similar to Popeyes (and I mean no disservice here, Popeyes is great) they could at least have thrown in some kind of side, maybe a biscuit? The best deal here is that a 16 oz beer is only $3 especially since a 12 oz diet coke is $2.50. 
The seating area was also pretty dirty, there were six (yes I counted) employees behind the counter but yet for the 45 minutes we sat around eating it wasn't until the very end before I saw someone wipe down a table. For this place, and the entire food court, to be successful they need to keep this place clean. Having recently been to both the Chelsea Market in New York and the Timeout Market in Lisbon, there is a lot to improve here. For starters, keep the tables of your food stand tidy.
Will I be back? Probably not anytime soon, there are a lot of stands at the food court and I wasn't overly impressed by this one.I love some good fried chicken. This is top of the list. The sandwich is my favorite. I've had a few of them and loved them all. But start with the Freebyrd sandwich. Great sandwich, pickles, and sauce! 
Also I've had the loaded fries, whatever they are called. Lots of amazing stuff, on top of fries. I haven't found anything I don't love yet. Can't wait to go back.I thought that I had found my go to chicken spot in Philly quite quickly. That was until I discovered the heaven that is Freebyrd on a trip to The Bourse. 
The staff was super nice. The food is delicious (their fried chicken was quite amazing - and I imagine it is in every way that they use it there). They have mules on tap. Really, it's just a solid experience. So much so that when other fried chicken aficionados are in town, it will be a go to must. 
If you haven't tried Freebyrd, you are definitely missing out. If you want this type of food and are with a friend or loved one who wants something different too, no need to worry. There are plenty of other options in The Bourse too so everyone can get the fix that they are craving. For me though, that's going to be Freebyrd.Got the chicken in a box with fries. The chicken was the perfect tenderness with a great side of fries to come with it. The two signature sauces were definitely above par for the price. The price point for amount of food was decent and finally they had an awesome cocktail to back it up. The rest of the menu is very delicious looking and I plan on coming backSuch a great sandwich!! The Alabama white sauce is AMAZING and their homemade pickles are the best! It's a great place to stop by when you're touring around the museums by the independence hall!Nothing to write home about. Lame service and bland food. Sorry free Byrd but y'all not good for southern foodiesI know there is a lot of hype right now surrounding a fast food chicken sandwich that shall remain nameless. But people shouldn't sleep on the Freebyrd chicken sandwich. It's a perfectly cooked and crispy piece of chicken covered in a delectable sauce on top of a soft bun. It's on another, higher, level from the fast food chicken sandwiches or the chicken sandwiches at a popular donut spot in Philly that will also remain nameless. Any conversation about the best chicken sandwich has to start with a mention of Freebyrd Chicken.I got my introduction to Freebyrd at the Yelp Bourse Event and it was easily one of the most popular sandwiches of the night. That night they were served to us in slider form and between my mother and I we must have eaten at least four apiece.
Ordering off the menu this time I found the Freebyrd chicken comes in many different styles but we stuck with the original. I was a bit shocked at the 9.99 price tag. The sandwich was significantly bigger than the slider and was still as good as I remembered but I kept comparing it to Chick-fil-A as far as price points go because lets face it Chick-fil-A is the king of chicken sandwiches.
With that said I still highly recommend Freebyrd. They have good menu and if you check in on Yelp you can get 15% off.The chicken sandwich with the Alabama white BBQ sauce is the REAL #1 chicken sandwich in America.  Popeyes doesn't even come remotely close to the Freebyrd chicken sandwich.  The white sauce just elevates it to another level and they give you lots of homemade, thickly cut fresh pickles that are the non-sour type.  Perfect.  Even better than Redcrest, another Philly local chicken sandwich spot which is also very good.  Philly clearly has any type of sandwich on lock, no other city comes close.One of the best fried chicken sandwiches you can find, eat your heart out chick-a-filet.
Is there such a thing as a gourmet fried chicken sandwich?  Yes, yes there is.  Freebyrd takes a very simple concept and elevates it to the next level.  If you are tired of reprocessed chicken protein haphazardly tossed between uninspiring bread with no flavor the you will be blown away by the Freebyrd Chicken sandwich.  The Mayo aoli and pickle packs the right amount of tangy goodness to cut though the grease and really gives this sandwich a freshness that you wouldn't expect.  Definitely make this a stop if you are in the Bourse.I really enjoyed my sandwich which was the original one.  We got there as everywhere else closed and I'm glad because we ended up here and my sandwich was delicious.  We asked for a little more of the white bbq sauce and it made the sandwich even better. We will def be going back!This place is SO good! I've gone two days in a row now and got the Little Chicks with a sweet tea. Every ingredient is tasty on its own - the chicken is juicy and so flavorful, the bread is fresh, the pickles are definitely homemade and so good! And the Alabama white BBQ sauce I could take a spoon to. Also, the staff was so nice!! I'll definitely be coming back and can't wait to bring friends/family who visit.Absolutely DELICIOUS sandwiches prepared by the most friendly staff!! (Say hi to Justin!!!)Tried out delivery through Caviar tonight and I have to say it was not a great first impression. I got an order of chicken tenders and the Moonshine Chicken Sandwich. The tenders were small and soggy. I expected more for $10.99 
The sandwich, while a good portion of chicken, was drenched in sauce and falling apart by the time I unpacked it. The coleslaw and pickles were lacking in the flavor department and the bacon was as limp
as the roll. Toasting the roll and putting it in a box instead of foil might help things a bit. From what I received I can only have the opinion that the person building the sandwich took little care in doing so.
The Sauces that came with the tenders and on the sandwich were ok and are pretty much the only reason I am giving this two stars and not one.
Perhaps the in store experience is better, but save your money on delivery.To be fair, the chicken is ridiculously moist, crispy and delicious. We went on a Sunday, well after lunch rush, and waited about 15 minutes for our order. I get that though, because frying fresh chicken to order takes time. My son's sandwich looked incredible, but my wife and I are on a keto diet, so were pressing our carb limit with breaded chix from the get-go. We figured sharing a box of tenders with Cole slaw might be filling enough that sampling a kebab or something elsewhere would provide a filling lunch.  Unfortunately, the box (a couple bucks more than the sammie) consisted of two pieces big enough to qualify as "tenders" and four pieces that we would generously describe as "chunks." The Cole slaw MAYBE amounted to a tablespoon. Again, the chicken was extraordinary, but if you're paying tourist prices (which one expects at the Bourse) stick with the sandwich. If you are avoiding carbs, skip the Bourse.An absolutely amazing chines sandwich. I am glad I chose to eat here. Located in The Bourse.  
The white bbq sauce with the perfect pickles and chicken, and perfect bun. Man this is good stuff. 
And the onion rings are great!Excellent food! Chicken is so tender and fresh!! We noticed it was one of the places with a longer line and we now know why! Highly recommend! The main reason I am giving it four instead of five is it's a little pricey!  $42 for two sandwiches, chicken tenders, two fries and no drinks.  I was so excited for the coleslaw which came with the tenders but it was a sauce sized container and not good at all.  My daughter said the homemade pickles were really good.In fairness, I only ate here once.  But pretty much imagine Chic-Fil-A with double the cost.   I got the "Freebyrd" which costs about $10 after tax and comes with no sides.  For less than that you could get virtually the same sandwich with fries and a soda at Chic-Fil-A.  In a blind taste test you would probably guess this sandwich was from Chic-Fil-A with a new sauce.
I guess if your tour group is coming through here, its not a bad place to try.  But really no reason for locals to go out of their way to try this.
You do get 10% off your order with Yelp check in.Ordered food to go.
Chicken strips were alright, juicy and fresh tasting, however no seasoning. BBQ sauces (white and red) were nothing special.
Ordered a salad, it was small, and even worse did not have the blue cheese dressing requested!
Overall, it was alright but for the prices (10.00 + each) they could do better.This was a pretty good chicken sandwich. It's pricey for a combo; almost 19 bucks for a sandwich, fries, and a coke.Loved loved loved. The onion rings and all the sandwiches are great! Only complaint, the spicy isn't available as fried. We requested it and they did try, but there was no spice...The original Freebyrd chicken sandwich is perfection. My gf said the tenders were amazing and they definitely looked it. If you go to The Bourse, don't miss this amazing chicken stand.Not that great of a chicken sandwich and the girl with the glasses cashiering seem  a bit challenging cause she  just looked at me for seconds and never said hello until I didWas an enormous fan of the Bourse in totality, but Freebyrd is a huge part of the reason why. We popped in shortly after the Oktoberfest ended, so there was a bit of an exhausted, glazed over look among many of the employees at the different venues - they had been mobbed and suddenly were wrapping up or shutting down. Freebyrd was such an exception in terms of the energy and friendly enthusiasm of the team that my GF and I immediately cut our walk around looking at all the options short and ordered. And man, were we glad we did - what a fabulous meal! My beautiful GF ordered the Little Chicks and enjoyed them a great deal, a perfect small meal. I took the recommendation from the amazing Bianca beyond the counter and went with the Freebyrd Chicken Sandwich and a side of fried pickles. We also split a side of onion rings, and while they were preparing our stuff I checked out the beer options. They had a cool German beer I had enjoyed before called Dab, but I said couldn't order one unless Bianca would take a pic with me dabbing. Done and done, beer was great. With all the chicken sandwich news recently, this hit the spot. Loved the alabama white BBQ sauce and the pickles. Delicious and perfect - and impressive sandwich. Sides were yummy, price was right. We'll be back for more laughs with Bianca and the rest of the team - thanks for an amazing meal and a great time. Highest possible recommendation if you are in the mood for some kickin fried chicken. Yum!Wouldn't provide tap water with the meal, very disappointed. Minor detail, but just the basic lack of hospitality is sadSad excuse for chicken.  Had the hot style chicken which was so terrible.   I honestly feel like the chicken comes from a can.   There's no texture,  the bread was soggy,  but worst of all... no heat whatsoever.   We threw the uneaten portion out,  not even worth the effort to get a refund.  To summarize... it's like seeing a bag of now and laters, only to discover they're all banana flavored.So I am very upset! I just went to Freebyrd, having ordered it via Ritual. I got the 6 wings with Alabama sauce with coleslaw.   When I got the food back to my desk, I was horrified to learn that there wasn't ANY Alabama white sauce and the wings looked....light (ashy).  I tried the coleslaw first and there was a smell that makes me think that the slaw was actually spoiled! 
I am so disappointed that I couldn't take this food back and raise hell because what I DO NOT LIKE is SPENDING MONEY ON FOOD AND BEING THIS DISSATISFIED!Super pricey. $10 for 5 thin chx strips and a thimble of cole slaw.   Once was enoughCame here on a whim as my friend and I were looking for a new place for lunch. We were outside and happened across the Bourse, go we gave it a go as my friend said she heard that the chicken sandwich place was decent.
And decent it was but even better! Freebyrd Chicken has some mighty good tasting chicken sandwiches. They were nice and crispy, and they have about a half-dozen options to try. I went for an original, and my friend had what was almost a plain - mayo and lettuce sans tomato. They both had way too much sauce which made the sandwiches very messy, but quite fun to eat.
We also shared some seasoned curly fries which were crunchy enough and not overdone with the seasoning.  Also had some fried pickles. They were too thin not great pickles in too much batter and almost bland. The dipping white BBQ sauce was good, though.
BONUS - 15% off for a Yelp check-in!
My friend and I decided at the last second to stay and eat at one of their hi-top tables, and therefore needed drinks. The staff was nice enough to give us the 15% discount on the "new" order.
Wish I took a picture of this great chicken sandwich for ya'll. 
About $40 for the two sandwiches, fries, pickles, and two drinks.the pictures are totally scam! the fried chicken photos in fact are dry tasteless grilled chicken breastWe were in The Bourse the other night, and while there aren't as many options in the later hours, I was still interested in the options. Freebyrd looked like it had potential and I was in the mood for a chicken sandwich from what I saw.
     Maybe it was the time of night, but the sandwich didn't really do it. The upside was it was ready quickly. I also think it was indicative of what I was getting... A piece of chicken that had been cooked and was sitting to keep warm. It had a very crunchy coating that was a bit bland. The roll seemed to be buttered, but was so toasted that I was trying to figure out if it was stale since it broke apart while trying to eat it. Again, maybe it was since we were towards the end of the day, but for a $9.99 sandwich, this was very disappointing.Today we were really looking forward to trying the Reading Terminal Market but were disappointed to find it is closed Sundays and holidays (tomorrow is Labor Day and out last day in town...). 
Because we had our heart set on a food hall to do some sampling we looked up others in the area and found Brouse. Yelp hours said it was open, and I suppose it was, but we walked in and it wasn't looking good. Literally EVERY food stall was shuttered. In the furthest corner there was ONE restaurant open. It was unfortunate, but we had just put money on the parking meter so we went for it. 
We wish we would have had a few more options to chose from, but Freebyrd didn't disappoint. It's basically my rule that if I'm going to get a chicken sandwich and the chicken establishment makes a Nashville hot chicken, I'm going for it. I had the original in Nashville once, loved it so much, I always want to give it a try when I try new places. This Nashville hot had an interesting spin on it as it was pulled chicken. It wasn't my favorite, but it wasn't bad either. My wife got the freebyrd sandwich and she really enjoyed it. The sandwich was piping hot and moist. Though neither one of us knew what Alabama white BBQ sauce was, it tasted great! No complaints. 
Service was a bit slow, but there was only one person working and there was a small line so it wasn't enough to knock a star off or anything.Wish there were more of this place. Best chicken sandwich in town. Chicken is juicy and tender.  Pickles are incredible. Sautés all good. If you like onion rings you need to try these.The chicken tenders are incredible, and being honest, the white BBQ sauce is one of the best sauces I've ever tasted. I will eat from here so many more times now that I've found it.The chickens sandwich was delicious. I was not a huge fan of their take on the Alabama white sauce. The chicken was very tender with a tasty breading. Loved the pickles!I got the Carolina Sandwich and the fried pickles. Both were lacking in flavor. My chicken was soggy and the pickles were mostly breading with only a tiny bit of actual pickle.I love me some curly fries and they surely give you enough, this is an entire meal unless shared with someone. All of the toppings were evenly proportioned though I would've loved more onions, that's just me lol.Meh. Too spicy for my liking. Tasted like a really spicy Popeyes chicken sandwich at double the price. 
The fried pickles were the best thing there and even they were too spicy. Not a big selection.Food is amazing, but the customer service is absolutely terrible. The cashier was literally on her phone while taking my order, talking to her friends on the side while every single table was dirty, she was even eating in between taking guests orders. I'm hesitant to go back because of the crap service, but the food is honestly delicious. I wish something would be done about the service.An absolutely amazing chicken sandwich. I am glad I chose to eat here. Located in The Bourse.  
The white bbq sauce with the perfect pickles and chicken, and perfect bun. Man this is good stuff. 
And the onion rings areGreat fried chicken at The Bourse!
I don't know what the other vendors are like at The Bourse, but if you have to choose one to eat from, you cannot go wrong with Freebyrd Chicken!
Recently, my wife, my son and I visited The Bourse on Independence Day weekend and, to our disappointment, almost every vendor was closed ... on Independence Day weekend?! In Philadelphia?! We were quite shocked that nothing was open here considering it was a holiday weekend in the city where the nation was born. However, in came Freebyrd Chicken to the rescue! And, thankfully, they did because not only were they the only vendor that was operating, but their food was damn good too!
Their menu wasn't very long, but my wife and I ordered The Freebyrd Chicken Sandwich and Chick-in-a-Box. The Freebyrd Chicken Sandwich was described as a buttermilk brined fried chicken, Alabama white BBQ sauce, homemade pickles on a soft roll. The Chick-in-a-Box consisted of buttermilk brined fried chicken strips, coleslaw, Alabama white bbq and Appalachian moonshine bbq sauces.
Food ..... absolutely blew us away. Just as shocked as we were that no vendor was operating at The Bourse, we were just as stunned at how delicious the fried chicken was. The Freebyrd Chicken Sandwich with the Alabama white BBQ sauce was, as Guy Fieri would say, out of bounds! The chicken was perfectly fried and really thick. The sandwich was a mess, but a delicious mess at that.
As for the Chick-in-a-Box, the strips were huge. I was so stuffed after eating as much of the strips as I could, but they were all extremely tasty. The only knock is that we wished that there was more of the Alabama white bbq and Appalachian moonshine bbq sauces for dipping. The fried chicken was excellent, but the sauces put them over the top.
Like I said, thank goodness that Freebyrd Chicken was open to save our dinner plans on Independence Day weekend. With no other vendors open at The Bourse and the rest of the area around Independence Hall pretty silent, we were truly glad that we ate at Freebyrd and, honestly, have no regrets about eating at The Bourse.OMG!
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G-L-Y TASTY!
Prob one of the best places to grab buttermilk chicken sandwiches. 
Ive stopped down here last summer with my daughter, her friend, my niece and my boyfriend and this spot was a good choice that we all loved! We ended up sharing a few chicken sandwich slider meals and grabbed some fries and sodas. The prices weren't too bad since the food was amazing! 
This recent visit, me and my boyfriend ordered some delivery since we were having a quarantine movie weekend. We both wanted some fried chicken so we chose this spot. We ended up getting the regular buttermilk chicken sandwich which came with some special sauce on top- it was sooooo good! 
The chicken was cooked perfectly and was a nice size chicken breast.
We also got the Appalachian chicken sandwich that had moonshine bbq sauce and bacon on top! Wow it was a great choice! We also ordered the curly fries which came hot and tasted so good, it was a nice size too because we were able to share them. 
I also ordered a side of cole slaw- but didn't like it cause it tasted to much like vinegar... and I cant seem to find a place that actually serves good cole slaw. But overall I would order from here again because the food was amazing!How does this place only get 3.5 stars on Yelp!  We stopped by The Bourse and decided to grab lunch.  If I can restore pictures from my sim card, I'll post.  My wife and I split a Freebyrd chicken sandwich, fries and the super tasty fried pickle chips. The chicken was moist and the Alabama white sauce tasty.  The pickle chips had a little heat and were great with both the ketchup and white sauce.  I'd give 4.5 stars if I could ... but with a 3.5 star overall rating, Freebyrd deserves a full 5 to bring the average up!If you haven't stopped by the Bourse yet in Philadelphia be sure to get their and stop by Freebyrd Chicken! Super friendly service and delicious chicken sandwiches. Good deal on the 2 sliders, side, and a drink. Make sure you try the White Alabama BBQ sauce! You will NOT be disappointed. Cheers!During the last old city fest, we stumbled upon freebyrd because they had a stall. We then went to their store at South Independence mall. Their food is a little pricey but still good. We ordered the freebyrd chicken sandwich and the good behavior bowl (which we took home). The food easily became soggy so we suggest eating it right away. This is a great place if you are a tourist and exploring the nearby American Jewish museum and the independence mall. There's a lot of tables to sit in their area and a clean restroom nearby. I would say the food is average and the sauce is just what makes the food different or unique.Some of the best chicken sandwiches you'll find. Fresh and tasty!! Ordering was also very easy right through Yelp. Food was ready in time and securely wrapped up. The staff is always very pleasant and helpful too!!Ordered through DoorDash. The food was terrible. The Carolina sandwich was soggy and tasted nothing but salt. The seasoned fries would've been fine except they were cold and the chicken in a box is just 4 extremely dry, seasonless tenders with dipping sauce and nasty cole slaw. Most definitely will not be back.While at the Bourse..checking out other stands..I decided to give Freebyrd a try!
I have heard good things & I needed dinner..so let's go!
I got the dry rub wings and I was glad I did..perfectly crispy and seasoned so well!  I am glad I got the order of 12 v. 6 ..I have a few left over for lunch tomorrow (if I don't finish them off for a late night snack..Lol)!
I will definitely make it my business to get back to Freebyrd to try other items on the menu!!When visiting Philly was looking for a quick easy lunch for the family. This place looked like it was worth a try. Food was great and service EXCELLENT. Definitely worth a visit if u are in the independence hall areaWe have eaten at FreeByrd many of times.  It's actually one of my favorite spots to go to for a great chicken sandwich here in Philly.
I got the Freebyrd Sandwich Alabama White BBQ and as per usual the sandwich was filled with the usual crunchy yet juicy chicken.  Deliciously seasoned chicken that just can't be denied.  The addition of the pickles gives it that bit of extra saltiness.  The BBQ sauce is not required, but a great addition that gives it a little bit of kick.  As far as the portion of bread to chicken...if I had to choose, I'd always have more chicken then bread (hence, a "chicken sandwich").  I still thought this sandwich to have a good portion of bread to chicken ratio.  This sandwich is a must try.
My girlfriend got the Nash-Vegas Honey Hot Chicken Sandwich.  We thought it needed more chicken for sure.  But, still the sandwich is exceptional especially given the fact that it is a grilled chicken sandwich.
@breeeeezy_sbdGET THE CURLY FRIES! Everything there was delicious, but all i can think about is their curly fries. They're made fresh so it takes a few more minutes to prepare, but it's so worth it. It comes out crispy and not oily at all!! The cashier was also super friendly, he was super patient while we picked sauces for our chicken. 
We also tried the wings and the boneless chicken, all superb! Fried chicken is my favorite food and this place definitely fulfilled my craving for it!!I've gone here a couple of times for lunch since the Bourse opened and I have been very happy with Freebyrd Chicken. They offer several types of fried chicken sandwiches, but both times I ordered The Freebyrd Chicken Sandwich which comes with white bbq sauce and pickles. This sandwich was absolutely delicious both times, and I plan to try their other sandwiches next time I go. I would say the quality of this sandwich is comparable to Federal Donuts, which I love. I also ordered the curly fries which are perfectly crunchy and I would highly recommend them! They also offer a beer selection, but there is also a bar inside of the Bourse. Although Freebyrd is kind of pricey and came out to be about $14 for the sandwich and curly fries, I think it is worth it. I will be back!Not bad. I first tried Freebyrd during a private event the chicken was BANGING, but all they had to sample was the sandwich. Today was my first full meal with them. I'm training for the Broad Street Run and wanted to keep it healthy so I ordered the salad option. The server convinced me to try their Sweet Hot sauce, which by name I would never ever try. Just give me regular hot sauce, please. Well, I'm glad I took his word for it. That sauce took the chicken up a notch to delicious proportions. I only wish I had more chicken in my salad to appreciate it with. And by "salad", I mean shredded lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumbers--we're not getting gourmet here, but it was satisfying and didn't weigh me down. I can't wait to return for a true chicken sandwich with Sweet Hot Sauce. Now, if only they could add a little more sweetener to the "sweet" tea.....Chicken was excellent. Everyone likes their meal. Fried pickles were wonderful as well. Highly recommendedI had the tenders and they weren't my favorite chicken ever, but it was good. I enjoyed the breading. 
The employees were nice and service speed was okay.Wow ! These guys really do have some great tasting Chicken sandwiches. The sauce is Amazing as well. 
Freebyrd Chicken is located in the new food court in The Bourse building at 4th and Market. They have a lot of good spots but this is one of my favorites.