a great concept that could EASILY be improved.  The Thai chicken peanut sauce wrap was tasty, but a bit dry...the muesli rocked though!
I got a HUGE wrap and a bowl of muesli for $10, not sure why people are saying this place is expensive...I've come here a couple times for lunch, primarily because my gym handed out coupons. Very clean and "fresh" inside. Gets pretty busy over lunch but I always order ahead online. I really like that they have a calorie counter online so you know exactly what you're eating. The salads are large with fresh ingredients. You can choose how much dressing you want; I always select "regular" but it's still a little light. I guess that's better than too much. The burritos are massive and weighed about 5 lbs. They used whole wheat wraps and brown rice. My one complaint is that they don't have sour cream, which I feel is essential for a burrito. Pricing is fair. Overall can't really go wrong here for lunch.Solid lunch spot that offers fresh ingredients - and tells you the caloric values of what you're eating (always nice to see).
I somewhat regularly get the buffalo chicken wrap (sans dressing) and am always pleased with it. The place isn't the cheapest, but then they aren't serving you greasy, processed food either.
Definitely worth a try if you're stuck in a boring lunch routine and looking for an additional healthy option.I got to La Colombe almost everyday and always wondered about this place next door. I finally went in today, somewhat skeptical. For some reason, the place always looked kinda fake and plastic from the outside, no idea why. it's missing something. 
Anyhoo, I ordered the mushroom, spinach, red bell pepper and goat cheese breakfast wrap. I din't know it was a wrap, I thought it would be between breads [I hate wraps], but this was surprisingly good. I tasted honey in there somewhere, I guess they are using some kind of vinaigrette, and Im not going to lie, everything did taste pretty damn fresh. I just wish there were more mushrooms and less cheese. For $3 something, It was the perfect breakfast portion for me, but not sure if it would be if you were a big guy. Everything else seemed pretty interesting, I would have to go back for some kind of spicy noodle they have. Pretty helpful they have the calories listed, something I think more places should practice. 
I wish the employees were a little bit more nicer and attentive, but oh well, I guess it was 10am and no one wants to work at 10am.I used to love Freshii, but it's not as good since they changed the menu.  The spicy lemongrass soup was bland and I didn't get half as many vegetables as I used to.  I also do not like the new noodles they are using. This used to be my go to place for soup on rainy days, but I think I'll go elsewhere now.Very bad experience. Dried and not fresh food and small portions. I think they don't follow the menu and just put the ingredients they have at the moment. Very poor service.i've been here twice. i really want to like this place. it's one block from my office and it has the potential to be healthy...
but the food is simply not good.  i can't pin point what about it isn't very good but it just totally misses the mark.  the veggies aren't that fresh, there isn't a great selection of interesting veggies, the salad dressings aren't that good....
it's just not good....and i'm very disappointed.First time at Freshii today and I loved it! A bit crowded but this place is exactly what I'm looking for when it comes to a nice, healthy, and light lunch.ordered the chicken teriyaki bowl. ingredients were very fresh and filling for lunch. however, service was poor and it took awhile to even get our order. 
very clean location and plenty of seatingFreshii is great. You can pick whatever you want. You can make it healthy or add more cheese...whatever you are in the mood for. You are in control. Its silly in the reviews where people say its not healthy. Its whatever you make it to be. You are in charge of what you eat, but at least Freshii gives you the options to make it a completely healthy meal. You can make it a salad or brown rice with just veggies. Sometimes I do that or sometimes I do goat cheese smothered noodles-whatever I feel like. You are also in control of the price. It can be $6 or you can upgrad and make it $8 or $9. Ive never had to spend more than that, though. Its always yummy and only once did I have to ask for more dressing and they easiliy gave it to me. They are very sweet and its always good. If you go at noon its busy, but if you wait a little its less crowded. I love it there.City Hall, Downtown Philly, PA
Eating healthy fresh food. Close to city hall made it an awesome option for curbing your diet. Their unusual food style combinations kind of made it stand out to me.To the person who called the staff "lovely," I hope you're joking.  The people who work at this location are notoriously and consistently some of the rudest people I've ever encountered.  Add hugely inconsistent food preparation, portion sizes, and quality to the mix, at a whopping $9 for a salad, you're better off going elsewhere.
When Freshii first opened, I was there almost every day.  Initially, it was fantastic.  The service was great and the food well prepared.  Very gradually, the service got worse and worse, ruder and ruder, and something was always wrong.  The food got more and more inconsistent.  I once ordered balsamic vinaigrette with my salad and it was as thick as mayonnaise.  I would find all kind of bits of other toppings mixed in with whatever I ordered.  I would order a wrap and it would be the size of my head on Monday, and the size of my fist on Tuesday.  This also started making me concerned about the amount of calories I was consuming, as the calorie counts on Freshii's website and menu seemed WAY too low for the amount of food I was often getting.
So I gave Freshii a break for 6 months.  Today, I went back.  And the beautiful, pristine, festively organized restaurant I once new now looks dirty, drab, and empty.  They no longer have the little order cards for you to write down what you want; they instead have a very sloppy printed list of ingredients laminated and stuck to the counter.  When I ordered, the girl behind the counter was so rude to me that the other employee actually apologized for her rudeness.  My salad was decent, but the formerly "fresh" mushrooms were so soft they were nearly gelatinous.  In fact, nothing really looked that fresh, including the day-old cookies they had wrapped in plastic and haphazardly thrown in the display case.  Also, the olive oil I ordered to go with it was poured from a giant 2-gallon bargain vat.  Oh yeah...and my meal was $10 with a bottle of water.  I didn't even get any meat.
I WANT this place to be great again.  I plan to email the people at Freshii to plead for their help in turning this location around.  There are so few places downtown to get quick, healthy, simple food.  But until someone steps in to wipe out the current staff/management and return Freshii to its original glory, I won't be back.Actually 3.5 stars, but giving them the benefit of the doubt since they opened recently and hopefully they'll get their act together soon.  I work across the street and am frustrated at the limited number of heathly options in the area, so I was happy when they opened.  I like this place and really want it to do well, but have had missed experiences here.
First off is the ordering process.  The form that you need to fill out to order is confusing (especially for someone like me who generally has some modifications), but you can just go to ordering counter and tell them what you want.  
The staff is very friendly, but a few of them are more confused than the customers and there have been a couple ocassions where I was given the wrong order.  Even though I've usually had quick service, I have to agree with the other review who commented how many staff stand around and do nothing.
As far as their breakfast menu, I've had their organic oatmeal (2 toppings are included) and their muesli, both are really good.  For lunch, I like all of the wraps I've tried so far, but the vegan wrap is my favorite so far.  Their spicy lemongrass soup is fabulous!  
They are on the pricey side, but I think you pay for what you get.  Also, there are a few ways you can save money:  1-buy breakfast and bring your receipt for lunch that day for a 20% discount on your entire bill 2-go in after 3 and get all menu items half price (sign says only a few items, but it's any) 3-get a stamp for each visit which gets you a free menu item.I'll start by saying that this place had such potential....I just moved from New York and as a typical spoiled and pretentious inhabitant, I had grown accustomed to the many healthy and tasty lunch options. Since moving to Philly I was so happy to have finally found a relatively tasty and relatively healthy lunch option a block from the office. 
I've actually eaten here a few times. The collard green wrap is so ingenious! But unfortunately, they haven't had them in stock for weeks now....
I've tried the 'lemongrass' soup. Please folks, take your expectations WAAAAY down. This is not your typical thai rendition. It's sort of like drinking hot and sour sauce with rice noodles. 
Honestly, the only reason they had my business was because of the lack of healthy options in the area and it's literally right outside of my office. They probably would have continued to have my business until they broke the last straw. 
1. The staff is utterly and completely unpleasant to interact with. They are sarcastic and look as if they'd rather be having a route canal, serving gruel or scooping boiled carrot plates in a preschool cafeteria. They are extremely slow too and just have the WORST attitudes. 
2. I ordered a simple salad with field greens....and upon returning to my desk was met with RANCID GREENS. They were not only wilted, but they were slimy and disgusting. There were so many wilted greens that I couldn't pick them out. I had to throw the entire salad in the trash...Also I had NO salad dressing provided with my order...Apparently, 'Freshii" thinks that slimy undressed greens should cost $14.
"Freshii" clearly isn't fresh and they've lost my business completely.I've been to Freshii several times for lunch since it opened. Results have been a mixed bag. The burritos seem to be the most consistent menu item so far-- no complaints on taste but there are some messiness issues during eating. The bowls are also good, except they aren't actually served in a bowl-- they are served in a deep takeaway container which makes it hard to mix and to eat. 
Worst Freshii experience was ordering a salad with a "light" cucumber dressing. I actually threw most of it away-- whatever was in the dressing made the romaine too soggy to eat. 
It can be a bit of a wait to get your order, but not more that what I would expect for a busy place that makes your food right in front of you.I thought the premise of Freshii was fantastic, but the food options are lacking.  I went to their website to view the Philly menu and they had a number of  different items I wanted to try.  Sadly, when I arrived there, they had a very limited menu.  I had a choice of only a few salads and wraps versus the number they had listed on their menu.  Since they did not have my first 2 choices, so I ordered the BBQ Chicken Wrap without cheese and the dressing.  Wanted to switch the dressing but they did not have any low fat options. It was my first visit and my last.This was the phattest burrito I've ever had and probably will be for some time. I don't even eat burritos, but I was feeling adventurous. If this Signature burrito wasn't so phat I'd be giving this place 2 stars. I'm really turned off by 2 things...
1. Happy hour (half off everything is from 3-5... or something) I get there at 5:30 and this is my first time there. I should've left then. Strike 1.
2. The drink prices are robbery. $2.20 for a Golden Peak iced tea. Really? I read in an earlier review that bottled water was $2.00. I would've been ghost on that strength, but it was a dollar for me. I ran with the water. Strike 2. They need more options. Get some aloe pomegranate! It's 2011!
Freshii doesn't get a strike 3 yet, because the burrito was HUSKY and had an interesting taste (read: sweet and cheesy). I couldn't even eat it all. And while I like this location, I probably won't be back unless I try a soup. I should've tried the soup.Bland food. Bad service.
They have every incentive to get you to come back (punch cards, raffles, etc.) except food that you actually want to eat. No wonder the place is dead at prime lunch hours.
I suspect that they're secretly trying to get on Kitchen Nightmares.It was awesome when it first opened, but now hte quality is going down a bit.  Lately they forget an ingredient or put really little of an ingredient in an order.  Im not sure if they have become too busy now....The only positive is the price / volume ratio, if you skip protein.  Other than that, the veggies are dry and wilted, the dish is DRENCHED in sauce, the rice is over cooked to the texture of oat meal and the chicken is dry.  Add to that the completely false calorie count on the menu and its a total disaster.  There is NO way that my 2.5 lb rice bowl with chicken and syrupy sauce is 370 calories.  I would say this dish is at LEAST 1200 calories. 
Boo on you freshii, for being neither fresh nor healthy.After a few times walking by, I had a bit of time to kill before going from one job to another.  Along comes Freshii...
I walk in, and am greeted with NO greeting..a pet peeve of mine.  One peg down.  I grab a order sheet, mark off what I want in my wrap, and hand it to the guy behind the counter...  
"We don't have shredded jack & cheddar" ......  ok... hmmm..  I'll have shaved parmesan.  (The choices are blue, feta, parm, and the shredded jack/ched mixture)...
"We're out of avocado".....  ok...  I didn't sub anything for that.  
I figure that the cheese combo and avocado are pretty popular things on their menu, and was trying to figure out whether they were really out of them or just didn't want to open or cut any more.  
The wrap was good, yes.  It was huge and full of the remaining ingredients, and it made for a good meal.  
I REALLY dislike bad service.  I don't get the whole idea of not even acknowledging a person... it's just plain rude.  It made for bad start to a good meal, and because of it, I won't return.I really like this little spot. Its hard to find healthy options around center city so this place comes in handy. Their antioxidant crunch salad is one of my favs as well as the lemon grass soup. Plus from 3-5pm everything is half price for happy hour!This review is mixed.  My 1st experience was great:  I had a noodle bowl with veggies & tofu, it was great!  Expensive ($8-$9, $10 w/ tax), but worth it because the portion size was enormous.
The 2nd experience was no good.  They changed the menu, so you can't customize your order anymore.  However, I still ordered a noodle bowl, but no lemongrass sauce (its too spicy for me), i asked for teriayki instead.   My portion size was not as large as the last time I visited, and they poured the spicy lemongrass on top when that's not what i ordered.  I walked several blocks back to Freshii to exchange my meal for the exact same with teryiaki (the way I orginally ordered it), and the girl at the register apologized, and said she definatly rang in "subsitute teryiaki" -- so not her fault.  The manager, (I'm assuming) who re-made my noodle bowl acted like it was my fault, and I returned the food because I didn't like it.  Nooooo, I returned the food because it wasn't what I ordered.  He said "next time you'll know not to order the spicy sauce!"  I said "I didn't order it!  You messed up and put it on there anyway!"  and I stormed out very angry.
I am fine with people making mistakes.  We're only human.  However, I'm not fine with you blaming the customer when I ordered correctly, and the cashier girl even agreed, and then you still blame me and my taste buds.  Not cool.I walk by Freshii almost every day so I decided to try it out and I was pretty pleased. 
The options for customization are endless, but because I'm very indecisive, I decided to go with something already on the menu - chicken teriyaki bowl (which actually comes more in a chinese food container than a bowl). 
I wish I had chosen something more adventurous because it tasted just like regular chicken fried rice (though that is not bad at all!). 
The portions are big. I could eat a bowl in two sittings, not one. But most of the stuff on the menu looks very healthy. They list all of the calories in their foods right on the menu, so there is no problems deciding what is best for your diet.
The man who took my order was very polite and gave me my food with a smile. Something small, but something I appreciate when a lot of food service people treat you badly. 
I'd like to come back for breakfast and try on of their spinach & goat cheese wraps (low-calorie for that part of me that is eternally trying to reconcile my love for breakfast foods and my want to eat better).Good lunch place next to City Hall. Definitely on the expensive side, but the food is good.  I especially like the chicken warrior bowl (basically brown rice, chicken and spicy sauce) or the salmon salad.
The ordering system is a little odd. I don't entirely get the need for individual clipboards and handwritten instructions. The form is a checklist of ingredients that makes sense if you want a custom dish or salad. The lists don't have anything related to the items on the menu, so it can be confusing if you're trying to order a menu item using the form.It's been a few months since I've been to Freshii.... and theyve changed some things around...which makes me miss the "old" freshii.
You used to get to order on a sheet of paper, all with the customizable options to know what is a free add on, and what it costs to add other ingredients into a wrap or salad. They've changed the menu around a bit as well. 
I ordered the Spicy Lemongrass Soup today..and was somewhat disapointed with it. It did have a ton of flavor, but it was not what I was expecting. It reminded me more of the base of Hot & Sour soup from a Chinese Restaurant. 
I've ordered wraps and salads from here before as well, and have always enjoyed them. The portions are a generous size for the amount of calories they have. 
The seating is somewhat limited, so if you are not getting your order to go, I would recommend attempting to get there before the lunch rush hits. 
Its difficult to find healthy options in center city and the prices arent bad for location and portion!I know that it is called Chicken Noodle Soup, but really it should be more than a three chunks of chicken, some rice noodles and water. The broth should have some flavor, maybe even a vegtable or two.Not here.  I've had other options here before and have been happy with the food, but this was pathetic.I am now a huge Freshii fanatic...
Food: 4.5 stars
The food has 3 key qualities: Quality/Healthy; Quantity; Deliciousness;  If you dont believe it me, check out their menu and website.  The use of smart ingredients makes these generous meals range from 400-700 calories per meal.  You will not be disappointed, especially since you can customize everything to your liking.  I was a huge fan of Freshii after just one dining experience.
Service: 3.5 stars
Price: 4.0 stars
For healthy meals, you cant beat paying $6-7.  Keep your eye out for Freshii Group-On deals.
Location: 4.0 stars
Smack dab in the middle of Center City by City Hall (Ritz Carlton Building).
Ambiance: 3.5 stars
** Overall: 4.0 stars
I have been looking for a consistently healthy, versatile, affordable and delicious go to restaurant for lunches/dinners.  Over the past couple years in the city, I haven't found one until now.  Freshii can be whatever you make it or want it to be.  I would highly recommend checking out their menu and options online before going in so you are well informed and do not become overwhelmed.  GIVE FRESHII A TRY.  You wont be disappointed (unless all you like is fat greasy unhealthy foods-- then this might not be the spot for you)I just tried it for my first time today and was not very impressed at all.  For close to $8 I got the lemongrass soup which was followed by about 10 bottles of water due to the insane amount of salt that is in it.  It was great, don't get me wrong, but for that much money I would like to have a soup that I can't prepare by myself in 3 minutes for nearly a quarter of the price.  Freshii is definitely meant for the vitamin water drinking, "organic" food eating individual who loves to act like they are healthy.  If you are a true health freak, you wouldn't go buying expensive meals like this, you would be spending your money on a variety of whole foods and preparing them yourself.  Anyways, if you are looking for a trendy place in a great location, go for it.  However if you are just down to eat a good meal and don't care about the environment, look elsewhere!Rating for Breakfast
They have a fantastic bacon, egg (sliced, not scrambled) and jack cheese wrap for breakfast. Stop here almost every morning on my way to the office. My wife gets the same thing except they exchange goat cheese for the jack cheese, plus add spinach. The wrap is nicely grilled before it is served.
The wrap is much larger, and more filling, than the $1.99 wrap from Dunkin' Donuts. Will easily hold you until lunch, or even later.
Unfortunately they do not serve coffee so you always have to make a 2nd stop, otherwise I would give this breakfast 5 stars.
Note: Ritz-Carlton guests receive a 20% discount. Just show your room key.Stopped here for takeout dinner one evening. Had the Anti-oxidant Salad, substituting sweet corn for the celery. Staff was friendly, curteous and quick. The price was reasonable for such a large salad ($8), and a whole lot of salad. The Gold Peak ice tea was $2.29 (not outrageous). Per the name, everything was really fresh :-)  - blueberries, chicken, spinach - and quite filling. I would go back, and recommend it to friends.Horrible!!!!
Couple things. Went there for lunch yesterday and was greeted at the door by a staff person who had me fill out a menu form, The staff person instructed me that they were having a 2-1 special going on.
I proceeded to fill out my form and ordered a Chicken Club Wrap.
I had ordered extras from the unlimited toppings menu which included jack cheddar cheese, broccoli and a few other things all of which costs .25 to .50 cents more for each, so what turned out to be a 6.99 menu item cost me close to $11.00. The wrap was horrible. The entire wrap was about 80% bacon bits, very , very little chicken, a few diced tomatoes, NO sign at all of the extras I had ordered such as the broccoli and cheese. The sandwich had heart attck written all over it with all that bacon. The best part comes next, I pick up my wrap at the cashier stand and I asked where my second free one was. The cashier responded, "Oh, you have to mention on the order sheet that you want a second one" Hello, commonse sense alert! It'sa buy one, get one free.
He then asks if I would like  a free one but I would have to wait.
Yeah, like I really have time to wait another 40 minutes.
Good thing I never did wait around for the second one, cause I would have thrown it out.
I was told that the noodles in this place were good, but I'll never go back there to give it a second try.This place is terrible.  The prices are high, the ordering system is stupid and slow (write your order down on a clipboard?  WTF?)  and the food is terrible.  
The spicy lemongrass soup tasted like sour piss and hot sauce.  This place SUCKS!It's very difficult to find healthy places to in Philadelphia, but this place has been great to me so far. I haven't tried the soups yet, but I love the Soho salad the most.I used to love Freshii's spicy lemongrass soup.  It was always full of a ton of vegetables and flavor.  Today, it was 90% noodles and had a few pieces of corn and celery.  The tofu in it was also extremely salty.  This used to be my go to for a good soup and I'm hoping it was just an off day.  The staff is so friendly and you can't beat the prices.  I may go back and try a wrap or salad next time since the placeMy beau and I enjoyed a freshii lunch several days ago. The staff were friendly and very helpful, which was kind of a necessity for not only their first week but anybody's first time. There are a TON of options, and the ingredients are all fresh, the portions are all pretty generous, and the place is in general pretty nice. 
Food-wise, I'm a bog fan of their options for low-calorie enjoyment. I will say that one should look out for the sodium amounts in their broths and sauces, because that can do a girl in -- but no worse than anywhere else one eats out. Still, that said, they do let you pay attention to intake via their website, which builds your nutrition information as you order - a major plus. As for taste, it's what you make it, but mine was damn good for 400 calories!I wouldn't write a negative review unless I had multiple incidents, and thanks to these, here I am.  I have gotten the noodle bowl to go from Freshii a handful of times.  My first big incident was several months ago.  I had a normal noodle bowl with chicken, several vegetables and teriyaki sauce.  When I arrived at my office ready to eat, my noodle bowl was only noodles and a single leaf of spinach - no sauce, no meat and no vegetables.  I was pretty upset.  During this time I heard of a similar incident that one of my co-workers said, and she went back and got a free lunch for another time.  I didn't go back for some time.  Today, I went back with an open mind.  Same order, except double meat.  This time I checked my bowl before heading back to my office.  They forgot the meat and left out a vegetable.  The manager added chicken and the vegetable.  I watched him do this and merely say "I'm sorry" and send me on my way.  Little did I know that I did not get cajun chicken.  I'm not going back to Freshii - HoneyGrow and the Bellevue's Noodle House can get my noodle fix from now on.food was super bland.  I got their popular Tex Mex burrito with brown rice, black beans, corn avocado, cheddar cheese and pico de gallo.  no flavor which was super surprising.  I might be back but i'd have to be starving, in a pinch, and would probably get something else. since I only tried one thing, and had one visit - im giving two stars. otherwise it would be one. 
meh.Solid.  A good choice for salads - and even noodle bowls.  You pick the ingredients and can control calories and fat.  Pleasant "green" sleek decor.
I tend to stick with the salads - but a few of the bowls and soups look (more carb-heavy) good.I like. I have to say this place is nothing revolutionary in terms of food, but its quick, healthy, and like the name, very fresh.
I've been here 3 times- so far I've tried a regular salad (no meat or cheese), the frozen yogurt and a breakfast wrap. Nothing fancy or unique, but the food is really good. The salad came to just under $6.50 with tax and it was HUGE. "Premium" toppings like meat, tofu and cheese are going to cost you more, but the base salad is $5.99 and comes with unlimited topping like veggies, beans, cilantro, etc. The dressing is homemade and really good.
The yogurt is pretty expensive (I think around $6 with two complimentary toppings) but it's good. A lot lighter tasting than yogorino-I could eat it for breakfast and not feel gross.
The breakfast wrap was also good. It was half of a whole wheat tortilla with hard boiled egg, bacon, cheese and chopped tomato. It was pretty big for only $2.99 and really tasty.
Overall, I would come back here. I think the salads are priced well for the area and they offer a range of toppings that other places don't. I would probably skip the yogurt and definitely choose their wraps here as opposed to something unhealthy from starbucks or dunkin donuts.
Also a plus- they take credit cards- no miniumum.good soup. gotta get a salad or wrap next time. would like the prices to be a tad bit lower and the service a tad bit faster but the health option in a mass of fast food places in center city is a great thing.Great location for quick breakfast or lunch. Healthy and affordable options that include everything from salads, to soups, to wraps, to rice and noodle bowls. Can either order pre-customized or made-to-order items. Real good lunch and looking forward to going back and trying more things!Not impressed at all with this place.  Ordered the buffalo chicken salad and it was bland and not worth $9.  I would rather walk a little farther and go to Citi Marketplace or Fuel.  The others in my group ordered rice/noodle bowls and found them to be incredibly salty.  Will probably not go back.I've been here once, well not be going back. I ordered the soup with rice noodles and it was bland, not very good at all.  Maybe their salads might be better...Went here today for the first and last time. The only good thing about it was how my salad looked and the friendly staffer who walked me through ordering a salad (who know it was so hard?!). Anyways, I went with the create your own salad, I won't bore you with the details but it came to $15, I was expecting caviar and crab meat for that price. One of the ingredients I ordered, avocado, was an extra cost item. When I got my food I noticed it wasn't on there. I mentioned it to the "chef" behind the counter and he said that the avocados were hard and they weren't serving them...
Ok, I'm glad they wouldn't serve produce that wasn't ripe, but I paid extra for it so I'd like my money back for the extra charge. He offered to add extra stuff to the salad like corn, beans, tomatoes, etc. which are actually free items so I declined and asked for my money back for the cost of the avocado addition. These people work within 3 feet of each other you would think the "chef" would say "hey, if someone orders avocado, tell them they aren't ripe and don't charge them extra for it".
The salad was good, but for $15 I expected it to be. My friend went with me and she got the Poppy seed dressing, which we believe contained mayo and poppy seeds. Quite the flavor depth. Wouldn't go again.I can't believe I haven't reviewed Freshii yet. I get food from here all the time, it's a staple of my lunch hour. I usually get the bowls, but I've tried a lot of their other menu offerings. Everything I've had, I've been able to taste and identify the ingredients, which you can't do with prepared lunches from most places, and I really appreciate this. It's to easy to be a fat and lazy office worker, eating horrible food for you all the time, and Freshii is a great option so close to a ton of offices.
Also I don't know what experiences people have had here, but I've always had friendly service that's usually pretty quick.
Oh and some of their menu items are half price or something after 3pm. Not bad.Salads are big and fresh and the variety is great.  The Spicy Lemongrass soup is delicious, although the last time I had it, it was too spicy, even for me, and I like things spicy.  The rice and noodle bowls are way too dry and bland.  Too much rice or noodles compared to all the other ingredients, and what other ingredients there were, were sliced too small to really taste.  Plus, each bowl could use more of the sauce that they're made with.  I've had to add stuff to them to make them edible.   The bacon,egg and cheese breakfast wrap was very good.  Service can be slow at times, especially around 12:00.,but I think it's gotten better as they've been open longer.Just picked up a wrap for lunch. As soon as you walk in someone greets you and gives you a clipboard to fill out, you either look at the menu and write it down or pick from their options to make your own. I decided to make my own. This process was only slightly confusing. Under wraps you had options like brown rice, romaine, spinach, silly me I thought spinach was the kind of wrap not that spinach would go in my wrap. After checking off ingredients (premium ingredients cost extra, otherwise you can choose as many as you want without extra costs). I took it to the front and the lady proceeded to highlight what I had checked off with my mini golf pencil to make sure they got it right which really they could just get computers like wawa that you order from and save everyone time. Also, their website feeds you back the nutritional info as you build something, why not have an in-store computer system do that as well. Just have enough that people aren't  waiting around to put their orders in.
I was confused if i paid after I submitted my order (they gave me a carbon copy) or when I pick it up so I went to the register but nobody came over, ended up paying when I got it, but the girl was surprised I didn't pay yet. Probably took about 10 min to get my food but I was busy looking at the baked chips, kind bars, cliff bars, fruit, oatmeal, yogurt parfaits and fruit options. I settled on some baked doritos, my order was $7 and change which isn't bad for center city lunch and I was basically satisfied.
The ingredients were fresh, the wrap in my opinion is way too big i took off a lot of the wrap part so I wasn't just munching on bread with nothing to it. Turned out to be whole wheat wrap. The ingredients were large pieces, I ended up just eating out of it with a fork but it was good. I would come here again, maybe get a bowl instead. It's a fresher and healthier option close to where I work. I also don't mind waiting up to 10 min if it's custom and fresh. I'd like to try it for breakfast sometime.
Also, they gave me a card, if I get a wrap 7 times I get one free. There are other numbers on the card, i have no idea what they are for, maybe salads or bowls. They may want to be a bit more descriptive and user friendly here.Confession, I do frequent this place regularly but it's out of shear laziness since I literally work across the street. Yes, they have vegetarian/vegan options, hell they even sell Kombucha BUT if one is really trying to eat "healthy" do you think it's healthy to serve a VAT of rice or noodles with every dish.  If the portions were balanced with veggies/protein and then sides of rice or noodles, this place wouldn't be so bad. I've even tried to ask for minimal rice/noodles but no luck, my order could still feed a family of 20. I'll return but only out of convenience.I cant say i was overly impressed by the food at Freshii but it wasn't a bad meal. I met up with a friend for lunch last week. I ordered the harvest salad  as a wrap. The harvest is overflowing with apples, beets and goat cheese. My only issue with my lunch was the lack of walnuts in my wrap. I anticipated there being more. The reason for the 3 stars is the service. We literally stood on the ordering side for  good 5 minutes before anyone acknowledged us. Apparently they changed the set up of hour you ordered ( would have been nice if someone clued us in). We got there at the tail end of lunch so it wasn't overly crowded which was good for us since there are not many tables. I wont rush back but if by chance i end up working in the area i might check out something different next time.
They take level up and the restaurant and bathroom are pretty clean.Freshii is a great idea that just never quite came together.  They allow you to basically customize anything you want (salad, rice bowl, sandwich, etc.) with a multitude of ingredients.  I opted for a brown rice bowl with an assortment of toppings.  The basic bowl itself was alright, nothing terrible about it.  My biggest issue came with the sauce that was added.  I opted for the lemongrass sauce, which actually contained hard, inedible, bits of lemongrass.  At a final price tag of $9 for a bowl and after having to wait 15 minutes for it to be assembled (with pre-cooked ingredients) I won't be back.Been here twice.  First time I had a vegan wrap and it just didn't have much going on.  I was annoyed that when I asked for a cup of water they had no way of giving it to me so I was forced to buy a $2 bottle of water.  The thing that annoyed me the most was the way they informed me that it wasn't possible.  It was as though I was crazy for asking. 
The second time I got the soho salad.  The green apples tasted as though they had been soaked in lemon juice and the poppyseed dressing just wasn't very appetizing.  The one good thing was that the bacon, spinach, and goat cheese were fresh.  
All in all I spent $11 on a average salad and small bottle of water.  Booooo.  I'm sad because I'd really like a place like this to work.  Next time I'm going to Saladworks or Peace A Pizza.  At least I'll get a free piece of bread.this place is just OK - i would have given 3 stars before they changed things around (ie customization) but now just two. 
they have vegan options and tofu - and the veg broth is actually vegetarian (sometimes people think chicken is a vegetable, ya know!) 
overall there are just better places to eat lunch at."Excuse me, sir? We don't allow photography in here. You can take it outside but not on premises."
Beware: do not get fresh with freshii. If you take a picture of anything inside freshii the staff will sustainably, organically, jack you up. Big time. 
If you're a frosh to freshness, here's a refresher on freshii's fresh take to freshening up fast food. Allow folks to construct and customize their meals based on nutritional value.
You can order by checking off items on a card. I would have uploaded a picture of the card had the freshiimen not wrestled me to the ground, confiscated my camera phone and neuralized my memory. Just kidding, that didn't happen. And if it did, I have no way of knowing. Did someone reading this see me there? Please call me. 
The store's signage and layout hint at the way freshii would like its patrons to consider their health and what they eat. There's even a bathroom scale near the counter, which is neither scary nor off-putting in any way whatsoever. 
I ordered the spicy lemongrass soup. Despite this soup actually being noodles and other ingredients with incidental traces of broth, it was quite good and quite filling. For $7.59, you would hope so. It could be spicier but that might diminish the nutritional return. Still, a few more veggies wouldn't hurt. 
All in all, nutritious food in mindful quantities at affordable prices. If only I weren't terrified of going back.I walk past this place all the time, and I decided to go in.  I ordered a tuna garden wrap.  I really enjoyed it, and I loved the fresh veggies! I ended up doing a quick dance at my desk after a few bites. :o)  I didnt find the prices to be outrageous, but fresh food isnt exactly cheap, so I wasnt bothered by the cost.   I will say the negative is the waiting area, it is a bit cramped.  I think I beat the lunch crowd, but  there were still quite a few people, and we had to navigate around each other to get around the store.  Another negative for some may be the order form, but I didnt use it.  The staff was friendly; I was afraid that they'd be annoyed because I didnt bother using the form, but they were cool about it.
I'd definitely go back and try some other items on the menu.The trick with Freshii is to go here during their unadvertised "happy hour" 3-5 pm: everything on the menu is 50% off. Was it the best soup I've ever had? Not by a long shot, but for $2.67 in a good location, I can overlook a lot. Also, protip: when you walk in, walk all the way to the right, order, and then move left. It's counter-intuitive but that's how it's set up.Freshii gets 2 stars ONLY because they just opened and because I only tried the bowls. Had this been a well-established eatery, I would have given this  ZERO stars (is that possible? okay fine maybe 1/2 star) 
Freshii's motto is: Fresh Food. Custom Built. Fast. 
It was most definitely NOT FAST. 
Again, this may be because it's a newly operating business, but damn did this place seem inefficient. First, there were at least 20 employees working, but the wait for your food was unbearably long. there were 3-4 employees whose sole purpose was to hand you clipboards and pencils to write down your order. THEN, there were no less than 2 employees who took your order and went through line by line to ensure that you had selected each component correctly. WHY?! This seems silly. What a waste of paper! 
On the positive, they do give you a lot of food. On the negative, it's not exactly cheap either. Prices were in the ~$6.50-$8.99 range.
ALSO, the ingredients did seem fresh. I'll give it that.
Warrior Chicken: brown rice + cajun chicken + sweet corn + red onions + black beans + cilantro + diced tomatoes + carrots + low fat ranch dressing
The foundation of this dish was fine and the ingredients were also pretty fresh, but the recommended sauce was weird. I mean, ranch rice? At any rate, I ordered it on the side and also got the Asian Sesame, but both seemed at odds with the combination of ingredients. I also tried the spicy lemongrass sauce with it as well and that also wasn't very tasty. I suspect the soy sauce might work best. 
Ultimately, I left feeling like I ate an unsatisfying and bland meal. Which makes me  ANGRY. I loathe calories consumed w/out pleasure. 
My friend had:
spicy noodle: rice noodle + grilled tofu + chopped almonds + bean sprouts + cucmbers + carrots + cilantro + spicy lemongrass sauce
This tasted much better than my dish, but still wasn't anything memorable or worthwhile. She did, however, ingeniously mix in the leftover Asian sesame sauce with the leftover Spicy lemongrass sauce and that made this a billion times better. 
Bottom line, you might like this if you're someone who likes to deprive themselves of flavor because you think it's healthy and therefore how you should eat. As for me, I could MAYBE be talked into going back, but only if I had time for a long lunch and they were doing some sort of free or 1/2 off discount. AND I most definitely would not get a bowl again. I begrudgingly admit their sandwiches/wraps might be good.Love that they list the caloric values on their menu, but for some reason none of their menu items sound all that enticing.  
Food:
Sad that they were out of steak when I visited, since that was the only salad that I really wanted to try, but glad it forced me to go with the antioxidant crunch salad.  It sounded like a strange mix of items - broccoli, almonds, blueberries, chicken - but it was actually quite nice.  It could have used a little kick or twist or something interesting, but it was definitely better than I thought it would be, a solid good-for-you lunch.
Service:
The girl who took my order was nice.  
The girl who rang me up was so over her job, and it showed - bored and snappish, acting like she'd rather be anywhere on earth except here.  
I watched someone behind the counter make a salad in a plastic bag, shake it up and dump it into a to-go container - it's probably easier to do it that way, but it's disgusting to see chunks of salad fall out of a plastic bag.  Please stop doing this, Freshii, or at least don't make me watch it.Lovely staff and convenient location, plus they offer 35% off on everything from 3-5 daily! I was able to get a Mediterranean salad with chicken for $5, making it a healthy and affordable option. The staff was gracious about allowing me to make changes to my order. My Mediterranean salad with chicken was good, and I liked the tomato dressing.I like the idea, but not the execution.
Food - Salads are fine (it's hard to screw up a salad), but the noodle bowls and rice bowls are incredibly bland and dry. I haven't tried the wraps, but I'd expect they are a safe option (like the salads).
Service - Very slow. I don't consider Saladworks a gold standard by any means, but at least they can whip together a salad in less than 10 minutes. 
Price - A little more expensive than they deserve. If the food was stellar, I wouldn't mind the prices, but there are plenty of other places in the area where you can get a healthy sandwich or salad for much less.I toyed with two opening lines. 'Freshii = Shitii' and 'it's hip to be bad'. Both are fitting. I ordered a rice bowl with a clearly spoken 'steak' as an added protein. I got shrimp. When I pointed it out, the surly prep guy says, "that's what it said on the ticket." Yes, well, the ticket was wrong, says I, politely enough. Grrr and a stink eye as a response. Okaaaayyy. Since I like shrimp well enough, I take it and run. In my office, I open the lid and find there are a few ingredients missing. I check the menu to be sure and yep, missing ingredients. Sighhhh. I eat it anyway. How hard can it be to make a salad with all the right things when there is no one else in line? About an hour later, I get a text from my intestines. Head to the ladies, it reads. Where I spend the next hour or so, on and off. Into the trash went the Shitii, I mean Freshii menu."Freshii-ness is next to Truthiness"
No import enters Philadelphia without some degree of local customization and that probably explains why the Philly version of healthy-foods purveyor Freshii features a raft of earnest, plus-sized counter staff who appear to take the concept of healthy eating fairly literally.
Everything about this execution of Freshii suggests an awkward fit with its environment, from the suffocatingly sausage-like employee uniforms, to an entry vestibule so narrow, there's no natural place to be.
It's a disorienting experience too when confronted by multiple sets of demands: 1. The menu above the counter, 2. An additional overlay menu featuring diet options,  3. A personal greeter who hands you a tiny, fidgety white clipboard with a form to fill out, and 4. The form itself, a blizzard of boxes, menus, and rules, the sum total of which will not be winning any copywriting or design awards any time soon.
As the greeter traced her chewed-upon fingertips across my Freshii lunch form, discussing its many rules, I felt twin pangs of panic and nausea. These went untempered by my Splenda-sweet chicken wrap and sugared iced tea, cooked up by those health nuts at the The Coca Cola Company and labeled in a promissory health food way.
Perhaps I could have ordered better. Perhaps the cashier's dime store weave wouldn't have been so distracting. Perhaps I'll be the next Miss America. The minute I saw the vinyl wall cling boasting the words "biodegradable" and "recycleable" while being handed my purchase in a petroleum plastic bag for the two-second walk to my counter seat: I knew credulity would be strained.Ok, Freshii, that's it.  We're breaking up.  For good.  Don't call me, don't even look at me when I go to La Colombe for my coffee.  You've strung me along and done me wrong too many times for this to be ok.  In the beginning, you made me glorious Asian chop salads with generous portions of veggies, chicken, and tangy dressing.  For almost $9 a pop, I was satisfied and enjoyed every bite.  After some time, I said I wanted to try new things.  Nothing crazy.  A noodle or rice bowl.  Each time you left out a key item.  Sometimes I would get only a few pieces of an ingredient.  Your manager would argue with me when I pointed to the lacking.  That's when our relationship started to go south.  To try and patch things up, I did what any faithful customer would do; I went back to what I loved about you to begin with: your Asian chop salad.  Our romance was revived!... For about a month.  Then you hired a young boy with a lip ring.  A sweet boy, but this boy has systematically dismantled our relationship.  He cut the salad that I depended on to keep me full throughout my work day in half!  HALF! I would try to avoid him, come in at times when I thought I would miss him.  Sometimes I was successful.  I'd get one of the girls who would restore my faith in generous portions.  But 75% of the time, I would get this boy and I'd pay $9 for what was once a Asian chop salad is now a side salad.  Out of proximity and desperation I would keep going back to you and your new boy toy.  But today, you pushed me over.  Not only did I get a measly salad prepared by your little helper, but he handed me a little half-filled container of a dressing I did not recognize.  I told him he gave me the wrong dressing.  He replied, "It's a new one."  WHAT?!  Annoyed by the switch I commented that the salads seem to be getting smaller.  He replied, "And they're about to get even smaller.  We're changing our menu."  Go (blank) yourself, is what I said on the inside. Ok ok, maybe this new dressing will be good? Maybe this new dressing will revive the deadened and decrepit partnership that I've been half-heartedly sustaining?  I poured it over the few scraps of spinach, 3 chicken, and teaspoon of edemame....BLEGH!  It was some cheap, watered down version of the original.  It even LOOKED cheap.  You know what?  We're through.  It's over.  Done-zo.  You can take your new menu, new dressing, and lip-ringed stingy salad boy, and shove it.  Oh and I took more utensils than I needed and now keep them in my desk to use for my morning cereal!!!  BUH-BYE!Okay haters... knock it off!  Freshii is fantastic and until Philadelphia gets some real competition around here, this is the place to go for truly healthy lunch options that are fast, reasonably priced and really tasty. Seriously, what else is out there salad works? cosi? corner bakery? Their healthy stuff stinks and isn't even good for you.  Freshii is so much better and their food is actually healthy compared to the other places who claim to have "Lighter" options and their food is still loaded in fat, calories and carbs.  Freshii has a ton of good veggie, protein and dressing options.  
Yes, it is a little pricey, but so are all good veggies and fresh food.  Go get a salad at Wendy's if you aren't happy or eat a wrap from a cart next to City Hall.  You get what you pay for and if healthy eating is important to you than its totally worth it. 
The Rejuvinate Rice Bowl is awesome!  Cucumber Dill and Asian Sesame dressings are great on everything.  I am eating a salad now with mushrooms, egg whites, roasted red peppers, edamame, cucumbers, feta and grilled chicken.  Its delicious even without dressing.
Once again, this place is finally doing what this city needs.... And BTW, weren't we once called the fatest city in America?  I'm just sayin...The concept and idea of this place are great ...organic! However, the management is terrible which is why the employees are so unhappy. The owner is more concerned with his profit than customer satisfaction. This past winter, the place was without heat for over two weeks and the employees were handling food and serving customers with coats and hats on in an effort to stay warm...what!? The food is not that great for what you pay for it. There was also a report of a roach nest in the kitchen area. yuck!!  I'd say this place needs a total makeover...not too impressive for an organic place : (Tiny place but their soups are pretty delicious. The employees there are rude and sometimes quite ignorant. Never a smile on their faces. So overpriced because they think that they can since it's "fresh food" but would rather spend $10 somewhere else other than this dump.
They also offer frozen yogurt and it tastes like poop.Getting the feeling this place is going out of business.  They don't have nearly the selection of accompanying drinks and snacks that they used to.  Most of the coolers and shelves are half empty all the time.  The staff is very blase about service and generally the salads are over dressed and slapped together with varying degrees of ingredients depending on who is servinging you.  Better 'healthy' options in the area.Was in today to grab a quick to-go wrap.  Place was in disarray - manager slamming doors and saying "sh*t!" several times.  No one in a uniform.  I wait 5-10 minutes to have my wrap made and then am told there is no blue cheese - what other cheese did I want.  Knowing up front, I wouldn't have ordered the Cobb.
Wrap was absolutely DRENCHED with dressing (which made it nearly inedible and blew out the healthiness factor too).  Yuck.
Overall, the food was bad and the service and atmosphere was neutral to offensive.  No sense of teamwork or even pleasantness in the place.  They need a system.  I got my wrap and ran!
NEVERMORE!