I live near Frida and have been there for drinks and dinner on more than one occasion. I prefer Frida's food over Los Gallos. I thought Los Gallos was great when they first opened, but then the quality of the food became disappointing over time. The chicken in the chicken burrito was horrible (among other things)
Frida is just a much better experience overall, the food is great, décor is a feast for the eyes, the owner is very personable and welcoming. No business is perfect, sometimes things happen, the waiter on a particular day might be new so service could be slower, maybe a dish wasn't exactly as anticipated but everything I've ever ordered at Frida was absolutely delicious. The chicken enchilada is AMAZING! The décor is very all about Frida, the bar is completely tiled with Frida Kahlo artwork, the sink in the ladies room even has beautiful Frida artwork! We hope this business does well for years to come. We feel fortunate to have such a great place within walking distance.  For those who have to travel to get there, it's definitely worth the trip.We went to check out the new spot. Service was friendly. Will prob go back for drinks but skip dinner. I had the regular and mango margaritas and they were pretty good. Beer selection is varied enough to make everyone happy, but not over the top. I had the squash blossom quesadilla and my boyfriend had plain quesadilla, so maybe this isn't the best example of the food, but there's not a ton of veg options, and so far, I like Los Gallos better. Just not much flavor. Guacamole was okay. That said, everything was fresh, it's just maybe not the best for vegetarians, which it doesn't have to be. So check it out for yourself.I live in the area and have been here several times. Love the decor, every detail was carefully thought out. They do happy hour from 5-7. The margaritas aren't the best I ever had. But the food is so good. I love the chips and salsa, which you get for free. Some other faves are the guacamole and the tinga de pollo quesadilla. The service and prices are also great. Definitely recommend if you're looking for good Mexican in a super cool environment. It's also quiet and interesting enough for first dates although there isn't much else in the neighborhood to do at night. 
Update: still don't like the margaritas. Have tried some other cocktails, and they're all expensive and very weak. Also, some of the food prices have increased. $9 for an appetizer sized plate of guacamole from $7.50 and haven't made new menus, also they don't have drink menus. One smaller detail -  everyone I have brought here has said the same thing; the chairs are really uncomfortable. I really want this place to succeed but they need to improve the drinks for the price.I tried this place because the Cantina Los Caballitos was too crowded on National Margarita Day. 
I was happy to find this place.
Shrimp cocktail was really good and portion was big enough to share Pastor tacos were well prepared tasted good.  I also had Mahi Mahi ceviche, which was okay. Overall, the food was good, and service was friendly. 
My only complaint was that the chair was not as comfortable as I prefer.  
One caveat: my review of the food might have been under influence of 4 rounds of magarita. Well... it was the national magarita day after all.First off, the margaritas were delightful.  Not too strong, great lime taste, really delicious.  My husband and I then proceeded to order basically the entire menu, and it was all fantastic!  We tried some kind of crazy corn cake stuffed with beans- delicious, the queso fundido- delicious, the squash blossom quesadilla- awesome, and my husband raved about the nachos.  The best dish though, in my opinion, was the chile rellenos.  Really authentic and delicately flavored.  As a vegetarian, I really appreciate the number of creative veggie options available.  Too often, it's just a veggie quesadilla or black bean tacos, so this was a great treat.  To top it all off, the service was spectacular.  Everyone was super friendly and welcoming.  We live right around the corner, and will definitely be back soon!Small cute restaurant with good food and friendly staff. I had the Barbacoa Con Consome which I highly recommend. Look forward to returning.I live right down the street from this place. I have been peering into the windows for weeks before the opening, trying to figure out exactly what this would be - and worried that it would compete with my beloved Los Gallos, right across the street. It's open now and I love it! I haven't eaten here (because of my own weird dietary issues, not because of the menu).  I have stopped in for beers twice since the opening, and I love it! Everyone here is SO NICE! I got into a drunken stupor where I decided to confront the owner about the owner making  staff wear stupid embroidered polo shirts. (And I am immensely ashamed of this) he was totally willing to talk to me about it. He has another restaurant on Washington (which I didn't know - and also love that place). He mentioned wanting to put in the full effort of this spot and taking the help of business consulting firms (who recommended the optional shirts) for details and wanting to make this an asset to the neighborhood, and also valuing the opinions of the neighbors - because this is HIS community (he only lives a few blocks away).  His talk was genuine and I am so thrilled to have this business here! Which is a totally different animal than Los Gallos. I love it here!Anna is the best server and makes the best Horchata I have ever had!  Our party of 4 had a coyoacan steak, el pastor tacos, tinga tacos, and choripapas tacos.  We also had the guacamole.  Everything was fabulous and we can't wait to come back!Frida's is a great addition to the neighborhood. We've been here several times since it opened and we have always had an enjoyable experience. The chile rellenos are fantastic, as are the salsas that come with the complimentary chips. The cocktails are delicious too, the Mexico Mule is my favorite (tequila, ginger beer, mint & lime) and they have a fab happy hour with margarita & beer specials etc. It's right across the street from Los Gallos and people often ask which is better. There is no answer to that, both places are great!Yulia and I went here on a late Monday night. Welcomed by the bar tender and was able to pick any seat we wanted for dinner. Then met with menus, water, and chips and salsa by the waiter. 
The chips and salsas were great. On salsa was tomato based with great flavor while the other was salsa verde. Margaritas were very fresh tasting, didn't taste like a standard mix you'd find at other spots. The beer selection was good with about half of the menu as Mexican beers and the other half well known breweries.
Dinner came out hot and fast. Brisket tacos that came in a set of 3 were good sized and all meat. The chills relleno, aka Frida's favorite, was a large portion with a side of rice, refried beans, and taco shells so you could make a few. The dish won't all fit in the shells and I didn't even expect them, was a nice surprise.
The place looks great, it's clean, and the staff was friendly. Definitely coming back.Ate a great meal tonight with extended family.  We all agreed we would come back soon as the food was fresh, authentic, and made with the best ingredients.  Good for vegetarians and meat eaters.  The staff could not have been friendlier, helpful but not intrusive.  Definitely a new favorite!Came here for drinks and dinner with my boyfriend and our two good friends last Saturday evening. Let me start by mentioning that I am a huge Frida Kahlo fan - so when I heard about this place I knew I had to come in. The décor in here is absolutely beautiful. They have Mexican tiles in by the bar and around where the tables are, as well as in the bathrooms. The whole atmosphere is very warm and inviting. I ordered the Choripapas tacos which are fried tacos rolled up and stuffed with chorizo, potatoes, Oaxaca cheese and drizzled with a delicious sauce. The price was $9.50 but the portion was huge which I feel like you get a lot for what you pay for. I had a Modelo Especial which was $4. The prices are very decent and our server Erica was so sweet and accommodating, as was Cody who was the other server. Next time I come here I will be sitting at the bar so I can see the Mexican tiled countertop and trying a Tequila (they have over 60 varieties). They take cards, so you know. Will be coming back very soon. Love this beautiful spot!I absolutely love this place! Went out for drinks with friends and had a great time! The service was great. Cody and Natalie were so accommodating and made us amazing drinks. Will definitely come back!Everything about this place is beautiful. The hospitality is real. The artwork everywhere is fantastic. Our bartender, Sebastian, was extremely talented and professional. The food absolutely killer. Wide selection at the bar of local beers and uh, 40 mezcals? Yes.Frida's was a happy accident! I was in the area with a friend looking for tacos and there wasn't much open. We went to a place across the street, who said they were open online, but they weren't. So we walked into Frida. The ambience is very very cute and there was one person working. He was funny, kind and helpful. There was only one other party in the restaurant besides us. There was a cute decorations, sort of "day of the dead" theme, and candles lit everywhere. He explained a few things on the menu that we had questions about and we ended up getting an order of taquitos, and an order of tacos. We also got the guacamole and the jalapeño margarita. None of the food or drinks were average, they were all very tasty. The salsas blew her mind and he kept bringing us unlimited amounts. I will definitely be back to Freda!Happy Hour? Check. Great food? Check. Reasonable prices? Check. Friendly staff? Check. Why would anyone go Passyunk Avenue with this restaurant so close by.I went back for dinner and drinks and it was a much better food experience. I think that what we ordered the first time just didn't offer much chance to stand out. I still like Los Gallos across the street, but this meal was very good!Very good.  Came upon this one while in South Philly with my best friend.  She lives in the area and had noted that this place had opened recently.  It was delicious!  Got the pork tacos and they were amazing.  Very authentic, good fresh herbs and spices.  Nicely done.  I would definitely get the quesadillas next time.  My friend got them and the tortillas looked amazing!I've only been here once and can't wait to go again. Had the pleasure of going at dinner time on a Sunday back in September with my fiancé. 
Got to sit wherever we wanted when we walked in and were immediately given menus and house-made chips & salsa when we walked in. We chose a cozy table by the window facing 10th Street. Ordered Coronas and Margaritas to start followed by our main dishes. He got some kind of steak that came with enchiladas and other stuff while I got the Chiles Rellenos.
Not only is the food delicious, but, the portions are pretty big, especially coupled with the rice and beans that came with our entrees on top of tortillas. Post-meal, we moved to the bar for a few more drinks including their spin on a White Russian which was an an alcoholic version of horchata (basically if rice pudding was a beverage). Came to about $80 all-in-all after tip. Waiter and bartender were friendly and knowledgeable. The decor is cute. Looking forward to our next visit.We liked everything about this place,
but the last two times we went there
they were closed I'm thinking they may be going (or gone) out of businessI live in the area and have been here several times. Love the decor, every detail was carefully thought out. They do happy hour from 5-7. The margaritas aren't the best I ever had. But the food is so good. I love the chips and salsa, which you get for free. Some other faves are the guacamole and the tinga de pollo quesadilla. The service and prices are also great. Definitely recommend if you're looking for good Mexican in a super cool environment. It's also quiet and interesting enough for first dates although there isn't much else in the neighborhood to do at night.Very authentic Mexican food- a true gem for you to discover and enjoy for yourself in Philadelphia!
Items tried:  appetizers, drinks, steaks, almost all of their tacos, more drinks, enchiladas.
Star rating: 5/5 It's hard to find such a beautiful spot with food this authentic.This is always my go to in the neighborhood. I've never had issue with the food unlike other reviewers, which is a shame because it shouldn't sway folks from going - the staff has always been beyond kind to me! Los Gallos is OK, it has gotten me sick a few times but I respect it's reputation. They're two completely different experiences! 
Long story short - if you want delicious drinks (the happy hour deal is awesome), great service and great food then come here. It's a great atmosphere!Get out and support this local spot. Excellent food at great prices! The staff is extremely friendly.Very limited menu, not inclusive for restrictive diets. The seating is by far the most uncomfortable I have ever experienced in a restaurant. Nachos were delicious, just very small.I can't believe how good my mouth feels! This is the best place for margaritas l! Ooooooooffffff the hoooook! Food is bomb tooVery nice place and great food as well as the customer service. The ambiance is great and restaurant design is very comfortableDelicious & authentic. Beautiful art and decor is a great accompaniment to their wonderful and creative drinks. Passionate staff. I can't wait to return.This place gets five stars all around. After driving around for literally half an hour looking for parking (just Uber and thank me later) my boyfriend and I walked in to the cutest Mexican spot. Frida is all over the walls of course, it's very vibrant and colorful (in true Mexican fashion), and very cozy. We both ordered steak tacos, and I ordered the traditional margarita. Before they brought our food out we were given complimentary chips and salsa (as it should be). The salsa was yummy! Both the green and red salsa were spicy, but not too spicy. Then my delicious margarita was brought out. It was really good. Just as a note they have a lot of margarita flavors, so next time I will try the guava for sure! Then they brought the tacos out. You get three in your meal, which is a great deal for the price. The steak was well seasoned, tender, juicy, and delicious! The music was nice and chill (pretty sure they were playing Mexican ballads in the beginning). 
Lastly, the service was great! The waiter checked on us just enough were we felt attended to, but not so much that we felt like he was hovering. 
I love this place and this is definitely bae and I's New Mexican date night spot in Philly!Omg, stumbled upon this place, what a great surprise! They have a wide selection of Mexican beers AND their cocktails are sooooo good! The pineapple cilantro margarita is to die for!!We went late on a Saturday night for dinner and had the place to ourselves. The margaritas were amazing (we had a blueberry basil and a mango). The food was even better (enchiladas and tacos). Free chips and salsa is a rarity these days, but Frida still does it! I'm from Texas and miss TexMex, this was the closest I've found so far in Philly, it was amazing! Definitely coming back.I have been to Frida several times during Happy Hour. I really love their margaritas. Mango and guava are my 2 favorite flavors there. Nachos are yummy. Consistence service. Bartenders are always friendly. It's located right in South Philly and parking is pretty easy to find.Super cute! The green Salsa was the best I've ever had!!! But they didn't have much of any healthier food options and  their prices overall should be a little cheaperGirls night out. Before the Pink concert at the Wells Fargo Center. Some place that would satisfy 4 hungry women...
Frida fit the bill.
We snagged a parking spot right up the block and we were seated right away.
Everyone who was serving was so pleasant.
They make a killer cilantro margarita!
The chicken enchiladas suissa was delicious. It was a special that night and tasted so fresh and homemade. We shares queso with poblano peppers. Also really good.
I have been thinking about Frida since that night and need to get myself back there for more margaritas and to try more of that wonderful food.Best drinks and Mexican food in the city! Beautiful decor! Excellent service! I live in the neighborhood and will be back again. Probably gonna get hammered and watch soccer games here! GOOOAAL!!!This was my second visit, and had another delicious Mexican dinner. First time I went with was a group of girlfriends, and they pulled the tables together and was very accommodating for a group of 8 people. Margarites were fabulous. The staff is nice, and welcoming. The second time was early on a Sunday with the family. They have highchairs for toddlers. The Al pastor tacos were perfect. The cheese and squash quesdilla I order for my one year old was much larger then I expected, but plenty to share.Oh, Frida. Oh, strong, inspirational, unapologetic, fierce Frida. 
Frida (Kahlo) is one of my biggest idols so when I heard (ok, when my husband told me-I have to give him credit. He's so proud he knew about it before I did) that there was a cantina opening up not too far from us in South Philly named after my homegirl, I kinda (ok, I really, completely) freaked! We rushed to 10th & Wolf as soon as we possibly could. 
Let's start with the obvious... You may be wondering just as we were why someone would open another Mexican spot 10 feet from local favorite Los Gallos? Well, let me tell you, it's completely different in every way possible! You can see that even in the aesthetics right from the front steps as you open the gorgeous wooden door! So much thought and detail has gone into making this hot and new, happening spot a true beauty with all those small scale, friendly cantina vibes. The tile bar is STUNNING! The carved wooden chairs are just one place you will find the logo so carefully presented as it is in every place it possibly could be, including in those awesome, handmade bathroom sinks! Don't miss seeing them! Fresh flowers on each table, pops of bright, happy colors and of course, the art!!! All the Frida this girl desires!!! I'm in love! 
We were greeted warmly by Erica who directed us to choose our own seat in the super cozy, inviting space. She was an all around kick ass chick and our fabulous waitress. She was very passionate about her new place of employment and we absolutely loved the energy she brought. She gave us a little background about the owner Raul who lives locally and runs another spot nearby on Washington Ave. I love that he is a fellow neighborhood guy! We love supporting local! 
We shared a house marg made with fresh squeezed lime, rimmed with salt which they only offer on the rocks. It was delish, refreshing and definitely alcohol- filled. I could've easily drank quite a few and I'm sure you'll find me here again soon doing just that. There was also board with a pretty decent, to the point draft beer list including Sly fox, Great Lakes, uber trendy 21st Amendment and of course some Dos Equis, Modelo and other Mexican gems in bottles. There's also a plethora of top-shelf tequila and Bloody Maria's for Sunday Brunching! I believe the complete drink menu is still in the works, but this is a pretty decent start and I look forward to seeing it all next time! We did notice some tequila being infused with fresh fruit on the bar! Yum! 
The bar area filled up quickly as we sat and enjoyed our dinner at our table for four. I have a feeling many will come here as "regulars" for drinks and the complimentary chips and two tangy, spicy sauces. It is really one of the the only bars right in the vicinity. Very smart! It definitely gives off those "let's just chill and hang out after work", or "let's take a walk on a nice afternoon there" vibes. Everyone was laughing and having a real good time on that grand opening Saturday afternoon, including us. 
We sampled so many different items. You name it, this fam ate it, and we truly enjoyed every single dish. They were all jam-packed with flavor, obviously made with the freshest ingredients and all presented with care. From the shrimp cocktail served in a tomato juice with fresh cilantro and a cool avocado on top, to super cheesy mushroom chorizo queso served in a clay pan with a side of fresh, hot tortillas. Kiddos enjoyed the squash blossom quesadillas which came divided into three per order with some fresh pico. We also sampled the Tiacoyos which are masa cakes topped with black bean, salsa rojos, salsa verde and cojita crema drizzled on top. This was a fan favorite! We tasted the fresh cactus and another house salad which are not currently offered as complete meals right now, rather as sides to main course. They are considering making them in entire meal portions for the more health conscious. Vegan patrons can ask for any dish sans dairy and they will accommodate you without an issue. 
The menu offers a nice variety of quesadillas, a half a dozen tacos, seven entries including whole fish, rib eye and skirt steaks and of course, Frida's favorite chili rellenos. Specials are currently in the works also! It's all fairly reasonably priced. Plates of 3 signature tacos range from just $7.50-$9.50! The al pastor seemed to be a favorite variety already. 
The dishes come as they are prepared, so it's a great place to share! 
We just couldn't as we were stuffed, but try to save room for some chocolate churros! 
For day two, the place was booming and we hope it continues that way. They are still working out some VERY minor kinks, but everyone in there found it hard to believe they had literally just opened up. 
We are very happy to have this in the neighborhood!! Welcome Frida!! See you again real soon!We happened here to try out the new neighborhood spot.  The menu was small but we were able to find somethings my that appealed to us.  The good part is there is a bar.  We didn't love the food but it was good.  I think the service was just ok.  There was only two other.  We had the enchiladas with mole and the Mexican sandwich.  The margarita was 6.00 which is pretty consistent with other restaurants.  The restaurant is new for two of us and one Sri k each bill was 72.00.  That is a bit steep for Mexican but it was good!Absolutely delicious margaritas! And the ceviche was the best I have ever had! Fresh and delectable.My husband and I have frequented Fridas Cantina since the grand opening. And we have to say the service and the food are excellent!! Roberto, Paulina are the best!! My husband is from Mexico City and we can say this is authentic Mexican food and drinks. Also, this is one of the only restaurant/bars in Los Angeles that serve Don Julio 70. If you guys haven't tried it, I highly recommend it!! Love Fridas Cantina!! I also recommend all of my fellow Douglas Elliman Real Estate  Agents to come and try it out!!Had the pineapple cilantro margarita. I enjoyed this very much. My partner got the steak tacos and I got chicken flautas. Both very good !My bf and I were there in south philly and googled for Mexican with good reviews on margaritas, saw good reviews and decided to give it a shot. Didn't disappoint tho. We were seated right away out on the sidewalk and the weather was so nice and breezy. The food came out fast, so fresh and taste so good. Margarita was so yummy. I def wanted to go back and tried more, wish I could order them all!The food was awesome and the drinks were amazing. The Noble Old Fashion is definitely one of my favorite drinks. The bartender that night could make a wide range of drinks, which is great; he was very impressive. Their liquor selection is perfect! 
I had the Barbacoa for dinner, and I was widely impressed.Excellent service, delicious food and the drinks are to die for. Inside is beautiful very cultural  Frida Khalo everywhereOne of my faves. Do yourself a favor and order the enchipocladas and a hibiscus mezcalarita!!!We came in because of Frida, but we will definitely be coming back because of the food. The decor is beautiful (so much tile and lots of Frida paintings). I got an order of al pastor tacos, which were juicy and topped with a big slice of pineapple. My boyfriend got a shrimp cocktail and the steak platter and finished both. We were both impressed by how good their stuff was.I had the al pastor tacos and a spicy margarita. The al pastor was just a smidge on the dry side for me, but I lived in LA for 10 years and got kind of spoiled there. It was good enough that I'd certainly come back and try something else next time I'm in the area. The cocktail was great, and rimmed with something really tangy and delicious.Food is average. Horrible service from the bartender. Go across the street to los gallos for better food and better price.I stopped by Frida Cantina because it was just a few houses down from where I was staying. It is a cute little restaurant with amazing interior decorations! You wouldn't expect much from the outside, but once you walk inside, you feel welcomed!
I visited on a Sunday evening so there weren't many patrons inside. The menu wasn't large but I'm sure you'd find something that would fulfill your craving. I kept my order simple and ordered the Al Pastor tacos and a bottled Coke. Not disappointed one bit! The tacos were great and even with just a little bit of lime juice added on, it made them even better! I didn't order any special drinks, but they did have a great choice of beers and liquor. 
Overall, this restaurant is cute and the food was delicious! Go check it out if you're in south Philadelphia.Perez is fantastic, the food muy bueno and the atmosphere as well! The hand made tiles are exquisite - real craftsmanship. The ingredients are very obviously fresh and of good quality. The fuego margarita is the best I have ever had; here, Spain, Mexico and, yes, I have had them in all three nations. Top shelf tequila and mezcal, ample vegetarian options, Oaxaca-style, south Mexico food done with care and a young man of culture and etiquette serving it all. Five stars solid.First of all. I give it to them for having a top notch place on a back street in Philly!
Oscar is the man for being a bartender, prep cook, and what seemed to me a manager. Shout out to him for breaking down the drinks...as far as how he makes the different salt for the rims. More importantly educating myself of the difference of tacos/cuisines around Mexico because I'm slacking. For the knowledgeable...Fridas serves a Mexican City style.
They have amazing drinks! The work put in, the display, and the mixture of herbs are astounding  Stop in to try one if for nothing else.
I personally ordered the fish tacos, of which...absolutely no complaints. My friend ordered who knows what but no complaints from him either.
The atmosphere with the great decal is awesome and all around I will say it would be a regular spot if I was around the neighborhood.I haven't eaten here yet but I can smell the food is good.  Margarita was Americanized (way, way, way to sweet) but had real lime juice and was excellent diluted and with some extra lime slices muddled in.
The decor, especially the folk-art tile work on and behind the bar, is unsurpassed in the area.  
Oftimes while dining on Mexican cuisine, Frida's caterpillar-like monobrow will freak me out a bit, but, thankfully, the obligatory Freida paintings on the walls here showed a more subtle and less pronounced synophrys than is the norm.I'm a big fan of Frida since my boyfriend lives not too far and the food is always good. I remember the first time I went there, we got some queso fundido and tacos, basically the staple of what one would grab from a taqueria. 
The restaurant itself is very cute and quaint, seating only a handful of tables outside of the bar area. If you happen to be in a rush or just in the mood to bum around in the house, you can get your food to go or even order through Uber Eats. 
My favorite taco in general is Al Pastor, but you can't really go wrong with anything that you order unless you're looking for Taco Bell ;) In addition to great service and decent customers, the atmosphere in Frida is never one that makes you roll your eyes so it's perfect for a casual date or a night out with friends.Ordered at 6:57pm. Delivery was estimated for 30-40 minutes. I waited an hour and a half and then attempted to call the restaurant. No answer. Waited another 10 minutes still no answer. I was finally able to reach them at 8:43pm. I was told they did not see my order and would rush it to me. It is now 9:59 and I have yet to receive my order. I've tried calling the restaurant twice and again no response. I'm really disappointed because I've heard good things about their food. I definitely understand Cinco de Mayo is busy, but 3 hours and no response for enchiladas is not ok.Love this place! I get the vegetarian enchiladas every time and they *actually* have vegetables in them, unlike most Mexican places where they just give you some variation of rice & beans. A bit spicy so beware :) 
They're usually punctual, though sometimes on the later end of the delivery estimate. But really good! I recommend!!Frida is a great Mexican restaurant and bar in South Philly. The portion sizes are Very gracious, and a single burrito can probably serve as a meal for two. Add in the complementary chips and salsa and it's extremely easy to get very stuffed here. I recommend the al pastor dishes; pineapple and pork is such a great combination. 
The staff is multilingual, as well as many of the patrons as well as the music. There's no parking anywhere near here though, not even if you were willing to pay.We loved this place. Food was really good. Had the nachos which have tons of lettuce and sour cream drizzled. I love having some greenery on my nachos. Enchiladas suizas were very good. Loved the atmosphere. Bar is adorable. Music was great. Margaritas were yummy.South Philly has a ton of great Mexican restaurants but this one really stood out. Super cute date spot and the servings are huge. The carnitas burrito was super satisfying. I also greatly enjoyed the complimentary chips and salsa (the green salsa was amazing!)
My only gripe is that they pump faked me on the tres leches. It's on their online menu but they in fact do not make it anymore. Boo!Super friendly staff, awesome tacos and a great place to grab a margarita to go. Tings tacos are delicious and the guava margarita was perfect.Al pastor tacos were on point! Both salsas they give are delicious and so was the guacamole. Their tortillas are definitely freshly made and also very good. Can't wait to have it all againWhile the food was very good, the service was awful. Waitress got our orders wrong and took forever to get out. When the food came out all the appetizers and the entrees came at once. To top it all off she couldn't even split a bill in half and charged one of us the entire meal. Might go back but if the same waitress is there I'll sit at the bar. The bartender was doing the best to help her and was very apologetic. 
The service was the only reason why I gave the place 2 stars.Wouldn't normally review a place while it was still so new,but the complete lack of attention to service was kind of astounding.  Went on Sunday night of Labor Day weekend. Not packed by any means,but the slowest least attentive service we have ever had. Restaurant is beautiful, great attention to detail.  Bartender seemed attentive and on point
 We have told neighbors to just go for drinks at this point. Appetizer came out after entrees. Food was good,but not remarkable. Total process for 2 quesadillas,1 shared entree and 2 beers was over 2 hours. When check came  there were 3 items that we had not ordered adding at least 15 minutes to the evening. At NO point did anyone ask how our food was,did we need anything,etc. Seemed thoroughly untrained despite a professional restaurant owner. Will give them another chance because the concept and visual execution are so beautiful.  Here's hoping!!The food here is awful. I had the shrimp cocktail and it was soaked in watery ketchup. The shrimp itself was tiny and limp. It came with saltines. Saltines at a Mexican restaurant! The chips and salsa were fine but they gave us so few chips. The drinks were watered down. They charged me extra $0.50 for soda in a vodka soda and they had no olives or cherries for other cocktails. Why advertise as a full bar when you can't make me a standard cocktail? The service here is nice, however, and it is not their fault. My friends have had subpar experiences as well. Never coming back here again, I have tried a few times to support a neighborhood business, but it's not worth it.Food is authentic and delicious service is top notch. If you want good food & drinks get over here. Nothing more to say get here or get out.Excellent service , walked in Saturday evening, the bartender who served us was so warm and hospitable. The chips were fresh and crunchy , guacamole was fresh not overly seasoned, salsa were yummy also, the red sauce  packed a good punch.  Tacos were also very good, Enchiladas were well flavored anthe chicken was so fresh. The seating is tight but the bartender was cranking out some good drinks!I love this place and for some reason they don't get enough credit.. Their Mexican  food is exceptional and they take pride in their crafted Mexican cocktails which anywhere else  would charge minimum what they do. Being Mexican and from southern cali coast I have had a hard time finding legit Mexican food in philly in the decade I've been here in Philly. This place has been one of the best gems I've found. Prices may be a little higher than the competition across the street but I wouldn't know even call it a competition. They are just different and don't dump a ton of salt on their food to make it flavorful. Great place. The staff is small so for those who complain about their delivery , keep in mind that running a small business is hard and delivery drivers also take time to get to you. Don't assume carelessness. The owner and staff are so sweet. My boyfriend and I have had nothing short of a good experience. Take out or dine in.I live in the area and have been here several times. Love the decor, every detail was carefully thought out. They do happy hour from 5-7. The margaritas aren't the best I ever had. But the food is so good. I love the chips and salsa, which you get for free. Some other faves are the guacamole and the tinga de pollo quesadilla. The service and prices are also great. Definitely recommend if you're looking for good Mexican in a super cool environment. It's also quiet and interesting enough for first dates although there isn't much else in the neighborhood to do at night. 
Update: still don't like the margaritas. Have tried some other cocktails, and they're all expensive and very weak. Also, some of the food prices have increased. $9 for an appetizer sized plate of guacamole from $7.50 and haven't made new menus, also they don't have drink menus. One smaller detail -  everyone I have brought here has said the same thing; the chairs are really uncomfortable. I really want this place to succeed but they need to improve the drinks for the price. 
2nd Update: I've been back several times. The food is still stellar. Seems they are expanding the menu a bit. They have finally updated their menus and added drink menus. Guacamole went up another dollar in price. Now $10 for an appetizer size of guac. :(  I haven't given the margaritas another try but will update again if I do.I don't even know how this place is still open. Ordered through Grubhub and the enchiladas meat was supposed to be chicken but almost postive it was turkey. The burrito made my dad throw up for 6 hours stright. The verde sauce on the enchiladas was so tart and disgusting. Wasted my food and money.Absolutely delicious. One of the best restaurants in Philadelphia and perfect for satisfying the need for authentic Mexican cuisine. Service is phenomenal. Ambiance is ideal. 10/10If you want non authentic Mexican food go here. This place is nice from the inside but the food is a bad attempt at making Mexican. The salsa chips they serve is not hot and watery. The food is salty and the rice was waaay under cooked. The only thing they have going for themselves is an alcohol license, that's about it. I actually could not believe they've been open for so long and still serve that kind of food. Also wanted to add that when I told the server that my rice was undercooked he told me "that because the rice was pre-made they are unfortunately cannot make more rice". So basically I had crunchy rice with my salty chile relleno.From our first visits to Frida Cantina for watching Eagles games with friends at the bar, to our recent deliveries during Covid, we remain big fans! 
Delivery is always a solid experience and everything is packaged well. I've been digging the al pastor tacos and we almost always get an order of guac and chips, which is pretty substantial. The restaurant always throws in some homemade salsas - the green salsa is absolutely delicious!I left my Yelp account alone to die many years ago since Yelp is for suckers. That being said after the awkward experience I had at Frida (and their lack of a response to my message re: the dining experience) here I am. 
I've been to Frida a few times (at least 6) but only for drinks/nachos. Last night, I had dinner w/ 2 friends of mine who were celebrating their birthdays. One friend asked the bartender/server how the corn cakes were. The lone server/bar-tender said that they were "Fantastic." My friend is an industry vet of 10 years so she takes servers's word as bond. Our order of nachos and drinks came out; the nachos are stellar and the margs were standard. When the rest of our meal came out, my friend took 2 bites of her corn cakes and said that they were too dense and somewhat under cooked that offset that beans and the rest of the dish. Basically, her birthday dinner was nothing more than beans piled onto a piece of dense corn. THANK GOD WE HAD MORE DRINKS ON THE WAY.
When the server came over with the check he asked how our meal was. She commented that her meal was not what she expected. Rather than apologize and offer her a complimentary beverage (or even comp her meal) he said, "Oh you must not like black beans." She said that was not the case and that it was the corn cakes (the main component of the meal). Thanks for mansplaining beans, bro.
He then asked if she wanted a box and walked away. He gave us the bill and lo and behold, her meal was still on there.  There is no reason a server should state something so stupid to a guest who has not eaten 3/4th of their meal, especially since the meal was suggested by the server. Not liking beans isn't the issue; it's none of your business if the guest doesn't like beans. They didn't like the meal - there is no need to double down on dumb and break down the meal to pinpoint the offensive ingredient. There is also no need to say it with a shitty attitude.
My friend said she has never seen someone be so so rude to a guest and then not comp something. My partner is an executive chef and when I ran this situation by him he said that this behavior was inexcusable. I enjoy Frida and recognize that everyone has bad days but I wanted to touch base with their management before putting them on blast via Yelp. I live in the area so supporting local business is important to me. 
My message was never responded to so naturally I assume management DIGAF about a bad Yelp review. Just go across the street for A+ food from Los Gallos but get a few drinks at Frida. The best of both worlds! It's worth nothing that nothing about the restaurant has anything to do with Frida Kahlo; there is an actual Frida cook-book if you want to cook her meals. This spot just put up a few of her paintings on the walls and called it a day.I have only ever been here for the bar, so I will leave a food review out of this. The bartenders are amazing and very friendly. You may be subjected to a shift change that leaves you with a server that is not qualified to tend bar. I recommend you do not come at these times.  One waitress has the social skills of an autistic turtle and has no business pouring a beer. The other shows up to work stoned out of her gourd, eats and texts on her phone in the bar area, and will not serve you because of previous mentioned activities.  Again, I can not comment on the food. The usual (male) bartenders are very friendly and helpful. The waite staff, not so much.  Have fun!Ordered the shrimp and onions, which is $16. It came with rice, 6 shrimps, and a salad. The shrimp lacked flavor and looked unappetizing. As expected, it is just shrimp and onions. The rice is average, but tastes slightly old. The peas in the rice are dried up. The meal is okay, but I won't come back for it. I think los gallos, across the street, is better priced for their taste and quantity.Surprisingly very good! 
Loved the hibiscus and blueberry margaritas. Guacamole is not on the menu but it is definitely a must try! We had the al pastor tacos and they're filling amd very tasyFirst time at Fried Cantina and it definitely would be a place I would come back to. Went on a Friday night around 7' o'clock and the place wasn't overcrowded. They only had one server but she was very good at keeping up with all the tables. We started off with drinks ( classic margarita & pineapple margarita) both were good. For a appetizer we tried the Coctel de camaron it comes with the shrimp inside of a tomato sauce, avocado, onions and cilantro. Also a side of salted crackers and limes. I ordered the flautas (tinga) we also ordered the Barbacoa and consome. Every single item coming out of that kitchen was amazing!!!! The green and red sauce were good but I would definitely say that the red sauce was my favorite! The consome came with a side of cilantro, onions and limes. I must say that's the best consome I ever had!!! The service and the food were all Great!If you want to get good drinks without spending too much , come here Monday- Friday before 6 for happy hour. I had mojito and it's perfectly refreshing. Staff was very attentive and helpful. Good and spicy red salsa served with chips.
Guacamole is ok. Carnitas burrito is mediocre. Had little pieces of pork mostly fat.
I ordered salad with shrimp. They asked me how many shrimps I wanted. Shrimps are big and perfectly cooked 
In summary, I recommend the drinks but not the food.Where do I even start!? The food was amazing! Very fresh and authentic. My drink was super strong (not complaining lol). The place itself is so cute and a very comfortable vibe. But best of all was our service. Impeccable! We were basically catered to the whole time, perfectly. Very attentive and very kind. I highly recommend this place!!My husband and I met up with our friends at Frida Cantina for a quick drink before our dinner reservations at another nearby establishment. What a gem! The decor is bright, festive and inviting. Though we weren't there for very long, I was really impressed and can't wait to go back for a meal sometime soon! 
We sat at the bar and the list of cocktails looked delicious. I wasn't drinking alcohol, so asked the bartender if I could possibly get something off the menu. He didn't hesitate and within a few seconds, I had a gorgeous hibiscus drink of my own, complete with a very tasty rim! 
If the food is anything like the drinks, I will be very happy. Can't wait to return soon!