The continental breakfast was great, with a combination of cured meats and cheeses, with some really stellar breads. My only quibble is that there wasn't enough bread for all of the great toppings. And, a little fresh fruit would go a long way here. Otherwise, all of the ingredients were fresh and tasted awesome. Coffee was hot and very well brewed, smooth. Service was solicitous and friendly. Will definitely come again.Wonder place. Opened only about 4 months ago it is sure a crowd pleaser. We walked in and were completely taken away by the atmosphere and the deserts (lol). Overall we had a great experience and plan to be back. Located just within Society Hill- Frieda is a must!! Thanks for the awesome service!Beautiful plating and delicious food. It has a kind of Nordic-country feel with minimalist designs and healthy, protein rich/vegetable laden options.
I got the continental breakfast which was about $15 and included a lovely spread of salmon, chèvre cheese, prosciutto, a hard cheese, and four pieces of brioche toast (warm and crispy) as well as a croissant. It was arranged in small and appealing portions and satisfied the part of me that likes to nibble on different things like a little forager.
The environment is welcoming and beautiful and I was able to get some work done as well in the serene setting, complete with a flautist, (I know, what is this place?)!
Highly recommend.I'm a little torn...I really wanted to love this place. My review is only for Afternoon Tea. It was very underwhelming for $25 pp. Our waiter was very nice but, I don't know, I just felt taken advantage of based on the amount of food you get for $25. If I just want a cup of coffee and a pastry "maybe" I'll go back...My furry paws couldn't get enough of the Apple French Toast with butterscotch syrup and homemade whipped cream!  Savory salmon croissant was also delish!  Recommend stopping in for a baked snack meow!Had a nice gazpacho here on a lazy Sunday afternoon. Interior is airy and modern. I was surprised at how few other customers there were when I visited.It's a cute place with a good mission. The prices are surprisingly reasonable, maybe just in comparison to New York prices, but not inflated despite their practice of paying fair wages. It seemed pretty empty mid-morning on a weekday, although there was a steady stream of takeout customers. They're not super fast with coffees, and it's not a quick In-and-out place. The latte was very good, pretty strong, not overly milky like they often are. The pastries were pretty good. The carrot cake was delicious and fresh, the frosting was too bland for my taste, more plain vanilla than cream cheesy. I also tried a decent banana twist thing. They also do some prepared foods. It's in an unmarked building and is a nice, bright, simply decorated space. It's a nice area to walk around, with lots of gardens and public parks.Came here for the weekend brunch, and I was so pleased with my choice. 
First of all, I was attracted to the layout and decorations of this place. It has very simple and clean cut design, high callings with lots of natural lights. The main color is white and gray.
We were seated immediately. Our server was very nice and friendly. I ordered the Frieda mushroom toast, it was delicious!!! My friend ordered continental breakfast (I think), it was also good, but we both agreed that the mushroom toast is better. 
The price is average in the old city neighborhood, so it's pretty reasonable given the friendly service and deliciousness of the food. 
I can't wait to go back soon!In town with my 11 year old & we were looking for something close to the hotel (Hilton). Frieda had solid reviews so we walked over without really looking at the menu or photos of the plates. 
We were in the mood for your standard pancakes, waffles, eggs benny, etc... and this place is definitely not that. However the food is excellent, well prepared and overall we left satisfied with our choice. 
Advice: look at the menu prior to coming and you'll be happy you came.Our family of five stopped at Frieda's for brunch after catching a matinee at the Walnut St Theater.  The menus had so many delicious looking options that it took us longer than usual to order.  We ended up splitting a piece of their signature almond cake as an appetizer--each of got a few bites of the cake which was wonderfully moist and flavorful with a decadent buttercream frosting.  Menu options range from sweet (French toast with tasty butterscotch syrup) to savory (many quiche and egg options). Portions were generous and staff were friendly and attentive.  Definitely recommended!Love the design of the building, very urban chic.  Really good service, nice latte with the milk at the ideal temperature (my pet hate when the latte is too hot!). Serious flaw, however, they use singable use plastics which is such a problem for our oceansThis new little cafe/restaurant has made a huge difference in our community.  It is a meeting place for many that feels like home. The menu is just right for lite eating, as are the coffee and sweets.  All made fresh every day.  It's an interesting space, open and light and a great place to sit and read and talk to others.
On the weekends there are specials, and their quiche is wonderful.Best cafe in Philly! Great espresso and cappuccino, fresh baked goods, farm to table style breakfast and lunch, all served in a tranquil, open setting. You can't ask for more.Everything I ate here was heavenly! Flakey pastries, tasty jam, amazing quiche. Check out this little place in a quiet part of Old City!This is the best brunch place I've ever! Food is tasty, healthy and fulfilling!! Definitely recommend!!!Best scones and croissants in Philadelphia. Very nice atmosphere and sweet staff. Would recommend the lemon poppyseed scones with the lemon curd.Best croissants and chocolate croissants in town. I know what I am talking about, I am from Paris. :D
Other pastries are also really tasty. It's not very surprising. The chef is French and everything is made from scratch.
Food menu worth also the try, even though the portions are not... American. It can seems pricy but regarding the quality of the ingredients and the preparation, I think it's quite fair. And the place is absolutely gorgeous. Modern, classy, with Scandinavian influences.
-》 don't wait. Just goDid not check the time before going, but only had to wait a few minutes. Had the American omelette. Delicious. Josh was awesome, very friendly. Everyone was friendly. Would go back.This gem is on the block by itself.  As such, it feels like a secret discovered when you find it. The space is huge and clean, I absolutely adore the ambiance.  The staff is incredibly kind and welcoming and personable, and they were throughout the meal.  To the food... OMG! The croissants are fantastic and remind me of driving through Southern France.  The mushroom toast is the real prize here...  It was cold and rainy and snowy outside, and the mushroom toast warmed my soul from my toes to my ears.  Life is far too short to miss a place like this for breakfast.  Oh, and the coffee was spectacular.  Go here.  Go here now.Food: delicious! I had the poached eggs with vegetables and pesto, side of chorizo. All amazing!
Staff: unmatched! Aside from being incredibly friendly and providing good service, they feel like a family here. One of the servers overheard us talking about museums, asked if we were from out of town (we are) and had a huddle with some of the other servers to offer us their recommends for restaurants, bars, and museums. We've hit a couple of these recommends, and they nailed it!We are visiting from out of town and ended up here with my dad and two kids. The food, service and ambience here were amazing!!!! If we were from the area this would be our regular breakfast place. So good!!!!Friendly staff and great, open bright space. Can be a bit loud when crowded. Delicious, simple and thoughtful food. It's great that they have a identify and focus and execute well on it.  I was in town for a conference and ended up coming here multiple times. Chutney and croissant are on point!Absolutely loved this place. Friendly staff who actually pay attention to you, very cool design, quiet and calm place. Not to mention the delicious food. I highly recommend this place to anyone in the area.Great place! Mkay :) coffee, breakfast, even events. Very friendly atmosphere. You can't go wrong stopping by thereA unique coffee house with a mission: to connect generations in a classic coffee house setting. An article online describes it as a "social enterprise start-up" and emphasizes the store as a means to help benefit the community. 
The inside feels a bit like an art installation. There is an area for kids to play and also plenty of open space. 
It's definitely worth checking out if you want something other than the standard corporate coffee house vibe. The coffee is definitely of higher quality.Absolutely divine - 5 stars! From the perfectly dressed salad to my favorite salmon quiche I've ever had. Bravo!Excellent! Delicious tuna salad sandwich on gluten free bread and goat cheese salad. Great service, beautiful presentation. Did not know what to expect when we came to check it out. Very pleasant surprise.I walked over here during my lunch break. This is a wide open space nestled on the edge of the tourist attractions that is a good spot for a breather. I treated myself to the quiche and a cup of tea. The quiche was perfectly cooked and flaky and I ordered it with a side salad. There were a lot of options for tea choices and the server provided a good recommendation. I will return.Great place to grab a quick coffee, snack, or stay for a longer sit-down meal. Their brunch is great. The place has this European vibe to it.
They have special events or themed happenings, like chess or German-speaking. It's quirky and I like it.Loved everything about this place! Some people were reading books and some people were chatting. The place looks bright and feels zen. The staff made me feel so relaxed - you would think I'm reviewing a spa but this place has amazing coffee and fresh baked goods and pastries. I can't wait to go back!What a great find ! Cool place -excellent food and service and very affordable ! A must see ! Thank you for a lovely brunch !This place is a gem. I love the concept of bringing the generations together. So wonderful. It made me reflect on how rare it is. The food was super fresh, beautifully presented, and completely delicious. Such a find.The BEST lemon curd EVER and you can buy it in a jar to take home.  Excellent scones as well.  Great vibe.  Comfy and lovely.  Can't wait to have high tea there.I'm slightly afraid people are going to catch on to this place, but damn its good. The owner, Tina, is this spunky little lady with orange hair and matching handbags. This is a confusing place that doesn't neatly fit into any category. Food is on point and priced reasonably. The clientele looks totally unlike any place I've been to in Philly. Go here.This one is a keeper. Been here multiple times for breakfast and lunch. The service is excellent. Very friendly and attentive staff.  Now the food. It has a French flair to it combining healthy with traditional. The bakery is to die for. Brings me back to my visits to Paris.  Want to smoke a tiny cigarette wearing my French beret. Really takes me back.  Seriously it does give you that feel. The food is not complicated but everything I have had there over multiple times has been awesome. 
The Chef Owner is the real deal. Probably could open up a full service restaurant with his talent and support staff and be very successful. But I get it. They choose quality over anything else. And they totally give back to the community.Great little restaurant, Spartan look goes with ikea like furniture - wait staff was helpful but a bit inexperienced. The continental breakfast was.., surprisingly tasty, inventive and frankly bowled me over. I would highly recommend this as a nice surprise and should be tried.This is a cool and charming venue for coffee, tea, breakfast, brunch or lunch.  You watch the pastry chef making the goodies while you sit back in a large, industrial, open kitchen venue.  I had the beet salad (perfect combination of flavors and a hefty portion) and the orange flourless cake (I took mine without the icing as they were just being prepared and I had a choice).  Everything we tasted was delicious and the staff was friendly and attentive.Flakey, buttery croissants, berry jam that I could drink straight from a jar. Delicious coffee. Terrific food all around. Warm, cozy and community-focused. A European vibe with a neighborhood feel. I love everything about it.The croissants are delicious! Quiche Lorraine also amazing. Loved the atmosphere! Friendly staff!Love love love this cafe...I have been here on several occasions.  Minimalist by design.  Coffee is great.  Had the quiche Lorraine and salad 3 times, a chocolate croissant and the orange cake twice now.  Uhmmm...that orange cake is to die for...understated sweet with bits of orange rind in the cake...SO good.  They are going to make me fat! :) It's probably a good thing I don't live in the neighborhood but they make me want to!Such a sweet brunch/lunch spot. The staff were all very kind and patiently answered all our questions about the menu before we ordered. The food was delicious and the tea was great!! We ordered a pot of earl grey tea to share b/w two people. I highly recommend the beet/goat cheese salad.From the first time on to this day, l always have a unique experience at Frieda. Mostly l stop for a good cup of coffee and read the NYT. I meet people, now friends, to share a story. My wife and I, joined a French conversation group that we enjoy. I invite friends for lunch. Recently we were at the opening  of a portrait exhibition  by a Philadelphia artist. Lunch prepared by French chef David (co-owner) is prepared using local ingredients and delicious. As to Thomas (co-owner) he is charming and engaging, always looking for new ideas on how to connect people.
My only connection to Frieda cafe is my own discovery. It is not your usual coffee place. Step in, be open and discover for yourself.
Samy Rabinovic, PhiladelphiaDelicious coffee (americano) and croissants. Place is super cute and has a good vibe!Love this place. Great European vibe. Fantastic coffee, great for lunch or breakfast. Croissants and pastries to die for. Yummy quiches. How lucky am I that I work a block away???Great place, and relatively affordable. The quiche and the home style potatoes were delicious.I first heard about Frieda from my mom who bought me a couple chutneys and pastries from the cafe, which were super tasty. It took me a while to finally try it out in person and the brunch did not disappoint. Everything was amazing, especially the croissants and the atmosphere is clean and modern.I came here while checking out all of the historic sites. Really open inside.  If you are looking for quality ingredients, fresh brewed beverages, and an affordable price, this is your place. Food was good, place want too busy, and the service was nice.YUM!! The best coffee I've had since I got back to the US. Very tasty granola and yogurt for breakfast, and the croissants were luscious!!This lovely spot was a welcome discovery for both the eyes and the tastebuds. We had a very restorative cup of tea and ogled the pastries on offer. The care put into the food seems tops. The atmosphere was gorgeous and artsy. An all around win!I've been here quite a few times on my own and with friends and family and have only had wonderful experiences. The food is delicious and reasonably priced, the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is tranquil and lovely. I love that they have the New York Times available to read. If you stop by, you must try the chocolate almond croissant.I love, love, love Frieda's. The help is efficient and very friendly. The vibe is relaxing and understated. The food is sublime and so very fresh. The pastries are to die for and my granddaughter refuses to eat anyone else's chocolate croissants. The owners, Thomas and David are gracious and lovely people. We eat here at least once a week and we will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. I almost hate to leave this review, because I want to keep this place to myself!My wife and I went in for breakfast and she got the French Toast and I got the Continental Breakfast.  The staff was so friendly and both of our breakfasts were so delicious.  The Continental Breakfast is not typical but it's so good and flavorful!  The French Toast had a great caramel sauce.  The iced chais were a little watered down but that was the only downside.Frieda's is a warm, welcoming space, despite the austere industrial decor.  On my two visits, I have seen groups of people making crafts and playing games--all of which is welcome!  The fare is simple yet yummy cafe food.  On my first visit, I only had a latte, but I was intrigued.  Returning for lunch, I had a beet and goat cheese salad (the vinigrette was a bit too acidic) and a soup which was described as mushroom, but contained oodles of fresh veggies.  Delish!  For dessert, I had the flourless lemon cake with cream cheese frosting.  Divine.  Frieda is a super cafe in every way....I even watched five staff members chase down a thief who had stolen a credit card!  I will be back!!!Everything about this place was exceptional.  Really wish there was one in my city and even better neighborhood.Good bakery, pastry place in Philly. The Smoked Salmon Quiche was delish. Service was OK.Absolutely love this place. Had brunch there once and am going back today. Food and service were impeccable, a welcome respite from the rather slap dash approach of some places. I cook and don't like to pay money for something I can make at home. Well, the chef at Frieda's has a Continental flair I lack. Omelette, potatoes, croissant, coffee all are outstanding. Pastries looked like something from a Parisian shop. PS There is an open kitchen. Watching chef work is a treat.What a beautiful space with an even better mission: reconnecting all generations :) I'm a huge proponent of connecting everyone and creating a feeling of unity no matter our age, sex, background... 
I didn't even know about the extra sweet depth of this place when I first went in for a brunch dish (the Quiche Lorraine is excellent!) but now that I do, I'm excited to go back for a class or workshop! 
It's a big space, very simple, pleasant, and clean decor. The staff was very friendly and attentive and the food was delicious. I will definitely be back!Ordered the turkey on a croissant and the peach iced tea on a lovely Tuesday afternoon. The cafe itself is very clean and modern, with a cute display of their signature chutney. Once the food came out, I was surprised. Portions are small here, but the sandwich was only 5 dollars, and the iced tea was only 3.75. The sandwich was delicious. The croissant was buttery, crunchy on the top, but flaky on the inside. There was a subtle sweetness to it that complemented the Dijon mustard. The combination of the sweet chutney against the creamy Brie and hearty turkey was amazing. The simplicity of a sandwich was elevated through use of high quality ingredients. The owner was also present when I was at the cafe; it was hard to miss her with her vibrant orange hair. Overall, my experience at Frieda was one to be remembered.I went to Fredas for breakfast this morning. I would say that the food is very well prepared at this establishment but the prices are rather high for what you get. It is definitely a relaxed atmosphere because the service is quite slow. You really need to have plenty of time to eat here. I do need to make a strong comment. My order was taking a little while to be prepared and I needed to ask for a takeout cup for my coffee in order to leave. I was actually charged $1.25 for each takeout cup on top of the $20 that I paid for my breakfast I really feel that as a patron in a moderate priced eatery this charge should be overlooked.
Very small/ minded. Frieda's has lost a customer.This place is absolutely amazing!! 
They really stick to the concept of being neither a cafe or restaurant or shop etc. but more a combination of each. 
As soon as you walk in, you can tell there is really an aesthetic, consisting of crisp white walls, but also the open space of a warehouse. The chairs and tables also provide a "clean" and minimal environment. 
The staff at Frieda is super helpful and friendly and we were able to pick wherever we wanted to sit (the place was a bit empty at 4pm on Tues).
Friend and I had our hearts set on the bread basket (which comes with an assortment of toast, croissants, other breads along with fresh jam) once we saw it. But I'd love to come back and try their brunch menu or the desserts, which looked decadent. 
Everything in the assortment was amazing, but the almond croissant had to be my favorite-with the flaky outside and soft almond inside.
We also went and bought some of their pins that they sell in the shop area of the place. They also sell their jams too!
This place is easy to reach (roughly 3 blocks) if you ride from the Market-Frankford line as wellStaff was so friendly and helpful. A very minimalist design that is still bright and inviting.  Food was delicious. Highly recommend the mushroom bread pudding with poached eggs. Bread pudding was savory, moist and reminiscent of the best Thanksgiving stuffing. Mushrooms, gruyere cheese sauce and poached eggs were decadent, but not overly rich. The cafe also has a great mission of bringing generations together and offering fair wages.What an interesting place. Large open space, 20 foot ceiling, very modern and IKEA-ish. Food options are healthy, and my meal was very nice. Coffee was good as was the orange cake. No WiFi. Check it out.Discovered visiting Philly. Great place for breakfast and coffee. Pleasant staff, zen environment, and delicious baked goods. What more would you want.A beautiful light-filled airy space. They have fantastic pastries and baked goods. The coffee is also wonderful. They also have a very innovative lineup of all different kinds of events and workshops including language groups, arts and crafts movie nights. Great spot!We came in around 12 for lunch on a Saturday and the atmosphere was great! The staff was really friendly & food was delicious. Ordered the egg white omelet that had lots of toppings and their homemade jam for toast is def worth a try!This place has great brunch food and amazing gluten free. Their juice has honeydew, lemon, cantaloupe, and pineapple and is very delicious. The ambiance and decor of the place is very welcoming. Lastly they have gluten free toast that can be made into French toast. The staff is very helpful.Fantastic menu, prepared with care add transparently. Starts with fresh and high-quality ingredients. Coffee drinks are a perfect pairing with the sweeter breakfast menu items!Just a simple French omelette done to perfection. The simplicity of egg and cheese done to an art. A splash of peppercorns to elevate the outstanding flavor. Served with fresh fruit toast and amazing preserves was the perfect breakfast.4-1/2 stars. Delicious food, beautifully presented with excellent service. Beautiful, clean, bright, open atmosphere- very welcoming & pleasant. LOVED our breakfast & would go back in a N.Y. minute. Highly recommended & deserving of praise.This was a great find. Great food and service.  Home baked goods excellent. Good strong coffee. Nice atmosphereDon't miss this cafe for breakfast or lunch (all afternoon) - truly good food. Croque Monsier - high quality delicious ham, fabulous cheese, brioche - a very special, rich, irresistible bite after bite. My mother enjoyed her Frieda which was sautéed mushrooms in soft cheese on bread like an eggs Benedict. She ate every bite. 
Very pleasant interior, a mix of clean&modern, classy, and artsy/hip. 
Extra bonus - it's like an art collective / food artist collective which provides work for people who need additional work to make ends meet, many of whom are retired. 
So do good by eating well!The food is out of this world. Had the French toast and almond chocolate croissant and it was phenomenal. The egg white omelette and oatmeal was pretty good too.FREIDAs is the best. I hosted a private event there for the morning after our wedding. It was the PERFECT way to end the best weekend ever. The staff is lovely, kind and accommodating. They kept bringing out hot food and making sure everything was full.  DAVID is so nice, too. Thank you, FREIDA.Service was slow for a Saturday brunch, but our waiter was very friendly and nice. There was a lot of confusion when we first arrived, as they told us that we'd have to wait 30-40 minutes to eat, but then seated us at a table in the front. Despite the confusion, we managed to order some quick bites before eating our meal. 
The scone was good. Not too dry, but nothing spectacular. Our main order, the turkey croissant and the smoked salmon quiche came out long after our scone. The smoked salmon quiche was amazing. Definitely the best thing I tried there. It was flavorful and warm and everything I ever wanted in a quiche. The turkey croissant -- not so much. It reminded me of the cheap croissant sandwiches you can buy at train stations. 
Overall, I'm unsure if I'll come back. The quiche and service were awesome, but but the other food I tried was mediocre. It wasn't worth the long wait to eat.We've been enjoying the wonderful food at Frieda's for the past few months. The service is great, as is the vibe. This afternoon, we had the Afternoon Tea for our bookclub. There were 6 of us. At $25 per person, it was a fabulous value. Thomas, the owner, and David, the chef, prepared a marvelous meal. They serve lovely tea as well. I can't recommend Frieda Cafe enough. Check it out everyone!This place is adorable!!! At first when you pass by, it looks more like a small store than a restaurant, but once you walk in you can see the cafe behind all of their items for sale (which are very cute). 
The vibe is great here - the staff is so friendly and they have a wide selection of food on their menu. All of their baked items looked delicious - if we were hungrier, we definitely would have ordered some to start with. The oat latte was delicious, and my boyfriend and I both loved our breakfast (we both got avocado toast, but he added an egg on his). The ambiance made this experience so much better - lots of art on the walls and they are painted bright white, which is lovely. 
I would highly recommend this place to anyone, just wouldn't recommend coming with a large group. I will be back next time I come to Philadelphia!Live FRIEDA!  We come here frequently because the menu, food, and staff are all excellent.  Healthy options as well as indulgences. Great neighborhood spot where you can eat good food, catch up with friends and relax!Honestly. This was the best breakfast I've had in philly. The waitress was so great I was in a time crunch and she made sure I got out in time. Kind service, great food, amazing atmosphere.Worst service ever. Getting menus .. challenging. Getting service to order .. next to impossible. Food .. My friend's order arrived before mine and our food took about 35 minutes to arrive. When my order did arrive it was wrong and I had to send it back and cancel as my friend was just about finished eating. They did continue to charge me for the extra ham. Recommendation? Avoid.Excellent service, every one is helpful and nice. Great avocado toast. Chocolate almond croissants and coffee all good