Came here for dinner with girlfriends and was very happy with the health conscious menu. Naturally I chose the most unhealthy and went for the buffalo cauliflower appetizer. It's some of the best I've ever had. Great texture and not overly spicy. The shaved carrot is a perfect compliment. 
Salads are huge. The Greek salad is awesome. Drinks were strong. Overall recommend. 
They had live music (Friday night). And it seems like there's an outdoor space that's open in the warmer months.Cool place in a hip neighborhood.  Open at 7am, kitchen at 8am.  Relaxed place to read before the crowds get in.  Large outdoor terrace.  I have already had the Açaí Bowl and the Front Street Breakfast.  Both were excellent.  Recommended!I'm shocked at these stellar reviews.   
Ventured out to fishtown specifically to try Front Street Cafe.  I had seen a write up about it and the healthy/vegan options sounded appealing.  
We were sat and I looked at the table (very close to us) and saw the shrimp and grits and immediately got a little worried.  It looked absolutely horrible. Our server was very friendly, and we ordered a juice and a chai latte.  I have to say this was one of the absolute best chai's I've had.  If only the food measured up.  
I asked the server what was the most popular dish.  She RAVED about the grain bowl which sounded healthy and delicious.  She actually said people "lick the plate."  I am so confused at what they were eating.  It came out and the "grains" were simply dried rice with some beans thrown on a tostado (soggy) with some greens on top and a cream sauce.  The presentation was terrible (as per my photo) and the food was super bland and not at all fresh.  
We also tried the soup of the day which was described as a "spicy african stew."  It came out in this odd HUGE soup bow that was filled with the tiniest amount of soup.  It was barely luke warm, but I don't send things back so we kept it.  The waitress must have not had stew before, because this was simply vegetable soup.  We both tried it and said the same thing "needs salt" which is kind of 101 in the culinary world.  It was watery and was spicy like she described but completely lack luster.  Probably the first time I ever left soup in the bowl.   
Lastly, we tried to vegan sides.  The scrapple and the bacon mushrooms.  The bacon mushrooms tasted like sugar mushroom and were completely soggy.  If you're looking for the BEST vegan bacon go a little farther to memphis taproom.  The "bacon" here is just sad.  The scrapple was not bad.  It was mushroom and some lentils but again could really use some seasoning.  
This place would really benefit from having the chefs learn how to properly season and use some herbs.  I felt like I ate air.  I wouldn't ever eat here again but I'd definitely go to the cafe in front as I loved the chai and they have lots of cold pressed juices and kombucha.  In a city with SO many vegan options and plenty of places for good food, skip this one.We stumbled upon this place when the bar we originally wanted to go to had an hour wait for a table. They were able to immediately seat 8 of us in the back patio. The outdoor area is adorable and the umbrellas were clutch on the first 80 degree day of the year. Good drink options for reasonable prices. We also got the buffalo cauliflower (awesome!!), chipotle turkey burger with shoestring fries, and the beef burger with a side salad. All of the food was delicious. Will definitely come back on the next warm day to enjoy their outdoor space.Amazing! The grilled cheese, buffalo cauliflower, burger, turkey burger, and soup all were absolutely delicious. Their apple spiced kombucha on tap was like Christmas in a cup, even the kids liked it. Service was wonderful and even on a Saturday with the place full of people we got our food quickly and with a smile. Coffee and hot chocolate was really good as well. We will be back here for sure!Brunch food was okay, nothing great.  My eggs benny was average at best.  The scrapple wasn't good and the hollandaise tasted like mustard.    I also prefer potatoes with it, not a side salad.  Price was slightly high for the amount of food.  The place is very nice inside and the coffee is good.  Service was on the slow side.
It's a decent place for vegans but if you don't have food restrictions, there are much better places in Philly for brunch.We entered this restaurant for a first Friday viewing and chose to stay for dinner. We chose the outdoor seating as it was a pleasant summer evening and loved the ambience. Very romantic and great for a date night. There is seating inside as well as on the second level. 
The drink menu has a Good selection of beers, wines and cocktails. The food menu is a vegan's delight and I would suggest all vegans to give this place a try. There are poultry and meat options as well. We tried the Queso and the fried chicken burger and both were delicious. I would like to try them for brunch sometime.We made reservations for 8pm and ended up waiting 40 mins until we realized it wasn't worth it. If you make a reservation don't count on be seated on time. Never coming here again.While I want to love this place I've become frustrated lately with the fact that there always seems to be an extraordinarily long wait complete with at least 5 empty and open tables that are not being used. It's great that more and more people seem to be learning about front street but I'd really love it if management would simply hire enough staff to service the demand. 
Regarding the food, it's typically great. I recommend the buffalo cauliflower as does everyone. Don't sleep on the turkey burger either. Solid place if you can get a table.Gorgeous restaurant bar and cafe..well rounded menu definitely a new favorite and welcome addition to the fishtown dining establishment..Loved everything about this place; warm, rustic atmosphere; unique menu with fresh ingredients, attentive and knowledgable staff. 
Cocktails were the only thing that weren't very impressive for the price.
Food: 
Le salad was a delicious mix with Granny Smiths, vegan mushroom bacon, and a seedy mustard dressing with a poached egg on top. The egg really pulled this dish together, highly recommended! Good size salad for sharing.
Vegan queso dip was a bowl of smoked black beans topped with cashew cheese and avocado with fresh tortilla chips. So so good, and my bf couldn't believe the cheese wasn't real. Also a good size portion for sharing.
Dinner: so I originally ordered the pecan crusted oyster mushroom entree but they ran out :( I was disappointed only because I wanted to try the dish but whenever a restaurant runs out of something I think it goes to show how fresh the ingredients really are that they don't have a stash frozen in the back!
Veggie burger was unbelievable with all the flavors. Soft light bun, aioli, pickles, quinoa and grain blend burger with a hint of chipotle, marinated lettuce and a tomato jam for just a bit of sweetness. So many different flavors but they came together beautifully! Also got a side of sweet potato coconut soup...creamy with just a hint of sweet, so good!
My bf got the duck which I did not try but he cleaned the plate. Fat was cooked on with the jus made into a gravy over mashed potatoes with broccoli raab made unlike he'd ever had. 
We loved this place! No room for dessert but would absolutely return to try again!The food was good but the service was NOT. A fly flew into my friend's drink (which was half finished) and the server laughed at her then proceeded to bring a her a new drink only half-way filled to where it was before, and charged her for 2 drinks!!!! Will absolutely be taking my service elsewhere.This place is amazing! I had the vegan eggs benedict and my friend had the eggs benedict with eggs & bacon and we were both blown away. The menu has plenty vegan & vegetarian options as well as dishes for meat eaters, so everyone wins! 
We sat outside at a table in the shade and the atmosphere was very pleasant. The music they were playing fit the Sunday afternoon mood and the food was delicious. We went around 2pm for lunch so missed the rush and our service was very fast. Overall, I had a great experience here for brunch and will definitely return!Located in what looks to be a slowly started gentrification of this part of Kensington, Front Street Cafe is a nice spot to stop for a bite to eat. 
Stopped by today and was promptly greeted by a friendly host who sat us in a window booth. Looking out across the street, we were able to espy the colorful wall art painted in the side of a wall. Definitely that urban vibe throughout. 
Inside is clear and modern, metal accents and chunky wood effortlessly mix to render that warm, yet stylish decor. 
Food offered; tostada quinoa salad with a side of grilled chicken, veggie tacos, hamburger with fries (all was fantastic). Cocktails were vodka-club with lime and a gin and tonic. 
Total was $60-ish, not including tip. 
Would definitely return if I was in that area again.So glad that we got a new spot in our lovely Fishtown! Last week decide to stopped by and get some casual dinner, great deal for happy hour wine($5) and tasty food! Happy hour is not only for the bar area and for the tables too. For appetizer we got picked vegetables, it was a great selection of different veggies: cauliflower, pickles, carrots, turnip, onion, beets, green beans! For the main course we got a kale Caesar salad with grilled chicken and fried chicken sandwich and it was delicious! The salad dressing was perfect even though I am not big fan of Caesar dressings... Fried chicken was heavy but for the cold weather it was a good choice! Also I saw a lot of people getting this sandwich so it's very very good one! If you'll be around please check this place!Promising, but food is just okay (donuts horrible, but that's not a focus). Could take over the neighborhood if they spruced up menu with more options and some more traditional options. Also, why does the entire staff literally look like they never shower? Gross.  On a happy note, coffee is awesome and the baristas are always amazingNestled in the middle of an unassuming area, you will find a cute restaurant with a spacious heated outside seating and bar area. Although the heat lamps outside could have been warmer and the bartender could have been more attentive, my friend and I had an enjoyable time at dinner. The drinks menu is extensive and interesting: I got the Golden Monkey beer and my friend got the Nikita cocktail, which I HIGHLY recommend. The combination of Faber vodka, Irishman's, chai, and star anise made it incredibly delicious and unique. The beer was quite tasty as well, with hints of banana (I'm not from Philly so this beer is new to me.) In terms of food, we shared the eggplant roulade and kale spaghetti with creamy pumpkin sauce. Both were very tasty. I love restaurants with interesting items on the menu, and this is definitely such a place. It is also extremely vegetarian and vegan friendly with plenty of dairy free and meatless options (both the roulade and pasta were vegan). My friend and I also shared a vegan donut at the cafe upfront for dessert afterwards, bringing a sweet ending to a great night.Great looking venue but the food is sub par. I ordered the Grain Salad. I was told before hand that they were out of avocado (a main ingredient) but the salad arrived without the poached egg and tomato as well. I sent it back, something I have rarely done. I ordered the beet salad that my friend had...it looked beautiful served on a wooden board...mine arrived on a measly little white plate. Adequate. If you go, go for the drinks and skip the food.My boyfriend and I went in for brunch and sat right away at the bar. We ordered our drinks and food a minute after siting down. The drinks came quick and tasted delicious. Two couples walked in  5 minutes after us and ordered right away as well. My boyfriend and I waited 40 minutes for our egg sandwiches while we watched the two couples who came in after us receiving their orders. Needless to say my boyfriend placed some cash on the bar to cover our drinks and we left. Very very disappointed because we were looking forward to trying a new place.OMG YUM. Front Street is amazing- I came here after a coworker (who I call the Mayor of Fishtown, because she knows EVERTHING about the area) recommended it for brunch. So that Saturday we decided to venture from our usual northern libs spots and go over the Front Street and I cannot tell you how great it was. 
They have a TON of vegan + non-vegan options. I can't tell you how excited I am to give the Banana Foster pancakes a go. I had the vegan eggs benedict (yes you heard that correct) and the mushroom bacon on the side. It's still good, but i was really hoping for a portabello + soy "bacon" selection, but instead it tasted like the mushrooms were thrown into a dehydrator so they were probably much healthier than my pan seared recommendation. The eggs bene was top notch, and they also gave you hot sauce on the side to give it a little kick. Their tofu was a lot different than versions I've made myself or tried before. They tasted slightly fluffier and like they went a little easier on the turmeric (the ingredient that makes it yellow). I will definitely experiment with my recipe more after having theirs. 
We also had a set of bloody marys which definitely brought the heat, and were loaded with veggies + olives so I have no complaints. 
They could really improve on their speed to service -  I called an hour prior to arriving, and was told it would be at most a 30 minute wait, when it ended up being an hour and a half. We also had 5 waiters/waitresses walk past us before saying hello. I completely empathaize with a busy restaurant because I have been there myself, but just a simple "hello, sorry no one has helped you yet, here are 2 waters while you wait for your waitress/waitor" would have made all of the difference in the world. I'm also not a fan of the price, I get that Front Street is a more *trendy* brunch option, but $80 after tip for 2 entrees, 2 bloodys, and a side is just too much for me. 
I would return here again for special occasions, but definitely not ready to make this my weekly brunch spot.I really want to like this place but it definitely has some serious issues. My first experience was awesome but my several other experiences since have been nothing but disappointing. Quite frankly,  this place is over-rated, inconsistent, and lacks hospitality. The first time I had the buffalo sriracha cauliflower it blew me away. The next two times, it was never the same and the flavor was bland. On one occasion I visited this restaurant, a tall dark haired bearded man who appeared to be a manager told me I had to leave the bar and sit on the other side if I wasn't drinking alcohol or ordering an entree. I was drinking coffee and eating a bagel and it was a Tuesday afternoon and nearly every seat at the bar was completely empty. This is no way to treat a customer. Interestingly, my girlfriend got out of work early and arrived a few minutes later and we moved back to the bar and this same man left us waiting 15 minutes between each time he checked in on us. There are definitely some things I do like. The interior of this place is beautiful and so is the outside patio. The ginger lime coconut rum cocktails are amazing. Front Street Cafe has a lot going for it but at the end of the day the food is inconsistent and the staff is just not that friendly. My girlfriend and I get a bad vibe from this place and have decided to not continue going.I'm giving it a 4 because the wait for us to be outside didn't make any sense considering it's first come first served and we had been at the cafe for well over a half hour and then when we got seated (3 of us) there were at least 4 empty tables outside...
Food was good overall, I got the Front Street Breakfast, it's doesn't list that toast comes with it so if you're gluten free be sure to make that clear up front. I tried my first ever Bloody Mary and no vegetables came with it which I thought was lame. It tasted like cocktail sauce and I have since been advised by other Bloody Mary fans that I was given a poor example for my first try. Our waitress was great, no complaint there.I'm a local and have been in 3 times so far. Bottom line (understanding and appreciating that they are still working out service/operations), they are totally overpriced to feel sustainable for the neighborhood. It's annoying and a deterrent. Got the vegan tacos today for $12 and when I asked for salsa I was informed that was a $1 up charge... Tacos down the block at Heffe's stand are $6 for 2. Seems like it would make more sense for the space to price reasonably so as to attract repeat customers. Total bummer.I called Front Street Cafe today to attempt to make a reservation. The hostess who spoke to us on the phone was extremely rude and completely turned us off from wanting to come to the restaurant. In the past we had a great brunch experience at Front Street with delicious food and a very nice server. However, I will not be returning due to the attitude of the hostess today.I had heard a lot of hype around this place. finally got a chance to go on Sat for lunch and was pretty disappointed.  it was okay, certainly nothing special and similar to so many other spots in philly.  definitely would not go out of my way to go here.  overall, cool place, food was average, service was awful.Today was my first time dining at Front Street.  I loved the open aspect of the space and their outdoor garden area.  I would love to come back in the warmer weather and enjoy a meal outside.  We tried their buffalo cauliflower which was delicious! Even my boyfriend who loves chicken and isn't the best vegetarian was wowed by it.  Definitely will be coming back!I don't go here to eat brunch-- rather I work upstairs and grab coffee/breakfast or light lunch/snack. That's the best part of Front St. The 2nd floor is big, bright and comfortable. Lots of outlets. Good WiFi. Yes, the el rolls right by, but no big deal. 
Re: food/bev: Good coffee. Usual bagels. Good food from what I've had. Friendly staff at the coffee bar downstairs... BUT... the hostess staff is consistently blasé and dismissive/bordering on unfriendly and rude.  Every time!  It's weird how they are ALL like that-- no matter who is working. Prob not the right personality for a hostess, lol. 
It's worth checking out if u are in the need for an escape place to work, read, chat or stitch.This is my FAVORITE Cafe to come to for great food and a quiet workplace. They cater to pretty much all dietary restrictions and allergy needs. I liveeee for the Almond Croissant, and the their vegan Waffle bites are to die for!  The cafe drinks are unlike no other, as in quality, and the drinks from the bar (oh yeah, did I mention they have a poppin bar!) are what I call exquisitely delectable. 
Next time you are in the Fishtown area, or are looking for a new Cafe to dine, or maybe just want to taste their spectacular vegan items make sure you stop in Front St. Cafe.This place is okay nothing great for me I know a few people that absolutely love it ! I have never gone out of my way to go eat here but love the decor and the outside seating in the summer is absolutely beautiful. Some of the staff isn't very friendly which makes it uncomfortable also the service is super slow , so be prepared to wait a good 10mins for a coffee or tea but wayyy longer for food !Food is really good. Ingredients always seem very fresh. Great vegan options. Cafe has great coffee especially the cold-brew. They have Dotties Donuts, which are incredible.
Service could definitely be better/nicer/less "cool" hipster vibe.Excellent selection. I enjoyed a delicious tofu burger (I don't normally come across properly prepared tofu) and a lovely house wine. Looking forward to summer/spring as they have a patio.I can only review this place on their beer selection.
The place itself is well designed and very hip. However, we went there for craft beer and the selection was nothing special. We walked in and walked right back out. When you have places like Bottle bar right around the corner, it's just not worth it! 
I would love to try Front Street Cafe again but I am hoping they mix up their beer selection and make it worth the trip!Came here for brunch on a hot summer Saturday. I had a reservation (yay OpenTable!), but would have been seated promptly without one, too.
My table was myself and another vegan; we had the Front Street Breakfast Platter, Biscuits and Gravy with tofu, and the mushroom bacon. I loved the biscuits - super moist, not too crumbly, and the mushroom gravy was as thick savory as any meat-based one I've ever had. 
I would absolutely come back, and my friend and I want to come back and bring our non-vegan family members! It's so rare to find a place that caters to both vegans and omnivores (they do serve eggs, meat, poultry, etc), especially the ones that refuse to eat tofu or veggie meats. 
Really, really want to come back and a.) eat outside (on a day that isn't 70%+ humidity and scorching), and b.) have a more lunch-y meal. I'm dying to try the vegan scrapple and buffalo cauliflower.Last time I was here, I had the big breakfast with the salmon.  Having just spent a month on the other side of the Atlantic...I wasn't overly impressed with the smoked salmon.  I wanted something more substantial for brunch today and opted for the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich.  It was dowsed in a hot/buffalo sauce combo I believe...which was interesting.  I loved the pickle slices hidden within the brioche bun.  I was going to go crazy with the Mimosas, but the first two I ordered were so small...literally one gulp worth.  I thought about running into the nearest Anglican Cathedral for a proper glass.  I had a latte - no complaints there.  I really, really appreciate the room this place has.  The victorian lounge furniture by the fireplace upstairs - nice touch.  The booth nook is a good location.  No matter where you are, you do not feel cramped -there's space to breathe, and you aren't sitting at those flimsy glass tables that so many restaurants have these days.  A definite plus.  The people who greeted us and sat us were especially welcoming.this is my favorite place to go- everything about this place is 5/5. The workers are super helpful and the food is fantastic. The grilled trumpet mushrooms are to die for.Great place for casual brunch.  The ambiance was perfect and they had outdoor seating which was exactly what my friend and we're looking for on a gorgeous day.  The service staff and chef were a lot of fun as well which added to our experience.  The food was really good.  Highly recommend the chicken sandwich.  We will go back again to try the other options on the menu soon.Excellent Vegan and Regular food. Had a great white sangria. We ordered eggplant dish with great vegan cheese and mushroom filled ravioli. 
I am not Vegan and thought it was very good. 
Great walkable area on Spring evening.I wish I could have given a better review, but, unfortunately, the service during our visit left a lot to be desired. 
First, we had a reservation for the time when we arrived (1:15 on 1/15), but that was largely ignored. We still ended up having to wait with others without reservations, and our table took some time before it was ready. 
Second, the food service was incredibly slow. I'm pretty sure the waitress forgot to bring out our food once it was ready. We had to ask for it because we were starving, and it then came out immediately. Sadly, it had gotten a bit cold by that time. 
Fortunately, the food was pretty tasty. :-)Amazing food for both brunch and dinner. Wide selection of vegan options as well as more than enough options for non-vegans. Certainly affordable for the quality of food and service. If you have room after eating or just want something refreshing, get a smoothie. The restaurant itself is so cute, bathrooms perfect for selfies. Highly recommend to everyone.Front Street Cafe is absolutely stunning, certainly one of the most beautiful spaces in the city.  A friend and I enjoyed a celebratory dinner here, and the place was already humming with people by 5:30 PM.  The food and drinks are unique and wholesome, and I'm ready to return just for the organic smoothies, juices, and draft kombuchas.  The service had perfect timing and rapport, and we were very pleased with our lazy evening here.  Overall, a new shiny gem for the local neighborhoods.Checked this place out via another friends recommendation for being vegan friendly. 
This is a corner cafe under a bridge that checks so many boxes for a neighborhood cafe. Super friendly wait staff, great decor (exposed brick, wooden booths, nice outdoor patio), work friendly and really good food, more on that in a bit.
This place is very work friendly with outlets all over the place to plug in. They have two seating areas on the lower level - by the restaurant and by the coffee shop. Coffee shop area is a little quieter but the restaurant isn't obnoxiously loud either. Upstairs they have additional seating and room for events.
The FOOD! I ordered the Vegan Benedict with scrapple and a side of mushroom bacon. Everything about my meal was delicious and it was great to finally enjoy a Benedict now that I went vegan. The real standout was the side salad, it had this amazing ginger dressing reminiscent of the hibachi places but not as heavy here. 
If a restaurant ever has weird/unique things on the menu I usually order it. Cue the mushroom bacon. I was expecting it be a salty/savory edition but it ended up being on the sweeter side and I treated it as my dessert post Benedict meal.
This might be the place I've been looking for...Super delicious, nice space, and sweet waiter. Only didn't give 5 stars because it was my first time and would like to see if the service was consistent. 
My fiance was raised a vegetarian and had plenty of options. There were 5 of us and we all ordered a different beverage: cocktails, latte, smoothie and they were all good! We all ordered different breakfast items: sandwiches,  hotcakes, french toast - all delicious! I also like the option to have a side salad in place of any potato side. 
Also love that you could just run in like a grab-and-go coffeeshop and choose from their big tea selection or grab a latte or smoothie. They are connected with UberEats, too!
Parking is tricky if you're driving - all parallel, but we went in a Sunday morning for brunch, but the location under the train tracks is kind of cool.Luckily we had a reservation for Sunday brunch otherwise we will be on line for very long time. We were there half an hour before our Reservation time, we still had to wait until our Reservation time even though there was a couple of tables open in modes and a lot outdoors. We made use of that time to look over the menu to figure out what we wanted when we were seated. The server was so nice to inform us that there wasn't any veggie waffles bites left. I ordered the gravlax and vegetable hash with tofu scramble. Both dishes came with side salads that were amazing. It was interesting to have the hard chewy toasted English muffin with smoked salmon and avocado. But, hey I finished the gravlax because either I was hungry or it was really good. The matcha donut - omg I took the last one. So good!!!!Had breakfast this morning. This is such a cool setting. Love the industrial/rustic vibe. Coffee is very good. Eggs benny was mediocre. They use a weird mustard sauce instead of hollandaise. The bacon is good. Server was super friendly but painfully slow.I really, really want to like this place. I really do. The space is incredible and very welcoming and comfortable. I don't even mind, much less notice the roar of the El every 5 minutes. That said, I have more than a few quibbles. The staff are really nice and friendly, but not entirely attentive or on the ball. My first visit, we were seated and 20 minutes later, our server a young man who appeared to be somewhere between 16 and 20 years old, stopped by our table, genuinely surprised to find us in his section and more than a little disoriented and confused about what to do about that. my 2nd time here, my server, a young hipster with the hirsute trifecta of a manbun, beard and handlebar mustache, promptly took my order and delivered my food, then proceeded to ignore me for the next 3-1/2 hours. Not once, did he stop by to see how my food was or if I needed another coffee or more food, or even bring me my check to turn the table over. (I did on both counts, and went to the counter to order instead). I tried to get the attention of other servers, but was soundly ignored. this is inexcusable.
As for the food, I appreciate the attempt to serve healthy vegan options, but I'm disappointed that the non vegan options are half hearted. Also a cafe ought to serve a proper bagel. When I ordered my coffee at the counter, I inquired about bagels and the barista smugly and proudly responded that they had "gluten free bagels..." I'm sorry, if you only serve "gluten free bagels,"  you don't serve bagels. I also find the food to be more than a little pricey, with the average breakfast item, well over $10. that's not a deal breaker in and of itself, but between that, the overall quality and poor service, I'm neither inclined to return, nor would I recommend to a friend. I really, really wanted to like this place, but I'm finding it really hard...Careful of the staff here. Without a very much needed reservation you are about as useless as a tic on a dogs back. Unfortunate looked pretty good. For that being my first experience it was enough to never make me go back. 
I believe when asking for the wait time I received , "a very long time". Maybe it's me, but that seemed odd.Front Street Café is simple one of the best café spaces I've ever seen anywhere in the world.  It's got it all....a nice bar, an attractive restaurant area, a chill café locale on the second floor, a distinctive take-out counter, and an attractive outdoor garden/patio for warmer days and nights. The quality of the wood used throughout is striking. It's the kind of place Center City should have but doesn't because rents are too high there.  So on the border of Fishtown and Olde Kensington, the Front Street Café has put down roots in an old building underneath the el train.  It's open for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and in between.  But more on the food at a later time.  Right now I just want to celebrate the concept along with the architectural design and to welcome the Front Street Café to the hood!The service so so, wait for 15 minutes to have coffee and 28 more minutes to have food, food its cool but not bad,  nice outdoor area good for summer time. 服務普通，在位子上等了15分鐘咖啡才又等了28分食物才來，食物冷冷的不過味道不差，室外的座位挺不錯的適合夏天.Can't say enough about the place. Great coffee, lovely food and cool place.Staff were awesome and great to have healthy options.I recently had a surprise party for my fiancée at front street cafe after I proposed to her. The weather was pretty crappy, but the outdoor area was covered and the staff was incredibly accommodating and went out of their way to make sure we were happy despite the rain and cold weather. Food is great, drinks are great, staff truly cares about their customers. Can't say enough about this business! We'll be back!Front street cafe is by far my favorite brunch spot in Philly! I'd suggest going with someone who will share a few items with you because it will be hard to pick just one thing! 
I would recommend making a reservation on the weekends because it will definitely be crowded. 
For beverages I usually go with either a fresh juice or turmeric ginger latte. Alcohol is an option too but at Front Street cafe you are offered such a unique experience with so many healthy options! 
Getting the sriracha cauliflower is a MUST! I prefer this over the buffalo sauce because it's very unique and PACKED WITH FLAVOR!! I'm obsessed and can't find the words to describe it so you much try it! The do make a good buffalo sauce if you're not up for my suggestion. That option comes with a dill sauce and I usually ask for it on the side even when I get the sriracha. 
Also, try the mushroom bacon. It's such a yummy little treat to pick at on the side of whatever main dish you get. 
Some of my other favorites are the veg lentil chili and breakfast hash, I usually ask for the poached egg cooked to medium so it's less runny.
I am so happy this places opened in philly, it is really changing the brunch game!Tried to go here for a late lunch and beverages during a conference call late afternoon on a Friday. They would not let us sit on the patio with a server, but instead directed us to sit at an empty bar and go to the cafe ourselves to order food/drink. We went to the cafe to order food and they were confused about the situation, said only 2 specific tables outside were for the cafe. We once again tried to get a table - we were not going to just take up their table with a coffee, and this was made clear. At least 2 meals and 4 expensive beverages would have been ordered.
Ended up leaving. 1 star.Never been to check out the vibe at night, but early mornings here are perfect. Friendly baristas, beautiful surroundings, most importantly good coffee. Can't wait to hang out in the gorgeous courtyard once it warms back up.My new fave brunch spot!!! So delish (and secretly healthy-ssshhh). The space is absolutely gorgeous so don't let its location deter you. I've been twice now and have had very accommodating service and excellent food. The tomato jam and those potatoes... OMG!! They have some of the best coffee too!Great food, good vegan options and non vegan. Our server was very friendly even though she was busy. The place hip and clean. We will definitely be back every time we visit Philadelphia.the waiter got our order wrong and food was not good, very disappointing. the poached eggs had a strong taste of vinegar and everything was bland and tastelessThis place was great. Loved all the veg options and the atmosphere. I tried the buffalo cauliflower, the spinach artichoke dip and some special pumpkin pasta dish that was amaze!!Great for vegetarians! There are plenty of options for all meals. Highly recommend the buffalo cauliflower. Also has great cocktails and kombucha on tap.Very cool spot, great food and service. Definite repeat when I'm back in Philly for brunchThis review is for my brunch / lunch experience. First bad sign: I wanted to order the corn beef hash, but without the mushrooms. The waiter tells me that can't be done because the mushrooms are already mixed in. This essentially means the food is pre-made, sitting in a fridge ready to be heated up. Gross!! So I just went with the basic breakfast plate. My bacon was lukewarm and dry, eggs were cold, and the toast was cold too. The potatoes were lukewarm, mushy, and bland. Service was awful too. When they brought our food, I asked for butter and jam for my toast. Well, the waiter never came back to bring me the jelly/bitter, nor did he ever come by to ask how we were doing or to refill my coffee. I had to waive him down for a refill. Oh, wait...he did come back when we were done to drop off the check, which we hadn't even asked for yet (I was on a 1st date). Between the service and cold + bland food (also, smallish portion), I would never come back. I'm absolutely shocked this place has 4 stars. There are so many excellent places in Fishtown, why anybody would go here blows my mind.Great place. So big. Restaurant, bar, and cafe area most of the time...but on weekends, the whole thing is a brunch place...definitely not a cafe. There is a small spot where you can get some work done, but its not as functional as a cafe then. 
BUT... the rest of the time, its a great place to grab a cup of coffee, relax, meet up with someone, or get work done. PLUS, it is the only place in ALL of the riverwards where you can work late with a cup of coffee. For some reason, all the cafes in northern liberties, kensginton, fishtown generally close at 7pm...some at 8/9pm... but this is open until midnight the earliest every night of the week.This was really a big deal to me because it is sometimes hard to find breakfast choices on a menu when you follow a plant-based diet. This was the best brunch I have ever had. They have vegan options, gluten free options, and even options for those weird "normal eaters." The server was very helpful in explaining the menu to us and what ingredients are used, etc. We shared the buffalo cauliflower (even though it was breakfast time) and it was unreal - it basically was like eating buffalo wings. They were crispy and flavorful. I had the big vegan breakfast: tofu scramble with smoked black beans, vegetable hash, gluten-free english muffin (instead of the porridge bread) and mushroom bacon. It was incredible and plenty of food. My friend and I both decided it was the best brunch we have ever had! I want to come back & try all my backup choices.The buffalo cauliflower was amazing. I wasn't a fan of the quinoa tostada, more of a taco salad tbh. The tofu was a little on the sweet side, but good. Honestly the highlight of the night was our server, Erwin. He was welcoming, friendly, attentive, and fun. Erwin gets 5 stars:)The food was really good once we finally got it...But it took an hour and a half to get it! We only waiting fifteen to twenty minutes to get seated, but after ordering it was 1.5 hours to get our brunch. We were so hangry by the end. The biscuits and mushroom gravy dish was good, but the eggs were cold, which makes me wonder if they just forgot about us. When we checked on the ETA, they said we were next, though it took another 40 minutes after that! They comped us some of the food as an apology, which only partiality made up for lost time. I think l would have liked it even if l weren't hangry, but now I won't know because I am likely not coming back.What a gem this cafe is! 
This was my first time in Fishtown, and my friend brought me and two others here for brunch on a Saturday. There was no waiting and the place was quiet and not crowded unlike a lot of the brunch places in center city. I almost didn't want to write a review here because I don't want people to come and crowd this place on weekends--haha. 
The place is gorgeous. It has two floors and an outdoor area as well. The place has a lot of beautiful wood and has a healthy-earthy feel to it.
I got the Skuna Bay Gravlax Platter for $14 and it was awesome. It's like their own version of lox and cream cheese. I especially enjoyed the fried capers in the dish. I love fish but since their portion was a bit big-- it was too much fish for me. I loved it though. 
I also got a side of the veggie hash and it was delightful. I enjoyed every bite of it- it was surprisingly very flavorful. I'm hoping to come back here soon! This cafe makes me want to explore Fishtown more. I'll be back!This place is music to a Vegan's ears! Almost all restaurants have symbols to denote vegan and vegetarian options but this restaurant does the very opposite. It is a plant based restaurant that is friendly to meat and dairy eaters. It makes ordering very easy because you know that bulk of the menu is plant based unless otherwise noted. 
The chili potato wedge appetizer is amazing and their brunch is also really good. The price is a little high but your body will not feel sluggish or crappy after eating here.We checked in here for a quick brunch on a Sunday morning. It had a very hipster feel to it and was obviously part of the new gentrification of this neighborhood. Right across the street was the sprawling ghetto. Contrast that with such things as organic coffee, organic tea, and smoothies called the Goldenglow featuring pineapple turmeric coconut and banana and you can see the encroach of gentrification into the area.
The Goldenglow was very tasty and turmeric was flavorful giving this drink an interesting sweet yet bitter appeal.
A menu I noticed is largely vegan which was quite disappointing for me but it will make the hipsters and landlubbers very happy. After a little digging I was able to locate some eggs and Applewood smoked bacon so that has satisfied me for now.
While we waited for the meal I looked around to the appearance of nice brick walls and hardwood floors with hipster pictures and hip decorations all over the area. This is the stereotypical upscale coffee joint as witnessed by the coffees ranging from 3 to 5 dollars each. The menu also featured a nice draft beer menu.
The big breakfast was a hit with Applewood smoked bacon organic eggs and a side salad that was very tasty the highlight however was home fries with a special sauce blend that was sort of a sweet and spicy ketchup.
The eggs Benedict featured an everything bagel muffin which I have never seen before and also mushroom bacon which was basically just fried mushroom which had a sweet and crunchy taste very nice.I had an amazing time at FSC hosting a small get together for my dad's birthday. Rachel & Terence we're AMAZING! Rachel was a fantastic bartender/server. Very personable, quick and accommodating.  She really added to our great time. Terence was super fast to get anything we needed and to clear tables, etc. the food and drinks were wonderful and it was absolutely a day we will never forget! Thank you!In town for a concert next door. Got to venue early so we decided to go here for just a bite before.. we had low expectations..meaning it looked alittle to hipste andr up scale for us. Can i just say totally wrong! This place is a must go you wont be disapointed! The food is amazing! Atmosphere is nice. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Great surpriseUpdate: I upgraded to a 4, now back down.  Total attitude again at the coffee bar, and I just think the menu and schedule is just off.  If you look to my first review it was a 3, and my favorite parts: coffee and baristas/coffee bartenders.  Since that first visit the norm has been the opposite with regard to service.
I just feel like a place with that much space, right in an amazing foot-traffic location, that can't figure out how to offer some hot sandwiches or some food other than a bagel or donut (donuts are not good) before 8 am on weekdays doesn't get the star (then minus 2 for horrible barista). 
The menu is small to begin with, how hard can it be to add some egg, meat, and cheese on a bagel to it?  How about some oatmeal with organic fruit.  Both could be made by a food truck, never mind a 4k sq ft. restaurant.
So back to the attitude and timing: 1) we go to get quinoa porridge and coffees at about 7:55 am on a weekday.  Sorry, no breakfast on a WEEKDAY until After 8. 2) The girl behind the counter was just really rude, made it seem like we were totally bothering her, and dismissive in delivery of said information. No help, no smiles, no sorry.  I just don't get who thought it would be smart to put this personality in a customer facing position.
Give your baristas some people training, expand the menu a little and get some breakfast food in the actual morning (I know 8 is actual morning, but I mean for adults) and I can offer support.
I want to this place so bad, but I just keep getting knocked down when I actually go.I went here for a brunch date on a Sunday around noon. There was a wait of about 30 minutes, which can be expected for this area but luckily there was a bar that helped pass the time. I ordered the huevos rancheros and enjoyed their twist on the common brunch meal. Definitely will go back.Great location.  Good food.  Wonderful space.  Kitchen has its act together.  Please lose the cheesy electronica music that feels like we are at a Radisson hotel bar in Orlando, FLA.This place is great!  If you're in a mixed group of say, health-conscious vegans and devoted bar food noshers, it seems like pretty much everyone will be able to find something they want.  In fact, I found several things I wanted to order, and I hope to go back at some point to try out more of the menu.  The neighborhood is a little off the beaten path, though, so it's been difficult to make my way back there again.The surrounding neighborhood kept me from entering the restaurant, because everything seemed pretty sketch to me. But I would consider Front Street Cafe a hidden gem. Easily accessible by MFL, Front Street offers a hipster yet healthy breakfast and brunch menu. I wish the menu were a little more extensive, but after deciding to order their Huevos Rancheros, I couldn't complain. The only thing I would have changed was to add less rice to the dish, but otherwise, Front Street is a great place for chill vibes and good food.Truly a disappointment. Went in for brunch and waited 20 minutes staring at empty tables in what I can only assume was a ploy to force you into ordering one of their overpriced juices. The ambitions of the menu far outstripped the abilities of the kitchen. The langoustine and grits featured a single shrimp atop a bed of lumpy grits and the most violently vinegary collard greens I have ever tasted. Truly a dish fit for a Dickensian prison. The gravlox platter is a no brainer but the execution here was, again, poorly proportioned  and presented. 
I don't think this is simply a case of a new restaurant finding its sea legs. They truly need to reevaluate what they want to be and focus on trying to do that well.Absolutely amazing food! So many delicious options for vegans...
We make sure to stop in almost every time we are in the area. Never disappointed, always leaving super full with leftovers to take home. Everything is so reasonably priced as well. 
By the way, their buffalo cauliflower is to die for!The bar tenders were sexually amped the night we were there. Incredible atmosphere, great service, great food.Great food, service often indifferent at best, although sometimes great. Excellent burger, although a recent iteration came with too much sauce. Expect to be treated with contempt if ordering takeout - they regularly keep you waiting to pick up while the food gets cold, and often fail to include napkins and utensils.I have been looking for "gluten free option" cafe! Finally its here! I love this place. Food is fresh and deliciousNew favorite spot to eat!  As a gluten free vegetarian it can be very challenging going out to eat.  Front Street Cafe has a lot of wonderful choices and the server was very knowledgeable about the menu and how they could accommodate me.  The food was fantastic and the service was great.