only giving 3 stars because the products taste good - if you ever get them. I stopped in Saturday around 3, it was slow. maybe three / four tables and no one waiting at the counter. I asked for the avocado smoothie with 2 energy shots (which was $2 up charge. that's fine) order a panini as well go go and sat waiting about 20 minutes before even getting the "smoothie". I get handed my drink .. which is a Luke warm drink, 100% liquid. not a smoothie at all. it had chunks of avocado in it still and about 8 ice cubes. a girl next to me was handed the same thing, because they we're blended together. I did not receive the 2 energy shots I paid for .. or my money back. and by the time I got my sandwich I almost walked out because I was late for work. sandwich was good but I was annoyed by the time I got it.There's a reason they have the worst fuel rating of all locations. They mess orders up, they are not accommodating, and it takes over 2 hrs to get food delivered 4 blocks away. Also, the presentation of the food is always awful.I want to like Fuel. I've been a bunch of times because it's close to work and healthy. I love that they display the calorie count on all of their food items.
However the decor is cheesy, the curtains look like they came from a prop shop from a high school and the ambiance is comparable to an 80s discotheque.
The service is fair. There have been times when I've been attended to and other times where I've waited at the counter for five minutes because the cashier was just hanging out with the dudes at the grill.
There are healthier and more efficient places in the area to go to.The world needs more food establishments like this. Healthy and surprisingly filling selection of guilt free deliciousness.Fuel has a great concept. 
I've gotten take out here a few times and I've been satisfied both times.  Its a great option on more of the healthy side.  
People should really read the menu before they go ordering crazy thinking everything is crazy good for you.  Keep in mind wraps and such are not added to the caloric count on the menu (gotta read the fine print!)
The music and the videos on the television are kinda strange but I'm here for the food so I don't pay much mind to that. 
Overall I really like it here for a quick, reasonable healthy option.  I'm excited for the Arch street location to finally open.  Does anyone know when that is going to be?
Plus - Fuel is right by 12th street gym so good meal option afterwards.
Minus - Fuel is not open at their other center city location (on Arch) (near my work/apt)I have eaten here several times, and everytime I have got great tasting fresh food! The paninis are excellent and they can veganise anything on their menu, without compromising the taste. Service is very prompt as well. Very consistent and great tasting food!Fuel is awesome. The kale salad keeps me coming back over and over. The relaxed atmosphere is perfect. my server today was top notch. Sorry I can't remember her name but she's a school teacher and works at restaurant pt. She helped recommend a drink and said if I didn't like it she would make me something else. She was very attentive without being over bearing and made my dining experience great.I have yet to find a smoothie I didn't enjoy. Do yourself a favor and order a Green Tea Matcha. For the gym rats out there, the options with added protein taste quite good.
I can't comment on the food offerings because I have not tried them yet but I will say the service is great and the workers at the register always have a smile on their faces. Some of that may be attributed to the enjoyably eclectic playlist blasting music throughout the shop.I wanted to get take-out from the area and was feeling something healthy and light. My first experience at Fuel when I got a sandwich was pretty good so I thought why not give it another try!?!
I got two orders -it was a busy day for me so I wanted to save the 2nd order for dinner :) I got the Shrimp and Avocado Salad for lunch. I was not a fan of this. I would give 2 stars for this. The lemon vinaigrette dressing had no flavor. It tasted like an "appetizer dressing" rather than a "lunch dressing" if you get what I mean.... The salad overall was lacking in flavor as well. I added craisins, sunflower seed, and feta chesse at home when I was halfway done. The avocadaos were not fresh either. I was so disappointed in this salad and will never get it again. 
However, the Grilled chicken in a wheat wrap was decent. I think the balsamic reduction gave the wrap a nice end to the taste. The chicken was tender, artichokes were slightly salty but came in an abundant amount, I could not taste the tomato spread that  much..but the wrap was nicely wrapped and my dinner did not end up messy. 
So the overall vibe I get from Fuel everytime I come here for food or drinks...it's very unique. I like it b/c I don't feel like I swallowed a hamburger and feel gross. You'll def feel light and healthy after a full meal, but I am never fully satisfied b/c there's no good grasp to the taste. Will I ever go back again? Yes most likely-but I will keep on ordering something different until I find that GOOD meal !Oh my gosh, this place conned me into believing they sold Acai bowls for cheap. What they gave me was not a real acai bowl. The acai base was icy and tasted like high fructose corn syrup. There wasn't any trace of real acai in the bowl. It was like a slurpee but with fruit on it. Gross! Don't lie to your customers! You should go to a place that sells real acai bowls and taste the difference!Now don't get me wrong, I thoroughly enjoy a healthy lunch option in Center City as much as the next person. I even get, dare I say, excited. So when my friend Kait suggested Fuel for lunch today, after a quick peek at the menu, I was all for it. First looks at the place; funky décor, calorie conscience meals, hipster staff.... All signs pointed to a pleasurable experience. Until I got back to work with my food. Firstly, if spending $17.50 on a Greek Salad and starter of Hummus was hard enough to swallow, to come to the realization that they are not being 100% truthful about their calories and that their portions are completely off sent me off the Yelp edge.
Issue #1: The salad. The calorie count on the salads is BEFORE the dressing (which everyone knows is the lions' share of calories in a salad anyway). Not to mention they give you a GIANT amount of dressing. This would be fine, IF they disclosed that on the menu OR told you how many calories is in their standard dressing portion. Which they don't. Which makes me angry. The only way I know it is before the dressing is that the 2 large cubes of Feta (75 cals an oz) on my Greek salad alone is darn close the 200 calories total that they give you. Add the heaping portion of vinaigrette they gave me, which definitely had olive oil in it (another 119 cals/tbsp). 200 cals? Sorry, try again.
Issue #2: The hummus. Now I LOVE hummus. I eat it, I make it, I put it on anything that I can possibly imagine to put it on. So when I saw the 375 calories total they had given it I knew that HAD to be including the pita that they served with it. I know from an obscene amount of personal hummus consumption that your run-of-the-mill, store-bought, not-even-trying-to-be-healthy hummus is, on average, 60-80 cals per 2 tbsp serving. Knowing this, I opted for the vegetable option instead of the pita to shave some cals off that hefty 375 number. I was totally jazzed because there is nothing I love more than a slice of cucumber with a dollop of hummus and it's surprisingly hard to find places that give a veggie option. Much to my surprise what I got was a BOWL of hummus, 3 cucumber slices, and 3 red pepper strips. Which means 2 things: 1) The 375 number is before the pita (which again they don't disclose or tell you how many calories is in their pita) and 2) someone doesn't understand what a healthy portion of hummus is (which is just a tad important).  
So if you are serious about counting calories I might skip this place or at least know that you have to add a good 100 calories to anything you eat here to be safe. For me, I think if you are going to pose as a health conscience establishment, have a conscience to start with.  Fool me once....I've been here a number of times for lunch and for dinner.  The atmosphere has a nice modern vibe and the staff is always friendly.  The last time I was here, my dinner companion and I ordered the guac and salads.  Both were excellent !  While they keep the meals healthy and the calories low, the food is still really pretty good.  I've had the smoothies a couple of times as well and wasn't disappointed.  I will definitely be back!So I stopped in last night after work, pre-meeting. It was hot and humid and the beginning of yet another heatwave. I couldn't handle actually eating anything because of the heat and wanted something refreshing to get me through my meeting.  I ordered a smoothie to go from a somewhat sullen server and ultimately decided on the Detox.  Blech--it was awful. First of all when I read the ingredients: berries, pomegranate, etc., I actually thought I'd see these ingredients go into a blender. instead, the server took a  big jug out of the refrigerator and poured a premixed liquid into a machine with ice.  My drink came out with ice cubes still visible. It was basically a sickly sweet drink over ice--nothing I couldn't have picked up at a 7/11.  $5 plus tax and I could barely drink half it was so cloying.
I would give the food a try because it does sound good but the smoothies--yuck.I won't be back. 
We went post work out thinking where better to refuel than Fuel, right? We were greeted by the most miserable waitress ever, no introduction, no name, just "Sit here" and "You ready?". I have never really experienced anything like it, she sort of reminded me of Wednesday Adams so maybe that was her problem, she was dead or something. The TVs had some weird music videos on when the Sixers were playing in the playoffs. Just did not make a lot of sense. 
The food was probably 3 stars. We had guacamole with corn. It tasted like basic guacamole with corn. Nothing special but nothing bad. After our wraps were thrown on the table, yes thrown, I knew this place's food was just average. The wraps took forever and I am fairly certain they aren't carving up a fresh turkey every time someone orders one. I got the Roasted Turkey wrap and would have preferred a Wawa hoagie. The tortilla and turkey weren't fresh and it was loaded with cheap pesto. I don't know if they are trying to be healthy, but healthy food DOES NOT have to taste bad. 
I would not recommend to anyone, even with the Yelp discount (you can get $20 worth of food for $15). The only healthy part is they display the calorie count and don't serve basically anything fried. You can eat healthy elsewhere if you order wisely.The menu here is a simple approach to vegetarian cafe food. Plenty of smoothies, juices, salads and sandwiches for you to peruse and ponder. The place is spacious inside with high ceilings and offers some outdoor seating. The staff has some knowledge of the menu, but concerns like vegan and gluten-free may receive short shrift.  If all you care about is vegetarian food, you'll be fine.
It's nice to have a great big menu, but it would be nicer if the staff were more knowledgeable. It's nice that there are a lot of smoothies and juices with unique blends, and it's great to have size choice! It's great to have fresh ingredients and healthful options.
It's a decent and reasonably healthful place to dine, but I can see why some people find the pricing too high or the service less than stellar. I would go back if hungry for a quick bite, but I would not go back expecting Michelin star dining or service by any measure. Think cafe-style all around, and you'll be fine.I've had both good and bad experiences here. Normally I will go here for brunch (most likely influenced by a groupon).. The food seems like it should be good, but sometimes small oversights bring it down. One that stands out is wraps that are served wet on the bottom. 
That being said, it is worth a shot if you are getting a deal.I have visited this restaurant twice. The first time I enjoyed the South Philly panini which was quite good and filling. It came with some arugula as well. However, I paid extra for sweet potato fries and I was not a fan. They were not at all crispy and sort of limp. The second time I had the falafel burger. This was edible, but very strange. The falafel tasted like cinnamon oatmeal had just been poured onto bread. There was no crispy coating or falafel seasoning. I know they have calorie constraints but it was just not good. I also had a smoothie and that I found quite delicious. So, if you go, have the smoothie and a panini--an inexpensive healthy option in CC.Hate to do this because I've always been a loyal customer, but was in there yesterday on June 25th 2018. It was HOT out and even hotter inside the restaurant. No fans running, no AC on. I asked twice for the fans/air to be turned on and the help said they "would ask". Whoever they asked didn't care what we though, there were three in our party and we were all roasting.Completely obsessed with the Protein Buster shake (290-340 Cals. 5 points) - Skim milk, Peanut Butter, Banana, Honey, & 25g. Whey Protein.
You won't find anything else as peanut-buttery and delicious for under 300 calories - which is why I return nearly every other day for this tasty treat!I've been ordering from Fuel for a long time (even defended my loyalty to others who had long ago given up ordering due to the inconsistent food quality) and over the last year or so I've noticed a steady decrease in the consistency and quality of my order. I always order the ridiculously delicious kale salad (add grilled chicken) and have to say that unfortunately that title no longer holds true--it is the ridiculously sad kale salad. The salad I received yesterday only half filled the container with wilted kale. Additionally, the chicken portion could barely qualify as a portion and was cubed into meager bites.I'm giving FUEL a solid 4 stars because they've recognized a severely under served market here in Philadelphia. My favorites in this category back home in San Francisco were Boxed Foods and Mixt Greens. Check out their websites and you'll see what I mean.  Relatively affordable, tasty, HEALTHFUL food options. Honestly, can people please recommend where I can get salads with fresh, varied ingredients? Don't say Cosi... And I don't want to pay $20 for take-out at a stephen starr restaurant. From Fuel, I had the shrimp, avocado spinach salad which was delicious and filling. All options are supposed to be around/under 500 (depends if they counted the wrap and if you got one) - but who's counting anyway! The ambience of the place is a little dim and could be better - it doesn't scream fresh...just neon orange? Next time, I'm dying to try the whipped banana with nutella and strawberries. Apparently it's just a frozen banana, whipped...so it's like ice cream?! But without the guilt, in case you had any.Fuel is a good place for healthy fast food. For lunch my boyfriend and I ordered an assortment of things (probably too much for 2 people, but we were indecisive). We got the shrimp and avocado salad (way too much spinach and not much else. Won't be ordering this again). The guacamole with goat cheese and chips (very yummy and a good snack), the  roasted turkey (my bfs pick, not bad, but I would like to try the grilled chicken next time), and the chicken lettuce wraps (my favorite of all the things we ordered. Spicy and fresh tasting). I also appreciated that the calories for fuel were listed on myfitnesspal, which was really helpful too! It's right around the corner from me and always seems to offer groupons and other deals, so I'll be back to try more.Gave this place another shot after bad experience. Unfortunately, my experience was just as bad. We ordered delivery (the restaurant is 2 blocks away). The food took over an hour to arrive. When it did, it was descheveled and looked like it was shaken up. The taste of food was gross, there were 2 kidney beans in my salad (there were not supposed to be any beans).  The juice was good, but that's about it.Purchased a Groupon on a whim, knowing I would be visiting Philly, and so glad I did!  The TBM with Chicken is super fresh and really flavorful.  I had it as a panini and my friend had it as a wrap-both delicious-both sandwiches came with a side of greens and salad dressing.  Smoothies were good as well.  The decor is simple, the restaurant crowded, but take-out is really quick. Our experience was enhanced by a little "tif" between two waiters fighting over who got to put their order into the register first. The exchange was a little appalling at first, but rather hysterical. Definitely plan to return to Fuel on my next visit to Philadelphia.Hi Rocco,
You were actually the manager on staff the evening of my catered delivery. Your day manager, Ashley, must have matched my review with my order since she called me shortly after posting it on yelp. 
I returned her call and left a message. 
I will be happy to update and change my review if this is settled.I've been ordering from here since it opened because the food is delicious but portions are not big enough, leaves me wanting a little more to eat. I decided to try a latte today for a little caffeine kick and it was a bullcrap latte-tasted like the powdered crap you push a button for at Wawa and at $4.50 I found that really offensive- prob won't order from here any more out of principle.Lunch time on a Sunday afternoon and we found this place. Loved the fresh concept and the rice bowl offerings were great!  We even came home from this trip trying to recreate the tofu bowl I had there.  The service was good as well.  The long set up was odd but very Philly with a single serve restroom.Wholesome meals without having to break the bank. The hummus and lettuce wraps are heavenly. They're constantly working on new dishes which is always exciting, hello less than 300 calorie cannoli!  The menu is vegan and gluten-free friendly which is a plus in my book. They are also okay with bringing your own booze. FUEL is relatively new and still working out the kinks but you got to have faith in new restaurants with strong concepts. We'll definitely be back ;)Great tasting food full flavor and fresh this was my first visit. I'll be back to try other dishes. If you are walking by open the door and come on in.The food is ok, but closer to bad than good, and the calorie count is the same for wraps and sandwiches which means something appears off, unless they fixed that. The owner is rude, unprofessional, and treated my friend and I like hoodlums trying to rob him because his waiter input our unused groupon number incorrectly. I'll never be back her again.i always get the same thing..the turkey burger!! it's so good :) Add the sweet potato fries and it's delicious. The staff seemed a but overwhelmed, but they'll willing to help. Once you try this place, you'll be addicted!This is my new favorite lunch spot! All the dishes are under 500 calories and they mark the calories next to each item on the menu. 
You can eat in, get take out, or delivery. I usually get take out which is super fast. However I have eaten in the restaurant several times. Once we requested to be outside because our friend had a puppy and they were super accommodating. The staff here is all friendly I've yet to encounter a rude or lazy person. 
The prices are great too. Every time I go I get the chicken lettuce wraps. You wouldn't think so but they fill you up and they taste great. Be warned they are a little spicy which I love. 
The decor is cool I guess it's like a space theme I'm horrible at describing that stuff. I come here dressed casually and sometimes in my workout clothes straight from the gym. 
My only suggestion would be for them to 
Get a soda machine..I know it's not healthy but I would eat in more often.I'm giving Fuel one star not for the food (I haven't tasted my take-out yet), but for the service. I placed an order over the phone and told them it was for pick up. The woman told me it would be ready in five minutes. I was a bit surprised but headed over to get my lunch. I got there after approximately seven minutes and not surprisingly, though disappointingly, it was not ready. I waited five minutes, then 10 minutes, only getting a bit annoyed when a woman who walked in and placed an order after I was already there received her take-out as I kept sitting. I got up and asked what the issue was since I was told five minutes, telling them I wasn't so concerned with how long it was taking but more concerned with the fact that I was told one thing and sure enough it was another. The man said he didn't know I was there in a rather surly tone. I told him that clearly SOMEONE  knew I was there, as I shifted my eyes to the woman behind the register who I approached upon arriving giving her my name and what I had ordered. Disappointing service to say the least.This is one of my boyfriend and I's go-to spots when we are feeling too lazy to cook but still want a healthy, filling  and inexpensive meal. 
Anything on the menu can be vegan-ized, which is a huge plus. It's also BYOB.Found this place through Groupon since we were in Philly for the holiday weekend and as a vegan my options are limited to asian/indian food.  Nice and trendy lay out with The Cure playing in the background and free WiFi.  Wish they'd open one up in DC/Northern Virginia.  I like the fact that anything on the menu can be modified to your needs, whether vegan, weight conscious, bread or no bread, etc.  It was a bit confusing but I settled on the roasted veggie on a wheat wrap, and chose to replace the ricotta with tofu.  It came with fresh spring greens tossed with balsamic vinaigrette, but still I found it to be a bit bland. I asked if they had any mustard or extra vinegar and they said they don't carry any side sauces like mustard or ketchup in order to keep calorie counts down.  I thought mustard was like 5 calories per serving?  I understand the whole ketchup thing since it's full of sugar, but I didn't ask for ketchup. Regardless, the waitress was generous and offered me a side of berry vinaigrette, which gave it more of a flavor. I suppose I'm used to spicy Indian and Thai food so regular American food just doesn't do it for me anymore.  My husband's food was "meh" in his own words; the Thai Chicken.  Like me, he said his food didn't have much of a flavor.  Guess I'll go back to my Asian hang outs for now....2 Stars 
My friend and I came here after walking around the city looking for somewhere to eat a quick, healthy lunch.  This place was marketed as having all the menu items under 500 calories but with good flavor.  I was interested to see if that was possible considering that most seasonings are not that healthy.
Decor:
The restaurant had a very strange layout with a juice bar right at the entrance and then a long hallway on the left side where most people were seated.  There were way too many AC vents right above the tables, so it was very cold and the napkins kept blowing away.  Overall, the restaurant was pretty clean, but the format was super strange and somewhat off-putting.
Food:
I ordered a Mexican bowl with avocados, the chicken costed $2 more which is ridiculous.  My friend got the grilled cheese, which seemed to be pretty popular.  My bowl was super bland, and when I asked for hot sauce, they didn't have any.  Even though they were trying to be healthy, it didn't taste very good and was pretty dry.  Not very impressed with my food.  The grilled cheese was more flavorful and juicy but it would have been better with some bacon of more types of cheese.  There was a side salad but it didn't have any dressing and was pointless.  While trying to be healthy and under 500 calories, the food definitely reflected that because it lacked flavor and taste.
Service:
Along with the boring food and freezing environment, the service was terrible.  After we ordered the food in a timely manner, the server never came back to ask us if we needed anything.  I had to wait almost 15 minutes to ask for hot sauce, which they didn't even have.  When we were done eating, we had to walk around the restaurant to find the server.  She seemed very uninterested in her job and annoyed that she had to do something.
Overall, very unimpressed by everything.  The healthy motto doesn't mean that flavor should be sacrificed.  The restaurant was super cold and the workers were not sharp.  Don't come here.False advertising! A bunch of us went there for lunch, and after being surprised that the food was under 500 calories, the waitress informed us that only the ingredients used in our sandwiches were under 500 calories. The entire lunch was probably well over! For a place that is directly advertising this low cal menu, it was very disappointing. It also took us about 90 min to dine because the service was so slow!Well done!
-I didn't have the best experience the first time around at fuel, but upon the 2nd and 3rd visit, they did a great job
-The food was much better than my first visit and the options were very healthy
-I was a big fan of the sweet potato fries that come with the burger!
-The grilled cheese was also great as well, I enjoyed both dishes equally well
-The value here of price and healthy, clean food is superb! You will leave having eating a healthy meal without breaking the bank!
-Kudos to Fuel for taking the feedback and implementing it! A business that actually listens and cares!This place is so much bigger inside than it seems from the outside; has a nice airy, coffee-house-y feel with nice bright walls, a good amount of seating, high ceiling. I'm not into the gym feeling of their logo and whatnot, but I get it.
The traffic on Walnut is a bit much for me to enjoy sitting outside, but the people-watching is prime and they'll serve you at the outside tables, which is nice. We've also come here with our 7 month old; they don't have high chairs but we were able to fit the stroller at a table in the front so it wasn't in the way. 
The food isn't complicated but everything we've had here was tasty and filling. My favorite so far is the fuel stacker, and I liked that you can exchange ingredients pretty easily if you want a different type of cheese, spread, etc. The lemonade was way too sweet.Love, Love, Love!!!!!   Ordered a grill chicken gluten free panini and fell in love!!! What's even better? Everything is under 500 cal!! This is the perfect place for a bread/wrap loving people with Celiac's! GLUTEN FREE paninis/wraps?!?!?! !! Didnt know any place that served that! EVERYTHING is so FRESH!!! I will def be eating here for the rest of my week in Philly! :)One of my co-workers told me about this joint but I never got around to checking it out until I spent a weekend in Philly. Glad I did - great breakfast. Had the South Philly Frittata and a protein shake. Both equally great. The only thing better was the gal who waited on me. Wish I remembered her name because she was awesome - great personally and treated me like I was family.Came here for lunch with my mom yesterday since she had a Groupon that was expiring the end of April. I've passed this place a hundred plus times but never went in, so this was a great chance to try something new. The hosts in the front were very nice and gave us a table by the window (sunny and gorgeous out, so, well done hosts). I'm not going to lie, as I first looked over the menu, I was a bit confused - everything can be made into a salad/wrap/sandwich/flatbread?! The answer is, basically, yes, which is fantastic for a wide range of people. 
We were given a while to look over the menu before our waitress appeared with waters (which was probably good since I was still figuring things out food wise), and then my mom and I were able to place our order. We decided to share the Spanish skewered shrimp, my mom got the grilled veggie (salad), and I got the Thai chicken (also as a salad). The salads were absolutely fantastic - fresh, light, and full of flavor. The shrimp was a major disappointment - far too salty, a bit on the undercooked side, and an overwhelming amount of what tasted like old bay seasoning. Aside from that, our server was super friendly, and the salads were great! Definitely worth another return trip, but make sure you order enough food, since everything is 500 calories or less!As I was eating, I couldn't believe that one of the wait staff was repeatedly wiping his nose and carrying out food without washing his hands. I saw him rinse his hands in a sink but did not use soap. Lost my appetite. I won't eat there again.I want to give this place five stars, but their delivery times are astronomical. And their minimum amount for delivery seems to change based on how busy they are, which is obnoxious.
That being said, I've never had a bad meal here, and if you're either willing to pick up or wait 1-2 hours for your food, it's definitely worth it.Decided to try this place out with a groupon, $11 for $20 worth of food. I ordered a turkey burger with sweet potato fries, and a south Philly panini to go.
The turkey burger itself is very good -- juicy, flavorful ( maybe a bit too salty if anything) but overall a good burger. The sweet potato fries were severely undercooked -- raw on the inside and I would not order that again. Based on that, I'm not sure if I'll return just out of fear of inconsistent quality in orders.Super healthy, freshly prepared food which will leave you very satisfied.
I have yet to eat anything at Fuel that I didn't absolutely love.  All of their wraps come with a side of salad with a delicious balsamic vinaigrette.  Their South Philly wrap is a must for garlic lovers.  Their hummus is some of the best I've ever had, and it is a huge portion, perfect for sharing.
The decor itself is minimalistic and bright with TVs often playing weird music videos, but overall it is unoffensive.  If you don't like the decor, you can always order delivery - it's just as good.
Fuel also almost always has some sort of deal.I'm not in love with fuel like others are.
Weekday Lunch time gets busy so expect a line and a bit of a wait.
I got a salad here that had onion, avocados, grape tomatoes, bland chicken, and lime vinaigrette and it was pretty underwhelming. 
For the price, it wasn't worth it. Nothing special.
Smoothies (more like juice) are pretty good and Friendly service though.A friend and I ate here tonight and thought the food was amazing.  However, I can't bring myself to give this place 5 stars, because the service was awful. 
The food:
The hummus was perfect - hands-down the most flavorful hummus I've ever tasted.  The serving was very generous, but didn't come with nearly enough pita.  (Be warned: they charge extra for additional pita!)  The Strawberry Spinach Salad was equally good. 
The service: 
Our waitress barely made eye contact with us, and answered questions in brusque, one-word answers.  When I asked if I could substitute feta for gorgonzola on my salad, she said "yeah" - but didn't tell me that I would be charged 50 cents for making the substitution (I found out when we received the bill).  I'm not really sure why they charge extra, since many (similarly priced) salads on the menu come with feta - but in any case, it would have been nice to be told of this charge when I placed my order.
At the end of the meal, we asked for boxes for our leftovers.  The waitress said ok, cleared away the empty dishes and all of the silverware, and returned with the check.  After a few minutes, we realized that she had completely forgotten about the leftovers.  We flagged her down and asked a second time for boxes - and she returned a minute later, wordlessly dropped them on the table, and walked away.  At that point, we realized that she hadn't left us with any silverware with which to transfer the leftover hummus and salad into the boxes.  Not wanting to bother her again, I stole a fork from a nearby empty table.
In the future, I might consider getting takeout from Fuel, but I definitely won't be returning for table service.Fuel was exactly what I expected. A hipster "green" and healthy quick meal kind of restaurant. 
The restaurant had a green and white theme and stuck to simple decor with a couple of oil pantings on the wall (kind of out of place...?) It is kind of small, so not great for large groups. I think the staff consists of only males, and there's also a hipster dude who makes free deliveries on his bike!
We ordered a chicken lettuce wrap as our appetizer, which was quite delicious. The lettuce wrap filling consisted of grilled cubed chicken, carrot shreds, peanuts, chickpeas, and sriracha sauce. For our entrees, we ordered a grilled chicken salad (with turkey breast in place of the chicken) and a chicken gorgonzola panini. The salad was pretty good, but nothing spectacular since it consisted of spring greens, artichokes, and balsamic vinaigrette. The chicken panini was delicious. The gorgonzola must've been mixed in with the pesto or something, but it was quite tasty! 
We also ordered the Zen smoothie- cucumbers, apple, and pineapple. It was refreshing and the perfect amount of sweetness. (16 oz smoothies are $4 and 20oz are $5)
Also, if you're an avid carnivore, this might not be the best place for you. Their choices in terms of meat are very limited- only chicken and turkey, I believe, and their dishes are definitely not heavily loaded with protein.
We enjoyed our experience at Fuel and I will definitely be returning to try more smoothies and maybe order another chicken lettuce wrap!I got a party tray from here for a function a few weeks ago. I got three different types of wraps - the smoked salmon, the tofu with peanut sauce, and the veggie one with eggplant and lots of other good veggies. 
The wraps were all really good. It was the first time I had eaten there let alone ordered anything, but I had heard nothing but good things about the food and the place itself.There are three friends, all of whom eat differently: a vegan, a follower of Dr. Atkins, and someone who follows the Standard American Diet.  They have one thing in common: they care about their figures.  So where do you take them for lunch in Center City? Fuel of course!
I had just this experience last Wednesday when clients were in town and found ourselves needing a place for lunch that accommodated all of our goals. We did not need to eat a lot, we did not need to spend a lot of money, we wanted a quiet atmosphere, someone wanted just vegetables, someone wanted just protein, and someone wanted something she could take home to share with her family afterward.
Everyone was pleased. I had the butternut squash soup made without dairy products, along with a grilled veggie sandwich. I was thrilled with how low the calories were.  My friend had a huge salad full of tuna, and she was able to get it without cheese and fattening dressing, making her and Dr. Atkins thrilled, I am certain.  My other friend had a huge  vegetable salad and a warm brothy tomato soup. Those items became part of her family dinner Wednesday night. 
The prices are great, the service was terrific.  It is in center city so it is convenient for commuters and walkers and bikers, but good luck with your car!  Next week we are going to Fuel on Passyunk for a comparison.  I'll let you know.....My husband and I ordered Thai chicken panini and spinach strawberry salad! It was all very good! Salad was very big and we had plenty of food to share! We felt full and fueled :-) 
The decor is a bit strange. The place has a weird floor plan, and it looks like the owner did not have a clear idea on how to decorate the place. They need to buy more fans for summer. We wanted to sit by the window, but it was extremely hot. I do not understand why they have TVs there if there is nothing interesting playing. I do not care about TV as much, but if they have it, they should have some interesting channels or maybe some info on the restaurant and healthy eating.Three coworkers and I went to lunch on the first warm, sunny spring day in Philly.  We were looking for outdoor seating, and Fuel was the place.  I didn't know much about Fuel, but I definitely had biases.  First, I thought it was a workout/gym spot for those who want "fuel" for their workouts.  False-- it's more healthy options with fairly low calorie counts.  Second, I thought it was more fast-food-esque, and it was definitely a sit down, take your order and relax atmosphere.  Last, I thought the food would be awful.  Wrong again.  It was decent.
I had the Thai Chicken sandwich with a mixed greens salad.  The salad was fine, maybe something from a bag or box, but it was well dressed and fresh.  The sandwich was a little bit of a let down as it did not have much Thai flavor (maybe a chicken with peanut sauce?), though as a panini it was cruchy, and delicious.  The daily specials looked good, and the rest of the menu seemed fair.  
Four stars for being better than expected, but one star because it's not as good as they want you to think it is, regardless if the bites are healthy or not..So most of my discretionary eating funds this summer have gone to Fuel. Both managers and staff are generally pretty friendly and helpful which is a big reason for four stars. Other than the Korean BBQ which I have repeatedly ordered, I have also tried quite a few of their smoothies and all are pretty tasty. The one disappointment was the Acai bowl; and it's the only reason I can't give them five stars. It was generally pretty flavorless. The person who made it made two at a time so perhaps the juice to ice ratio was a bit off. It just kinda tasted like nothing at all. The fresh fruit on top was fresh and tasty. If I want an Acai bowl the future I'll probably order from Igloo or elsewhere in the city. That being said, Fuel is still one of my top quick-eats lunchtime and dinner destinations as the food is overall pretty good (and consistent).It is very true that the manager did indeed comp my order, which I very much appreciate. However, he comped my order not because of the delay, but rather because I had ordered a vegan sandwich with tofu. I confirmed when I ordered it that it was vegan, and again when I picked it up. When I bit into the "vegan" sandwich...it was chicken!!! I brought it back, rightly bothered (to say the least). It was for THIS my meal was comped, as it should have been.
All that said, my sandwich, once they finally got things right, was very good. Regardless, I won't return to this Fuel.Always fast and fresh. I love being able to choose between salad or panini. Fresh juices add a nice lift to the meal. Monica is always friendly and gets us in and out quickly. Since we're usually in a hurry this is a great added bonus.I went to Fuel Center City yesterday for the first time. Their menu does have a lot of options, and most dishes come as a salad, sandwich or panini. I had the South Philly panini: chicken, spinach, roasted red peppers, provolone cheese and a garlic spread. My girlfriend had a Roasted Turkey panini. I thought they were both pretty good, and we decided before we were done eating that we'd probably be back.
The decor of the place is very strange, though. My girlfriend summed it when she said, "they're trying to cater to juiceheads when they should be trying to target yogis." The plasma tvs are playing "fuel television" which from what I saw is just shitty house music videos. The rest of the dining area has a sterile, industrial type look, I guess fitting for the gym look they're shooting for.
So the food that we had was decent, tasted pretty good, came out hot and was a reasonable portion size. The ambiance leaves a lot to be desired, but I don't really think that's why people are coming to Fuel. One last cool side note, at the end of our meal our server handed us a scratch ticket to bring back next time.. apparently all tickets are winners and only redeemable if you scratch them in front of an employee... I thought it was a clever marketing tactic and I'll be back to see what I "won".Been sitting on publishing this since last summer... but here we go.
Decided to check this place out finally, even though I've had little interest in it's low-calorie mantra since hearing about the Passyunk Ave store opening. Don't get me wrong, I like the idea of menu choices that source fresh ingredients, but don't claim on your chalkboard to use local ingredients when the tomato in my sandwich was so mealy and pale pink it's impossible it's from nearby soil. Local tomatoes in the summertime are a dime a dozen, and have a deliciously full flavor. 
The fact that James Van Der Beek recently dined there should have been enough of a red flag to get a sandwich somewhere else...
Oh, and the under 500 calories bit doesn't include the bread the sandwiches come on. Give me a break.Unlike it's South Philly site, this location wasn't dance club thundering loud, thankfully. I had the shrimp canapes as appetizer (quite nice), and a roasted turkey panini with pesto as main course. That was very good. The salad, however, had so much vinegar that I literally was gagging and coughing. Way overdone with that. My companion had the portabella panini which she enjoyed very much.
Also had the pumpkin cheesecake with walnut and pralines for dessert, which was very good also, as was my friend's key lime pie.
The waiter was very helpful, describing everything in detail. Almost too much detail. :-) Quite vegetarian and vegan friendly, and they made a point of emphasizing their gluten-free options, didn't really notice any difference with non-gluten free, which is a good sign.
I would come back..Fuel is definitely a nice, quick place in the area to grab a quick sandwich, salad, or wrap. All of the ingredients they use are delicious and fresh and I've never really had a bad experience with their food. I typically prefer to grab take out considering the restaurant itself is a little stuffy, but there are some tables hidden away by the windows, which seem nice. I recommend the B.M.T panini or their brunch wraps, but seriously, it's all pretty good. The only negative thing I have to say is that the calorie count on the food can't be accurate. Some of it seems much more fattening than it says, but I guess it's better not to know, right? I'll just pretend my panini slathered in pesto and fresh mozz was a healthy decision for the day.I go to Fuel a few times a week.  One of the better Center City lunch options.  The "High Protein Grilled Cheese" panini is a winner.  You have the option to go gluten free with any panini if need be.  Keep one thing in mind though if you are on a diet -- bread is NOT factored into the calories and Weight Watchers points.  It says it real small on the back of the menu.So I hadn't eaten in about 24 hours, just sort of happened.  I went for my noon time crossfit session and needed to grab lunch on the way back to the office.  I've been trying to be healthy so the options down Walnut street were not exactly what I was looking for.  Then I spotted Fuel across the street.  I figure if I  go there it will be easy to stay healthy.  
I went with the Thai Chicken Wrap.  I was unaware of the Gluten free bread option.  Will definitely get that next time.  The wrap was tasty, the veggies were fresh, and there was a good amount of chicken.  I also grabbed a kiwi smoothie (remember I skipped two meals?).  That was pretty good too, not overly sweet.  
I won't be going out of my way to get here, but definitely a good option for a post-work out lunch, although its a little expensive.The banana whip machine was broken at Hip City Veg, so I thought I'd check out the banana whips at fuel.  The banana whip seemed like it was premade and then frozen and then slightly reheated.  Unlike the soft-serve texture I expected, it tasted like an inconsistently warm on the outside and frozen/icy banana pudding.  It was also topped with whip cream, detracting from the goal of a healthy dessert.  
I've also had a panini there that was underwhelming.  Save your money and walk to Hipcityveg.I love this place! It's one of the few places in center city that deliver healthy organic food and juices! Every entree is under 500 calories. My favorite sandwich is the south philly panini and I always order the Hulk Juice. Only downfall is the delivery wait time. Last time I ordered I waited for an hour and 15 minutes after being getting ETA of delivery under 45 mins. 
It wont stop me from ordering from here, but I'll be placing my order a lot earlier.Second FUEL location I've been to. First one was in South Philly. I love this place! And the food is healthy and satisfying. I am now your loyal customer Oh! Great One!I feel duped!! 
I kept wondering how they came to their under 500 calorie claim, as it didn't seem to add up.  How can something with ingredients such meat, cheese, pesto, etc., AND bread add up to only approx 300-400 calories?  Without sacrificing relatively good flavor?? Lo and behold, on the very last page of the menu, at the bottom of the page, I see that calorie counts do NOT include bread.  How do you have a section for panini's and wraps, list calorie counts, but then state that the bread/wrap is not included??
Well, for those of you who are calorie/carb/points counting, feel free to add at least an extra 200 calories to the listed calorie counts in the menu--bringing the calorie count for most of their panini's/wraps to well above 500 calories.  What kind of trickery and dishonesty is this??  So disappointed. Just be honest and avoid the gimmicks, Fuel!  And how about you actually list the calorie/carb  count for the panini bread/wraps that you  conveniently excluded from your menu. 
And if I'm wrong, and somehow misread or misinterpreted the menu, I would love for one of the owners to address this....if not, I'll take  your silence as an admission of guilt.This place is a great place to eat. Everything here is under 500 calories, and the meals leave you feeling content, so you don't have to worry about  still being hungry when you leave. The first time I came, I got the Shrimp and Avocado salad. It was delicious. I was so glad I found this place, I couldn't wait to return. I returned to Fuel today and split the Fuel Sampler with a friend. The Guacamole with the charred corn was the best! I also decided to get "The Wake me up" smoothie, which was a great choice. Definitely a must, if you are in Philadelphia!I've only been here for breakfast/brunch-y items, so I can't speak to their menu at other times, but I really enjoyed the brunch I spent here. I had a pretty bad cold that day, so I initially just wanted something healthy regardless of taste, but I was pleasantly surprised by how good everything was! I had "the hulk" juice and a salmon frittata, and I have absolutely no idea how they packed that much flavor into the frittata for how lean it was (and, yes, I could tell that they didn't secretly sneak some extra fat in there without telling). I got some coupons outside the restaurant, so I came back with my husband the next day, and we both loved our smoothies, so I can safely recommend those as well. Also, I felt much less sick after my first visit and pretty much better after the second - don't know if it was a causal relationship but it didn't hurt...Service was lovely; charming brunette waitress was attentive and kind. The blasting techno was acoustically-offensive and the food was mediocre, though the gluten-free options were appreciated.their food is fresh and tasty. this is one of my favorite places to order lunch when i'm at work and don't have a lot of time to sit and dine.
i always get the chicken and gorgonzola and it is delicious. you have a choice of bread and how you want it as a sandwich or wrap. i always get it as a panini. they always also give you a side salad with each sandwich which is a great healthy bonus. i have never tried their coffee bevs but their smoothies are good in the summer. it's a little pricey for lunch but definitely worth it for all the good lip-smacking nutrition.Ordered over the phone. Prices were higher than what was on the website and I was initially overcharged. Ordered the turkey with goat cheese, a chicken sandwich and the chocolate mousse cake. The chicken sandwich was extremely dry and the chicken was clearly over cooked. No flavor to the sandwich and the accompanying salad left something to be desired. The chocolate mousse cake was small and lacked the normal deep rich flavor of mousse and was extremely bland. Definitely better places in this areaFood is OK.  Smoothies are good but pricey.  Service at lunchtime is terrible!  The service was so slow that I had to have them wrap it up to-go.  Also, I ordered a salad and asked if it had red peppers on it.  The waiter's response was "no, if it's not listed on the menu, it definitely isn't on the dish."  So, when I got back to my office, I was surprised to find that it was coated in Balsamic Salad Dressing, as the menu said NOTHING about this and said it had a peanut dressing.  I've been three times with Meh experiences the first two times and a horrible experience the third time.  I think I'll be skipping this joint the next time I need a meal.We got a Groupon and went for brunch. The Groupon was a very good deal! The food was mediocre. I would probably go back for a smoothie or juice but not for food. I got the avacado toast which was actually just toast with guacamole on it. It was alright, lots of flavors with the eggs and sirracha and sun dried tomatoes. The coffee as well was very watered down. 
The environment and service was great but not so much the food.Thumbs down for enticing me in with a level up discount and then not being able to scan my code. Won't be back.Gluten free offerings. The panini bread always falls apart, and the South Philly sandwich is so good!. The lettuce wraps are delicious. I have enjoyed the salads too. About a $10-12 lunchOrdered a chocolate-ccino. It was pretty good considering. The place lacks personality as it is really worse than the Cosi down the street. If it wasn't for the Groupon, I wouldn't have come this way. There's no Wifi and the place isn't too big. I would come again with some reservations.I signed up just to write this review. This place is pretty hit and miss. You either get the hipster vegans who look at you the wrong way if you eat gluten or the nice hipsters who serve good food. Either way, the food is always pretty good. A little pricy, but good.
The main problem comes in when getting delivery. I've gotten delivery from these guys five times now, and most of the time something is a little wrong. Usually not as bad as it is tonight, but the last time I got a drink with my order it was only lemonade and didn't kill my meal if a little spilled. Tonight I got some veggie flatbread and a large green tea smoothie. If you are going to offer drinks for delivery, you really need to have a good way of delivery this! I am pretty sure your flatbread is supposed to be... I dunno... somewhat crunchy? Not a heaping soggy mess drenched in green tea.
It might not be right to color my opinion based on one incident, but I'm pretty disappointed. Please don't offer drinks if you can't come through. I'm even willing to wait the hour for the food because it is so good and healthy (and DAMN if that Balsamic Reduction isn't the tastiest damn thing ever)... but I guess I can't get my green tea fix anymore without risking soggy sandwiches. 
On the bright side, as soon as I called, they offered to send me another one right out. So very nice people, very good food. But do be careful what you choose to order for delivery! These get delivered by backpack on bike!So, based on a recommendation from a co-worker, I ordered for the first time, several items for delivery via Grubhub. Unfortunately, that was my mistake.
-1 star. Wait time.
The delivery wait time was exceeded by about forty-five minutes and the follow-up call to the restaurant was met with a half-hearted apology.
-1 star. Missing items from our delivery order. 
Unbagged everything and saw that several items were missing from the delivery order. Missing several side orders and an entree order.
-1 star. Customer service.
When calling Fuel about the order, I spoke with the Manager on duty or Amanda (Sorry, if misspelled) who was both rude and indignant! The MoD argued that the order was fulfilled in full, which is fine since she's performing her job as an expediter and manager, but she went beyond acceptable customer service by insinuating that I was lying about the missing order. In addition, MoD was also arguing that I might have received extra items or food and I was not reporting it.
In the end, I had to argue to get the remaining items fulfilled, but, ultimately, didn't appreciate the fact that the Manger was both, rude and argumentative.
tl;dr: Received a bland meal, waited a super long time, and got very rude customer service from staff.
First and LAST time ordering from this establishment. Would not recommend to friends & family.While the Thai Tofu Wrap was delicious, the service was awful. No warm greeting, swift but cold checkout plus a long wait for my food. I ordered it as takeout with the thought of eating outside, but it started to pour so I sat at a table inside. A server approached me to tell me I couldn't sit there because they have "waitress service" -- Which I totally get because I work in the industry -- But she didn't give me a chance to discuss before shooing me away. I would have tipped had she let me stay. At $12 for a wrap and green tea, I'd expect much better hospitality. Also a warning: The posted calorie count does not include bread, so my wrap was actually 535 calories versus the 375 that's listed (http://www.fuelrechargeyourself.com/calories.php).I wasn't impressed on my recent visit to Fuel. While the staff was friendly, service was rather slow. My husband said the sweet potato fries were good, but whatever they mix into the turkey burger just didn't work. 
My salad was okay, but way too expensive for something I could make on my own or get elsewhere for much cheaper. I'd definitely go back to try a smoothie, since it's seems that's what they're known for. But the food...I'm not rushing back anytime soon.