Just moving to the 2100 block of South Street I'm thrilled I have to look no further for my neighborhood chinese fix. General Tso's Chicken was a nice mix of little spice and the right color. Generous amount, and seems to be a family run place, as a little girl was training at the cash register! I'll be back!Ordered from Fuzhou House to a building with a doorman.  They called and refused to come into the building, asking us to meet them on the street to deliver. They called and stated they couldn't park.  EVERY TIME I have ordered from another delivery place, they park and come into the building. There is courtesy parking next to our building for delivery people and explained this to them.
They called twice, angrily stating they would not come into the building, wanting us to come to the street to pick up the food.  Worst off, when he finally delivered food, told us to not order there again.
Very unprofessional service.  Worst delivery service.  Will not be ordering here again due to that experience.I was surprised at how good my food was, considering how bad the reviews are. My husband and I decided to try the general tso and myself the phad tai. He said his was good. Now mine was great. I would definitely order again. The thai shrimp rolls and their buffalo wings were really good tooI really wanted to like this place because it is so close to my house. Totally mediocre at best. I ordered wonton soup and got egg drop soup. The egg drop soup was exactly what you would expect from American-Chinese take-out. The pork egg roll was super greasy and left me feeling sick.  The Thai food sounded good on the menu but it really was nothing special. The Thai Mango Chicken and the Drunken Noodles both did not contain all the ingredients that were listed on the menu. There are many other better chinese places by far so I recommend that you skip this place.Decent food, average prices and perhaps best of all, online ordering.  The service is quick and I can't complain about the food.  Then again, I am usually eating it after a night of drinking, so anything tastes good after copious amounts of booze.
For real though, I've also had their food sober many times.  If you're too tired/hot/drunk to cook, Fuzhou House is a budget-friendly option.  
Oh and free delivery if you live within a 1 mile radius (I feel like since they have this option, it's only natural that I should take advantage of it, even if I can walk to the place in 3 minutes.)Just order.  It is better and fresher than anything else at this price range and they have very fast delivery.Worst customer service. From the rude telephone lady who was terse and short tempered when taking the order , to the delivery guy who called saying he was here, was not , then called 5 minutes later and wanted me to come get the delivery at his double parked car. Additionally, was charged $4  for rice that was supposed to be part of my " combo meal". Food was bland, it was obviously sitting for a while under a heater. 45 minutes for food that was pretty much inedible, ruined more by the experience ordering and getting the food. I WILL NOT Order from this poorly run, horrible  customer service establishment. There are too many good Chinese take out places that actually want and appreciate your business - and the food is much better the here.So I haven't written a review about this place yet because I still after ordering from here several times, can't figure out what to say. The food is always fast and hot. I normally go pick it up but they also do free delivery within a mile which totally came in handy this past winter. 
I normally think their food is just ok. I wish their vegetable fried rice had more flavor. I normally get hot oil and dump it all over it. This is normally my staple order. 
However, this last time we ordered tofu with garlic sauce, vegetable lo mein, and my boyfriend ordered the chicken pad Thai and they were all really good! I think this is why it gets tricky. Not sure when you order what you will get!
I will still continue to order from here and of course appreciate the proximity. Just beware that it can be hit or miss depending on the day!Great Chinese take out. Though a little far from me, so happy to bike here to pick up. 
Their fried rice is on point! (We've tried all of them.) and my husband loves their general tsao chicken combo (extra spicy) and I'm obsessed with their beef egg foo young combo!!!! We love this place!!!A few weeks ago a man dressed in a chicken costume was handing bright yellow flyers out on Market St. I didn't know what it was for, but decided to take one...since this man was squawking and clucking at 7:30am on one of Philadelphia's busiest arteries the least I could do was indulge him. Turns out the paper was for 50% off an online order from allmenus.com, a happy coincidence since I work in non-profit making next to no money out of the goodness of my heart and it was a non-pay week. My co-workers and I went ahead and placed an online order for lunch, it arrived hot and right on time, no fuss no muss and at half off, this place already got a two thumbs up. So how was the actual food? Well it really wasn't that bad....it wasn't by any means terrific, but passable. Egg Foo Young lasted two meals, the dipping sauce was ok and the egg wasn't overcooked. The rice was just kind of "meh"...but it's rice, I can deal. I can't speak for the rest of my co-workers, but I didn't hear many complaints so I guess they were happy with their selections. Lunch meals never really exceed $6 and come with rice of the white or fried variety, as well as a soup, egg roll, or soda. 
I don't think this is exactly the kind of place that I would want to explore their more fanciful options like their walnut shrimp or pretty much any of their Thai offerings. Maybe it's because I used to live in Chinatown and look for any excuse to go back for the good stuff, and maybe because this place strikes me more as just another Americanized Chinese take-out storefront, but for the price and what you get, it's definitely one to keep the menu around for lazy days.Recently got delivery here- the delivery time was a bit slow (took about an hour) and they forgot one of my items.  The food however is good and they have a huge selection of items on their menu- including Thai, imitation meat options, and a lot of things you don't typically see from a Chinese food delivery place.  The food here is pretty cheap and with the great selection I'm sure I'll be ordering from here in the future.For what it is it's perfect. Cheap, greasy, and a great value. Can always get two meals out of dinner items. I always get fried dumplings and eda mame. The pad Thai is good, make sure to get it extra spicy and its even better the next day. Don't expect authentic recipes, but sometimes you just want convenience and quick food. Does not disappoint. Their vegetarian stuff is also very tasty.Tried their delivery for the first time & I am very pleased. Large portions, hot, fast delivery, & overall great value. This is my new go-to Chinese takeout spot. My favorite was the scallion pancakes. Yum!We ordered about a week ago and the Pad Thai was excellent!! Everything was hot and fresh and the egg rolls weren't bad either. Best take out for the price. Yum.Standard Chinese food delivery. However, the driver was extremely rude. He criticized me for making him go to far, even though the order was placed through grubhub and accepted by the restaurant. Overall the food wasn't good enough to justify putting up with rude service.Cheap and decent. Not anything more or less than you would expect. Great crab rangoons and they're under $4! Dumplings are not my fave, too much ginger and chewy. They're always quick and the delivery people are nice. This place is like a trust old car, it's going to get you where you want to go but you're not going to get there on style.I had one of those weeks recently when you don't even have time to order Chinese take-out (but you inevitably do because your fridge is empty and you need greasy, savory, preferably fried food to keep you sane). That's when I decided to give Fuzhou House a try.
This place is super close, convenient to order from online (place my order just before I leave work and pick it up on the way home), and not half bad in terms of food.  The portions are generous and everything is generally tasty.  I'm quite fond of the egg rolls that come with their combos.  Even their Pad Thai was pretty darn good (why a Chinese place has pad thai is a bit confusing, but in the land of Chinese fast food I guess there are no rules).
Prices are decent but not dirt cheap.  The convenience more than makes up for it though.  Just remember, they charge 50 cents for card if you don't order more than $10.Recently this place has changed for the better. It is cleaner and offers much better food and service than before. If you are looking for good takeout that can be catered to your exact desire, this is the place to go. They are super flexible in their menu options and will make alterations in dishes to suit your liking. Yeah it's typical greasy takeout, but it tastes fresh and hits the spot if that's what you're in the mood for. Only on a rare occasion have I had to wait awhile for my order, they are fast and friendly. My favorite dishes are the Hot and Spicy Shrimp and the Szechuan chicken, these are dishes they make that aren't even on the menu!a haiku:
suprisingly good...
veg beef is f-in slamming!
hot and sour: so-so.Cancelled our order for no reason after 5ish hours of waiting (and no this does not mean 10 minutes that equal 5 hours - it was hours). Unprofessional and will never order from again. Plenty of other Asian places to order from in Philly. Now I am just hangry because I want food.this place serves decent chinese take out. If you just want some quick, cheap, plentiful eats -- this is the right place. Don't avoid it because of its looks.  
I usually get the chicken and broccoli lunch special. There have been times that the lunch special has been large enough to feed me for two meals. it's a decent deal.Worst takeout food.  The food was salty and greasy. Worst of all, we found a LARGE bug in our food for which we never received an apology or any acknowledgement for our complaints.  Will never order from here again.Stumbled upon Fozhou House recently thanks to GrubHub and it's out new chinese location!
Service is fast, staff is friendly.  The ability to easily customize your spice level on hot and spicy dishes is great!
Try the bacon pineapple fried rice!This place is solid! The General Tso's is top notch, while the owners are good people. Have to say this is some of he beat Chinese food around.Ordering online was easy, however, they took over an hour to deliver my food 10 blocks away.  They were polite.  But, the food wasn't impressive at all, even by Chinese takeout standards.The great thing about chinese take-out is no matter where you order, you know what you're getting.  There's consistency as most places are offering the same menu with the same preparations with the game ingredients.
I ordered shrimp fried rice, chicken kung pao, and won ton soup.  The shrimp fried rice was absolutely obliterated and overcooked.  The kung pao was jut chicken and vegetables with peanuts over top, no heat whatsoever, although I indicated I'd like it spicy.  The eggroll that came with the meal was very greasy with too much breading.  The won ton soup was the only thing I enjoyed.
All in all, it was a lot of food for less than $15.  The downside is that my trashcan is full.Absolutely horrible, if I could give this place and it's staff a zero I would!!! Horrible service the staff is extremely RUDE!!! The store was dirty, Basic food, nothing special... they will never get my money!Solid Chinese take-out/delivery. We ordered delivery and it arrived in about 20 minutes so already off to a great start! The food was good across the board but each item had something that kept it from being great. The General Tso chicken was good but the sauce was fairly nonexistent leading to a dry rice-chicken combo. The hot and sour soup was good but the tofu was a little overwhelming in size and the broth lacked significant taste. The pan fried dumplings were pretty great though even though they only came with a teeny tiny side of sauce. I think there were about 8 dumplings to an order which was pretty awesome.
The only full disappointment was the teriyaki beef (aka beef on a stick). It was way overcooked and more like beef jerky in consistency and taste. Very unfortunate. 
Having had inconsistent grub from other local Chinese food places in Philadelphia we are still on the hunt for the best. However, on a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the best Chinese take-out I've had IN PHILADELPHIA, Fuzou House takes a solid 8.5.Just ordered delivery from Fuzhou House. It was about as easy as it gets- online ordering from a very clear menu, easy online payment and ability to include tip, and relatively quick delivery. Great General Tso chicken. I don't like spicy and appreciated that they gave me a choice between mild, medium, and spicy online. Also really enjoyed their donuts too. Portions are normal to largeish. Would definitely order from them again. $15 minimum for delivery but no delivery fee.The food got here really fast. The crab Rangoon was really really good possibly baked not fried. The sweet-and-sour chicken was kind of Soggy and some of the pieces tasted a bit like chemicals. They gave us for fortune cookies and we only ordered one entrée so that's awesome because I I am usually sharing food with a friend and we only get one fortune cookie from most placesGreen awning, bright lights
Nothing special to eat here
Get lazy and go
There is a dearth of good Chinese carry out on this side of the city. Sadly Fuzhou carries that banner of mediocrity just like all the other local spots, catering to folks who want the most accessible and Americanized Chinese they can find. It's mostly bland, and when it isn't it's too salty.
The menu is exactly like you'd imagine a city Chinese spot that isn't too good to be. The sesame chicken is my favorite, not because it's good but because there's enough leftover it can cover two late night meals.
The saving grace here is that it's the lower priced of all the spots in the area while still being on par with the blandness. The only time I snag food from here is when I am feeling incredibly lazy and don't want to cook, walk more than 4 blocks or pay for delivery.They have a lot of vegetarian options, which is nice, but it's pretty typical takeout.  The portions are good, and the chicken in the stir-fried dishes is not heavily coated in starch.  The brown sauce is decent but nothing special.  It's a good takeout option if you manage expectations.We ordered pick-up from here on a bad flu day..
Good soothing hot n sour soup that I was grateful for..
The crispy duck was dry though, and how you can manage to get duck dry, I can't possibly imagine!
All in all, a savior on a sick day, but I'll try other places when I want to have real good food.I want to like them more - food is good, reasonably priced, always hot, and gets here fast. Add to that the fact that it tastes better than any other Chinese place in Graduate Hospital, and you should have a winner  However, when you mess up my order and refuse to fix it because you didn't write down the chicken in "Steamed Chicken and Broccoli," my heart breaks and I'm resorted to making my own chicken to go with the broccoli and rice that are now cold. Disappointing night...Horrible customer service - I live 2.04 miles from the restaurant and they wont deliver even though the website clearly states $1.00 for up to 3 miles.  When I told the lady the website confirms they deliver up to 3 miles and I am under that she rudely said she would deliver but it would be even longer (1 hour) - NO THANKS!!!!Solid Chinese food.  Great lunch special until 330 and includes a generous entre portion, fried rice and soup or drink for around $5.  Similar special for dinner which runs ~$7.Typical Chinese take-out place. 
Dinner meals are a great deal
Food was good. 
Except for a delivery glitch, everything was good. 
I'll order from here again but likely will just pick up next timeI'm not sure if they've changed their dumplings, or if I just haven't had them in a while, but their steamed dumplings were GREAT. They weren't the super doughy type that you see at every other Chinese restaurant. Light thin shell, and lots of pork. Very nice.Everything was fine until the delivery driver dropped off the food. He refused to give me the receipt but luckily I had ordered online and knew the price. He continued to call and tell me that I didn't give him a tip and that I was a liar even though I knew exactly how much it was and I did give a tip. He eventually said whatever and hung up on me. I will never order from here again just because of that.Delicious no frills inexpensive Chinese food.  Try their Thai dishes, too- quick prep and delivery!We love Fuzhou House! It reminds me of the Chinese take out in Brooklyn and NJ that I had growing up. No frills but good, Americanized Chinese food, plus a few other non-Chinese Asian dishes - Thai curry, pad thai, etc. inexpensive, quick and reliable! Highly recommend.I don't know why there wasn't a fork and paper towels. I told you exactly what you needed.Although service was fast, the delivery guy was rude. He called me twice making sure I was to be on my way, and I supposedly gave the wrong address. Ok, he comes, its pouring down raining, I stand outside in the rain and he finally gets out of the car to give me the food. Now he is pointing to cash, I paid with credit card. I guess he was asking for a tip, I don't know. He finally said, "Never mind", with an attitude and ran away. Now, the food; ordered extra spicy Scallop and garlic, scallops pretty much non-existent and it was not extra spice. Rude service and food not up to par. Taking my business elsewhere.Strongly recommend their Yat! I tried chicken and pork Yat; both are good! Tastes like very authentic Chinese homemade noodle!This place is what you expect it to be. It's a quick chinese joint that you can get food at when you are in a rush and need to scarf down something. Not many people are seen eating here. It's definitely more of a take-out place. I wouldn't go here expecting fine dining, but rather a quick option for pretty standard chinese food.My first time ordering, I was pleasantly surprised, the food was, " AMAZING!" It arrived 10 minutes early, that was awesome by its self, but the food was the best! I will definitely order again!Love my hole in the wall chinese spots. This isn't gourmet eating, but its good chinese for cheap. My go to spot for to go chinese in grad hospitalDelivered fast and courteous. This is could be my new favorite Chinese take out go to...Almost perfect Gen Tso chicken, less breading would be great! Don't change the vegetable fried rice please as it's loaded with veggies that are not mushy. Shrimp egg rolls needs more than one shrimp, dissatisfied indeed. Try a little harder and I'll be calling again.DO NOT GO HERE. BUYER BEWARE. The girl who works the register most nights tried to steal money from me and my boyfriend and probably countless other people. Not a big amount, she'll "forget" to give you a dollar back in change. Unless you stand there and stare at her, she won't offer it back. Happened to me one night, and then she tried to do it to my boyfriend a few weeks later but I had told him about it so he got his dollar back. Months passed and last week, she did it again except it was $2. If you wanna order from here, only do it through Grubhub. If you pay in cash, count your change.Not bad. Kind of hard to differentiate from other spots in the area, but for sure the go-to in Grad Hospital for Americanized Chinese food. Call-in order was ready in less than 10 minutes. It was still piping hot and can take as many condiments as you want at the restaurant. Thai dishes were more Thai-inspired than the actual thing (e.g., Drunken Noodles). Would stick to Chinese menu.The food is hot when delivered. It's a good go to when you need an americanized Chinese fix. Prices are good, food is good.Solid singapore chow mei fun. I ordered pick up quite close to closing and had no issues.Classic American Chinese takeout! I like their general tso's combo that comes with rice and either an eggroll or soup. Their portions are big with low prices. I typically order online with yelp/grubhub and pick it up, super easy it's always ready on time.I have enjoyed ordering from this restaurant for years, but they are not following proper COVID precautions. I recently stepped into the restaurant to pick up a take out order, and none of the employees had masks on - from the girl ringing up my order at the register to the cooks in the back preparing my (and others') food. They have signs up stating that patrons must wear a mask at all times, but do not adhere to these standards. This is a very disturbing public health violation, and I am not sure if I will be ordering from here again until the pandemic is under much better control.This is a bit of a mixed review. I actually like this place for good old fashion Chinese food that I used to get back in the day.  However my only problem was with the delivery service. I actually called the restaurant first to ask if they delivered and they used to do this but they no longer do and they said I needed to go through GrubHub or Uber eats. I asked what the house special soup was and they told me it was wonton soup with chicken pork and vegetables. I ordered this on grub hub.  I also asked specifically for duck sauce and mustard. The wonton soup had no wontons at all and there was no duck sauce or mustard. I liked it much better when you could just call the restaurant and they would put the order together. I don't know where the breakdown occurs. Overall though the food is pretty good.  In general,  I don't like these delivery services.  I know they don't put the food in the bag but there still seems to be way more mistakes when a delivery service is involved.This place does not seem to take COVID seriously. We placed an order over the phone and had to wait a while for the food, which is not a huge deal in this crazy time we're in BUT there were five people behind the counter and in the kitchen and there was NO MASK in sight. This is unacceptable for the food service industry. They have signs all over the place begging the patron to wear a mask but it seems they couldn't be bothered to wear one themselves. The plexiglass barrier they put up only covered half of the counter and the workers would occasionally come from behind the counter and out to the main area to grab beverages. Like I said, I don't mind waiting for my food, but there were at one point ten or so people in the small restaurant all definitely less than six feet away from each other. I waited outside of the restaurant for my food and took it home and blasted it in the microwave for a a minute or two just to be extra safe. When I finally ate the food it was nothing more than fine. Because I reheated it, I won't knock the texture of the food but overall it was kind of flavorless. Do the world a favor and never go here. Find a restaurant that takes the deaths of hundreds of thousands seriously and support them instead.Excellent Chinese-American food for a great price. Not soaked in oil. Always friendly service and quickly prepared. Best in Center City/South Philadelphia.I've always been satisfied with the food I've gotten here! I can't say it's the best, but I can definitely say it's not the worst. I usually go for the chicken lo mein and pork eggrolls - both of which get the job done. The vegetables haven't ever been a selling point and there have been times where I pick them out of my dish if they're too soggy/wilty. One thing to take note of if you ever go here is that it costs $1 extra if you're paying with a card as opposed to cash! Overall they food is made quickly and there's a high level of consistency. Try it once, and you'll know what to expect for every other time you order from here. Great for a quick lunch or a late night meal if you missed dinner and places are closed. The prices are also incredibly reasonable!This spot is excellent. A neighborhood staple in my opinion. Always consistent with their meals and very easy to order. My intention was to get feedback from anyone knowing if this spot is permanently closed or are they temporarily closed for work being done inside. Please provide any information that is helpful. Hope this spot will be back.Sunday Ritual. Everything is good on the menu. The happy family is my go to. Prices are good for how much food you getWhat the F did I just try and eat??
The beef on a stick is literally unedible. I could not chew parts of it and had to throw it out. Without a doubt the worst beef on a stick I ever ordered.
General Tso's Shrimp - the most doughly covering I have ever had and this is not a good thing at all. Glabs of sauce sporadically spread on the doughly pieces and I got a headache from I guess MSG before I was done the meal.
Wonton Soup - Dish water broth. We have all had bad wonton soup broth and this place unforunately has the "dish water broth wonton soup".
Thai Shrimp Roll - two for $4.75 and they leave the tails on them. I mean this is the one item you try and give a good presentation on?? It is not that bad but everything else I have tried here is extremely hit or miss.
I honestly feel like they get subpar products from their vendors to save money on food cost. 
I will not be coming back.Bummer. May be an example of "get what you pay for" and this was super cheap. 
The scallion pancakes were dripping with grease, such that they were soggy and floppy, with no crunch. (We did a pickup order from 5 min away so not like they were sitting out for a 45 min delivery.) I actually put them in the air fryer for a few minutes, then they weren't bad. 
The fried noodles (fried wonton strips) were completely stale, couldn't even eat them. 
We got fried rice: chicken and shrimp. There was more meat than expected, but that's the only real plus. Literally zero flavor. Not even a hint of soy sauce unfortunately, and only contained rice and lightly cooked onions (no egg or peas etc that I've come to expect from fried rice).
The fortune cookies were the best part of the meal :(As much as it pains me to say this, the food here just leaves a lot to be desired. I understand it's meant to be cheap Chinese fast food (which it is), but the flavors are really lacking. I got the bean curd, mei fun, and Mongolian beef, and I couldn't really taste the difference between each dish. Even just a little more salt could go a long way. That being said, one of the positives it that food is always ready within 10 minutes of calling, and it's always nice to support a family run business.It's cheap, I'll give you that, but it is not good. I ordered the curry chicken and hunan beef with fried rice. I've never had such watered down, tasteless curry in my life. The hunan was heavily lacking in spiciness but it was a decent tasting meal. The fried rice that came with my hunan beef was okay at best. I'm still interested in trying out more of their menu probably because it's got a lot to select and it's cheap. Hopefully I can find something I like and I will definitely update my review if I find that menu item."I suggest you tread very carefully."- Walter White (Breaking Bad)
Let me explain, extremely hit or miss here with the dishes. I was shocked when I saw Three flavor dumplings on the menu - nine dumplings, three chicken, three shrimp, three pork....sounds too good to be true right? 
The so called shrimp dumplings are definitely not shrimp and when I was asking the cashier if this really comes with three shrimp dumplings in it, she seemed hesistant to confirm and I think nodded. After trying the dish I can say I don't know what it is but I would never recommend anyone eat it. Two of the shrimp dumplings are showin the the picture attached on the far right. They are the dumplings that do not look like the others.
Moving right along...the Shrimp kung pao was quite good, let's give credit where credit is due. A spicy delicious sauce that is not overly sugarly and the shrimp were much better then the average shrimp from a chinese restaurant. 
When deciding when to order from here take into account the price is not bad compared to some other chinese take outs in the area but tread extremely carefully depending on how strong your stomach is and how brazen you want to be when ordering from the menu....would I order the chicken nuggets and the Pork Yat no...no..I would not.Fuzhou House isn't the best Chinese take-out I've had, but it's far from the worst. For about ten bucks, I got at least two meals out of my General Tso's chicken entree, which came with a pint of white rice. The chicken was even better straight out of the fridge the next afternoon. 
The employees are friendly, the place is clean and I just found out they also deliver for free.