Gennaro's is a great place for late night food.
We came here after a few bars on a Friday night. The pizza was freshly made, low cost and delicious.
There is plenty of seating inside and the late night was incredibly nice to us.They take credit card, great spot. I've always walked by and saw the giant "PIZZA STEAKS" sign outside and finally decided to stop in. Pizza by the slice, wings, fries, hoagies, and grinders. All you need for a local pizza spot. Food is what you would expect at a place like this, and the cashiers are very friendly. Also an ATM inside as well if you need to grab some cash.I mean, for a pizza/wings/bad-for-your-heart kind of food place, you can't beat this! This is my husband and I's go-to pizza joint for Friday nights. We always order out- eating there is not recommended.Delivery delivery showed up drunk and tried to break into my apartment. Ended up nearly hitting two cars on the street and when I called they hung up on me. This place has bigger issues than it's nasty pizza.Gennaro's pizza is fabulous! The Margherita pizza is our favorite.  I've been ordering delivery from Gennaro's for about 6 months and the quality has been 100% consistent.  The crust has a wonderfully yeasty taste. The ingredients are really fresh.  I highly recommend.If there was a zero review, I'd give it!!! Disgusting greasy food just delivered! Bonus...how is it possible to deliver a small pizza sideways???? Do you guys have an extra supply of cheese? Fries covered, could not even eat them! Sorry but will never order again!Your standard, go-to pizza/Italian joint. 
Pizza and pasta is decent. It's a little on the greasy side. The pasta servings are hearty. 
The hoagies are unreal good. The antipasto has tuna- and not like canned tuna salad type. Chunks of it. All of the options, hot or cold are great.From NY and found this gem visiting philly. Awesome food and people. Highly recommend.Great pizza, and thats coming from a new yorker!  Go for their specialty slices, but they dont have anything too crazy.
Their chicken fingers and honey mustard platter is also amazing!Gennaro's pizza to the rescue. Stuck at home studying for midterms and the convenience of ordering online helped feed our zombie selfs. The large pizzas were truly large, cheese was gooey and chewy like it should be and the crust was so soft. All for a price we could affor. They'll be hearing from us again once finals roll aroundGreat neighborhood pizza and steaks place that has everything from pizza to burgers, steaks, hoagies, fries, you name it.  Comfort food at its best!  Very friendly staff, the food is affordable and the quality is superior to anything else I've tried in the area. I've had their pizza, steaks, mozzarella sticks, mozzarella fries, and hoagie. All excellent. Much more in the menu I'm looking forward to trying. I highly recommend this place.Ordered from seamless and the restaurant had trouble finding my order. Not sure who was at fault there however. 
In any case, my cheesesteak was horrible: dry with cheap cheese and devoid of flavor. My garlic bread was also weak sauce: doughy with cheap margarine.Gennaro's is a great place to grab a quick bite to eat. Their pizza and hoagies are really good. I have ordered food from here many times and have not had a complaint about any of their items on the menu. I highly suggest you try it because once you do, you will always order their food when you're watching sports. That's what I typically do.I needed to update my review here and take away another star. I order the Gennaro's special pizza. Once I opened up the box and reached for a slice of pizza. The bottom of the pizza was so greasy. The pizza fell apart. I called and they delivered another one that wasn't much better. I'll pass of Gennaro's pizza from now on. 
The cheese steaks here are the best I had in Philly.Chicken finger platter was delicious!!
Their fried scallops platter are to died for.Great pizza and wings. Good price. It's worth the extra walk to go here. Probably the best pizza in the neighborhood.Delicious pizza! The food arrived about 10 minutes earlier then the quoted time. The pepperoni pizza was piping hot! Pepperoni, cheese, crust - all good, no complaintsDistinctly average pizza, but cheap and convenient for the locals. White pizza trumps the regular red sauce. Caveat, I am a former New Yorker so maybe my standards are too high ;)I ordered a turkey hoagie from here for dinner last night. The service was quick, and everything was reasonably priced. There were tons of menu options- exactly what you'd expect from a pizza place. I'll definitely order again.Can I give zero stars? I have eated their pizza and I liked it a lot. However, I ordered a pizza for delivery, and it never came. This is not the way to do business.Awful experience. Was told 45 minutes for delivery and it took 70. Once the pizza finally arrived something on it tasted spoiled. Will not be using again. Only reason for two stars was that the woman working the phone refunded my purchase.1  Pizza Romana Pizza  $ 12.70
Subtotal $12.70
Tax $1.14
Delivery Fee $1.50
TOTAL $15.34
Great pizza, fast delivery. Crust was excellent. Overall it was a great experience. I will be ordering from here soon. The Romana pizza had fresh tomatoes, sliced onions, sweet basil, and extra cheese. My only complaint is that there wasn't that much basil on it. Don't expect your pizza to be covered in whole leaves. It was just torn up pieces about the size of a die and very sparsely scattered. It didn't detract too much from the experience, but with basil being in my top 3 herbs.... I have to give it 4 stars. Also, I only give 5 stars out to places I've ordered from many many times, so that I can also comment on the consistency and try a variety of menu items. But I will be ordering again Gennaro's!NOTE: This is the new location for this business: (http://www.yelp.com/biz/gennaros-pizza-philadelphia).  
Gennaro's is solid junk food.  We've ordered from them several times and have yet to be disappointed.  The buffalo fingers are awesome but super spicy, almost a little too spicy.  I can only eat one or two before putting the rest in the fridge.  The cheese fries are also an excellent choice.  The item that definitely surprised me with how much I liked it was their turkey burger.  I'm pretty sure it was a frozen patty, but it was juicy and had a nice black pepper bite to it.  
All of the steaks and hoagies on their menu have a "belly filler" option.  I'm not quite sure what that is, but when you click on it, you can add extra meat to it too.  These items both worry and intrigue me.  Maybe someday I'll feel brave enough to order one.  
Gennaro's prices may be cheap, but they certainly don't skimp on the quality of the food.Ever had pizza from a buffet, like in a hospital cafeteria? That's what this pizza tasted like. Except maybe more greasy. I wouldn't be surprised if they get their ingredients from Sysco.
The dough was soft and thick, the crust tasteless - as if it were defrosted, microwaved, then placed in the oven for a few minutes. (They didn't skimp on cheese, but that was no saving grace.)
One star for cheap price/ease of ordering online/speedy delivery.
One star for not making me sick. (Perhaps this is too generous.)
Overall, I'd recommend this pizza only to the intoxicated.Went to Philly on vacation for a week, made the mistake of taking the family to Hard Rock Cafe the first night (let the wife pick the dinner spot), the next night for dinner we ordered from Gennaros after reading the reviews, they were all spot-on, the pizza was delicious (Being from Chicago, I know a thing or two about good pizza), and the cheese steak was also great.  The best part, dinner was less than $22 for 4 adults and 2 kids. It was so good, we ordered from Gennaro's again on our third night!  Great food and even better prices!  I recommend this place to any tourists looking for a great home town spot.  I didn't get this but, they had a large pizza and 24 wing special for $17.99, told the owner he's GIVING it away... He just shrugged his shoulders in a "what are you gonna do" type of way and smiled.  Go to Gennaro's!Genaro's has very tasteful sandwiches and cheesesteaks. The delivery usually is relatively fast and they have never given me a wrong order. If you want to sit and eat they have some space for you to do so as well. It was clean and it organized when I went. I would definitely be ordering from them again and again.I think this was the first time in my pizza-gobbling life that I've ever had pizza delivered to my house that was actually STEAMING when I opened the box. 
Like actual steam was coming off the top of the pizza--as if they took it out of a hot glorious oven and drove it right to my house. 
Incredible. 
I ordered the Cheese-steak and a large pizza via Grubhub.com. Oh yeah, also the delivery man was polite enough to ignore my barking, crazed, 13-pound, deliveryman-hating dog who was attempting to squeeze through the door to bite him.Ordered delivery.  Delivery did take a bit but I'll say it was worth the wait.  Pizza is really good.  The sauce isn't sour like I've experienced with many other places and has the right amount of dough.  Not too thick or thin.  Will be new pizza place.Ordered a large pizza on a Sunday night. Took over 1.5 hrs to deliver. Had to call twice. Pizza is good but nothing special. Consider ordering from other places in the area if you want your food promptly. If you have all day to wait for regular generic pizza then this place is right for you.Ordered the chicken finger platter and the buffalo chicken Stromboli after a long strenuous football Sunday. The chicken finger platter was more than enough to fill a drunken stomach. They were crispy and were well paired with the honey mustard included. The small buffalo chicken Stromboli was more then enough to fill one grown ass man up and was packed with cheese and chicken. The only down size is that if you do order delivery it takes a little while. Well worth it if you don't mind waiting a little bit for your food.Nothing 'wow' here but we enjoyed ourselves. The decor was a little confusing. I'm not sure what sort of theme they are going for. The pizza slices are huge and full of flavor.I would not trust the good reviews.  Horribly rude staff and incompetent.  I tried ordering and received a call 45 minutes later after my initial order that they didn't have the food.  The manager told me not to use them in the future because I communicated my displeasure so I will not be recommending or using this restaurant in the futureThis place looks dirty as hell, and their hours aren't even right. Place was dark before 10pm on a Saturday. LAME.We ordered a ham sandwich, a Greek salad with chicken and chicken fingers for delivery. Prices are very good and delivery was pretty quick. Portion size was great. The Greek salad doesn't come with chicken but they added it for me. The salad was very large. I didn't try the ham sandwich but my boyfriend described it as awesome. I loved the quantity of feta cheese in my salad. 
The only disappointment was that both the chicken in my salad and in the chicken fingers were very dry and tasted slightly over cooked. I plan to order here again and hope the chicken is softer the next time. The chicken really had me torn between giving this place a 3 or 4 stars.Great pizza. We got the Gennarro's Special and it was awesome! The service was also friendly. We're excited to try kinds of pizza!I've ordered delivery from many different pizza places in the area, and so far, Gennaro's is my favorite. The pizza isn't especially remarkable, but it's good and consistent. I usually get cheese pizza and ask for it to be made with a little extra sauce, but that's just personal preference. They also have my favorite buffalo chicken cheesesteak in the area. They have quality bleu cheese dressing (which I always get on the side, not sure if that's standard or not) and just the right portion of tasty buffalo chicken steak served on a fresh soft Liscio's roll. I also really like their fries, which are not typically the best thing to order for delivery, but from Gennaro's they arrive still hot and crispy.
Speaking of which, their delivery is one of the fastest and most reliable I have found in Philly--their small delivery fee actually feels worth it. They are almost always early, or right on time at worst... never late in my experience. Once, I got my food fresh in less than half an hour (20+ minutes early!). They always come to the right door to my apartment (which is not clearly marked, and most delivery people don't go to the right place), and my notes/special requests on food items (small, easy to overlook things) are honored without any issue. It's nice that they actually read and follow the notes for both the order and delivery.
So basically, if you're in their delivery area and want to order standard greasy American/Italian food that is likely to be a pretty good version of whatever it is (and don't mind the small delivery fee, which in my opinion is worth the service), definitely take a look at Gennaro's!We get take out from here about once a week. While it's clearly not good for you it's delicious. The cheesesteaks and chicken cheesesteaks are awesome and the fries always show up crispy. Super fast delivery too. Our new take out spot.I have to say, the pizza from here reminded me of a combo between dominos and chuck-e-cheese. That being said, if you're looking for a quick, cheap, bite and don't mind the quality of the pizza you're getting- this is the place for you. However, if you're looking for some quality, thin crust slices with a nice ratio of cheese to sauce, try somewhere else. The pepperoni pizza made my boyfriend sick for the rest of the night.My partner and I were craving greasy pizza following all-day cheap chianti hangovers, and Gennero's had a lower delivery fee and was generally less pricey than other pizza places on GrubHub. Ordered a large double cheese, sausage, pepper & onion pizza and 12 hot wings. Delivery was on time, everything was STEAMING hot, and really hit the spot! The crust is a medium thickness, tasty, and held up under the toppings really well. Wings were very good, too. Gennaro's may become our go-to pizza delivery place!Very normal average pizza. Ordered large veggie supreme and it hit the spot like any pizza normally does.Gennaro's is the go-to, Friday night, I don't want to cook, and am too lazy to go to a nice sit-down restaurant pizza joint for my wife and I. We probably order from here at least once per month and have done both carry out and delivery (always get delivery; the guy they use is super nice and just really seems to be having a good time slinging pizzas).
When it comes to the pizzas, always go for the Gennaro's special. It has everything you could want on it, so long as your not one of those fancy "I like buffalo chicken pizza" people. The sauce is fantastic, but the star is the crust. I'm not a fan of thin or thick crust, so the medium they use at Gennaro's is perfect (crunchy on the outside, doughy on the inside of the edges). 
When it comes to other items on the menu, I wasn't a big fan of the fries when I've gotten them in the past, and my wife certainly doesn't care for the salads too much. If you're going to go there, make sure you stick to what made them famous in the first place.My fiance and I absolutely love Gennaro's! Whether you want pizza, a salad or a sandwich made belly filler style, they definitely have something for everyone. The salads are good and come with bread. The belly fillers are huge! We recently tried their pizza and were very happy with it. Pizza can sometimes be really salty and you feel like you have to keep drinking water from all the salt, but not this pizza! Will definitely keep going back!We were in Philadelphia for a few days and that first night we were just too tired to go anywhere really. We found this little place about 3 blocks south of where we were staying and decided to give it a shot. Truth be told, I didn't have very high expectations. We simply ordered from then because it was quick and nearby.
However, we found the food to be quite good. I ordered a cheesesteak, and we also got a large cheese pizza. Both were delicious. The pizza served us well for leftovers the next day as well. The cheese was good and while the sauce kind of had a lot to be desired it wasn't terrible. The crust was wonderful though. Nice and thick and crunchy.
Going and coming from there was quick as well - we were in and out with our orders in about 3 minutes.Good enough food but we ordered salads because it  is their Sunday special and realized they over charged us when they delivered the food. When we called to ask about the mistake, we were told they don't give the discount unless you ask about it. I have zero respect for a business that tries to charge more to a customer that they think is ignorant of their advertised deal. We will not be eating here again.Great spot on Bainbridge. Have gotten pizza here but also great sandwiches and other food here. Pick ups and delivery always on time and prices are reasonable.Stopped by for lunch one day. It's kinda tucked away on its own, so definitely a neighborhood find.
I ordered a meatball sandwich. It took a lot longer than I expected, so it was a good thing I had plenty of time. Perhaps next time I'll call ahead and make sure it's ready.
Once the sandwich arrived, it was hardy and flavorful.  Decent amount of meatballs and served with a sauce that wasn't too salty and just the right amount of cheese. I loved the bread - crusty on the outside, yet warm and soft with the meatballs.
I know Philly is going through a cold snap right now, but DANG, it was freezing inside. I kept my coat on the entire time.Like getting pizza from a gas station or 7/11. Awful crust and nothing tastes fresh. Hit Cosmos or Little Italy which are both just blocks away if you want a decent pie.i used to love this place.  i've ordered from them since the 80's.  i wish i could show the picture of the MUSHROOM cheesesteak i ordered.  there were maybe 4 tiny pieces of mushroom on the sandwich and when i called to tell them about it, they told me i was wrong. even though i was looking at the sandwich and had other people look as well.  there were no mushrooms and the guy on the phone said, "my dear, there are mushrooms on the sandwich - they're chopped up."  liar.  what a serious disappointment to be called a liar from a trusted place.  over 25 years i ordered from them...  i was so pissed off i cried.
and they did not even try to correct it...I get take out from Gennaro's all the time. Their double pepperoni pizza (Pepperoni Passion Plus) is thee BEST PIZZA IN PHILADELPHIA! The sandwiches are delicious also, like the Hot Grilled Reuben, even the BLT's are perfect! The staff is very friendly, I recommend Gennaro's to anyone who is hungry. The prices are affordable as well and living in the neighborhood, Ive noticed there are constantly cars coming and going from Gennaro's so, you know they're serving quality!Ordered through yelp, restaurant never answered the phone. Attempts to call back never worked.Called and placed an order for take out. We ordered a small pizza and baked ziti. They told us it would take 30 mins. We got there in 35 mins and it was all still in the oven so we had to wait. 
The pizza was really good. I would definitely get it again but it was that good that I would crave it. It was very greasy which I didn't like. 
The baked ziti only had cheese on the top so once that first layer was eaten it was honestly just red sauce and noodles. They definitely should put more cheese through the ziti.I was in Philly for work and staying at Sofitel Hotel, but I didn't want to eat the expensive food in the area. I went on Grubhub and ordered from here. I got a scallop platter for about $7 which is dirt cheap, and I got a small veggie stromboli for another $8. The stromboli was ginormous for a small! Everything also tasted very good. The scallop wan't overcooked, the cheese fries were deeelish, and the stromboli was nice and cheesy. I love Philly because of places like this. Good wholesome junk food at a good price.Good pizza, not a margarita! I was really craving the fresh mozzarella, tomato and basil, but got an extra cheese pizza with sporadic slices of tomato. It would have satisfied a stoner but not my sophisticated palate!!I went for a pick up order today, and the guy in the grill was cooking WITHOUT gloves. I thought it was just moment thing, but I waited like 1( minutes and everything he cooked he touch with his bared hands. He chopped some chicken and I saw him scratch his head with his hands dirty from the chicken and just went and grabbed a bunch of broccoli and chopped it with his bared hands. With a pandemic or No pandemic going it's not clean to cook customer foods without gloves  especially if you scratching your self.i swear ive written a review for this place, but i guess i was wrong!
Gennaro's is a neighborhood favorite.  I have had everything here no joke haha
- their deluxe cheeseburgers (comes with fries)
- chicken caesar salad (HUGE QUANTITY)
-gyros (both lamb and chicken)
- Stromboli (pepperoni option is super oily omgggg- veggie option - delish!  and their buffalo chicken- filled to the top!)
- Margherita pizza (not worth it) and their buffalo chicken pizza (oily but filling) 
- their chocolate cake (WHICH IS AMAZING)
All their food is great except the cheese fries/mega fries/whatever type of combo fries you buy - the fries come out soggy and they just don't hit the spot. Other than that I really cant complain about the food! Great fast service. 
Only time i hit a snag was when i had purchased a restaurant.com voucher and when i tried to use it they said 'they dont take them anymore....' which is weird since those never expire. BUT thats ok.. i still love their food and when i need something to eat but don't feel like going far I always choose them =)It is Greek style thicker crust. So yummy. Great delivery time. The best crumple sausage topping. You definitely have a repeat customer.Got their "famous" wings. They were some of the worst wings I've ever had. Bland sauce, overcooked & old wings.
Delivery person & restaurant also put down my order as cash even though I paid online. My bank app wasn't working so I couldn't check it and paid anyway. Will be telling my bank it was a fraudulent transaction and never getting food here again.1 star for quick delivery & 1 star for the jalapeño poppers. The pizza crust was incredibly thick (not in a good way), not enough sauce, and the cheese was burnt. It tasted like a red Barron frozen pizza.Don't order from here. More management and service and the food was mediocre at best... too many better options out there in Philly.  I ordered 3 items last night.  The delivery guy calls me and tells me to wait outside cause he is only a block away.  Excuse me? I ordered delivery, not pickup. I got no problem if you call me when you're outside my door instead of using the buzzer on the building but as a general rule of thumb: don't make your customer put on socks and shoes for a delivery order. If you outsource your delivery service you're still responsible as you chose them to represent your company.  Dude gets out of his car while I'm waiting on the street at nearly midnight (but his girlfriend in the front seat stayed in the car) and he hands me a pizza.  When I ask him where the rest of my order is he opens his back seat, searches the car and tells me "wait right there a minute". He gets back in his car leaving the door wide open, blocking both lanes of traffic to the point cars are honking at midnight, so he could call the restaurant. He comes back after a few minutes and tells me they didn't give the items to him and they would have to make it. I tell him ok but I'm not standing out here waiting, call me when he gets here....  hour later the restaurant is closed and never got the food we paid for. 
I call the store at 1 pm the next day, the owner/general manager remembers and apologizes and tells me to place an order and he'll take care of it.  I call back order a salad and a Sandwich and then deducts $9.  What?!?!  I guess "Taking care of it" just means give me the money back they stole from me?  I asked him what about the $2 cost of the delivery and the $5 tip I gave the night before and he told me that was my choice.  I like to tip well but we all know that when you order online you have to tip and pay before the order is even submitted without the benefit of evaluating the service. 
Pizza was decent, the sauce and cheese were good, the thickness was like something between a deep dish and a normal pie and wasn't crispy enough to be folded which bothers me
The veggie grinder was mostly soaking wet spinach that drenched the roll and bell peppers.  The vegan who ordered it was also upset there was a pound of melted cheese on it that was not mentioned on the menu. 
The chicken salad was really good.  A ton of chicken salad on top of a standard garden salad but also had an hard boiled egg.  And the chicken salad was really good. Came with a roll too. 
We don't know how the onion or mozzarella sticks are... they never came.Food really went down ever since the new people took over...this was my go to place when they was on south st...food really not that goodUsually most of the places we order from get here in like 30 min or so, this was over an hour. Not a real biggie since it was Friday and I didn't have to get to bed early really. Food was ok.ABSOLUTE WORST SERVICE EVER.   We gave this place so many chances because of the good reviews we read and every time was a huge disappointment.  Last experience we called the RUDE girl to tell her our food never arrived.  She said it was on its way and then hung up on me. Turns out they hadn't even cooked it yet!  Food is MEDIOCRE at best!   Try Little Italy Pizza on 9th. They are super nice and the food is WAY better.  Gennaros SUCKS.Staff could be nicer but the pizza is excellent. It's the thick spongey kind but very good and very filling.Just moved here from South Dakota. Not impressed at all. Had wings.....No bueno. Pizza.....Ehhhhh.There service is  HORRIBLE!!! Don't use this place. Constantly getting orders wrong and they lie about when they will send the right order to you.  I wish I could give them less than 1 star!After 15 months of living a block away we tried gennaros. It has very mixed reviews so that's kind of why we never rushed over here before. But it really is a 3 minute walk away. So we got two pies regular and buff chick. It was medium thickness but not really as thick and dense as dominos at all.  I would say there was no density to the bread or crust at all. It was light and almost airy. Not quite like a croissant but it really reminded me of a thick piece of white sandwich bread more so. I do wish the crust was denser or more gooey to the bite ? But the crisp outer shell of the actual circumference or "real crust portion" of the pie was nice and crunchy but not too crunchy! Good flavor all round. They definitely put a good amount of cheese on their pizza. I liked the way they cooked it to a golden cheese. It's NOT thin pizza or at least it wasn't when I went. Tasted fine and it was maybe $11-12 total after tax  for a medium 14" plain pizza. If you live near by this is a good option for the neighborhood. Best pizza ever ? Not in my opinion, but good for a random  night for a fair price and really exceptional service. The pies were done within 20 minutes and ready and hot when I got there. Friendly staff. Good interior with some soft drinks and tables to eat in. We will be returning as it is so convenient and pretty tasty!Love this place! Can't comment on anything but takeout, so far, so good! Their cold Antipasto salad has all the regular cold cuts, lettuces, etc. but has tuna fish & anchovies! Awesome!
If you get the Chili Cheese fries, prepare for a meal for 2 people! Pizza is excellent, thin crust, lotsa cheese & sauce, just how I like it! Great local place, so glad Gennaro's is in my 'hood!