I called for delivery and the lady was kind and easy to order from. I got a large plain and half pepperoni pizza and Greek salad with grilled chicken. 
Delivery came under an hour, like promised and on a busy Friday evening. The Greek salad w chicken was huge! Perfect for 2 or 3 people. Lots of grilled chicken and cooked to perfection. Veggies and Lettuce were fresh and yummy! I give the salad a 10 and will order again. The reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because I love love pizza and it was under cooked. I had to put the entire pizza in the oven for about 15 min on 400 degrees. Once it was done, it was yummy but I was a tad disappointed I had to re heat for that long. Next time I'll ask for the pizza well done!It's amazing what you can put on top of a pizza! Gian Franco has a great selection of slices for lunch and late snacking. I have noticed that their prices have gone up consistently since last summer. But, I am unfortunately a slave to a great slice of  barbecue chicken pizza. It's still worth the price. We've ordered for a large party here and everyone raves about the pizza. I'm a fan of Gian Franco!This was our go-to pizza place when we lived in Old City.  Try one with their roasted peppers.I live right down the street from these guys, so I order takeout all the time. I've never had a bad experience here. The pizza is some of the best you'll find in Philly. I also highly recommend their Buffalo Chicken calzone - with some blue cheese dressing, that stuff is addictive. Garlic knots and "mega fries" are also good options for side dishes.When the jetlag kicks in around 5pm and I'm still digesting the previous day's airplane food only pizza will do. I Yelp!ed it and came up with Gianfranco's just a block from my hotel. It hit the spot perfectly! Good New York crust, rich sauce, tasty cheese and zesty pepperoni, it could have been a tad crisper but it was a reheated slice. Although the place itself is not very inspiring and I wouldn't eat in, it was a nice slice served by friendly people. I'll be back.Best pizza in old city! Nice guys, quick service, about 3$ for a slice, at lunch they have slice/drink combo special, definitely yum!I created this Yelp account to comment on this establishment.  This is not a shill post, this is coming from a college student across town whose diet consists of probably 80% pizza.  This is tied for my favorite pizza in the city with Lascala's.  Gianfranco sells a true large pizza, it's big (bigger than any other pies i've seen) - it's good, it comes hot, it's ALWAYS fresh and the customer service is on top of shit.  Great mozzarella sticks too.  Anybody dogging this joint is out of their mind.  This is delicious pizza at a good price with swift delivery.  Don't ever change, Rustica is the bestica.Almost inedible and slightly disturbing. Thank the pizza gods they accidentally brought us a medium and not the large we thought we'd ordered. 
Half-baked crust that managed to be neither crispy nor chewy. We ordered one of their specials - artichoke, prosciutto and olive - and got cold, flavorless toppings that seemed antagonistic to one another and vaguely disinterested in being on a pizza at all. One star for the online ordering, the discount and the fact that they found our hotel room. Also, the chicken on the salad was weird. 
Philly, I love you, but your pizza is breaking my heart.best pizza day after day, i love it. perfectly seasoned sauce just sweet enough and just enough cheese. great crispy crust. it's seriously all i eat for lunch. go here do your self a favor.Hard to say too much about carry out, but I really enjoyed the pizza. The crust was crispy on the outside and soft in the middle, the tomato sauce was sweet-ish but seasoned well, the cheese was well, I don't know what you say about cheese ... it was cheesy?
The shop is a few doors up Third from Market, which pulls it just out of the "mainstream" enough that it may not get much notice, but it's worth trying for your pizza-eating needs in Old City.Update to reflect that they reached out to apologize and an offer to make things right. Would be better to get it right the first time and skip the trouble, but I appreciate their follow-up and gesture so adding a couple of stars.What a way to kick off my trip to Philly by finding some great friggin' pizza!!! Fully unexpected, just passing by this joint and decided to pick up a slice for lunch. Typical of the genre, they sell various Neapolitan style pies by the huge slice. Three dollars even for a slice and a complimentary fountain drink. I had basic cheese. The crust was cooked perfectly with the telltale graininess of cornmeal on the oven surface which rubs off on the bottom of the slice. The cheese was very good, a hint of saltiness and not overly oily. The star of the show though was the tomato sauce. I would like to mainline an IV drip of it please! It tasted vine ripened fresh and a bit sweet, but not cloyingly so. I could also taste the oregano and other spices. If they do not make the sauce in-house I need the name of the purveyor, STAT.
Just a great little place with big flavor. The inside is as small as a short school bus with about six single stools and about four two person tables. You might miss it if you are not looking for it, but that would be a big mistake on your part. Also, do not make the mistake I made by just getting two slices!!! Five star easy.Great little hole in the wall pizza joint. The pizza slices are huge in size and flavor! I tried the barbecue chicken and the ranch chicken slices, so tasty! The crust is thin and crunchy with the perfect proportions of sauce, cheese and toppings. You can taste everything in each bite, the way truly good pizza should be. They have a cute little seating area and the service is quick. Perfect little lunch spot!Around Historic Philly and looking for a quick convenient affordable bite ? Look no further than Gianfranco Pizzeria Rustica!
At the night before Philadelphia Marathon last weekend, my family and I opted here for dinner to "carb-load" after finding out the Italian Restaurant I initially set eyes on (Panini Old City) was closed due to renovation. Since there's no pasta to carb load here and plus we wanted quick dinner nearby as it was getting late, we ordered a large pizza (~24"!) with chicken , peppers and onions pizza and a tuna salad. As we dined in, where seating is limited and is high stool style (for 2 - 3 people max), we only waited 10 min before our fresh food arrived. Pizza pie and tuna salad were fresh and delicious at enormous portions. Pizza toppings quantity could be more generous, but delicious.  
For 3 hungry people, we paid only $27 and barely finished it all! With lots of delivery & take-out orders and quality fast affordable food , it's no wonder they were GrubHub #1 restaurant award recipient! 
Some personal general tips to runners:
1. Not a good idea to eat foreign food before marathon or long race. Pizza especially ... as it may upset stomach and contains lactose, which may promote lactic acid and stiffen muscles.
2. With the big meal for carb-load, Take a #2 sometime before the race. Running with bloated stomach not efficient or good idea... I learned the hard way!
3. Get good night sleep!
4. Hydrate and eat a light hearty breakfast for the race! 
5. Do some warm up and dynamic stretches before race.I was definitely disappointed with this thin crust yet overly doughy pizza. It didn't seem to be cooked quite right, and the ingredients on the meat pizzas weren't as fresh as I would expect. For the price, I thought it'd be much better. Definitely prefer Soho down on Market!Its been years since I last ate here but its so damn good that I thought about it to write this review. Very good thin crust pizza. I cant wait until the next time Im in old city so I can give this place another visit. Excellent pizza!Delicious, cheap, fast, friendly. Not enough seating but I don't mind much. Tastes like NYC.Gianfranco's is very close to my house, and I think that's why I end up finding myself here a lot.  I wouldn't say the food is the best in the area, but it does the job.
I've had the pizza here-not a fan.  There are better places a few paces away.
Their salads are pretty good, and so are their hoagies.  
The service is good, and the employees are polite.Decent meatball parm, so so pizza. Got delivery, all I can really say is eh...I really don't understand why this place has such good reviews. I've tried the pizza twice now since it's the closest pizzeria to my apartment and I wanted to give it a second chance. The pizza is mediocre, at best. The crust is doughy and thick and tastes like glorified dominoes. However, they are very nice and they do deliver. I really, really wish the pizza was better.I've ordered here previously but I have since moved. I was looking to order pizza from somewhere and stumbled on this place on Yelp again so I thought I would give this place a try. 
I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Pizza (Small), Chicken Caesar Salad (Small), and the Sampler Platter for delivery. The food came so much faster than I expected and the delivery guy was super nice when I met him in my lobby. 
I opened the pizza box and was shocked at how big the small pizza was. I was debating getting a large and was so happy that I decided against it. My roommate doesn't love spicy things but she just poured some ranch on the pizza and it was fine for her! The salad came with plenty of dressing on the side which was a nice touch. 
Overall, everything tasted great! I am definitely planning on ordering here again and I can't wait to try out the rest of their menu. Would definitely recommend!!WOW!  The small pizza is the size of a medium at most chains. 
The crust was cooked to perfection. Generous amounts of cheese and pepperoni. 
I ordered delivery to my hotel. Quick service.Best pizza in the city in my opinion. Nice crispy crust with a not-too-sour sauce and real cheese that does not congeal or leak oil. Call ahead of time for a pie for pick up. 
I think the only reason people tend to claim Lorenzos or Soho pizza is better is because these places open until the wee hours and pizza always tastes great when you are drunk and hungry. Gianfrancos will taste great even on a Monday afternoon when you are sober.I was trying to give this place Zero stars but that's not an option. 
So, I ordered a pizza pie and the server on the phone says it will be 1 hour for delivery. Not a problem, it's Friday, it's May and I don't feel like cooking. An hour goes by and I call back at the 1.5 hour mark. The phone server (Carlos) says that it's running late and the pizza is on its way soon. I again say okay and await the pie delivery. I THEN call back after 2 hours of waiting for my pizza and Carlos tells me he's sorry but the pizza I ordered was given to the wrong address and that they are making me a new pizza immediately. He THEN states (over the phone) that as soon as it's ready he will have it  delivered as soon as possible. I call at the 2.5 hour delivery time (it's now an hour and a half late time) and Carlos is incredibly rude to my phone inquiries on what's going on with my delivery and He asks me if I'd rather just "cancel my order!" Ummmmm, really? It's now 8:30pm and I ordered my pizza at 6:00pm? So, I say NO I don't want to just have pizza cancelled; I want him to deliver the pizza he promised me! He again tells me it's "on its way." And, to "calm down." Hmmmmmmm, I feel that maybe this place needs to just "calm up!" LOL
Oh, this story gets even better. I call back at 9:00pm. It has now been 3 hours since I ordered my pizza. Please understand, I live less than a 10 minute drive from this establishment and Carlos says "oh, you still haven't gotten your pizza?" Then, "so, you still want me to cancel???" I am now irate and hypoglycemic! I said, "you have now promised me a pizza for 3 hours and you are trying to cancel my order????" So, he proceeds to hang up on me! I call back and he hangs up again. 
I proceed to call back again and  he will NOT pick up the phone so I then walk to the establishment. He is there (standing around talking to co-workers and playing with his phone) and when I approach him, tell him who I am and ask what the problem is he nonchalantly asks me if I want a pepperoni pizza instead??? I don't eat pepperoni nor have I ever even ordered pepperoni as my pie! It is now 3 hours and 15 minutes since my initial order and I tell him that not only do I NOT want a "pepperoni pizza" but I think he is a complete douche bag for stringing me along for 3.5 hours and starving me. I then tell him I want to speak to a manager immediately! He says, "none of them are here." 
Best part, one of the owners of the place finally shows up after I've been there for 15 MORE minutes (I would NOT leave until I spoke to someone beside Carlos the inane) and he says, "I'm one of the owners and he proceeds to essentially beg my forgiveness, tells me he will personally make me the pizza I ordered almost 3.5 hours ago and says, I quote, "I give you my word that I will make this right for you. I will personally make this pizza for you and will give you this pizza free."  I then proceed to tell him he should fire Carlos and the entire ungrateful and uncaring staff he has (I am a manager at my work and would NEVER tolerate this type of blatant incompetency) and this owner 
Completely agrees with me! Hmmmmmmmm, it hasn't happened as of this date and again I will NEVER call or step foot in there again.
So, I receive my pizza over 3.5 hours after first ordering it. Then, a month later my credit card statement arrives. Guess what? They have charged me for the pizza!!!!!! The same pizza that one of the owners of Gianfranco's gave me his "word" (and, he looked me in the eye and stated this) he wouldn't charge me for because of my wait and his "embarrassment" of his staff's incompetences! 
This place is obviously mismanaged and the owner is blatant liar. I have now had to call my Credit Card company to dispute the claim in order to have the charges reversed. Oh, and I've had to make a file with the Better Business Bureau about this businesses "practices."
 Why in the world did it have to come???????? I mean really?????!This place makes a mean buffalo chicken pizza
Only had delivery a few times but was always goodManagement wants you to purchase a minimum of $10 when using a debit card. I'll gladly take my business to one of the other pizza shops in the neighborhood that have no issue taking card. Just be prepared to be looked at as if you were asking to get the pizza for free or walking to an ATM.I stumbled upon this location of Gianfranco's when I used my LivingSocial at the wrong branch (this location is owned by a different person than the other 2) - damn the fine print! But, it was a happy accident as I found the Pepperoni Pizza to be the best casual pizza I've found in the city and the Garden Salad remarkably fresh.
And, extra points for giving me the 10% online-ordering discount just to be nice when it became apparent that I can't read fine print.Excellent pizza!  I've only had the pizza, but it was really good.  The toppings are plentiful, the mushrooms are fresh (not canned), and the pizzas delivered were still hot.old city location is the best.  baked cheesesteak is great.  best slice in the city if you order an individual one, not a whole pie.I really enjoyed my pizza here at Gianfranco's in Philly.  I ordered the chicken ranch and the spinach tomato garlic pizza as well as the tomato pizza. That's right, I ate 3 slices all in one visit. What can I say, I was hungry. The tomato pizza was ok, not my favorite. I would recommend the other 2 I mentioned for sure. Cheers!This is a decent little pizza place near Market Street that my girlfriend and I decided to go too. The place is kind of tiny, but is good for two people to eat there. I ordered a chicken cheesesteak and it was real delicious. The chicken was actual grilled chicken meat, and not that cheap thin meat slab. This is not a bad joint to grab a bite in an intimate setting.The pizza here is really good in comparison to others in the area.  Plus, they deliver so bonus there.  I have had their pizza several times and have yet to have a problem.  Definitely would recommend!I have lived in Old City for ever 6 years and I would wager to say I go to GFs at least twice a week. It is hands down the best slice in the city.  Sausage and Chicken Ranch are my slices of choice but I have had almost every variety. Tomato pie is tasty along with pepperoni, spinach ricotta. Sometimes, if you are lucky, they have sicilian slices at lunch. If you go at lunch there is a lunch special with a free drink with 2 slices. The Sicilian is their best take out pie but be prepared to wait almost 2 hours. Well worth it.  Oh how I have a crush on you Gianfranco!!!!This place makes pretty amazing pizzas. I ordered a pizza and went by late after they had closed after lunch and he still made my pizza! Great service.OK pizza-  the slices were still cold out of the oven after reheating.  They had a good selection for slices.
Not alot of space for sitting.One of the best delivery pizza places I've had in the city. 
No day after stomachaches! Hooray! 
If you prefer hard crusts, you might not be a fan of the chewy dough they have. 
Wings are decent. They're not as dry as other places.We are new to the area and have ordered from Gianfranco twice.  The most recent order was for a large pizza with pepperoni and extra cheese.  The pizza is tasty and service is prompt.  We walk to the store to pick up the pizza but they do deliver.  This last pizza seemed a bit salty, but it might have my taste buds that evening.
Gianfranco will remain one of our go to places for pizza.  We have a family tradition of having pizza on Friday nights, so we will probably see a lot of the Gianfranco folks.I hate to give a bad review but this pizza was just not good. I tend to find that pizza is usually mediocre at worst but this just tasted like someone poured some tomato sauce from a can onto a piece of bland bread and put it in the oven. We ordered pizza that was supposed to have cheese on it but it only really had a few pieces laid out around the edges. The anchovies and capers pizza at least had a tony kick to it because it was so o erwhelmingly salty, but I still wouldn't call it good. 
On the upside, pizzas are massive and delivery was quick. So if you don't care all that much about the taste but just want quantity that might work.Excellent Philly cheesesteak and cheap! The Philly experience, great price! Tons of meat and cheese, big, full sando. Buttery tasty bread. Could use just a bit more veggies. Totally worth the low price, (like 6.50). Great, friendly, helpful service. Went out of their way to help 2 physically disabled customers.Prices are kind of high. the food is really good though. especially the bbq chicken pizza, mozzarella sticks and buffalo wingsSecond time using them was WONDERFUL! The fries, pizza and pizza steak arrived quickly and hot. We will defintely order from them again!3.5 - pretty good NY Style pizza.  Didn't blow my mind but will probably be back.  We ordered half pepp and half sausage and mushroom....but they forgot the mushrooms! And have had better pizza sausage.  Fairly disappointed when we got home, especially since they likely charged for the extra ingredient.  $18.00 large.  Dough was slightly too thick for NY Style thin crust, but overall good taste.  Will try for Round 2 for a movie night.This is the pizza you dream of. Crispy crust, perfect tomato sauce, and melty mozzarella cheese. I know I've claimed Mama Angelina's as the best slice in the city but I'll have to take that back. Gianfranco's has the best slice in the city.
Me & my friend stopped in after finishing up a nice night at First Friday and when we took our first bites, we both looked at each other in awe.Crunchy thin crust with well balanced sauce & toppings. Best pizza in Old City!The pizza here is awesome. We love it. Even though we live up in Northwest Philly we don't mind taking the ride down to 3rd and Market when we want a good New York style pizza.They're liars and grifters.
Ordered a pizza for takeout.
Woman behind the register said $15 when it says $12.80 on their website. She said website had some discount on it that wasn't valid. I said it was a pdf. She responded that the price was $13.80 plus tax. I wasn't sure if I misread and didn't feel like quibbling over the made up amount of tax.
She had lied, website says $12.80.
I would advise against going there unless you want to support crooks.Pizza is AMAZING. We ordered three pizza on a Saturday night and expected the delivery to take an hour. Not only did it get there in 30 minutes, but ordering was easy! I'm not from the area but I would order from Gianfranco again. The garlic knots are also delicious!This is not the WORST pizza I've had, but it certainly does not meet the qualifications of good. We actually compared it Chuckie Cheese so....yeah. We ordered delivery of one plain, one pepperoni, one broccoli rabe with garlic. They replaced plain with another pepperoni and broccoli rabe with straight up broccoli. Not cool. And your chewy crust did NOT help compensate. We are not fans.It's decent. Good option for delivery in Old City. They once forgot my order, for which we waited for 30 minutes then called them asking... They apologized profusely and gave us a ridiculous discount on the order. Very good customer service.
For the pizza itself. Tasty, stringy cheese that's not overdone. The issue I have is with the crust. It's decent but not good. It's not a true thin crust, so it's a bit awkard to fold in half like the NYC pizzas, and it's not that crusty or particularly yummy. Overall, it's a good option for a quick delivery especially if you live near the neighborhood.the best pizza in the city. hands down. just a little hole in the wall. nothing special. its for take out. yummayAfter going around touring Philly, the Mister and I were I search for some grub! But, by the time we hit up the well known areas of good grub, they were all closed for dinner prep services... What to do?! Took out the phone and checked in on yelp to find a place for some eats, and landed in this little pizzaria. Was greeted by a friendly guy and girl in the back and ordered a Stromboli and was recommended the chicken ranch slice. I wasn't expecting such a huge Stromboli, especially for the price, but it was super delicious, and fresh! The chicken ranch slice was also delicious and different! I have this little spot saved for my next visit to Philly!I've lived across the street for two years now and we get takeout at least once a week. In my humble opinion, they have the best Cheesesteaks in Old City (ask for extra meat and cheese though). Their Cheesesteaks are always consistently good which I can't say for the "other" guys on Market St. Great pizza and fresh salads.I thought the pizza was really tasty.  We ordered a whole pie online (10% off with code "pizza"), and it was delivered fast and in good shape.  Crust was a little softer than I usually like it, but I will definitely be ordering from them again!Awesome pizza!!!  When you bite into it you can feel and hear the soft crunch of the crust.  They have become my favorite pizza replacing my former favorite in S. Philly.The Chicken Caesar salad is delicious!! I definitely recommend it! There are numerous places to eat around here but this restaurant has great quality food for a reasonable price with minimal wait time. I work close by and often walk over to grab lunch.Why in gods name does this establishment put pasta sauce on pizza. It's a good sauce but it does not belong on pizza and makes the dough flimsy and undercooked on the bottommmm,mmm good pizza. bruschetta pizza is so yummalicious.  spanish fries are perfect.Really poor experience with Gianfranco delivery on a Saturday night. Delivery time was 55-75 minutes, the order arrived 2 hours after we ordered it. Every item was cold, French fries , mozzarella sticks, pizza, wings. Most were chewy, rubbery and unpleasant. The delivery driver called and insisted I walk down the road to pick up my order from him instead of delivering it to the door. No apologies from the restaurant. Honestly the worst food and service I've gotten from Gianfrancos and from any restaurant in Philly. A waste of $50.i ordered from here after hearing good things, but it took them over an hour and a half to deliver and the food was cold. i had to heat it up in the microwave to make it edible..Missing some northern pizza (being forced to relocate to atlanta) this was a much needed heart- stopper! And boy... Did I fall in love. From the quick, "whatcha havin?" to the fountin sodas, tiny tables, and close quarters- this is a prize tucked away in the city. Love, love, love. Thank you Gianfrancos for bringing me back to life!I have been here a few times and each time the pizza was great! First, I tried pepperoni and it was delicious. This visit I decided to try something different, something out of my comfort zone, so I got a slice of bruschetta pizza. It was loaded with green peppers, tomatoes, onions and shredded cheese on white. The one thing I would suggest to make the slice complete is a balsamic drizzle. But really, stop what you're doing and go try a slice. You won't regret it.The pizza here leans more towards the thin-crust variety, with a sweeter marinara sauce. This place is good but it's a hard pass for me going out of my way to come here. It's very very small with limited seating-- I feel like it's a place where you grab a quick slice if you live in the neighborhood.Two words for you beef pepperoni ! Some of the best pizza I had the crust was great and do I need to tell you about the beef pepperoni mmmmmm! If you don't eat pork like me this is a great place to beef on!!!The pizza by the slice is not that great. I was severely unimpressed by this, and told myself I wouldn't try it again for pizza. I ordered a slice of sausage, and they heated it up (like any other pizza by the slice place would). I walked it home, opened the bag, and was pretty bummed. Not a lot of sausage, really dry, really mediocre. 
Then, one Saturday, we decided to order a chicken, bacon, ranch and mushroom pizza for delivery. It was the only place we knew of for pizza that was open, so we gave it another shot. AMAZING. I was so impressed by this pizza, that my previous notions were blown out of the window. 
I am torn on what rating would be appropriate for this spot because of my two vastly different experiences. The slice pizza at the window was gross, and the delivery was outstanding. I will give them a 3 out of 5 for now, and will revisit this review after trying it more in the future.Never been to the actual restaurant, but it's great for delivery.  They have the biggest calzones EVER.  The spinach one is delicious.
My roommate says the wings are delicious, too.Great pizza and excellent delivery.  Has pretty good cheesesteaks too.  I haven't actually been there to eat so I cannot comment on the atmosphere there. It our food had always been delivered hot and delicious!$2.50 for a plain cheese slice. Nice cheese and sauce. A good solid crust. Very good quick slice on the go.I don't like ordering pizza over the phone because something always seems to go wrong, so I was happy to see good reviews for Gianfranco's, the option to order online, and a 10% discount for doing so. The web menu had a $20 deal for a large pizza, wings, and 2L drink, but no way to select your toppings and drink, so the boyfriend ended up calling it in. The only options for 2L drinks were either Sprite or Coke, but I can live with that. Delivery was just $1 with a $10 minimum. We were told 45 mins, but it was more like 30, which was pretty neat because we were starving. Unfortunately, they had taken down the wrong address and the delivery guy was a few blocks away. So in the end it did take 45 mins, by which time the pepperoni pizza was just warm and average. The real litmus test for pizza is how good it tastes reheated in a microwave, and this one didn't make the grade. The BBQ wings were delicious and something I'd go back for. If I was just rating the pizza and delivery they'd get two stars, but I can't in good conscience give their wings less than three. Mmmm wings.Delicious!  Between Gianfranco's and LuLu's, Old City is just swimming in delicious pizza.  Gianfranco's is a fantastic spot just off of Market Street to sit and grab a slice or two for lunch.  There are a few tables with stools inside and a tv - very small in a good way.  But most importantly, their pizza is delicious.  Fresh toppings, perfect thin crispy crust.  YUM!Delivery only, never been inside.
Pros:
--Very nice customer service when you call. Refreshing! You can also order online from their website.
--Pizza is definitely some of the better stuff I've had in Philadelphia. Meatballs are homemade and delicious! 
--Delivery is fast/reasonable and friendly.
Cons:
--A little skimpy with toppings. I am generalizing since I only order pepperoni but only about 1/4 of top was full.Umm...I bought a groupon, months ago, it expired 12-9-12..so I Went Friday night. Didn't know this was located in Olde City, coming from NJ, that area, worse for parking. Took about 10 min or so find one. The girl at cashier was nice, place very small, seating maybe 2 stools , one table. Menu has nice varieties of pizza and assorted sandwiches & salads, that over the bridge wouldn't find. My friend & I ordered large pie, with extra $$ left, we got Spanish fries with jalapeno peppers. Ok, it came w  banana peppers. When I placed the order,she told us 20-25 min. After that time,I saw other pies being made, done put in a box,this was 30-35 min. later- so I asked the girl..she checked and found out pizza guy took it out, just threw it on box, set it on top, for pick up.Glad I asked, we were starving ..so it had Prosciutto, artichokes, olives,mushrooms . It was flavorful, but the artichokes were from can, not nice brine , pickled artichoke would have.
Far as the size, decent  size, took 4 pieces home. But I don't think I can eat junk like that again ,my stomach was in knots rest of night & Saturday. 
Would I go back, maybe, running around , locals go here for quick bite to eat. But think rather try another place-next time.Decided to get delivery. Pizza came hot and on time. Honestly I've ordered from a lot of pizza places in the area, but this is hands down the best. The white pizza with garlic and bracli rab is to die for. Two thumbs way up!!LIke this place ...they have small salads and killer tomato pie...Pizza was hot and delicious.  The delivery was right on time which was important for our meeting.  They even brought plates and napkins which I forgot to request in the comments section.  Everyone in the office loves when we order from them.The chicken parmigiano is made like a chicken steak with sauce and parmesan, cheese. That's not a chicken  parm. Sandwich!  Breaded chicken breast, try it.Had it delivered through Eat Street and although it wasn't hot when I got it, it was still delicious. I was so happy to see that they offer beef pepperoni as an option, not much of that in Virginia. Will order again when I'm back in Philly.Where is the good pizza in Philadelphia hiding?
For a takeout pizza in Old City were were deciding between here and Margherita Pizzeria. We decided on Gianfranco Pizza Rustica and used their online ordering system to get a large sausage and pepperoni. For around $20 we got a piping hot, hearty pie with what I think was a freshly made chunky tomato sauce. The sausage was link sausage that was sliced into strips, and I just wasn't a fan. The crust was also very thin in the center causing it to flop down when picked up, so the best and realy only way to eat these slices was to fold. 
Overall I can't say it was the worst pizza I've ever had, and the crowd of people there getting pizza by the slice and even Caesar salads and chicken fingers must mean that this place is pretty popular. That being said, I'm still shopping around for the perfect pizza in Old City.We ordered a pizza steak, small plain pizza and a small order of french fries on a Thursday evening. The food arrived an hour after I ordered but was within the 45-60 minute estimation. The total bill was just over $30 and included a $5 tip. The driver called me and told me he was near so I went outside and he was not on my block yet. The pizza was not my favorite (and I generally love thin pizza)  but it was warm and my toddler didn't seem to mind. The french fries were soggy and the pizza steak was good.This place has been, and likely always will be, the benchmark against which I compare other pizza places.  The pizza here is PERFECT.  Every detail of the slice here is amazing, slightly crispy bottom, tender crust, savory mozzarella, and a remarkable tomato sauce that has just a hint of sweetness.  I have since moved away from Old City, but have yet to find anywhere that compares to Gianfranco.  You'd never notice the place just walking by, but make a point to stop by whenever you're in Old city.We've ordered from here the past few weeks and are loving the Mediterranean pizza! Tasty toppings and our delivery has been amazingly fast.