I went here for some lunch with some co-workers while we were in the city for a work training.  
I ordered the Betsy Ross Burger.  This is a 12 oz. black angus burger with bacon, one fried egg, guacamole, srircha ketchup and served with a side of fries.  The first thing that I will mention is that I ordered the burger medium rare.  It came out medium well.  I did ask the other person in our group who ordered a burger medium rare and it came out cooked correctly.  This was truly the shame of my lunch here because as you can see from the ingredients of the burger it was actually really really good.  It just wasn't cooked correctly.  
The website for the place also mentions they have a very large outdoor seating area and they do so we sat there.  It is a nice area and the service was okay for the lunch rush.  It appeared the manager that was there for the day (could have been the owner/wasn't sure) was also waiting on tables to help out, which is nice to see.  We were in the area for a work lunch as I mentioned so we didn't have any alcoholic beverages, but I will mention the craft beers available would have had a good choice for anyone looking for a cold cruiser.
All in all I liked the place and if I find myself in the area again I would give this place another try to get the burger right.  The rest of the menu looked good as well so I wouldn't mind trying some other items.  Worth a visit if you're in Old City.So my friend and I are at this place now and have been waiting 50min.  We ordered shortly after we arrived and have yet to receive our app.  If we ever get any food I'll update the review.
Update:  So after about 60min we got our app.  It was like everything was packaged frozen food that they fried.  AND on top of that it was cold so it had been sitting for at least 10min.  I love fried food but this was not the good kind.
Our entrees come, I ordered a burger my friend ordered a turkey blt wrap.  How do you mess this up?!  My burger was burnt bone dry, and the wrap was just awful.  
Also, the bartender waited on us because the waitress never once acknowledged us.  There were 4 tables total she had to serve.
When we finally got our check, the prices were wrong.  We had a living social deal which was $20 and it wasn't worth it.  Had we not had it, our bill would have been $50, for lunch mind you.  
You can get better food from a lunch truck or your own kitchen.My mom and I came here back in early February. On our last day in town, we ran out of things to do so we visited the US Mint (which was dull). They wouldn't let me bring my camera into the building, which was understandable but inconvenient. So we trudged over to the Independence Visitor Center, where this very kind old woman offered to hold my camera in her purse for me, so long as I returned in an hour before she went to lunch.
Anyhow, when we returned to retrieve my camera, we asked for some food suggestions for our final meal in Philly before leaving for LA. One of the security guards mentioned that he had brought his wife to GiGi a couple nights ago and they thought it was great, so that's where we ended up.
Upon walking in, there was no waiter at all. We stood at the door for about three minutes before my mom decided to just seat herself, and I followed. A couple minutes later, a guy walks out from the back and says, "Oh, great! You're already sitting!" Um, yeah.
The menu, while not skimpy, did not have many choices that sounded good. Feeling it would be rude to walk out, seeing as we already had menus and waters, I ended up choosing a portabello mushroom burger and my mom got a chicken sandwich. My burger was fine, but not great, and my mom's chicken was seriously dry and tasteless. We squirted ketchup and sprinkled salt and pepper on it just to give it a little flavor. 
The bill came out to about $25 after tax and tip. We didn't really think anything of it until we left, but our bill really shouldn't have come out to be that much.
I'm moving to Philly in a week, but I don't see myself ever coming to this place again.If I could give it zero stars I would, not one item I had was good and I take that back the corn  with my entree was delicious! I was there to use my eversave coupon and I started with a sangria and it was ll downhill from there, the sangria was bitter and not sweet at all. I then ordered the beer batter shrimp and guacamole, the shrimp batter was not done in some spots and the chips were old and stale. I then ordered my entree and waited 45 minutes for it to arrive even thou it was not that crowded! I ordered the scallops with a side of asparagus and a tomato mozzarella salad.
The scallops were just gross, they had a odd taste that I can't describe   and I didn't finish them and the asparagus was overcooked and the salad  was bland. Save your time and money and go somewhere else.I went here with my family when they came to visit me. We were walking around Old City and wanted to eat outside and stumbled upon Gigi's. It looked nice enough so we sat down. The waitress was obnoxious and seemed drunk and it took us forever to get our food. My siblings ordered the same burger and both got the wrong burger. My pulled pork quesdilla was a disaster and my mom's cheesesteak was dry and flavorless. I ordered another drink about halfway through eating and never received it - they made sure to tack it onto the bill though. Never got a refill of water, never got asked how everything was. The waitress disappeared and when she was around she was bickering with other staff. The manager was completely unprofessional and fired a young waitress right on the spot in front of everyone when he should've fired the middle aged drunk woman "waiting" on us. Crappy service, crappy food, crappy management. Don't go there!I feel like I am rarely in the position to give a poor review, but Gigi has certainly out done themselves. The service was awful; it took us 10 minutes just to receive our drinks. They somehow managed to ruin edamame by pouring an entire bottle of salt onto the dish. I went with the lobster ravioli as an entree, and what a mistake that was. It seemed as if my food was finished before my friends and they didn't have space under the warmer, so it just sat and became tepid by the time it reached the table.Four friends and I thought this would be a fantastic place to catch up as well as a great way to experience restaurant week. What started out as a fun night quickly dissipated into a disappointing experience. One of my friends and I split the four course deal while my other friends chose to go on and order their own four courses. First of all, the service we received was absolutely terrible. Despite the fact that we went on a Sunday night when the restaurant seemed fairly empty, it took maybe about 20 minutes for a waitress to even take our drink orders! We were seated right near the door, so we kept our jackets on the entire time because it was so freezing. During the tapas course, one of my friends asked for ketchup for her sliders. The waitress was gone for maybe 15 minutes before I simply walked up to the bar and got some. During the entrees, the same thing happened, except we requested more forks because most of them had been taken away with the appetizers. We were maybe two hours into the meal before our entrees were delivered, and the food we had was absolutely subpar. Those who ordered the lobster ravioli found it to be stale, hard, and poorly cooked. I had gotten the Philly steak, which I found to be unevenly cooked. Maybe I'm just being picky, but the last straw was the dessert. I ordered the carrot cake, and the waitress brought out this crumbled mess that didn't even constitute a slice. I was shocked when the bill came and there was a 20 percent tip included into our total--talk about presumptuous. 
Please save your money and your time. This place is definitely not worth it.OMG! Be prepared to wait for absolutely everything-silverware, drinks, food, check when it's not even busy. Be prepared to be served every meal but the one you ordered. They charged us for beer we didn't drink. We thought we were being pranked. Go to Paninis next door instead.Just an update: The service is still aloof, the food is "Kitchen Nightmare", and the cost is simply out of control.  My fiancé and I had a groupon for a salad and four tapas--for an extra $20 (if using the regular priced menu) you can eat at Will, Talula's Garden, Little Fish...insulting.Took quite awhile just to get our drink order and when we finally did get our drinks, my friends soda was flat...well over 45 minutes to get our food & the place was NOT busy...my food luckily turned out okay, but the two other people dining with me had cold food. Server was absent the majority of the time, but did seem polite when he came to our table. Definitely will not go back to Gigi's. If you want great food and better service, go down the street to Mac's Tavern...at least, that's where I'll be dining next time.We went there on a Saturday nite because we had a groupon .the nite didn't start off that well we ordered miller lite and they only had one left.which was guite strange considering it was a sat nite we were going to leave however we figured we would just stay our waiter Eric was very accommodated let us order two entees instead of the four tapas that the groupon was for we were pleasantly surprise on how good the food was the house salad wad huge and delious I ordered the bbq pulled pork quesadillas which were very good my husband ordered chicken parm which was also very good we were very happy we stayed will defiantly return like I said before our waiter Eric was excellent and they also found us some more lite beer and gave us a round freeWe came here after a recommendation from a local, and half of our party left disappointed and half left satisfied. The wait staff is barely aware of the needs of customers. The food itself was either brought to the table missing ingredients or was unappealing in whole. For the price of dinner, a normal customer would expect much more in terms of quality of service and quality of product. The location is convenient, however, and the atmosphere is cozy.We went here for restaurant week and I was pretty disappointed. The service was lovely but there were a few problems with the food. My friend asked for a steak Medium Rare, it came Well Done. I ordered the Penne Tequila and I got pasta and veggies in a bowl of water, had to send it back. Then I got the Lobster ravioli which was delicious. Dessert offerings were several kinds of cheesecake but they were all clearly out of the freezer/not made on site - pretty generic. Would go here for drinks and Tapas but not again for dinner.Ended up her on Friday 9/30/2011. Bartender was a shithead. We were ordering the drinks through the night and he could not be bothered to give us water because "he only had cups for alcohol". Get out of here. It took 30 minutes to get something that could hydrate us. 
It seriously killed my opinion for the place, which was otherwise pretty sweet since they had a decent selection. But this service was so bad that I will never go back.I'm doing some work about fifty yards away so I thought I would stop by.  Sauntered on in about 45 minutes before happy hour mid-week.  The place was empty.  Nobody at the bar and one table occupied.
I sat at the bar and ordered a drink and a menu.  After serving my drink the initially personable bartender quickly decided I wasn't worth her time.  
I perused the menu and was unimpressed.  Most everything I could find anywhere.  Fried cheese ravioli with jalapeno were a little unusual so I placed my order.  I was pleased to discover that they had a nice kick.  Very tasty.  I was not pleased with the quantity.  My $8.00 appetizer was four (4) raviolis.  Wow, $2.00 each.  They weren't that good!
Several coworkers have told me that have a jumping happy hour.  I'll give them another try a little later in the day.I had been to Gigi's for a work-lunch a few years ago and had a great experience, so I was pumped when I received a gift for $80 to use towards dinner.  The voucher specified that had to be used in 1 meal, no drinks included, for a max of 2 people.  We took a look at the menu online, and even though I'm a vegetarian (thus I tend to be a cheap date), we thought we could make it happen.
We arrived on Friday night and stood awkwardly by the hostess stand for a few minutes while bartenders and waitresses all told us to sit tight, the hostess would be right with us.  About 10 minutes later, we were asked if we wanted to sit inside, or outside.  I said outside and instantly regretted it.  We were first seated in high-table in front of Colonial Penn... the corporate building next door.  I have a friend who works there... and it just felt awkward, so I asked if we could move to the deck.  I'd never been on the deck before, and therefore I was unaware that it was like sitting in a back ally/hallway, so finally we moved inside.  By this point, i was embarrassed, and my boyfriend was clearly ready to kill me.  I don't blame him.  I was being annoying.
We settled into a high-table inside.  OK... step 1 complete.
We opened our menus and instantly noticed that a solid 50% of the menu available online wasn't listed?  Reaching our $80 goal was going to be tough since the food being offered was a) cheaper, and b) not vegetarian friendly at all.  We ordered drinks and mentioned to our waitress of our predicament, and she basically told us 'good luck' and that we'd be able to accomplish our $ goal with 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and a desert.  Close... but not quite.
The menu did make reference of 'vegetarian options available... just ask', so i did.  I was hoping to hear that the seasonal pasta dish, or the awesome appetizers i saw online were actually not a myth, but i was redirected back to the pizzas and told that's about all they got.  Well ok then... 
My boyfriend started of with the french onion soup, and i got the hummus and pita.  He said the soup was decent... not amazing, not awful.  I'd say the same for the hummus.  There was, however, lots of it.  I had to stop myself as i knew i was in for the long haul.  I took the rest to-go
My boyfriend got the Angus sliders next... and i was out of options aside from pizza... so i ate his french fries that came as a side.  That was a bit confusing... as i wouldn't think that 'tapas' would come with a side... but the fries were pretty good... so i didn't give it a second thought.  He said his sliders were decent... not awful, not amazing.  We took 2 of the 3 of them to-go.
Our waitress came back and we ordered our entrees.  I, of course, got the margarita pizza, and my boyfriend got some ahi tuna mixed veggie entree.  When it came out, we were blown away.  My pizza easily could have fed 3-4 people.  It was massive.  I think of a margarita pizza as lighter too... but this was oozing with cheese.  I love cheese, so I'm not complaining... but it was certainly unexpected.  Taste wise, it was comparable to pizza hut.  It had the greasy crust.  Again, I enjoy a good Pizza Hut pie from time to time... so it wasn't bad... but just not what I'd expect from a 'Mediterranean' restaurant in olde city.  I took the remaining 6 slices to go.  My boyfriend said that his tuna dish tasted like it was a 'steamer sensations' from healthy choice or something... yet it was $25!  One of the more expensive items on the menu.  He wasn't hungry enough to eat the whole thing... and it clearly wasn't worth finding extra space.  We didn't even bother asking for this one to go.
We needed to get desert to take us over the $80 mark, so we just got a cake to go.  Our first 2 drinks were supposed to be 1/2 price... so either beers are $8, or our waitress messed up the bill.  Regardless, we just wanted to get out of there... so we didn't even bother to correct it.  We owed about $30 for tax/tip/drinks... and we agreed that the $30 we spent on the meal wasn't worth it... let alone the $110 it should have been (without the voucher).  We walked to the car having pretty much grocery shopped for the week- hummus, 2 sliders, 6 slices of pizza and a piece of chocolate cake...  
The vibe at gigi's is that of a restaurant that isn't doing so hot.  The portion control is off, the prices are way too high for the quality of food being served, etc.  I must say our waitress was pleasant... and aside from not taking a single one of our plates such that we were stacking stuff to try to make room for more stuff... she was pleasant, attentive, and quick.  I hope this place gets it together...We tried the strip steak, red sangrai pitcher, paella, as well as, the appetizer sample (which was meh but the pallela was delicious!) I'd say it was pretty average for the area, worth a try.this place is pretty disappointing. we ordered a bunch of stuff off their tapas menu, hoping that each plate would a few bites of super tasty stuff. we were so wrong. each was mediocre at best - nothing spectacular nor remarkable. not to mention that the waiter had such poor timing...he brought out every dish to our table at once and even when there was obviously no room left on the table, he still kept bringing out our dishes, giving us no space for water glasses, drink glasses, etc. we had to quickly gobble up some so that there'd be more room, and then he never came to clear the plates! 
i'd give it one star, but since i was here celebrating a birthday, i'll give it  two.I loved the happy hour prices, although the alcohol content was unnoticeable. The thought of creating a good restaurant Is there but the service is definitely below average ( to Philadelphia standards). I wouldn't suggest this restaurants to any of my friends.The service was not too shabby, but after reading the reviews on Yelp before entering the restaurant/lounge I was definitely skeptical.
This place is an all around tapas restaurant, with other basic entrees.
We ordered the "Deep fried jalapeno Ravioli" which was very strong tasting.
The Hummus plate was delicious, and the greek salad was surprisingly made with a pesto type of dressing, which still was A-OK.
The pomegranate sangria kind of tasted like Bath and Body Works Lotion, and didn't have enough fruit, so I definitely do not recommend ordering one.
All in all, OK experience, wouldn't make it a second one!Overall the paella was great, lots of seafood, great flavor, and plenty of food for 2 people.  I had their piña colada which was delicious.....but $12 for a tumbler sized drink seemed really high. My husband has a gin & tonic, and that was also $12. Also high priced in my opinion. I think our drinks cost the same as the dinner, which was a surprise to us since we only had one each. I think if we ever go back to the area, I'd check out happy hour and see what deals they have cuz it was good, but high priced drinks.Just went to GiGi's tonight for dinner with a friend from out of town. We were actually on our way to National Mechanics, however I happened to park 2 doors down from GiGi's. We checked out the menu and decided to give it chance. 
I ordered the Scallops & Watermelon. It was good, not just filling. I understand it's a Tapas bar, but damn a lil bit more food would be nice. I also ordered their Jerk Chicken Skewers, they were good too. 
Luckily it wasn't busy there and we got pretty good service, but I think the food for a bit overpriced. 
Will I come back again, eh, who knows. Im not saying the food wasn't good, but it could be a lil bit more and less expensive.I want to like this place, I really do.  They have Taco Tuesdays and Wing Wednesdays, both of which are good value.  But it's just disappointing.
The food is generally so-so, though the chicken and fish tacos are pretty good.  The wings aren't anything to write home about, though they are pretty meaty.  The "frozen" margaritas we ordered were a watery mess with a few pieces of ice floating around (and no, it was not just on the rocks...it was melted frozen margarita).
The wait staff is pretty bad.  They really don't seem to care about anything and do not attempt to do anything with much haste.  
I'm giving it two stars rather than one because of the value and the fact that the manager did eventually see if we needed anything and kind of apologized for the wait.  Oh, and because they have Magic Hat on tap.
It also appeared that we were some of the only Philadelphia residents in the place.  Definitely a popular tourist spot - take that as you will.0- Stars! Gigi's totally misrepresented themselves on the 'living social' coupon website .Their ad appeared to be a full fledged upscale eatery- when in fact its just a rinky dink bar and grill- Horrible manager Tommy - He did nothing when I called to complain that we got misinformed about Sunday brunch-ON FATHER"S DAY   that was not served when we were told it would be- please don't bother with this 2bit operation- YUK!!Service was horrid, they brought our food to the wrong table, we didn't receive our drinks till after our meal, and they brought out the wrong desserts.
Then there was a grat added to our check for our 4 top, I will never go here again.Gigi's is in a tiny space, where the tables are all lined along one wall, the massive curved bar takes up the other third of the floor space.  The hubs and I entered an empty restaurant for brunch-lunch around 11:30, they open at 10:00.  We were quickly greeted and asked to sit wherever we wanted, which was cool and we chose the window table, as I am an avid people watcher.
Our server let us know that she was new, ( she was the only server on ), she was personable and enthusiastic, so we assured her that we were new to Gigi's as well, so no fear. Two managers were on the floor so she certainly had back up if she needed it! Another couple came in and ordered before we did Our first downfall was reading the menu on their web site for brunch-lunch and knowing what we were going to order before we even entered the restaurant.
Well all of the pictures of ricotta pancakes, eggs benedict in various forms, feta cakes that you read on their on line menu and see in their Yelp profile are no longer. I was drooling for crab benedict with bearnaise sauce, but they had nothing even close on the menu. So I ordered the filet mignon pizza, our server told us that was an excellent choice and a house specialty, as well it should be at $28.00 for an individual pizza.
Michael also had to change his mind last minute and ordered pancakes, which came with bacon and home fries. I had also ordered the quiche of the day, planning on taking it home as I adore quiche and our server returned with the menu and said, where do you see quiche, I said it is on your brunch-lunch blackboard outside. She goes to the kitchen, the chef tells her no problem, he will make it for me! I'm thinking and then saying, he is going to throw together a quiche now? She said yes, it won't take long.
Ha! And Ha! And Ha! Again! Well, the managers checked back on us often enough because we sat and waited and waited and waited for our food, actually for over one hour! About ten minutes before we did end up getting food, a large party was slowly coming in and filling up the last twenty seats or so and the couple who ordered before us and who had still not got their food joined them.
Well after one hour, we received our food? Not! Michael got ice cold pancakes, butter was as hard as a rock and would not even warm up to the pancakes. I will say the pancakes had flavor and would have been good had they been even lukewarm. The bacon, two pieces were folded in half, I think they may have quickly been thrown into the deep fryer. The home fries were very good and plenty of them with tricolored chopped peppers, no onion though.
My $28.00 8 ounce filet mignon pizza was a disaster! First of all, if 4 ounces of filet was on the pizza I would have been surprised, secondly the pizza crust was one that you would buy in the frozen food section of your local grocery store, third it was raw, I mean cold, uncooked dough raw!  Now get this, the quiche that we were waiting for never came, instead he made an omelet with more home fries and the omelet was not good and they redelivered it three times, when I told them we never ordered it! It was loaded with whole cherry tomatoes and the eggs were burned, no fluff here folks and please dice the tomatoes, who needs all of those seeds?
The managers pulled the special board from the sidewalk, we were so hungry during our well over an hour wait for food and asked if we could have bread or if some of our food came up, please bring it out and were not only assured they would do that, but were told they were making us fruit cups with yogurt in the meantime. Tease, cause we got nada!  No bread, no food, no fruit cups.
I noticed the young couple that ordered before us got their food well after we did, at least they had a huge group of friends and family to catch up with while waiting, but I would hate to see how long it took for that large party to get their food and if it was even close to being right. We brought most of the food home. We also had a $45.00 gift certificate and they had the nerve to hand us a $7.00 check for the remaining balance. Michael tipped our server and said, I'm sorry, but I do not feel obliged to pay this check. At that point and with no compensations or explanations, come on! Give me a freaking bloody Mary or something to make me semi happy!
As much as I would like to abolish the use of negative superlatives in a review, Gigi's screams for them. With so many great places to dine in Philadelphia, I see no reason to dine here. After reading the other disgruntled reviews, Gigi's has an awful lot of work to do if they hope to make a name for themselves. The dining area of the restaurant is clean, however the restrooms need some TLC, like in a bottle of bleach and a scrub brush on hands and knees.Came here twice with livingsocial deals, pretty underwhelmed both times but it was worth it with the deal. It would not be without. 
Everything we ordered was just ok, there are way better places to eat in Philly.
Also came here for a work dinner once and the chicken was so undercooked we had to send it back.My boyfriend and I live in the area and had walked by a few times, decided to try it out on a wednesday evening when we didn't feel like cooking.  We sat on the outdoor patio, which looks into a dirty office building next door, not exactly the warmest spot.  Our service was spotty at best, we ordered drinks and an appetizer at the same time....we got our appetizer first and it didn't come quickly.  I ordered fish tacos as a main course, the menu said they came with pico de gallo and lettuce (among other toppings) but when they came out it was literally three tacos with fish and mayo.  Our waitress never came back to check on us so I didn't get a chance to ask for additional toppings.  By the time she came back forty five minutes later we were ready to go.  My boyfriend got a crab cake sandwich which was freezing cold, he didn't even get through half of it.  With so many other great restaurants in the area I find it hard to believe this place stays in business.Gigi suffers from an identity crisis; don't get involved. There are too many other great eateries in the neighborhood to put up with Gigi's sub-par food and dingy atmosphere. 
My girlfriend and I went here on a Living Social coupon ($45 for 2 entrees, 2 desserts, and a bottle of wine). We ordered "cornbread/meal dusted" calamari from their "Tapas" menu, though it wasn't included, and I can honestly say it was the worst calamari I've ever had. Perhaps at one point in its existence this calamari was worth $9, but that was probably months ago, before its long vacation in GiGi's freezer. 
We both ordered steaks, I had the ribeye and Kate had the filet. Kate's was pretty alright (mind you the menu price was $29, I think . . . we had to pay a $6 up-charge; not terrible). It came with Lobster Risotto, which had a nice flavor but was no where near cooked. My ribeye was pretty gross - coffee crusted = lots and lots of coffee flavor to overpower the lack of kitchen prowess. I ordered it medium rare - it was well done (as in overcooked, not good). Came with mashed potatoes . . .  from a box. Also, when our server was serving our entrees, he dropped some of the onion rings off of my plate; he picked them up but never brought out more onion rings. Bad form. 
Then I found a fly in my wine. Then they tried to auto-grat our check 20%. Get out of here. This place is bleeding money. It won't be long before the ownership/management changes hands. One of Philly's worst.Made reservations to go for restaurant week and was seated right away on arrival. Decent selection of beer but thought the mixed drinks were a bit pricey although the martinis mixed with champagne were a big hit. Food was pretty good but for 35 dollars and four courses why complain?? Very cool and relaxed place inside and would definitely go again.How this restaurant manages to stay open is beyond me.... My best friend loves buying deals on Groupon and Living Social. She purchased a Groupon for GIGI which included a soup/salad and 4 tapas for 40$. Its Friday night I'm hungry and she suggest checking it out. I was excited to be seated outside. The host was very friendly and said our server would be right with us. Three minutes went by when a manager came by and asked if we'd been seen yet; keep in mind we still don't have menus. We said no and he told the Host that she would be our server. She quickly came over with menus and asked to take a drink order. I asked for Stoli O on the rocks and she said they didn't have it and recommended Pennical Orange... OK I'll give it a try. Ten minutes later we still don't have water and the drink arrives. I've never had this brand of vodka but it didn't taste like orange at all. It turns out I was given a gin and tonic. Its not a big deal she corrected it. We ordered the loaded fries, calamari, Asian wings and cheesesteak eggrolls. The groupon also came with a salad, mix greens, blue cheese, blueberries, cranberries, apples and a yummy dressing. The salad was the best thing brought to the table. I'm glad I saved it for last. The cheesesteak eggrolls were pretty yummy but they could get a little creative and serve it with a sauce instead of just ketchup. Unfortunately, the fries were frozen crinkle cut with cheap wiz and bacon, they were soggy and undesirable, the wings could of been good if they weren't drowned in bottled Asian duck sauce. Once we finished eating we sat with dirty plates in front of us for quite some time. We were never asked if we wanted dessert. The check was brought out and still the dirty dishes remained. Since we had a groupon I was only charged for my drink. The check was just over 10$ I gave the waitress my card and when she returned I was charged 21.xx$ It didn't make sense so I brought it to her attention. It was evident she closed the wrong check to my card. I tipped her accordingly, I feel like she just either had too much to handle or just has no clue what she's doing. Either way, there are so many other places to go to in this city I cannot see myself returning. SORRY.Very cheap. You get what you pay for. Meaning our meal got comped because the service was that bad and the management knew it. Got there at 1:30pm, not rush hour by any means and got our food at 3:00. To top it all off they brought the wrong food out and it was cold. I feel bad for the waitress because she knew it was the kitchens fault and couldn't do anything about it. Too bad she is working for such an abysmal place.A nice day to take a walk down Market Street with an office friend to grab a quick lunch. This is the second time (what's that expression about fool me first time shame on you, fool me second time- you get my point)
Maybe an adult beverage would have made the experience better, but I doubt it. I ordered the chicken fajita wrap, which I am tasting again and again.It wasn't good the first time, so a second and third time, well you get the point. My gf had a salad which she said was so-so. Bottom line, we should have kept walking to any of the other places in Olde City. $40 for lunch of this caliber isn't worth it. Never again! Gotta go grab the Pepto!Read every 1-star review and you'll understand why we'll never go back or speak of this place again.
The waiter tried his best, but he had to make excuses for the kitchen the entire night.
And the food? ~~YUCK~~Everything was mediocre, the service, food, drinks, and prices. The drinks were meh, and weak on the alcohol. The food was expensive, very slow to come out and not that great.  With everything else in the city, why would anyone ever come back here?Brunch review......
After a long night where daylight happened before my head hit the pillow, Gigi was the perfect brunch stop after three hours of sleep.
We sat outside, there was immediate seating which was nice, sometimes brunch places are so packed, it was nice to not have to wait.  Our waitress brought water right away, and I ordered the $5 Ketel One Bloody Mary...not a bad deal on a Sunday.  However, it was fizzy!  Something with their mix, must be one of the spices, gave it a fizziness that wasn't the greatest.  It tasted good, just fizzed on the tongue.  
My breakfast burrito was a little dry, it needed some cheese, or more guacomole or something, but the flavors were delicious.  The homefries were nicely seasoned and served with sauteed onions.  My friend ordered an omelette which looked delicious.
All in all, good brunch, friendly wait staff, and the only disturbance was the Duck Boat tours that drove past us a few times...It seems that this Old City locale is still finding its vibe. The music was very loud and poppy and the inside ambiance was more like a bar than an up-scale restaurant. My boyfriend and I shared the Paella for two and it was definitely lacking in flavor and seemed as though it may have been sitting for a while before they served it. The other people we ate with had the salmon and said that they liked it, but prices were extremely high given the quality of the food. I think this place has the potential to be great, but needs to work out some kinks before they get there.Not bad... not bad at all. Much like Mimi H. said I found this place by wandering around Old City just looking for somewhere to eat. My companion and I didn't have many requirements other than there had to be cocktails and wouldn't kill our wallets. Gigi's fits the bill there.
We started with an appetizer of what our waitress described as a "tuna lasagna"; layers of tuna tartar split by wafers of crispy wonton noodles, in an aioli sauce with tobiko. Thumbs up there. Give me fish... "raw and wriggling."  We followed it with the seafood paella for two. Now neither of us were interested in calamari so we asked if we could 86 it and have more of the another seafood, like shrimp. Our waitress complied...
Sort of. There were four jumbo shrimp and a ton of mussels (thank god I taught myself to like them). So many mussels that I couldn't find the rice until about half way through the meal. And if that was more shrimp, does that mean there were only two in it originally? sigh. The sauce the paella came in was very watery and lacked umph. Don't get me wrong, there was flavor, just nothing to write home about (just write here).
Atmosphere-wise it was working the trendy/lounge vibe. Perhaps on a weekend night it would have been more bustling. As it stood, our waitress gave us happy hour prices on our drinks even though we missed happy hour just to get us in the door.A couple of my friends had had so-so experiences at GiGi....but I had liked it both times I was there.   I convinced them all to give it a try.  Now, this review isn't really about the restaurant....b/c they lost our reservation, it's about the waitress, Jennifer.  We were all a little annoyed when we were finally seated and within a minute, she changed the whole vibe.  She said "How are you all doing?"  We're like "eh, ok."  She said  "However many drinks it takes, we're going to change all that!"  She had a really great attitude and knew how to turn the situation around so we could all have a fun night.   We didn't expect free drinks or anything like that, then at the end of the meal, when by that time when we had forgotten that we were annoyed in the first place, she brought us all a chocolate dessert to share.  Now that's a good waitress.    
Overall, I still like Gigi.  Their food is interesting and Jennifer gives us all hope that there are good servers out there!This was my second time eating at GiGi, my first time was during restaurant week - food good, company good, service really bad. But I always give second chances and I am glad that I did! 
We went for Sunday brunch this time and I have to say my experience was much better. After a really weird, and long night, I really needed some good food. So we got to sit outside which was very nice for the people watching. Especially because it looked like a couple buses of people got dropped off every 30 minutes or so and walked by. Love tourist watching....lol!
They have a really good selection on the brunch menu from omelets, to sandwiches. They also had goo drink specials for Bloody Mary's which were $5. 
The ham and cheese omelet with home fries were delicious! Everything was very tasty and seasoned home fries always hit the spot.The food was alright, nothing special. Just meh.
Our waitress was great and so was the French 
Onion soup.
We both got entrees, the salmon and the mushroom ravioli. The salmon was not the freshest, it was edible though. The ravioli were kind of doughy and the fill tasted like mushrooms and flour.
The signature drinks were strong and maybe if I had a few more the food would have tasted better.
As a previous review said, don't waste your time- there are way better places to eat in Philly.I went for Valentine's day, setting was mellow and romantic. 
Very fast service and good chicken. I like the blend of American and Latin America dishes, definitely makes the food more interesting and enjoyable. 
Nice place for a date or just dinner with a small group of friends.Gigi would get a higher rating from me if it wasn't surrounded by much better restaurants. The food isn't bad and the atmosphere is really nice (especially sitting outside on a nice night).  But in Old City and in Philadelphia where the restaurant scene is excellent it just doesn't cut it.  The food is pretty mediocre across the board.So as we are walking around down olde city trying to find a good, new place to eat, we were greeted by two female servers from here edging us on to come in and try the place out! After their friendliness, warm ambiance of the place, drinks and my meal and the whole vibe today, I would definitely recommend this place! Today was my girlfriend and I first time going and it was the best late lunch/ dinner (happy hour times) we've had at a restaurant since our first time at pizzicato (another restaurant across the street from GiGi's)! This is one of the best times to go because from 5-7p (and all day Wednesdays are half bottles of wine) are half priced martinis, beer, margaritas, etc! It's a cute cozy Asian-American vibe and ambiance throughout the entire restaurant! It's great for dates and after work get together With coworkers or friends! Now onto the meal: their Asian style appetizer wings are truly the best wings I've had at a restaurant. For my entre, I had the Shrimp Scampi and it was good (especially with the gnocchi). My gf had the veggie fettuccine which she really enjoyed (for those fellow vegans). Dessert was great. I had their new dish which was a banana split tiramisu with brownies!!! May sound weird but it is truly a mouth full sensation!!  We went with a Pinot Grigio bottle of wine and a martini that was soo good (sorry can't remember the name but it's the only one served with champagne)!!  The servers are soo friendly and very helpful (ask for Jess if you go; she's a great, sweet, bubbly person)! The pricing isn't bad at all! It's truly worth a visit the next time Anyone's down olde city! It's not too noisy or crowded. It's the perfect setting and has a homey feel that you can't get at many places down there! I can't wait to go back With all my girls!Place was 60% empty on a Saturday night and the food was rather pricey for food that was fair AT BEST. Crab cake's were billed as "award winning" and were 75% Panko- piles of mush. My girlfriends lobster ravioli was way overcooked and the people we took had stir fry's that could have been from Chili's for over $20. We were all very bummed and now know why it was not crowded. Dinner with a couple of drinks each was ~$340! I hate ditching privately owned establishments, but this was just not good and to be that pricey AND deliver average food is a horrible combination.Mi Gente de Yelp,
Thank you for giving your reviews of this place.  I preface my review with that because I sure did come onto Yelp to check out potential Restaurant Week places to meet my girly downtown for our usual get together.
My girly suggested one of two places to meet up, and Gigi's was one of them.  Four courses was the main attraction, especially during Restaurant Week.  I mean, who doesn't want to maximize their dollars these days?  What I learned is that Gigi's is a "hit or miss" kinda spot. Even my girly said so.  So, thanks to your reviews, I knew what NOT to order (no to the prosciutto!), and Gigi's it was.
We didn't have a reservation, but luckily there was a bar and we were able to just hang and people watch (especially the really cute bar tenders!) as the Host told us there was some Eye Candy at the bar, and that we would have a good time. "True, true" Host Dude!
After asking cute bar tender #1 what were his suggestions, I ordered the Manhattan Crab Soup (not too bad), the Spinach, Artichoke, and Crab Dip w Pita Chips (that was yum-yummy!  A lady next to me said I looked like I was enjoying it so much that she ordered herself one), the Lobster Ravioli (I really liked the light creamy sauce that it came with), and for desert, the red velvet, of which i took a nice chunk home in a box being so full, thanks to cute bartender #2.
The atmosphere was a little dark for my tastes, but since it had a bar I'm not complaining much, j/s.  It was smaller than I expected for some reason... the tables looked crowded up and when people started coming in later on it was feeling tight on the way out.
Even tho my visit was an actual hit, I'm giving Gigi's 3 stars because: I'm not sure if I would go back again, except for maybe the happy hour and the spinach dip?, although the food was good, it wasn't rock my socks off (but definitely Restaurant Week worthy), and no parking vouchers? That's supposed to be a perk for Restaurant Week and the excuse that "they don't give those out" just kinda sucked.The first issue I have with Gigi's is their website. I went here last night after looking at their website (not at yelp) and expected a fairly upscale, nice restaurant. Along the lines of Alma de Cuba. It turns out Gigi's is a sports bar. Which is fine, but just don't market yourself as "fine dining." My other issue is the service was ridiculous. We had a 7pm reservation and didn't get seated till 7:45pm. (We got a round of free drinks for the inconvenience, at least.) We didn't get our food till after 8:30pm. We also had all the problems everyone else had with no menus, no silverware, having to flag down our waiter just to request water, the tv's competing with the loud music, etc.
It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't what we were expecting at all. The food was okay . . . nothing that warrants a second trip. The waitstaff was friendly; the wine pours were generous . . . but still, it was "eh."This place is not bad. This place is not great either. But it's not bad. The food is top-notch, and even in their luxurious quality, the appetizers were still pretty reasonably priced. They even have onion rings for people who can't stand hummus or Chinese chicken wings or edamame or muscles.
I visited this place in the winter, too, which may be bias. I hear the porch in the summer is quite "slamming." But regardless of the average service, the average crowd, and the average lighting, the ultra-clean bathrooms, and a mojito/cocktail menu that seems suitable for a princess or prince (the drinks all having crazy ingredients, including one that has maple syrup in it), the place didn't scream "come back again." Probably due to the prices, and due to some beer being in bottles. What's up with that?Cozy little restaurant in Old City.  My boyfriend and I were drawn to it  because he noticed the special for the day was steak tips with pirogues.  We arrived for dinner to learn that was only a lunch special.
Despite that disappointment, we were very pleased with our dinner.  The service was good, and the food quite tasty.
We ordered a tapas of mahi-mahi skewers with pineapple that was especially delicious.  The mahi was extremely tender and nicely grilled.  I also tried a fresh mozzarella and cherry tomato salad, which was good, but not stand-out.
The same could be said for my entree of tilapia and crab.  While the tilapia was very tender like the mahi, it tasted a bit bland even with the sauce and garnishes which completed the dish.
I thought my boyfriend's dish of fish & chips (the fish of the day was monkfish) was exceptional though.  It was all deep fried to perfection - may have been the best french fries I've ever tried - and the batter went nicely with the monkfish.  Tartar, cocktail sauce, and a vinegar & sherry dip were on the side.  The vinegar & sherry dip had an excellent taste.
I'd return.  I won't make a point of doing it anytime soon though...unless I see that steak & pirogue special again!Food was good a bit overpriced , service was good , but atmosphere was but lacking ...Slow service, poor food...this place is a tourist trap and should be avoided at all costsA huge group of friends decided to try GiGi's during restaurant week.  None of were disappointed.  It's a quaint space, friendly service, great food.      
The hostess added an extra person to our table without any issues.  And the bartender was super attentive while some of us chatted at the bar waiting for our entire party to arrive.  
Dinner and dessert was amazing. There were plenty of pre fix courses and the portions were hearty.  My friends recommend the mussels.  I vote for the scallops with fresh watermelon. And if memory serves me, the chocolate cake for dessert.I bought a KGB deal - $20 for $50 and let me tell you it wasn't worth it. The service was terrible, the food had potential but wasn't great and when we brought it to the attention of our waitress that our fries were chewy - yes chewy - she looked at us and said "oh I wonder of they were undercooked" and that was all. They clearly aren't trained to handle issues properly which falls on management. This place won't survive. The table net to us was complaining about how long things were taking and finally the husband had to leave - the wife stayed and asked for their desserts to be packed to go since he had to leave. Don't waste a dime going... BIG disappointment!Place looks cozy. The food took almost 1 hour to serve. Some sandwiches were already cold. It was an experience, but definitely no repeat. Food taste not worth the wait.I came here last year for Restaurant week and it was great now I'm Very thankful Gigi's was able to accommodate us last night with out reservations extra crowded cause of Restaurant week very kind and friendly staff (the waiter was a lil forgetful dnt know if he was knew or not)  food was good and drinks were strong I think they must have a great happy hour cause the bar was crowded lol... Made reservations for the inconsiderate restaurant across the street (F&I)  and they were closed no notice no note and the neighbors had no idea.... Thanks again Gigi c ya next yearThis place has a great happy hour with half priced drinks and $5 appetizers.  The mojitos are really good and so is the fried shrimp.  Great after-work place :-).  In the summer, it's nice to sit outside and people watch here on Market St.Stopped in randomly a few Fridays ago.  The beer list was decent, the service was pretty good.  The collection of people was totally random - not at all the crowd you'd expect in Old City.  All in all, not a bad experience if you're just looking for a quick drink.I went here with a friend after purchasing a deal on Living Social that included a bottle of wine, choice of 2 entrees or 4 tapas/salads, and 2 desserts.  I was pretty surprised that we got a decent bottle of Chianti, which wasn't the lowest priced wine on the wine list - it was not bad.  
For food, we decided on the tapas because we'd get to try a variety of things:  jerk chicken skewers, cheesesteak empanadas, chicken dumplings, and the braised pork taquitos.  Not one of these tapas blew me away whatsoever - the flavors were just not there.  The most disappointing dish was the jerk chicken skewers with the dijon aioli - absolutely no flavor and the aioli was a joke (tasted like mayo and plain greek yogurt).
For dessert, we ordered the cheesecake and red velvet cake.  The cheesecake tasted like it was taken right out of a box however the red velvet cake wasn't too bad and had a hint of strawberry flavor.
I know a lot of people posted about how bad the service was, but we had a totally different experience (maybe because it seemed we were the only ones in there actually ordering anything from the kitchen).  Our server, Frank, was very friendly and on point.  Also, the food came out pretty quickly (even though it was blah).
Other than the awful tapas, I have two complaints:
1.  What the hell is going on with the musical selection you have here?  When I walked in, Frank Sinatra was blaring - fine by me.  By the time we were finishing up, it was a TLC dance party.  As much as I enjoy a little old school TLC, I'm not really sure what you're trying to get at here with the random change of tunes.  Oh, and what's up with having the hockey game turned up over the already loud music?  I don't get it.
2.  The 20% tip was automatically included on the bill as a "service charge."  Don't get me wrong, I'm not cheap and I will typically give a 20% tip, but to automatically include it seems like bad restaurant etiquette.
I will not be going here again...there are too many good restaurants in the area that perform way better than Gigi's.Not the flashiest or glitziest lounge in Olde City, but if you just want good food, quick service, and strong drinks in a laid back environment, this is the place to go.  They have great happy hour specials as well.This place sucks. Upon arriving, we were told that we had to sit outside due to an unexpected, last-minute private party. This is after we made an Opentable reservation, so they could have notified us of the situation prior to our arrival. We ordered a calamari appetizer, which was way overcooked and had little to no taste. We then ordered the paella for two. Bad move. The rice was mushy and bland, the seafood had an unpleasant fishy taste, and the whole thing was served in a hot liquidy broth. It was more like soup than paella, and a bad tasting soup at that. 
Top top it all off, I ordered decaf coffee, and was told that they had one coffee pot and only regular was available. 
With bad food and bad service, they might consider focusing exclusively on the "lounge" portion of their name.Right.  So we headed to Gigi's after a day of volunteering at the PAWS Adoption Center in Old City.  We had read something in the CityPaper about Gigi's having great Fish n' Chips (ages ago) and we've been meaning to hit it up.  Much to our dismay, Fish n' Chips were not on the menu, but we decided to opt for the standard pub grub:  Beers and burgers.
Lindsay got the burger - which was a good burger, not mind blowing but good.  I ordered the chicken burger - which was completely and totally flavorless.  Like - "What is that meat like substance in between the roll?" I actually put ketchup on the sandwich so it tasted... like something.  The lettuce looked like it was 4 weeks old and left out of the refrigerator for the last week.  
Decor:  Ugh.  Really guys?  Tacky lighting, TV's over the bar, terrible speakers.  The music wasn't that loud (Saturday afternoon), but the speakers were of so poor quality that our ears began to hurt after five minutes, so we moved outside.  (Nice seating outside, but that's nothing special in Old City on Market Street...)  I feel like this place needs an upgrade - both on the decor front and the menu front.
With so many places in the city to get pub grub, I will not be going back to Gigi's.  Maybe they were having an "off" day or something, but life is too short - and there are so many places that make my belly happy.Came here with a living social deal and if not for the ridiculous deal ($25 for $55 off) I would have walked out.  Many warning signs my wife and I chose to look past (deal being one of them).  Despite advertising a full bar, we were told when we got there that they were doing BYOB this weekend and offering a complimentary glass of wine or beer....WTF!!!!  Very dumb on their part, probably lost so much money on people not buying drinks!  Silverware was random and flimsy and was wrapped in regular kitchen napkins; very odd and off putting.  THEN, I ordered diver scallops and was told later that I ordered off the old menu and needed to choose something different...huh? Hummus appetizer was straight out of a jar and the pitas were rock solid.  My wife ordered the Chicken Roma and honestly could have done better at home.  I ordered their "award winning" crab cakes and was given two tiny frozen crab cakes set on top of 1lb of cous cous and so much horseradish sauce it was almost inedible.  The vegetables (if you can call them that) looked like slop and chopped so improperly it was disgusting.  I am not a restaurant snob by any stretch, but this experience was appalling and I cannot believe this place is still open.  The food was horrendous, but our waitress was nice.  DO NOT GO, I wouldn't go back even if someone gave me a free meal.Went here the other night after visiting several years ago with some girlfriends. We stopped in for a cocktail. The bartenders were very nice; however, when I asked them for a cocktail menu they didn't have any. Although they could make whatever I wanted, and were quick to ask what I was looking for, I was disappointed. A lounge should have an inspired cocktail list. That being said, I also ordered cheesecake for dessert. It was average. The atmosphere however is really nice. When we went on a Saturday evening there was a small band playing in the corner that added to the experience. We might try again, if only for the relaxed atmosphere and nice Old City location.GiGi = One of the BEST customer service experiences I've ever had.
My boyfriend and I were at GiGi while there was a huge event going on outside on Market Street, and one of the radio stations broadcasting live from the restaurant.  They sat us down, and after a couple of minutes needed to move us to another table.  Now of course we were more than happy to move, but the guy threw in a round of beers on the house for the trouble of moving!  Then the rest of the meal we just had great service, great food, and a great time watching everyone go by who was visiting the event on Market Street.  Would def. recommend this place.
And they have really good thin fries. :)I don't know where everyone ate that wasn't great, but it definitely does not sound like the Gigi Lounge I went to. I've been there twice, the first for cocktails with the girls, the second this past restaurant week.  I love this place! The food was AMAZING! Gigi was the only place during RW that offered a four course menu and gave you plenty of choices. For 35 bucks I got the house salad (which is not you regular house salad..it was 10x better and I'm not even a salad type of person), the jerk chicken (still as good as I remembered from the first time), and the new Steak tips. The tips were so original and delicious. I hope they add it to the regular menu soon because I will definitely order it again.
There was plenty of space to eat (we were outside, beautiful!) and my waitress was so attentive yet down to earth. I've been to other restaurants during restaurant week, but never have I been greeted by the owner. He went to every table and introduced himself and asked our opinions. It's nice to know the owner cares about what the customer wants.
Overall, if you want a nice, elegant yet not overpriced dinner Gigi is a wonderful spot.I strolled in as an out-of-town visitor and was more than pleasantly surprised. An amazingly friendly staff and good selection of Philly beer (Liberty)! All-around a positive experience.Had my college graduation celebratory dinner here and there was 7 of us. Besides the fact my mother made a reservation via the telephone and when we arrived they didn't have the reservation nor the table set up, everything else was amazing! I make it sound horrible but the server (male and I cant remember his name) really did a great job of recovery quickly setting up a table for us... took 3 minutes if that. There was a bartender (woman) and it would have been 5 Star service if while he was setting up the tables, she could have come over to take a drink order since she wasn't doing anything at the time... Also, there was a little mix up with the "time" the dinner menu became available since we were told one time over the phone and another from the server but it was all worked out (in our favor)... Never the less, when the food came out, we forgot about everything. Granted after a 2-top left, we became the only table in the place (6pm-ish/ mid-week) and the service was even better at that point never having any of the beverages go half empty. Kudos to the server - Because of him & the great food, Ill be back for sure. Maybe next time to have drinks in their lounge... I really want to try some of the mojitos since they advertise them like crazy!
Recommendations: Napoleon of Tuna Tartare (app), Pork Tenderloin (ent), and the Lobster Risotto (side). They were ALL exceptional!i just tried dinner with gigi today and I gotta say, IT IS DELICIOUS!!!!
It's pretty pricey for entrees but all we ordered was the appetizers and 1 entree between 3 people was 70 bucks and they even put the gratuity for ya in the bill, which is pretty reasonable because the food is just so worth it!!!
We ordered the calamari...its so cute and tiny, i recommend the white sauce..not the orange one lol
Also got this thing on the appetizer with tuna and its raw tuna on fried cracker thing and omg it was SOOO GOOD!!
Also got the lobster rositto, which i love everywhere and they made it perfectly!
Also got the cheesesteak, its a cute beef pattie fried lookin thing...looks kinda like the in out pizzas..haha but it was good!
And for entree we got the salmon with mash potatoes, omg it was all cooked right and very good! i would recommend eatin here for fusion cuisine in olde city because it totally filled up my taste buds! :) 
they only had 2 servers but they were very very friendly and was still on time to serve us...i love it! :)We picked GiGi for a spring lunch based solely on their outdoor tables in the sun and a vaguely remembered rumor that meals came with free sangria.
The free sangria turned out to be at the place next door, but the outdoor seating was as pleasant as expected. Our salads were fine (although the avocado promised by the menu was a measly sliver).
Nothing stand-out about the place, but nothing terrible either.I went there for restaurant week. They offered four courses instead of three. For the first course, two of us chose the greek salad. It was good, but we thought that the cream of mushroom soup was EXCELLENT and the better choice. The second course was a heftier appetizer. Two of us got the beer battered shrimp. They were very good, the tempura was light and fluffy. They were served with a delicious thai chili sauce. The third person got scallops wrapped in bacon with a horseradish sauce. She loves bacon wrapped scallops and she approved. The third course was the entree. I had the chicken roma and it was delicious. The balsamic reduction was the perfect sauce for the grilled chicken, spinach, and grilled grape tomatoes. All of it was topped with fresh mozzarella. The other two got the lobster ravioli and the crabcakes. The crabcakes were amazing from the actual cake to the rice underneath. The lobster ravioli lacked flavor and didn't taste very "lobster-y." She thought that it would be better with more of the pinot-grigio cream sauce and some lobster meat on top. All three of the desserts were HEAVENLY. Get the chocolate fudge cake. Just do it. It was the perfect amount of rich and dark without being overwhelming. I was told that the cheesecake was delicious. The pound cake is homemade by a friend of one of the managers.
Speaking of the managers, the service was great, too. Denise, one of the new managers, told us that she recently took on an overhaul of the business side of the restaurant. She wanted our input and we could honestly tell her that the food was fresh and delicious. Our waitress, Trish, was excellent. She was very attentive without being overbearing. 
Overall, I really liked my experience at Gigi. I highly recommend checking it out!I ended up here on a random First Friday and was pleasantly surprised by the experience. My date and I were seated on the patio and promptly ordered a pitcher of sangria. It was tasty, chock full of fruit and more than enough for two people. I chose the paella for dinner and it arrived steaming and full of succulent meat and seafood. I only managed to eat half of it and sadly declined a doggie bag, since we had more walking about to do that evening. The next day I could've kicked myself for not bringing the leftovers home. I'm ready for round two at GiGi.Great food and great service.  The wait staff was very friendly we gave my best friend an informal birthday party there they even provided the candle (cuz we forgot lol) the food was good we all couldn't decide so we ordered different and ate from each other.  A great time i deffinetly recommend this place.went for lunch today. had the mussels and the quessedilla. it was blah. musles a little over cooked and the quessedilla was just ok. but the bartender tom, was great. i was by myself and he kept me company as much as he could. (when not waiting on other people). he went above and beyond for me. i would give the food 2 stars and tom gets a star for himself. service means everything.I have to say we had the nicest waitress, but I was just throughly under impressed with the food. Went with my buddy after passing on a quick slice at Gianfranco. Tried three things: the Gigi sampler, my favorite was the beer battered shrimp but very me too; spinach + feta empanada we both took one bite and put it down; chicken was dry; ravioli wasn't bad but his fav (I'll accept for an Irishman since they don't know ravioli); cheesesteak empanada again me too not special like Good Dog does it with truffled cheddar cheese and a bourbon infused rogue chocolate stout sauce for dipping. Tuna + lobster tempura roll was just aweful. This sounded so good when we ordered it but a disappointment...very heavy seaweed paper taste drowned out under seasoned and plain crab and lobster. Gigi's pressed cuban sliders, elementary at best but better than most of the stuff.Used a Groupon (8 for 20) for tapas before a show. Reviews on Yelp were troubling, so we went with a wary mind. There was a restriction for older 4-course vouchers where upcharges where imposed, which admittedly is weird, but no restriction on ours. I agree that the place doesn't know what it wants to be, but it's clearly not a fine dining experience. It's a "hip" bar with better than average bar food, a bit overpriced.
I can only review on the tapas, of which we had four. The jerk chicken skewers, crab cakes, scallops and pork taquitos. Each was good, with the taquitos being the best by far. We each had a half price glass of wine (during happy hour). Our server Frank was great with recommendations, explanations, speed and wit.Just got back from Gigi, went in a little concerned after seeing all the negative yelp reviews, but if you know the kind of place you're going to, you'll be fine.  Its a bar. It has good bar food.  Huge portions for tapas, the beef sliders are not slider sized, but  1/3 normal burger size.  Good hostess, good waitress, decent place for a casual meal. Did not take forever to get the food.Went here for lunch today. Was not impressed at all. Service was slow even though there were a total of 5 people in the entire place when we arrived ( 3 with me, 2 at another table). It's quite possible that they were short because of the weather- didn't see why it was so hard to manage 5 patrons though.  My table all agreed that the food was lacking. My burrito was made without the salsa and sour cream that the description included. This left it dry and nothing special with just chicken and rice and beans. 
The place was cute and had a nice vibe so maybe I'd return for drinks- probably won't be eating lunch there again thoughworst service I ever had
This is by far the worst restaurant i've ever had in Philadelphia, after dining and wining here for three and half years.
Don't we tip based on the quality of the service? Restaurants can't put tips on their bills, unless it's a party of five+, right????
This rule does not apply to Gigi: they put the tips on the bill when my mom and I went there this evening. Can you believe that???
I was offended! did they suppose that because my mom doesn't speak English, or because we are not whites, so we will not pay the tips? (the waitress is an African American girl)
BTW the service was really bad. the lady brought us two glasses of water, without any straw or lemon in it, while the rest of the tables got them. and we spent at least an hour just waiting for the food.The service isn't very good. The restaurant is freezing in the winter. We went there and they didn't have any items on there menu. They wouldn't accept our living social deal. During restaurant week they are actually more expensive than during normal weeks. With so many better restaurants around, do yourself a favor and skip this one.Service was painfully slow. Food was in uneventful and although they accepted a reservation for 9, they weren't prepared when we arrived on time and the space was inadequate for our party. No need to return.