Could have been one of the overall worst experience I've had in a long time. Started by the rude person who answered the phone. We called as there was a chance we would run late for our reservation by 15 minutes. They wouldn't hold the table but they had available reservations after our time. This makes no sense as they had the table available as well as others within the same time frame. We arrived on time but I wish we ended up going someplace else. The service was completely unacceptable. Our waiter was totally overwhelmed and could not handle his station. We ordered drinks and had to ask the manager for them after we waited 20 minutes and they still had not arrived. The salad was over dressed, they added cheese when we requested no cheese, they forgot items, some dishes came when everyone was done eating and we never saw the waiter again. The manager and the bus people were serving us all night. I've been to this restaurant several times have had slow service before but never experienced anything this bad. Everyone at the table said they would never go back.4 of us stopped in last Saturday night to check out the place and have a drink. Upon walking downstairs we were pleasantly surprised, the ambiance was warm and inviting. We sat in the lounge which was very comfortable and gave you a full view of the restaurant. The bar menu had a great assortment to choose from. Our server was Brian who was so personable and spot on with his suggestions. My group shared the shrimp scampi, Caesar salad, and tomato pie. The food was great, by far one of the most flavorful shrimp scampi's that I have had. My husband's way of judging Italian restaurants is by their sauce/"gravy" and asked if the chef would give him just a little taste with a piece of bread and he gave it one of the biggest compliments "Almost as good as my grandmother's"! I just made reservations for dinner next Saturday to surprise him for his birthday. I will report back on the entrees.Was here Saturday night with friends.   We parked less than a block away in the parking garage.   The atmosphere was very cool, seating booth was extremely comfortable.  Our server Travon was outstanding.  The appetizers were excellent and the main courses that we ordered for the table were all excellent.  Oh and the coffee and desserts were excellent as well.  We will definitely be back soon.Had dinner here the other night - it's a family style experience for the most part - the starters were interesting and well presented. I had the chicken Milanese and it was ok - I had heard that they shave the parm table side but this did not happen. My friend has the Sunday Gravy - all okay. The highlight was dessert, the cannoli was delicious. I tried to purchase some to go upstairs at the counter but the two bartenders were too busy talking to each other and I got tired of waiting and left. The restaurant is interesting, food good, service just ok.We went for dinner last night and we were very happy. The food was good (a little salty) but good. We had a great house salad, fantastic Stromboli, great meatballs and Sunday gravy. The cannoli was great and the lemon sorbet was out of this world good. Good service also. We will definitely be back.This restaurant has an amazing, quaint atmosphere that truly boasts a homey Italian feel. All of the dishes are perfectly seasoned/dressed, and do not lack in portion size. The wait staff was kind and welcoming, and our waitress was able to answer any questions we had. Though the restaurant is fairly new, it seems they don't have any kinks in the system!The ambiance is amazing, great cocktails, great service. Went on a Tuesday night and it was packed (not the norm for PHL). Got the Sunday gravy and chicken parm. The Chicken Parm was extremely good. Would recommendNothing blows your socks off in terms of the food, although they really are trying hard to project it into a special spot. The place is nice. The drinks are good. The clientele is strong, and they love that. There are some stand out dishes over others. The octopus wasn't cooked properly, resulting in that gummy texture. The Italian American style stuff was definitely better.Went for dinner on Friday night.  The place is beautiful inside unfortunately the food is average at best.  Our pasta was undercooked and the Fish dish was over cooked.  To much salt on most of the food, was more like diner food not classic Italian.  There are a number of better options in the city for Italian food.Pros
Great HUGE space with 2 levels. 
Ambiance is nice. Sorta like a big speak easy. 
Our waitress was friendly,honest and took our criticism like a champ all night - don't worry even though we did not like our meal we still tipped her well. 
Meatballs as an appetizer was on point and tasted like my Grandmom's. 
Bread was flaky on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. 
House wine was easy to drink. 
Cons
Everything else 
We ordered :
Apps-
Meatballs- pretty good
Octopus- more whole cloves of garlic and white beans than octopus. Poor attempt at a octopus ceviche flare they were trying to accomplish. 
Eggplant parm- eggplant was not cooked all the way and was extremely salty 
Stromboli- more bread than meat. 1 sliver of meat layer. But otherwise surrounding bread was light and flakey. 
Main- 
White clams and macaroni- just no. No flavor. Just tasted like clam juice. Coming from an Italian family , chef this needs some sprucing up with better flavors than just clam water. 
Veal parm- honestly the PARM breading might be what was salty because this dish was also extremely salty. Otherwise, basic nothing to rant and rave about. 
Pasta pomodora- pasta came out too soon from the pot. More al dente than would liked. Besides that not impressed, gravy was very sweet. 
Lobster Fra diavalo- this spaghetti was over cooked. Mushy and starchy. Not spicy. Just not good. 
Desserts-
Apparently from Terminis.... doesn't taste it
Bananas cream pie-  okay. Nothing special. Basic. Good. 
Cannoli- does not taste like terminis. 
Overall the experience started out well with the ambiance and meatballs and then quickly spiraled into the worst Italian food I have had in the city. 
Also tip, order in stages because they bring out your food as it's ready so if you order your apps and your main meal whatever is done will come out then you'll be eating everything at once. 
Disappointed. Such a big space to waste on not so average Italian food. The owners should stick with the Asian fusion or hire some new chefs who know how to cook Italian.Went for dinner on Friday night and was very impressed with the ambiance. Great atmosphere and not noisy at all for being such a large space. The food was also very good. The waitress told us to order five dishes which was a little too much for only two people. We ordered the meatballs, buffalo mozzarella, the Stromboli, the boar bolognese and the chicken parm. The meatballs and the Stromboli were both good and very generous portions. We absolutely loved the chicken parm and the bolognese. Next time we would probably only order the pasta and the chicken parm with a salad to share as the dishes come out haphazardly when they are ready similar to harp and crown. The cannoli that we ordered for desert was fabulous. We will definitely be back and excited to have another great new restaurant.Very good food, service was very good as well. The tasting menu well worth it. The restaurant is beautiful, great ambiance.They rushed our table of 4. 
We ordered 4 apps and 4 entrees and the entrees came a couple of minutes after the apps. 
Needless to say that despite us telling our waiter, Ryan, that we wanted the meal paced properly so we could enjoy each other and the food, they rushed us in and out. We received all of our food within 20 minutes of sitting down.
The food is mediocre, service is all talk and bad but the decor is very cool.
I doubt we will ever go back. There are many other restaurants with better food and service. 
We felt that they try to upsell and talk you into spending a lot and then rush you in and out to get another party at the table.The décor is beautiful and nothing can take away from that but the food? Bland, bland, bland. Cocktails, okay but mostly on the sweet side. The service? uncomfortable with hovering managers. I think this place could've been a great restaurant. The terimini bros. has the potential to produce great food, huge fan of café joe, but I think the mistake may have been teaming up with the Schulson company which produces very formulaic and impersonal dining experiences. While we ordered we listened to the server's rehearsed monologue and were told the kitchen was a "free flowing kitchen" and it was meant to be "family style." That's great and all but it only works when there isn't a lag between dishes and the food in front of you actually creates a family style experience. When craving south philly Italian food, I think it's worth the trip to just take the uber to south philly for some italian food with flavor. 2 stars for the cool space.I cannot say enough good things. My fiancé made a reservation a month ago for a surprise engagement dinner with our families. The 10 of us were seated in a lovely private room which felt intimate, yet not like we were hidden away from the wonderful vibe of the restaurant. The cocktails were enjoyed by all- and one point the manager stopped over and asked my sister in law if she enjoyed her Palma Fizz, as he recognized it just by the empty glass which we were all impressed by. We had plenty of appetizers to share, with the meatballs being a stand out. We're a classic bunch, and all enjoyed the chicken parmesan that four of us ordered. The service was attentive yet not overbearing, and again, cannot say enough good things about the food, drinks, and atmosphere.I have to say I am only giving stars for the ambiance of the downstairs bar area. Very sleek and modern with soft lighting. The bar server was friendly enough but looked stressed out with getting drink orders for a large crowd of people at the bar. There were two other bartenders with him so he wasn't doing everything on his own.  Now, the food...I'm sorry to say this but it's not authentic Italian in any sense of the word! We ordered gnocchi, eggplant parm, rice balls, and tomato pie.  The only way to describe the food is...bland with no seasoning, fit for a 6 year old who is a picky eater. It just had zero depth to the sauce, the gnocchi was way over cooked and the eggplant was covered with so much mozzarella cheese...I'm guessing to hide that awful tasting eggplant underneath? Honestly the food tasted like it had a frozen dinner quality. Everyone in our party was kind of shocked at how bad the food was!Had a wonderful dinner here. The downstairs dining area is beautifully decorated with a fun vibe. We did the chef tasting and everything was delicious. The shrimp scampi and chicken parm were outstanding, but we had no complaints about any of the food we recieved that night. Good portion sizes and great service. They even let us swap out a cannoli for cheesecake for one of our guests. We left happy and satisfied that night and are looking forward to returning.My family chose Giuseppe & Sons for my surprise birthday dinner. They were told it was the hottest new spot and it took them a long time to get a reservation. When we walked in, we had a drink at the bar before heading downstairs to dinner. The bartender was very genuine & funny.
      Upon walking into the dining area, the ambiance and decor is amazing. You can't take that away from them. 
     Our server, Jess, was very helpful in answering any questions we had. When she came with our drinks, she tripped. I got soaked. There was glass everywhere. The staff was attentive in cleaning up the mess.  As Jess turned to go in the back, she fell! Getting up quickly, she assured us she was okay and kept apologizing. We felt so bad for her knowing how embarrassed she must have felt. It was an accident. We made light of the awkward situation and the rest of the evening went well with Jess. She has a great sense of humor.
      Now, it took 20 minutes for a manager to come up to us to apologize. He told us to save room as dessert was on him. My husband made the manager assure him Jess was not to be reprimanded because of the accident.
     On to the meal. Jess did explain that food comes out as it's prepared. I agree with other reviewers. Everything came out at once! We ordered 7 appetizers and the scungilli salad. The table was packed. We tried to pass around some of the plates quickly so we could make room on the table. For as many people working there, the waitstaff could have moved a little more quickly in clearing dishes and glasses.
     The food was unimpressive. It was good, but not great. Nothing to brag about. There are so many other fabulous Italian restaurants in the city. The food highlights were the clams, grilled octopus, and the desserts.
     After dinner, we ordered 6 double espresso martinis. As they were being served by another waiter, the last martini was spilled all over my husband's shirt! He did apologize and offered club soda to put on the stain. No one else came over to check on him.
     Despite everything, we made sure we had a good time. But, all of us agreed...we won't be going back.came for restaurant week and had an OK time. 
the interior mood of this place is very cozy; Sinatra playing in the background, bar lighting is very vintage, i'm a fan! but the food definitely needs more finesse
started with the meatballs and octopus, honestly probably the best dishes of the night. the Caesar was okay, nothing spectacular.
crab spaghetti - more meat less fancy. i saw a crab on my plate so i went for it and cracked it open and there was barely any meat in it so i'm assuming it was just for show. it wasn't cleaned well and a weird smell. the meat in the actual spaghetti was a 2.5/5, i would have wanted more crab meat and less show in this dish. sauce and noodles were decent
sweetbreads marsala - this was good. i'm not the biggest fan of sweetbreads but it was a pretty small portion so i let my boyfriend eat most of it
broccoli rabe - this was way to bitter. i had to send it back 
ALL IN ALL, this place was a 3.5/5. service was good but the food isn't even close to the best italian food i've had in philly.. but it's new so i'm hoping with time they'll work out their kinks.Started off disappointingly because we had a 7:30 reservation and didn't get seated until 8, not sure if this was by design for cocktail purchases or overbooked, etc.  They made up for it with a complimentary order of Arancini balls.  Lovely decor and great waitresses.  Coat check was nice!  We had a table for 4 and all had the chef's tasting menu for $45.  The favorites were the veal cheeks, the octopus, the meatballs, and the canolli.  We mentioned about the  previous reviews with the food coming out too quickly, so she paced the meal quite well.  Overall we left thinking we would be back again.Alil disappointing to say the least. I asked for a basic cocktail, which was executed the complete opposite of what I asked for. The bartender were not personable at all they didn't greet me, or make me feel welcome. I was not offered food. No one even told me there names, the bartender spent most of his time on his phone. And I was the only person at the bar. Which made it worst. Terrible first experience more than likely will never come back.I'd argue with some of the reviewers who say the food here is bland & not comparable to some Philadelphia staples. This restaurant offers Italian AMERICAN classics with authentic Italian ingredients. The bread is fresh and the olive oil they provide on the table is definitely of quality. My boyfriend and I split the house salad, and I tried some of his mom's gem salad. Both were super crisp , refreshing & not over dressed (which too many places do). The gem salad had a pleasant tang, which we were trying to figure out if it was the dressing or a green. We had the buffalo mozzarella appetizer, which everyone at the table loved.  The cheese was soft and milky- accompanied by good olive oil, sea salt, & pepper - light & perfect. I had the crab & spaghetti with San Marzano tomato sauce, which I ate ALL of. This is where I think other reviewers mistake the sauce for bland. San Marzano tomatoes are not your typical canned tomato, they are sweet and delicate- not meant to be cooked until they're browned. I enjoyed that the tomato sauce in my dish was chunky, not over cooked and didn't burn a hole in my stomach. The broccoli rabe was delicious. I'm slightly jealous of the fact that I can't cook my own that way. We all enjoyed our meal. Needless to say the ambiance was incredible & the service was friendly. I like seeing more than one face touch a table. The only draw back was the food did take a little long, but they are only 3 months in and a learning curve in a new place is to be expected. Enjoy their great wines in the meantime ! Definitely worth it and we will definitely be back when we're in the philly area !Fantastic new Italian place in center city. I would recommend this to anyone wanting great Italian in the city. Very cool atmosphere underground. The arancini are to die for.Shocking to see how nice it is down stairs, upstairs is more of a diner vibe. The ambience is very nice, the cocktails were great,& the food was also good! Recommend the chicken parm, gnocchi, and shrimp scampi!Great lunch spot. Sandwiches are fresh and the price is right. $8 for a chicken parm sandwich is very inexpensive for the area. Cutlet was perfect and the sauce had a lot of taste. Also the service was very prompt. I was in and out with my hot sandwich within five minutes. Will definitely be back to try the rest of their sandwiches.Came here for drinks and light dinner at the downstairs bar on a Friday night. Quite pleased with the experience and looking forward to returning perhaps for happy hour, brunch (if they offer) or a sit down dinner at one of the tables. Food was okay - breads were pretty stale and some other things we ordered lacked flavor, but I am an extremist when it comes to that. Prices for cocktails are decent if you're willing to spend, food was quite reasonable for the portion. Decor and ambiance is beautiful and calming.Visited opening night but I am of the belief -- don't open until you're ready. Perhaps limiting the amount of covers you allow opening night would've fixed the following issues:
- poor service from start to finish 
- badly executed food
- two bad reviews in the first 24 hours of being open. 
Poor service
- We made a reservation and were told that the wait would be over 30 minutes. Hostess prompted us to get a seat/drink at the bar. There was no room to do so as the bar was full. Approached and was not acknowledged by bartenders. There were some open tables, and I do understand pacing the kitchen but very poor taste from the very beginning 
- Server clearly was green. Stumbled over her spiel. Did not offer to answer questions. Rhythm was off. She would disappear for long periods, clear food while still eating, and ask how the food tasted as soon as it had arrived. Um we haven't tried it yet? 
- Of the two managers, two bussers, and one server hovering to clear our dishes (always as soon as there was just a bite or two left) we were never offered clean share plates or silverware. Three courses of saucy food all mixed together. Did not expect at such a place with entrees ranging from $15-50 I'd have to ask for a common place service. I didn't ask so I didn't get it, I suppose. 
- we ordered wines by the glass and both rounds took a while to arrive. Second round took over ten minutes even with manager checking. 
- only one food runner described our dish, not even the manager who ran food. Would have appreciated more info since it's so dark you can barely see what you're eating. 
- after our dessert was the only time no one hovered to clear. Sat and waited while five managers stood by the server station conversing. Server had also disappeared at this point. We did get a food runner try to drop off veal on top of our cannoli though. That was weird. 
- I'm familiar with handheld payment system but awkward that server hovers as the tip screen pops up. First prompt is 25%. Are you kidding? I left 20% because I'm not a d-bag. 
Bad Food
- support staff brought us with basket of stale Italian bread. Insisted on putting our bread plates on top of menu as I moved them twice. 
- pasta was surprisingly pedestrian. You know when you ladle sauce on top of pasta out of boiling water? That's what it tasted like. No sharing spoons or spoons at all offered with pasta. 
- entrees were grossly over cooked like eating at your mother in laws house. Definitely jersey style. Broken sauce with oil separating. Not appetizing. 
- cannoli was fine. Just fine. Tasted like cream cheese. Would have preferred ricotta but that's just my taste. 
Hey, the restaurant is a beautiful, transformative, bi-level experience though! One that I won't ever repeat.50th Birthday Party Celebration Night Out Ruined 
In my life, I've never met a more rude server. This girl was the devil and her words were venomous. Three of my friends took me out for dinner last Friday night (4/12) and we were truly excited. We ordered a lot of food and many drinks (bill came to $260 with tip).
In sort, our crazy female server SCOLDED one of my guests and dear friends when she was told that my guest was allergic to onions. (the menu did not indicate onions would be on the salad). 
"WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME YOU WERE ALLERGIC WHEN I ASKED YOU???  I ASKED YOU THAT QUESTION WHEN YOU FIRST SAT DOWN. I DON"T UNDERSTAND WHY YOU DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING!!!!" This included finger-pointing and wide-eyed stares. I was mortified (I picked the restaurant as the birthday girl). 
My guest was dumbfounded. She is a special, very well=known lady from Gladwyne, PA and my mentor, friend, ally. I couldn't believe a server would talk to her that way...or do anyone that way! Ridiculous. For the money, you're better off in South Philly IMHO. My night was ruined because we were all in a state of shock due to mega attitude and non-verbals that were completely inappropriate (eye rolls, hands on hips, etc.) Here's a note to management: It doesn't matter how beautiful your restaurant is or how good the food is. If your staff treats patrons in the manner here in Philly, you will be OOB in less than 3 months. No one will return. I know I won't. So disappointed :(The chicken Milanese sandwich ....just get it. I can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu.Wonderful spot with a chic downstairs dining room. The food is great and the prices are very reasonable. My favorite things from the menu are the chicken parm, Caesar salad, tomato pie and shrimp scampi. Would come back again! The service is great tooDate night gone wrong: My husband and I had wanted to try Giuseppe and Sons since its opening, and were excited for a night out together. The ambiance once we walked down was just what we imagined it would be, and were seated quickly. However, our initial thoughts and expectations for a great night out were taken back when once we ordered and waited, and waited some more for food that never arrived. We ordered the artichokes, and a Caesar salad for starters. We received bread about 30 minutes into our arrival, and asked our waitress for water, and to taste one of the Italian wines once she came by to take our dinner order. After some more time, we became a little perplexed as to what was taking so long for our appetizers to arrive, but no one came past our table, or turned in our direction to inquire. Eventually, our main courses arrived. I ordered the veal Parmesan, and my husband the chicken, along with a side of pasta to share. My veal was tough, and required a steak knife to cut, while my husbands chicken Parmesan was delectable and could be easily cut with a fork. Half way through our main course my glass of wine arrived, and our waitress approached to see about our meals. We shared about our missing appetizers and she admitted to forgetting to put them in. A few minutes later a manager arrived to apologize about our appetizers and offered to have them boxed up for us to enjoy the following day, which we declined. We shared that we planned to return and would try them our next visit. He then stated that dessert would be on the house. However, after we split the banana cream pie, tasty, we received the bill which had dessert added as a charge; we didn't question it. We have never gone to a restaurant for a night out and left less than 20%; unfortunately, this was a first.I had been following the progress and updates about Giuseppe and Sons for the past few months. I made a 5:30 dinner reservation for my sister's bday last night and was really excited and looking forward to it! It exceeded my expectations on every level. The city was packed last night and I was nervous that food, service, something would suffer. The ambience itself is wonderful. The top floor is a luncheonette style presence, reminiscent of 70s Jersey Italian hangouts. I loved it immediately. The downstairs dining area was also wonderful. Have you seen White Christmas? It reminded me a bit of Novello's. Dark, cozy and beautifully appointed. Our server Travis was wonderful and dealt patiently with 5 loud women. :) We started with eggplant, buffalo mozzarella, shrimp scampi, arancini. All delicious. I had orchiette for dinner - good and the portion was perfect. Others had pasta and fish. All very happy. We ended our night with various desserts - my sister and I split the cannoli. Amazing. My only gripe was that the lemoncello was too strong for me - others might love it! Can't wait to go back!I had high expectations for a Schulson restaurant, and this place did not live up. The food was good, but nothing spectacular, and portions were on the smaller side. Most importantly the service was WEIRD. First, when being seated the hostess couldn't even find our reservation. Then, when ordering, our waiter seemed to be judging our selections and when asked if it was family style, he replied "it could be". Then all dishes besides one came out together, we were almost finished by the time the simplest of the dishes (pasta pomodoro) came out. None of the servers seemed friendly or happy to be there. The service was awkward and the food was subpar. I expected much more from a Schulson restaurant.I rarely leave reviews but I wanted to make sure others understand how their lunch works before going. There are no servers. You order at the counter/bar and the line got long. Reminded me of ordering at a fast food joint. We had the tuna and pork sandwiches along with a "Caesar" salad. The tuna was good. The pork was a soggy mess. And the caesar was served in a plastic take out bowl with close to zero dressing. It was just finely chopped romaine with grocery store croutons and tasteless cheese. The house white and red are terrible. Given there was no table service we opted to sit at the bar. The bartender was clearly not happy to be working lunch. I'm not a smiley happy person but man, she couldn't have made it more clear she DID NOT want to be there. With all the excellent Italian in this city, I won't be back.I was really looking forward to trying this restaurant, especially for restaurant week. I literally jumped off a plane from traveling for work to get to my reservation because I didn't want to miss out on the last day of restaurant week. First impression, the place is adorable. I loved the decor and the layout of the restaurant. The music and ambience was great, so we were super excited to eat. Once being seated, we were super disappointed to find that the restaurant week menu was ONLY available if the entire table agreed to participate(there were 4 of us) and that all 4 of us had to agree on the food. No where was this noted on the restaurant week site. I felt embarrassed that I hyped this up so much for my friends to find out we all couldn't get what we wished.  This would be extra hard if anyone had dietary restrictions or if someone didn't eat meat. We ended up foregoing the RW menu and just ordered a variety of things. If I knew we would end up doing this, definitely would not have rushed off a plane, exhausted, for a 10pm res. Just to give you an idea of what we ordered: meatballs, bracciole, Long hots, boar pasta, gnocchi, chicken marsala, flounder and crab pasta. We started with the meatballs, which we all enjoyed. And the Caesar salad was fairly good. But everything after that was downhill. Not one thing we ordered wow-ed us. The bracciole was the worst I've ever had. Then there was the crab spaghetti. I honestly don't even know how this is on the menu. It literally had NO taste. We actually asked the waiter if the chef had forgot the seasonings. Everything else was average or below average. When told the waiter how disappointed we were in the bracciole and crab pasta he thanked us for our honesty, but did not offer anything to make up for it. Yes, it was mostly eaten, but between 4 people we all wanted to taste. Especially because we were so amazed at how bad it was. All in all, a beautiful place with below average food. I am a huge fan of Double Knot and Sampan and this does not live up to the reputation.Fantastic service. Excellent food. Meatballs and mussels were incredible. One of the best restaurants in Philadelphia.Waiting to be seated took 20 min after checking in. No apologies given. Also taking wrong order by the waitress brought the restaurant manager and gave us the question  "what do you want from us?"   What is this? Is this a proper reaction to the customer when they took the wrong order and gave the wrong bill? The food was not impressive. The interior was good and we wanted to explore 2 month old newly open restaurant but we don't want to come again.Went with a girl friend for drinks and dinner. A lot more intimate of a setting than for a casual catch up with friends but food was absolutely delicious. Huge portions and decent prices. Ambiance was so edgy and unlike anything I've been in, would recommendJust had dinner at Giuseppe & Sons and it was amazing. Our server, Bennett, was wonderfully attentive and charming. You could tell he genuinely cared about our experience. The price point vs the portion sizes were more than generous and made for great sharing. While this has all the tastes of south Philly, the ambiance is something above and beyond. There is something to be said about a restaurant at that places tables at an appropriate distance so you don't feel like you are on top of each other and where you can have a conversation without shouting. Plus Termini's cannolis. So excited to go back!I have visited Giuseppe & Sons twice now - both times sitting at the bar to have a drink and a bite with friends. The bartenders were friendly and made me some very tasty cocktails (and I am a P.I.T.A when it comes to my cocktails). I got the meatballs and the artichokes both times and they were very yummy. In fact, I keep bringing up their meatballs in conversations because they were so good.
The ambiance is impressive. I brought my brother and his wife (from San Antonio) and they "ooh"ed and "aahh"ed as we went down the stairs, around the corner and down the narrow hallway to the "James Bond-esque" dining room and even thanked me for taking them somewhere so cool. They're excited to tell people about the experience and get to be the ones to introduce it to their friends who haven't been.
I will say that both times, walking in to the empty ground floor space felt odd and made us question if they were open. Perhaps there is something that can be done here to comfort restaurant goers a little bit more as they enter the empty, dimly lit, vast dining space to reassure them that they are, in fact, in the right place.
Get the meatballs. Buon appetito!Absolutely amazing! Loved the atmosphere. Server recommended the pork chop and it was amazing! A little dark inside so keep your phone handy when you need to read the menu :)Worth a trip for the atmosphere alone - as for the food: 
White Clams: garlic and parsley - 8/10
Buffalo Mozzarella: olive oil, rosemary, crostata - 8/10
Giuseppe Salad: jardineria, gem lettuce, soppressata - 8/10
Crabs & Spaghetti: blue crab, parsley, san marzano tomato - 7/10
Vitello Milanese: tomato, basil, red onion - 9/10
Sweetbreads Marsala: wild mushroom, thyme, parsley - 6/10
Broccoli Rabe: garlic, olive oil, lemon - 7/10
Cannoli - 8/10It is a beautiful restaurant with decent food and pretty solid drinks. The service is subpar. I'd recommend sitting at the bar before sitting at a table. What is with the headsets???Great spot for drinks- I enjoyed the appetizers as well. Would love to dine there for dinner. Was very pleased and nice location to the train if you live in the suburbs.I have dined here twice and both times it was lovely! When you walk downstairs you are instantly impressed with the space - it's beautiful! And spacious, which we really appreciate! (You're not cramped nor do you feel like everyone can hear your conversation). Ambiance: 100% 
We did the tasting menu - everything was delicious and I honestly thought it was well priced - it was A LOT of food for $40. I liked the "family style." I normally do not choose Italian because I just think of pasta, but there were a lot of other wonderful dishes to enjoy. Every dish was unique and delicious!  
The waiters were informative and responsive - just the right amount of attention. The manager came and checked on us on both occasions which I appreciate. Overall, I love this place. It's a great spot for visiting friends and family.Having read the mixed reviews but also being curious to find a quick hit Italian place within walking distance of my office, I decided to give it a try after the Phillies Home Opener and no bar spots at Oyster House. We (4 of us)were quickly seated upstairs and given menus and then ignored for a while. The restaurant was only modestly busy, and so the wait was unexpected.  Once our waitress took our orders she told us that our food would come out as prepared.  Okay, I get that.  But what followed was just unorganized and lacking sense.  After waiting a good 10 minutes for our carafe of white wine to come out.  We immediately sent it back.  It was room temperature.  We were thirsty and water was slow coming.  They took it back for "chilling".  Immediately there after my two friends got their pasta dishes and salads. We said dig in while it's hot.  Good thing we did, because me and my other dining partner didn't get any food for at least 15 minutes.  First my slice of pizza, which was the last dried out corner piece of margherita showed up. Heated to a crisp. My friends loved their spaghetti and clams and penne ala vodka and so did I, because I was still waiting for my simple house salad and #4 was waiting for an assortment of the apertivos included the delicious roasted peppers and long hots.  He asked for bread and butter.  He was getting really hungry.  I offered him my dried out slice of pizza, but he declined. Eventually, right about when the ladies were done their pasta, a good 15 minutes after my pizza puck arrived his non-cooked ( except for the grilled asparagus arrived) and my house salad. We may as well have sat at a separate table.  Our waitress seemed a bit engaged but not really concerned and when asked about that bread to go with the very tasty peppers that rank up there with my Italian grandmother's, she said it's taking long because we have to go downstairs to get it.  In the 30 minutes since we requested it, I could've walked to Sarcones and back for bread (except they are closed at 7:45 pm).  The manager seemed busy, talking to the open kitchen while those of us in the room just hoped for water refills and maybe getting the room temperature wine back in our possession. Eventually our eye rolls, waiving and asking for butter (downstairs again) and general annoyed body postures were observed.  Listen, I don't butter my Italian bread either, but he was not asking for ketchup for his pasta, so just bring it, please don't make us ask 5 times.  As the restaurant nearly emptied (it was never that busy) we were offered up desert menus.  We all declined because, well three of us were hoping to get out of there to catch a train in the next 45 minutes, based on the pacing thus far, that was questionable.  I think at some point the server maybe figured out that we were all pissed and annoyed and didn't enjoy the experience, even though the food was great, except for my pizza disaster, so she and her manager brought over two complimentary cannolis and thanked us for joining them and hoped we would return.  Was that cannoli delicious, just divine, second only to Isgro's. Do I enjoy eating my salad after dinner, actually yes, it's how my Italian family eats it, and the red wine vinaigrette was just like Grandmas.  But, with so many choices in this city for great, not expensive Italian food, served with a side of "hon", and love, chilled red wine served in a short water glass, and a nice little loaf of bread that is there to sop up the deliciousness, I can't see why going here will hit your happy spot. I know the background story, but I expect far better execution from a Schulson restaurant to deliver food that was mostly on target, except for that pizza.  A final note, in Center City it's important for diners to have a safe experience and to not have to be asked for money by a homeless person while dining inside an establishment.  The manager, while busy having his back turned to the room didn't  observe the man going table to table for more than five minutes   I have never experienced this inside a restaurant in the City in 30 years of living here. Attentive front of the house staff including bar staff would've addressed this immediately.I have been hearing good things about this place and am always on the hunt for new spots for lunch in town. Yesterday I finally got around to trying them for take-out. I decided to test the chicken cutlet sandwich. I am something of a chicken cutlet snob who had yet to find an adequate cutlet in center city since Salumeria closed. The place was crowded and my sandwich took a while to prepare. I must admit that I left the place slightly annoyed at the wait time. When I took the first bite of the sandwich, I went from slightly annoyed to planning my next visit before I had even swallowed. Finally someone knows how to make a decent cutlet again. I had to have more. I went back today for the same exact sandwich. Today the sandwich was ready super fast and it was just as delicious. This place has quickly made it to my short list of go-to lunch spots. I will be a repeat customer. If you are looking for a new place head there ASAP.My third and probably my last visit. As in the first two visits, service was less than stellar and spotty. Many of our dishes, from the fixed price selections, came out cold or incorrectly prepared. Speaking of cold, the place on all three visits is freezing. I mentioned this to my server and she agreed, saying even her hands were cold. Yes, the meatballs and gnocchi are great but some other dishes were a C.Went last Saturday night with another couple. (first time visit)
I noticed that there were several small tables, and we were initially seated at one. Thinking we might share some dishes, we requested a little bigger table and were given a corner booth that was perfect.
Server was very nice and seemed pretty informed on the menu. We ordered a bunch of apps and two salads to share, entrees and a bottle of wine.
Good thing we moved to a larger table, because believe it or not, they brought every single one of the apps, plus the salads, all at the same time! I guess I shouldn't be surprised, as it wasn't the first time this happened to me at a Schulson-owned restaurant.
While I'm on this topic, I want to mention that I spoke to the server about it (after the fact) and asked him to make sure that we had plenty of time before the entrees came. He apologized and said he would make sure of that. Really? Because before they took the plates away from the apps, the entrees showed up. I guess they are trying to turn the table quickly and make more $$, but they really made us feel like we were rushed, and definitely did not enjoy the meal as much as we would otherwise.
As for the food -- it was ok. Octopus, Clams Oregenata, Tomato pie and the house salad were all good. The spaghetti and clams were completely mediocre, veal parm was ok. The two other pasta dishes were a little better.
Desert -- had a cannoli and some biscotti. They were so covered in powdered sugar, it's hard to tell you how good they might have been otherwise.
One other interesting note.....when the sommelier brought the wine we ordered (and we ordered something a little off the norm -- Montefalco) he didn't have a clue about it. Said he was "new to this wine program". Aren't they supposed to be trained on the wine list before they work with customers? 
On a scale of 1 to 5, I'd give the food a 3,maybe a 3.5, but the service a 2. Not that it wasn't friendly, but they aren't Wal-Mart greeters making minimum wage -- they are reasonably well-paid servers!OK, where to start. How about the terrible Caesar salad that was really small and 80% croutons and 20% romaine lettuce. Then the meatballs... This should be an easy slam dunk for an Italian restaurant... nope. Lumpy average tasting meatballs and sauce that was super salty. Then the chicken parmigiana... My go to for how good an Italian restaurant is and how good its food will be. Probably one of the worst I have had; perhaps one step above Olive Garden. It was pounded to about 1/8 inch thick, super greasy, almost no sauce, and more greasy cheese on top; just bad. The service was good and the atmosphere and vibe were cool, but not good enough to make up for all the bad food. For that kind of money, there are SO many better Italian restaurants in Philadelphia... Dante and Luigi's is one of the best in the city. G&S definitely has a lot to work on regarding the food here. Was excited to dine here, but very disappointed.This place is awesome. Their atmosphere almost tipped the scales to 5 stars for me. The location is amazing and ambiance was perfect - we LOVED the food. They offer a wide variety of Italian dishes and we wanted to try them all so we got the tasting menu which was $45 per person. Definitely an awesome deal and we had to take some things home because we were incredibly stuffed. The meatballs and the wild boar bolognese which I highly recommend. The noodles were extremely thick and savory.I lovedddddd the dinner I had Giuseppe & Sons last night! The ambiance is gorgeous, unique relaxing vibes. Loved the speakeasy set up. We had artichoke hearts, Caesar salad, the spicy pasta (diablo), chicken Marsala, tiramisu for two, and a cannoli. Everything was delicious! Our waitress Lauren was excellent, everything came out perfectly and I didn't want to stop eating! Definitely can't wait to come back.The atmosphere is nice and the food was tasty. The unfortunate thing is that the apps and salads came out at the same time, and even though we asked for things to slow down and not come out all at once, the 1st and 2nd courses also came out together. The staff was anxious to clear the table - we had to also ask for that to slow down, which didn't happen either. So, not a place I'd rush back to.I would definitely come here again. I was shocked by how empty it was until I was escorted downstairs where the actual restaurant was. The bartender was very friendly and professional. The negroni tasted great. 
The portion size looked small at first, but it was actually very filling. The Wild Boar Bolognese was so delicious, I would definitely recommend. It wasn't salty nor bland. The house bread tastes great too. 
I loved the service here. My waitress was very friendly and didn't bother me too often. I was dining alone, which I rarely do but I happened to be in philly for a quick trip. 
A perfect date night would be dinner here then movies at the philly film center which is around the block.I gave  this restaurant a very good rating last year (we didn't eat dinner , we had drinks at the downstairs bar).  The bar is so cool and so we thought , let's try dinner.  
The atmosphere is really neat , the waitress was delightful and welcoming.   We ordered homemade  mozzarella, peppers in olive oil and fresh bread & prosciutto.... delicious!   
Now, our dinner orders.   Chicken parm, chicken piccata with side orders of pasta (olive
Oil & garlic).  Ugh,  dry dry dry.  Even the pasta!   
Disappointing for sure.  And then we found out that these people own Harp & Crown.  (The restaurant we went to last year after we had drinks here).  Harp & Crown has a cool vibe and the food was not good.  
So, how can these two cool places be so busy and have less than par food and still succeed?   I want them to succeed because they have the "vibe" right.  I hope my critique isn't too harsh,   But the food quality needs to be addressed.  
I say, go and see for yourself and let me know if I am right or wrong.My mom had wanted to come here since she'd heard about the venture and we finally made it in this weekend for dinner. The dining room is beautiful, it has a speakeasy meets trattoria vibe with concrete walls lined with photos, tufted sofas, small cabaret tables, and dim lighting. The lighting does make it a little difficult to read the menu, but it's nothing your phone flashlight can't fix.
We ordered meatballs and gravy, shrimp scampi, chicken piccata, and orecchiette with sausage. The meatballs were phenomenal. I'm incredibly picky about meatballs and I don't like most red sauces, but I ate the majority of the 3 large meatballs myself and sopped up the extra sauce with my bread. The scampi was good, our server said it was his favorite and my mother (a big scampi fan) enjoyed it. It was a little spicy with some breadcrumbs for crunch. My mother enjoyed her chicken piccata, I found my one bite of it overly salty (she thought it was just the capers). The orecchiette was deliciously garlicky, which was to my taste, though others might find it overwhelming. For dessert, she had the tiramisu and I had lemon pie, both were excellent.
Our server was on top of things all evening and he was training someone, so the people who mentioned having subpar service might be having their issues mitigated already. We also had two separate managers come over to check on us. I didn't catch the first's name, but Steve was super nice and I even saw him serving other tables a few times during the meal. I had no problem with paying the bill tableside, I've done it that way elsewhere and liked that you don't lose sight of your credit card. Overall, I'd come back for the meatballs any day and would love to try some of the other items.I have been looking forward to trying Giuseppe and Sons for a year now.  I would agree with the avg. score rating of 3.5 stars.  It was solidly good on all fronts.  Ambience, Food, Service, acceptable noise level.  But came up short on the food front.
We had:
- Burrata: served a bit too cold, and was not very flavorful
- Caesar salad: this was the best Caesar I've ever had. So 5 stars alone.
- Octopus grilled: probably the best grilled octopus I've eaten as well!
- Crab pasta: definitely a bit too sweet.  Some may like this.  We did not.
- Sweet breads: ok, not an aficionado of sweet breads, so full disclosure on that front. We were eating off the restaurant week menu, which gave us the opportunity to delve beyond our comfort zone.  Which is why those deals are so good for all.  I've only ever had sweetbreads prepared French fashion which were more crispy.  So, kind of a meh on the sweetbreads, but glad we tried them.
- Sauteed broccoli rabe with garlic.  Very good garlic and olive oil flavor but wayyyyy too salty.  Could happen to anyone and is easily fixed by the kitchen.
Service was stellar.  Definitely up to NYC and San Francisco waitstaff standards.  The 'don't call him the Sommelier' considered our multiple culinary choices and offered a nice northern Italian wine to pair with our full menu choices.  We gave him a ceiling of $90, and he came in at $85. 
 It was a bit sweet, but definitely opened up throughout the course of the meal.  
I guess my biggest beef is their use of bathroom attendants and the expectation that I will tip them. I have always found this to be pretentious at a minimum and definitely off putting.  I'm embarrassed for some guy hanging out in the bathroom peddling unneeded stuff such as mouthwash, mints, etc. and turning the water on, and handing me a towel, etc.  I'll accept the argument that if that is his choice on how to make a living so be it, and leave it at that.  But wanted to log my impressions for management.
I would definitely go back.  The bar scene is lively even if the martini's are shy of a 2 oz pour.Enjoyed dinner at Giuseppe & Sons last night for a romantic Christmas eve dinner with my boyfriend. The service was good, but did not quite match the fine dining atmosphere. People seemed unsure of when to clear plates or bring new ones. All of our appetizers were on the table at once, which lead to a very cramped eating space. 
For appetizers, we ordered the house salad, the stuffed artichokes, and the buffalo mozzarella. The salad was delicious as was the mozzarella. I would not order the stuffed artichokes again. They seemed over cooked and were not very flavorful. 
For entrees, we got the gnocchi and the chicken parmesan. Both were good. The gravy was flavorful.
Overall, we enjoyed dinner and loved the atmosphere of the restaurant. With a few tweaks to service and food, this could be a 5-star experience.FINALLY I was able to come here with my boyfriend for dinner! I had a gift card to use for any of the Schulson restaurants and this is the only one I hadn't been to yet (I'm a huge fan of H&C, Sampan, and Double Knot). I decided to get the best bang for my buck and go for restaurant week last night....
The upstairs is a really cool happy hour vibe with nice bar and some small tables.. I had NO idea that the downstairs even existed. We walked down and were blown away at the size of the dining area.. its huge down there! Veryyy nicely decorated and nice spaced out tables. We were seated and greeted by an extremely friendly, energetic waitress (I wish I remembered her name). She explained the RW menu to us and gave us some recommendations on her fave dishes.
They give you a delicious bread basket along with green olives and hard parmesean cheese to start. We opted to have the clams in white and shrimp scampi as our appetizers. I think the shrimp scampi was the best thing we had all night, seriously.
For pastas we had the ricotta tortelloni (AMAZING) and the rigatoni in vodka sauce (also super good). For our main we had the veal marsala and broccoli rabe (both cooked perfectly). I'm serious when I say every bite was delicious. They gave us each a complimentary tiramisu for dessert. Best part: $35 a person!!!! Definitely recommend coming here for restaurant week... we left sooooo full. With my gift card it was seriously a steal of a dinner.
COME HERE if you want a nice upscale dining experience. I honestly feel like it was an experience. Only con was service was a bit on the slow side, but that's to be expected for RW. The service when we recieved it though was top notch. Awesome wait staff and management. Can't wait to bring my parents here next time they come into town. I will probably return for some cocktails soon... awesome bar area on both floors.Starting off, I was very excited to try Guiseppe & Sons, until I did.  The dining area and ambiance is very nice.  The service was eh, I would expect better for the cost of the meal.  However, there might be some growing pains.    
My biggest problem with Guiseppe & Sons is the concept itself.  Walking into G&S I was excited about Schulson and Termini Bros teaming up together.  My table ordered the tasting menu.  This being an Italian restaurant that is trying to elevate South Philly Italian food I expected the portions to be similar to other South Philly institutions.  I was sadly mistaken.  Not that I expect a pound of pasta per person, but my entire table left hungry.  This is clearly missing the point of a TRUE Italian experience.  For example, I'm still waiting for the other half of my cannoli for dessert.  Our table actually laughed when the cannoli was brought out.  Of course the quality of the food was OK, but just OK.  There are at least 5 restaurants in South Philly that have better Italian food than G & S.  
I would not recommend Guiseppe & Sons to someone who was looking for a "good" Italian restaurant in Philly, let alone a great Italian restaurant.  After experiencing the concept, it feels pretentious.  Somewhere traveling up Broad St. from South Philly the true experience of an Italian meal was lost.  My recommendation is stick to South Philly and the old Italian institutions, they have been around for this long for a reason.Great service and atmosphere. They have a full bar. Our waiter was very knowledgeable. The menu is odd because everything is a la cart but some things are a sharable size and others aren't so you are very dependent on the waiter. Maybe add a serving number next to each item? The table-side mozzarella is must have but pricey. I got the Sunday Gravy and its a meat lovers dream. The chicken parm was ok. The chicken picatta was tasty. The crab and spaghetti was also delicious and full of flavor.I went here for dinner with my family and we all had excellent meals. Originally, our table was in a louder room, and we asked to be moved. The staff was very helpful and understanding in moving us to a quieter area. I ordered the arancini as an appetizer and it was delicious and well presented. I also ordered the linguine and clams in white wine sauce as an entree and it was very good as well. The rest of my family also very much enjoyed their meals. For dessert, I ordered the cheesecake. It was by far the best cheesecake I have ever eaten. We will definitely be back soon!My cousins and I came here for dinner since none of us had been to this newer restaurant. With the so-so reviews, I was a little hesitant but it definitely exceeded my low expectations. On a warm 70-degree Friday in early March, there was loads of traffic coming into the city. The restaurant was very accommodating with our reservation as we were about 15 minutes late. When we arrived, we were promptly seated. 
Throughout the night, our server was also so helpful and accommodating. My cousin's boyfriend is a vegetarian and there's not much on the menu without meat, so the server was proactive about asking the kitchen for modifications. 
We started with the meatballs and gravy, braised octopus, and arancini for the vegetarian. Since I don't eat octopus, I was only able to try the meatballs, which were delicious. It's a MUST to save some of the warm crusty bread for the gravy! We also got two salads: the Giuseppe and Caesar. I was not expecting the garden vegetable in the former salad to be pickled, but I loved it. Our server thoughtfully brought the salami out in a dish on the side. 
For pasta, we got the bolognese with mafaldine pasta. I love this shape and the sauce was nice and hearty. The best one for crusty bread dipping. Then we got the gnocchi (vegetarian as-is) and orechiette with sausage on the side. Finally, we got the veal cheek saltimbocca. While the flavors were good and the meat was tender, the veal was a little on the dry side. 
Originally, we thought about doing the $45 tasting menu. But with a vegetarian, we weren't able to separate a different menu for him. Needless to say, with the options we did pick, we were all stuffed. That's why we skipped on dessert, but next time I'll definitely be getting a Termini cannoli. 
With two carafes of the house wine and very full stomachs, we were shocked that the bill came out to less than $50 per person with tip and tax included. That was really the icing on the cake for a wonderful family dinner! It definitely makes me excited to return.Insanely good. Mind blowingly good. 
I don't want to over hype this place so you go and are disappointed... but I really don't know how that could happen. 
My dad is an Italian chef by profession so I feel like I have a prettttty good idea of this cuisine and this place is OUT OF THIS WORLD. 
Like no surprise given who runs it, but seriously go here. My family went and we all did the chefs tasting. You can choose what you want for this but we let the chefs surprise us and every course was delicious. 
*also it's very decently priced for the superb food you are getting. 
I will be back here and again and you need to go.This is a great Italian restaurant that me and my girlfriend tried for date night. The atmosphere and service is the best in the city. Top notch. We went on restaurant week and for $35 each did apps salad entrees and cannolis for dessert.  The only thing they messed up was I asked for a captain and sprite but I was given sailor jerry which I don't like and when I saw the check I knew that's why my drink tasted off. They should ask before subbing another rum especially when it's a $20 drink.I loved this place ! The service was great and the food was amazing. I can be very picky and I will definitely be back again soon!Awesome setting for a romantic dinner with your love one! Family style is always the way to go! HOWEVER, we attended the restaurant during Restaurant Week and the food was just okay. And for a representation of everything on the menu you would think the food would be excellent and would bring you back.. but it was sorely lacking in taste and presentation.
Highlights: Eggplant Parm, and Tomato PieReally good first experience. We went for dinner a few days before Xmas for our anniversary.
When I gave the name for our reservation, the girl at the desk was already distracted by another employee and I thought, uh-oh, it's going to be like some of the sketchier reviews. It wasn't though. Everything went well. She apologized and someone took us downstairs to a beautiful hall. 
Top notch friendly service from waiter Travis.
I ordered a drink that wasn't on the menu and although he hadn't heard of it, the bartender made it and it was tasty. 
We ordered artichokes and a side of long hots (caution: hot!!) to start and some entrees to share: the vitello (veal) parmigiana and oriecchiette (little ear-shaped pasta) with sausage. All very good.
I know one of the reviewers here said that it was "obnoxious" that all his food came at once. All I know is, everyone in this place was working hard, really hustling, as it was busy. Our dishes came out rapidly, but it was a small table, so we got the entrees after one appetizer was cleared.
A well-dressed man with a headset (maybe one of the sons?) came to check on us, and I feel bad that I probably had my involuntarily crazy eyes on, as he said, "I'm so sorry to interrupt." Ignore my crazy eyes, buddy. The food is delicious! 
For dessert, a rum baba, a rum-soaked cake. Fantastic.
And an espresso. They remembered it was our anniversary and brought the cake with a sparkler. Nice touch. So many places ask, "Are you celebrating anything?" but then you never hear about it again. :-)
My wife said, "Everything was perfect." You can't beat that. I just wish she wouldn't say "This has no flavor" when I cook.
The prices were very good. I'm used to paying a lot more on our anniversary, so maybe I should have added the meatballs that everyone seems to like. Can't wait to come back and try them along with some seafood dishes.
My favorite Italian food is still served at Amis, but that is also another price level. 
Smooth service, wonderful atmosphere, not too loud, great food. A great new addition to Sansom Street.
Thanks for reading.decided to give this place another chance(even though my dinner experience was 3/5) for lunch! i heard they had sandwiches and pizzas so came with my co workers to try it out
the pizza was weird... 
the margherita was way too thin, the pizza was collapsing on itself and there was barely any seasoning. 
the mushroom pizza i expected to be a creamy mushroom pizza with cheese instead was dough with a mushroom and arugula salad on top.
the 4 cheese pizza was the only one that was decent but the dough used on all of these pizzas was very grainey
the chicken parm sandwich was also weird...
not enough cheese, not enough flavor and the chicken was very chewy.
all in all, giuseppe's has yet to impress me. i'll be waitingIt's the wife's birthday and I said pick wherever you wanted to go. 
So she picks Giuseppe's & Sons. A very nice newer restaurant in downtown Philly. 
The upstairs entry is like a luncheonette. But downstairs is something else! Very dimly lit, super nice romantic much larger space than the upstairs. beautiful rooms abound.
My wife got the gnocchi. I tried a piece and it was fantastic, and I'm not a pasta guy. We split the tomato bread and that was served warm. Excellent flavor and wonderful bread. Only complaint, not enough of it. 
I got the chicken parm. I been perusing through many pictures of their food for weeks and weeks and it was otherworldly. The pictures don't do it justice. Impeccably tender, beautifully breaded. The sauce should be used as a friggin beverage it was so perfect. The cheese was fantastic. Brown and stringy. I have never had a better piece of chicken parm anywhere. Wish I ordered two pieces. It just ruined every fucking chicken parm from here forth. 
I will definitely be back to lunch in the upstairs. They have sandwiches and other items that sounded good.
Nothing but a fantastic spot, highly recommend it.First time but definitely not our last! Great atmosphere, fabulous food, knowledgeable waiter. Ralph was our waiter who made wonderful recommendations - we loved everything. 
If you're in the area - or even if not - please try Giuseppe & Sons on Samson. I can't wait to return!LAUREN WAS AMAZING!
After a failed first attempt at Restaurant Week, we called an audible and went to G&S. The RW selection is basically a selection of the entire menu at a discounted rate. Lauren had a busy section even at 9:30pm but still provided fantastic service, was detailed, and attentive. She really helped bring the experience full circle. 
Looking forward to coming back again.New Year's Eve and we just came home from dinner at Giuseppe & Sons.  Strange that even though they have an elevator, they do not tell you. We were surprised at the arrangement of the restaurant.  The center section is brightly lite, while the surrounding tables are way too dark. Even waiters were having trouble reading checks, etc. So if you are in the dark section looking at the half wall that separates you from the well lite center, you kind of feel left out.
I ordered the artichoke appetizer and enjoyed it. My husband had the shrimp scampi "our most popular dish".  The scampi did not have the usual dried pepper flakes, but Italian RED HOTS.  Somebody in the kitchen was out of control.  I have a zillion Scampi recipes, non are with red hots.  I like hot and spicy but could not eat it.  Sadly there are no soups on the menu.  That is very surprising for an Italian restaurant.
They serve a new soup every day at lunch but non at dinner.
My husband ordered the veal parmigiano. Pounded big, it was "Ok".
Our waiter explained that my crab and spaghetti would have a crab on top.  I thought that was strange, but OK.
I am very familiar with digging out crab meat from Blue Crabs, but this crab was covered with tomato gravy.  How do I handle this without getting full of sauce?????  Why would you pour gravy on top of an empty crab shell.  I put that bad boy aside and ate the crab a pasta.
I must remark that the pasta was el dante and that was a good thing.
I did not order dessert but my husband had a cannoli that was delicious, but it wasn't made at Giuseppi's .   It was a termani's cannoli. His cappucino was half coffee and half foam.
How is it that a customer can spot bad design, and the experts who do this all of the time cannot.
Maybe they do it wrong all the time.  Very disappointed.Love the decor and ambiance here. Service was efficient. Food is like you stepped into your Nonna's kitchen. Meatballs, tomato pie and definitely get the CHICKEN PARM! Can't wait to go back for lunch upstairs!Over involved staff and underinvolved preparation. I am always skeptical when they tell me dishes will come out "as they are ready" to ensure that they are super fresh. No, what you're saying is that the kitchen doesn't know how to pace the meal and so you, the client, will eat whatever is put in front of you no matter its logical sequence. 
Sure enough, we had our appetizer in about 5 minutes and our entrees about 5 minutes after that (with appetizer still happily sitting in front of us). 
Then, the various staff took turns interrupting our conversation to see if they could clear our plates! They wanted us out in about 35 minutes. Literally, servers we never saw before would swing by and try to clear the plates. It's like they were keebler elves ready to swoop in. 
The effect? A rushed, impatient, (although pleasantly quiet!) experience with average execution on the food. Was it bad? No, not bad at all....just not memorable or noteworthy.Checked out Giuseppe and Sons for lunch today. Not too crowded on a Tuesday around 1pm. Actually saw Mark Vetri there buying some cannolis. 
The space itself is really nice. Very cute, spacious, with lots of seating. 
The menu features about ten sandwiches, two salads (garden or caesar) and a soup of the day (today was lentil). Prices are reasonable for center city. About $7-9 for most sandwiches. 
I got the meatball and escarole and my friends got the eggplant parmesan. Both sandwiches were tasty and filling, but we all agreed they could use more marinara sauce. But we just asked staff for some on the side and they were quick to accommodate. The meatball was definitely solid but I think I would try something different next time. Maybe the tuna or Italian. The bread was just so so, and I actually noticed another patron just eat the inside and he said he hated the bread! I wouldn't go that far but there you go. 
The desserts all looked beautiful. I watched one employee fill cannoli shells from a huge pouch hung from the ceiling. Truly artistic. I ended up getting the pecan bar which was aptly described as a pecan pie candy bar. Really rich and decadent but tasty. Would get again. 
Finally we got a half carafe of house white for $18 which is on tap and has a little fizz to try. About enough for a hefty glass for threw people. The tap poured very slowly and we ended up having to wait about ten minutes despite the restaurant being nearly empty. Staff was very nice about it but I was hoping for a free cannoli or something for my trouble. Hehe. 
Overall I thought it was a neat new place and I would return again. The service and atmosphere was excellent and the food was not bad for price.Think old-school speakeasy with Italian flare. At first glance, Giuseppe & Sons seems like a standard deli, but with a bar. However, you must trek downstairs for the full experience. 
My friend and I sat at the bar, which is the first thing you see once you enter the downstairs area. Don't be fooled - the space goes on for what seems like miles. There is plenty of seating, but people were still waiting for tables. The cocktail list is classic and the food is the typical things you'd expect at an Italian place. I had the chicken piccata and it was very tasty. 
The place is rather dark and many people had to shine their phone flashlights in order to read the menu. Perhaps a bit more light wouldn't hurt anyone. I'd come back for a date night with my other half for sure.We had Christmas Eve dinner in the sexy, swanky downstairs restaurant. Food was amazing -- one of our best meals ever, anywhere. Service & somm (Aislinn, Steve, Jordan) were true pros, and Michael the bartender was entertaining and welcoming. We'll be back again and again!I think the food was good, certain dishes stood out more fab others. The insalata Di mare was delicious, as well as the lobster diavolo and the chicken parmesan. It was a good amount of food, maybe too much for the size of the table but it was a great experience and I would go back again!TLDR: If you want food inspired by South Philly Italian, you should just go to South Philly. 
Went here for a date night with my girlfriend. I was really excited to try it out, as I'm a huge fan of other Schulson restaurants. The food and drinks are inspired by South Philly Italian, and they went as far as to name cocktails after South Philly locations.
We had reservations for dinner and we were seated in a corner sandwiched between two couples. It was close quarters, but not too bad. However, the seating itself was uncomfortable. The booth side seating was really low while the arm chair i sat in was too high. The food was mediocre at best. The ambiance was great, unsurprisingly. It had a speakeasy vibe, but it wasn't enough to entice us to go back. I'm glad we tried it but I was unimpressed.