Mmmm. Just had a really great lunch here. It's a perfect mix between a sit-down lunch and a food truck lunch. Quick, and seriously delicious, but you can also sit. Not cheap, though...but worth it. 
I had a spicy pork taco (2 minimum, so I shared) and seriously? I could have eaten 4 of them. The tortilla, which is clearly not exactly a tortilla, is almost sweet and it plays so well with the flavors of the spicy korean pork. And the sauce...that sauce is talk with your mouth full "dis is soo good" type of sauce. Going to get a bottle for home...
I also had the Dak Bulgogi (spicy chicken bulgogi) and it was also really good - but I did a lot of sauce dipping, making it even better. My rice was a little on the sticky side, but it was still a really solid lunch. My bf got the spciy pork rice dish in a stone bowl (lunch special 3) and it was also tasty. 
Service was fast, and good. I'm a fan.This place is very quick service and the owner and people working there are very accommodating. We ordered the vegetable steamed dumplings and they were good. It came with some edamame and some carrots which was a little strange. We also ordered the dol sot bibimbap, the soon duboo and the bulgogi. The food was pretty good, the meat could have been a little more flavored. I also wish they had spinach instead of romaine lettuce in the bibimbap. Overall, I'd go back. Not mind blowing, but does the job if you want some quick Korean.Pretty good dol sot bibimbap: piping hot (seriously steaming!), but the flavor was lacking something. Great kim chi and loved the pickled radish and cucumber. Overall, a little pricey for what you get, but good for a Korean-food craving!Kimchi Pancakes - good flavors,  a little soggy.
Beef Bibimbop in Sizzling Bowl - fresh ingredients yum!
Thanks Zagat!THIS PLACE SERVES OVERPRICED, BLAND, LESS-THAN-MEDIOCRE FOOD. UUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. Don't waste your money here.Giwa Taco. That's all that needs to be said.  Amazing.  Not very well air conditioned and simple small venue, but the price is extremely nice.  And the food is very good.Mmmbibimbop! Such simple food, but delicious. Lunch time drop by at this tiny place, got the bibimbop with tofu, friend got it without. A delight for lunch, not too slow (not too quick either, though). You may have a problem finding a seat, and your pocketbook will be a bit lighter (but your stomach will be heavier so it all balances out), but a good treat to forget about work for a while. It is definitely overpriced for what you get, so I won't be getting here too often, but I will return. If it was more reasonably priced, I'd give it 4 stars.I love this place! I think I must come here every week, maybe even twice a week sometimes.  The food is always fresh and flavorful; the staff is really nice; and the food is served quick.  
I like their Dak Bulgogi (spicy marinated chicken) and their buckwheat noodles (only available during the summer). Their new dish, Giwa Taco, is threatening to be a new fav!  
Most dishes are served with a little kimchee and pickled vegetables on the side.  Yum!Small portion size and skimpy on the meat on an almost $10 box. Can get much better at H mart. Taste was mediocre or average. I guess it's center city.I wanted to like this place, I really did. Since moving to Philly, I've missed good ol' Korean food.
This place reminded me of a restaurant near our dorms when I studied abroad in Seoul, so I had high hopes.
Unfortunately, the food kinda fell flat. Service was good and quick, but my dol sot bibimbap was pretty flavorless, even with the pepper sauce. I was expecting bulgogi for the meat, but it tasted like flavorless beef. My fiance's bulgogi was definitely better. I'll try that next time, if we return.Bleh, dent in my wallet...
Okay this place is decent, but i don't know I just can't fathom charging $10+ for takeout lunch when all of the neighboring Asian places are so cheap. I called ahead to place an order, but still had to wait 15-20 minutes after I got there to pick up. The place did not have much standing room, either! Also, not bitter or anything, but the other customers who had been waiting for a while were offered coke or something for the inconvenience, but I was just very quickly given my order. Their prices don't really represent what's listed online, and their lunch special sign is also confusing.
Anyway, my coworker and I had the vegetarian Giwa Signature Bibimpop (gourmet rice bowl) and the Soon Du Bu (spicy soft stew). Both were decent, but the Soon Du Bu was seriously lacking that special kick.
Credit card minimum is $15?! What?! Probably "normal" because they charge so much for their entrees, but as Aria S. always points out, this isn't even legal so they should probably reconsider this "rule."
I would like to come back and try the stone pot dishes, but maybe only if there's a special or Groupon or something.This place was amazing. Really cute intimate restaurant with great food. Wait staff was great and food was given to us quickly. The bulgogi was delicious and well complimented by the sides given with it.  They have a nice drink collection as well. This is a great lunch spot and I'm excited for their move to a larger location.  We even bought their sauce when leaving which is a great thing they offer.Finally find a sweet Korean restaurant near my work place! Hot stone bibimbob is always my favorite. Last time I visit I tried their beef ribs as well. It is good but not as amazing as Bimbimbob in my opinion. The only thing you need to remember is that the lunch time will get very crazy there. You literally could end up wait for 30 mins to get your meal around 12 ish. So get ready for that or go a bit early or later.I spent a few months in Seoul, South Korea a hundred years ago, and one of the first things I tried when I was there was Bibimbap. I really enjoyed it!
I walked past this place a few times and I decided to go in and see what was what. I got the Dol Sot Bibimbap w/ chicken and it was fantabulous! Spicy, delicious, and with everything sticking together and crackling it was to die for. Service was nice and friendly, and I didn't have to wait too long for my meal.
I will definitely be back to maybe try the Giwa Tacos.Really like their food.  Highly recommend their "specialty" which is the stone bowl.  Some of their other menu items are not as tasty, but still satisfying.  Went on Friday, for lunch.  Be PREPARED for a HEAVY lunch crowd.  Finding a seat can be very challenging because the restaurant is so small.  Still, the staff try to accommodate everyone who wants to eat in.Went here on a Saturday right after they opened at noon.  Which I found a little weird that they opened at noon? we originally tried to go at 11:45, cause its Saturday and im hungry! But oh well, walk around for 15 minutes and in we went at noon.
Ordered 1 Pork taco and 1 spicy chicken taco each.  We also split the Kimchi Pancake.
Kimchi Pancake was good.  I maybe wouldn't get another one again, but only because I would need more room for the Tacos!
the Pork Taco and Spicy Chicken Taco all consisted of the same filling. tortilla, cheddar cheese, sour cream, onion, cilantro, lime juice, rice and iceberg lettuce.
The Pork Taco was a bit too sweet, but it was quite tasty.  Maybe an extra squeeze of lime would freshen it up.
The Spicy Chicken was my favorite taco.  I usually enjoy really spicy food, so if this was supposed to be spicy, I didn't feel any heat.  Next time a little extra sour cream.
Will definitely be coming back!When your hot stone bowl cools down from the constant stirring of the food as it continues to cook creates an experience that is unlike any other.  
The Dol Sot hot stone bowl for lunch with the pork is just a small slice of heaven.  Their in house hot sauce isn't terribly spicy but it is more of a sweet chili that when mixed into the stone bowl creates an amazing depth of flavor.
The side pickled items traditional to korean food are always a pleasant treat and their red kimchi is the best kimchi hints of salty and savory all wrapped up in a cold cabbage, delicious.Nice place to have simple and well westernized korean food. The owner has passion to introduce korean food to us market.The Beef dol sot bibimbop is AWSOME SAUCE!  So is the red pepper sauce...mmmmm!  I never eat spicy food, but I tried the sauce and really love it.
Not great for take-out, lately the meat has been VERY FATTY.  Please get it together or you will be missed. I miss you already.I walk by this place every day and never give it a chance but i am soooo glad that I did today! I'm not really sure what I had because I told the girl I would have her favorite vegetarian dish (only my second experience with Korean food, so I assumed she'd be the best person to suggest something). My lunch was served in this sizzling hot bowl that continued to heat the food while I ate. 
Service was fantastic, reasonable price for a big lunch and even though I finished everything I didn't feel gross! I walked away feeling healthy and light. 
I will be back ferrr sure!this is a review for just their food, since i didn't actually dine there, i can't say anything about service and ambiance. maybe next time i'll dine there and i can update my review. 
well...i miss having a variety of options for korean food since moving to philly. i've pretty much bookmarked every korean restaurant near by and it isn't very much. so this place is near work, and i've been wanting to try it for awhile now. a coworker was gonna go for lunch so i asked her to bring me back something too. their website via yelp wasn't working so i told her to just get me a bibimbap. basic and simple. when she got there, she asked me what kind of meat i wanted. they had the standards...beef, chicken, tofu, vegetarian...i opted for the beef. she came back and i was surprised at the portions! huge. they definitely aren't stingy with their portions, even giving us a few different banchans. i know some places just give out kimchi and that's it. 
anyways, the bibimbap was delicious. i will def be trying them again for the stonepot bibimbaps and tofu soups. woot woot!Me & my sister decided to give Giwa another chance, to redeem themselves from our awful last visit. This time was much better! We shared the spicy pork Korean tacos, the Giwa bibimbop & a kimchi jjigae. 
The Korean tacos were tasty, with rice, veggies, spicy pork & spicy sauce. I wasn't a fan of the rice in the tacos, since the only Korean tacos that I've had were from Ladder 15 (amazing!) which basically consisted of taco, kimchi, beef & sauce & Very messy to eat but in a good way.
The bibimbop was tasty, but you can tell that the sauce has been dulled down to suit American tastes. The kimchi jjigae was dulled down also. Maybe next time I should ask them to make the food spicier. On another note it was nice how I was greeted in Korean once I walked into the restaurant. I guess they just knew that I was Korean? Service was much better than last time also. Glad I gave Giwa another chance.
But seriously, almost $12 for a bibimbop? Probably cheaper to make it yourself.My brother is bringing his new girlfriend, who is Korean to visit from Christmas and since I am not familiar with Korean food, I thought I'd get acquainted before she comes! I got the recommendation from a coworker about this place and I read it had good reviews.
First impression - AWESOME! What a cool place! The interior was simple, clean and classy for a small hole in the wall. The kitchen is, well, right there so you can watch them cook, it is amazing. They cook everything in stone bowls over a huge flame and they use pliers to move the bowls from the burner to the wooden serving tray. You actually eat out of the stone bowls it is cooked in. Talk about fresh.
I went in at 11:50 and not joking, the place was packed by noon. I took a phone call outside while I was waiting and when I came back in, I had to shimmy to the counter to grab my to-go order. A busy place is a always a good sign.
The food is delicious! Not to sound like a broken record, but it is fresh, fresh, fresh! I got the Dot Sol Bibimbob with tofu because a lot of yelpers suggested it and I was going into this experience blindly. The rice is sticky and crispy which adds wonderful texture, the vegetables are delicious - red peppers, cabbage, carrots, sprouts, mushrooms, baby corn. I like that it's hot but not super hot, like make my eyes water hot, which I was afraid of. I'm trying really hard not to eat it all so I can save some for later, but that might not happen.
I give Giwa 4 stars instead of 5 because I don't think their lunch special was much of a special. With most places, there is a set lunch menu with the same price for all, but here that was not the case. The Dot Sol Bibimbob was $10.95 and came with rice and two sides. Well, it seems like the rice is a staple in the dish because without it, it would just be vegetables and tofu. Secondly, I think there was a miscommunication about the sides because I got two of the same thing and the "side" is a to-go ramekin size. So as far as a "special" goes, it's not that special. And although they take cards, I think there is a minimum (but I didn't see it anywhere), because when I gave her my card, she asked "do you have any cash?" Which I didn't, but she rang it anyway...so I'll bring cash next time, I guess.
Oh and I did eat it all by the end of this review. I'll definitely be bringing my brother's girlfriend here :)this place isn't bad...but i will agree that their food does lack some flavour... their presentation is wonderful though, i loved how the tofu and shredded seaweed are stacked perfectly upon my bibimbap.  unfortunately i don't like that they add radicchio to their bibimbap, it's too bitter and i always have to pick it out.  plus, i feel that their appetizers are way overpriced. 
on the plus side, they will give you a hefty amount of pepper paste if you ask (those two little default squirts simply aren't enough for me), they actually heat their dolsot hot enough so you get the brown crispy rice (which i love and don't get enough of thanks to modern rice cookers!) and they label their veg*n friendly items.I have been there a few times for lunch. It gets packed really fast between 12-1pm. The food is okay for what it is. I typically get the hot beef bibimbap or the Bulgogi. It's pretty pricey for lunch. But the quality is pretty consistent and they give you a good amount of food. 
I do want to try out their rice cake and ramen combo next time and remember to take advantage of their complimentary water instead of buying an extra drink.Honestly, this was probably the best dolsot bibimbap I've ever had anywhere. The dolsot was hotter than hell as it should be, making the desired rice burning easy. Toppings and meat were fresh. Crispy crunchy spicy salty sweet healthy goodness. I think the kimchi was even good. Staff was friendly and quick. Awesome little place.If you want the best Dol sot bi bim bap in Philly, you have to come here. No one else makes it as good as Giwa, served in a sizzling bowl and topped with wonderfully fresh vegetables and perfectly cooked meat (or tofu). Could I just have a little more of that hot sauce, please? The soft tofu stew is also good, but honestly I prefer Miran's version of that dish - plus Giwa typically only gives you 1 or 2 banchan with your meal. Given that they're pretty pricey (seems to typically cost $15 or so per meal if you get a soda or other drink), you think they could offer you a few more with the meal.
Seating is tight and this place gets packed at lunch hour, so go early or late if you want to relax while eating in.The tofu soup was bland and oily. The bulgogi was way too sweet. And the "sides" or what I assume was suppose to be banchan was either way too sweet like the bulgogi or just cut up vegetables. I'm love Korean food, and this place made me sad, but maybe I just got them on a bad day.Eat here at least once a week and love their Spicy Pork Bulgogi or Beef Bulgogi. Sad that they'll be closed for a month or two as they re-locate a block away, but glad that they are staying and will continue to make delicious food!Just so so. Sadly the only real selection for Korean in center city. The usual selection of dishes and decent quality.Love this little place.  Staff are friendly and attentive.  The place is clean and well maintained.  I am now addicted to kim chi because of them!  I usually get the Bi Bim Bop or the Bulgogi.  They also give you these tasty little side dishes with every meal that usually vary from day to day.  Sometimes I stop here on my way home and takeout.  Wish they delivered!Almost a 3.5'er, minus a star because of the prices that keep going up here. Good lord, lunch for two plus bevvies = $26!  And that includes no table service and I have to clear my own tray? That seems a bit steep to me - especially when I have to do clean-up duty.
I'm strictly a lunch girl for this place - and I return despite the hefty lunch price tag because it was Giwa, after all, who first introduced me to the sizzling bibimbop and spicy kimchi.   In the years since, it has been consistent in its execution and big portions and they always have the most fresh ingredients.  If you like-it-a-spicy, be sure to tell them - the fire factor on the sauce of a scale of 10 is about a 3.  Bonus: you can substitute multi-grain rice with any order.
Tiny space, tiny place, tiny kitchen.  They don't offer ice with the sodas. They pack it in at lunch - tight seating at the counters and no more than about 8, 2-seater tables, so be prepared to show early or to get it to go.I have been here three times now, and each time I walk away simply delighted! I had the dolsot bibimbop the first time I visited, and it was wonderful. The only criticism I have is that they don't give you a fresh egg to cook with the stone bowl. Instead they serve a julliene egg that has already been cooked. But that is a minor detail.
Recently I had their Signature Bibimbop with Shrimp, and it is so good! I love that they don't serve it over the rice, so that you have the choice of eating only half the cup of rice and tossing the rest. ( Or giving it to a friend). Its a healthy, filling meal. 
I agree with Catherine L. though, the prices are getting absurd. I will soon have to find another alternative....yet this one is so close I don't want to!!! Also, I agree with the comment about the sauce...if you like it hot ask for more!!!!Small, intimate, and delicious. They have something for every palate.
I went with the Bibimbap and a can of green tea. Bibimbap is served cold (traditionally, though there is a hot style available!) and you get a side of kimchee with it. Eat everything and leave full or eat half and leave with a snack. Or get it to go in the first place, because like I said, the place is small.First time at Giwa and would say it's average in service and in food. 
It's nice that they have screens you can use to order from but I ordered from a person since I had never been and she wasn't very helpful and seemed confused by a lot of my requests (subbing bean sprouts for rice, not getting spicy sauce).
The portions are good but for $15 I would've expected to take home leftovers. The menu is a little confused so I'd be sure to research a bit before you show up.
A few additional notes from my coworkers were:
- getting a hot bowl to dine in was hard to eat quickly because it's designed to keep the food warm but keeps it TOO hot.
- order extra sauce bc they go pretty light even if you order regular 
Overall liked what I got but wouldn't go back unless with someone who specifically wanted to.The dol-sot (hot stone bowl) bibimbop is basically the only dish I get here; over and over again.  I normally like to experiment, but this dish is just that good.  You need to patient with this dish to both let the rice crisp appropriately and avoid burning your tongue/mouth on the hot stuff.  The regular bibimbop is quite tasty, as well; I got to try it doing take-out.  The place is small and often packed, so I wouldn't recommend it for large groups.  The staff is friendly, but you bus your own table.giwa is just ok. their tacos are good, but mainly becaus theyre the only ones making korean tacos. their "famous" hot sauce tastes like red pepper paste and vinegar..nothing special about it..Small place with only 7-8 tables and two countertops with stools. However, there was no shortage of enthusiastic diners on this Friday night. The number of diners clearly outstripped the seating availability. There was a group of maybe six people seated around a two-person table. However, the general lack of availability of Korean cuisine in Center City makes this one of the few  options around.
I think the prices are a little high but as I mentioned, there aren't that many places around so I guess less competition and less incentive to lower prices. We got the seafood pancake, hot bimbimbop, and galbi.  Portion size was pretty decent but an overall theme I noticed was "burnt." The underside of the seafood pancake and the galbi were both a little burnt. I agree there's a fine line between slightly burnt and crisp but I think this was more on the burnt side.  Or maybe I just don't appreciate the taste of charcoal. I did appreciate that the hot bimbimbop's hot steel bowl was housed in a wooden stand so that you don't accidentally touch the bowl and singe yourself.   The two "sides" that came with the entrees are pretty unimpressive - a few cubes of what looked like turnip and a very, very small amount of kimchi.   It's a sad substitute for the half a dozen dishes of banchan that I'm used to in areas where there are a lot of Korean restaurants.
Service is self-serve. They call your number, you get the food, and you put your tray away in a shelf on the wall after eating. There are two jugs of water and you again self-serve.  You do have to sort of navigate between tables when the place is busy.
Overall, we had a good experience here - portion size was decent, flavor was pretty good.  The two sides are just "meh" and I feel like things are a little overpriced but again, not too many Korean places to pick from in Center City so this isn't a bad choice.  Just don't forget to make that reservation if you're coming with a big group.The bimbimbap was an enormous portion but a rather clumsy preparation with a huge unseasoned hunk of tofu on top. Even with the dipping sauce, flavors were one dimensional.  Dumplings were overcooked, while my companions' tacos were similarly o.k.
A better choice for the1600 block of Samson for quick lunch (from a different part of Asia) would be the Philadelphia Chutney Company.Came here Saturday night between 7-8 pm on a rainy day. They have multiple touch screen monitors where people select what they want . They call the order number when the food is ready. Came here with a group of 6 and everyone liked their food except for the dumplings.If you're based in Rittenhouse, have a huge craving for Korean and are looking for take-out, this place will work. Super small set-up made it feel awkward to sit in and eat. The "famous" Korean tacos were more like Mexican-style tacos with Korean meat versus the Korean taco truck-style I was expecting (def missing California at this point)...the sour cream and cheese is def not necessary and takes away from the meat. The duk bok gi was cooked really well, but the sauce was more sweet than spicy (versus Miga's, where it was fiery hot and yummy...yet $$). Soon du bu was ok, nothing special. All in all, it'll do in a pinch but will prob spend the few extra bucks and head to Miga if I'm in the area and desperate for Korean.The Korean Pork Tacos are insanely great, I love them.  You get 2 for about 7 bucks, they really are great, with a nice kick. The sauce the serve on the side is wonderful and will make you sweat.  I could eat these pork tacos literally everyday.Great lunch specials! I had kalbi one day and the spicy pork bulgogi a few days later. You pay at the counter, wait at a table, pick up your food, and bus it back. They sell cans of soda, tea, and aloe drink. Try the aloe with the spicy pork.Full disclosure:  My wife and I grew up eating Korean food.
I've gotten food from here twice.  The first time we dined in and had a couple of the stew and rice dishes.  Both were terribly underseasoned, overpriced, and the kimchee inedible.  
But it's hard to find good Korean in the city, and I wanted to give them another change so I picked up some dumplings, beef bulgogi, and yook gae jang.  Again, the food was not authentic Korean, not tasty, not cheap, and we will not be back.Hot lunch spot for a limited selection of Korean dishes. It's important to note that these few dishes are really simple, healthy, and tasty. I noticed that about 70% of the people eating there ordered the dol sot bibimbap that comes in a hot stone pot - seems to be their specialty here. I ordered the soft tofu soup and give it an average rating. Overall though, it's a nice, cheap, quick, friendly, and really clean/modern. If you need your bibimbap fix, this is the place to go.I stopped by Giwa for lunch and got their signature cold bimbimbap. Perhaps it was the overly glossy sheen inside and out, but I was expecting something a little more than just high prices (most lunch specials were approximately $10 with their regular equivalents pushing $15). Yes, the portions were large but they weren't epic in terms of scope or ingredients. Even though it was crowded, the food came out a little faster than I expected. One nice thing about the experience was that even though I was getting takeout, the kim chi was included. Asian selection is a little spotty west of Broad, so it might worth a look, but I don't think it'll be unseating Tampopo on my regular lunch rotation. Also, it might be useful to know that they accept credit cards but you have to break the bank and spend $15.As an Asian I would say this restaurant provides not authentic Korean food. And it's also overpriced.Giwa is my go-to Korean place in Center City. Conveniently located and the food is good too. I tried the bibimbap and the soon dubu - both were good and as expected. Nothing fancy, just decent Korean food. I'll be back to try their other dishes for sure.Absolutely delicious! Make sure you eat-in to be able to enjoy the sizzling stone bowl to cook your bimbimbop. Will keep you full the whole day through and is always buzzing.High priced fast food that has little flavor and no personality. Do yourself a favor and go to a restaurant like Jong Ka Jib where the banchan is outstanding, the prices are better, the food is excellent, and the service is always spot on. I regret spending $38 for lunch for two at this place. Won't be back.Hot lunch bowl (bibimbop) and bulgogi lunch platter are great. Have been here a few times and have always had good meals. Service is always quick and friendly. Prices are a little higher but the quality is good so it's worth it. For lunch, be warned the place is tiny so finding a seat is not easy during the lunch rush.I might have made the mistake of reading the reviews for giwa before I went.
My friend and I went on a tuesday evening and it was packed. The restaurant is really small with a total of 8 small tables to seat two people on each table so we had to wait until people left in order to sit down.
I got the tofu dot sol bi bim bap and it really was delicious with a great spicy sauce to accompany, but I do agree with the general sentiment that jt lacks some flavor. I can't speak for the meat but the entire meal was a little underwhelming. 
That said, I would probably come back and try something else.Small korean place that has great food.
They have the best beef bulgogi.
I wish they were open later.I've been here on numerous occasions, both at their old location and the new.  Thankfully, the food is just as good.  I'm partial to the tacos, but I've had friends rave about the bibimbap as well.Giwa is awesome! My friend and I always get very excited at the prospect of going there for lunch..the service is super fast and friendly, and the bibimbob is always piping hot and delicious!I popped into Giwa for a late lunch on a cold day, craving Korean food and more specifically Dol Sot bibimbap. A quick order placed with a little bit of a wait, and the bibimbap came out sizzling and filled to the brim of the stone bowl with veggies and bulgogi.
The accompanying banchan (kimchi and daikon) wasn't particularly impressive (less than standard fare for most Korean places...goodness, I've seen even tiny college town Korean places in the Midwest with at least 5-6 offerings...c'mon Philadelphia!) and I was surprised to see strips of egg omelette instead of sunny side up. The ingredients (bulgogi especially, much sadness) lacked freshness, authenticity and flavor which (as a Korean) left my taste buds confused and disappointed. The kochujang (hot pepper sauce) was also more sweet than spicy/savory, which added to the mounting discrepancies between what Korean food should taste like and what I was eating. 
Overall, a fast casual dining experience for essence of Korean, but a little less authenticity and flavor than expected.Sizzling rice bowl is amazing. One of the best korean places in the city.While easy to miss when walking down Sansom, you should definitely stop in to check out the Korean food at Giwa.  The food is tasty and fresh, and the staff are all very friendly.  Its location in Center City makes it an extremely convenient alternative to visiting the Korean restaurants all the way in north Philadelphia.
Some friends have complained that they don't give nearly as many side dishes (ban-chan) as much larger restaurants do, but it would be almost impractical to do so.  I wish they wouldn't charge an extra $1 for brown rice.The first bite was amazing, but then I realized that everything at the bottom of my dol sot bibimbap was burning and I started mixing everything up to avoid further burnage...  I've never had this dish so I'm not sure if that's the way it's supposed to be.  And I've had better kimchi, but that's not a total dealbreaker.
I think the food was delicious but I had a hard time enjoying this dish because I kept burning my tongue and it never cooled down.  It's too pricey for that experience, coming in at over $11 without a drink for this one item.  You can spend the same or less at a place that has more variety, so that is why I won't return to Giwa.I love their food, but the prices are creeping up. $13.25 for a bi bim bap?  Really? I think all this expansion is going to their head.  Not that I won't be back, but certainly not as often.The Korean tacos are addictive.    I haven't met anyone yet who has tried one that didn't immediately want more.    The bibimbop is also pretty amazing.   The place is pretty small and busy on lunch times.   That probably tells you all you need to know about the food.So we came here for a quick lunch - I was having  one of "those" days where my only aspiration was to get to work, have a light lunch and go home without stuffing my face. The restaurant is fairly small, but the wait staff is extremely friendly. We were greeted within 45 seconds of walking in despite the plethora of people already.
We both ordered the bibimbap with tofu - and I wasn't really sure what to expect as this was my first Giwa experience. I was genuinely impressed. My bowl was SO hot - so be careful if you're coming with little ones or anyone who gets too ambitious when they have food in front of them. You can also get a cup of water oppose to buying plastic which I can appreciate. 
I do wish the veggie/rice ratio was better - but I suppose their ratio would work for someone not watching their calorie  intake.We ended up stopping in at Giwa by accident really. My fiance and I were on our way to Trader Joe's, and were really hungry, and at that moment we both turned and saw Giwa! 
Giwa is a bit on the small side, but still the place was noticeably packed, which was definitely a good sign. Upon scanning the menu, my fiance and I both found viable options (I have few restrictions, whereas she is vegetarian, which was not an issue since they have plenty of options which are clearly labeled).
I've never really had Korean food before, so I wasn't sure what to get right away. However, I'd heard of bibimbap  before so I was considering this. But then, I saw an order of the hot bibimbap, and I KNEW I had to try this dish!
For those unfamiliar with this dish, I'll try my best (as a novice) to explain. Bibimbap is essentially a dish composed of several elements, including rice, meat, noodles, and an assortment of veggies, cooked in layers in a stone pot. To the best of my knowledge, there is very little seasoning involved during the cooking, though I am not an expert. The real key to this dish is that it is then served in the same stone pot it had been cooking in (yes, it is VERY hot, so be careful if you order this)! This concept is amazing, it keeps everything hot and still cooking, and the best part is the rice at the bottom gets to the point that its actually crunchy! The dish comes served with a side of kimchee (a sort of cold, spiced cabbage dish), some kind of beans, and a "hot" sauce to add to the bibimbap (it's red, and I guess supposed to be hot, but I didn't find it that powerful...).
All in all, we both had a great meal here (my fiance got the vegetarian hot bibimbap), and were actually full with about half the dish left, which made for good leftovers (glad it turned out this way, because it was a little pricey for fast food style Korean!).
My only complaints were that the can of Ginger-ale I bought was not really cold, however they had no ice (might wanna think about getting fountain drinks instead of cans), and they had no other sauce to add to the bibimbap other than the one it came with, which is sad for those of us who enjoy some extra spice in our food!My food was okay, but I do regret not ordering the HOT version of bibimbap.  I ate the lunch cold bowl of bibimbap, which has no fried egg.  The spinach and other vegetables are raw, so it is like bag salad mix atop your rice.  Fortunately, the Korean bibimbap sauce can make almost anything taste like bibimbap.  The diced chicken pieces did not appear to be freshly grilled.  Rather, it had the appearance and texture of fast-food style pre-packaged meat that was shipped to the restaurant in a ready-to-eat form.  I looked to the table to my left, and they were being served the crackling hot dol-sot bibimbap served in wooden boxes.  That looked like a more satisfying choice for the same price, if I recall.  But to be fair, the cashier asked me twice about the Cold version, before she made my order.  Next time I'll stick with tradition.Korean Tacos!  I went for the pork and was very happy.  The meat was well seasoned and just the right amount of spice.  The hot rock dish looked good and worth the money since there was plenty of food to be had in that sizzling bowl.  I can see how this place gets a bit packed during lunch time, but luckily our timing was perfect since we were able to snag the only table available.  The food was quick!  Good to know when I need to grab takeout.
The only thing I didn't love was their $15 minimum for using a credit card.  I thought that was a tad high for the place since most items are under $10. They let me use my card despite not making that limit, but a bit odd for a center city eatery.  This isn't affecting my rating, just something you should know about.Giwa's Wawa-esque ordering system and relatively short wait time make it a pretty decent lunch spot. However, my meal was lacking in quality, quantity, and affordability. 
My review is primarily for the Giwa BBQ Bowl with pork belly. The total came out to $12, but the bowl seems more like a $7-$9 size based on what I've paid for other comparable meals in the area. The pork belly was gummy and served room-temp, and the salad looked like it came from a bag of grocery store spring mix (not necessarily a bad thing, just setting expectations). 
My girlfriend ordered the box instead of the bowl, but they looked to contain similar amounts of food despite the $3 price difference. 
I'd say take your $12 over to Rice & Mix over on Chestnut. The food there seems more authentic and more appropriately priced.Food actually worth 3 stars, but serving it over cafe tray immediately drop a star for me.Good place.  Having the Jap Chae now.  Very different place, but worth a try for something new. Great food.This is a nice place to pick up lunch if you're working in CC.  The bibimbap is pretty good.  The wait staff is friendly, they do not seat you so no tip!  There could be a larger menu though.  There are basically four main dishes here.  Maybe add kimbap to the menu??For lunch today, I had planned on going to an establishment on the same block as Giwa but it was mad crowded so I went to Giwa instead, which was mad crowded but a little less crowded. I went with the signature bibimbap lunch special with tofu. I sat at the counter while I waited for my to-go order. When I got back to my office with my order I found many of the elements of my bibimbap to be individually packaged - rice in one container, spicy red sauce, kimchi, seaweed strips (in a cute tiny foil package), and cucumber in their own little packages, and the main bowl full of shredded veggies, tofu, greens, sesame seeds, carrots, red pepper strips, and maybe one or two assorted goodies. You may argue that all of these little containers are doing nothing to reduce the size of my carbon foot print, but I appreciated that they ensured freshness after my 1 block walk back to my office.
The veggies were crisp and fresh and the red sauce was spicy but not distracting. They use an interesting purpley-brown brown rice that was especially tasty and I inhaled the bowl in less than 20 minutes. In addition to bibimbap they have a lot of other good stuff, including the sizzling pancake of crispy rice and kimchi that I saw one of the many men wearing blue button-up shirts eating lunch there order. It was crowded, but the guys working are moving fast and it was quite pleasant sitting at the counter on a stool. I'll add this to my list of lunchtime go-tos and maybe next time I'll eat in and get a dolsot bibimbap so I can singe my fingertips off on the stone bowl which someone of my level of brilliance is bound to do.Their chicken tacos are soooOooOoo good. The spicy sauce (now available by the bottle!) is tasty and addictive, like a sweeter sriracha. Korean tacos have a soft shell and are filled to the brim with sticky rice, chicken (or pork), lettuce, onion, cheese, sour cream and cilantro. Trust me, it works. I get full after two, but that doesn't mean I don't want three.
Tried the dol sat bibimbap with chicken today. Brown rice FTW- it's hearty and nutty with great texture. Let it sit at the bottom of your sizzling bowl for a minute til it gets crunchy.  Portions are huge, but won't leave you feeling guilty- everything in the bowl is pretty heart-healthy.
I'm definitely a fan, and wish I took advantage of Giwa when they were a block from my old office! Luckily, they deliver.I came here for lunch today. The food is good as always, but it is pricey. It was $18 for the hot stone meal (I ordered it with beef) and a soda. The new restaurant is very spacious and clean and the touch screen ordering is nice. If it weren't so pricey I would probably return more often. Otherwise, I'll save it for a treat once in awhile!My boyfriend and I have been dying to try bimbimbap as we love ethnic food and have surprisingly never had it. As we wandered down the street, we noticed Giwa and decided to give it a shot. We thought the prices were pretty high for a self-serve place ($6.75 for 6 dumplings and about $12 for chicken bimbimbap).  We were pleased with the vegetable dumplings, but totally disappointed by the bimbimbap. The chicken was totally flavorless and poorly cooked, and the dish itself had no flavor. The chili paste they included was OK, but should have been used to complement a different sauce, and not as the only sauce. We definitely would not come back here.I didn't find this place to be that good.  I'm very surprised by the high reviews.
It's in no way bad, it's just not that good either though. Pretty much like an Asian 5 guys. In no way is their bibimbap "famous" as they claim.
I don't anticipate returning- there are much better places in the city.
Definitely overpriced. I found BAP on South Street to be much better.Dak Bulgogi was decent, maybe not as spicy as I would have liked. Place was definately packed, so maybe I just didn't have the right thing and I will give it another try. I still have yet to find really great Korean food in the city.Giwa offers quick and simple versions of some common Korean favorites like Bi Bim Bop and Bulgogi. While it's not the most authentic Korean food in town (go to 5th street for that), it satisfies a craving for Korean when you're in the city and don't feel like driving all the way to K-town. The small space is clean, modern, and the staff has always been above and beyond friendly. A great place to meet up for a quick and filling lunch or for dinner after work with a friend. If you want to drink, bring alcohol as it's BYOB. Also great for take-out.
Final thoughts...
Giwa will surely satiate that Korean food craving when you're in the city and need some right now.Meat is tenderly cooked and deliciously seasoned. The multigrain rice has excellent chew. Good portions. Great lunch spot and great for takeout.I was soooo craving a hot soup or stew!  I came to Giwa and got the seafood soon du bu (soft tofu stew) and the flavors were very lackluster.   It's a "tofu stew" but there were very few pieces of tofu in the stone bowl.  I asked for some sort of spicy sauce to help enhance the flavorless stew, but it didn't help.  I am still hungry...  I might have to go to Federal Donuts down the street to eat some more.  If you want good soon du bu, I would not recommend Giwa.  It may be one of few options for Korean food in center city/Rittenhouse,  but you're better off going to North Philly for the good stuff!so so. not too bad. cheap but a bit far from traditional Koran taste. good for foreigners.Great!! There aren't many korean restaurants around philly that are actually good. My experience here was quite pleasant. Its actually a pretty small place with a couple of seatings, but doesn't affect the quality of food. We ordered a whole bunch of appetizers and entrees. I loved the bi bimp bap, and the beef and chicken dishes. Although a little bit on the spicy side, a sip of water does the trick. The food comes surprisingly fast and is pipping hot. Only note that the side dishes that came with the food I didn't really care for, they were pretty small. If you are looking for a decent korean snack, come here!