My new favorite bar in Old City! Super friendly staff and the food is really good too. As for the beers, they have a bunch of good stuff on draft. I'm on a sour beer kick and this is my go-to spot for guaranteeed sour beers in Old City!After walking aimlessly around Old City with my picky father turning down restaurant after restaurant, we came across Glory. The impressive beer list, the allure of a porchetta sandwich, and a greeting from the friendly bartender drew him in...and they did not disappoint. Every beer we had was excellent. Food was tasteful and filling. But most memorably, the atmosphere was incredibly welcoming. We stuck around for quite some time chatting with the staff and fellow patrons. I'll be back!I'm almost afraid to write this review - I don't want this wonderful spot to become so crowded that we can't just drop in for a beer and a great dinner.  The hostess and our server were cheerful and helpful.  The beer menu was extensive.  Our server helped us decide among the many choices by giving us some samples.  The meal was fresh - the Roquefort salad with candied nuts was large and perfect for sharing.  Grilled cheese was perfect comfort food and my husband's burger was really good.  The space was well laid out and the seating was comfortable.  We will be back!Have been waiting for this place to open since a write up in philly.com back in Nov/Dec.  We come to Philly about 4-5 times a year during the NFL season so with our first trip this year- I had booked marked Glory. 
First about the space it is really inviting - it has a really cool and clean feel but also a nice warmth to it with the beautiful wood work and exposed brick throughout. The long bar and floating bar (I think thats what it's called) are just incredible. There are some high tops, tables and banquet tables for large parties. The open concept works nicely- there was a party of 30 when we were there- they stood and had their tables but the space is large enough that we didn't feel crowded and that says a lot. The artist photography (that is available for purchase) is a nice nod to the local vibe. 
The beer selection is OUTSTANDING- it has some lovely pours and the staff is knowledgeable (and this is key!).  They help you navigate available options (w/36 drafts + bottled beer to boot) you can rely on them to point you in the right direction. I tried a couple of them (sips from hubby's)- all very good recommendations. I had a nice cab (or maybe 2). 
We tried the wings - and they were perfectly seasoned with the right amount of heat (chipotle if I am correct). They serve it with a house made blue cheese sauce that is well balanced- the sharp blue and just a hint of sweetness- damn that was good. I like their menu options and the fact that they have a high scale food menu that is nice to see, and I can't to come back and try some of their food. 
They will be showing Eagles game so this would be a cool place to catch it. So make your way out to old city- stop by and have a drink for me or maybe I'll see you there when we are in town.Two of us dropped in last night and had a great meal! The pork pot pie was fantastic, the perfect size and great flavor. I also enjoyed the side salad of arugula and pickled red onion that came with it. My dining partner had the short rib dinner with mashed potatoes and carrots. He couldn't stop eating it. All in all, everything has great flavor and portion sizes are good (not too big or too small). Great beer selection and friendly service. It was a bit cold and rainy and so there weren't too many people there on a Sunday early evening, but I can picture this place getting pretty crowded. The 3-4 communal long tables in the back would be really good for a group.  I live in the neighborhood and am happy to see this place here! I will return and suggest you check it out as well.Fantastic bar and restaurant. The porchetta sandwich was fabulous. Alex and Alyssa were great. We also met Dave the owner. They were all knowledgeable about the beers and the menu. The vinyl records playing in the background is an awesome touch! You must give it a try....Stumbled upon this gem yesterday, and am back today.  Awesome (unique) beer selection with a cravable food menu to match.Great beer selection and the food is amazing! This place is just the local neighborhood spot we were looking for. We had the prime rib sandwich and the porchetta sandwich and both were outstanding. I can't wait to try everything else on the menu!Walked in 5pm Saturday seats available. Bar seating to the front restaurant seating to the back. Not much of a character regarding furnishings but certainly not dive bar. 
Truly plenty of beer choices. As I do not like American obsession with hopes/IPA or coffee beans pineapple added flavor shit. Check Pils fine by me. Prosecco grapefruit cocktail just fine. Then Strong Porter just fine as well. 
Staff helpful. 
Got talking to someone who lives across the road who was looking for a team to follow from Premier League. Easy Wolverhampton Wanderers who beat Cardiff that day. 
Who would have thought simple pub meeting could extend the knowledge of the most promising team in the EPL. That's what pubs are for. 
Public houses 
Strongly recommend to go in for quick drink wish you could stay longer but must flyWas looking for a place to grab a good beer or two, some food and football. Saw this was near the hotel I was staying at and decided to give it a try. Great beer selection from all over the world with some good ones on tap. Alex behind the bar was very knowledgeable and helped me choose and sample a few new beers. The food was also excellent. Ordered the veggie & hummus platter and was pleasantly surprised with the size and options that it came with. Overall great experience and recommend this one.This review may not be helpful to beer drinkers but may be for a beer drinker's +1 or foodies! I had Glory's house special cocktail, a vodka based drink that included a rose simple syrup ( some other items? sorry) and a gorgeous piece of grapefruit to garnish. The waiter/bartender did a fantastic job to adapt the drink to my taste which runs more herbal and less sweet. So delicious and refreshing. I also had the pulled chicken sandwich and side salad. The marinade on the chicken was to-die-for...so well executed with spicy relish on top and no residual grease, etc. Side salad of arugula, pickled onions and light dressing was perfect. The environment is hip but cozy and the staff is so welcoming and happy to meet the needs of guests. So glad to have this addition to the neighborhood for an artisanal yet relaxed space that stands out from others in old city's district. Overall, I loved my experience and will definitely be back for the burrata and octopus!My wife and I live in Old City.  When we first moved here we lived across the street from what is now Glory.  We discovered this wonderful place about six months or so ago.
First, the rotating tap is awesome.  Part of the adventure to me is trying the new beers on tap on a given evening.  Unlike many, if not most, pubs, Glory has a first-rate kitchen.  There are regular enticing specials.
The ambience is quite pleasant.  It does get a bit noisy on weekends, but the noise comes from the large number of customers pleasant.
This really has become my "go to" place in the neighborhood.Fantastic first visit yesterday afternoon. My sister asked us to meet here for a few drinks and a bite to eat and I had no idea about Glory, and what an amazing surprise. I showed up a bit early with my wife and daughter and were quickly greeted by David, and offered up a large table and got us drinks before we took a seat. Very impressive tap list with most styles covered. Reasonable pricing too, whether you want that full pint, or want to have a higher octane brew or something more rare. The rest of my family showed up soon after and he was right over to talk beers and the food menu. Super knowledgeable and laid back is very refreshing. He offered up some more rare bottles to share too and discussed the history of each and the process that goes into each, which was super informative, even for a beer knurd like myself. 
I didn't eat more than a few bites of the grilled octopus and it was phenomenal with great presentation and combination of flavors. Everyone enjoyed their meals and the interaction with David. I don't get to this area too often, but will make it a point to be back soon to try some of the menu. 
Thanks, David!Im so glad this place opened! Everyone was so friendly and the food was amazing & approachable. My bartenders Chris & Morgan were si knowledgeable of the beers on tap and helped me find one that I would like. If you're coming here, you definately need to try the prime rib, you could cut it with a butter knife! Good luck & congratulations to the crew at Glory!The food was absolutely terrible. We had the pot pie and the burger. The pot pie is the biggest sham, it is a bland stew with a piece of dough on top. The burger was also bland, uncreative, mediocre at best. Maybe come in for a drink but nothing else.5/5 stars for this hot new Old City joint! The beer selection is meticulously curated & second to none, the drinks are fantastic and the food is nothing short of gourmet! 
The Mac & Cheese is creamy & crunch, the Porchetta Sandwich is decadent & delicious and the Prime Ribeye is incredible. Great ambiance, friendly staff and an awesome location!!This is the place Philly has been looking for. Great ambiance, wait staff was great and knowledgeable and the $10 burger was out of this world. And the best part, what a fantastic beer menu. I'll definitely be back for more.Comfortable place, great beer selection, and friendly owners! I walked in here after a hot walk along the waterfront for a cold drink. I didn't get any food but had two glasses of sours. This is a must-see bar and restaurant on your walk along Walnut St.Excellent food. Took care of us as. Table of 13. 
Great atmosphere
Very relaxed
Would go there again!!We had a great time on our first trip to Glory. So happy to see familiar faces from the old Eulogy. The beer selection is excellent. Dave at the bar is super knowledgeable and offered suggestions when I told him what types of beers I typically drink. We had a great dinner. The 1/2 chicken was so moist and flavorful with a crispy skin just how I like it. The porchetta was unexpected and delicious. The cheese board offerings the night we went were top notch and paired with some interesting jams, fruits, mustards. We will definitely be back. So happy to see a new place opening up in Old City. Excited to see what comes out of the kitchen as we get into fall.Wow! I was expecting boring bar food, but I was blown away. Every single thing I ordered was awesome. This place is awesome. Shout out to Chris with the kick ass boots on the wait staff. Amazing service. Definitely go here.Glory Beer Bar hosted our private bridal shower on Saturday afternoon, and it was perfect....from start to finish!  The venue is spacious, but cozy.  The cocktails were specially designed for our group, and they were creative and tasty. The food was delicious and plentiful!  The service was impeccable.  It is clear that customer service is their motto, and they hit the mark!  Pier and Dave were so easy to work with and made planning fun!  They were flexible and accommodating!  My guests could not stop raving about every aspect of the event.  I'll definitely be back and encourage you to check out this very special Old City spot....you won't be disappointed!Went for happy hour with 2 colleagues intending to stay for a drink or 2 but ended up staying for hours.  The bar area was cozy, and the bartender was attentive.  He came out after the first couple of drink asking us to close out our tab and offered to soften the request with bourbon shots.  Good marketing ploy because we then ordered a couple more rounds of drinks paired with bourbon shots. And the food was amazing.  We ordered a couple of rounds of super tasty lime chipotle wings and perfectly tender octopus.My favorite new bar! I spend most of my time in Center City, but I came out to the river and stopped in at Glory for a quick chicken sandwich and a beer. The chicken sandwich was perfect, loaded up with lots of great fries. As I was getting ready to leave, Jim Croce came on. A few minutes later I realized that they were playing one of my favorite old LPs...and they played both sides!! So naturally I had to have a few more great beers. The vibe here is great, super friendly and happy. Not a typical bar by any stretch.Stop the comparisons to Eulogy.... this place stands firmly on its own! The staff , Alyssa, Katie and Alex are a professional reflection of Dave the owner. Their knowledge of beer and customer service is exemplary. Small menu ... something for everyone.. which means everything we do we do great! Atmosphere is clean, industrial and bright with windows that let the sun in! Definitely returning!Thursday July 4th, called around to see what's open in the area. This popular bar had plenty of seating available as well as an inviting beer list after a long drive.
Got a table for three outside and went over the small menu for lunch time.  Settled on the Prime Rib Sandwich with salad ($15) and also shared a plate of wings ($12). Prices here are higher than counterparts in the area, but the food looks pretty good. Sandwich is a two-hander, overflowing with juicy rib meat, caramelized onions, horseradish and au jus. Meat is softer than I like, as a toasted bun would've helped here. Taste is there, and the caramelized onions were a tasty addition. Accompanying salad is nominal. As for the chicken, a nice glaze over 8 wings that wasn't too spicy to eat. As for the beer, tried a couple of local IPAs ($6-8) that hit the mark.
Service here was quick despite us being the only people sitting outside. 4.5 stars rounded up for being open on the holiday.Went to Philly for the day and had a late lunch at Glory.  Food was great, beer selection was outstanding and the place is just cool!  Ask Dave about the renovations and he will give you a lesson in Philly history.  I can't wait to get back and just spend the day at the bar.  Outdoor seating on a historic street is a plus.  Paid parking right across the street, which is a real plus.  This place has it all.  Need to get Daryl Hall and or John Oats to visit! (Inside joke that only women who use the bathroom would get, but again a very cool touch that makes this place truly unique).Stumbled upon Glory during their grand opening and we were not disappointed. The beer list covers all of the style bases and has a few Belgian treats as well.
You must try the grilled cheese! There's something about it, a sour finish, that we absolutely loved. Perfection!
The service was excellent. Makenna welcomed us with open arms. Extremely friendly place.Went there on a recommendation.  Good news was were were a party of 6 and were able to make a reservation at 6:30 pm and get in for 8.  Service was good.  My issue is the main dishes came out in 3 waves- burgers first, mac & cheese and soup, then chicken pot pies.  Each at least 5 minutes apart.  So we sat there waiting and picking on the burger people's fries till all food showed up.  Filet mignon burger was excellent, glory burger good.  Mixed reviews on the chicken pot pies and Mac and cheese.  We aren't beer drinkers so maybe if we were this would have been a four star.  The craft beer list was extensive.  Would I go back?  Probably not.Great new space in old city! Amazing draft list even for philly. Didn't have food this round but will be back to give that 5th star!Another great addition to the neighborhood. An extensive international draft beer list, changing daily specials, and friendly efficient service.  Food is well above what is expected at a bar.  Our lunch included Charred octopus that was perfectly prepared and sauced.  Likewise, the French onion soup and chili were well done.  Dinner menu is a little more extensive.  The restaurant is clean, spacious and simply furnished.  We will be back, often.Now that Eulogy is no longer an Old Town destination (sob!) and given that nature abhors a vacuum, the field seems to be opening up for places like this.  Glory is a friendly establishment with an excellent selection of beers and a small but superb menu. Had the porketta and a small plate or two one Sunday afternoon. Best thing I've eaten in a while. Well worth the visit!A must try in Old City! From the french onion soup to the man n cheese. The beer selection is amazing. You can't go wrong!
Makenna knows her stuff, so just ask for recommendations.Great experience. Outstanding beer selection matched with equally good food. Very attentive and knowledgeable staff. Recommended for beer lovers and foodies.Awesome bar, the staff here was great and very friendly!!! I liked the choice of beers (good sours!!), and our bartender gave us suggestions and some samples too. The fries were delicious which is extremely important!!This was a great place for a group. Plenty of space with large tables. Took me some time to choose a beer, the list is huge! Food was delicious. Our waitress was helpful, friendly and patient.Great atmosphere! Friendly, knowledgeable staff. The food was amazing and I can't wait to go back!Excellent beer menu, friendly staff and the food is amazing. There is not a bad thing possible to order. Go here!!Came to the bar looking for a light snack with friends cause I was pretty full. I got the porchetta sandwich so I could save the other half for brunch the next day. Nope. I destroyed it. Really crispy crackly skin and super moist, flavorful, tender meat. Beer selection was  great and the service was excellent. I couldn't decide on a beer so the bartender just gave me a bunch of samples before I settled on the right beer for the night. But man, I'd come back just for that sandwich even if he treated me like garbage.Glory Beer Bar has an amazing staff! 
Everyone was extremely helpful and fun to work with and talk to. The atmosphere of the bar is perfect while watching a game, and you'll also have the benefit of access to one of the most extensive beer menus in Philly. 
Not only are the drinks great but the food was all delicious! I definitely recommend ordering the Mac and Cheese!What an incredibly cool place.  The atmosphere is relaxed and welcoming. The beer list is extensive and the food is delicious.  Try the wings and any of the pot pies.  You won't be disappointed.Came to Philly for an overnite  with the family from NJ. Did several breweries today on our way down and saved the best for last. Been here several times already and always delicious food and attentive friendly service. Today had the wings and burrata for appys, then I had a bowl of prime rib chili which is something I've never had before and it was fabulous. Rest of table had prime rib, porchetta and grilled cheese sandwiches . I sampled a bite of each which were all really good. Great music on the turntable and wonderful beers served up by Dave the beer meister. Definitely one of our favorite spots when in Philly.Very cool vibe in this brand new bar. AMAZING beer selection and knowledgeable (and yet still friendly) bartenders to back it up. Wide range of food on the menu, everything we tried was delicious (octopus, wings and short rib were spot on!!) Will absolutely be coming back here on any future Philly visits!Fantastic place. We ended up here on a Tuesday night and basically had the place to ourselves. The staff went out of their way to provide a welcoming  environment. I do not drink but the rest of the group did. The bartender offered me a mock tail and it was fabulous!  So nice to feel a part of the group!  The food was delicious. Cooked to order. I highly recommend it!Fav happy hour spot! Happy hour wines are super cheap and awesome. Great cocktail/wine selection for people who don't drink beer. My company had our Christmas party here last year. They made planning it super simple. It's also really clean even the bathrooms. Awesome snacky food. Excited to try the entrees. Melissa behind the bar is awesome. She always remembers what I'm drinking. Best spot in old cityVery nice for almost any favorite kind of beer and reasonably priced, well prepared food as well. Talk to co-owner and brew master Chris  to learn more about what is served there and the area of PA where he grew up. It's really nice neighborhood bar and kitchen, just as named and recommended. 
JEI give it 3 stars for the vibe and the great service.  I tried both the chicken pot pie and Max n cheese which were highly recommended in the reviews.  However, both were very average.  I did not seem much effort went into either recipe.Great new place to fill your beer craving. A  beautiful bar plus many comfy tables you can disappear into. 36! Beers on tap to peruse and choose from selected by a 10 yr  bar veteran.
We had  a grand time at the opening fests  perusing the taps and bottle lists with the excellent staff.
The kitchen is primed to satisfy you as well. I mean how often do you order a burger med rare and it arrives spot on?!! Don't miss the octopus.
You can even have your cake and eat it too. But the beer here is the main attraction, carefully selected and vast. Over all, this promises to be the place in old city to kick back and get your beer on.Chill beer bar w good food, beers, and bartenders. Nice way to spend a Saturday afternoon.Great beers ! Dishes cooked perfectly. Nice atmosphere with a upbeat vibe. Great service from friendly bartenders. I'll be back.Awesome (and well curated) beer selection with an inviting space. The great pub food ranges from casual to upscale and is priced well for the quality dished out. Music is spun records -freaking awesome!- Staff is great as well!Stopped by for a beer and some food after a visit to the Museum of the American Revolution.  Glory Beer is about a block away from the museum.  It's newer with a great tap beer list.  Enjoyed a WBA Sour from Vermont. Delicious! Lunch menu is small but that is a good thing.  There is something for everyone including vegetarian and vegan selections.  I had the grilled cheese and fries - yummy on this chilly day.  Others had the Glory burger and the Crispy chicken sandwich. Fair prices and the food was good.  Cool rustic decor, lots of seating and a collection of vinyl for your listening pleasure.  TVs over the bar so you don't miss anything. Good service and our food came out fast (mid-afternoon.)I work for a CPG company and one of my top suppliers wanted to treat me for Happy Hour. He mentioned a place in Olde City where he heard great things about the food and beer -- Glory! I've lived in the city a long time, but tend to hang more in north Philly, so I was interested to try something new. My supplier and I were very impressed; the menu was simple, yet hit on a little something for everyone (I'm a vegetarian). The beer was thoughtfully selected and definitely held its own in a city that is known for fantastic beer options. Our bartender, Chris, was very welcoming, knowledgeable, and attentive the entire time. He even engaged in a home-brewing discussion (inclusive of technical details) with my supplier. Morgan, also behind bar, worked seamlessly with Chris to ensure the full bar and some tables had drinks/food without delay. The environment was a mix of "old school" (see: wooden bar with elbow rest) and industrial. Lowish-lighting (but not too low). Clean bathrooms. Great details. HIGHLY suggest a stop (or two or three) here. I'll definitely be returning! Thanks, Chris and Morgan, for killin' it!After we spent an afternoon at the Camden aquarium my husband and I, two friends, and our daughters (15 months and 19 months) found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. Be forewarned, this place isn't exactly for children- meaning I didn't see any high chairs ( also didn't ask), and no kids menu. That being said, we went during the week when it was slow and our children were very welcomed there and we easily found something for them to eat. Our service was amazing, the beer selection was fabulous, and the food was outstanding. Highly recommend the wings. We got the chicken sandwich which was delicious and they make their own ketchup on site with clove spice which was fabulous. Not a fan of anything other than Heinz ketchup? They offer that too. Will definitely be back with our friends when we can score a baby sitter. 
ALSO- have a peanut allergy? We called ahead and they don't cross contaminate. :)To me, they are the spiritual successor to my favorite bar of all time, Eulogy (which is now closed). And a worthy successor at that.
An excellent and well curated beer list, and I didn't even see what they had in bottles. We ordered their beer braised chicken sandwich and their burger. Both were excellent (get bacon on the burger, this joint uses the good stuff). We also got their "macaroni and cheese of the moment", which was extremely tasty. The chives were a nice touch.
The space was open and not at all crowded, though the bar itself was packed. There was a nice variety of both communal and normal (private?) tables available, and a large open spaces to prevent you from feeling claustrophobic.
Recommended, especially since this was opening night so they are only going to get better.Good beer selection, cool old bar vibe, great bar back, chill bartenders.
Food was just okay: lamb sliders (good), asparagus (ok), fries (ok)We found this gem on Yelp tonight and really enjoyed our dinner. Melissa was a fantastic server, she had a few suggestions for things to see and do before we return home. 
Beverage: Manhattan, perfectly mixed
Food: Macaroni and Cheese(+bacon) we were pleasantly surprised by this delicious dish! Highly recommend!
Chicken sandwich with salad. Crispy buttermilk chicken breast with LTO, not just any onion, pickled red onion. The house made vinaigrette was wonderful.
Butter cake with lemon icing, topped with fresh strawberries and blueberries. Fabulous!!!
Bonus for Hall & Oates fans, you'll find Darryl and John in the ladies roomThe book ends were the best part of this meal....that MAC AND CHEESE and that APPLE TART were BOMB ! The Hunters Pie was also really FRESH and EARTHY which makes for a good belly warming pot pie. We wished there was a flaky crust tho, however the mashed potatoes sorta made up for it . This is a cool spot overall. Lots of room at the long bar along with high tops and a rail bar and tons of seating in the back if you wanted a formal meal as well. We are eat at the bar kinda folks so we were at home at a high top. The servers were FANTASTIC and super knowledgeable regarding the brews on tap (& there are a TON) and also on the food specials and their favorites! Definitely a cool place for a casual date or to hang with the guys or gals or to watch a game and listen to some tunes being played on the record player....YEA A RECORD PLAYED LOL! All in all a fun and filling spot!Food was outstanding. Alex (I think the owner) was charming. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  Cool music and vibe!The beer list is on fire. And they have the...
Best. Porchetta. Sandwich. Ever.
Let me say that again. 
Best. Porchetta. Sandwich. Ever.Morgan, our server was awesome. She picked our beers and they were perfect.  The chicken sandwich was exactly as advertised and the prime rib was juicy and tender 
I highly recommendI made reservations for the Eagles game at 1 pm because I didn't know what to expect. You email Dave@glorybeerbar.com to make reservations (It's on their website).  We were greeted but this guy who turned out to be our server, who had no idea what we were talking about. The reservations weren't necessary, but I expected a friendlier greeting.
The sole reason for this trip was the porchetta sandwich, which I heard was the best pork sandwich in Philadelphia (I saw pictures, and it was beautiful). Glory Beer Bar really came through with the food. I think the "& Kitchen" part of the name is underappreciated. It was almost the size of my head and had an extremely satisfying meat to topping ratio. The meat was well-seasoned, and it had a solid amount of cheese. You have to make a trip here to see this sandwich in all of its Glory!
I understand it's a "beer bar," but everything about the bar was lacking. They don't have any spirits to make simple cocktails other than the few on the menu. The beer menu is better than most bars, but needs improvement if they're going to call themselves a "beer bar." This was one of the few bars that had the Goose Island Bourbon County Brand Stout on tap, but they're missing some big names that are distributing kegs now. I would like to see at least one Russian River IPA, Hill Farmstead, Maine, and more SingleCut. Also, the online menu hadn't been updated in two weeks and was different than what they had. I would like for them to update the beer list more often.Awesome! Great drinks at a very reasonable price. Fries were good too. The owner served our drinks & was incredibly kind & helpful. Great spot for happy hour & hanging. Would definitely recommend!Very cool spot with a pretty good beer list, good food, great staff, and killer record collection. I came here for drinks and apps with my wife. We sat at the bar, in front of where the record player was located. I saw the Police vinyl record cover out of the stack and noticed it was playing.  The place is brand new, spacious and has a rustic gallery feel to it. The bartenders were attentive and personable. We had our drink order in seconds. They had a good array of local brews, but I would have liked to see more flavorful and intense IPAs and pale ales. 
We ordered the wings and burrata salad, which came out within 10 minutes. The wings were giant and piping hot, which I loved. They tasted good. They had a perfect batter, but the sauce seemed honey based which was slightly sweeter than I prefer. But there was also a smokiness to the sauce that offered a nice contrast. I honestly think that the amazing batter they use would pair nicely with a classic well-made buffalo sauce. 
The Burrata salad had great seasoning and dressing. The veggies were fresh and vibrant. The only part of the salad we did not care for was their version of croutons, which was essentially stale focaccia. There was no crunch to them, only toughness. But overall, good salad. 
We really enjoyed our visit here and plan to come back often. This spot has a great atmosphere for beer consumption. Next time I'll try one of their cocktails too!Got the burger and fried chicken sandwich, both were amazing along with the fries. Beer selection is outstanding and well. It's not your typical bar food... highly recommend.AMAZING! Went with family for dinner on a Saturday night, such a cool vibe with actual VINYL records setting the mood... started the night right with the Pulp cocktail (highly recommend) then ordered a bunch of apps that were sinfully good.  Had one bite of the Mac n cheese (everyone else ate it all!) and it was out of this world.  Made me come back for brunch the next day- and order my own.  Honestly wanted to steal my husband's plate - homemade pappardella pasta that was RIDICULOUSLY good with a hot sausage Sunday gravy (to die for).  Seriously, if you want feel good, elevated comfort food with a great atmosphere - this is the place to go.Great place for a burger! Stopped in for lunch during a day trip to Philly. Cool atmosphere, they play vinyl records, nice waitress and a great burger.  What more could you ask for?Burger was delicious, beer selection is exceptional. Great location. Definitely recommend.Great place in Old City to get lunch and beers. They have a huge selection of interesting beers on draft, and the food is delicious. The aesthetic is also very nice, though the tables are a bit small. Highly recommend before or after seeing a movie (or if you're just spending the day in Old City)I am impressed, Glory Beer Bar & Kitchen was great. Great place. When I saw the menu I wanted to order every thing, I went for Crispy Chicken Sandwich and it was absolutely yummy. And also, the service was excellent and the staff was very courteous. Def coming back soon.Came to this pub at the recommendation of a friend, had an amazing time! A huge selection of quality beers, including some rarities. Food was standard bar fair, but taken up a notch. The burger and fries were outstanding. Great crowd, great music, plenty of seating. Everything I could want in a bar. 
If you're in the area, check out Glory Beer Bar.We came to this seemingly hidden gym in the midst of a bunch of highly touted options. The reviews brought me here but the food kept me. My three friends and I agree that it deserved its perfect 5 star rating after eating their famous macaroni and cheese topped with pull pork. To say all 3 items we ordered were unique and scrumptious would be a true assessment. 
Keep doing things right!! YummyGlory has an extremely knowledgeable staff, excellent and unique food to the neighborhood, and a beautiful building with ample space. It's a great location for parties or groups and the staff is nothing but accommodating and friendly. Suitable for vegetarians, vegans, and those who need gluten free, their menu is full of up-scale comfort food and does not disappoint. No one in our party was even close to disappointed by what they got and no one left anything on their plate. 10/10. I'll be back soon!Glory Beer was a nice place - very spacious inside with a cool wood table vibe. The beer and the wine we got were great, as were the appetizers. The staff was very friendly and super helpful (recommending great apps). We got a reservation on Yelp but didn't need it. Overall great experienceFound this place when I stayed in a hotel around the corner, and I have to say, it's currently my favorite place for beer in Philly. I visit the area twice a year and try to check out new beer bars each time, and this will certainly be one I return to. Awesome selection of beer on tap, and really great service from bartenders who seem to really care about what they're serving, and were interested in chatting about the area and about beer. I had several NE IPA's and sours, and all of them tasted great.Don't ask for ranch, they don't have "Midwestern Sauce" here...and that's a great thing!  Until the owner, Dave, delights your earlobe with one of his sneaky, yet succulent wet willies, you haven't experienced 'Glory'!  In all seriousness, very best bar in Philly.  The food is all made from scratch and never disappoints and the beer is AMAZING.  Be sure to listen up for the specials.  Although they often involve squash, they never fall short.  Just ask Chris or Mo or Meredith for a recommendation and allow them to transform your evening!  lastly, Dave has worn a hat since he was nine years old.  He needs a new hat.  If you so could, bring a hat for Dave or at least let him know that the hat he currently has on, sucks and he needs a new one!  All good things!Holy moly. I came here for my birthday get together with my friends to get drinks and some food. I will start out this: Glory bar has possibly the best beer list in the city currently. There was such a large list, there is something for everyone. In fact, when I went here in early December 2019, it was one of the few places that had the Goose Island Bourbon County stouts on tap (they had 4 variations of them). They also had a plethora of the IPAs on tap to help as well.
I got the cuban sandwich and the soft pretzel. I did not feel the cuban was anything special, but there was nothing wrong about it. The meat was flavorful, the bread was pretty good, and the pickles stood out. Even though it was good, I would probably try something else if I went back. The soft pretzel on the other hand was insanely good. It was extremely large, warm, soft, and delightful
Ultimately, this place is great for the beer. Go here for the beer and if you end up being hungry, get the pretzel. I will be back!In recent months, I've noticed a real improvement in the restrooms.  Since Chris, aka the Poo Baron, aka Janitellia, aka Sh*t Stirrer started taking care of the downstairs downstairs, it's a remarkabley clean/comfortable place to excuse all things.  Being he's also part owner and all things beer, it's nice that cleaning the Lou isn't below him.  It's no wonder newcomers feel comfortable in this place.  It feels a lot like home weather you're at the bar being dazzled by MohMoh, standing next to Blair...feeling tall and dirty, sitting next to Pete and understanding why tech is lucrative, yet still boring or getting a foot show from Mattie the Machine.  If you've made it this far, know this was a stretch of comedic failure.  The people who work here are some of the kindest hearted, nicest and most knowledgeable people you will ever meet.  The regulars are all a little off in the best kind of way.  If you are in Philly, do not hesitate to come in, get on the burger train and stumble out! Ask for the "Dirty Ice Dave" shot, you won't be disappointed!Food was fine and very good beer selection, however the slowest service ever and they are barely at 50% capacity. Ordered one of the more expensive beers they had on the menu (beer is great) and they brought it out absolutely warm. Took 10+ min to get the beer and the bottle was cold, but the beer was nearly room temperature, so it looks like they tried to chill it before serving. Wish they would have told me it was warm and offered to pick something else.To me, they are the spiritual successor to my favorite bar of all time, Eulogy (which is now closed). And a worthy successor at that.
An excellent and well curated beer list, both draft and bottles. We ordered their beer braised chicken sandwich and their burger. Both were excellent (get bacon on the burger, this joint uses the good stuff). We also got their "macaroni and cheese of the moment", which was extremely tasty. The chives were a nice touch. Their fries were on point too.
The space was open and not at all crowded, though the bar itself was packed. There was a nice variety of both communal and normal (private?) tables available, and a large open spaces to prevent you from feeling claustrophobic.