As I walked in, I noticed a vibrant (read LOUD) bar scene.  I watched with devouring (pun intended) eyes and salivating mouth as a huge plate of Ethiopian food was carried past me at the bar and up a set of stairs behind me.  My friend and I inquired and found out that we could eat either downstairs at the tables set up in a room just past the bar or upstairs.  We chose to venture upstairs.   
Upstairs there were 3 rooms: 1 with a pool table set up (we saw some Ethiopian? men playing bocci), 1 with a bar and about 7 tables and 1 in the back with 2 tall tables and bar stools.  This last room had a patio door that led out onto a porch with more tables.  We decided to sit in the room with the 7 tables (too much PDAs coming from the couple sitting in the last room - yuck! ). The bar was empty and the room very quiet.  The track lighting and lighting fixtures in all the rooms were different and interesting.  The walls all look freshly painted with delightful pastel/citrus colors; one wall had a mural on it.  There were also 2 huge LCD tvs playing sports (for you ladies that have to convince your guy to try Ethiopian).  
The service was slow; all part of the Ethiopian trend.   But our waiter (possible proprietor?) was very friendly.  We ordered a combination platter for 2.  When the platter came, I was amazed.  These platters just keep getting bigger and bigger!  There was a good amount more food than at Kaffa's.  We tasted the food mmmm!  The food was quite good, but a bit oversalted.  But the food really was not bad at all. The most amazing part of the food was the injera though.  This injera (maybe Kaffa's disappointment was just too much for me) was perfect in consistency!  It was thick and perfectly spongy!  Still not completely sour enough for my taste.  There seemed to be a spice that they threw into the injera that gave it a unique flavor that no one else's injera had, but it left a sandy feeling in your mouth afterwards (no doubt the ground up spice in question).  I did not mind the extra flavor, but was not sure it outweighed my personal distaste (why yes, I am punny today) for the texture.This is without doubt the worst experience I have ever had at a dining establishment or bar.  I order the lamb tibs with rice and I took a bite of it and could not stomach anymore.  The rice was saturated in cooking oil, the lamb was flavorless and tough and whatever vegetable they were trying to pass off was rubbery and soaked in oil.  The service matched how terrible the food was.  They had the audacity to charge me full price even though I took one bite.  There was never an offer to order something else or even to take it off of my bill.  I sat for exactly 27 minutes without anyone tending to me, asking me if I needed anything else, or anything else that one would expect from a typical bar.  Up until now I have always left a tip but tonight since I paid for a meal I didn't eat I saw no point in leaving a tip.  Perhaps I am just an uppity New York transplant use to the finer things and all the other rave reviews are more accurate, but for what my experience has been worth save yourself the money and go elsewhere.  There isn't much in this neighborhood but if you are going to starve regardless you might as well do so with a couple more dollars in your pocket.This place always has such a great, relaxed atmosphere. It's never too busy, there's almost always room at the bar, and the service is great. The veggie combo platter is a good deal. The bartender ladies are great (and so well dressed!). Great for a wind down after a long week.I've never ordered food from Gojjo, but have spent a bit of time at the bar.  While it is a great spot to hang out, there really is nothing special about the place.  The crowd and bartenders are usually very friendly, making this place a good one to go to settle up to the bar for a bit.  They have a good selection of interesting Ethiopian beers, but the rest of the selection is a bit overpriced, charging $5 for a pint of Lager.  Gojjo gets my repeat business mainly because it's the closest bar to my apartment, and as far as that goes, you could do a lot worse.As a restaurant, Gojjo has become my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in Philly.  
Kachumbari (Tomato Salad)  was very tasty, a lot of flavor in what looked like a fairly simple dish.  Tomato, peppers, onion, and some vinegar.
The Gojjo Special Tibs (Spicy) was very good, spiced beef with peppers and onions, the spinach that went with the meat was well seasoned.  I would have liked some more vegetables, but the dish was otherwise very good.  Lately, when eating here, I'll split this and the vegetable combination between two people.  Served with injera (spongy rolled bread).
Spilt Lentil (Spicy) was excellent.  The flavor with the lentils was terrific, the lentils were thick with a flavorful sauce that paired very well with the injera.  
Lentil soup had a good flavor to it, but I wish that it had more lentils in it.  
Service was pretty slow, but it's sort of a place to take your time at.  
Outdoor seating is terrific, and I would recommend if you want to get away from the loud bar.Never tasted the food but did have some alcoholic beverages and, from what I recall, they were great! Restaurant turns to a dance floor / bar at night, which gets pretty lit and lively. Cute little spot worth checking outThis place is atrocious. The beef tibs were so bad that I ran into the bathroom to spit them out. We also ordered the Ethiopian wine (which came in a whisky bottle) and it didn't even have any alcohol in it. I wouldn't recommend this place.I am obsessed with this place and the beautiful curtains upstairs. Its such a fun combo of bar + restaurant!
I really like the brightly lit room upstairs. It's the perfect place to get a great look at your dining partner.
I guess if you want DINNER, go to Dahlak. If you want only a bar, go to Queen of Sheeba. If you want BOTH, go to Gojjo!
I usually get the shared crazy platter for two people and share with some friends! the cabbage is AMAZING!$11 pitcher of Victory's pale ale. Sweet. Only one bartender serving entire restaurant, but it was empty and we were in the back--I needed to go up front to the bar to get it. I didn't mind, the bartender was nice.
We were clearly there in hours that weren't very busy, with the nightlight getting started later on complete with a DJ.
Didn't try food.So first off the food is quite good. Ethiopian food is delicious. I ordered on UberEats and they made a small mistake.. the owner ended up personally driving all the way across town to my house and dropping off extra food. very respectable and good owner thank you.This place is interesting in that it seems to focus more on the bar element than the restaurant, yet it serves outstanding Ethiopian food.
I came here with a large group of people and we ordered a bunch of food and all of it was outstanding.  There's not a huge amount of space, we sat upstairs and had to rearrange tables a bit, but it worked well.  Service was minimal (but good!).  The place was a bit chaotic, but the people were so nice, the food was so good, and it came out in a reasonable amount of time, so our experience.
Plus, there was live bluegrass, and the group was really good!  We were here on a wednesday night.  I really liked the vibe in here...maybe it was just the particular night we were here, but the people hanging around here seemed really nice, and the place had a really chill vibe.
I would really recommend this place, both for food, and as a bar.Went there with a group of friends after a long night of partying for some after partying. This is one of the place which is open till well after 3 am and that is what we were looking for. After downing ourselves in one bottle of tequila we wanted to dance our hearts out. So I am not writing about the food or drinks. The place was small, crowded and guys looking for girls to booty grind with. The music was amazing, great beats, great energy. I did get a beer and half there which did not take too long to come. The only horrible thing which happened to my friend : they charge $1.50 for a glass of tap water !! Ridiculous. Great memories, great night ... if you know what I mean ;)I have eaten a quite a few Ethiopian restaurants and this is one is not impressive. Food ingredients are not fresh and are incredibly bland, it's as though the food came from a package. I have prepared fresh Ethiopian food from scratch at home that is ten times better than the grub at Gojjo.
To add insult to injury, the owner of the place is a veritable misogynist. I witness him treating his female employees as though he is a Trump supporter. I'll never come back here again.Gave it one more shot.  
Same deal.  
I got off th 34 to have a post-work cocktail and dinner.  My friend who I was meeting was already there waiting.  I ordered my drink and saw they're still measured (like many of the Ethiopian places in the neighborhood) and when i say measured I mean smaaaaall.  OK, I can work with that.  
Speaking of measured drinks:  What's up with this Philly? You know, the black dohicky attached to a nozzle (or something) and placed over the bottle?
I noticed the back room was cleared out for dancing.  It was still fairly early so I did not think the dancing would start until much later.  About five minutes later the disco lights came on and...BOOM BOOM BOOM!  The music was turned on and up and up and up.
Instead of ordering dinner as we'd planned to do, we left.  There was no way either of us were going to sit, chat and try to eat a meal while having extremely loud music pounding at the volume of eleventymillion.  Music? Great. Higher volume music? I'm OK with that too!  This, however was almost deafening and my friend and I had to yell at each other to hear each other. 
As we were leaving a gentleman who was perched at the end of the bar closest to the door gave me total stink eye.  I've seen him there almost every time I've gone but had never spoken to him so I'm not sure what that was about.  My friend informed me he's the owner. Oooooo kay then.the beer selection, is just pitiful.  They have heineken, Yuengling Porter, and I forget what else.  
But the food.  MMMM.
I think the food is better than Dahlak, and quicker.  I don't have to waste an entire night waiting two to three hours for food that is bland at best. 
 I wold rather sit at the bar and enjoy spicy buttered raw meat.  MMM.    Their dishes are well spiced.  Not the best ethipoian I have had, there was a place in NY that was Good, with great sour Injera.  But Gojjo comes close.  Their food has a kick to it, if it says its got a kick to it.  And the people that go their are from the neighborhood so it's nice.  I see people I take the trolley with eating there and its good to see the neighborhood connection.  Dahlek is just too bland and flavorless, but Gojjo doesn't go stingy with the spice.  If I have a problem with the beer list, I call ahead to carry out, and drink better beer while I eat at home.  If I am in a Yeungling mood, I'll go to Gojjo. I still enjoy the food, but I must admit, better beer selection would get them to maybe 3 and a half stars.Get a samosa!  They are hand made and amazing.  If I had my way, I would have five for dinner every night, they are that good!
Love the lamb tibs...get them spicy, out of this world.
Service is spotty at times but it is such a small place that gets so packed, you could imagine not seeing your server for a while.
Drinks are spot on, with the liquor control system.  And there are your typical beers on tap, but many more in bottles.
We come here often on Friday nights to dance and early Saturday nights to get dinner and a few drinks.  Very different crowds each night.
Large groups, small intimate gatherings, Gojjo works for everyone!Yuck. I gave them 3 visits of failing before writing this review. Tonight I got the Vegetarian Platter with very dry, stale injera & although there were supposed to be a variety of items, over half of it was lentils. Three types of lentils is hardly a vegetable combo platter. 
Takeout is always twice as long as they say it will be & eating there takes a lifetime. They are not sure if they are a bar or a restaurant so just don't put enough energy into either.Gojjo is only the second Ethiopian restaurant I've tried in West Philly. Because a group of friends and I went early on a weekday evening, the restaurant was quite empty when we arrived. Even when it's full  though I'm sure it's quite accommodating (in good weather) because there is ample outdoor seating upstairs and in the backyard. The only thing to keep in mind if you choose the outdoor seating option is the mosquitos, as there is plenty of greenery around. The food we ordered (Korniece and Vegetable platter) was on par with what I've had at Ethio cafe, although I'd say the presentation was a notch better.My BF and I shared a combination platter which included doro wot (chicken stew), yebeg wot (lamb stew), and alitcha (mild lamb stew). The platter was the perfect size for 2 people and I would definitely recommend it for any other newbies to Ethiopian food. The real winner for me was the chicken stew. The chicken was so flavorful, tender, juicy, and steaming hot. The full size chicken stew came with a hard boiled egg, I will definitely be getting that next time. The only item I wasn't too keen on was the injera, which is a flat pancake like bread used to pick up the food. It had a strange after taste that kept on building as I ate it. Also worth mentioning were the really cheap craft beer prices. We split a pitcher of an IPA which was a whopping $12. We definitely want to try this place again, probably for take out, and just eat it with regular pita. Is that cheating?My meal here was pretty solid. Me and a friend ordered Lamb Tibs, Curly Fries, and Lentils with Injera. All in all, I thought the food was very good... But the Lamb Tibs were unquestionably the highlight of the meal. The chopati bread here is also dope as hell. The only reason this is a 3 star instead of a four star is because I felt like the place could have been cleaner, service could have been better, and they could have had more in stock.... We tried to order several things at first and they were all unavailable.I'm liking the bar in this place-- fun, usually pretty crowded w/ the neighborhood's ethnic mix.  They have a pretty decent beer selection (nothing super unexpected, but a lot of choices).  The food is fine but not as good as Dahlak, down the street, in my opinion.Food was decent.  Service was slow, but friendly.   Definitely get the sense that there are varying philosophies about how the place should be run.  
We sat out back on the patio, which was nice and quiet.  The place has its challenges, but also is what makes it charming.  Would consider going back, but probably for take out.Ethiopian cheesesteak. And the back patio is nice too. But really, the cheesesteak is truly unique. I will miss it when I leave Philly.One of my favorite neighborhood bars with great food and hospitality. This is a great place on Any day of the week. Friday through Sunday attracts a larger and very mixed crowd. There is a Dj who spins, Caribbean, American, and Afro beats music. It turns into a big dance party which is fun to join in, or if you're shy just sit back and watch. Drinks are affordable as well as the food. Great place to hang out with friends.I really wanted this to be my go-to for neighborhood bar hanging & sports game watching, but no. No go Gojjo. The bathrooms are indeed disgusting, the food is not that great (and I love Ethiopian food), service is slow because server/bartender/busser/runner (they do everything) turnover is high, and the owners are homophobic and racist. Too bad.What a great bar, delicious food, and service was fast and friendly. The bar has a backyard patio where smoking is permitted. It is one of the best in west philly.Their Ethiopian cheese steak is a must!!! Blue ribbon for most unique blend of food genres. Nice wooden atmosphere and really good Ethiopian food. Bar area is pretty too. A little classy looking than the other Ethiopian restaurants.First off, if you want decent Ethiopian food, go to Kaffa! 4423 Chestnut St, Philadelphia, PA 19104, its a nice atmosphere with excellent customer service. I use to love Gojjo, never for their food but more so for the night life. They had and still have great music, mostly West African reggae and okay drinks. That being said, my friends and I have vowed to never return there solely due to the owner's ego! This past weekend, a group of us, about 15-20 of us, went there, we ended up leaving due to the owners terrible attitude. Although customer service isn't something most Habesha (Ethiopian) owners are use too, this guy just took it to another level. So, if you're okay with giving your money to an establishment that will make you feel like shit all while you're getting hit on by someone that's old enough to be your grandfather, go on right ahead to good ol' Gojjo. Never, ever again for my friends and I.Good food for the price. Fast and tasty.
Took one star off for the fact that they double charged me once and refused to fix it, until I brought Bank of America into the situation. The girl at the counter didn't void the transaction properly.
Also, not my favorite injera. I prefer injera with more of a tang to it.Not my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in the area (I'm partial to Kaffa Crossing), but very different atmosphere than most. Super cheap pitchers, lots of loud music, and great service, even on a packed Friday night. My date really enjoyed the Ethiopian cheese steak - I thought the veggie platter was pretty good, but not spectacular. I hear it's a good place to dance, but I've never stayed long enough to check it out.First let's just say this place is probably more of a 3.5...
 We went on a Friday night for dinner. We did not order any mixed drinks so I can't speak as to Gojjo's capabilities there.  We had a very friendly server who was happy to make recommendations and was nothing but delightful.  
The food was good, but not great.  I went with two other people and we had the "Special" lamb tibs, the spicy fish tibs, and the veggie combo.  The veggie combo is the only one I would likely order again.  The lamb tibs were good but the flavor of the lamb didn't blow me away.  One of my friends noted that she much preferred the regular lamb tibs to the special, so I would give that a go. The fish tibs however were a no go.  It wasn't that the fish was bad, per se, but it was tilapia and had slightly bitter edge.  The injera was good and the veggies delicious, but I will have to try the other places around the area to see if anything blows my mind.I was here with a running/drinking club, on-on (bfm.phillyhash.com), and we had some beers, and some food which were all pretty good.  
I had the ethipoian cheese steak, which was a spicer ethopian version of our hometown sandwich, most definetly worth trying...
If I were to rate this place on food alone it would be a four star spot, but considering the not so great service, and the not so great beer selection it gets a 3 star rating, food was awesome though, keep on rock'n it Gojjo...People have said some terrible things about this place so I wasn't sure I wanted to come back. I just know the last time I was here it wasn't that bad. So a friend of mine wanted to come out to west philly (my neck of the woods) for some Ethiopian food. I did want to get back to Gojjo so this was plan A. I read the up to date reviews to see if I could talk myself out of it. Eh, it didn't happen. I really wanted to check out the "secret garden." That was the main thing so we went.
No "secret garden" for us. It was a little more than hot out. So what was different this time around? We received a particularly warm greeting. Honestly, they were really cold my first time in. So anyway, I wanted to sit upstairs then... if not outside, but they say that upstairs is for events only now. Okay, to the dining room then. I got some lamb tibs and curly fries and they had a mojito on the menu so I went for it. (Last time there was no drink menu). This time there's no happy hour. Eh.
Our server said they didn't have the ingredients for it, but that the bartender could recommend something. I said to my friend, that I really had a taste for a caipirinha (and I always do) and that there's no way they would have these here. So the bartender (an attractive Ethiopian girl) comes out and we were mystified. It took all evening for me to figure it out. She had a glow in the dark shirt on that kept snatching our attention. So she says about mojitos, "It's not an Ethiopian drink so the stuff goes to waste, but I could make you a caipirinha if you've heard of it." WHAT!? You mean I have to settle for exactly what I want? Sold. It wasn't EXACTLY a caipirinha (had lemons vs limes), but it was good and it was close. The cachaça is what mattered.
To the food! Err... my tibs came with 1 vegetable... a vegetable I hate (cabbage)! My friend had shrimp or something and GREENS. He's mostly vegetarian so we swapped them. That problem was solved. I feel like I got taken for a ride on the curly fries. I got just a few for $4. Anywhere else you can get a personal pan of them with cheese for that much. Lesson learned. The tibs themselves were pretty good, but a little chewy. I still haven't had the really tender tibs I've been imagining. We even got a basket with 3 extra injera in it. And it wasn't tart at all.
So to weigh this place against the only other Ethiopan food I've had (Kaffa)... Gojjo's injera is better. At Kaffa you get more meal for your money (several vegetables vs 1 for almost the same price). We were told that the other vegetables were a different up-sell on the menu. I must have zoned out when she said that because I was shocked. Overall, it was a cool evening for catching up with a good friend. He was definitely impressed. So next time, I'm going for the Ethio-cheesesteak.
PRO-TIP: There may be truth to the high turnover. Our waitress said she had been there for only a week. She was good though. I hope they don't break her spirit.The ownership is a disaster.
I saw the owner ask a patron to leave simply because he claimed he did not like the way the patron looked at him!!
Yes, it's an Ethiopian ownership and the owner is Ethiopian, but in the US this is no run a business!  Yikes!Well, I'm basing this off of my experience last night, which was great! Watched the dnc speeches and ate a really good hoagie! Beer was flowing by the pitcher. Service is the only thing that could have been better- was just a little slow but still friendly.Cheap eats...ok customer service. They've cleaned up the place a lot since the early 2000s. Sadly, it attracts more gentrifiers. We sat outside which was nice. The outside area and tables could be cleaner. I love their doro wat, Ethiopian spaghetti, and the Ethiopian chicken cheesesteak. The samosas are just ok.Picked up ethiopian cheese steaks here because I was told they were amazing....and they definitely lived up to the hype. While they were a tad on the salty side, they were mouth wateringly delicious. I ate the entire thing and I'm just a small 5 foot asian girl. :)  My only compliant is that we live far away from it...but that's not the restaurant/bar's fault!Although Gojjo is higher priced than some Ethiopian in West Philly, it has more flavor. I came here with a group of 5 and we order a bunch of random dishes. Everything was to a nice spice level. It gave a nice burn without overpowering your taste buds. Their injera is a bit stiffer than other places, but it helps when you are picking up the food. The service is a bit slow, but they make up for time in flavor.My local 'hood bar and I couldn't be happier.  This doesn't feel like a bar in Philly or even America.  I feel like this is a great bar in a cool town outside of a big city in another country like Argentina.  Such a diverse crowd of people, no pretentious hipsters, great food, great prices, and such a fun place go wild on the dance floor!  No judgement there!  One of my favorite places in Philly.  Nothing fancy just all good atmosphere and people.Drinks are small but I like to dance and I like it do it in low-pressure environments very close to my apartment. On Friday evenings I gorge myself and get wine-wasted on my own wine at Ethio Cafe then stumble down to Gojjo for some soukous, reggae and other trans-Atlantic musics. It works for me...Not experienced in Ethiopian food, I've only had it one other time when I was in college.  Nice waitress/bartender (there was only 1 person working besides the kitchen staff) who was friendly.  The food - REALLY SPICY! Maybe I'm not used to it but my vegetarian shiro was sooooo spicy (and salty) and the boyfriend's gored gored was too!  The waitress laughed and said it wasn't spicy though... O_o
Decent selection of beers (she told us they used to carry Ethiopian beers, but not anymore), worth the experience.  I'm not sure Ethiopian is quite my thing, but it wasn't bad, either.I love Ethiopian food! The idea of it just makes me feel special and eclectic! The bread is very distinctive,and has an usual texture, which goes well with the hearty vegetables chicken dishes. Gojo is awesome! It has a nice ambiance and I think they expanded, so you can sit outside and eat in the warmth of a summer evening. Bonus! The beer is always cold and the service is always attentive. I don't share some of the criticisms about the service and the demeanor of the waitstaff. Andrea, who is the hostess and server is awesome and very warm. I can understand how some would find the service problematic and the attitudes of some the staff to be off-putting, this may be attributable to dinner and happy hour rush periods.  But overall, this place is good! Not as expensive as if we're somewhere like Center City.The management of this establishment don't respect women and the autonomy of their bodies. 
A group of friends of mine were celebrating a birthday party on the upstairs level of this bar, and since there was no bartender upstairs we had to go downstairs to buy drinks. 
A very intoxicated man made unwanted advances to a friend of mine and touched her multiple times. She told him she wasn't interested and to stop touching her and told the management about the situation. 
The management did not immediately kick this man out of the bar and a fight almost ensued as a result. 
Why he wasn't kicked out I do not understand. Never in my life have I heard of bar management "trying" to kick someone out or "working on" kicking an offending or highly intoxicated patron out of a bar. That is code for "we don't really care that he's done this to you, but we're trying to save face". That's what was told to us when we asked why he was still sitting at the bar, trying to order drinks. 
I will never be returning to this establishment, and I'm going to tell anyone and everyone I can never to return as well. There are other Ethiopian restaurants with bars in the neighborhood where you can be more certain that if you are touched inappropriately by a stranger, the management will act accordingly.I go to Gojjo for drinks all the time, ate Ethiopian food here for the first time 11-7. Pleasantly surprised at how tasty it was. I've eaten at some of the other Ethiopian restaurants and have one particular fave but Gojjo just gave them competition. My only complaint is the price. Far too pricey in comparison to others. Food was fantastic nonetheless. Drinks are always great too. I like Gojjo because it's popular but not too popular and not overcrowded.First time here. Loved the Ethiopian vegetarian platter!! Service was great!! Different cuisine.  Never ate  with my fingers that way.  A treat!!I come here mainly for the dancing and to get Tusker beer.  It's a good place to meet up with friends and dance after going to Noche or other clubs in Center City where they play that whack ass pop music of today.  Always guaranteed a great time for me and my boyfriend!I live in the neighborhood and it *was* one of my favorite places to have a drink and a bite after getting off the trolley in the evening for a long time.
The service went from really good to crap inside a few months.
I was there last night with friends.  The bartenders looked angry. Not unhappy but down right angry.  We were cool, we understand everyone has bad days.  No, no.  I think these barkeeps just didn't like their job at all.  
Getting our first drinks was relatively quick.  Getting a 2nd drink - 15 minutes.  We were sitting AT the bar in full view of the bartenders.  30 minutes (I'm being nice, I'm pretty sure it was more) to get food.  
The music became incredibly loud.  Now when I say loud, I mean ear splitting loud.  It's not a club, it's a restaurant bar but the downstairs back room was cleared out for dancing.  Great!  The music doesn't have to be warehouse-sized-club loud.  We couldn't hear each other speak.  We were actually yelling at each other and decided to bail.  
We requested our checks.  The surely bartenders both botched our checks by a lot.  When we asked both of them what the random charge was on our checks were.  One bartender looked clueless; total blank/surly stare on her face.  The other angrily snapped "I don't know." 
WTF?  
I contemplated leaving no tip but I can't do that.  I worked in the service industry so I left one anyway but no where near as generous as I usually do.
I'll be taking my local bar and food business to another Ethiopian spot in the neighborhood.  Yeah, that other one with friendlier and faster service.  No more Gojjo. No more!Walking in to the place you wouldn't think it was a restaurant, an old looking building with a wooden bar taking up most of the room.  Upstairs or behind the bar there is seating for the restaurant.  
I ordered the Tibs and my friend ordered the Lamb stew.  Tibs are just a saute of meat with chunks of bell pepper, onion, and collard greens.  There was also a bed of cabbage, carrots, and other veggies with a slight hint of butter, cooked perfectly.  It came on an enormous plate with an even larger piece of injera bread on top.  We also got a basket of injera which was more than enough food for two.
The food was awesome, I only deduct a star for the ambience, it seemed like two different worlds with the college kids getting drunk in the next room, however that's to be expected in West Philly.Dahlak is better atmosphere and food in my opinion, but Gojo's bar, as noted by Nina, is big and nice. Plus, Gojo has the upstairs going for it-- where there's a pool table and a big-screen TV for sporting events. Me and a few other Boston expats watched the 2004 ALCS here, when the Sox came back from 3 games down to win it and make history. After game 7, I ordered a bottle of champagne to celebrate, and the owner gave us a second bottle on the house-- that 's service. So even though I prefer Dahlak, Gojjo is a great place to visit too-- despite the fact they go through barstaff like a cop goes through donuts. Check it out.I'm sorry. As a stand - alone restaurant/bar this might be a pretty good place, but when it exists in a neighborhood with two other ethiopian food/bar combos, it should be stepping things up a bit more. Gojjo just doesnt stand up to the competition. Dalak has better ambience and wonderfully friendly staff, and the paradise in the back and outside is a better stocked bar, with the added bonus of outdoor seating. Abyssinia has much better food with the best bar in west philly sitting on top of it. 
Go here and try it to make your choice, but in my humble opinion, Gojjo doesnt hold a candle to the other two west philly ethiopian institutions.Me and my girlfriend went here the other night to see my friends band play. Apparently every Sunday night they have jazz bands play here. Pretty Cool.  The bands play upstairs right next to the room where they have that Billiard type game where they knock over those little tiny pins(if anybody know what I am talking about). Before we saw any bands we ate in the back room downstairs. I forgot what it was that we got, but my girlfriend got something vegetarian, and I had something with meat cubes and finely chopped collard greens. The doughy spongy bread like stuff that  they had was not as sour as I have had it at other places. I kinda enjoy the dough less sour. The ice tea was tasty as well. The meal was A-OK in my book. Nice and filling. I will definitely go back here.Hands down serves the best off-shoot of the city's most popular culinary delicacy - - the Ethopian Cheesesteak! Makes me drool just typing it. Get one, feel the spicy kick and dab your sweaty brow with a napkin. Mmm mmmCheck it. This place is pretty good. Its consistent, and that's got to count for something. They have good drink specials many nights, decent food (I think its just as good as some of the other joints on the street) and its got a few different vibes. They've got an upstairs jawn with a dj playing every now and again, they've got a downstairs jawn with a big TV for you Phillies or Eagles fans, and they've got the outdoor area dubbed the "Oasis". I am saying. It is a true Oasis. You've got to see it for yourself.
The service is pretty slow. If you've eaten at any other Ethiopian restaurant, this should be expected.I like this place and the atmosphere. I even like the fact that they literally kick you out at closing. I will come back since it's around the corner. Be aware of Moroccan men who will sneak kiss you!!! He got me!I recently ate at Gojjo for the first time and really enjoyed it.  I went with some friends who had eaten there before, but it was my first time eating Ethiopian food.
I got the sampler dish and split it with my girlfriend.  For $20 we stuffed ourselves with a chicken leg, a lamb dish, a beef dish, another chicken dish, spicy lentils, and of course, njera bread.
Great food and I loved the patio area.  Looking forward to going back.you still get 3 stars because your bar has no particular  "vibe" at all but damn, that Ethiopian cheese steak is dope. And the new bar tender is dope too.I've had better Kitfo, Doro Wat. Was expecting better from the reviews.
 It's a bar and popular on some nightsI think, in order to understand and appreciate eating here there may be a few things necessary. 
Know that this has been in operation since 1996 as a neighborhood gathering place. 
Know that the food is delicious but only part of the experience. The bar, the dining room, the outiside porch also add to what makes this place special.
Know that if you are looking for spectacular service (in that your every need is met and you are doted on according to your view of dining in order for the owner and the wait-staff to make money) you will be disappointed. This isn't an establishment that has been constructed to prove themselves superior in the Philadelphia food scene.
This is a neighborhood place for which you can come with friends, family and others and eat delicious Ethiopian food, drink from a simple bar and enjoy hanging out in the neighborhood. As the night wears on, during the weekends, music begins to play and people begin to dance and drink and party into the morning.
I've been coming here since I moved to West Philly in 1997. I love it....because I appreciate it. Because there is so much to appreciate.I echo some of the reviews, and especially about the cheesesteak. I wasn't that impressed with the Ethiopean dishes although I didn't think they were bad. One day, I tried their cheesesteak. And I can't seem to get it out of my mind. Something addictive is in there (the Ethiopean sauce that's spicy in a not-tobasco sauce-like way). There's nothing that's distinctive about it as a cheesesteak (no fancy vegetables or anything), but it's that sauce they use while cooking the meat. Worth trying out. As a bar, I really do find it quite comfortable. Laid-back although it's not a dive.Eh. This is a pretty ok place. The people who own it are nice, and I love the new garden addition that they added last summer - definitely makes it more of a destination in the summer. The beer list is pretty blah, though, and the food is only ok, vegetarian-wise.  Gojjo has been good to me, though, in years when I didn't have a tv - I've watched many a presidential debate on their HUGE upstairs bar tv.I know nothing about Ethiopian food. I actually know so little that the only reason I knew how to eat my meal was because someone else was eating the same (or a similar) thing before my plate came to me. It may sound ridiculous but when I looked at the menu I felt some anxiety.
The food wasn't great, and I couldn't even tell you what I ordered. It was good enough that I'd like to check out some more Ethiopian food in the future (especially since I know how to eat it now).This is by far the best Ethiopian restaurant in West Philly. I've been to both Queen of Sheba and Kaffa, but hands down, Gojo is the best. The injera is always fresh and the meats are always tender and flavorful. I recommend their Vegetable Combination and then add other meat dishes to it. The wait staff is good and their beers are decent. It's a no frills type of place so go, eat, and be merry.The lamb stew was tasty, but it was downhill from there.  The injera seems to have less teff than at other restaurants.  At least, I think that's why it lacks the 'sour' kick that I enjoy so much in other injera.  This injera was bland.  
Worst of all, some of the veggies in my veggie platter were CANNED!  The string beans were definitely not fresh, and in the center of my injera was a pile of mixed vegetables (like the nasty can of Veg-all that I keep in my emergency kit next to bandages and candles).  I was really upset by that, especially since the samosa appetizers seemed fresh and tasted good.  
Other veggie items like shiro peas were okay, but after the two canned items I was suspicious. Were those collards fresh or frozen chipped collards?  Whom can I trust.
I will say that the servers were enthusiastic and very sweet.  We were served quickly and they were attentive.  The restaurant is nice, clean, and has a good bar.  But without good food, none of that matters to me.  I'll stick to Almaz Cafe for good Ethiopian food.I ate here once, before I was adventurous enough to try Ethiopian food. I made the mistake of getting a pita, yeckkk, to say the least. But I've heard the Ethiopian food is pretty good (stress ethiopian not middle-eastern), about as good at Dahlak down the block but not even within shouting range of Abyssinia's.
If you can't tell I never eat here. The drinks are cheap, the area in the back becomes a nice little dance floor on the weekends, there are 2 big tv's to watch the games, and did I mention the drinks are cheap?
Just don't order a long island iced-tea, it's made from a mix (yecckk, and they aren't even hard to make)Don't go near this place with a ten foot pole.
Bad service aside, I'd add some health concerns and bigoted viewpoints of owners on the list of why not to frequent this place. As noted in other reviews this place is a revolving door of bartenders/servers. This means a lot of time the servers aren't familiar with what's on the menu and don't know how to mix basic drinks. They are often overworked and service can be very slow as they have the job of being a bartender, server, food runner, host, busser and stocker all in one and often I've noticed they only have one person on staff to fill all these positions for the entire restaurant yet the owner is sitting at the bar doing nothing. 
A few things to consider before going here - 
-Because they use automatic pourers and the bottles are always open and exposed to the air FRUIT FLIES GET IN THE LIQUOR - they then STRAIN the liquor, remove the flies, and return the same liquor to the bottles. Often they don't get around to it and people wind up with flies in their drinks. I have gotten drinks with flies in them here. It's no wonder the health department recently shut them down for a few days.
-I ordered a magic hat vinyl spring seasonal. It was seasonal all right - FROM LAST YEAR'S SEASON!!!!  I told the bartender it was expired by a year and she told me they do that cause usually no one notices and they can save money.
The owners routinely make a variety of bigoted comments - from specifically telling bartenders they're too fat and need to lose weight, to saying that transgender people are "wrong"  and making threats of violence against them. They have said prejudiced comments about american black people. They have also endorsed the mass murder of jews. I have heard them say each one of these things but cannot post the actual quotes due to yelp's rules on hate speech. Enchanted yet? 
After all these experiences I gave up. Gojjo's is no longer getting my business.
Their bathrooms are disgusting. Their food isn't that great (Check out Abysinia instead). There are other ethiopian bars with outdoor seating in the summer (Dahlak). They do have dancing on the weekends - but you're out of luck if you don't want a bunch of skeezy dudes groping you/grinding up on you and good luck on the 20+ min wait to get a drink on fri and sat! All in all, I'd say your money and time would be better spent somewhere else.$6 for a Yuengling, $6.75 for Kenzinger (bottle), $8 for some draft beers. Overpriced compared to last time I visited. Was disappointed when I invited many friends to celebrate a birthday and found the bill to be so much. Place is understaffed, too - feel bad for them. Friend enjoyed his Ethiopian cheesesteak though.I kind of don't want to say this because I think the reason it's so relatively peaceful in the back is because people don't know about it. But in my opinion, this is one of the best back porch eating places. It's like your hanging out in your good friend's backyard in West Philly enjoying food and a couple of beers. Like home, but better. And the food makes it special.I am not a fan of eating with my hands, but the food was pretty decent.  There may be better Ethiopian restaurants around...  Samosas are delicious!Only came for drinks, but enjoyed our time here. There is TouchTunes which is nice, but also felt too quiet when people weren't playing anything (nice to have some music on in the background). Pretty good beer selection - including some draft options and lots of bottles. I'd like to come back for food and maybe try one of the Ethiopian beers.Gojjo's food has shifted around a lot over the years, and now I'm happy to say that it's pretty tasty. The veggie combo was the best deal on Baltimore Ave, but the price has climbed from$8 to $11 to $14. Other drawbacks: 1) Sportsbar vibe, but this can be averted by sitting out back or upstairs; 2) Overworked waitstaff who have to do double duty as bartenders (or is that the other way round?) Your best bet: Order takeout AND leave a little tip to compensate for mediocre working conditions. Bon appetite.My first Ethiopian dining experience was at Gojjo. Some late night food was necessary and I am always willing to try something delicious and new. I tried the spicy beef and chicken w/ veggies. I will have to say that i like my veggies FRESH and these were not.....which sucks......but overall, it wasnt a bad dining experience...but i know there is a lot better. They have a full bar, accept credit cards, and friendly staff.
PS Big screen @ downstairs barEverything here is microwaved. The owner cooks all the food at home and they pop it in the microwave upon orders. 
I know this for a fact because I am a former employee. 
And all the previous reviews that talk about the racist sexist owners are correct. I endured so many racist comments I can't even count them. It's one thing to be a racist-another to openly express racist sexist and homophobic comments out in public at your own place of business. 
I even had an incidence once where an older man (a regular) tried to convince me to be his whore (yes people.) guess who was sitting next to him listening as this whole convo went down? The owner (the wife). Didn't say a word to him or me, at that moment or later. 
I'd never give these people my business unless they were the last source of food left on earth and I was starving to death.We tried Gojjo for dinner & it has solid Ethiopian food. 
*** The Vegetarian combo platter was not bad. Some dishes were tastier than others, but the combo was pretty good. Each dish was different from the next, which was good. (3 stars)
***^ Bozena Shiro, had chunks of meat in a delicious, richly flavoured sauce. (3.5 stars)
Service was good.
The only tables available were on the first floor. The table had plenty of space. The music was extremely loud & it was difficult to have a conversation.The owner is not good - has withheld tips from, basically had abusive relationships with employees. The food is fine, the drinks are overpriced. Bottom line is don't go here if you don't want to support an owner who doesn't care to treat workers decently.Service was incredibly slow, but I got the impression it was a bit unusual the night we went. My husband and I are in town for a rally and to visit old friends, so the wait with pleasant company was no bother. 
Everybody ordered the cheese steak, and they were tasty indeed. I felt like such a local going to a place that you have to "be in the know"about. There's a thrill in that. Heck,I even ate some of the fries and I almost never eat fries. These looked and tasted so fresh, I went for it. You can really tell how clean they keep their oil.I've been going to this bar/restaurant for at least 13 years. Tonight the service was super slow but the food was delicious. I really wish they would get consistency in their service. Sometimes it's great but other times it's awful. The food is always great though.Great Ethiopian food for a bar hang! We ordered the vegetarian platter, featuring 6 different dishes and big enough for two. My favorites were the yellow lentils, yemisir watt, and gomen, but honestly all of it was tasty and the injera was perfectly made. 
They told us that there was a big delay in food orders, but we ended up only waiting 45 minutes, not bad. The table next to us waited an hour and half, though. So be ready to wait! In the meantime, order a pitcher and just chill in the bar area. 
Not bad prices for what you get. Enjoy this gem!Get the honey wine! Salmon and rice dish is well seasoned and not too spicy. I enjoy the chill environment and seasoned food. The honey wine I drink there and take a bottle home. Be sure to check them out.. don't pass em byI really wanted the Gojjo to be great. I want every restaurant in my neighborhood to be great but Gojjo especially because I need a great Ethiopian restaurant within walking distance.  Unfortunately, I think I set my hopes to high. 
Gojjo is probably great for catching a beer and a snack during happy hour but isn't the best for an actual sit-down meal. 
My friend and I ordered the same thing (boring I know): a lentil samosa and the special lamb tibs spicy.  The injera was great and the food was okay but it wasn't that special. I think I just have a really high expectation for Ethiopian food since I was a bit disappointed by Dahlak as well. Overall the meal was fine but just very basic. Our total meal + a drink each was about $40. 
I recommend checking the bar out during happy hour and maybe ordering something at the bar. I'll be back but not for a sit-down dinner.Delicious food, friendly staff, quick service, very clean. I live in fishtown and intend to make a trek on foot if needed to make Gojjo a regular in my rotation.