Great quick, healthy-ish lunch option in restaurant row of the Whole Foods. 
I go here if they are slow to turn the hot bar over after breakfast, which is often. My only critique is that I feel like everything is a little over-spiced. Mama's Vegetarian is still wayyyy better IMHO.I stopped in to Goldie today to try it out since I saw the great reviews, and love falafel. My boyfriend and I each got a falafel pita with harissa and a side of the shawarma fries. The flavors were really great and tasty, although I did find something in the pita to be a tad bit salty-which is very rare for me as I love salt! Maybe it was the harissa? The fries were great and we both loved the seasoning and the sauce that they came with. We also go the banana tahini shake...SOOO good! It is so thick and creamy, we were amazed that it is dairy free and totally vegan! Must come back to try more flavors!!Great falafel sandwich with schug. I like it better than the salad. For the price, it is a great option for a quick take out dinner.First time had the falafel with spicy sauce (can't remember name of sauce. Long line (at 8pm closing time) but courteous and friendly staff.  Tahini milk shake was worth a try, I had original. Was good but I think I'll like banana better... will order that next time!This place is just so good...I really wasn't expecting a falafel salad or banana tahini smoothie to be so ridiculously delicious but they were!Everything was super fresh and amazing. I had the falafel salad. The flavors are perfect and bright. Just enough sour and just enough salty with right amount of herbs. The falafel is the best I've ever had. Get it with a side of harissa sauce. Unnnnghhhhh yummmmmmm!!
Absolutely the best choice for a vegetarian eating in at Whole Foods. I've found the vegetarian options at the rest of the Whole Foods kiosks to be pretty blah.Pretty good falafel.  I liked it.  My go-to is still the Greek guy over by 20th and Market (assuming he is still there), but this was good.  I'd go back.The best falafels I have ever had. The sauces and pickles were flavorful. Personally, I did not enjoy the tehina shakes. My only critique is that they do not provide any place to recycle nor reusable utensils/bowls.turkish coffee tahini milkshake is literally one of the best food items i've ever had. please dear god open a NY location.I could just write "Banana Tahini Shake" and leave it there. It's amazing - topped with crumbled animal crackers and served through a pipe-like straw. Amazing. I wish they came in extra-extra large. The falafel sandwiches are terrific, especially with the spicy sauce. And the staff is so nice! They're always busy and on the run, yet take the time to make sure you have all you need.If you've never tried a Tahina Milkshake, do it! When I saw this menu item, I did not hesitate. The Turkish Coffee was recommended so that's the one I tried and it was absolutely incredible.I've visited the original Goldie location a couple of times and I am a big fan! However, I am not a big fan of parking in center city. Luckily, there is a Goldie (AND a dizengoff!)  in the WF food court. 
I was there around 1:30pm but there was still a big line. Unfortunately, the food court is very tightly spaced and there are baby strollers everywhere waiting to take you down, but that's not their fault. 
Today I got the harissa falafel sandwich and shawarma fries. I thought the food was pretty much on point with what you get at the original location (i.e., very good.) The falafel is wonderfully light and the pita is very soft and thick. The harissa sauce was on the saltier side.. it probably would have tasted more balanced if it had a little bit more vegetables. 
It came out at a reasonable speed despite how busy it was. They give you buzzers to know when your order is up. The woman at the register seemed stressed and seemed a bit annoyed with her job. The two cooks appeared a bit frazzled too. 
I don't think I would recommend taking the sandwich to go, as the crispy falafel is best eaten ASAP and the sauce would probably make the pita soggy.Great fresh pita, tasty felafel! The Israeli Salad, cabbage and tahini make a delicious mix. A fair priced delicious lunch.So so falafel- overpriced too. It's just dry, not that flavorful and they are stingy with the already small balls. Too bad - I was looking forward to this place opening in Whole Foods/Amazon. I really like the sister restaurant there- although also overpriced...
Also, the hours really suck! Why do they close at 7pm?We were in Philly for a short period of time and went into Whole Foods just to grab a snack. To our surprise, we found an incredible food hall. I had six falafel balls with a sauce - I can't recall which sauce it was now. They were the best falafel I've ever had. My friend had a tehina milkshake. We're still talking about the falafel and shake two months later!
Goldie - please find your way to NYC like Dizengoff did! :)Goldie is the best! 
I've had their falafel salad at their Franklin's Table location. It has delicious falafels, fresh mint, sunflower seeds and beets. The falafel here is super fresh and flavorful! I cannot wait to try their pita sandwiches. 
At this location I tried their tahini shakes! We had the original shake. It was so good! At first, it was very sesame seed forward and then the sweetness hit me. Seriously 10/10. Super delicious and original.Salty. Falafel is real small, over cooked and no flavor. They gave us a tiny side of falafel for 3 salads. When I asked for another one, she made the biggest deal and gave me a tiny amount that barely did anything. Really!!??  The salad was wet..mushy..not freshAmazing vegetarian foods! Very quick and friendly service. I highly recommend the falafel sandwich.Please open more of these.  This falafel sandwich is great. Crunchy veggies, perfectly fried falafel, and interesting sauce.  Goldie also makes fantastic fries and you can get them with shwarma spice (why you would choose not to is beyond me).  They come with ketchup, but its not crappy Heinz.  This ketchup isn't overly sweet and has a very nice tang to it.  To complete your Goldie trifecta, get a tahina shake, preferably the Turkish coffee.  This is what I want milkshakes to taste like.  Sweet, but not too much and with some interesting texture.Omggg the falafel is so good here. And they're so patient when you're trying to decide what tahini sauce you'd like. The only thing i didn't like was the ketchup with the fries. It takes like curry but if you like curry you'll love itWow, now I don't know whether Luhv or Goldie is my favorite moderate/fast food vegan place.  As impressive as Luhv is, I think Goldie is even better.  I simply have never had falafel this good.  In fact, I went a few years not being sure I even liked falafel, because at other restaurants, it is so heavy and bland.  Goldie's falafel is crisp, light, and delicious.  I loved it served atop Goldie's salad, which featured mint leaves, beets, chopped cucumber, delicate salad greens, and a drizzle of tahini.The sign by the digital register says debit and credit cards only. Next to it is a tip jar with cash in it. John Belushi as Falafel Chef would make a perfect skit of this place. I might come back after July 1st when they have to take cash.Loved the food, salad was great, fries were better, and the tehina milkshake was the best. Will return here again.If you ever told me that I'd be going to a grocery store just to eat, I'd think you're crazy. But alas, this is what I've been known to do these days at this amazing Whole Foods location. And with the addition of Goldie recently, I finally get to try Michael Solomonov's more recent food expansions in Philly. I've bookmarked the original Goldie location since it's opened, but I just never got around to trying it--thank you Whole Foods for solving my problem! 
Now, to the food...holy falafel! Goldie is all sorts of yum and then some! I ordered the falafel with the schug tahini and an order of plain fries. My fresh pita was loaded with ample fried balls of goodness and perfectly balanced with a cucumber and tomato (Israeli?) salad. It was so freaking good! The schug flavored tahini was explained to me as a Serrano chili sauce I believe, and it added the perfect amount of heat. As for the fries, even plain, they were sooooo good! The fries were nice and crispy and very fresh. I can't wait to try more items off their menu.Great falafel sandwich. The balls are nice and crispy outside, soft and flavorful inside, with a surprising green color on the interior. Cucumber, tomato, and cabbage salad with tzatziki all wrapped in a tasty pita...yum. And a good value with the combo...plenty of food for $12. The optional seasoning on the fries is tasty but in my opinion could use more salt. Easy to fix. The dip for the fries is tasty too. The turmeric lime soda tasted mostly of turmeric to me, but that was interesting too. Worth the try if you crave falafel! Good service as well.I'm on the hunt for the best falafel sandwich in town. Not quite sure I've found the one yet. I read several reviews about Goldie and which items to purchase. So I stopped by Whole Goods to try a falafel sandwich, fries, and Turkish Coffee tahini shake. 
     The shake, definitely 5 stars, you can barely taste the tahini. I will be purchasing another the next time I'm there. The falafel balls were good, green and parsely full on the inside, nice and crisp on the outside. The pita bread was a bit too thick for a sandwich. So thick that it had taken away the flavor of the salad and falafel inside. I end up eating the inside of the pita with a fork and breaking off pieces of the bread  to eat. The bread was soft and warm just a little too bready inside. Next time I'll probably get the salad, with pita on the side. The fries were really short. So short I could barely dip them in the little ketchup cup. They were like little fry niblets with great seasoning.  
   I would definitely eat at Goldie again. I'll just be changing my order around a little. My plan was to eat and then grab a donut from Federal donuts, but I was sooo full the thought of donuts had disappeared.Goldie is just okay. The falafel could be a lot crisper and the "harissa" sauces primary flavor seems to be salt, can barely taste any of the pepper, heat, or smokiness you typically get from Harissa. Also for some reason m, here they toss the Palestinian salad in whatever sauce you ordered. So the typical Palestinian salad that usually brings coolness and freshness to a falafel sandwich was made into nothing but a salt bomb due to the sauce. The one positive was the pita which was fluffy and delicious! Goldie is lifted up as a competitor to Mamas but they're not even in the same league! Don't be disappointed, just go to MamasThe falafel is so good the best in Philly 
Their dairy free tahini shakes is DeliciousThis is the first Goldie I've been to (have yet to try the one on Sansom street), but the falafel is out-of-the-park delicious. They have a few styles to choose from, all great, though I tend to get the hottest (spicewise). They are a good deal and VERY filling.
This is Israeli style and is 100% on-point.
Can't recommend enough.First time ever eating here. I tried it since the abysmal lunch offerings at the salad bar left me disappointed.  I ordered a falafel sandwich and fries. Everything was fantastic. The spice in the fries was sweet and flavorful. The falafel sandwich was perfect. The staff very friendly. Now that I discovered this nook of while foods, I'll save myself the time and disappointment of roaming the hot/cold bar and head straight to the restaurants.Delicious falafel sandwiches.  The falafel is flavorful and fresh, the sauce is creamy, and the pita is some of the best in the country.  Check out the tehina shakes for dessert.  I had the original and loved it.As convenient as Goldies is to purchase at WholeFoods, I personally don't recommend if you're like me who cares a lot about the quality and quantity you get. I've always loved the fresh beets and generous portion you got in store with the nuts and salad ratio. But at whole foods, all I got was 90% salad and 10% dried up beets with some sunflower seeds sprinkled on top. Definitely tasted a quality difference in freshness of ingredients, but at least the falafel still got its kick. 
All in all, convenience or a super satisfying salad? We all have our preferencesWent around noon on a Sunday and the food was in my hands within 10 minutes. Got a schug sandwich, shwarma-spiced fries, a sour cherry iced tea, and original tehina shake. The falafels were perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The pillowy pita and salad created a delicious sandwich with perfectly balanced textures and flavors. Fries were excellent with the spices--the tangy, house made ketchup was a perfect pairing. Tea was refreshing but the shake stole the show. It was a brilliant blend of nondairy milk, dates, and tahini that somehow achieved the taste of an ice cream shake. The combo + shake was a sufficient sampling for two. Bon appétit!Solid as always!
I've been to the Center City location and was on this side of town so it's access on the second floor of Whole Foods was clutch. The menu is basically the same as the original location - simple and completely vegan. 
It was a busy afternoon so there was a bit of a line before I could place my order. The process is fairly simple, and once order is in place, you wait for the attendants to call your name for pick up or eat in. 
I ordered the combo - Turkish shake, falafel salad, and shawarma fries - all for $15 - not a bad deal! 
I found the salad fresh and fulfilling. The lemon dressing adds the right amount of acid to the greens and falafel. The Turkish shake, as always, was solid - so good (even if not exactly good for you haha), and the fries were fresh from the fryer seasoned just right with the shawarma spice! 
Overall - great experience and glad I was able to make it to this location and to learn it keeps to the reputation of the original location. Will definitely be back!Yum!! It's hard for me to pass up Mediterranean/Israeli food, so when walking through the food court section at Whole Foods, I immediately knew this was going to be my lunch.  
My husband and I both ended up ordering the same thing - the Falafel sandwich. He put regular tahini dressing on his, and I opted for the Harissa sauce - this hit of spice was the perfect accompaniment to this beautiful sandwich.  Super cheap at $8, it's falafel in a warm delicious pita pocket, with tehina, Israeli Salad, and Cabbage.  Simple, delicious, fresh, and flavorful!  I'd order this again and again!
Goldie is part of the CookNsolo Restaurant Family, which includes one of my all-time favorites, Zahav! Other restaurants in this family are Abe Fisher, Federal Donuts, Dizengoff, and The Rooster.I'm usually not a falafel fan but this place has converted me. All of the falafels I've ever had were always so dry but Goldie's falafels have a perfectly crispy outer shell and a soft, never dry filling. I've tried the salad and the harrisa sandwich here and both were excellent. But let's be real, the true star is the TEHINI SHAKE. It's life changing and worth the trip to Goldie alone. It's like a milkshake but better because of the oh so creamy, nutty and incredibly addictive flavors of the tehini. If you love the black sesame shake/soft serve from Matcha Love then this will be right up your alley. The tehini shake is definitely a sweet treat and too many may possibly give you diabetes but yolo!There's now a fricking Goldie here! 
I'm actually kind of angry that if I stayed in the neighborhood, I would be less than a minute away from a tehina shake. 
I think there has to be a Cook and Solomonov food combination equivalent to a Philly Taco? But less disgusting?The falafel salad was way too salty! I felt like they dropped a whole damn salt shaker inside. The only redeeming quality was the sweet beets that counteracted the salt. The dressing was pretty creamy and tasty but alas the salt content ruined the dish.Goldie offers Mediterranean food at reasonable prices.  They are located in the downtown Philadelphia Whole Foods Market.  I get the falafel sandwich and a sour cherry iced tea.  All for about $10.  It's a must stop if your hungry while shopping at Whole Foods.  Also try their tehina shakes.  They are fantastic!!!Visited Philly for a week and came here twice for their vegan tahini milkshakes. So unbelievably tasty - get this to treat yourself or just because! 
I tried the Turkish coffee and mint chocolate chip flavors and definitely preferred the former because it was not as sweet.Absolutely amazing. Not only is the food delicious and fresh and healthy, but the customer service is fantastic. My family and I have ordered catering from Goldie's twice for family events. My sister and I were taken care of by Sara the second time we picked up catering and she was so genuinely kind and helpful!!I don't usually eat at places inside grocery stores but my friends could not stop gushing about this place and their tehina milkshakes. They know i'm obsessed with milkshakes and couldn't wait for me to try it. All I can say is that my fear of ever becoming lactose intolerant was eased a lil by the creamy dreamy taste of their chocolate tehina shake. I wouldn't have believed it was dairy free had they not said something. The milkshake alone deserves 5 stars but then we had the falafel and shawarma spiced fries w/tehina ketchup and it just solidified this spots platinum status in my books. Every time I go back to Philly, I will most definitely be hitting this spot up.Staff were super nice. But, food quality seems to have gone down a lot. Hummus is just ok. Falafel's seem to have both shrunk in size and lost flavor. Isn't the same as it was. 
(Also, the shop adds an additional 10% supplemental charge before tips.  If prices are too low, raise prices... supplemental charge just feels sneaky.)Excellent food but the worst customer service - EVERYTIME!!!!!
I think its the culture there as people working downstairs at the coffee shop have the same worst attitude towards their customer. I ordered a Falafel Sandwich and Falafel Salad and the lady taking order said she will call my name and to that i said dont you guys have that vibrating fob that shows red color and vibrates once your order is ready ? She bluntly said ohh its for the restaurant other side - other side meaning they share same space with another restaurant DIZENGOFF - I said why is that and to that she didn't had any answer. I also pointed where i was seating as its very crowded every-time - and she said we will call your name. After 30 mins of wait I walk down at pickup area and there it was my hot (cold as ice) falafel sandwich and salad - to which the stupidest people on the earth (people working in there) said to
Me "Ohh we called your name" - yeah right!!!
****WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE****We came here last night before an appointment at Hand & Stone around the corner. We gave ourselves half an hour to eat in the fast-causal environment, which we've done before and it worked out swell. I was so excited to try Goldie since I can never get to the Center City location in time before it closes. I immediately knew what I wanted and ordered the falafel salad and fries. 
It was a disheartening experience, though, because the food took forever. My boyfriend ate his Dizengoff while I picked at it and waited. We became officially late for our appointment, and the food was still not done. When it finally arrived, I asked for it to-go, and the girl apologized profusely. She offered a refund, which I appreciated, but that just meant more waiting and we were already 10 minutes late (which means a 30 minute wait for a small salad and fries!). 
I can't really comment on the food because everything was cold and soggy by the time I (hangrily) ate it at 9 p.m. I'm really bummed about this experience. The previous tenants, Wiz Kid and Cheu, left Whole Foods because it wasn't a good operational fit. Honestly, I'm not sure that Goldie is either. Maybe they are just struggling to handle the demand. Next time, I'll stick to Dizengoff or try the new FedNuts stand here.Two words: tehina shakes! Life changing delicious and seemingly nutritious. Sesame milkshakes are where it's at!I had the falafel with harissa sauce and the shawarma fries. The Israel cabbage with the falafel was extremely well balanced. I highly recommend it.Always coming into Whole Foods like whoa with all the options. I usually go for the hot bar because of the good value, but I was intrigued seeing a Goldie and Dizengoff. Went ahead and decided I wanted a falafel and was not disappointed. Service was great and friendly. The employee suggested a medium spice tehina sauce and I ordered the hessinah (sp) and it perfectly complemented with the pita bread and falafel. The meal itself was perfect for lunch. I am very excited I tried this and would love to try their tehina shakes next time around!Goldie offers Mediterranean food at reasonable prices.  They are located in the downtown Philadelphia Whole Foods Market.  I get the falafel sandwich and a sour cherry iced tea.  All for about $10.  It's a must stop if your hungry while shopping at WF!A friend and I stopped by Whole Foods to grab a snack from Goldie after visiting a nearby museum. We tried the classic hummus, which comes with a seasonal salad and one pita, and the Turkish coffee tehina shake. The hummus was great - smooth and very heavy on tahini (my favorite), and the tehina shake was delicious (the hazelnut halva was a great touch on top). It was a great snack. I'd return if I was near another location in the future.Yes! This is how you get me to eat a salad!
Disclaimer: Review coming from an Israeli-food noob. Not familiar with the cuisine enough to really critique, but will share what I'm liking thus far.
If going vegan means I'll just eat this kind of food all day everyday, then I say: hell yes!
I got the falafel salad, shawarma fries, and Turkish coffee Tehina shake.
Salad ($9): Copy & paste from their website, the salad is..."Built on a base of baby kale and napa cabbage, our salad includes six falafel balls, carrot, beet, marinated green cabbage, cucumber, fresh herbs, za'atar sunflower seeds, a lemon date vinaigrette, and tehina." Never thought I'd voluntarily eat beets and dill, but it turns out I will happily do so when it's dressed with tehina sauce and mixed with all sorts of other healthy goodies.
Only critique is the falafels seem a bit small compared to ones I've had in the past and slightly overcooked. You get a slightly bitter exterior, but the inside is full of soft warm deliciousness. Don't think the falafels alone are worth it (which is a menu option - a bag of 6 for $5), but yummy addition to the salad.
Fries ($3): I'm supposed to be on a diet and totally shouldn't have gotten this, but I am so glad I did! The portion is very reasonable and dare I say generous for $3. They could have been crispier, so not sure that I got a fresh batch, but they're warm fluffy fries seasoned with shawarma spice (including turmeric, cinnamon, and fenugreek). They come with a side of tehina ketchup, but my noob side thought it was sauce for the salad so I mixed it in that.....
Tehina shake ($5): As soon as I took a sip, it was an uh-oh moment because I knew there was no turning back. Bow down to the hazelnut halva! Know Ross's face when he sips Rachel's green drink that Joey offered him in Friends? That same face right here every time I took a sip. Chef's kiss~ I should not go for a second but I want it so bad!
Combo of all 3 saves $1. I think there's a 10% additional service charge. Total after tax was $19.01. 
Definitely a pricey lunch to eat everyday but for once -in-a-while meal, it was delightful! Secretly hoping this is considered "mediocre" Israeli food because as a newbie to the cuisine, this was quite heavenly and I can't wait to explore more into what Israeli cuisine has to offer.At what point are they going to be embarrassed that they are essentially charging 25 cents a fry? The fries are delicious. Yet they cheap out on them constantly. It's not a one time thing. It's all the time the fry bag is half empty.Was so happy to go back to Goldie at Whole Foods.. was I in for a disappointment! Area around Goldie was not clean, plates, cups, food on tables. The humus was ok but a small portion, the dry, undercooked, cold, non crispy, cold falafel was a great disappointment.
The falafel sandwich was dry and also filled with dry and cold falafel. No tahini to be found to make this dish less dry.Super fast, super yum enough said. The falafel sandwiches made with Dizengoff pitas is a must. Staff is super helpful in case you are unsure of what to choose. This place is a must at any of their locations, hands down best falafel I have ever had.I love their fries!! Been here twice and the falafel pita was better on first time. Second time it was a bit wet and cold, maybe too much sauce or something? However the taste was still good! Would go again and definitely recommend.Everything is vegan and everything is awesome. Solomonov is a genius and I am so happy this place is in Philly! We will be frequenting often. Keep the vegan options coming please!Great falafel and awesome tahini shake! I've had the Turkish coffee and the original flavor and I loved both. Definitely give this place a try!Good falafel, but honestly not as amazing as one would expect given the hype. They serve a quality and consistent product but the flavor is by no means on another level. The fries are mediocre. The sauces are pretty good and the shakes are just pretty good as well. Gave them 5 stars cause they're still doing a good job on everything and the place is clean.This place is pretty dope. We tried the falafel sandwich, shawarma spice fries, and Tehani shake - all amazing! The staff was super helpful too. Best in Philly!Great fast food and super cheap! Best falafel I've had so far. The fries are amazing and don't forget the Tahini shake. Mint chocolate chip is my favorite!AMAZING!!!!! Best falafel I've had in Philly! Great service as well! The food comes out super fast as wellA little taste of Israel on Sansom.. well there are a few tastes of Israel on Sansom but it's always welcome :) the coconut shake was by far the best flavor of all my friends and I have tried. The falafel is pretty great too. I do wish there was more seating, although I get that its meant to be a small, in and out place for lunch. But back to the coconut shake... I day dream about it. Let's just leave it at that.The falafel is amazing.. I got a salad which was amazing and light but really regretted not getting the sandwich because looked sooo tasty. But gotta day definitely get a Tehina shake while you're here!! UnrealI think this was the worst meal I have ever had in philly. We got there at 6:00, no fries. The falafel was so cold, mushy and tasteless. Something on my sandwich was so salty that my eyes teared up, I told the guy behind the counter and he just stared at me with a dumb look on his face and said nothing. Just came home from a trip to Tel Aviv, even the rest stops have better falafel than this place. Never against, garbage meal.LOVED the falafel. My falafel sandwich had a great balance of falafel and toppings. I feel like some places give you a couple of falafel balls and then by the time you're mostly finished with the sandwich, you're left with only toppings/fixings at the bottom. I tried the mildest tahini sauce, which ended up tasting divine. I'm sure I'll be back here soon. I gotta try a tahini shake!I'm usually more satisfied with a meal when it has some meat in it but not so with falafel from Goldie! The pita I got had abundant falafel and a wonderfully spicy but not overwhelming harissa sauce. Super filling and super tasty. 
The tehineh shake is also fantastic, and I heard it's dairy free which is crazy considering how decadent it is! 
Fair prices and a great cheap lunch option.Being omnivorous, I love vegetarian meals just as I do livestock and aquatic living sources of food so yesterday I visited Goldie, a vegetarian restaurant and eatery for the first time and I was thoroughly impressed.  The weather was fantastic, Center City was bustling with the Penn Relay crowd, the Fitness Expo crowd, Rittenhouse and many other events going on so places to eat were PACKED. 
 Good to know that I have another location to get healthy food, pleasant service and an interesting atmosphere to enjoy the food life. 
 Goldie is the old Yoka Tori Boy that was here a year or so ago. It was funny to me in realizing that I was sitting in the very area eating sushi that I now was eating a falafel, lol.
 I ordered a falafel, the Tahina banana shake topped with crushed crackers ( the best one one I've had in awhile) and their fries which were also very good with a side of what tasted like homemade ketchup. The decor and atmosphere was warm, natural and exotic with a tropical feel.The price of the selections matches well with the taste of the food.
 If you want to have an alternative source of protein to eat in place of aquatic and livestock meals I recommend this place.Falafel was really good! Not greasy and very flavorful. Would highly recommend giving this place a try!!!I'm a huge Michael Solomonov fan- my girlfriend and I eat at dizengoff weekly and it would probably be daily if we lived closer. That being said, we were super excited to try goldie. Goldie surpassed our expectations! All the sauces are delicious, and we absolutely love the sides of green tomatoes and pickled celery available on the tables. Delicious, moist falafel with amazing filling and excellent pita that doesn't rip or get soggy. Amazing milkshakes (we got the turkish coffee one) that tasted like peanut butter and graham cracker. Fries are also excellent. Our stomaches may not have thanked us for all the fried food- but our taste buds sure did! Very reasonably priced, and although very small inside we had no issue getting a table. Well worth the visit.Really good thing shake. The woman who is in charge of packing and reading the order is nor quite fast.  Mama's vegetarian is much faster and has equally good falafel.I had higher hopes for this place...I was expecting shatteringly crisp falafel that were fluffy on the inside. I was intrigued when I saw them pressing the falafel "dough" into the machine that extrudes the balls into the fryer. It looked truly like a dough that could be molded, falafel I have made is almost crumbly and just barely holds together. This one had the texture of play-doh. I was optimistic though, based on all the good reviews, and from the guy who clearly knows his Middle-Eastern food, that the balls would come out crisp and fluffy on the inside. I wasn't exactly correct. The falafel had good flavor, but the texture was pasty-to-doughy  on the inside, and not really crisp on the outside. I think you can appreciate it if you look at some other reviewers' up close pics. I wouldn't say it was bad, just different and heavier than the falafel I'm used to. Maybe it's just a different style that I'm not familiar with. That being said, the portion was generous, the sandwich fillings were fresh and tasty, and the sauces were good. The pita, of course, was as delicious as at Dizengoff. I also had a banana tehina shake and tasted my friend's coconut shake. The coconut was the winner. The banana added a considerable amount of sweetness, and really masked the underlying tehina flavor. The coconut provided a better balance. Next time I'd get the plain tehina shake. Overall, I would give Goldie one more chance. Maybe it was an off-day for the falafel? Or maybe this style of falafel just isn't my preference.Went specifically for the tehina shake as recommended by PhillyMag's Jason Sheehan. OMG. Who knew?  Had the coconut shake and it was creamy and smooth and well flavored - not strong flavor. Super silly texture that is hard to stop drinking. So unique and delicious - we told 3 other people we ran into about the shakes and will continue to do so!  Looking forward to coming back for the falafel and fries too!Their falafel sandwich with the harissa sauce was really good. The seating can be tough if you go during busy hours.I had the Falafel and Turkish coffee shake. My friends got the fries and the mint shake, so I was able to try that too. Everything was fantastic! I will definitely be back.So so so delicious. 
I ordered the salad, which was very flavorful - it even included fresh golden beets and the falafel is some of the best I've had! 
The coconut shake was to-die for! No weird fake coconut flavor. 
I will definitely be returning the next time I'm in Philly.The flavor of the falafel was fantastic, although I'd much prefer a crunchier outside and for the pita itself to be warmed.Prior to arriving I had no idea the restaurant was totally vegan which was exciting to discover since I'm lactose intolerant! My boyfriend and I ordered a falafel sandwich each with a side of shwarma fries and both things were amazing. The falafel was super fresh and the seasoning on the fries was so great that we had to get another order to go! Matt got a banana tahini shake and loved it. Would definitely go back again!I've been here a few times. The falafel sandwiches are good, but I personally like Mama's a few blocks down better because their falafel is crispier and there is a greater variety of pickled toppings to add flavor to the sandwich. Still, it's a great option in the neighborhood for vegetarians. Also, the pita bread used in Goldie's falafel sandwiches is soft and fluffy, seemingly made freshly on-site. 
If you've never had their tehina shakes, I would definitely recommend a special trip there specifically for those. I have done this many times, because they are delicious! I've tried their original, coconut, and coffee-flavored ones and they are all amazing! Also, the fries look delicious. The growing layer of cushioning on my back and thighs has been suggesting that I stay away from those for the time being, which is why I haven't tried them yet, but you can bet I will at some point!
Service has been good in my experience and I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes, even during busy lunch hours. I think the pricing is reasonable for the location. Overall, glad M. Solomonov has added another food option near my office!Great for a quick lunch/ grab and go/ I got the wrap and it was very light and refreshing. If you work on market street, just walk here (probably about 10 min walking). The service is nice and fast too!Hands down the best falafel I have ever had!  Crispy and tender at the same time! The sauces are flavorful - I recommend the harissa.  The tahina shakes are pretty good, but not for everyone.  I was the only one in my group who enjoyed them.  The banana and the turkish coffee are my favorites! Very rich and creamy. You need to go here!Great sandwiches. Get the shawarma spiced fries and a mint chocolate chip milkshake to round it out. A popular lunch location, so waits can be long. Staff are very friendly and will get you out as quick as possible. The harissa or schug are both great choicesThis is my favorite falafel place in Philadelphia. The team is definitely serving quality products regardless of what you order. The staff is consistently helpful if it's your first time visiting in explaining the three types of sauces for the falafel sandwich. The tahina shakes are my absolute favorite though; I still miss the chocolate shakes they had when they initially opened!I cannot say enough great things.  The sandwich was loaded with falafels and sauce and the classic fresh veggies (onion, cucumber, tomatoes and lots of sayce)  All of the solomonov restaurants are spot on.  You can taste the love and time put in.    The employees all seem to really take pride in working there.  Best falafel available! I've been to Israel and this brought me right back... Thanks!!!I tried Goldie today for the first time and this place is def a hidden fast food gem! I tried their original falafel and Tehina shake and I absolutely loved it. I sure will be frequenting this place. I have been looking for good falafel places and def like Goldie over Mama's Vegeterian. The food is worth the $ and so fresh!I love Goldie - the falafel is light, the pita is fluffy, the shakes are delicious.My husband and I finally made it! After Christmas village shopping we had a craving and finally made it here. We almost wandered into a random pita shop but I was like noooooo!!! We have to make it to Goldie!!! 
We are so happy we did. 
We ordered two falafels, my husband had the mango sauce and I had the super spicy one. We also shared French fries with Schwarma spice. And I got a tehini Turkish coffee delight shake. OMG the flavors are just amazing and the shake really helped to take the the heat out of the sauce. I also enjoyed the pickled cabbage and peppers on the table for extra crunch. 
My husband said they were the lightest fluffiest small balls he's ever had. 
I mean I advocate hard now for the falafel robot! No more getting way too large falafel balls that aren't fried all the way through. Or misshapen balls that are too hard. And sauce just splattered over to cover it up. 
I mean these balls were the highlight but as was all the delicious fresh pickled goodness and right amount of sauce. Plus the pita itself was Devine. Good job guys.So I'm in loveeeeeeeeeeeeee....... with this place. The service was on point, everyone was really friendly. The customers were really friendly, what I found to be hilarious was that everyone is watching to see what you get. I had the falafel with extra harrissa sauce, shawarma seasoned fries and the coconut tehini shake. Listen this shake was amazing sweet but amazing when you hear tehini your brain doesn't think sweet more so salty. I noticed everyone was ordering the Turkish coffee shake. I must try it when I go back lol this goes on my best damn vegan spot listExcellent the best falafel I ever eat and the best!!!  you have to try the tahini shake they are amazing tasty good.....Awesome cheap lunch! The falafel sandwich with harissa was HUGE! Definitely worth the $7. Perfectly layered vegetables and falafel, and loaded up with tehina. The schwarma fries were perfectly seasoned, with not too much spice. I also ordered the Turkish coffee milkshake. Not too sweet and a nice consistency, but it's rich so make sure you brought someone to share it with! 
I went at about 1pm and the line was out the door. It moved quickly, but designate at least a 15-20 minute wait for your lunch break. Worth the wait in my opinion!We just got the tahina milkshakes on our first visit and they are to die for. Actually the best shake I've ever had and this one is vegan! They're super affordable at $4 and have a bunch of flavors to try. I actually can't stop talking about these shakes to anyone who will listen. Can't wait for the next visit!Love the falafel, simple menu and Tahini shakes are great. However, stick to this location the one at the Whole Foods on callowhill is not the same. They don't seem to get the volume over there, so the food is not as good. The salads are bit wilted and the pita is not as fresh. However, at this location I will go back again, again and again.Softest falafels I've ever had. The price was very reasonable for the number of falafels in there. The spicy sauce was amazing.The falafel held more falafel balls than most places. It was delicious. I chose the schug sauce and it was a bit too spicy for me. But I had an original tahini shake to cool my palate down.  Liquid halvah in a cup. Amazingly good. Seating is limited.This review is for the new whole foods location.
Pleased that this is now at whole foods as I have wanted to go for lunch but I hear about the long lines and it is already so far away from my office...there was a shorter line at whole foods but it did not move quickly. The people at the counter were lovely and it was fun to be able to watch them prepare the food while we waited.
I ordered the Falafel sandwich with the Amba sauce. Most of my coworkers also ordered the same thing but some with different sauces. 
While the sandwich was delicious it was incredibly salty. I was shocked at first bite, my tastebuds adjusted and I could finish the rest of it. Other than the extra salt factor the sandwich fell apart about a quarter of the way through. 
I'll definitely go back but I need to make sure my salt intake for the rest of the week is zero.Supremely into this place. I like falafel but I'm not usually in the mood for falafel. I will always give this a go if suggested or in the neighborhood. A little on the salty side, but I appreciate seasoning. I prefer this to mamas, because it's more seasoned. Mamas is great for a quick cheap lunch, this is really good for a cute different kind of date. Make sure you give the shakes a try too. They are phenomenal, and dairy free!! I was worried about the tehina, but it just lends a light nutty taste. Hoping to see plain chocolate, or banana chocolate shake on the menu soon (fingers crossed).Goldie is a simple, fast casual restaurant which has become an area favorite.  It's simple meals and gluten-free/vegan options bring in a young crowd who are looking for a quick bite.  The staff is always friendly, and courteous.  If you stop by be sure to try the coveted tahini milkshake!Milkshakes are amazing! Not overwhelming sweet - they have a nutty taste.I actually made a mistake. I didn't get any of their food. Because dat milkshake was bommmmmmbbbb! These guys have tahini milkshakes which a friend of mine recommended. I obliged, and tried the Turkish coffee flavor. I mean I've never heard of tahini being used in a milk shake so I absolutely had to try it, and boy, it was good. I did go during prime time around 12-1 ish so it was very busy, but I think I'll be going back to try some of their snacks for sure  - stay tuned!I wasn't super into the idea of a tehina shake but it was so so good! The falafel sandwich is pretty great, maybe a tiny bit too salty but the balls are fluffy and fresh tasting. Good service and nice that it's vegan too!I love all things Solomonov. Its really cool how he is now creating restaurants to focus on specific aspects of middle eastern cuisine. Goldie does 3 major things: 
1) Falafel: A bit too mushy for my taste (lacks that crunch) but packed with flavor
2)Pitta/tehina/toppings: Same pitta as at Dizengoff - not as fresh but still great and able to hold up to the toppings. I would want to try their salad next time
3) Fries/shakes: This is the highlight. The reviews are true the tehina shakes are all super filling and tasty. The fries are perfectly crispy. 
There is limited space and long lines but they make it go quickly. 
Enjoy!Full disclosure, I am a fan of all of their restaurants (Zahav, Dizingoff, Federal Doughnuts, Rooster Soup Company)... when I heard they opened a falafel shop I did not think it would possibly be as good as I would have expected... it was better.
The falafel sandwich was incredible...  they gave us a sample of the vegan milkshake (almond milk and tahina)  and it was even better... cant wait to go back and order one...One of the best falafel sandwich ever had. Long queue during lunch hours but the wait for worth it. Definelty will be my go to spot for a quick lunch.I'm only leaving a Yelp review because they're closed at the moment and I just want to be close to them. Thinking about that lunch I had the other day, it was so good. The Coffee Tehina Shake, the Shwarma fries, and the Amba Falafel Sandwich always make me imagine that I've died and gone to falafel heaven.Probably my fav Mediterranean fast food place. Falafel and salads are amazing. Quite affordableWent during lunch on a weekday. I got food to go, which was fortunate because the place was packed. Ordered the falafel sandwich with the spiciest sauce. Food came out within a few minutes, which was impressive given the volume of business. Falafel was decent -- not overly dry like a lot of places -- but still a far cry from the moist delicious balls at Mama's restaurant. Also I could barely detect any heat from the sauce! (I have a decent tolerance for spicy food, but I can't imagine anyone would  find this spicy unless they had a very bland palate.) I may go back to try their tehini shakes, but not for the falafel.Outstanding falafel. Reminds me of the falafel in the Middle East. The tahini shake is very tasty but you can not have it as a side. It would be a meal replacement.Michael Somolov doesn't disappoint! From the chef that brings us Zahav, Goldie has a bit of a reputation to protect, and it definitely rises to the occasion. 
I had heard about Goldie a while back and had the spot bookmarked to definitely try. I was finally able to get to see what all the fuss was about (better late than never right? haha.) 
Goldie is located just on the outskirts of Rittenhouse Square, so parking is going to be a bit tough. I had to park about 10 minutes away, but that's probably par for course for anything located in this area. Many of the Yelp reviews mentioned that Saturday lunch/brunch hour is packed, and I naively planned exactly for that timing. Fortunately, there wasn't too much of a crowd when I walked up (woot woot!)
The menu is simple, but the quality is there. Basically the menu has falafel (yes), vegan "milk"shake (double yes), and fries (triple yes) - honestly just order the whole menu! I ordered the Turkish Coffee milkshake, made vegan with almond milk, along with the fries seasoned with shwarma. What a delight! The shake was nutty, and had hints of mocha, perfectly supporting the coffee flavor. The fries were crisp, and seasoned perfectly - spicy but not too much that the familiarity of potatoes is removed. It's that perfect combination of fries and a shake, elevated and twisted all in the right direction.
The space is small (especially given how popular it is), and it is longer than it is wide. Definitely a place to take your food to go. If that is not your plan, there is seating - maxing out at probably 20 people (including the bar area by the window.)  
I'll definitely want to come back for a falafel and make this my go to spot for many a lunch hour. Keep doing you Goldie - a new standard has arrived!Ok. So my family and I started a food tour with Goldie. And Y.U.M. This spot is a winner. We ordered 2 falafel pitas. 1 with the mango sauce and the other with the spicy sauce. We also got plain fried for our 9yr old who is a picky eater. She tried the falafel and enjoyed it. We had the sour cherry iced tea which had fresh mint in it. Good! When management found out we were doing a food tour they sent over complimentary specialth milkshakes (coconut, Turkish coffee, mint choc chip) which were out of this world delish. Also the shwarma fries that my 16yr loved. It gets crowded but this spot is worth a try and should go on your must eat at list. Kudos.This one of my favorite places thus far! The falafel is grade A and the staff is A+. I always have a wonderful experience here!I rarely give out five stars.  Much less for falafel which I barely like.  This was all around fantastic, especially the price.  The falafel sandwich seemed like it had a dozen balls (6 in actuality). Great balance in all the elements. I got the haressa one.  Best fries anywhere. Know that last crunchy fry you always fight over?  They're all like that.  The tahini shake was also good, especially the homemade halvah that toss the Turkish coffee one.  Excellenthmmm 3.5 probably?
Prepare for quite a long line and a long wait.
The falafel sandwiches are good, pretty average actually. I expected to have my mind blown with the long wait. You can choose from three sauces, which is a nice option.
The fries are awesome! Every single fry is perfectly crispy. Amazing.
And...the shakes! Don't even get me started. How is this vegan?! The shakes are life changing. We had the coconut and the chocolate. WOW. 
GET THE FRIES AND GET THE SHAKE!
Very casual place with little seating, but nice condiments on the tables.
I will return and wait for those fries and shakes.I am not kidding when I say that this was the BEST falafel and pita salad I have ever had. I'm not a vegan, but I am a falafel aficionado, so I visited the spot for lunch one Friday with a friend of mine who actually is vegan.  We were so impressed with the quality of falafel given the low price. The site itself is small, so it may be a bit of a wait for a table around lunch time but definitely possible to get a seat at a table for groups of 2-4.  Such a cool and trendy spot also, it had me going back to work after my lunch hour feeling like I could get through the day. 
If you go to Goldie and don't get yourself a Tehini milkshake you did it wrong.Grab their shakes!! Out of the world. It was little sweet but unique!! I'll be back just for their shake!Get the coffee tahini shake. The coffee  and the sweet sesame flavor is to die for, it's creamy and delicious. It's topped with cookies that soak up the shake as you drink it, leaving a soft gooey treat to eat, ready to be spooned out by the time you're done with the shake.As Dizengoff is one of my favorite lunch spots, I was excited to try Solomonov's latest. The staff gave excellent recommendations and provided an abundance of falafel and sauce. I cannot wait to go back and try the fries and shakes!I have been to Goldie several times since its opening - there is no doubt the falafel and shakes are fantastic but only if you can suffer the silly slow service.  I used to think that the slowness of service was because they were so overrun with demand, but now I know better:  Don't believe the hype -- that whole line-out-the-door-must-mean-the-place-is-too-cool-for-school is a marketing gimmick (or at minimum a cover for the s-l-o-w service).
I visited Goldie 3 times over the last month at 11:15 am (non-peak time).  Each time, there was literally no line and only one party in front of me. Each time, I ordered a Bag O' Balls (for those of you who are unfamiliar, the Bag O' Balls is what is sounds like - it's not a pita or salad that requires assembly, application of sauce, selection of vegetables - it's literally a brown bag with 6 or 12 falafel balls thrown into it and should require no more than four motions).  Sadly, on each of these three occasions, I could actually observe the food prep staff and specifically see that the slow service had nothing to do with the volume of orders, but rather a badge of honor staff wear as if to say "it's cool to be slow at Goldie."  Today, with no line and no back-up, it took 7 minutes 30 seconds for me from the time I ordered to the time I was given my order.
If I hadn't noticed this same trend consistently over 3 visits, I would be more generous in my interpretation. But just a tip to those who can't stay away -- make sure you leave yourself plenty of time and patience to sit around and wait unnecessarily, even when there is no line, no crowds, and no professionalism to be found anywhere.
Sorry folks, just keeping it real.  Love the food, but could really do without the self-important attitude.Amazing falafel, coming from a meat lover who rarely eats falafel. The shakes are really good too!Went here for lunch earlier today, was seriously not impressed which is surprising because I love love love all of Solomonv's other places. Ordered the falafel sandwich and it was just okay. The falafel themselves were pretty good, although not crispy enough, but the sauce was god awful. It totally took over the flavor of the falafel and was too creamy, to the point where it gives you a stomach ache. Tehina shake was good for the first few sips but an entire shake was just way too much. Sesame is not meant to be consumed in such large quantities. Another recipe for a stomach ache.Love that the employees ask you upfront if you have any food allergies. The hospitality is huge here. The food is always consistent. The shakes... don't even get me started on the shakes. I love the flavors in each dish - not to mention the simplicity of the menu. So fresh. Always happy.Goldie is a small 'hip' type fast/casual restuarant along the lines of Federal Donuts. I really liked the decor. I got the harissa falafel in pita ($7.5) and the staff taking orders was very nice. The food came out in about 5-10 minutes. It was a big portion which I enjoyed. All the veggies seemed fresh and tasted great, along with the sauce. I did like the falafel themselves, but maybe I like them a little greasier or crunchier on the outside. 
I will probably come back to try the tahini shake that people mention.Goldie is definitely a must try falafel place if you're in center city as long as you can get there early enough to avoid the long lunch line. I came here shortly after 11am, and I was already stuck in the back of the line almost near the entrance. I got the regular falafel sandwich, falafel salad with spicy and mango sauce and tried a sip of the tahini shake. I like the unique flavors of the shake, but it was just a bit too strong and creamy for my liking. The falafels were crunchy and well mixed and matched with the picked vegetable toppings, but the much more expensive falafel salad was quite disappointing as the bed of lettuce was withering and tasteless. At the end of the day, if you're craving for freshly made falafel and pita, make sure to swing by Goldie during their off hours! Avoid the salad. I did not get the french fries but heard they're good.
Food: 4 stars
Service: 3-4 stars (their lines are too long and the service not expedient enough)
Price: 4 stars
Ambiance: good luck finding a seatVery good falafel sandwich. Loved the flavor profile and the schug. It's a very simple, yet delicious and well executed menu. Love that it is vegan also! Can't wait to come back.I've only tried the mint-chocolate shake here, but OMG...I'm still thinking about it! It was smooth and creamy and sooooo yummy. Bits of chocolate and real mint leaves added to the amazingness of this vegan shake (which, by the way, did not even taste vegan!)
Can't wait to return and try the food (and other shake flavors!)This is a bustling (all vegan!) falafel joint in the heart of downtown. I had a falafel sandwich, a mint chocolate tehina shake, and fries with seasoning. I like that they have a limited menu--they don't offer a lot of options, but this allows them to keep things moving along (the robo-falafel maker also helps in this regard!). 
I liked my falafel sandwich. It had really bright, fresh veggies, and it also contained some delicious pickles. I was little disappointed with the falafels balls themselves though; they were a bit soft and mealy and not very crispy. The tehina shake was really delicious, but a bit pricey ($5 for a pretty small cup). The fries were very good. Overall, I'm really glad that Goldie provides a quick, fresh, vegan option in the heart of downtown, but I wasn't as wowed by my experience there as other reviewers.BEST falafels in Philly-- you have the option of getting a falafel pita or falafel salad. The falafels are well cooked and super tasty. We got the pita and it was delicious!!! The different spicy sauces were so good, definitely ask for a few of them to try it. The  place is small but enough room for a sit down meal with friends. 
The Tahini Turkish Coffee is the most popular drink there and I would definitely recommend it. The tahini flavor is present but not overwhelming. I split it with a friend because it was too much sweetness for me to have in one sitting, but worth a try. It was really good.The best falafel ever. I prefer the sandwich over the salad just because I'm not a big fan of eating raw parsley. Otherwise, both choices are great. You can't go wrong with any of their sauce choices. All of their shakes are really good, but coffee tehina shake was my favourite. There's usually a long line and limited seat choices, but it's totally worth the wait!Great place for falafels and fries!!! I got the falafel with the sauces on the side because otherwise the sandwich is drenched. The seasoning in the falafels is divine. If you get the fries, definitely get the schwarma seasoning because it tastes amazing! I also tried my friends mint tehina shake. It was good, but very dense. It's a drink I would come by to get on a hot day, but not with my meal. 
Make sure you come early because they close at 7 and sometimes they run out of falafels!Loved the food, and the falafels are the fluffiest, softest, ones I've ever had. However, the cashier was extremely rude and it wasn't even busy so I saw no reason for him to be that way. Wish I could give this place 5 stars but I felt very unwelcome. It's a shame.Was excited about checking out yet another genius culinary idea of the man behind Zahav and Dizengoff (2 of my absolute favorite places and I crave the hummus on a regular basis).
The pita was the exceptional quality I've come to know at above noted restaurants.
The falafel was good,  yet I can't say that it was "the best" I've had in the way I could talk about the hummus.   The toppings were incredible I must say!   
The fries were all that Yelp reviewers tout about !
I truly wanted to try the Tehina shake,  but it's made with soy milk and I just can't tolerate it in my system (bummer).
Would I consider returning ?   I think so ...
UPDATE:
I decided to take the risk of the soy and go back for the Tehina shake - OH.MY.GOD.   THAT,  in and of itself,  would have me return (and I did pay the intestinal price a bit after and it would be worth the repeat!)
Also had another falafel sandwich,  "Harissa" ... it was actually better than 1st time.This is a great lunch option. Seating is limited and it gets busy during the lunch hour. I had the Pita sandwich with Harissa sauce. Can't wait to go back and try the others. The sandwich was $7.5 and the shake is now $4.5. 
I had the Turkish coffee Tehina shake and it was great, though too heavy for one person. It's got a strong sesame base obviously so I would avoid it in case you can't have a strong flavor like that. 
But overall this is a great place! 
Update- Tried the Shawarma spice fries- So Good!!Amazeballs!!! Their falafel is some of the best I've eva had and that's including falafel actually from Israel. Go Goldie go. Also super reasonably priced so it's a solid spot for lunch.I can never finish a milkshake. I've never not finished a Turkish coffee tehina shake from Goldie - one of the best cheap sweets I've ever eaten.Came here late in the day just an hour or so before closing time and my sandwich was still fresh tasting. Pillowy soft pita and crispy cucumbers surrounding fried goodness. The employees pleasant and service was fast.  It's tucked upstairs with small signage. Walked by it the first time and had to double back. Worth the extra steps and 7.50!.If you're craving for falafel, peep this place out. It is relatively affordable, a little more than $10 for a falafel and a shake, while being in the city. Granted this location is fairly new so it does get crowded easily since there isn't much square footage. Besides those negative points, the food is good and fresh. 
I saw the food being prepared in front of me and they were frozen. The falafel mix was being put into ball form then fried per order. The service at the counter tried to facilitate the line , so they will try to take as much orders they can before making the pick area congested. There is not much seating in the restaurant. Probably twenty or so seats if you're lucky.  If it's busy, just take it to go and check in at Dilworth Park.