Great atmosphere and quality service. Featuring an interesting weekly menu with savory gelato. Large wine options. Amazing desserts. Best cheesecake ever.From making the reservation to getting the check. Every step of the way. A-mazing! We drove 4 hours and it was so worthy.The one time I ate at Gran Caffe L'Aquila I was there for 3 hours. It's right next door to Nordstrom Rack and looks unassuming from the outside, but once you step inside and go upstairs you realize just how huge it is (great for large parties)! The menu is seriously extensive and mostly in Italian, which makes it a bit overwhelming, but the waiters are extremely knowledgable and more than willing to help out! I ordered the zuppa de pesce and the pear/cranberry salad, which were both delicious, but the highlight of the meal was definitely dessert! They bring you a huge platter with every dessert available so you can take a look at everything before you order, and their gelato is award winning, so don't miss out on that!This was the best meal I have had since I was in Italy. Everything was fabulous and made with fresh ingredients. I can not recommend it highly enough. We ordered small plates to share and saved some room (barely) for the wonderful gelato. Very good choice of wines as well. Nice environment apparently recreated from their restaurant in Aquila before the earthquake displaced them.this place is beautiful!!! its so cute! a client of mine told me that they have the best gelato in the city and its a must try. Nutella, and banana gelato was orgasmic. go good. i tried it all and it was all so good. must try!!!It's always a great time here. On this occasion I did not eat, I just went for a few drinks and a lovely chat with a girlfriend. 
She order an iced cappuccino that she said was lovely, and I had a lemon granita. The granita was quite sweet for my buds, but after squeezing actual lemon into it...it was perfect.
The staff is always friendly and attentive. They have a great selection of food, drinks, and Italian gelato! 
From prior visits the salads are very good, I also had the gnocchi once with mushrooms! Truffle fries are yuk as well. This is definitely a great date night or just a good time with friends. Enjoy!!Loved it. The staff is really friendly, especially Matteo, our server. Things to get: the octopus and the Hillary Clinton beer and the cappuccino. Things to avoid: that mosaic sushi thing. The restaurant overall is great for a date or just a place to chill with a coffee. Dinner for two comes to about $50 because even though the individual dishes are cheap, you will want to try more than one and then they will add up pretty quickly.I'm so glad I accidentally stumbled upon this place on my way out of work yesterday. I don't think my life will ever be the same again. 
As someone who grew up in Europe, I get a bit nostalgic at times, and I could not have been more excited to find out that a piece of Italy has made its way across the Atlantic Ocean and nestled itself on Chestnut Street between Sephora and the music store. 
Entering this establishment, I was greeted by (a hostess, but also) a delicious looking assortment of gelato. I hear some flavors are spiked, which I'm really excited to try. If it weren't so cold outside, I would have been compelled to clean out this entire gelato section myself. However, since it was cold and I already had dinner, I decided to add a nice finish to my evening by sipping some hot, aromatic Italian coffee along with bites of their delicious pastries. 
Though I wish I could have sampled everything, I only got to try the lavender panna cotta and white chocolate bread pudding. However, both were heavenly and well-balanced in both flavor and texture. You can be sure that I will be back to try every single item at this establishment - whether it is for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or a late night glass of wine. Very solid execution in product quality, concept, and service.Words cannot even begin to describe the amazing quality of the food made here.  From the appetizers to dessert as well as drinks, everything I have tried is house-made and quite amazing.  I commend it for its simple flavors that are well executed giving much respect to each ingredient.  It's flavorful yet not overdone in terms of complexity.  You'll understand when you try ANY of their dishes (I would highly recommend any of their gelato-paired pastas -  new yet exciting and delicious experience).  Desserts are beautifully done: lavender panna cotta, tiramisu, and not to mention the best gelato in town.  The ambiance is lovely with soft yet modern interior designs and meeting the needs of both dine-in customers as well as coffee enthusiasts.  Though service is subpar for what is expected from a restaurant this caliber, its special menu which features a city each week will make up for it.  It gives a chance to see the chefs represent a new flavor profile and better expose yourself to Italy.  So the next time you're in the area, take the chance to taste a bit of Italy and grab a panini, pasta, white peach sangria, or a chocolate mousse.I've only had espressos here but they are fantastic and can be ordered so many ways on the menu. Gelato here is good too, as are the interesting Italian desserts.Top notch service and authentic European dishes. Great coffee and beautiful/tasty deserts. 
One of my favorite things to do is stop in during my lunch and get their sorbet-it is amazingly good and they have some interesting flavors.Went with my cousin who lives in the city last night, this is her new favorite Italian restaurant.  All our food was delicious - try the Pera salad, wonderful! And the grilled octopus (which I always order when I am fortunate enough to find it on a menu) was very well prepared. A scoop of gelato to end the meal is a must here, we shared one lemon and one chocolate - both were superb. Loved the atmosphere in the restaurant upstairs, and our server Samantha was one of the best I have ever had the pleasure to meet. All around, well worth visiting and revisiting.Maybe we went in with high expectations based on all the yelp reviews or maybe because we're vegetarian, this place just did not live up to our expectations.  
The service we got from our waitress was meh.  It really felt like she just wanted to sell us the most amount of food and drink as possible without giving much service.  Her attitude was I'll get to it when I can not I'm gonna take care of it right away.  
Now on to the food.   We ordered the tambo, which is sautéed hot peppers.  They were spicy and had good flavor.  A good simple dish.  
Then we got the gnocchi and risotto as our main entrees.  These were the most flavorless dishes I have ever had.  There is nothing more to say.  Just blah!
The last and best thing we had was the gelato.  We got the amaretto and bacio.  Both were very good but the bacio - delicious!
I would skip on having a meal here but definitely come in to have some gelato.  It's worth the trip.I'm not a fan of Italian food. I think it overrated and bland. 
Gran caffe l'aquila is the only restaurant I will go to. Absolutely love this place. Best gelato I've had. I use to think capogiro was good. After having the gelato here, capogiro is just mediocre. 
The coffee here is amazing. Roasted in house. I used to buy coffee here all the time. Now I just buy their beans and grind and brew at home.This restaurant is all facade. The gelato is mediocre and the service is HORRIBLE. I called ahead to make sure they were open. All I wanted was a cappuccino, so they said the kitchen was closed but we could come in for espresso/cappuccino and gelato. When I got there, they tried to push us out saying they were closed so I explained that I had just called and that all we wanted was gelato and espresso. So they told us it was ok. We all pick out our gelato (if you want two flavors you MUST pay for a medium--why can't there be two flavors in a small??) then we go to order cappuccino and the staff has to walk to the other side of the bar and come back to awkwardly tell us that they "shut the machine off and cleaned it out." We asked for cappuccino TWICE AHEAD OF TIME, yet it was still too much for them. Then the woman at the register was rude, slammed our change down on the table and said nothing. The rest of the staff was awkward, pushy, didn't know anything, and didn't know how to say a simple "excuse me" when I was in their way. It was a weird and unpleasant experience. To top it off the gelato was truly terrible for $6 for a medium...basic flavors, but none of them are rich the way gelato should be. The sorbet was too sour. The place clearly isn't run by real Italian chefs, and the fancy image does not fit their crappy gelato and terrible service.While visiting Philadelphia I ate here once and treated myself to their gelato twice! 
The service was excellent and provided excellent recommendations based on my diet and preferences. After a delicious meal, it only got better with gelato and coffee.The next day I treated myself to more gelato and coffee. 
This is a nice place.First timers here. We came for restaurant week, and actually ordered from the restaurant week menu (not something that we would usually do!). The restaurant week menu was great, and the regular menu a little overwhelming (HUGE menu!). 
Here's a quick break down:
~Apps:
1.Caprese Salad: Freaking heavenly. You would think this would be a typical caprese salad? Hell no! So much better. 
2. Grilled Octopus: Much smaller than the app from the normal menu (comparing from photos in other reviews), but delicious non-the-less.
3. Boar Meatballs: Omg. Can I eat these, and only these, forever and ever? Yup. They were THAT good. With a bit of spice.
4. Sulami Sushi: This was my least favorite of the apps, but okay. Probably wouldn't recommend.
~Entrée
1. Papardelle: Holy moly! Meat heaven. This meal tastes a trillion times better than it looks. A bunch of delicious meat slow cooked in ribbons and ribbons of pasta....yes please. Entrée winner for us!
2. Veal Braciole: Hubby's choice of entrée. Tender, cheesy, and delicious - his description of the meal.
Okay, so we were both happy and full, with delicious wine and beers accompanying our meal. Then, comes desert, which = gelato heaven.
~Desert: 
Four flavors that we tried & loved!:
Me: House Roasted Coffee & Dark Chocolate - O.M.G. for real!
Hubby: Pistachio & Nutella - Legit, he said. 
Great meal, great service, great night. Will come again to order from everyday dinner menu for sure.Wow - this dining experience is by far one of the best in Philly and the food is absolutely out of this world.  I can't get my wife to stop raving about the rigatoni with sauce made from yellow tomatoes.  Immediately became one of our favorite restaurants and I know we will be back soon.Looking for dessert after dinner; saw a lady holding a cup of ice cream and figured the shop should be near by. The many flavors of gelato smiled at us when we step in. Immediately a friendly staff with an Italian accent behind the counter greeted and gave us sample of 4 different flavors of sorbet to taste. Soooo delicious; wish I could get them all. I got the mango and lemon, my daughter ordered the blueberry and banana. I wished I'd discovered this place when we first arrived Philly. I would recommend it to anyone and I will definitely return every time I come to Philadelphia.I don't think I've ever had a gelato I didn't like, but I also don't think I've had a gelato I LOVED until I went here with my little sister to escape the humid heat. With two stories, it can get a bit noisy downstairs so we cozied up in the back of the second floor with just our table and one other: Stefano Biasini. As we learned, he's a world famous gelato maker, and it's not hard to see why. 
First, Cannolo. The crunch of cannoli shells meets lightly sweet gelato. Perfect combination of chocolate, ricotta, and sugar. YUM. I paired this with an Italian dessert wine (some of my favorite dessert wines), and it was sensational. 
Second, the gelato sandwich. I forget the fancy name on the menu, but it's essentially a layer of favorite gelato between two pieces of brioche bread, dusted with powdered sugar. The Chocolate Burger, we called it. Suffice it to say, our sweet tooth's (teeth?) were satisfied. I've since been back with coworkers.. and I'm cultivating a following. :)I should add my companions who enjoyed our meal at L'Aquila were visitors from Italy.
Also the other day I followed LaBan's chat where he was shredded for his review of this restaurant.
I challenged Craig (via email) to report the rebellion in his Thursday print chat section. He assured me  he knows Italian food yet some time ago he posted a video of his recipe for spaghetti and clams...with butter. 
LaBan knows as much about Italian food as Chef Boyardee or The Olive Garden.
The danger is this charlatan has a following of ill-informed Winkies who fall for his charade. Good places fail because of an appraisal based on his prejudices and mood.We are not familiar with Philly as we live near NYC but thank goodness we found this lovely restaurant on Yelp. I recommend making a reservation ahead of time because this place gets packed. The space is super trendy and romantic. Everyone who works here is extremely friendly and accommodating. Our waiter (dude with the ponytail) was great. He started out by telling us the history of the restaurant, how it won best cafe in Italy, best gelato in Philly etc...very impressive. He also made recommendations for every course, which helped a lot since we were not familiar with their products. We started out by ordering the smoothie rosso, which is strawberry, raspberry, Apple, and yogurt gelato. Amazing. Then we got two appetizers, the arancini (rice balls) and the pepper caponata. Still drooling over the rice balls...omg. What I was surprised about was the olive oil that came with the bread. Proves to show how using a quality product can really change something so simple. My entree was the half chicken. It came with potatoes and asparagus. As with everything else, it was cooked and seasoned perfectly to preserve the juiciness of the chicken. Finally, for dessert, our waiter told us we could not leave without trying the gelato. At this point, I was stuffed. But I powered through and ordered the milk gelato (sounded the lightest) and a cortado. My goodness I cannot describe the creaminess of the gelato. Just incredible and really lives up to the hype. Cortado was great too. They roast the coffee beans there so you know they know their coffee. We ended up staying there for hours since we ordered so much, but never felt rushed or obligated to leave. We truly enjoyed our experience here and encourage everyone to check it out!My wife and I wondered in here on a friday night around 8pm without a reservation. We got a window seat right away with a nice view of chestnut street(place was busy)
For appitizers we had the buffalo mozzarella caprese style. There is nothing like fresh mozzarella and then paired with fresh tomatoes and basil, this was a great dish
Next we ventured outside of our comfort zone and had 2 meal with gelato pairings... Now this sounds weird i know but i promise you its worth it... We had Torta Granchio which was a crab cake that was cooked perfectly and a dollop of roasted peper gelato. Great pairing and the creamyness of the gelato helped cool and almost act as a hummus to the crabcake. We also had butter noodles with with a garlic buttery gelato that was the special and also delicious. The wild boar meatballs were also a hit.
The gelato is where they shine, my wife said it was the best she has had outside of Italy. Thats about as great of a review as you can get when it comes to gelato.  Cant wait to come back here!Excellent food to share or not!  Everything we ordered, from appetizers to dessert was delicious.  Best  gnocchi I have ever had.  I also had the crab cake with red pepper gelato which was yummy!  Atmosphere was homey and inviting.  Would love to transplant restaurant to a place with closer parking and an al fresco option.  I would also suggest that you make a reservation.  Highly recommend!No A/C, place was superhot in July. We ordered iced cappuccino that was not even cold and tasted as regular coffe with milk. On the top of that they brought sugar instead of syrup. The presentation was as italian as a cheeseburger from McDonnals: a long glass with straw!Had lovely lunch with my fiancée in this beautiful restaurant.
I have to admit, their menu was a bit intimidating and very tempting to buy everything just to try it, but after long consideration, we decided on our course meals.
Appetizers:
Pepate Di Cozze (peppered mussels)
Polipo (octopus with lemon-like dipping sauce that was too strong for my taste)
Entrees:
Linguine Granchio (Crab Linguine)
Spaghetti Vongole (Clam Spaghetti)
Desserts:
Gelato (Crème Caramel and Pistachio)
White Chocolate Bread Pudding (with an interesting cinnamon-like base)
They were incredibly delicious and the portions were just right! Not too much and not too little!
I loved the appeal of this place. It was upstairs, gorgeous decor and seating, and a bar. Very classy and wonderful for date nights and/or bringing the family for a fancier dinner (possibly special occasions).
Let me just say, we both left fully satisfied and treated very well.This is a new treasure on Chestnut with just about every kind of Italian delicacy, from gelato to wonderfully rich espresso to sandwiches to actual entrees.  We stopped in for an after-dinner coffee and absolutely loved the full-bodied espresso and creamy gelato.  The latte (caramel) is great, as is the always classic Straciatella.  They also have a Nutella flavor as well as mango and banana.  Prices are extremely reasonable with an Americano costing $2 and a small gelato $4.50.  We didn't get a chance to try the actual dishes but they looked delicious and I can't wait to taste the grilled octopus when I return!  The seating and ambiance are great, and it's perfect for a casual date or catching up with friends.  There is something for everyone!I went to Gran Caffe L'Aquila for lunch however I just ended up ordering desserts because the menu was confusing. I got a bruschetta, tiramisu, cheesecake, 3 flavors of gelato ice cream. I loved their desserts and ice cream selection. The service was slow considering I got mostly desserts however our server was nice enough to walk my friend and I through the whole menu multiple time! I, also happened to go at a very awks time of the day yet the place was busy! I would say def give this place a try specially if you're 21+ and are able to drink! They have a beautiful selection of drinks wines and cocktails!Great food, great atmosphere, and servers that care! We came in on a whim walking down Chestnut with no predetermined destination, and were amazed by excellent service and food alike! We split the swordfish and a ravioli gelato thing and both exceeded our expectations. The coffee was also excellent! Everything was above par and we spent about $60 for two people, splitting two entrees and an appetizer of caprese salad with coffee and iced tea as beverages: cheaper than we expected. My father is hard of hearing and we initially were seated in a place where it was not quite too loud for us to be able to speak but was not quiet enough for our liking. We asked to be reseated to a quieter place and were catered to. I am 100% satisfied with my experience and will likely be back. I also walked away with a nice pound of coffee that I thoroughly enjoyed and they even ground it for me! Thank you!I am so grateful that the management reached out and apologized about my first experience here. We gave it a second fair try and were totally blown away by the food and attentive service. 
The best part was simply the food. Our prosciutto dish was incredible. The waitress recommended the pera salad which did not disappoint at all. I am obsessed with the quality fresh ingredients and would order this again in a heartbeat. The lamb skewer dish was my favorite. Amazing flavor and served on super delicious bread. I was raving about the perfect bread's fluffiness, "bubbles" and flavor for awhile-- this definitely would make Italy proud. The duck was also very good but I prefer mine a bit more charred if I had to nitpick.
Service (warm and friendly) definitely made up for last time. Gelato was just as magical this second time around. Definitely still the best gelato in Philly. Only thing I wouldn't recommend was our fresh squeezed juice that had way too much lemon in it. It was unbalanced and felt as though it was about to bore an acidic hole in my stomach lining.Excellent food!  Our host knew the owner and he gave us a sampling of appetizers and entries.  Really authen
tic dishes that were made from ingredients from Italy.  Flavor was light and delicately seasoned.  Potions were large enough for sharing with 3-4 people without being overwhelming.  Great service and knowledgeable waiters  one of the best gelato we have ever had. 
Definitely on par if not better than the food we had in Italy this summer!This restaurant is definitely one of a kind. Interesting dishes, such as ravioli paired with truffle gelato!! They have the best hot chocolate you will ever taste. It isn't that crap that you buy at Walmart and mix with water. It's actual European style melter hot chocolate. Also they have new menu items every week, influenced by a different city in Italy.Best gelato ever. I can't get enough of the Coco and Rum. But there are a lot of good options and no one I know has ever been less than satisfied with their choices. You can also get takeout gelato to make sure your fridge is always stocked. 
I haven't dined here yet but I will update my review once I do.I've eaten here several times for dinner and often just gelato. It never disappoints. 
For dinner, I love the tour through Italy and the focus on one city a week. I've had a couple of dinners with savory gelato. It seemed strange, but was quite delicious and unique.  
The menu is large and overwhelming, often a sign of a restaurant that has list focus. Not so here. Everything we've tried has been amazing. 
Don't skimp on dessert!  All of the gelato flavor are amazing.Excellent classy restaurant! The food and atmosphere is perfect for a date night or anytime you happen to be craving authentic Italian food. The carbonara with bacon gelato was delicious. Of course since the gelato is on top the dish is not as warm as most but the flavor is amazing. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone coming to Philadelphia.Visited while on a business trip to Plilly.  Wonderful!  Great food, great atmosphere,  very attentive and friendly service, and Gelato.Been there many times and love it - simple, outstanding food with emphasis on quality ingredients.  Cannot go wrong.  Reminds me of excellent meals in italian villages.Great Italian restaurant! They start you out with bread with infused olive oil and parmesan. We then ordered the "meat/fruit roll" that had strawberry, prosciutto and rice and it was SO good! I ordered the spaghetti type dish and my friend order to gnocchi- both very good, I liked the gnocchi better. 
MOST IMPORTANT- get then gelato!!! Tastes like its straight from Italy!
Also I would make a reservation because its really crowded, we made one a day in advance and had to sit downstairs( more cafe vibe, next to the coffee bar and gelato).This place was such a great find! Needed a last minute reservation for my birthday and stumbled upon this restaurant while browsing through Yelp. 
The whole experience felt like I was in Italy! Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the restaurant's history and menu. Friendly and approachable. Attentiveness at its finest. 
Cappuccino was THE best I've had in a while. Bruschetta was fresh. Portions were fair. 
For entrees we opted for the gastronomical side of the menu. It was the most interesting combination I've ever tasted at a restaurant. The savory and cold gelato paired well with the hot entrees. Try the carbonara and ravioli because they were amazing. The portions aren't so big though. 
AND DONT FORGET TO TRY THE DAMN GELATO. 
The best gelato I've had. Coconut rumThis place is a hidden gem! Right off Rittenhouse but very down to earth. We went here on the recommendation of an Italian friend who said this was the only place in the city he will eat Italian food because it tastes like home. This restaurant imports a lot of its ingredients from Italy to give it that genuine taste. Even the pistachios for their gelato! They have large and small plates on their menu but some of the large plates are huge and very share-able. We got 3 small dishes, two desserts and two drinks for a very filling meal for only $60! Def try the lamb skewers with pancetta, the mozzarella is out of control, grilled octopus, peach sorbet, nutella gelato, and the egg custard gelato (tastes like flan)Appetizers taste WAY better than the main course (or at least the pastas). The desserts were delicious!!Seriously amazing.
I wish I could end the review there but you probably want details! My boyfriend and I came here on a whim after looking for dessert. When we stepped in, we weren't sure if we should leave or stay because the ambience was so.. fancy. I LOVED IT THOUGH. 
Their Italian desserts were delightfully presented, and they tasted amazing. After looking at their Yelp, I ordered the Lavender Panna Cotta without having a clue about what Panna Cotta is. My boyfriend tried their berry gelato, and for a drink, we got their blueberry smoothie. Although their smoothie could've used more sugar, the rest was basically flawless, in terms of presentation, taste, texture, etc. I loved every aspect about the place, and their desserts.
I plan on coming back here as much as I can to try more of what they have to offer! It's seriously amazing, and I bet it'll be heavenly in the day time when there's sunlight in the room.Consider making a reservation for this gem. I called early afternoon Saturday to get in for two that evening around 6:30. Host explained he could get us in at that time in the downstairs area, but not in the dining room upstairs. I was fine with that because it was our first time. My family grew up in Italy and has raved about the food and authenticity! 
The downstairs is where the gelato, coffee bar, other pastries, sandwiches and such are. Generally an area where you can come in and out more quickly than having a sit down dinner, which is what we came for. Aside from that, it is a very pretty ambience. Italian music playing, many songs I grew up listening to which brought me back. 
The waiter explained that each week they chose a region of Italy and create dishes pertaining to that region. One thing I particular looked forward to was the knowledge of staff pairing wine and food as I heard that's what they do. Unfortunately, our waiter did not suggest any wines after we said we were ready to order, but unsure what wine to choose. Our waiter educated us on the man who travels around to hand pick each wine for the restaurant, only to walk away giving us a few more minutes to decide on our own. Hm. 
Ok now for food! Began with classic Italian starters of arancini, rice balls with beef, sauce, peas and cheese, and fritto misto, basically fried calamari with additional fried shrimp and zucchini. Both presented nicely and well cooked. 
We had to order our main dishes with gelato pairings. We went with the ravioli with the back and white truffle gelato and crabcake with red pepper gelato. I was happy with both dishes. My boyfriend thought the ravioli was more al dente than he preferred, but I actually enjoyed the texture. Truffle is very distinct in this dish, so you have to like it if you're going to appreciate the combo with the gelato. I thought the cool gelato complimented each dish nicely. 
For dessert we ordered the brioche gelato sandwich with tiramisu gelato and the sfogliatelle. My boyfriend loved the sandwich and I really liked the texture and taste of sfogliatelle with ricotta filling. It is not a particularly sweet dessert, but very tasty. Only complaint was that the sfogliatelle was supposed to come with whole milk gelato, but it did not. I did realize it after it was served to me, but I did not say anything to the waiter because I suddenly wasn't sure if I was mistaken. Later I checked the menu and they did in fact forget to serve the gelato with my dessert :( Also ordered espresso ristretto, which just means it is stronger. Don't be surprised if it looks like a sip of coffee in a regular size cup. This is the traditional Italian way. 
Service was fine, but nothing too great. I am wondering if it would be a different experience in the actual dining area. 
Overall, the food was delicious. The gelato is out of this world (we sampled a few more on our way out) tremendously full of flavor, but what else could you expect from the gelato champion?! I'm already planning my next meal and brunch too!Very good food, professional service and high class ambience. Maybe not $$ rating in price but worth a little extra for a quality dinner.Had lunch here today and it was amazing!!! It was truly a real European/Italian experience. We ordered their famous (gold standard) prosciutto meat board, the hot peppers, and bruschetta as apps. The prosciutto was so so good. My favorite app by far. I ordered the rigatoni pasta and truffle fries. The pasta is all hand made and it was delicious! Then of course we had gelato for dessert. I had the amoretto and highly recommend it! 
The only reason this isn't 5 stars is because we went during work, and although we basically had a 3 course meal, the waiter was slightly slow to get our orders/clear our plates in between courses. So it ended up being a 3 hour lunch which was a little too long. Otherwise, our waiter was great, and super helpful! Just a little slow...no other complaints tho!The service was terrible. I wanted just soup and coffee . But the girl in the counter wouldn't even help me to see if I can have a single table at the back. Brought the soup but just left it there in the counter for me to figure it out. So I grabbed one at front. No one offer water or anything. The pastries at the display had little tiny flys on top . I just didn't felt welcome. So I had my soup (it was good but the piece of bread on top was old) I paid for the soup and didn't  get the coffee. Thank goodness I was by myself.This place is wonderful: gracious, knowledgeable staff, beautiful space, and the food! Amazing. I've never had burrata that was so creamy, and if you enjoy spicy food, go for the long hots small plate ("tambo" under the menu section, "sfizi caldi").  I can't wait to go back and try their coffee and desserts.I was very excited for this to open and I'm so glad it did not disappoint. 
Everyone seemed so nice, the hostesses, the manager (who gave me a complimentary glass of wine when he noticed that my date kept me waiting) and the server. 
For dinner I tried a few different items, some honorable mentions: the gnocchi and the meatballs - WOW! 
I'm an Italian immigrant so I do compare Italian restaurants to eating back in the "home country". This was definitely authentic and I cannot wait to come back for more!I got chicken Parmesan as a main course and taste was so weird. But I really liked the desserts there.It's a very nice Italian cafe/restaurant. They have the most amazing home made ice cream. It's always a lot of people and very friendly staff. I always feel welcome here!Fantastic place - great ambience, courteous staff, and comfortable chairs. A little pricey, but unquestionably worth every penny!Stopped by in the morning for an espresso to go. Walking in, I was really impressed by their gelato and pastry case (which was filled with the most delicious-looking croissants). I felt that the barista wasn't very personable, and I had even more critical thoughts about the espresso. I didn't find anything too special about it. While it wasn't too acidic or bitter, it was on the watery side and lacked any crema. 
I don't think I'll be coming back soon for another espresso shot, but I plan to update my review for their gelato and dinner menu!This review is based solely on my experience and the desserts. Our waiter was very attentive and friendly. I had the straciatella and Nutella gelato and iced cappuccino. The gelato was pretty good, however not creamy enough and a little too sweet. My boyfriend had the tiramisu and mint expresso. Loved the espresso, however the raspberry syrup in the tiramisu sorta messes it up. On the other hand, the minute I walked in, I noticed the beautiful decors and as I try to record a video of the place, one of the workers behind the counter immediately started giving me the death stare. I had to answer my phone and my boyfriend noticed that she made a complaint to the manager. As we were leaving, she approached my boyfriend and asked him to tell me to delete the video because she doesn't like being on camera, which I completely understand, however I felt that it was very rude of her to automatically become angry at me and complained to her manager. It wasn't as if she told me first and I completely disregarded her. I loved the ambience of this place but I gotta admit that really ruined my mood.Such a great Italian restaurant. Deserves 10 stars to be really honest. Huge menu. We sat upstairs in this super comfy, adorable couch and table, which was great to have my 2 year old daughter at. What I really loved were the shareable portions, aka you're able to actually finish the plate of pasta without feeling like you're going to fall over or keep leftovers that will sit in the fridge for a week. The wine menu is also a mile long. We settled on a carafe of delicious white peach sangria and another more expensive red to accompany the meal. We ordered meat and cheese to start and it was delicious. Our waitress was extremely thorough (I would include her name but I don't remember how to spell or pronounce it- sorry). She went into detail for every single dish and wine and it was everything we expected and more. The food was really delicious and the pasta was perfectly al dente. Another great thing about this restaurant is the gelato menu. It's the first thing you see when you walk into the restaurant which is such great marketing. I ordered the coco and rum gelato which was delicious, it really tasted exactly like a piña colada. Overall such a great experience and I will most definitely return here the next time I am in Philly!The ricotta cheesecake tasted like a Clorox wipe. Really disappointed. We also got the bread pudding and it was decent but really dry. I don't know about lunch or dinner here but I can certainly tell you their dessert blows.I was recommended to come here by a co worker who is good friends from college with the owner. The place is great! Very authentic feel in terms of atmosphere, architecture and the staff's attire. Our waitress was very punctual and helpful with menu options.
The menu has a lot of options and can tend to be overwhelming but that's only because all of the options are great! They tend to rotate specials based on Italian cities and culture from the regions which is really cool.
Everything was very well prepared, brought to our table on a good time frame and was exceptionally fresh.
I would recommend this place for anyone looking for an authentic Italian restaurant in the city.Y'all, the gelato is incredible! Absolutely get the sampler for dessert, you get to pick 5 flavors for the price of a large and it is a great way to try the best gelato of your life. I also the carbonara and it was delicious, creamy and had the perfect amount of pepper. Honestly though, I barely remember it after the gelato.I went in for a lunch with a friend.  I have been to Italy many times so I was excited to try it.  Sadly, the service was so awful I was so p*ssed off that it ruined my experience.  I had a soup and sandwich which were both ok (nothing great), the Parma panini was very little meat and cheese and ALOT of bread.  I did not stay for coffee or dessert.  I needed to leave, I was so aggravated.  Not sure if I will be back. Which I was one of the people below who enjoyed it.  Poor service seems to be a theme though.I came here with a close friend after hearing that the food was excellent, and that the restaurant staffed a number of internationally renown professionals. We came around 7p on Memorial Day. We found the menu inaccessible, but I chalked that up to my nonexistent familiarity with Italian--in any case, our server, Greg, took his time thoroughly explaining the menu and was overall attentive and fantastic. My food (mini ravioli stuffed with veal paired with savory gelato) was remarkably delicious, and the raspberry sorbet I had for dessert was excellent. Giving this place 4 stars out of 5 because, while the food and service were superior, the menu was unwieldy and the ambiance needs some work. For an upscale establishment, the interior felt sort of corporate-generic, like I might have been in an Olive Garden.I ordered delivery from this restaurant. I ordered two pasta dishes and gelato. When the food arrived via a delivery service, there was what appeared to be a half eaten sandwich in the bag with our pasta dishes. I called to let the restaurant know, and was put on "hold" where I could hear the front hostess asking someone about the issue. I overheard that person explain that he had seen one of the server's brother eating a sandwich earlier. When the hostess got back on the phone, she attempted to explain this away, and I interrupted her, telling her I had just heard the story, and gross! She said "I'm sorry but we are busy. Is there something else we can do for you?" I was appalled. No offer to comp an item on the menu? No offer to make it up some way? Not even a real apology? Poor business practice all around. I won't be giving this place a second chance.Found it on google search for italian coffee philadelphia.   It does not disappoint! Great find! Full bar, food&wine choices great. Tons of coffee, tea, fresh pastries and desserts- you cannot go wrong here.  It pretty much rules.Great Italian restaurant in Center City. Its set up to look like the restaurant in Abruzzo, Italy.  They ship ingredients straight from that region of Italy. Regular menu is good and every week they have an additional rotating menu highlighting different regions of Italy.  The dinner is great, portion sizes are right on, extensive wine list and fabulous gelato- our server said the gelato maker is ranked #2 in the world.  We will be going back :)My friends and I got to Gran Caffe around 8p and the hostess told us to seat ourselves at a table. It was the end of the night so the place was not packed, with empty stools at the bar and empty tables. we sat at our "usual" table, which is right across the bar. We noticed waiters and waitresses passing by, carrying trays of foods and drinks. Some of them glancing at our direction, even the bartenders were, but no one stopped at our table to even acknowledge our presence as customers.
20 minutes have passed, and we decided we have had enough waiting time. We put our coats on and leave. Right before we walked out, we informed the hostess that not one staff has even walked up to our table, to which she replied, with no apologies whatsoever, that we should've gone over to the bar ourselves if we only wanted coffee. We were seated at a table like you told us to. What made you assume we wanted coffee?! At 8p? What if we wanted a variety of desserts and drinks, per usual? And am I supposed to get my own order and grab it myself too? She made it seem our fault for not taking the initiative to be acknowledged in the first place. AS CUSTOMERS. Yup.
At a place like Gran Caffe, I expect actual customer service. Such a shame. I have recommended this place to friends and have frequented this place one too many times, but now those times are now a distant memory.
Thank you for the good times.Very impressed with the hostess , he really worked hard to make sure we were seated even though we did not have reservations.  He also has a great sense of humor and could be a character from Saturday night live.
Please try the spaghetti infused with BACON gelato!   Very unique but worth it.   You will end up not feeling fatigued and sluggish after a meal here.  They serve you just enough to feel satisfied but slightly hungry.  Perfect!   
I had the veal ravioli infused with garlic butter gelato!   It is very cold and the. You dip your hot pasta on the cold gelato and get fireworks.    
They served plenty of bread and the waiter was excellent.   Seating is great and the bathrooms were really clean. We would definitely come back .Wow! Came here for lunch without any expectations of what I was getting into, but what a great place! First of all, the interior is gorgeous - tastefully decorated, and the seating area on the second floor feels refined without being over the top. Our server, Francesco, was great - told us the story of the restaurant and was patient in answering our questions about the menu. 
I ordered pasta with yellow tomatoes and garlic, and I was glad that I ordered something so simple - I was able to really taste the flavors in the sauce, without too much else going on in the dish. Didn't have room for gelato but I wish I did; maybe next time. 
Another thing I appreciated about this place - appropriate portion sizes (the proper Italian serving sizes, that is)! I believe the menu is designed for sharing, but my group each ordered our own main course, and I thought the size of that entree was perfect. 
Was a little bit on the pricey side, especially for lunch, but I liked the food and experience so much I'm inclined to say it was worth it. I'll be back with my Italophile family - they'll be happy to find a little taste of Italy on this side of the Atlantic.The food here was good (even though I thought my duck breast was a little over cooked), but the gelato was amazing. Definitely recommend this place to all!this was a real nice place to go eat. I was there for a business meeting it was kind of loud to talk. I am rating my experience on the service and food. 
I had: 
Octopus (Polipo) appetizer = 5 out of 5 - I have never had such a soft octopus with a nice crisp outside. Definitely will have it again
Duck on sweet sour sauce with side pasta = 4 out of 5 - Over all wonderful just was not all that into the pasta. 
Service = 4 out of 5 - the only thing they tripped on was that the food was not available so they substitute wild rabbit with Duck. Still the food was incredible. 
Am I coming back and recommend to others = For sure.I had been there once and I would never go back. The service was horrible. The waiter was not there most of the time. I ordered a carbonara, and it was extremely dry. Also, the carbonara was not hot at all, seems like it has been sitting aside for awhile. I was so disappointed. I made a reservation to go to this restaurant for my birthday and carbonara is my favorite pasta. I did not enjoy my experience at this restaurant. I did not have fun on my birthday.Greatest restaurant i'd ever been to in my 18 years of existence. Every morning since eating there I wake up and wish I was at the Gran Caffe L'Aquila. I go to sleep and wish I was there. Best restaurant in Philadelphia.An expensive place for some high quality gelato. $7+ for two flavors. Is it worth it? I guess if you like gelato it might be.
It's against a restaurant with seating for food, drinks, and other desserts. There is room for seating and standing.Delicious coffees, desserts (especially the gelatos.)
Entrees are very flavorful and delectable, top recommendation is the pappardelle al ragu aquilano with lamb, chicken, veal, and pork in a tender meat-mix (medium size portion, however good for splitting with two.)
Recommend for a date or a night out.Very authentic italian and good quality food. Ambiance is pretty high-energy and our waiter had great presence and charisma. We had a group of 6 and were quickly seated as soon as we arrived (Thursday night 7:00 pm).
Appetizers were excellent, roasted half-chicken wasn't as fresh and moist as I would've liked, but everything else compensated for that. Dessert was great.Good food. Awful staff. I've been here seven times. Someone has messed up my order three times, not brought a check or gave me my credit card back after 15 minutes twice each time requiring me to ask the waiter for it, and today the woman at the register for the first time when I bought gelato sat there talking to her co-worker holding my credit card while I waited there for a minute staring at her waving my arm and saying 'excuse me' to hand it back to me so I could leave. Have spent over $700 here the times I've been here in total. I'm done trying to give this place that could have a lot of potential my money.  Have met the owner twice in my times there, I hope he reads this at some point so his establishment doesn't lose anymore customers.Such a beautiful restaurant/coffee shop! My boyfriend and I stopped by to grab some coffee and it was delicious. Will be going again before we leave phillyHad a wonderful lunch here! Want to give 4.5 stars, because it was all so good, except a bit bland on the gnocchi. I should have gotten the pepper and cheese added to the top, and that was my fault. Service was impeccable and I'd definitely go back!This place is FANTASTIC.  They are known for their gelatos and they are excellent.  they even have savory types of gelato served on main courses.  We were a large party and the servers and one of the managers spent a lot of time with us explaining their  Caffe's background, their menu, their gelatos and the wine pairing.  Definitely go there for dinner!Great place to come for restaurant week.
Buffalo Burrata Mozarella Caprese Tasting
grilled octopus - very tender and flavorful
Papparadelle al Ragu Aquilano - I wanted a tomato sauce and this satisfied that craving.  
Pistachio/Amaretto Gelato - I'm not a sweets person but this might have been my favorite part of the meal
I would go back for another meal and definitely for the gelatoOne of the best Italian restaurants in Philadelphia, in my opinion.  I stopped by for a quick dinner at 4 pm on a Tuesday and got seated immediately.  The interior is clean and modern looking.  I don't really care about tables or interior designs much as I emphasize on food quality, but their tables have pockets on the sides to place purses, small jackets, phones, and misc. stuff in.  That definitely solves the awkward "stuff your crap on this chair/side of the booth/on the floor".
I had the Fritto Misto appetizer, Linguine Al Granchio, and Gnocchio.  Each and every dish tasted like real Italian food.  I mean yeah, I've never been Italy and my Vietnamese household certainly don't make Italian food on the regular, but my taste buds don't lie when comparing to other Italian restaurants and having Italian dishes from Italian immigrant friends.  Oh and they give you unlimited bread and such.  
If you are someone that wants more meat on their pasta dish, I'd suggest Pappardelle al ragu Aquilano or Tagliatelle Alla Panna. Otherwise, ask your servers.  They are more than happy to describe you dishes and give you recommendations based on what you want, especially if you're overwhelmed with the menu.
Whoever my server was (long hair, beard, brunette, male), you're awesome.  Overall, totally recommend this restaurant.If you like great Italian food like do many others in philadelphia, don't go here. Decor cheesy and food tasted like a typical suburban restaurant...just average. Most entrees were coldWow.  This place was just absolutely amazing!!!  I wish I still had the menu with me so I could remember some of the names of the dishes but can't !  I really just wanted to give this spot 5 stars for everything!  Food, Service, Ambiance.  Their menu is so different from your typical Italian spot.  
Finish more next time...