Ordered delivery but after waiting two hours never received my delivery. When I called to inquire did not receive good customer service. Gave them a second chance and someone put the the delivery in as a pickup so I never got the deliveryOh Greek Lady. I've probably had it over 40 times, despite not enjoying it that much, purely due to Penn 'free food' events. Sigh. The only thing I've liked here has been the Greek salad in store. 
The gyros are really nothing special here; they're not especially terrible but nearly all of them (despite different meats, flavor combinations, etc) taste the same. Isn't it a problem when multiple people cannot tell what they are eating by the taste and need to look at the label??! (Sadly, I've seen this happen at least 3 times). 
Service in store is bad for take out but pretty reasonable if you are eating inside. Delivery is also very hit or miss-when I've ordered it with other people, sometimes you get more than you ordered (one time, we all got fries with gyros) and other times you don't get something you asked for (we ordered grape leaves and got none). Unless you are absolutely desperate (or it's free), I would avoid Greek Lady.Lady was rude to me and not sure why people call this fast food because I easily waited 20+ minutes for a simple chicken in pita. Food isn't that great either.I had an hour before my next meeting at Upenn and walked by the Greek Lady. On a whim, I turned around and went in. Their menu has the usual beef and cheese steaks, wraps, gyros, souvlaki and Greek appetizers, however, because it was 21F and 21 mph, I opted for their homemade chicken and orzo soup with a side of homemade spanakopita. The soup is hands down the best I've ever had. Big strands of white meat chicken, carrots, onions and orzo, however the chicken broth is what made it spectacular. Seasoned perfectly with the right amount of chicken fat, it is heaven in a bowl. 
The spanakopita is absolutely delightful made from fresh homemade fillo dough and filled with wonderful spinach blend. It is so big, I got a to go box. 
I will be eating at the restaurant again and again it's so good.Nothing too special about this place. Just your average greek food for an average price. Got the house gyro, which came out to $7.51. You can get a similar but smaller gyro at the halal cart for less than $5. You can see the spits that they carve the meat from though, which is either great or gross, depending on your perspective.Stopped here for dinner with the brother and cousin--pretty decent, but nothing that blew me away.  Fries in the chicken gyro were a nice surprise--even though I'd read about it on Yelp.  Wish there were a neater way of eating the gyro--there's really no good way to eat that thing without making a mess.  Cousin got the chicken platter? looked like quite a bit of food.  
Will revisit next time i'm in philly :)Greek Lady! Wooo!
The gyros are good. Love the tzatziki. The salads (~$10) are awesome and generally last me 2-3 meals. Fries and mozzarella sticks are always good, though the sticks are a tad on the expensive side. In fact, if everything on the menu were a dollar or two cheaper, this place would be perfect. This also used to be one of my favorite places to grab a cheesesteak in the city, though this may or may not still be true. Regardless, Greek Lady makes a really good cheesesteak. 
The new renovations make the place nice and snazzy, and quite a bit bigger than it used to be.oh greek lady. how i love thee, let me count the ways! you've made it all the way from a food truck to the relatively large storefront you have today! i think i could live off of greek lady salads and mashed potatoes. the grilled chicken is the BEST.Greek lady is an awesome fast food option for gyros and some typical American fast food, but the service with pick up orders is very lacking.
The food at Greek lady isn't out of this world but for the most part it is a great option for a cheeseburger, gyros, or their grilled chicken salad. In terms of bang for your buck, the grilled chicken salad is a pricey $8.50, but you get a significant about of food that can easily become two meals!! 
The reason I'm giving Greek lady three stars however centers around the service I've received with pick up orders. On my last four orders, something has gone wrong ranging from getting the wrong order, to getting the wrong dressing, to placing the wrong order in the computer despite repeating the correct order back to me. It is a pretty small thing but now I always check my bag before I leave the store and I would recommend that to anyone else.This place is truly awful. The home fries were inedible and I had to throw them out because they smelled like dead animals. I also waited so long just for a mediocre omelette. I feel like every time I come here it sucks. This is the last time.Soo delicious! The French fries in the gyros are a great addition. Perfect for a quick, cheap, and yummy meal.I find this place to serve large portions of Greek and American food.  The taste is pretty average and the portions are so large such that you probably can't finish your dish in a single setting.  The Greek Lady salad is huge and you should probably order it to go but eat in so you can finish it later (and order the dressing on the side).  You'll never need to specify "extra feta cheese," because the portions are generous.  I ordered the spinach, feta cheese, and grilled chicken sandwich (on a pita rather than a roll - I actually recommend the latter) on one occasion and thought the cheese flavor overwhelmed the sandwich.  And since feta has such a distinct, tart taste, it's easy to get sick of it when the portions are so big.
I've also ordered the Greek Lady gyro which I find to be the most palatable dish out of everything I've ordered here.  The lamb gyro is more expensive and not as tasty as the Greek Lady gyro which contains pork shavings as its meat.  The tahini sauce is tart and tasty and the lettuce has been sufficiently fresh every time I've ordered a pita.
The cheese fries are a good item to order if you have several people with whom to share them.  I don't recommend the shakes since they're somewhat runny (but then again this depends on the person who makes them), but there isn't much quality control in their preparation.
I would go here again if I were very hungry and in the mood for a gyro, which isn't too often.  As for service, sometimes the waiters/food preparers are tardy in getting the food out to you (one time I had to remind a waiter that my food was sitting out on the counter next to the food preparers) and somewhat negligent.  This cannot be helped if the place is busy, but a friendly reminder can't hurt if they've overlooked bringing out your food in a timely fashion.
Lastly, this place offers delivery service.
Service: B
Taste: BThis review is for the service. I've ordered delivery several times, but the staff working the phones are becoming increasingly rude to the point that I start wondering whether the food is really worth the unpleasantness. This seems to be one of those establishments that the more you order, the worse they treat you. Instead of thanking you for frequenting the restaurant, they seem to think they are doing something wrong (being too inexpensive, etc.) that you begin to return. It's really unfortunate.I have a soft spot for this place. The food is quick, fairly-priced and delicious, and most things come with fries! It's not gourmet, but it hits the spot and is very convenient.
The remodeling has definitely made the restaurant ambiance more appealing... and there's extra seating now, however it's still hard to find a spot to sit during the noon lunch rush!
I've also ordered catering from Greek Lady on numerous occasions. They are easy to work with and have delivered quality each time.
I'll be back again, for sure.They had me waiting on hold for approximately 15 minutes I have never waited this long to order food. They need to up there staff.If you're looking for a quick place to eat good food, this is the place to go. I came here with some friends for brunch and the service was quick and good.  You order at the cash register, pick up a number, and they bring you your food to your table.  I ordered the three scrambled eggs which came with potatoes and toast. My friend ordered the French toast which was pretty simple.  Overall the food was like any other breakfast cafe, but it's a good place to go for a quick sit down breakfast.  I definitely want to come back though to try their gyros.I like this place for its consistency. Not the best Greek fast food in the word, but consistently good. Recommended any time you have the munchies.Never been the the store but had their sandwich at a lot of club events haha. I guess all I have to say is I like it but I don't know if I would personally buy it from the store ahha since I just eat it at eventsAmazing grilled salmon. The pita bread is one of the best I have tried and the eggplant dip as well. Staff and place are very well organized.jesus, they give you a lot of food. 
i ordered the lamb gyro platter with salad, lemon roasted potatoes, and steamed broccoli. no, i wasn't being fatty mcfatpants and ordering a la carte for all items. the gyro platter allows you to either get soup or salad and you choose 2 sides from a pretty extensive list. i literally had three meals off this amount of food, and when broken down (including the delivery charge and tip), i spent about 5usd per meal. i don't think i can eat that cheaply from the grocery store.This place is great. I had the grilled chicken salad and it was huge! Very tasty grilled chicken and lots of it. The reason why I didn't give five stars is because they were skimpy with the veggies. I saw two small tomato wedges,a couple of cucumber slices and a sliver of red onions. I'm used to having more veggies in my salad. Especially for almost $10. It won't stop me from returning though. Next time,I'll try the lamb gyro.Update: Can't get yelp to post a response to you directly Demitri, but the most recent wrong order was this past Friday, December 18. Ordered through the website around 12:30, took until 1:45 for the order to be delivered. Everything was cold, the cheesesteak had lettuce, tomatoes, and onions (was ordered with nothing extra) and bacon cheeseburger with onions arrived as just a cheeseburger. Again, would have sent it back but by the time it arrived we were too hungry to bother. Happens almost every time.They service suck I just ordered two hrs ago and the asshole who answered sounds like a burn out meanwhile my food still hasn't arrivedi've been eating this kind of food for as long as i can remember.  Toledo, my home town, is swarming with greek restaurants. so it's in my blood...probably literally....grease (and Greece) stays with you.  (stop the pun madness!)
anyway, i haven't had anything but the lamb gyro, but why bother ordering anything else?  it IS the GREEK lady.  the tzatziki sauce (which makes a good gyro) is pretty good, although they could put more on it.  they also use soft greek pita, which is always the better choice in gyro sandwichery business.  and before you order one with a side of fries, you must know that they put fries IN the sandwich!  IN!!!!! but i'll take mine with a side of fries, please.The recent renovations are really lovely and the expanded seating area is a very welcome addition. The restaurant feels much cleaner and brighter. I like that the order and pick-up areas are separate to keep customers flowing.
I enjoy their chicken gyro when I'm in the mood for "fast food". Something about the french fries inside just adds that extra, greasy, yet satisfying something. I may move on to trying other menu items at some point. I've gotten a peek at the salads ordered by other customers and they do look rather appealing. 
Greek Lady is also a good bet in a pinch when working a long shift at the hospital because they deliver fairly late and, chances are, the rest of the unit staff will want in on the order, too.Great food!
I took my wife out to get a late lunch here. This was the first time we ever went here and we were surprised with the large portions of food we received for the price. We both ordered two gyro platters and one large tea to share and it came out to around $26. 
The food was fresh and delicious. The only downside was the length of time it took to receive our food. There were not many people in the place at the time and we literally waited for our food a minimum of 20 minutes.Freshman/sophomore year, I used to rock Greek Lady's truck for coffee in the morning and a gyro at lunch.  Fries in my gyro.  Nuff said.Always dependable with a variety of foods. You can go Greek one day, american, sandwich, wrap, anything your heart desires. This was my go to place for 7 years in Philadelphia, being across the street from the dental school. They have great service. They deliver door to door in the dental school. That was a major plus!!
Too many fond memories of this place, will always have a special place in my heart.If you like good Greek gyros and tzatziki - then try out Greek Lady. 
Food:
Their gyros, souvlaki, and tzatziki appetizer are on point. I've had both chicken steak and they are both flavorful and delicious. The fries are good too but make sure to try out their lemon potatoes and Caesar salad as well. 
However, I've had their combos with corn and I prefer and little more butter. Wasn't too please with their side dishes particularly. 
Ambiance: 
Very clean and modern on the inside. Great feel. Outside/covered seating as well. 
Price:
Not bad for the food you're getting. The tzatziki appetizer is pretty big - too big for one person. The gyros and souvlakis are STUFFED full with plenty of meat as well. 
I'll defiantly be back for more!The food is very good, but don't ever get delivery! Each time we order from here it takes over an hour to get here & we are 10 blocks from the restaurant! When the food gets here over an hour later something is usually wrong with the order.I'd gladly give 4 stars based on the food, but the service drags it down to 3 (on its worst days, a 2.5 or even a 2). As a previous Yelper mentioned, the tzatziki is phenomenal. The salads and sandwiches I've had were invariably good and clearly made w/ quality ingredients.  I tried their breakfast for the 1st time last week and was happy. It's all a little overpriced, but not egregiously so. 
But alas, the service...my expectations are quite low as far as service goes in a joint like this: all I ask for is an attempt at efficiency and an absence of utter contempt for me and my attempt to spend money in your/your employer's establishment.
I've gone there almost every day since they reopened (it's ridiculously convenient to my work place), and it's almost always very busy; but I have never seen all 3 cash registers manned at one time, despite a number of staff congregated behind the counter. They clearly see the line, often casting disdainful glances at it, but don't make a move to expedite it. Once someone deigns to acknowledge your existence, you can count on customer service ranging from distant to passively-aggressively hostile. Twice I waited several minutes for the guy @ the counter to finish flirting with a customer who had been waited on and was just waiting for their order. The cooking crew seems to be hustling, but due to the slow counter service and the volume, a 25-minute wait for a salad is not uncommon. That's just not cool. 
The food is pretty good,  but if the service doesn't get less suckful soon, I guess I'll be stuck w/ Qdoba and their more-overpriced fare but less-sh*tty service.Wow! I got the Greek Lady Salad which is a Greek salad topped with juicy, freshly cooked grilled chicken. This salad was HUGE and had probably 3/4 of a pound of chicken in it! Very well worth the $10. Lots of creamy feta, peppers, lettuce, Kalamata olives, cucumbers, onions, and a hard boiled egg. Also came with a side of warm pita. 
My boyfriend got the lamb Gyro which was also huge and had tons of juicy meat in it and was loaded with the typical fixins (lettuce, tomato, tzatziki) and even a few fries! I guess that's their extra special touch to please the local college kids. A huge "sandwich" for $6.25. My friend got the chicken Gyro and was equally as pleased with the taste and quality although it looked like there might have been less meat than the lamb one. 
Quick and friendly service, great atmosphere. We will definitely be back!Although that food is great, the service is HORRIBLE. Today i ordered a the grilled chicken Cesar salad when my delivery came, turned out to be a hoagie. When i called i didn't get any apology but the girl who answered stated my salad was free and that they was going to fix it. Who wouldn't want a free salad but i still was to upset accept the offer. the "manager" eventually got on the phone and tired to argue with me saying things like "we've been here 30 years, what do you like we're going to do to with your salad".....like excuse!? who does she think she is, that was so unprofessional. I just kindly hung up her.
5 min later i received call form the delivery guy stating that he was here with my order, when i got there my order was NOT free as promised but $5 ore than want my order was on the menu. OH REALLY THEY ARE NOT GETTING ANY OF MY BUSINESS!!!!!!!!!
Signed,
A very hungry lady who still didnt have any lunch today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This a a great place to get food when you are on the go. The only issue I have with this place is the customer service over the phone. Sometimes when I call, the person sounds like she has an attitude, which can be a real turn off.Decent chicken gyro. It won't blow your mind but it's a solid choice. My only issue is that sometimes it's really good, but other times it doesn't taste all that fresh.Wow. This has been the worst Greek food I have ever had. I won't discuss their breakfast or other american choices, but as their main food and their name states...change it to just Lady. No no no flavor to any of their Greek food. Have done that culture and food a great misjustice. There are tooooooo many things wrong with all their food to go into it, so just trust me when I just say don't......don't eat there expecting a good gyro or souvlaki. It's a shame these students and local residents cant go a little further to the better Greek restaurants of Philly. Not a Greek atmosphere in terms of decor and music, but more of a family restaurant.College-y loud and kinda disorganized, it might take you a while to get your food if you go wait for it.  Good for take out or delivery, though, and...they are open really late on the weekends.  There aren't that many veggie options but i usually go for Hummos and Grapeleaves which is totally decent and enough for 2 people.  The Tatziki that comes with the grapeleaves is yummalicious.I was somewhat apprehensive when my cousin asked me to meet her here for brunch, given this place is known for its gyros. Surprisingly, they have a great breakfast selection.
I got the greek omelette and a frappe (my sister and I were addicted to these when we went to Greece). The greek omelette came with home fries and toast. It was very satisfying and tasty. The frappe was also pretty good as well. A nice casual brunch spot for cheap (~$12).I like The Greek Lady for the value. They give you a ton of food for a very reasonable price. Salads are HUGE and if you order a gyro platter, you get two sides and a side salad for around $11. Great deal.
I recommend the lamb gyro. The lamb is
flavorful, the pita is nice and soft and the tzatziki is addicting. I usually get a Greek salad, which is of course, topped with fresh feta. Yum! Also, I usually get fries and some sort of vegetable for my two sides. Fries are okay, not very memorable and I will say that one major downfall, for me, is the vegetables that are so bland and tasteless that I can never finish eating them.We were just walking by and felt like trying it.. We tried the veggie pita wrap platter the quantity is very good but the wrap was over filled with sour cream which kind of made it too much.. Not bad but it's not a place that you will crave for since there much better options around philly area!!! Just being honest:)Buffalo chicken cheesesteak = the bomb. I've had some disappointing gyros and wraps from this place though!This place looks and operates like a fast food place and has very fast service, but the quality of the food is like a legit restaurant.  Fresh, flavorful, balanced.  Reasonable prices.
All-around-good.  Nothing really stands out as amazing but there was nothing objectionable about my meal.  Even during a busy time, with a long line, the wait time was reasonable and the food came out quickly.
And they don't just serve Gyros, you can also get spanakopita, grape leaves, and some of the other classic Greek dishes.
I solidly recommend this place!I recommend trying the Greek Lady Salad. For just $10, you will get a yummy & very generous portion of chicken & feta. I've been here many times and the salads & wraps are always great.They have good food for a reasonable price and they give HUGE portions. Get the Grilled Chicken Plate all the way! Mmm.They actually do a very good lamb gyro. Chicken, however, is wildly inconsistent. After giving them a few shots at redemption, I now only go for the lamb gyro.I have ordered from Greek Lady for 4+ years since working in the city.  The salads are very good and the portions are huge.  I can't justify ordering a salad from any where else because the portions are so large.  
The last 3 times I ordered from here, I have been disappointed.  The one time the chicken was undercooked and there were items missing from the salad.  They did bring us a new one....45 minutes later. The delivery times have been about an hour and just yesterday it took them an hour and 35 minutes!! - I ordered online and after 50 minutes, I called them and the woman told me it was on it's way......it still didn't get to me until about 40 minutes later because they forgot to make it.  I know this because it was written all over their ticket "make it! make it! make it! Delayed order!" I understand things happen, but if your food isn't right or you call because your order hasn't arrived after 50 minutes, at least apologize.  The person answering the phone is never friendly which is why I resorted to ordering online.  After my last 3 experiences though, I will not be ordering from here any more.  If you order, expect a long wait time.Hefty portions.  Great for veggies and protein.  Perfect for a night* you don't want to cook (* nights if you are a light-eater.  The salads can last for days.)  or when you want to eat out and don't want to spend much.  The warm gold hues of the restaurant are nice for dining.   I'm going to miss this place when I move.The good was okay and came out quickly but the service left a lot to be desired. I got charged for something I didn't order but at least they were nice about removing the charge. I sat outside because it was warm, but apparently they expected me to go inside to get the following: sugar for my coffee, salt for my eggs, and a glass of water. It was a good deal but I am not a fan.I was looking for a good Greek restaurant in University City and found this place. It's quite disappointing. The food was dry, the veggies were wilted, and the fries were soggy. I will not come back.Delicious food! I ordered the grilled chicken gyro with veggies and fries inside and not only was it fresh but it was still hit by the time I got back to desk and that's 6 city blocks! I would definitely recommend taking a stroll here. I only had to wait 4 minutes for it to be ready. Cashier was really nice. Two thumbs up!Everyone at work raves about this place. I had a lamb gyro and it was pretty good. The service was super fast which was surprising since it is usually packed during lunch time.I first had the Greek Lady when my son was getting a procedure performed at CHOP....I have returned several times because the food is authentic and always consistent. 
My suggestion is to get the village style gyro. Truly a gem. 
Service is great, put order and they bring food to your table. No need for gratuities as its counter service. Great food, great service.Fresh Salad, quick service, good gyro, What are you waiting for? 
Greek lady is a casual place for weekend brunch or friend meeting. The store locates at university city. So a lot of students come here during lunch or dinner time.
I personally think they have the most fresh salad in university city. If you like fresh veggie, don't miss this place.Good Greek spot. We got a chicken souvlaki and chicken sandwich. 
Amazingly tasty meat with soft and warm pita. They have fries inside the sandwich which makes the sandwich very big but tastes great. Fast service and good portions. Tzatziki appetizer is another great way to start off ur lunch or dinner.
Lots of options on the menu and good overall service. 
Grab and go place right off campus. Probably would try a new place before going here again, just for a change. 
The only thing holding this place back is that nothing on the menu jumps off from traditional Mediterranean dishes.HUGE salads - great deal for the price. The salads could serve as two meals. Gyros are delicious, though I'm not a fan of fries inside them (would rather have them replaced with more meat or veggies).Terrible service,found a hair in my food and they refused to refund me. I work at a near by hospital and my floor frequently ordered from them, we stopped because of all the order mix ups and rude attitudes.Good food and a nice atmosphere if you're in the area. The food was not to pricey and incredibly filling. Staff was nice. Everything was clean.I've eaten in and had delivery.  All the gyros are solid and prices are decent as well.  I'm not sure how authentic it is but I mean gyros in general are pretty good.My regular go-to items at Greek Lady are the chicken gyro and french fries. The gyro is so large that I usually split it with someone and the french fries, in my opinion, are the best in the city. When I have people visit me from out of town they specifically request to go to lunch at the Greek Lady for the fries alone. The chicken salad is also fresh and large (comes with lettuce, red onion, cucumber, tomato, and hard boiled egg) and is big enough to be divided into three meals. I recommend the oil and vinegar dressing on the salad (it doesn't take away from the taste of the fresh chicken). 
Take-out does take awhile so it's best to call 30 minutes ahead to make sure it's ready when you come to pick up your food (especially important for workers at Penn that are on a timed lunch break). I honestly have never used the delivery service because of the yelp reviews saying the delivery is consistency late. If you come during peak hours (lunch and dinner) sometimes it's a little difficult to get a table. One of the best features of this restaurant is that it is CLEAN. The tables, floors, bathrooms and food areas (that you can see) are all very well kept. 
All in all a good place to get a quality meal at a low price. I come here every few weeks and I look forward to it.I used to love Greek lady until they reopened from renovations. I don't know what it was after that but the place has just become ridiculously crowded, excessively noisy, and most definitely not for those looking to have have just a regular eating experience. Breakfast I would not recommend at all. Due to the crowd everything seems a bit rushed to the point where they made my sandwich incorrectly THREE times. I got so annoyed I just ate it, wrong order and all. Completely unacceptable. If you plan on going here and want to skip the raging undergrad crowd, just takeout. On the plus side their salads have large portions and I hear the gyros are highly recommeded. However, for me this place is no longer worth the time or effort it takes to dine in.This place is an excellent authentic Greek cafe style restaurant with both fast food and traditional home style Greek sandwiches and dishes. The decor inside it very nice with a vintage taverna feel with modern accents.
I usually go for the chicken gyro sandwich and greek salads. I also like the home made Greek style dishes made daily on display right at the entrance.
There are also very delicious desserts, I'd you like good baklava and other Greek delicacies of the sort.Ordered delivery but after waiting two hours never received my delivery. When I called to inquire did not receive good customer service.I called right before they were about to close and the woman took my order anyway! My chicken gyro was all of that! I never leave here unsatisfied.Visited this place for the first time yesterday. Nice airy place, reasonable prices, and reasonably good food. The service was friendly and super fast. Had the chicken gyro, was pretty good. Will be back for more. I have heard that the feta cheese served here is excellent.I used to eat here almost  every single day back in college, getting a Greek Lady salad with grilled chicken. It was a reliable staple. The feta cheese was fantastic, service friendly, and price right for the serving size (one salad was easily two meals).
I went back recently and was a bit disappointed. They've expanded the space, which I suppose is great for them but it seems to have lost a lot of charm. The salad didn't seem as fresh as I remember (although the feta was still yummy) and the pita bread was really stale. Maybe it was just an off day or maybe my memory is inaccurate, but I think the Lady has begun to let herself go.I come here quite often with my church friends either before or after an event. There's more than enough space to accommodate large groups and the food is always plentiful. The curly fries are scrumptious. The chicken/lamb gyros are always stuffed with juicy meat and French fries. And the grilled chicken salad....holy do they give you a ton of food! And they give you pita on the side! So if you want to skip out on the calories but still end up full, get the grilled chicken salad. So worth it. (And treat yourself to a side of curly fries while you're at it!)I like Greek lady's food. Unfortunately, their catering is too hit and miss to use again. I ordered my food to be delivered at 11:45 AM, and they didn't show up until noon. noonThis was after they called that morning to confirm the time. Then they forgot to give us plates. It ended up ruining the entire event.I must say it was a pleasant surprise. They have much better food than you would expect from a counter-serve. We had lamb gyro; ingredients were fresh and crisp, and the portion was just right. Dessert (taifiki) was pretty unique with but tasted okay. Ample and comfortable seating is another plus. Will definitely return.I LOVE THE GREEK LADY! Been coming for years. My favorite has to be their lamb gyro! It's an amazing size for a great affordable price. This time I ordered a platter which came with two sides and a soup or salad. I got the salad, rice and baked vegetables. So much food I had enough for the next day. Also, their customer service is A1 I definitely recommend you make a visit!3.5 stars overall, a very solid value for food delivered FAST in University City.  French fries inside my gyro?  Don't know if I'll now start asking for that moving forward, but I gotta admit it wasn't too shabby.
Lamb gyro (as large as your head) ... 3.5 stars
Lemon potatoes ... 4 stars
Green beans ... 2 stars
Spanikopita ... 3.5 starsGetting really tired of them getting orders wrong, I try to be sympathetic here and there but it's a habit at Greek Lady that has be staying away.Quick and tasty food! I came here a lot when I went to Penn, and it is definitely a go to lunch and dinner (and even breakfast) spot for a lot of undergrads! I love their chicken gyros. The chicken is moist and juicy, with a crisp outer coating, and their gyros have French fries in it (which make it taste even better)!! They also have huge salads that will literally last you for days. There is indoor and outdoor seating, which is great for the upcoming summer!Great little spot for some Mediterranean and Greek food. Ordered a gyro salad and it was definitely large enough to share. The dolma and yogurt dip was flavorful as well. The prices were very decent in comparison to the portion sizes and would come here again. Whether you're taking it to go, sitting in the small eating area or on the patio, you'll have plenty of dining optionsOkay, so it is not like Greek Lady has amazing food. But it is pretty good and you get good value for your money. If you are in the University City area and need a casual, affordable breakfast, Greek Lady is great.
My favorite dish is at Greek Lady is the Greek Omelet. It is an omelet with feta cheese, spinach, and tomatoes. All of the omelets come with home fries or fruit. I usually get the home fries. The fruit they give you is mostly melon-type fruit, which I don't really like. I also really like getting a gyro if I need a quick dinner. The best value on the menu for sure is the salads. They are HUGE. And that means something coming from me. 
Overall, definitely don't go more than a few blocks out of your way to come here. But it is really convenient and great if you are in the area.As much I would love to give the Greek Lady five stars I cant. Let me first say the service was amazing, fast and friendly. However the food is another thing. Well I order the chicken gyro, Let me first say I didnt know they put french fries inside of it. What in the world. Instant turn off! I didnt know if I was eating dry french fries or dry chicken. The chicken I had in the gyro was dried out like it was on the grill too long. Now the veggies was amazing I order broccoli and string beans both was hands down the best. The hummus was to stiff for my liking and lacked flavor. It was very bland. I almost feel like I wasted my money because the only thing I like was my vegetables. Knowing what I now know if I did go back I truly know how to order. Will I be going out my way to come here.. Umm no.Currently been waiting for around 20 minutes for a to go order. Told the person... he ignored me and continued to bring out food for others, even though I could see mine on the counter behind him.The lamb gyro just isn't consistent anymore. Sometimes its heavy and full of meat, other times it light on the meat and filled with lettuce and fries. I got the platter once, that was a terrible waste of money. I will just accept it for what it is and take my chances.Today i had the lamb gyro and it was great!! The ingredients were fresh and they dont skimp on meat or tzatziki sauce.  The fries that are in the gyro were a welcome surprise.  This will be my new gyro spot :)I am a fan of this place!
Their pancakes are always a treat! their gyros very juicy and filling!
The home fries are the worst!
They can improve on their service thoughThe appetizer Sampler Plate is huge and everything on it tasted delicious. It fed four hungry people. My familyhad gyros and said they were good but not memorable.  I'm a grape leaves aficionado and their's pass with flying colors. The hispanic woman who delivers the food to the table is super sweet, however the woman running the kitchen and take-out orders is a real b!&@&.  She was yelling at the poor kitchen staff and was even curt with a customer who had food allergy questions. nothing is worst than witnessing poor treatment of restaurant workers who are trying to make an honest living.  I would have given more stars if it weren't for that lady...hope she isn't The Greek Lady!!