A healthier airport option, but disappointing service. The salad ingredients have decent quality, but they come drenched in dressing unless you order it on the side. The lady asked me to tell her "when," and promptly drenched the salad with a high-flow canister of dressing. I immediately told her to stop, but it was too late.
Oh, and when I paid for the salad they wouldn't give me a free cup of water. Ridiculous.Only giving this one star because zero is not an option. Terrible greasy flavorless food at a high price. If I had known how awful the breakfast sandwich would be (spongy fake egg, artificially smoked bacon), I would have just had the toasted everything bagel (no texture, vague onion flavor). Bad coffee: brown colored hot water. Nice servers though: it's not their fault.Good food, horrible service. Not friendly, they don't talk any more than to ask your order and tell you how much they owe.This is a mediocre restaurant cafe. They have a selection of salads, paninis, etc, which are overpriced and slightly above-average tasting at best. 
I got the Chicken Mozzarella panini (I think), and it was okay. It was like $8 though, which is ridiculous, considering it is literally bread, chicken, cheese and tomatoes put together. I also asked for a glass of water, and the lady told me they only had bottled water, which is ridiculous - they have a sink and I only wanted tap water. I bought an iced tea instead, which was mediocre, and of course, overpriced. 
I think Chickie's & Pete's, Auntie Anne's, and Jamba Juice are better options than this place at the airport. Wasn't a huge fan at all!Possibly the worst food I've ever eaten in my life. Totally deserves negative 1 stars. 
I decided on this place because it looked like the healthiest option in the terminal. I ordered a grilled chicken & avocado panini, a blueberry muffin & a water, and the water was the only thing I could stomach. 
I waited quite a while for my food & then had to rush to my gate, so it was only after I settled into my seat that I started to smell the food. It didn't exactly smell like food at all. I've never really smelled that odor before. I think it might be what yoga mats smell like when they're on fire. Anyway, I had to check that the odor was coming from the food bag, because it seemed so toxic. Yes, it was the food.
But the thing is, I was hungry & I'd just spent $15 on all of this & was hunkering down for a transcontinental flight. I decided to take a look: gray avocado, chicken covered by a layer of clear slime, one piece of limp iceberg lettuce on a roll. I cleared off the avocado & tried a tiny bite. I've never tasted, or perhaps untasted chicken like that before. It had no flavor, and practically no texture, and was definitely coated in un-identifiable slime... Not to mention the bread was now soggy with said slime and the chemical smell.
I quickly wrapped the sandwich back up & called the flight attendant to take it away. The smell was starting to make me sick & I couldn't wait for her to come by later in the flight with the trash bag.
I wasn't too upset, because I still had a giant blueberry muffin, and how can you go wrong with a muffin?? By making it tasteless! I suppose it's remarkable how they managed to get nearly no discernible taste into a baked good like that. Only the "blueberries" tasted vaguely sweet, but certainly not tart or any taste that someone blindfolded might determine as blueberry. Considering the large mass of carbs & gluten in my hand that tasted like spongy air, I wrapped the muffin up & put it aside too.
20 minutes later I had an Alaska Airlines Reuben sandwich in my hands. $6 and vastly superior. Tasty! No hint of chemical toxicity! Texture! 
I will never,ever go to this place again. They make airline food seem like Morimoto.I had a really good experience here. You get to choose the greens/meat/veggies/fruit/dressing you want on your salad, the salads are big, and the prices aren't inflated like most airport restaurants. The selection was good, the staff was friendly and seemed to care about getting my order right, and the ingredients were fresh. Much better than I expected from an airport salad.Just the kind of place I was looking for.  Between the salad and smoothie, I paid like $14, but it was tasty and it is the airport...terminal D btw.Breakfast was good. They were open super early which was nice(430am). So much better then the other choices around the terminal especially the Jet Rock cafe. That place is the worst place in the airport.I stopped in as I tracked every week.  The eggs and sausage were as expected, warm, not hot, and tasted like they had been there for 1/2hr.  No great surprises as they have them in the window, so you know what you are signing up for.
Incredulous that clerk now keep coin change and don't provide it unless asked.  While not concerned over $0.39, just curious whether trained to nickel and dime the customer, or not trained and consciously ripping off the customer.  Either way, I won't be back.Parmasian cheese as salad topping looks real but taste like plastic chips. Dressing is colored water with a some sugar and a hint of raspberry scent. Quinoa must be from last week.Stopped here for a "make your own" salad at 5pm on a Wednesday. They were low on salad- had one romaine and spring and organic. Got the romaine- added the fixings to make a Cesar salad (egg, shredded parm) and then was asked what dressing...said Cesar...they were all out and would not be getting anymore today. Felt terrible but ended up leaving without the salad- can't put ranch on a Cesar salad! Hope the service and selection improves in the future!I've eaten here before while waiting for a flight. Not bad food. But 5 minutes ago, I was in the restroom and followed one of their uniformed employees out. The guy never washed his hands,  just went back to the restaurant and to handling food. Last time I'll ever eat there.Overall it was one of the better places I saw in the airport, but it wasn't amazing. The salad greens were all fresh, the employees were all pretty friendly, and the prices seemed fair for an airport. My salad with organic greens cost $8.50 I think.
My complaint is that they vegetable toppings I received were super skimpy, but my salad was overwhelmed with the blue cheese I wanted. I mean, I love blue cheese and all, but isn't the cheese more expensive than some veggies (usually)? If so, why overload me with cheese when I want a salad.
I would go back though if I were in the airport in that terminal.Smoothie was so sweet I couldn't finish it. Good waste of $6. If you're looking for a light/healthy snack find something else.Stopped in here this morning because it was the only healthy option in the terminal. Pleasantly surprised by the menu selection. I was in the mood for a smoothie of the fill-me-up variety, not just fruit juice. Chose the muscle builder one in a size small and it hit the spot. Good of you like peanut butter with your fruit. Nice and freshly made to order. It was about $6 so I don't feel it was over priced for what I got in relation to where I was. 
The service is what is somewhat lacking here. I understand not liking your job but I don't want to be afraid you might not care enough to make my food correctly. The register clerk was cheerful and made up for it. 
I'd go here again if in the terminal.Extremely mediocre. I got the turkey chipotle Panini-the pickled onion was just not working. The employee working the cash register was being very rude to the other two employees and you could tell they were miserable. She was very unprofessional and obnoxious. It took about 18 min to get my panini and there was no line, so don't come here in a time crunch.Despite the name of beyond salads, I'm not sure anything else is worth trying. With a name and logo such as this, one can expect to find "green" and fresh products. In a sad reality, the parfaits are nothing but chemical fake flavored powder yogurt with saggy granola and frozen strawberries. 
The so called smoothies are nothing more than frozen fruits, sugar and ice. 
The employees are nice and do a great job selling what look healthy. 
If your diet consists of fried food and roadkill stews, than this place will provide you a healthy change. But for the more food aficionados, this place is just an illusion. Think twice before buying anything.Small wraps, not very tasty, and the breakfast food under the heat lamp looked suspicious. The cashier was indifferent towards me, but she was friendly with other customers with her same/similar skin color :-/Really wish I had looked at Yelp before ordering my food. Tuna wrap was average at best and too soggy. The prices are way too high.Service was good but eggs tasted like plastic mush. Maybe add salt next time. Salad items looked pretty good.I've purchased from Green Leafs twice now while waiting for flights. The first time I bought a smoothie and the second time some nonfat frozen yogurt. Both were great!
The smoothie tasted good but not fantastic. I forgot what kind I got, but they have a super extensive menu and you can even customize a bit (kinds of milk, yogurt as base instead of milk, etc.) Tons of fruity options as well as chocolatey rich options.
The froyo was awesome too. I got a nonfat swirl with chocolate and vanilla, and topped it with peanut butter and Reese's pieces. It was expensive -- almost $5.50 for the cup. But it tasted great and I knew I had to pay a premium for airport food. She put the peanut butter at the bottom of the cup, which I was wary of at first but then fell in love with by the end of my treat.Fast.   Decent choice of food.   Good coffee.   Organic ingredients.   Had a naan vegetarian wrap.   Was better than I expected for airport food!   Sandy the cashier was a lovely surprise .   She has a great attitude and serves the customers very well.I will never eat here again nor recommend this to anyone. We bought an ice cream in a cup and our two year old wanted to have a cone, plain cone. The lady then charged us a full price for an ice cream cone, just for the plain cone. 
I cannot fathom how a non-customer service restaurant can operate in the airport while being so unprofessional and flat out greedy! 
I will never EVER eat at this greedy restaurant again and I hope all you other parents out there do not support an establishment with such a complete lack of customer service values. HORRIBLE AND SHAME ON YOU GREENLEAFS. Although with green in the name it's clear they only care about short term profits.Worst experience ever!!! Really bad service! Saw his older lady being really mean to the customers. When it was my turn, she threw away my receipt to the trash by mistake. When I requested my receipt, she picked it up from the dirty trash wet with liquid to me. I asked her whether she can reprint. She refused and later handed me another receipt that was not even mine, which I can't use for company reimbursement. Terrible service! Will not be back.Terrible service. Counter staff were half awake this morning, no eye contact, like zombies they barely wait on you.
My breakfast was gummy cold eggs, translucent bacon that tasted like plywood. Everything was cold.
I had to beg for a napkin.
Tables dirty, spilled coffee on the floor.
It seems that I one cares here, so your breakfast could end up like mine, awful.
Avoid this place stall costs 
SincerelyCarmen met us with a friendly, energized greeting and she was absolutely on top of her game. We were happy to have healthy options and Carmen helped to answer questions to assist us in making selections that met my husband's dietary restrictions.  There were many options for soup, salad, and a tasty panini available to sample. Carmen was fast, efficient, and helped us procure a healthy bite to eat that was wholesome and satisfying. Also, the rest of the staff seemed to work well together, be well synchronized and as we were eating I observed this courteous and efficient service being extended to many other patrons who came after us.  The portions were generous and yes, it is more $ than you would pay in town but very reasonable for an airport.Oh, come on, guys!! For airport food, this place is the healthiest you can get in Philly!
Personally, I love these guys. I mean, come on--they've got fresh green juice with ginger for me!! They juice it right in front of me, and let me pick the exact contents I want. 
Along with that, they've got ORGANIC greens for salad, and the salads are good-- I use avocado instead of dressing and I'm perfectly content with that. 
Bottom line is that I can get all the green-joy I want in this place, and they deserve a good review!! 
Lastly, the managers are really nice here. Yes, sometimes you get a sourpuss worker, but you get that anywhere. Who wants to work in a "fast food" joint in an airport? Cut 'em some slack, and enjoy your healthy meal! :p I paid $14.02 for my meal, and that's an airport bargain for 'ya.Whilst chillin in PHL, I yelped myself to this place. I was aimin for Le petit bistro, but couldn't find it (I'm not good w being smart). So to the salad store I went. Had the Asian salad and enjoyed it. Dressing on the side worked as the chicken and other stuff had enough crap on it that it still tasted good. I was happy w the salad and the greens will be good for my poop. Yay!Green Leafs is a quick serve soup, salad and sandwich bar located in the Philadelphia airport. Staff seemed a bit distracted and did not provide a friendly welcome. They have a medley of different salads to choose from or to make your own. Ingredients seemed fresh and plentiful. Price points are reasonable given salad weight. There is also a soup and sandwich component to this establishment. The food was OK to slightly lower than OK, hence the MEH. If the service was better, I think it would get to a 3-star rating. Perhaps it is a nice change from the typical burger and fries at the airport. Good luck and enjoy your stay in Philadelphia!!Not bad of a place. I liked their spicy southwest chicken sandwich. Little crunchy on the outside and juicy inside. I would recommend this place.Worst smoothie EVER! It's hard to mess up a smoothie....but it was so thick....and as soon as I started drinking it my stomach started hurting!!!! what the Heck! I've passed by this place a thousand times and I'm so sorry I stopped!Worst wrap I've ever had. I took one bite and threw it in the trash, the lettuce looked like it had froze and thawed and the chicken was filled with pepper and fatty. So I opted for the fruit. With was $6 and not ripe. Go elsewhere!I ordered a sandwich and a smoothie.  I realized I meant to order fruit and ice and told the girl serving me I'm sorry I actually wanted a fruit and ice not a smoothie.  She looks at me like the world ends and when I turn away to go pay I see her shaking her head like "what's wrong with that person".  I ignore it until literally 30 seconds later another person orders a regular smoothie and the same girl from 10 feet away loudly yells "yes thank you!".   That was my breaking point and I walked away.  If you're going to be rude to me, you're getting no business sorry but not sorry the place across from you was way better anyways.This is the second time I've been forced to fly united and consequently, come to green leaf's. Both times the staff have been complete and total pros. Relaxed, chatty, smiling... And the rarest Philadelphia retail animal...happy. Seriously, id pay more any day just for human beings like these to wait on me in a restaurant. Kudos to management for creating what must be a pleasant work environment...or maybe they're just naturally pleasant! Plus my smoothies were good too.Seriously laim Airport food...
Make sure to ask for a receipt... They will not openly offer one.I don't even want to give them 1 star. I have been to a lot quick airport restaurants but this is the worst. First off the location of where the order line starts is confusing. When u do place an simple order the staff seems confused. As u watch and wait there seems to be a lot of chaos. Employees shouting out completed orders. Past customers coming back to get their orders corrected. When I got my ham, egg croissant sand which it was missing the Ham. They included cheese which I ordered no cheese. Management seriously need to a hard look at this place and reorganize it.DONT LET THE LINE OF LEMMINGS FOOL YOU. Bacon, Egg. & Cheese Platter With Potato: Scrambled Eggs here are bland and not fresh. Potatoes are disgusting, hollow little squares of grease, puffy with very little real potato on the inside. Highly processed everything for breakfast. Almost the worst breakfast ever. Do not recommend this place. Maybe they would not kill a bagel with cheese.I'm surprised to see any negative comments. Green Leafs was the BEST place I've dined in so far at the Philly airport. The topping were plentiful, the staff was uber helpful and friendly, and EVERYTHING was fresh. I was VERY pleased!!! This was one of the best salads I have ever had ... even beyond the airport!The sandwich taste was fine. It was about 2/3 the size of the other sandwiches on display in the cooler. The service was terrible!! I stood there more than 60 seconds while the clerk stocked cookies while facing me and not once said, I will be with you or even make eye contact. Finally when she was ready to take the order she stood and looked at me and then said "do you want to order something?" She had real who gives "a" demeanor. I was kinda surprised there was not more training before putting her on the front line. No time to ask for a manager, had to catch a flight.If I could give 0 stars, I would! RUDE. I stopped at 4:30 prior to my 6 am flight. Lights all on, food out and ready, and a young lady standing at the register texting away. I walked up and said good morning. Her response: no. No? I giggled and said I'd like a smoothie. Her response: I said no, we are closed until 5.... I said oh, I didn't realize with you standing here at the register. Her response, I'm just texting, not working. CLEARLY. No hospitality at this place! It could have gone a much different, more polite way. Dunkin' next door was clearly a better option. Seems this is a common experience here based on the reviews so hoping they get closed next for a better, friendlier option. Never again.This review is because of the lack luster customer service being provided today. 6/24/19. They are busy doing stuff that isn't needed at the moment when they have customers waiting to order.. Super slow service, but the salad was fine.Most rude staff at an airport I've ever encountered. It says on their menu they can make smoothies non diary. Not one staff knew that "non-dairy" meant. Ridiculous. Do not go herePretty good for airport food. At least you can feel healthy eating a salad or some yogurt. I've had a couple salads here and they have been alright. The people are very friendly but the last time I was there it was incrediibly slow. That would have concerned me if I didn't have plenty of time for my flight. I think there may have been some new people training or something because they were all over the map on who was supposed to be doing what behind the counter.Decent service but the "healthy" smoothie was disgusting. Way too sweet. I believe it's made with soft serve ice cream. Not a healthy smoothie at all.With 25 minutes left before boarding we ordered the frozen yogurt - mine with 1 topping (granola) - my daughter opted out of tipping because she felt the $1.10 PER TOPPING too much to pay. I was eager to have a topping though I regretted it quickly once I saw the attendant sprinkle about a half a teaspoon full of granola whilst spilling quite a bit of the precious over-priced  kernels over & into the trash can where he held it. What  waste of money!   The frozen yogurt, itself, was ok but certainly not the best I've had. For the $5 or $6 price per small yogurt.   I don't think it worth it especially given the rushed service.   Learned lesson reinforced here... don't buy at the airport unless you are really really really hungry & the onboard peanuts & drink won't do.This place is trash. The wrap I got was so soggy it was inedible. One more disappointing and disgusting thing about the Philly airport, not to mention the city itself. Save yourself the headache, and possibly an episode of digestive problems.Got moved to a different flight without much time to get food for a transcon flight. 
Ordered their caprese sandwich which was nice quantity and a good amount of quality mozzarella. Also very happy that the pesto sauce wasn't creamy/mayo-based.Good smoothie, but obnoxiously rude manager? 
Asked him about the large vs small smoothie, asked to see cut, tough to visualize numbers. He gave me dirty look and reply. After I paid, no thank you, nothing.
I guess when you are at the airport you can treat people like crapWide selection of healthy foods. Sometimes I worry, when ordering a healthy smoothie, if it's really going to be healthy. This green smoothie has spinach, banana, nonfat yogurt, and ice. It tastes amazing!!My flight was delayed and it was pretty late so many restaurants were closed. I noticed this place had put up most of their food and began cleaning. However, I walked over and asked were they selling some of their food that was out and they stated yes.
Customer service was awesome considering they were about to close and trying to get home I'm sure. I ordered a wrap and yogurt and they both were great.I had the fruit cup and the fruit so fresh and flavorful.  Special recognition needs to go to the staff. Every single person was friendly, helpful and efficient. This little place makes PHL a much nicer experience for any tired traveler.The staff was nice and gracious but the salad was really bad and overpriced. I also ordered an express pineapple smoothy and it was bad too. I wouldn't repeat this place.What a shame.  This place has so much potential for a healthy, hearty meal, but WOW, the staff just RUINS it.  Not only are they unprofessional, but they're spreading disease!  I ordered a salad in a wrap, and although the woman behind the counter did put on gloves to start the process, she then proceeded to wipe her sniffling nose on her gloves about 4 times during my salad making process.  She put the salad in the wrap with those nasty sick gloves.  I wasn't even sure I was seeing what I was seeing, and I had already paid for it by the time she got to the wrapping.  I wish I'd had enough sense to ask for my $13.55 back!  I ended up tossing the whole thing in the trash.  (Better to waste $13 then to be sick for 2 weeks!)  I watched her continue to make food for people and continue to touch her face and nose through the entire process.  I wonder how many people she made sick.  I looked for a manager to discuss the situation, but NO one behind the counter was taking their job seriously enough for me to think there was a manager onsite.  (This was 30-Dec-2019 at 6:31PM ET, if Green Leaf's wants to check who was working that night.)  It's such a shame because they have the BEST options in the airport for healthy food.  Too bad it gives you a cold or flu!Stopped here for lunch. Tons of healthy options. Make your own salads from fresh ingredients. I had the clam chowder and tuna wrap.  Food was really fresh and good, refreshing for an airport.  
They are located at the end of Terminal D.  
Service was amazing.  Fast and friendly.Reasonably decent wraps at reasonable airport prices. However the service was challenging. I got the "choose 2" tomato basil soup and quinoa wrap (vegetarian friendly). I also got the super fruit smoothie. At $8 for the meal and $4 for the smoothie, you can't beat the price at the airport. However the worker was trying to push pre-made sandwiches on me that weren't vegetarian which wasn't too cool.
If you're in terminal D, it's a decent cheap option, but I wouldn't venture across the airport for this.Really disappointed in the lack of healthy breakfast options. Who doesn't offer oatmeal these days? How about soy or almond milk? Even Dunkin Donuts has almond milk.This place is completely disorganized! After ordering our salads we got into line to pay. People are standing everywhere ordering salads and sandwiches and it's a totally mess. My sister wanted to order a smoothie and asked what was in it and the girl had no idea. She finally got an answer from 3 confused people who worked there and ended up getting the wrong smoothie (she ordered strawberry and got piña colada). When we went to pay they said which salads are yours? Looking at them they all looked the same and no one knew who's salads were whose. The salads were mediocre. I wouldn't recommend!I'm going to give five stars because the salad was good and the guy who made it was great. Awesome personality and made me feel welcome. Girl working the register was the complete opposite and looked like she smiles when someone slips on the ice. 
It can get expensive, but still a good deal for an airport. I can't stop at four ingredients so I loaded it up but felt I still received great value for what I paid. You also get one free drink refill which they absolutely do NOT have to offer, especially at PHL. 
Everything was fresh and well prepared! I also get the impression that if you weren't happy with your purchase the gentleman would make it right.Decent salad for airport food. One of the healthier options for sure! I'd stop again if I was in terminal D.Okay, I don't have that much to say about Green leafs and Bananas but I will say that their food and smoothies are absolutely out of this world; amazingly delicious.  Green Leafs and Bananas is located at the airport in Philly right next to Delta Airlines departing gate.  After a very long flight plus a layover in St Paul, Minnesota, my husband and I only had a small bowl of cereal that morning plus some complimentary snacks on the plane which consisted of a tiny bag of almonds and some ice water, we were absolutely starving!  Green Leafs and Bananas was right in front of us and we wanted to eat anything at that point; I am extremely happy we decided to eat here.  I got a tomato and mozzarella panini sandwich and a strawberry smoothie and my husband got a turkey and cheese panini sandwich and a soft drink.  The panini bread was grilled and the cheese was melted perfectly and gooey (yum)!  My strawberry smoothie was super delicious and one of the best smoothies I have ever tasted.  My husband loved his panini as well and the price of our meals were not expensive either.  Other items on the menu included smeared bagels, soft served frozen yogurts with toppings and make your own salads too.  This was the perfect place to satisfy our hunger pains and quite delicious too.