Great lil coffee shop with a wide selection of loose tea. Nice atmosphere that makes you forget you're in a college townish area, has a more mature vibe inside without being pretentious. A beautiful middle ground. The guy behind the cash register is friendly and informative as well.It's a cute/hippy place but their oatmeal (what I got) and cappuccino was mehhh probably won't come here by myself to get food but maybe with friends 
The cups that held the drinks were old and chipped :/ not sure if too sanitaryI've never been particularly fond of Green Line Cafe. The staff has always seemed kind of disaffected and the food is mediocre. Still, when it comes to coffee I'm not picky and I certainly like anything free trade. 
However, just a few minutes ago I went to buy a small iced coffee. It was $2.50 and being visibly filled almost entirely with water. Even still, fair trade is something I'll pay more for. It took me about fifteen minutes to get a simple iced coffee because two girls, who were way hipper and more bubbly than me apparently, were gaining all of the attention of the staff. Even the manager. When I finally got my iced coffee, I went to put a lid on it and it accidentally slipped and fell spilling everywhere. Keeping in mind that I just paid these people $2.50 for a small container of mostly water, it would have made a great impression for them to offer me another. Instead, they chose to avoid eye contact and act extremely put out as they cleaned the spill. I thought about buying a second one, but decided I didn't want to give their business anymore money.Cosy enviroment, cool staff, great art.  The drinks aren't great, probably a little overpriced, but the environment is chill, and the music isn't played too loud, so its a good place to read, study, or have a conversation.A very cute place to get some work done. I loved the teas and relaxed atmosphere. The zucchini panini was great. Highly recommendDear favorite barista (hey girl).
Thank you for waking me up, laughing at my terrible jokes, and tolerating me.
You are the very best.
BrookeGreen Line is a cool little place tucked away in Powelton.  It's good if you want to work and have coffee on hand.  The barista is really personable and the coffee isn't half bad.i think i like this place more than i should because it is so close by, but i do like it a lot.  they're coffee is strong, they're galleria is constantly changing, and one of the counter boys is pretty cute.  sometimes i blog from there, but with the trolly rumbling by, its easy to get distracted.I really enjoy this Green Line and consider it my favorite neighborhood coffee shop.
The coffee is always hot and quite decent, the seating is surprisingly plentiful, and the back patio is a wonderful place to spend a sunny morning or afternoon.  If it's cold and/or rainy outside, two of my favorite places to sit are at the front window bar (great people watching) or in the back by the bathroom.  There's free wi-fi and plenty of outlets.  The staff and clientele can be quirky sometimes, but that's just part of why I like it here so much.  Remember to bring cash, because they don't accept credit cards.It's another green line cafe.  What to expect?   Friendly baristas.  Small seating area.  Some food items.  A little back yard patio thing.  Not bad overall.A great cozy and quiet place to study. Highly recommended for that purpose. I knocked down a star cause their coffee was fairly ordinary. They have some nice cold sandwiches which you can request to be heated up.Great! But they don't cook in house so the selection is limited and not as fresh as some other locations.This place is seriously what dreams are made of.
I love their selection of sandwiches, baked goods and beverages. I absolutely love their sweet potato burrito and their "Steve" sandwich (both are vegan.) The Steve sandwich has marinated tofu and it is amazing!! 
They usually have vegan Dottie's donuts too, which are incredible. The tea selection is vast and I've never been disappointed with any of them.Green Line Cafe is a nice little place to grab brunch. I came here on a Sunday morning with three friends, and though there aren't many seats inside, it wasn't very crowded so we managed to snag a table right away.
We each ordered a sandwich/burrito, which are all premade and stored in the fridge - you just grab the one you want, and they heat it up for you. I got the sweet potato burrito, which I really liked - in addition to sweet potato, it was also stuffed with black beans, salsa, chipotle aioli, spinach, and rice. It was a little spicy. The burrito made a good lunch, but I started to get hungry again about two hours later, so I'd recommend it if you're looking for something light. I also ordered an iced Moroccan mint tea, which was nice and refreshing.
Conclusion: Green Line Cafe is a good option to check out if you're looking for a quiet, sunny cafe that serves food beyond the usual cafe pastries!You mean to say I've never reviewed Green Line Cafe before? Geese louise.
When I moved across the street from Green Line, I was very pleased. I had stopped here before for the Mayan Chai, and it was amazing. But when I came on future stops, I was disappointed that it closed early or didn't serve any kind of warm food, or even sandwiches.
AND THEN THEY RENOVATED.
The renovation was a magical time, during which they were closed, but still served morning beverages between 7 and noon for regulars via a little cart outside. When they re-opened, the space was bigger, beautiful, and featured lovely front and back outdoor seating. They're open until 8, now, too. Also, they have free wi-fi, and it's hassle free. And quick. I'm using it right now, for the cost of a hot tea (1.65 for a small, 1.90 for a large, .50 sit-in refills on all hot (and maybe cold) beverages, tax included.)
So, what is so fantastic about the new and improved green line's products? Well, Green Line is one of those Vegan-friendly places. As a non-vegan, I'm sure we all know that sometimes you feel a little uncomfortable wanting something non-vegan in a fair-trade, organic coffee shop. WELL NOT ANYMORE. In addition to their fantastic line of beverages (coffee, hot teas, espress, cappuccino, cafe mocha, chai latte, cafe au lait, milk steamer, and hot cocoa... plus iced variants, house sodas, italian soda, fizzy lizzies, ginger brew, and juices) they now offer pastries (variety croissants, muffins, cookies, biscotti, bagels, to name a few) , Route 11 potato chips, fruit cups, yogurt, granola, and sandwiches! I think the sandwiches are especially interesting, in wraps and bread and such, including tuna, ham, or even vegan chicken salad and veggie options. Real food! Sandwiches! Yes! And half-price day-old baked goods!
I just finished a bagel with cream cheese and pesto, and will be refilling my jasmine green tea (complimentary with hot-water only), then adding complimentary serve-yourself honey and raw sugar.
If you're disatisfied with your drink, feel free to mention what could make it better, and they usually remake it or offer changes for free. Also, check outside for their cute quotes and specials. The music inside in lots of indie (pheonix, edward sharpe, etc) but is sure to blend in crowd pleasers like the ramones and coldplay hits. Also, they sometimes sell cute, homemade crafts, as well as the local art all over the walls.
The only downsides: CASH ONLY. Be prepared. Also, this eco-friendly restaurant uses "green" toilet paper which can sometimes be a real bother!
KEEP YOUR EYE OUT FOR SEASONAL DELIGHTS. Right now they offer shots of maple or pumpkin to your beverages :)
HOURS: 7-8 weekdays, 8-3 weekends
Green Line Caters. :)Not sure what it is, but I've had much better customer service experiences at the Powelton location recently.  Nice!If I lived in this area, Green Line would get a good portion of my paycheck.
I love popping in after a yoga class and the barista doesn't seem to mind my sweatiness. I took some of their french roast whole beans home and my husband (a picky coffee drinker) raved about it, saying it was better than La Columbe. 
The outdoor patio area quaint and cozy. Someday, I'd like to sit back there and read a good book while sipping on some delicious coffee and eating a Dottie's doughnut.This Green Line Cafe location is great! Their tea and coffee drinks definitely helped me get through long days of yoga training. The cafe is small but has seating both indoors and outside when the weather is nice, and people definitely take advantage of the quiet, calm atmosphere to get work done. Plus, the staff is always friendly and quickly fills orders. Even the baked goods are tasty, and several are vegan! I tried a spicy chocolate cookie and a banana cookie, and both were a nice, large size and super yummy, crunchy edges, soft middle, mmmmm!This is an update to my previous 5 star review, which I have left posted beneath:
When I first moved to Powelton Village five years ago, our Greenline was operating at a higher level, I would have compared it to any great cafe in the city. To spite the best efforts of the current staff, which is friendly and capable, the cafe seems neglected, as hardly anything has been updated since the day I walked in for the first time. 
great place to grab a cup of coffee! If you popping in and want something seasonal, go for their pumpkin spiced latte. I'd also like to mention that this place really brings the community together, its a great place to meet new people, and have a conversation. Lastly, Its important to mention that they now accept plastic, which was my only complaint in the past. I full heartedly recommend the Green Line, I will be there weekly as long as I am a Philadelphian.Green Line is one of my favorite places to get coffee. The quality of the coffee is excellent, and they have the most amazing cherry apple walnut bagels. Their other snacks and bottled beverage selection is very good as well, and they also have a great selection of tea. I like that the space is comfortable and pleasant, the staff is friendly, and I have always been able to find a place to sit. I've spent a fair amount of time using the free wifi, which is very much appreciated. The seats by the window are a lovely place to enjoy the scenery and people watch. Highly recommended if you're looking for coffee and wifi near Drexel.My iced tea was more than $2, but the store is adorable and a great study place on a weekday morning. They have sidewalk seating, but also a great screen porch out back! It's very small, though... Not for groups of more than 3 people.Cute little coffee shop!  The staff is friendly and the coffee is excellent!Green line is a good cafe in this area . I think they have good flavors here. I have had the chai and it was alright . However I have had some hands-down, drop-dead amazing chai though, so there's a high bar there . The chai tastes watered down at green line so if you get a dirty chai all you taste is coffee . It's really "light" on flavor . Today I got the cold brew . The coffee here is on the bitter side whether it's expresso or shots , but I would order a cold brew again . It is NOT as bitter as Starbucks for comparison . 
What gives green line a bump above three stars for me is the food ! I have had the breakfast burrito , egg and cheese and egg and turkey bacon breakfast sandwiches . They are super fresh and seem to be made of quality, natural ingredients . They get a fresh shipment everyday ! So when they are out, they are out . On weekdays you can usually get the breakfast foods you want past 11 but on the weekend I have gone at 10 and they are out of everything . They also have bagels and muffins . As a bonus they have vegan options for any hungry vegans out there (: . The prices are good and there are plugs in the wall . People are always working here when I come in , it is a tiny place but never overcrowded . A quality joint .Their latte is enough to keep me coming back. Simple and great. Their food selection is delicious and accommodating. Service is pleasant. A neighborhood gem.This place is great!! 
The drinks are awesome. I'm both sad that it's just outside where most Penn students go (because they don't get even more business and money from that demographic), but also glad because it makes Green Line Powelton even easier for me to enjoy! (selfish, I know...) 
Green Line Powelton - there are so many reasons to love you!! 
Drinks = A+
Service = A++
Price = A (you pay a fair price for what you get!)
My only wish - that they would take credit cards! 
p.s. - They also sell yummy Route 11 chips!Cafe Loftus is one of the only non-Starbucks coffeeshops for what seems like miles around.  It's got a trendy/loftlike feel to it, spacious, airy, all of those adjectives found in ads for loft rentals.  The coffee was decently strong and the chai was very good.  I was addicted to iced-chai in this summer and when I was going to class at Temple Center City, it was the only place I could go and comfortably spend my hard earned dollars and know they weren't going to the corporate coffee ho.This is probably my favorite Green Line, mostly because they are usually not crowded when I go there (except for one terrifying Saturday morning when an entire dance school full of small, screaming children and their mothers came flooding in). But anyway, the coffee is really good here and, although they don't have a lot of food options, they do offer some good bagel toppings like hummus and vegan cream cheese. The staff are generally courteous and mellow, and it's a pretty good place to get work done without (usually) a lot of background noise. The only real complaint I have is that they're not open very late at all - they close around 5 or 6 most nights, even earlier on weekends and in the summer.This place is amazing. So many delicious, fresh, sandwiches delivered daily that they'll heat up for you on the spot. Really cozy space and a beautiful, hidden back garden that has... wait for it... outlets. If you want to change your life try the sweet potato burrito. The staff is incredibly unique and friendly and definitely add to the ambience. Awesome vegan options.Many people like this place, but here are three facts, in increasing order of bewilderment:
1) At 10 AM they had ran out of most items on their already limited menu.
2) The cappuccino was served in a much smaller mug than usual.
3) The barista at the time (the girl with the double buns) was first grumpy and then got really rude to us: She had been unfriendly to start with, then she got irritated when my wife cancelled the yogurt (still unopened). Then when I wanted to order a second cappuccino (= my mistake), she pointed to the other guy who was standing behind (!) me in line and said patronizingly: "There's other people standing in line who may have been here first!" This guy shrugs, knows he is in line after me, but takes advantage of the situation, and starts giving his order. So I say: "Hey, I was here first, and I'm standing in front of you in the line!" He says lethargically: "Fine." Then the barista says: "OK, OK, I'll get you your coffee!" And as she turns around, she says: "But are you sure you want another coffee, haven't you had enough caffeine?" I was just baffled, thanked for the coffee, waited for my wife, and we left, baffled, never to return.This place is really just made for coffee and pastries, though they have some pre-made sandwiches and a panini press. It is small, but not uncomfortably so. the coffee is some of the best in the area, and the service is absolutely awesome. We were having brunch at sabrina's about six blocks away, and this was the perfect place to kill the wait, though I would definitely come back just to have a coffee and hang out.Since I live in the neighborhood, I find myself at Green Line quite often.  The coffee is quite delish and that's high marks from this coffee snob.  I typically hate fair trade (sorry y'all), but for some reason, theirs is really effing good.  What I REALLY love is their teas.  I have yet to find a Moroccan mint that even comes close to theirs.
I've had a few of the pastries and they are delish.  The everything bagel is well worth the calories as well.
The inside is cute with pretty awesome and constantly changing artwork from local artists.  Also, the manager Dave is a super nice guy.Oh yes the green line! This place has become my habit when every I set foot in the city of brotherly love. Located on the vicinity of Drexel university you'll almost certainly see a few students with there laptop working mixed in with a few locals and regulars. The coffee is absolulty amazing great taste always fresh and warm and one of the things I look forward to when in Philly. The staff is as friendly as it can be. It seems to be a chain in Philadelphia but it has such a mom and pop feel it's great for any patron looking for a place to get work done or for the quick Java stop and intake a bit of the local scenery and unwind. By far the best coffee shop and preferred coffee stop during my east coast visits. You don't have coffee like this everyday. ExceptionalAn awesome coffee shop chain that's small and quaint enough for a chill study session or coffee date, without the chaotic corporate feel of Starbucks. I had a very good cappuccino. They use great quality espresso beens. Their bakery items are great as well! Their croissants look amazing. The employees are also super nice.Nice small cafe, was close to our air bnb. Although sandwiches appeared premade (they heated them for you), they were good and had a nice selection. Also had vegetarian and Vegan options for those interested.  Coffee was good and staff friendly.I think what bumped this coffee shop up a notch in my mind is it's back patio seating. Obvi, not open for winter... but I like places that have outdoor seating. This place isn't super huge and so I can appreciate all the good about it-- they have pre-made breakfast sandwiches that they can warm up for you, bagels, muffins, cookies and good chai. Not the best I have in the city, but still pretty decent. Lots of tea options too!I LOVE this place. I got so much work done at this quiet, friendly cafe. There's a very welcoming & warm vibe here. I ended up working for a solid 2 1/2 hours here and never got the you-should-leave-already look that I often get at cafes that I stay over an hour in. Did I mention that their espresso is super smooth and delicious? That helps, too. Ended up getting 3 (count 'em!) americanos. There are quite a few options for food, too, and they look like they're easy to grab and go wherever you're headed if you don't want to sit and chill. If you have a lot of work to do, I recommend hanging out here and sitting at the counter by the window. You might have to sneak onto one of the neighboring store's wifi, though. :)This place is nice and quaint. The coffee is ok for me, it depends on the day but the food is realllly good. They have a few vegan options which is really nice, the sweet potato burrito is a must try. Sometimes there's no seating, or it's one person, so it's a place to go by yourself most of the time. Perfect for getting work done. The baristas (if that's what they're called sorry if I'm wrong) are super cool too! Outdoor seating too!This place has great coffee and food and teas and all the things. All the dudes who work there are super nice. My only issue is that in the mornings there is often a line , I get that it's not a high traffic place otherwise but I think they should have a swing shift of some kind. This corporate chain coffee spot just opened up nearby and it sucks having to run in there instead cuz it's fast. I'd much rather support green line. I guess quality takes more time.Green Line Powelton is one of the closest coffee shops to my apartment, and it's a pleasure to take a walk there in the morning.  The cafe itself is tiny, but it seems like there's always ample space to sit.  It seems like what they offer is pretty similar to the other two locations - tea, coffee, bagels, muffins, yogurt, OJ, sandwiches, etc.  I love the selection of teas, and I'm a big fan of the atmosphere inside (very quiet compared to the other two!).  
My only real complaint is about the service.  I know the locations share staff, but somehow I've never had encounters at the other locations like I've had at this one.  The baristas here usually don't crack a smile or say hi to me - it seems like they may have a few regulars they're chummy with, but it feels like other customers get ignored when they're around.  I've also never received a thank you or a smile when I tip (which I try to do every time, even for just a cup of tea).  Hey, I know it's not a big deal to fork over a dollar for the tip jar, but considering the staff's reliance on tips, you'd think I'd get a slightly warmer response for doing my part.
While I love getting my morning caffeine fix here, I've got to say I've been getting a little ambivalent recently.  Need to weigh the pros of delicious food and tea versus the cons of really uncomfortable interactions with staff.What a nice spot! Got a good cheap iced coffee and a yummy and also cheap breakfast burrito, which the friendly barista warmed up to panini-grill-mark perfection. The inside is a decent space with lots of art hanging, and there are a couple sidewalk tables as well.
Only 1 tiny thing--maybe a little bit less ice in the coffee? It got diluted quite fast. Anyhow, I would definitely go again if I were in the area.I'm not much of a coffee drinker (more of a tea guy), but I really enjoy getting both from Green Line. The barista is always friendly and is super knowledgeable about all of their offerings, for example after telling her the type of coffee I usually enjoy she was able to pick the perfect variety for me and was even able to convince me to abstain from adding sugar (this NEVER happens when I drink coffee, but I'm glad I listened). I have never tried any of their food except for the occasional bagel, which is good, but because I'm not a big breakfast eater (well, in the morning anyway) I usually avoid some of their other offerings.
The prices are very reasonable and even after customizing your order with numerous additions you'll be pleasantly surprised with the final cost. My only real gripe is their hours, they open early but close very early as well so it makes it impossible for me to stop by after work, but it's understandable given the area (Powelton Village). While I may not be as passionate about my coffee as most (read: Wawa suffice on most days), I do think they are one of the better shops in all of Powelton Village (read: 400% better than Wawa) and I definitely think you should stop in and give them a try.Great little coffee shop. Very peaceful. Barista is friendly. Perfect place to work.While Green Line does have good coffee, I've never had a good experience there. They're almost always out of multiple baked goods (despite whatever time of day you visit). Also, they're always understaffed. This morning I waited in line for nearly 15 minutes with only 5 people ahead of me. There was only one employee behind the bar. Highly annoying. I've tried Green Line a few times and it has never redeemed itself. Will not be going back. If the coffee wasn't so good, I'd have given it 1 star.Came here with friends while waiting to get a table at Sabrina's. The coffee is not good for being an americano, I guess the espresso machine is bad. It tasted weird and also the place itself had a terrible odor, an awful smell 100% Arabic cleaning products blend. The 3 stars are because their bagels and vegan cream cheese was really good but other than that is not a good place for coffee. The place needs an extreme makeover, looks like a piggery.It's nice quite place to get a way and focus on writing and reading. The service is always quick and the employees are always polite. They have outside seating in the back. One area for improvement could be the selection of meat products on the menu. Another is the spacing sometimes it can become a little crowded when the line grows. They should add more chairs and tables outside for people to relax, well when it gets warmer.Yet another reason to love Green Line Powelton: the recent renovations are absolutely gorgeous! It was always cute, but now there are huge open windows unencumbered by black metal grates, a porch, or tables on the porch. It's sunny and the new paint job is really nice and soothing. Also, there's a bar near the window for improved people-watching. Really nice job, and as always, the baristas are nice, the sandwiches tasty, and the coffees and teas delicious.I really enjoy this place being relatively close for when I need weekend morning coffee in a pinch. Kind employees, cozy atmosphere, great experience all around.Great coffee shop perfectly poised in Center City.  The coffee is  La Colombe, which is delicious and strong as hell.  I run around the city like a ADD Japanese kid after I leave.
  The owner frequently has cool photography/paintings adorning the walls.  It has high ceilings and good satellite radio music.  You can grab a bagel or a PB and J to munch on and the windows open up the place on a nice day.  
  It is a little small with less than comfortable seats, but it has a similar feel to some of the coffee shops I went to in Lima.  
  It's a great place.  Go there for the happy hour and get fifty cent espresso shots and green tea iced tea.  The service is all from some of the most friendly people around (unlike The Last Drop where you leave soaked in pretention).  Few places make me want to go out of my way to go there, especially when you can get decent coffee all over the place in Philly.  I make special trips to Loftus because it is worth it.Cute little cafe tucked away in Powelton Village. Came to get breakfast on Sunday, and to my surprise there was even a short line. I had the plain bagel with jam (this was just Smucker's jam served on the side),  and a drip coffee. both of which were good. Cutting off one star because I came with a friend who is gluten-free for the sole reason that they sell gluten-free bagels, but they did not have any which was disappointing. 
This is a small cafe, so table seating is limited but there is also a small bit of outdoor seating in the back.The food here is great and so is the coffee. It's a great place to study or just relax. Staff are friendly and helpful but it can get a little busy since there is only one person working the cafe at a time. Usually it's not a problem though.Tiny, simple, has outdoor seating. Good coffee, great vegan options on the menu, including the awesome vegan doughnuts! Had the pistachio&matcha doughnut, sweet potato burrito (vegan, yummy, very filling) and an americano for $11-something.It is good most of the baristas are nice except this one tall guy and the coffee. It also good selection of sandwiches vegan and meat sandwiches.Thank you for accommodating our semi-large party by letting us rearrange two-tops :) I still love pumpkin shots.
I'm disappointed that your later hours have already been revoked... I arranged an evening tea there, and after 30 minutes I was told it was closing time, cutting my catch up session super short... ie 2 hours early. le sigh.Today, I finally had the perfect coffee from the Green Line. I've lived in Philadelphia almost four years and I jump from coffee shop to coffee shop, trying to find 'it'. 
Large latte, vanilla, with skim. 
This Green line has a really cheery interior, with a hidden back porch. People watching in the front room is amazing, especially if you get there before noon. There is a crowd of ballet Mom's who will talk (at great length and IMMENSE detail) about their pregnancies and how much fluid they retained. A+ people watching/listening. 
Below Yelpers complain about how this cafe is always out of food, which I have not seen to be the case. This morning I was able to get my favorite yogurt (Black Cherry from Toy Cow Creamery) and orange juice and there was plenty left over. 
Either way. This is the only cafe in Powelton Village. It's hours cater to the Upenn/Drexel student and the proud parents of local ballerina's/fencers. Yes, the fencing people are even more ridiculous than the ballet parents. You can tell them apart by their HUGE gear bags.I like this Green Line Cafe better than the Green Line on Locust. Seems a little more homey and a little less sterile. Staff here always seems very happy they always very helpful. Good coffee and good toasted bagels. Seems to be mostly frequented by the stopping-by-everyday locals who are known by name.
This location also has a nice small patio in the back to use when the weather is nice. 
I like that all Green Lines showcase local artists.This is my neighborhood cafe and I love it! They have outdoor seating in the front and the back, as well as two rooms with table seating. I'm not always a fan of the music that they play- but I always have my headphones with me so that's not an issue. The staff here is always nice, and the vibe is generally quiet enough that I can get work done. I would definitely recommend this place!Great little coffee shop and very close to my new home! It seems the crowd here consists of mostly students which makes sense because of the location. The staff is friendly enough and the iced coffee is delicious! If I had to have one complaint or suggestion it would be that they close pretty early, I believe it is 6pm on weekdays. Also I wish they had some kind of customer appreciation card, buy 10 cups of coffee get one free??? pretty please :o)I love this place, not sure why I don't come more frequently . its small and quaint with a cool ambience that includes indoor and 2 separate outdoor seating areas. They have a collection of books you can peruse if you don't come prepared and end up staying. 
I always receive excellent, helpful service. I came one night and they were already closed ( by like 5 minutes), I had no idea and walked in, the guy still served me with not an ounce of annoyance. 
The day olds rock and are a crazy bargain. They have a vegan selection of items and gluten free bagels!! 
This location is much smaller than some of the other locations but its great. 
Ive never seen it TOO crowded either which is a plus!Summary: Decent place, okay food, okay coffee
I'm rather picky about my coffee (aka I can be a coffee snob), and when you're opening a cafe, you should make sure that you have good coffee. Green Line in Powelton Village is a block from my apartment, and they're probably just short of the mark for what my definition of decent coffee is. Not by much, though.
It's convenient and close by, but is in a relatively 'interesting' area. Powelton Village isn't known to be too dangerous, but do note that there have been two armed robberies at this very location in the last 6 weeks (same guy, who's been caught now). Not that this is by any means the fault of the cafe, but just be aware of the area that you are in, and always make sure you don't take any unnecessary risks (general advice for life in Philadelphia, or in any major city, for that matter).
If they lengthen their hours a bit (they close VERY early), they might be able to catch more of us on the way home from work and/or school, and might become a more appealing place for me to sit down and do my work at.
Tip: the baristas are really nice, and can customize your drink to how you want it. Don't be shy, just ask!Really solid coffee shop that takes the time and effort to know it's customers. I regularly walk in and don't even have to say anything before my order is already brought up. Big thanks to the manager for keeping the service consistent and fast!The Green Line is great! All their lattes and drinks are made fresh to order. They take the ingredients directly out of the fridge, nothing sits out like at some coffee shops. They usually just have one barista working who also does the register. It's a small shop so that works well. Sometimes you have to wait a minute if the barista is helping another customer but it is well worth it! They also have a variety of amazing teas and several unique flavors of ice tea that are great in the summer months! 
I usually get my coffee or tea on my way to work, but the vibe in the shop is great to sit and do work. I often see people working on their computers, reading or studying. It's a quiet place and seems like a great place to relax.This green line is the worst.  They never have anything in stock - no sandwiches, no iced coffee.  You have to just be willing to eat or drink whatever.  On a recent trip to buy a vegan wrap for breakfast the server told me that the breakfast wraps don't come till after 10:30.  Not an ideal time for breakfast.  Of course, she told me that they just stay for a couple days so they should be in stock the next day.  Then, she corrected me several times for saying breakfast burrito when I meant sweet potato burrito.  Why did it matter so much?  Both were out of stock.I come to this green line about 3 times a week with a large group of my vegan friends. We very much enjoy the food and coffee love the close location to the URBN design center where we are students. I have never left a yelp review in my life, but I downloaded the app because I felt so strongly about a particularly rude employee who baffles me each time. This man works thursdays and fridays and doesn't wear a name tag. Each and every time he rings me and my friends up he is rude and makes uncomfortable commentary. Each and every time I am rung up he makes a notion that he is expecting some sort of tip. I have no problem tipping baristas for good customer service, but this man has never once deserved a tip. Today, I threw some spare change into the tip jar to rid of it from my wallet, and he gives a disgusted stare into the jar and said "did you really just put a penny in there?". When the sandwiches were ready, he slammed the sandwiches down on the counter without saying a word. This is a very uncomfortable confrontation that I simply did not deserve. One of my best friends and very loyal customers also had a very unfortunate encounter with this employee. Because my friend did not tip this employee, he took it upon himself not to cut his sandwich out of spite. My friend went up, asked kindly for him to cut his sandwich, to which he responded "no." My friend asked for a knife. He then slammed the gigantic kitchen knife down on the counter and blatantly stated"do you want to wash the dishes too?". Encounters like these happen each and every time me or my friends communicate with this employee. This guy needs a serious attitude check or a stern talking to.Green Line: I swear by you, which is why it ails me to downgrade a star.
Sure, I'm still a fan, but disappointed.
I stay here all day and closely observe the staff. NOTE: Staff is shared among all West Philly Locations. Often, your staff is charming, enthusiastic, and willing to do a little something extra. But all day, I have been so disappointed in one of the most regular baristas, that after 3 hours, I felt compelled to review.
You have no patience. You complain loudly in front of customers to other staff. You are sassy. You are not at all accomodating.
LOW POINTS OF THE DAY: A man mentions that the small cup of orange juice he's buying, and he has committed to buying, and is thrilled it is fresh, is expensive. True- it's 2.00 for basically a dixie cup. But you got sassy with him about how it's a bargain over the old price, etc, and gave him a lecture on recycling when he came back and asked if he should recycle his plastic cup. He was just some nice guy, and not the typical demographic here, so you'd think friendliness would come on the side of that 2.00 OJ. Not today. Also, I bought the day old bagels because all you had left on regular was one onion one, and those poppyseeds were calling to me. I asked if I could have one heated and after a lot of coaxing, you finally gave in, but said, "Fine, but don't ever do it again, we only sell them as-is." I wanted to snap back "The reason they're half price isn't because I don't get to have it toasted, it's because it's no longer fresh and you want to get rid of it to relieve waste and staleness." 
This is not typical of the staff, but she's regular enough that she will affect one in 4 experiences. She does not smile, even if she is saying "thank you." I thought maybe you were just a little down but after this many hours, you're bringing my mood down, too.We went here for quick breakfast- super cute place with tons of choices and a lovely sitting area both inside and outside. Bagels were delicious as was coffee and tea. Spent a total of $12! A yummy, convenient, inexpensive place to grab breakfast or lunch. Definitely recommend!At first I was worried about moving away from the Baltimore Greenline, which, although crowded and not brewing particularly fantastic coffee, was incredibly convenient. Since relocating to this neighborhood, I have to say that and that the Powelton location has become my favorite. When it was closed after the snow, and I decided I really, really wanted some tea, I made the trek down to the Baltimore avenue location and the noise and bustle and crowd definitely made me miss Powelton even more!
It's never terribly crowded, and although it's winter and the outdoor seating isn't available, you can usually find a table without any trouble whatsoever. The coffee is still just so-so, but I've recently started drinking more tea, and have gotten sadly addicted to the peppermint tea, which is fantastic. The baristas are really nice, there's free wifi and not quite as much loud conversation, and it's easier to snag a sandwich of your choice (less traffic = less sell out). 
All in all, I'm quite glad this coffeeshop is only a block and a half away--it's a great place to grab a cup of something hot on the way to work, or study for an hour without too much noise.Not only does this coffee shop have the (dubious) honor of being the closest coffee shop to my home, but it also is a truly wonderful little spot.  I love the fact that there is so much outdoor seating.  I also love the atmosphere; it's peaceful in here, which makes it a great place to get a little work done.  Like the other Green Line cafes, the coffee is great, the food is yummy, and the tea is amazing.  Not to mention, the staff is so downright pleasant that even before you take your first sip of coffee in the morning, you're already smiling!Good coffee and cute space with patio BUT I went here solely since the website stocked gluten free bagels and when I got there was told simply they didn't have any. Either they ran out (totally understandable I assumed that would be a risk) or they don't consistently stock the GF option - it wasn't specified, despite being advertised everywhere. The only thing I could really eat was the yogurt parfait. I wish the bagels were either better stocked or they offered more GF options!really cute little cafe, the service and outdoor seating was lovely. Got the cinnamon raisin bagel and an iced tea, couldnt be happier .I'm still not quite over the closing of the Green Line Cafe on 15th, but I finally quit mourning long enough to head our to Powelton Village and check this location out.  It's far more spacious and was pretty slow in the afternoon, so I was served quickly.  I was in heaven with my cup of Coconut cream tea, and added a yummy fair-trade chocolate bar for an afternoon pick-me-up.  
This is definitely more of a snack/beverage stop than a full meal, but everything I've had has always been delicious.  Will certainly be back for more of their amazing teas!I really can't believe I went out of my way, for an iced latte that honestly looks and tastes like a tablespoon of iced coffee with 2 cups of whole milk. I could have gone to McDonald's and gotten a better latte than this. Not only did I waste a trip, I also wasted my money :-(I will NEVER return to this Green Line. As mentioned before, a large group of my friends and I enjoy green lines food and otherwise very friendly service. I previously left yelp review once before about a particularly, and consistently, RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL employee-which is the point of yelp, isn't it? I returned today with another group of friends hoping to get some quick lunch. The very same employee gives us a look and begins YELLING AGRESSIVELY ABOUT LEAVING THE PAST REVIEW- FROM A YEAR AGO. He said we were loud and did not deserve his respect. Look- if you don't want bad reviews, be a kind employee. It is a café, a group of 4 or more people will be loud. It is a customers right to report unfair and unsatisfactory service. Every single one of my group of 4-6 friends has had an uncomfortable encounter with this man, mine just happened to be the worst of it. Today, we came in with 2 other friends, new to greenline, who were completely shocked at the verbal attack we received. I sincerely feel bad for the other patrons sitting in this establishment listening to this grown man YELL at a 4 college students for leaving a bad review for bad service. I was once again confronted for leaving "a penny" in the tip jar- which in reality was close to 50 cents.  NONE of my 6 friends, who are regular customers, will never return to this location. The two new friends to green line will surely never come back, and I will be warning everyone about this employee and the downright disrespect of this Green Line.Never in my life have I witnessed someone, let alone employee, so hostile, sarcastic, petty, and above all unprofessional. Absolutely DISTRUBED.This place used to be good, but whoever they have working mornings now needs a serious intervention. My last two trips she tried to steam the milk for my ice latte and today's iced latte came in a hot cup so I could barely even use a straw. Worse yet, she was incredibly rude and actually refused to give me a cold cup when I asked. Looks like I'll be finding a new morning place.I love this cafe! great caramel lattes made with a cute little design on top. service is always friendly and welcoming. outdoor seating area is cute. 
the muffins and the "steve" sandwich are delicious.Excuse me -- but is this milk-foam supposed to be hot chocolate? The barista basically just foamed up some milk and then squirted some chocolate syrup on top. It's unbelievable that this so-called "hot chocolate" cost me over 3 dollars. Save your money and time and skip this sad, disappointing    "Café". You deserve better.And So I have officially been to all 3 (4 if you count the now defunct one that is became Cafe Clave.). After reading some good reviews I decided to hop on the trolley and make my way down to the Green Line that is farthest away from my house. and in a lot of ways it was well worth the trek.
The first thing I noticed was the ample amount of Outdoor seating. Compared to the other two this Green Line definitely offers the most, and they even have a small back courtyard. If there wasn't snow outside I would have been all over it :(
The second thing that I noticed was that out of the three they definitely had the smallest indoor space and smallest counter space. In some ways we're talking drastically small. I'm so used to picking up the tasty sandwiches and wraps that they offer behind the counter at the other two, that when they didn't have any I instantly assumed that they were out and opted for a croissant. That was when I realized that they were inside the drink cooler of all places. lesson learned!
Service wise this Green Line was on par with the others, making it a trifecta of good service. and the croissant and latte that I picked up definitely satisfied my taste buds. This is probably the Green Line I'll be going to the least, just because otherwise would be trivial since I pass two others along the way. But I know where you'll see me once Spring hits!Walked from Penn's campus and it was a nice little morning walk. The latte was very good, good nutty espresso flavor. Almond milk available :) I enjoyed it! 
Order ahead online!!! If u don't it's no big deal u just have to wait a couple more minutes.amazing tea. but you always run out of goat cheese croissants. Those goat cheese bundles of heaven are what makes visiting my sister a little less boring. Peace on earth tea and the Sage Woman teas are lovely! the baristas are always friendly and the food is tasty. JUST PLEASE STOCK MORE GOAT CHEESE CROISSANTS!!!This is a cute little cafe not too far from Penn and Drexel. I'd just had lunch with my business partner and was looking for a cafe where I could work for a few hours. Green Line fit the bill.
The atmosphere was quite tranquil--it was the Saturday after Thanksgiving, so a lot of students were probably out of town still--though it's a small space and I can see getting tables here could be challenging at peak times. Overall, the environment is very pleasant.
Likewise, the barista was quite friendly. After she showed me the syrup they use for the mocha--which looked like it might be a bit sweet--I opted for the matcha latte. Honestly, it was just so-so (it felt like it "separated," if that's the right word for it), and I'd probably opt for something else next time--maybe just a regular latte. But having said that, when you factor in the ambiance (though I would agree that table spacing is tight), reasonable pricing (admittedly, I'm used to LA prices), fast wifi, plug-ins and friendly service, it's at least 3.5 stars rounded up to 4.Easy to order online. My drink was ready on arrival. They have a small selection of pastries including bagels. Vegan options too!  Definitely worth a stop by when you are in the area.