Green Soul took over the Alla Spina space and now offer a nice hangout with vegetarian eats, beer, wine and cocktails. Went on a Friday night and it was nice that they have live music. Some lounge chairs, dining space on lower and upper level and cool bar seating. Only wished they had more of a beer and food selection. Will def be back though when I just want a chill spot.Delicious food! We walked in on a Sunday night around 7 and there were only a handful of people there. I think just because it's so new. 
Drinks: we ordered sangria and ginger lemonade (non alcoholic). Both were very good. 
Food: kale Caesar. Had cornbread croutons that were amazing. Shrimp tacos that were even more amazing. Big hunks of avocados. Pickled red cabbage that added the perfect sweetness. 
Would give 4.5 stars if i could. Since there weren't many other customers, the food came very fast which made the experience feel a bit rushed. And one entree came out about five minutes before the other which was odd. But overall, great and will definitely return.Delicious food! Also, such a cute and comfy spot. I love everything about the decor...from the quotes on the wall... to the comfy chairs (next to the stage) to the open kitchen concept. Well done! The menu has plenty of healthy, yet tasty options. We opted for the cauliflower tacos and a soup. I also had the mint iced tea. For the vegetarians..they have the Impossible burger on the menu (Yayy)! I'll definitely return to explore the menu a bit more. There's also live music..the young lady who performed the night I was there's (Suraya..I think?) was awesome!This place has such great potential and it was such a bummer that we had a negative experience here. 3 out of the 4 of us finished our dinners before the last entree even came out- when we asked where the meal was, the waitress apologized and said she had no idea where it was. When it finally did show up, there was no type of compensation for the delay. Also, $17 (?!?) for a Manhattan and $12 for 1 shot of Tito's in a drink. Very confusing and completely overpriced.As mentioned before, Green Soul took over the old Alla Spina spot and we're so excited to have this new addition to the neighborhood. Everything was great--I got the buffalo cauliflower (spicy, because I'm a wimp) and my boyfriend got the impossible burger (I couldn't believe the bacon on it wasn't meat) and we shared the Brussels sprouts. All our plates were delicious so we opted for dessert--the pear crisp (so yummy). In the end, we got 4 plates and a couple cocktails for ~$55, which is pretty much unheard of in the city. Will be coming back for sure!! 
One last thing: They now have live music on the weekend and the service was excellent!Hey guys I decided to stop at Greensoul and grab a quick bite, and I've been here 2 hours because the vibe is so fantastic and the food was too.  I had the brussel sprouts with a Thai chili sauce that were Grill perfectly they were delicious and I tried something different tonight the pablano pepper stuffed with fresh corn and different cheeses in a nice sweet and zesty tomato sauce on the bottom just enough to enjoy with every bite of the pepper without being over powering. So so dam good!!! The servers are extremely informative but they know to allow you to enjoy your meal without hovering the perfect combination.  I'm a super happy girl right now.I've been a fan of this place since it was on Ogontz Ave before the Chestnut Hill location. I came to the new location recently for a group happy hour and had a great time! My friend raved about the sweet potato and black eyed pea soup. I tried the salmon and chicken tacos, both were good but the chicken was amazing with a sweet & savory bbq sauce. Several people in our party ordered the Brussel sprouts with turkey bacon and loved them! The impossible burger was also a crowd favorite. The happy hour specials were great! I tried the Riesling and apple cinnamon sangria which was light & refreshing. There was live music that evening also which was a nice treat! This place is great for vegan/vegetarian food but will completely satisfy meat eaters also.This place was wonderful. We came for a Saturday night dinner and had a very positive experience. The food was delicious and healthy (kale salad, Brussels and chicken tacos) and the service was warm and pleasant. There was also live music and the performer, syriah Nicole was amazing. Definitely recommend this place for a nice, feel good, relaxing night out.This place had big shoes to fill (Alla Spina, the previous restaurant on the premises, was a neighborhood favorite), but it seems to be off to a promising start. The food is fresh, substantially apportioned, and tasty, and the decor is clean and light. Having said that, I'm docking a star for the stingy opening hours. Why not open before 5pm on Saturdays and Sundays? It doesn't make sense. Hopefully the management will see the light and we'll be able to stop into Green Soul for Sunday brunch in the future, and hand over more of our dollars to this promising new restaurant.Omg this food was so full of life and flavor , the flavors were so diverse and really get the palette salivating!!! I got all non dairy non meat options and they were so great , the Brussel sprouts with no bacon, the sweet potato donuts, the carrot and parsnip fries , plantains and the split pea soup !! All amazing and all so fresh!! I will be going back Tomorrow for another round !! So good !! Great for vegans and non vegans !!I reluctantly agreed to try this place out (what I had heard about the concept didn't interest me) and was surprised at how good it was. The food was fresh and tasty and the service was attentive. The prices were surprisingly cheap for what we got. We will definitely go back again soon.I usually love green soul but I guess take out is different. I ordered the mango jerk salmon salad , Cajun salmon BLT AND Brussel sprouts let me just say not worth it..the portions were even smaller (Brussel sprouts and salad)  for take out than dining in. The Cajun salmon BLT was normal size just annoyed and hungry at this point :(I love Green soul this is my third time here and the food and service is amazing! They have a lot of healthy options for all.I've been eating at Green Soul since they were located on Ogontz Ave. The food is of good quality and tastes delicious. To top it off, they have a unique menu with exceptional customer service. I'm extremely proud of their expansion.This restaurant is amazing. The staff couldn't be any nicer and the food was delicious. All the food is organic and the prices are reasonable. I would definitely recommend this restaurant, A++.Whoa! The ambiance AND THE FOOD is GREAT! So reasonably priced, the roasted Brussels Sprouts were my fav!Wow, this restaurant is so creative. The food is delicious and you come away feeling very satisfied with yourself for eating healthily! The portions are generous. The salads are huge and can be shared for sure. There's no pork or beef, only fish and chicken. Emphasis is on veggies and "superfoods". I had as appetizers, edamame, fried plantains, and a hummus served with roasted vegetables. Husband had turkey chili and a big salad. Friend had jambalaya. Everyone was very impressed with their food. It's beautifully served.
We were offered tap water or for $2, fizzy water with the proceeds going to a charity in Flint, Michigan. Nice. There's a full bar. Service was excellent. Manager came by and checked on us too. 
It's a beautiful space. Hip music. Easy to find parking on street. Ran into our mayor Kenney there!We had such an amazing time @ the new Green Soul! Great venue! Great food! Great people! The food was amazing. So were the drinks and the live entertainment was phenomenal! I had the Sweet Potato Maple Manhattan! It's a "must-try"! Great take on a classic drink! 
We'll definitely be regulars!Visited Green Soul tonight with my wife and stepson and had a wonderful meal.  Would like to give 4.5 starts but that's not an option  The ambience was nice and when Mya Simone and her bass player started singing it really added a great vibe to the place.
Had the Harissa Chicken soup which was excellent along with the sweet potato/rice/black-eyed pea soup which was also very good.  A couple of us got the spiced chicken tacos which were very tasty, my wife got the jerk salmon taco which was just OK.  Salmon was a little on the dry side and the jerk sauce was not spicy.
For some side dishes we ordered the carrot and parsnip fries which were delicious along with the crispy brussel sprouts which were also very good.
For drinks I ordered the Heart & Soul cocktail which was pretty good and my wife got a chardonnay.  The drink menu isn't extensive but there was enough there for us.
Our one suggestion for the future is all our dishes came out together and pretty quickly - next time we'll order some of the dishes and then order more food later.  That way everything stays hot.
Will definitely be back - healthy, tasty food at pretty reasonable prices.Food was very fresh and healthy options also liked that there was no dairy.... also vegan Philly cheese steak was phenomenal taste like real meatI loved the vibe of this place! The decor was great and the noise level is perfect for conversation while eating. They had musicians performing that night and all of them were fantastic.
The food was awesome! The brussel sprouts were cooked perfectly and really good. The turkey jambalaya was filling but not overwhelming. The impossible burger was also great!
I only give 4/5 because while the service was great for the first 40 minutes, as soon as it started getting busy, we couldn't get the attention of any servers for about 30 minutes.It's hard not to frequent this place and order the salads which are delicious especially the chicken cobb and vegetarian soul. They also have their signature cornbread croutons and housemade dressings (my favorite--lemon ginger) that adds more flavor to the salads.  The chicken added to the salads I normally order are nicely seasoned and flavorful. I highly recommend this place to any foodie that can appreciate good quality food.Their impossible burger is delicious! Even better than I have had at other restaurants. I also had their country sweet potato, wild rice & black-eyed pea soup. That soup is enough for a meal and so good!!!!! Staff are friendly and efficient. I love everything about this place!BBQ Pulled Chicken Wrap was amazing! Fresh and I felt so light after eating! The wrap had a little spice which I loved! The atmosphere and environment was nice and clean! All employees were nice & the owner even came over to introduce herself and ask me about my  experience! I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu!I've lived around the Corner from this place for about 6 months-ish and never thought of it when trying to think of a place to go.....I don't know why because Wow! This place has an amazing ambiance, amazing fresh food and great cocktails! I'm surprised I've never heard of it through other people.
I had the mango-jerk salmon salad (I think that's what it was called) and the pomegranate kombucha cosmo. Salmon was cooked perfect and the cocktail was super refreshing.
They have an amazing jazz band on too! I will for sure be coming back!I didnt get the chance to eat here because the hours of operation are incorrect on line. 
I'm sure the food is great. I'd really like to try. 
Please fix! 
Thanks!When I first came here, they were able to substitute the apple mash with mushrooms. Today, we ordered for pick up and made a note to substitute the apple mash with mushrooms since I knew this wad possible. I can't eat apples because I'm allergic. My throat closes up and I break out into hives. It was unfortunate and also unprofessional for them to not have called if this was not doable for them at the time (which would be surprising since they were so accommodating when I last dined there) 
My friends salmon was dry and this was an overall a disappointing experience.Please note:  this is located where Alla Spina used to be!  I thought this place was great.  Zero complaints!  None!  And I complain about everything.  I ordered the Salmon BLT and it was awesome!  My boyfriend ordered tempura tacos.  Good beer and great wine.  All that and it is socially conscious.  What more could you ask for?!?  I've been talking about a good soul food place for awhile and it appeared.  Be warned however - it is not traditional soul food.  Don't except to find greens or Mac-n-cheese.  It's healthy soul food that is locally sourced.  Loved it! 
It was a bit quiet, but after asking our friendly waitress, we understood it is restaurant week.  They opened last week and could not participate.  
I live in the neighborhood and this is the best new edition since Osteria all those years ago.  Osteria has seen better days (still good but not as good as it once was).  This is the best restaurant on North Broad.Food that tastes great, is affordable, healthy, and sustainable. Can't ask for much moreUm hello. I am moving in. I have been wanting to try this spot ever since it opened and I finally got here this week for dinner! It was SO good. The menu is so versatile with 100 options, I couldn't decide, so obviously we got a few apps and split two entrees.  For apps - the brussel sprouts were AMAZING. Highly recommend. We also tried the poblano stuffed pepper jawn - this was interesting and definitely tasty. I would never usually order something like this, but I'm glad I did.  For din, we split the cajun salmon BLT (underwhelming) and the pulled BBQ chicken sandwich (v good). The BBQ chick was my favorite. I NEED to come back to try more items off the menu - like the buff cauli tacos! 
Their drink menu is also v lengthy and triggering...triggering as in you will be triggered to order a lot of drinks. I'm a little peeved they didn't have kombucha when I visited, but it is an excuse to come back soon to try it. They also have some fun and fresh cocktails and a niiice beer list.
The aesthetic is what brings it home for me. Their hanging plants, motivational quotes, string lights, everything. It is so nicely decorated. The ambience is A+++. I'd get married here.
Service was kinda slow, but our waitress was super sweet and helpful.  I also don't like that the kitchen is "come out as things are done." I hate getting my meals/apps at the same time. Or worse...meals before apps...ugh. Not a deal breaker, though, I will still be coming back every day for the rest of my life.This is a great spot for your lunch break! I got the BBQ pulled chicken sandwich and it was absolutely delicious. The side salad it came with was OK but it came with kale and I'm not a huge fan. Service was a little on the slow side so if you're in a rush I'd recommend getting takeout.Was looking forward to trying green soul. Their hours are listed differently on their website, Yelp, and google. I called yesterday to check and they said they opened at 11 am.
When my friends and I showed up at 11:10am they were closed, door was locked.
Would not have been upset if they just told me they were closed.straight up perfunctory. I had hoped for this place because they were black owned and highly reviewed but both times I went it wasn't good. The servers and staff are nice, but paying for nice people with nasty food experiences isn't my forte. 
First time, crispy Brussels sprouts were brought to me after mentioning to my server that I was vegan. The parsnip fries were not crispy, rather oily and soggy. Which made eating them very difficult. I know they're not capable of resembling traditional French fries, but serving soggy oily fries is offensive and insulting. 
The biggest insult is the cauliflower taco. It lacked seasoning, the taco shell was raw. its not worth the carbs and calories.Delicious locally sourced food in a beautiful space filled with light and friendly staff. Loved the cauliflower tacos and carrot fries. Will definitely be back.I am so super excited about  Green Soul restaurant which just open. The space is absolutely young and hip and fun with the potential to grow into a destination venue where we can enjoy a menu that is very well constructed and eclectic and unusual and delicious, and  as a music lover this location ticks all the boxes there is live music to enjoy each evening along with a full bar and the appetizers are amazing my all-time favorite the brussel sprouts with the Thai chili sauce incredible, we also enjoy the mixed nuts with a hint of spicy and sweet glaze just delicious. Another appetizer which would be highly recommended to share is the shrimp tacos amazing.  It's not often that you get salmon cooked to Perfection our entree was cooked to Perfection let me say that again that salmon was cooked to perfection we had a fabulous evening we thought we were going to stop for a quick bite but it turns into  a two hour relaxing enjoyable fantastic delicious evening.This place is such a great addition to the neighborhood. Stopped in with a friend and we ended up getting all the tacos on the happy hour menu which were AMAZING. The salmon and chicken tacos were my favorite! The others were really good as well but those two really blew me away. Brussel sprouts were delicious as well as the pear crumble. We also tried a few of the cocktails which were delicious too. Really fun spins like kombucha cosmo. Overall this place is really great for some yummy healthy options. Can't wait to go back and try more things off the menu!This place is usually a let down. I have visited 3 times to give it several chances (mostly because I live within walking distance) and each time felt very "meh." The first time i went with a friend after the grand opening and the service was not good at all. So after a few weeks i went back with my significant other and found that the food was lackluster and the service still slow. We got the "fresh veggies" for something like 8 dollars and were heavily disappointed by the portion size and the wilted lettuce. The tacos were good but nog very filling. Everything seemed a but pricy for what you end up getting. They encourage you to pay for your water, donating some proceeds to charity, which is fine when they give an option- my first time I just saw water on the bill. The third time I went just for drinks. They make a good cocktail but lack in beers, the bar atmosphere is weird. And the interior is somewhat sterile. Will probably give more chances despite often disappointment, just for convince sake. Live music is nice and the place is never crowded so you'll always get a table.My husband and I were eager to check out this place since it's in our neighborhood.  We went on a Friday night and, even though the place had a lot of empty tables, it took awhile to seat us since we didn't make a reservation.  We were then seated at a terribly awkward table in front of the small stage - even though there were plenty of other small tables to seat us. As a vegetarian, I was excited to try the food. It was ok.  The parsnip fries were pretty greasy. I got the Impossible Burger and there was no cheese on it. They took it back and made another one. My husband got the jambalaya which he really liked. We ordered drinks - finished them - and were never asked whether we wanted another round. Service is friendly but there is definitely room for improvement. I will give it another shot but will make a reservation next time!got delivery from green soul tonight - pulled chicken sandwich, turkey chili and N African chicken couscous with currants.  The food was delicious and food prices were reasonable,  But the delivery fee was way high.  Much as I would like to eat this food again, we won't pay that delivery fee again.  Go there in person instead.Stopped in here before a show at the Met. Grabbed drinks and appetizers. This place is super cute and modern. We got there around 6:30 on a Friday night and it was pretty packed. Luckily, two people were leaving the bar when we arrived so we were able to grab a seat right away. The hostess said a wait for a table for two was only 15 mins which was not bad! 
We ordered the hummus app which had roasted veggies on top and came with large pieces of pita bread which were served warm. The hummus was reallly good and the toasted veggies were an added bonus!  We also ordered the buffalo cauliflower tacos which came two to an order and had avocado crema. These tacos were delicioussss. I'm not a huge cauliflower fan but I could eat these everyday!BBQ Pulled Chicken Wrap was amazing! Fresh and Ifelt so light after eating! The wrap had a little spice which I loved! The atmosphere and environment was nice and clean! All employees were nice & the owner even came over to introduce herself and ask me about my experience! I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu! 
So I went back to visit Green Soul & again the food & service was amazing! I had the Down Home Turkey Chili, side salad & Green Soul Green Smoothie! Everything was delicious! The Chili was soo good & I love how they use turkey instead of been which is hard to find! The smoothie was very fresh & the salad as well! I love this place!! My new favorite food spot!Great local spot. Good cocktails. Friendly service. Lots of scrumptious inventive vegetarian options. Brussels are out of this world. Love the buffalo cauliflower taco and for a meal the impossible burgerIt's nice to have a spot which essentially serves healthier food in a hip atmosphere. The ambience is clean and cool and modern with a bar, dining area, lounge area, and a stage. I have often walked past and seen live musicians and have long wanted to stop in. While I still haven't actually stopped in to hang out, I did order some carry-out and found the food to be satisfying. 
I ordered the Super Foods Salad and the Cajun Salmon BLT. The salad was really good and fresh with red and yellow beets, sliced almonds, carrot, cucumber, kale, lettuce, quinoa, and lemon ginger vinaigrette. It is definitely a salad I will eat again. The sandwich was on a wheat bun with blackened salmon, turkey bacon, lettuce, and a creamy sauce. Although a bit dry, the flavor was good and I enjoy being able to order a nice salmon sandwich at a restaurant. Once again, I am sure I will eat this sandwich again. A side salad came with the BLT and was fresh and came with the same dressing as the salad.
Now that I know I like the food the only thing I have to do is stop in one night and enjoy a couple drinks and some live music to go along with the good food.Loved the space.  Inside, outside were great.  Parking was fairly easy but we arrived early. Our waiter was a tad slow to arrive, but once he did, we had great service.  I had the salmon tacos but the shrimp tacos looked better to me.  The cocktails are unique and tasty.  Loved the attention to "green" details throughout the experience.  Various spots for dining:  upper second floor "deck", outside, inside, bar, and comfy living room area.  Made my reservation through open table and they were able to graciously accommodate my slight modification in the time of my reservation.  Would highly recommend.I ordered takeout from Green Soul. The sandwich was ready just when they said it would be. 
My order, the Cajun salmon Blt was really good! I was surprised how good it was! I will definitely from order or eat here again.I've been to this place multiple times and wow! I love it so much. Not that expensive, plus the food is pretty healthy. The place is so cute and the people are very nice. The brussel sprouts are a must!Excellent choice for affordable delicious healthy soul food. I love coming here on Sundays because there is always live music and a warm welcoming environment.Don't go before calling. Today I drove up to the big outdoor sign that says complimentary valet but no valet ever appeared. Finally found street parking and when we got to the open restaurant at 11:45 they would not seat us for lunch until 12:45 due to some private event. In today's world of social media all they needed to do was post it on instagram and we could have avoided the trip.If I could give zero stars I would. Food was terrible, service was terrible, not only do the servers know nothing about the menu they were also out of 2 of the 4 things we ordered...at 615pm.... on a Saturday?!Good food, small portions though. Still hungry. Tacos were amazing though. Would absolute recommend. I'll have to order more next time.A unique location in Philly with a solid menu (though some dishes are prepared better than others) and nice staff. Ordered delivery here and the food said 45 minutes but in actuality it arrived about 2hrs later. So that was a letdown. But I appreciate their presence in Philly. We need more restaurants like this that have a welcoming atmosphere for everyone.One of the best restaurants in Fairmount that I've tried thus far. Fair prices, simple and elegant design, and a straight-forward menu, makes this place a winner in my book. The food tastes great, the atmosphere is inviting, and the location is easy to get to.
However, the speed of service leaves much to be desired. I was in today for lunch with two of my coworkers and although attentive, getting our check and cashing out was the worst part of our visit. I've worked in Center City since September and this is what all my coworkers warned me of. Unfortunately, that's why it took me so long to visit and I need to figure out how to visit more. 
*If you're reading this management, please fix this SNAFU*
I hd the Salmon tacos, ginger lemonade, and shared the sweet potato donuts with mg colleagues. Yum to everything! Can't wait to come back to, 1) try everything on the menu, and 2) check out the scened at night with a date.
Quirky, unique, good food, good location, slow service during lunch (after the 'rush'). I recommend you try this gem but be mindful of your time.I've been eyeing this place which is next door to South Jazz cafe and just like South, it is extraordinary. My daughter is Vegan and this place does not disappoint. I never thought carrot fries could possibly taste this good.  The black- eyed pea soup and African chicken are on a whole new level of yumminess! The chocolate avocado desert and the sweet potato donuts are to die for. The staff was very kind and friendly but Morgan, you are such a sweet and pleasant server. Your personality is radiant! You took great care of me and my daughter and I thank you. Your sweetness added to the pleasure of our meal. I hope you get a raise. Thank you for such a wonderful dining experience. We will definitelyI loved this place! The food was delicious and the ambiance was great. I went on a Friday evening so there was a live band. I ordered the salmon sandwich with carrot and parsnip fries. Absolutely delicious! I will definitely be back!The food and drinks are delicious. I also got the hummus which is mouthwatering. Everything is fresh. The service is amazing! Highly recommend!Ended up here for dinner unexpectedly, and was really impressed by the food! Good ambiance inside and menu had a lot of options - including the Impossible burger! Service was friendly and attentive. We ordered the jerk salmon tacos, turkey chili, carrot and parsnip fries, and the impossible burger. All were excellent! Great food without feeling terribly guilty about my diet after. Recommend checking this place out!I've been wanting to check out this place since it first opened, and it did not disappoint. The ambiance is amazing. You immediately feel at peace with the greenery all around you. All of the staff was amazing, and so accommodating with our larger group. I explained to my waitress (I believe her name was Vee) that I was a vegetarian, and she alleviated all of my concerns. She did a great with our big group. I had the carrot and parsnip fries, which were amazing with the mustard BBQ sauce. I honestly filled up on that, and I didn't have room for my main dish. I also ordered the corn penne and roasted vegetables. It wasn't what I expected when it came out, but it was still very good. Also, it's a very large portion. To top off the evening, the live music was amazing. Seraiah Nicole performed, and she has a voice that had us all cheering. I look forward to my next time returning, and I'll be recommending it to my friends.We ordered takeout tonight and our 20-30 minute order took almost an hour. And that made us late picking up the cheese pizza we  had ordered for the less adventurous kids back at the hotel. It can happen to any place.  But we are here on a long weekend just looking for a quick bite and it could have really made for a bad night. And why would I start with that on a 5-star review? First, the staff couldn't have been nicer. Second, waiting meant we were treated to some great live entertainment. It just made you feel welcome. Third, and most importantly, that food was amazing. The North African Chicken was amazing. And the turkey bacon Brussels sprouts even won the kids away from their -- also very good -- pizza. I do not get the impression that the delay was a common occurrence, but if it was I would still put up with it for this gem.Stopped in last night for a quick bite! Menu was limited but I did try dessert. Sweet Potato donuts and my friend had the Warm Pear Crisp... 20 minute wait but FRESH PEAR and delicious flavor, on the other hand the sweet potato donuts must be fried in better oil (overbearing flavor).Clean!  Wow very nice atmosphere. Waitress nice. Could know what is 100% vegan a bit more. She may be new. Again nice as she  did go to kitchen to ask. Super salad was  light and perfect. Wouldn't change a thing on that. Veg burger wrap with bbq  was good. Avocado made it work nice. Easy to eat in the wrap. Again, nice spot and whoever designed the plaCe did awesome.  The owner or manager  even came by to check on me. Nice!!Great atmosphere! Live music and poetry on Sunday night. The food was awesome and different than any other place. Even my 17 year old meat eating son enjoyed the tempura shrimp tacos and jambalaya.  They were a little short staffed on this night but I wouldn't hold that against them.  The wait staff was very nice and working like crazy. I would most definitely go again.I came to Green Soul for a happy hour with a few new friends.  The happy hour specials were pretty good.  The restaurant was clean and had a great vibe with some relaxed r&b music.  The bar was organized and the staff represented the food quality very well.  Although there was some new staff who weren't certain of gluten free options or details of some specials.  I would assume after some time working there it will all be straightened out by staff.
I ordered the crispy brussel sprouts that had turkey bacon and sauce (I think it was a chipotle mayo) was amazing.  It was so amazing I ordered 2 happy hour specials.  I also ordered the corn taco with salmon.  It was pretty average but I was happy not to eat greasy unhealthy happy hour food.  Therefore I had no food guilt lol!  
I only ordered club sodas that day but the drinks also had great presentations.  My group seemed to like it.  Next time I will give the cocktails, beer and wines a try.Brought in my college graduation with my family here and it was such a nice time. The servers were super attentive, fast and efficient and the plantains and jerk salmon was to die for. I will definitely be back with friends who have never dined here before, looking forward to the same A1 service!Love the new location and so glad they've expanded the menu. Great ambiance, spacious and conveniently located. I probably dine here or order take out at least once a week. I'm vegan and they have great options. My favorites are: The buffalo cauliflower taco (no crema), the impossible burger(no cheese), and my new favorite which has not been officially added to the menu yet is the Impossible cheesesteak (no cheese) and I add mushrooms, peppers, and onions with bbq sauce on the side. So yummy! I also am a fan of the carrot and parsnip fries. My only suggestion is a better selection of cocktails. I'm not a huge fan of the current offerings. There's typically parking on the surrounding streets. Overall this is a Great addition to the area and it's black owned :-)Wonderful vegetarian choices and enjoyable. Service was good. Noise level was fine. Outdoor seating on a nice day would be a bonusAmazing quality, and makes you feel not-so-bad about yourself for ordering "take out" ;). A bit pricey, but well worth it if you're looking for something other than pizza and cheesesteaks.Green Soul used to serve the northwest section of Philadelphia. They've since moved south. I was so excited when I recently had the chance to go for lunch. The newer location is beautiful and a modern, earthy design. Unlike the prior location where you ordered and seated yourself, you are now seated and waited on. I love their salmon blt, so I knew that's what I was going to get. It was better than before! The brioche bun that I requested was ahhmazing. The chipotle spread was so good and salmon was juicy. The side salad was delicious with a good dressing. This lunch was so satisfying that I went back to work happy. A co-worker ordered the black bean burger that she loves, and I sampled some of hers. It was  delicious. We both were enjoyed our lunch. They did not fail to deliver on quality, delicious tasting food!I've been eyeing this place which is next door to South Jazz cafe and just like South, it is extraordinary. My daughter is Vegan and this place does not disappoint. I never thought carrot fries could possibly taste this good.  The black- eyed pea soup and African chicken are on a whole new level of yumminess! The chocolate avocado desert and the sweet potato donuts are to die for. The staff was very kind and friendly but Morgan, you are such a sweet and pleasant server. Your personality is radiant! You took great care of me and my daughter and I thank you. Your sweetness added to the pleasure of our meal. I hope you get a raise. Thank you for such a wonderful dining experience. We will definitely be back!Great food
Great drink
like the live music
bar service was Awesome
good drinks
Reasonable $$
No parking
will be going back
Phil from PhillyThis place I a Gem! The food is amazing. The staff is personable and the service is impeccable. Do not leave this place before trying the sweet potato donuts. You can tell the owner loves what she does.Immediate new favorite restaurant in philly.  Vegitarian/vegan friendly (but plenty of meat options), great cocktails, plenty of atmosphere and live music.  Loved the sweet potato Manhattan, Brussel sprouts with turkey bacon and the jambalaya... All top notch, along with great acoustic soul from Blaq Mel and super helpful/friendly service.  Right next door to South (same owners... Better prices).  Dinner for 2 with apps and cocktails was about $75 before tip.Loved this welcoming, tasty place.  Everything we tried was a hit- hummus, crispy Brussels sprouts with turkey bacon, jambalaya, salmon, cauliflower tacos, nuts and seeds, sweet potato donuts, and pear crisp.  Everyone was pleased- from the vegans to the omnivores.  Service was thoughtful, unpretentious, and well-timed.  Place is super cool-looking, modern, and full of plants and twinkling lights.  Will go back to hear their live music.I've been about 4 times now and haven't been disappointed yet. Since becoming Vegetarian I've always said that if I was ever to eat meat again it would be not chicken, not turkey but A Cheesesteak Eggroll. Let me tell you how my dream just came true celebrating Vegan Restaurant Week at Green Soul! The food and service was GREAT!  I love it when they have live music as well.My first time here. I went for dinner with a friend. The options were good and easy to pick. I was greeted once I walked in and we sat at the bar which was cool. The bartender at the tile was polite and he did a great job with ordering our food. The food came out quick and appeared very fresh. 
I had the salmon entree and I was say DELICIOUS! 
This place was nice clean with lovely decor. I will for sure return. Parking can be iffy at times but the night I went was cool.All things flavor and fun. This hip new (6' months rocking) space just off of broad st is a wonderful healthy new addition to the neighborhood. 
The food is fresh and the soups are large. I had the salmon blt and it was done well. The carrot fries were also a healthy(ish) snack. The cauliflower tacos were on par with some of our other fav buffalo cauliflower spots ( Front st cafe in fishtown). 
The space itself is really what makes this a go to for date nights ( live music on Friday and Sat at 8pm) and they are continually trying to make it an interactive space offering yoga, painting classes and private events. 
The large space is full of natural light thanks to its large glass garage doors that open up for summer. Skylights adorn the ceiling and bright cheerful colors and insightful quotes posted to the wall make this space so inviting. 
A very friendly host and wait staff also helped us. Oh and it's a full big bar as well. The space was lively on a Thursday around 6 pm which leads me to believe others have found out about this hidden gem. We will be back.Pros:
-great atmosphere and a pretty space 
-healthy options 
-shrimp tacos were tasty 
Cons:
-service was extremely slow. Not sure if the server was just spacey or what, but it wasn't that busy and took forever to get water / check etc (though the food came out very quickly)  Also, when you pay by card the server brings a reader to your table, swipes it, and stands there waiting while you tip, etc which I found bizarre and awkward. 
- salmon salad was okay. Nothing to write home about. 
- we came during happy hour and were seated next to the bar (though not at it). When I asked if we could still participate I was told no, yet the table seated next to us was allowed to. 
- food came staggered strangely. We got one entree. Then our app. Then the other entree. 
Overall, everything was just fine. Not great, not awful, just fine.Fucking amazing. It was like if someone read my mind about the food I want and the environment I want it served in. 
 Let's see Jadens Flint Saving Water machine 
Beautiful quotes by black women on the walls  
Cooper Brown industrial meets natural vibe 
Delicious Food and Drink 
The alcoholic milkshake Sun & Moon Whiskey VEGAN milkshake during happy hour was my fav. Everything is so tasty it's hard to nail down what I liked most but do get the buffalo cauliflower tacos, you're welcome!I wish there were more places like this in Philly (North Philly in particular). The restaurant-SOUTH has been a staple on Broad Street for years. But it was brought to my attention some months back that ownership of South took control of a new smaller establishment next door off Mt. Vernon Street that would inconspicuous to the eye if you were just coming down Broad Street.
My first thoughts when I heard the name were that either this was a vegan/juice spot but also with a soulful essence. I was told that when my friends were here on a Sunday evening after attending an event, there was live music and to their surprise Solange Knowles and Tierra Whack happened to be in the building. Wow, I was sold right then and there.
Fast forward a couple months and I went for myself on a Friday evening where once again there was live music being played, I just went to the bar to have a couple drinks on this occasion. Bar staff was chill. I was loving the ambience. 
Again, I came back a couple weeks ago for an impromptu birthday dinner for a friend on a freezing winter Tuesday night. There was about 8 of us and without a reservation they still were able to get us a table despite it being relatively busy. You can tell this is a hot spot for young people to come any night for a chill vibe. Anyways, they were also kind enough to allow us to order from the happy hour menu from the table even though you're supposed to be at the bar to get happy hour. They have some nice $5 drinks I encourage everyone to take advantage of. Also the menu extends beyond just vegan options although they have plenty of "green" selections to choose from. I opted for the shrimp tacos which actually impressed me.
If I was to nitpick anything I just wish they had some neo-soul type music playing when there is no live music rather than no music to really set it off but like I said that's minor ask. Other than that it's A1 experience.Love the new location and so glad they've expanded the menu. Great ambiance, spacious, and conveniently located. I probably dine here or order take out at least twice a month. I'm vegan and they have great options. My favorites are: The buffalo cauliflower taco (no crema), the impossible burger(no cheese), and my new favorite which has not been officially added to the menu yet is the Impossible cheesesteak (no cheese). I add mushrooms, peppers, and onions with bbq sauce on the side. So yummy! I am also a fan of the carrot and parsnip fries. My only suggestion is a better selection of cocktails. I'm not a huge fan of the current offerings. There's typically parking on the surrounding streets. Overall this is a great addition to the area and it's black owned :-)Yes! Healthy food that tastes fresh and is filling plus outstanding service in a clean and decorative atmosphere. There are really no drawbacks to the restaurant. I do have to mention the area is getting REALLY popular so parking can  be a little challenging. Just plan for that before you go.Created my own salad. Ingredients tasted fresh, but the avocado was very hard. Service was not the best, the workers moved very slow.It's a great option for a fast and healthy lunch. I really like the shrimp wrap and sometimes I get a banana whip. The best part is that I don't have to feel guilty for indulging!Love the green apple with my sandwich. Cool decor!  The salmon blt is a must try. The food is very tasty. However, we were very impressed with the personal service. The woman at the counter even used my first name when I paid with a credit card. Everyone will love this place. It even has a cute kids eating area.Just tried this cool little spot for the first time. I just moved here and wanted to try something GREEN and fresh to be able to stop in and grab a bite frequently. I was not disappointed. I had the Green Soul Smoothie and the turkey chili. Both were fantastic. I truly enjoyed the richness of the shake and the heartiness of the chili. I  will definitely be making this a regular spot and looking forward to trying out the more of the menu. Although I'm sure I'll be back tomorrow for that smoothie.First off, I love the food overall and the décor of Green Soul.  I have eaten here at least 20 times since it opened.  The restaurant is clean and the staff is very friendly.  My complaint is that it seems that every time I go there is a completely new staff and no one seems to be sure what to do. We learned to try to order in advance since it can be slow, but two times recently that we tried to do this, no one answered the phone.  We stopped by to order in person  and it was not crowded so not sure why the phone was not answered.This was my first time ordering from here through UberEats. The black bean veggie burger was yummy although it could've used a little more seasoning. I also had the chowder with jerk salmon. I enjoyed the flavors in the chowder as well as the salmon. My only gripe is the portion size. I ordered the 8 ounce size and when it came-it looked more like 4 ounces to me. Not cool.. I would order from there again. Maybe I'll go and pick up my order then I can ask about the sizes.The smoothies have improved! It's not the slushy consistency that it once was; now it has a better flavor and smooth consistency. I can taste the collards, banana, and dates (not all included in the smoothie)!Being a gym Rat like myself I was hooked on this place. Cant go wrong going here fast plus heathly .Jerk salmom soup is my Favorite ..I was in the Chestnut Hill area looking for non meat ootion since I am fasting from meat. A friend mentioned this restaurant so I decided to give it a try. Well I must say I am impressed with the friendly staff and great options. The black bean burger was delicious and the ginger lemonade was amazing. I will definitely come here again.Green Soul is great.  The atmosphere is very nice.  Our food was fresh and very tasty.  I had the Mango Jerk Salmon salad.  It was excellent.  My husband had the Island Black Bean Chowder with Jerk Salmon Cajun Salmon BLT wrap.  If your looking for a healthy alternative I highly recommend you give this place a try.Veggie burger was good and well priced.  Vibe was cool.  However they were out of ketchup, which was a little weird.  Veggie burger would have been better with it.Fresh brewed, French press coffee. Haven't seen that in most coffee shops. Staff is welcoming and helpful.We came in today and ordered for take out because they were close to closing time. Let me start by saying that the service was excellent, the girl at the register was super sweet and cheerful. And they gave us some fresh green apples to take home with us. We ordered a cranberry blueberry smoothie and a green soul smoothie. They taste super healthy but the consistency is a little piecey/lumpy. We ordered the Cajun salmon wrap and the BBQ pulled chicken wrap. Both were pretty great! Finally, we ordered the cobb salad. We were disappointed when we opened it up and saw that it lacked three ingredients: egg, avocado, and corn. So it was essentially salad greens, chicken, blue cheese, turkey bacon, and dressing. Weird. No explanation or anything. Overall, it was good but I wasn't blown away, and I was pretty disappointed about the salad missing half of its ingredients.My first time here was fantastic. The portobello sandwich was especially good. Came back today for two portobello sandwiches and two green smoothies to go, and literally waited for an hour, which was frustrating. I wish I had been told that they needed to cook up a new batch of mushrooms and I would have happily gotten something different. A very sweet employee gave me an extra sandwich plus a soup in compensation, which was a nice touch. Although it was a frustrating experience, I suspect I'll be back to give them another try. Mistakes happen.I love the location of this place! The decor is simple and matches the simplicity of their menu. The food is a little overpriced to me, but you don't feel as bad because you're eating "healthy". I ordered the mango jerk salmon salad and a cup of turkey chili (heard a lot about) and a green soul smoothie to go. I wasn't impressed with the salad. There was no jerk taste to the salmon. Definitely not worth the cost! The chili was very good! I'll probably only get that next time!Love this place.  Delicious and nutritious, and the service is A+.The grilled portobello mushroom and Gouda wrap is AMAZING.
The Mint Green tea I buy 3-4 at a time.
This place is good, solid healthy food.my first time here was a great experience. i'm a fan of healthy places like this and wish there were more of them closer to me. i attend chestnut hill college so i figured i'd take a drive down germantown ave and check this place out. i went here a few days ago around lunch time and it was pretty busy which is always a good sign. the decor is adorable with green lounge chairs and tables. i got a green soul smoothie and the bbq chicken sandwich on a wheat bun. both were delicious and the staff was super friendly. i'll most definitely be back. check this gem out if you haven't!This was delicious!!! Island chowder with salmon was impeccably done!! Shrimp with edamame salad wAs refreshing to say the least and the black bean burger!!!!!!!oh my Word!!!This is a great restaurant. The food is consistently fresh and delicious. They are accommodating if you want something adjusted on the menu, and the staff is friendly. The place is always very clean. Kid friendly too.This place was amazing!!  It was so cute, and in such an adorable town!  It was so healthy, and the food was great!  I got a smoothie, and it tasted like heaven, it boosted my day, and I would definitely recommend this amazing place!!!Love the freshness of the food here.  I wish they would either make the portions of the black beans with the jerk Salmon a bit larger to accommodate the large price.  6 ounces for 8 bucks is a bit steep.  
Great food and service.Chestnut Hill's fast casual healthy place is here to stay.
This place fills a void. There's parking, outside seating, healthy fast food, a kids area, and a meal for under $10. If you're into these kind of places, then you'll be happy with the high amount of options. Check the specials to add some variety. The prices are right where they should be. I got a 16oz chili for $9 and thought that was a little crazy, but it was a dense and filling chili. 
I got the BBQ Pulled Chicken, took a bite and thought there was bones in the chicken! I was wrong -- it was severely dried pieces of chicken. They served me something that wasn't servable a few hours before I got it! That's difficult for me to ignore. Then I had the Cajun Salmon BLT and they redeemed themselves.
One tip, think about what you want before ordering! Then get it and keep moving along.The turkey chilli was awesome! Perfect blend of spices. I love that they use both ground turkey and shredded turkey in the recipe. I also had the mango jerk salmon salad. It was good but the piece of salmon was rather small. Staff was friendly. Restaurant was very clean and very appealing. I will definitely come back.I can't comment on the food, because my salad didn't come after 10 minutes waiting - despite the place being pretty slow. Menu looked great - service and logistics clearly need some work.We are from out of town and wanted a healthy meal. I'm gluten free AND vegan, so that's always fun. I had sweet potato and black eyed pea soup and a smoothie. Both tasty. Not mind blowing. But a good, healthy meal.Tasty clean food gets this quick service spot 4 stars. I had the BBQ chicken wrap (go light on the BBQ sauce if you have the option). The kids meal left a bit to be desired for the price, but nice options are offered. Will be back for sure.Great, healthy restaurant filled with a lot of options! It reminds me of a fresh version of Panera Bread.So delicious and fresh. Had the chicken Cobb salad and loved it. Comes with a surprise green apple! And it's a clean, cool vibe inside.The food at Green Soul is awesome. I always go for their turkey chilli and mango salmon salad. My only gripe is that although the staff is incredibly nice, they are very slooow. I think it's a process issue. I perceive Green Soul to be fast casual, but I've not experienced anything fast about the service. I've gotten into the habit of calling ahead and placing my order so that I can just run in and pick it up quick. Other than that, it's a great little gem in the heart of Chestnut Hill.Good customer service and food. I met up with my girlfriend for lunch and we both ordered the turkey chili and salmon blt. Delicious! 
The space is clean and comfortable as well as reasonably priced. I plan to return and try one of their salads and soups.A beautiful health conscious restaurant with family vibes (they even have a cute kid's space). I had the chili, salmon salad, and cocoa avocado pudding all of which were delicious if not heavenly! If I had eaten a three course meal in any other establishment I know I would've felt heavy and in need of a nap, but not so with this place's food. I felt energized and light. The food is well prepared and very tasty. Can eat out regularly here and not feel guilty. Liked everything about this place including the staff who were very friendly.Green Soul smoothie is a must.  This place is in a quiet retail cul de sac behind the Chestnut Hill Hotel.  
Great service.  Nice staff.  Good prices.
Will be back!I use to be a fan of Green Soul. The food is fresh and they have vegan and vegetarian options. My last experience left a bad taste in my mouth. The guy at the counter was rude and condescending. He had absolutely no people skills at all. I left with out my order. I work on the hill and have people ask me on a daily basis where they should grab a quick bite, I always would recommend Green Soul. Not anymore.Food was OK, though neither my sandwich nor my husband's salad came out with all the right stuff. The service was horrible--took 20 minutes and was just a mess behind the counter. Like no one was actually in charge or thinking about how to run the thing. Will definitely not go back.I'm a fan.  Stopped in about a week ago after visiting their sister restaurant (Paris Bistro).  Green Soul was super cute on the inside and my meal was really good.  I ended up having the shrimp and edamame salad (totally enjoyable) and a spinach-apple-lime green juice (totally refreshing).  I thought the complimentary green apple was a nice touch, and I later used it to make my own green juice at home.  
I will certainly be back, as this looks like a great place to pop in w/ the baby for a nice mommy & me lunch out!
I had to revisit this review to comment on the beyond amazing turkey chili - dare I say, it beats my mom's chili ... But let's just keep that tidbit between me and you!Great food but poor service.  Just ordered black bean chowder and salmon on bun for carry out.  Got sweet potato wild rice soup and salmon in a wrap.  Really?  0 for 2?  This happens way too often here I am afraid.Yum! Stopped in for the Cajun Jerk Salmon and Mango Salmon salad.  Both were excellent!  I had to knock off a star for 2 reasons. First, when my fiance and I walked in, no one looked up from what they were doing to acknowledge us.  Normally, I leave a restaurant when this happens, ut I was hungry.  When someone finally DID come over, there were no pleasantries AT ALL.  He just came and stood at the register and looked at us.  In fact, I had to be the one to say,"Hi, how are you?" and ask him if he was ready to take our order.  Why am I doing your job for you?
Second, I asked for my salmon sandwich on a wheat bun and he brought it to me on a plain wrap.  It was still delicious, but if I asked for it on a bun, bring it to me on a bun.   Other than that, I enjoyed my food and will return.So far, I am a big fan!
When I heard a quick 'n healthy restaurant was opening nearby, I kept tabs on every update until it opened. We finally made it here last weekend. 
I have to say everything is reasonably priced. A lot of these types of restaurants tend to be overpriced, which always makes me a little less happy about the place. It is clean and welcoming inside.
There is a small area outside with some cool chairs (from Hipster Home?) to dine on too.
I ordered the black bean burger which was awesome all around! Better than any other veg burger I've had lately. I like that they kept it heterogenous, and yes, this contributed to it falling apart easily, but that's a sacrifice I'm willing to make! The BF had the BBQ Pulled Chicken and was a big fan. I like that they let you pick what to put your sandwich on - wrap or bun (the bun was awesome).
We'll certainly be adding this to our "don't feel like cooking dinner" rotation. I'll be adding a Green Soul Smoothie to my order next time I come in!
Green Soul is my favorite restaurant in this niche and I'm happy to have it as an option in the area.I'm a frequent uber eats green soul customer! I love the Cajun salmon wrap with the spinach wrap. I always pair it with a green smoothie. Both are delicious and make you feel like you've done your body right. The sauce with the wrap is delicious and I always order extra.4 stars for the food, but only 2 stars for the service and the fact that we saw the worker handle the food with the same gloves she collected the money with.  So 3 Stars overall.  They also ran out of smoothies :(This is my new go-to place for take-out after work.  It's refreshing to be able to get take-out that is both healthy and delicious.  I wish there were more places like this in the area.  The mango jerk salmon salad is my favorite. Hands down, the people who work here are super nice and attentive.I love this place! I'm always so pleased with their good tasting, good for me food. I usually order the build your own salad with mixed greens, salmon and a mix of all sorts of other stuff. I can create so many variations. I also love their Island Black Bean Chowder with Jerk Salmon. It is SO GOOD!!! I have been coming here for years and it has such a great vibe. I don't live all that close but I make it a meeting place with many of my friends. They also have outstanding customer service. They play soulful oldies and It's a great spot to eat, chill, write, people watch and reconnect.First impression was great with nice selection of healthy yummy foods and lovely inviting green space.  Did not appreciate their slow service, with their running out of dine in dishes and dressing for my salad. Felt like they prioritized regulars first before taking my order seriously.Most of the meals lack flavor.  The green smoothies are bland too...  For some reason I get much better results by throwing a hodge podge of my own similar ingredients into my vitamix.  Nice ambience though and kid friendly.Stopped by the Chestnut Hill Farmer's Market and found this cool little restaurant.  It is relatively new, a few months old.  Great, menu with lots of Vegetarian dishes.  
I had the Portabella Wrap.  It was delicious, simple - low fat and very tasty!  My companion had the Salmon Wrap, she also commented that it was also yummy.
They give you a green apple along with your order - very healthy.  Calming décor, clean and friendly staff.  Food is made to order, cafeteria style. Place and pay for your order, pick it up a the counter, then sit at the colorful green tables.
I was not able to get onto the wifi network.  Other then that, a great place to stop for lunch.I went with a vegetarian friend on a Monday.  This was our first visit to Green Soul.   You would think that this would not be a busy day but the wait in line was about 10 minutes because of inexperienced help at the register where the orders are taken.   After a brief tutorial from the manager the line began to crawl toward the register.   There were only 5 people waiting ahead of us.  When we gave the order for each of us (we ordered the "Man's Power Wrap"  which was good)  we waited an additional 12 minutes for the wraps to be completed by the prep guys.   I watched as a prep man assembled my wrap;  each piece of sliced produce was meticulously and painstakingly sliced and peeled in front of me and delicately placed on a tortilla to be wrapped.  As I said, the wraps were good and really stuffed but the prep really needs to be streamlined.   It wouldn't hurt to have some of the ingredients sliced and ready for insertion into the sandwiches and wraps before the place opens for business.   That's why it's called "PREP"  as in preparation!    Be sure to insert plenty of coins in the parking meter to allow for these slow pokes.   One other thing I must add:   How ever did this place receive reviews back in October 2013 when it didn't open until this past March 2014.     I live in the neighborhood and shop at the Farmer's Market every week and was waiting to see what this place would be.   The  so called "Fareway"  wasn't ready until the end of the awful winter that we had earlier this year so I ask you,  "how could someone print a review for a restaurant that wasn't open last fall?"It was delicious. I got the portobello wrap and my mom and sister got salads. My brother got a sandwich. My dad got turkey chili. Everything was DELICIOUS! And it felt so good to eat healthy. Then came dessert. We wanted banana whip, but they were
Out of bananas. So we got the avocado chocolate pudding. It was DISCUSTING! It tasted like teriyaki sauce. It was almost a gagger. It also had an avocados stem IN it. I really wish they had bananas. Overall, if you come here do not get the desert.The salmon wrap is the truth! Spicy with a little hint of sweet. I just wish it was a little bigger.Omg! Had the Brrr Snow Day Special, Turkey chili and grilled cheese, and it really hit the spot. So flavorful and filling... Foodgasmic!!!I really don't like to write really bad reviews for a place, but my wife and I had a pretty bad experience last weekend. We stopped in for something quick to go. We ended up waiting 30 minutes for a single wrap. The restaurant was under staffed with only two food preparers and they seemed very disorganized. If I was rating just the food, I'd give it a 4 star rating. Her salmon wrap was actually very good, but our overall experience was very poor. It would probably help to increase staffing levels during peak weekend hours.Friendly and attentive staff. This place is also extremely clean which is a huge plus! The food is fresh and flavorful. The smoothies are authentic. I have nothing bad to say.Amazing. Great service and free samples were given!! Staff was awesome tooMy wife and I walked past Green Sould the other night and thought we should give it a try, tonight we ordered food and I picked it up. What a disappointment. My wife had the Down Home country chile and the Mango Jerk Salad, I had the Roasted Herb Chicken sandwich on a whole wheat bun. The whole wheat bun was so dry that I nearly choked, there was for tiny chunks of chicken and a little chopped salad on the sandwich, not at all worth $7.50, my wife's chili was not much better. I should have realized that while the rest of Chestnut hill was a buzz of activity, Green Soul was empty when I arrived. Never again.Great fresh food!! Both vegan and meat options. We had the black bean burger, rice and bean soup, salad (created my own), avocado chocolate mousse, and bananas whip. Everything was delicious. Juices and smoothies too.  Reasonably priced.My kiddos and I had a great lunch here! 
Let's first start by saying FREE parking lot in Chestnut Hill. That's reason enough! Haha I found this hidden gem located near The Chestnut Hill Hotel using my go to Happy Cow vegetarian/vegan app although they do serve meat. 
Just the area surrounding the place is cool. They have these bright oversized plastic thrones the kids just loved! And what looks like a fire pit for cooler days or at night. Pretty lush flowers. And behind the restaurant are two dog statues and fun oversized doggie paintings. The kids loved this! And unexpected treat. 
Little did we know that inside they would have a tiny nook with a chalk board, a wall you could color on, books, toys, a tiny table a window seat and pillows to chill on. Score! Perfect place to hang for a little. 
My little one had a make your own salad which she gobbled up. No dressing. That's what a Mama likes to hear. Pick your bases include arugula, romaine, spinach and mixed greens. She had apples, raisins, edamame, grapes and cherry tomatoes. She just drank some complimentary flavored spa water. Served in reusable dishes. She say in the oaky area and danced and played when she was finished. My big girl ordered the Country Sweet Potato, Wild Rice + Black-Eyed Peas with seasonal vegetable soup and liked it a lot. She also had a kid's sized cranberry, blueberry Apple smoothie. I LOVE that they offer kid's sized smoothies! It's rare!!
I had the BBQ black bean burger with avocado mash and corn relish with Gold Beets, Carrot, Apple & Orange fresh juice. It was so yummy. 
The staff was so friendly! They even went out of their way to find out who made the awesome sauce wallpaper for me as we are redoing our playroom! Turns out they have some really cool stuff! http://burgerplex.com
We will definitely be back for sure!I really like the salads here but in the 10-20 times I have been here they never get the ingredients correct (and the salad is one from their menu!!!!) How hard is it to train staff what ingredients go in salads that are on the board??? They really need to do a better job with their hiring!Thought the food here was average...came here more for the kid friendly factor.  They have a nice little play area for the kids to keep them entertained.  The veggie burger was a little too smokey for my taste and a bit dry.  Portobello sandwich was much better.Stopped in on Saturday for a quick lunch. I had a super foods salad, which was good but a little over dressed. I will solve this by getting dressing on the side next time. Plenty of toppings in the salad and a good size for the money when comparing to other local places. I also had a blueberry/cranberry smoothie. The smoothie was less then appealing, mainly because it had the consistency and taste of jam. No one needs to drink/eat 12oz of jam. My husband got the Green smoothie and it was much tastier. 
Typical Chestnut Hill crowd during lunch hour, there is limited seating for parties over two.Green soul! A tucked-away gem in the Chestnut Hill/Mt. Airy area that offers healthy and delicious foods and drinks. My personal favorites are the green smoothies, soups and salmon sandwich. All tastes flavorful and good for the soul. Quality and great tasting food is a blessing!
The atmosphere and earthy decor creates a really nice ambiance; especially since it is adjacent to a snazzy outdoor seating area w/a fire pit. 
Customer service is friendly, and the restaurant is clean and intact.
Green Soul is that place to go on a nice night to wind down and chat with some friends. One change I noticed with the green smoothie is that it no longer has that smoothie texture and the flavor has diminished. The smoothie has a slushy taste since it seems like they are preparing the smoothie days prior, freezing it then placing it in a beverage machine. Although placing fresh ingredients into a quality blender takes more time, it produces a rich flavor and smooth consistency. I don't like the new process for making the smoothies. I hope this review will be seen and changes will be made accordingly.My co-workers and I ordered for lunch today using Uber Eats. There was a lost a sandwich, they of course blamed it on Uber. The chicken salad sandwich was small with hardly any chicken. The salmon wrap we ordered came on a roll instead. The veggie burger was just okay. Overall, we are all pretty disappointed with our meal and the lack of detail to our order.Great find ! Excellent healthy clean and comfortable place to nurture your healthy lifestyleThe BBQ chicken wrap is my favorite!  Quite tasty! Had for take out to a friend's house.  The apples were  the perfect dessert!Green Soul is awesome.  if you are looking for something healthy, it's a great place.  Good salads, sandwiches, and some other item like turkey chili.  Awesome smoothies too.  A little play area for the little ones inside, and located in a nice spot to walk around outside on warmer days.If Green Soul would open another location in my neighborhood, I'd be a very happy camper. The service was great--everyone was friendly, warm, and personable--and the food was delicious. I loved that my black bean burger had tons of flavor and a little spice, and didn't fall to pieces everywhere as I was eating, like many of them do. I also got a fresh juice, which was energizing and refreshing (the Green Soul Green Juice). I know green juices aren't everyone's cup of tea (pun intended) but I thought it was very tasty. And they gave me a green apple to enjoy later. Love that!I gave an extra star for their focus on good quality healthy food. The food flavor itself I would give 3 stars.  Ordered the salad with shrimp and edamame.  It came with a too small serving of creamy 'asian' dressing which was not particularly tasty and did not taste home-made (but perhaps it was).  The 'mixed green salad' it came with seemed to have only lettuces, missing arugula and other dark greens with more bite.  The shrimp had basically no flavor beyond shrimp.  In other words the food was ok, but would not order it again.  I did appreciate that they substituted some chopped beets for the corn as requested. Bottom line, it has a pleasant, clean atmosphere and is a good place to meet a friend.  For over $10.00, I am not feeling the salad was a great deal for lunch.  I think a serving a slice of whole grain bread with the salad would have made the lunch more substantial and balanced.This is an Awesome option for Good, Wholesome and Healthy Foods! This is My 1st Time Eating from Here, but this Food Is Awesome! I ordered the Down-Home Turkey Chili and the Cajun Salmon BLT wrap. I also got a Smoothie, It was Great too! I can't wait to go back,My favorite place in the area to get lunch (or dinner) with my 1 yr old. There are plenty of other 'family-friendly' restaurants in the area but for us, this is the best. Healthy options, welcoming (genuinely welcoming) of sometimes loud and messy babies, great play area, and both baby and I love the food. Unlike other restaurants my little guy can actually eat some of their food so that means I don't have to pack him a separate meal. yes! favorites for both of us are the black bean burger, salmon, and smoothie. even better, my sometimes loud and messy baby is not all that loud or messy at Green Soul. He is usually super happy, flashing smiles and stuffing his face with delicious food...so all the customers without babies can also enjoy their meals. Also they have ikea high chairs which are much easier for the small babes.Staff was friendly but the wait was incredibly long. Not sure I will come back because of this...what I thought would be a quick pick up turned out to be a 30+ min wait for a salad and a wrap.Green Soul is one word: AMAZING! The food is healthy & delicious & the service is amazing! I suggest the Cajun salmon blt wrap, jerk chicken salad, turkey chili, and of course the green smoothie! If you're in the mt airy, Germantown, west oaklane, east oaklane & chestnut hill sections of the city & are looking for a healthy "fast" food restaurant, then Green Soul is your place. You won't be disappointed!I can't add much other than to mention that if you're in the mood something salty and greasy, to be washed down with a sugary caffeinated soda, you had better give Green Soul a miss. As far as I could tell, not much on their menu strays from their healthy, green, all-natural theme. I can be down for that when I'm in the right mood, but lack diet Pepsi is a deal killer for me.Great local spot if you're in the mood for something healthy and flavorful. The menu has plenty to choose from, and most of it is dairy-free. I wished they listed which items were gluten-free, but if you ask them they can tell you which are. I had the Mango Jerk Salmon salad, and boy was it packed with flavor! Definitely coming back to this cute little spot if I'm ever in the area again.Great food. Built my own salad and I loved it. Great healthy choice. Great service, great ambiance and overall awesome experience here. They will definitely get my money again.Their sweet potato soup is the bomb, with added chicken.I'm pretty hooked on this place and visit often. I've enjoyed most everything I've tried and the staff is usually friendly.
One little peeve: I really enjoy their Banana Whip. It's sooooo good. However, on two occasions now, I've ordered it, paid, and only AFTER receiving the rest of my food was I told they were out. To be fair, the employees seemed apologetic and offered either an alternative or refund on both occasions. I was just a bit annoyed that they let me go through the process of paying for it and acting like they were able to give it to me only to be like "oh, wait, just kidding." Shouldn't employees be alerted they're out of something when they run out so they don't end up selling something they don't have in stock?We were thrilled to find this restaurant next door to our hotel.  They have a great range of options, including delicious vegan burgers, soups and salads - as well as choices for animal protein eaters.  The service is friendly and the seating is comfortable. We will definitely return the next time we are in Philadelphia.Had a meeting near by and was looking for a health lunch. Hopped in here. They have super yummy, fast fresh food. Reasonably priced. Love the build your own salad option.I love the food here! I ordered a jerk salmon salad and it was really filling and light. It's a cute place, but tables could be a bit cleaner.Sadly I was disappointed with lunch. The shrimp and edamame salad was drenched in dressing and missing the edamame. Think the staff still needs some quality control training. The chicken BBQ was also drenched with BBQ sauce. I'm not sure if this is how it's usually served, but if you are ordering and don't like heavy sauces, I would definitely make it a point to say dressing on the side or light on the sauce when you order. Hopefully this was a fluke.So today I ordered thru Uber eats an got the Jerk Salmon Mango Salad an Turkey Chili. My food arrived at expected time. I was pleasantly surprised with my salad an how fresh it was an the turkey chili was delicious could have been a little bigger but everything was delicious. They also gave me an apple with my lunch. I will definitely order again from here thru Uber eats!