Usually I would get sushi here and spend about $20. It was okay for the price and the portion was average. Today though, it tasted weird. Also, maybe it was because we got a sumo roll but it cost more than usual. I'm pretty sure that it's not about $20 for a sumo roll though.I ordered here through grubhub and after waiting almost an hour and a half I finally call the restaurant to see where my food is. Turns out they forgot the order. They refused to comp my food and tried to deliver it 2 hours after I placed the original order. I'll never order from here again.After I leave the subway, if I crave sushi, I go in here. Every time I've ordered, the person who takes my order is always nice. Waiting is reasonable. They have a couple tables to dine in but it's better to eat at work or home only because it's really small inside.
My go to orders are shrimp tempura roll, spicy tuna roll, which are on the small side but great for the price. And the chicken teriyaki is always good and hot.Brutally awful on all accounts. Fish is extra not fresh and mealy as well. The rice is generally served cold as ice which is pretty offensive. Never go here. Also, never order from here. Also, don't eat anything from here. Unacceptable.Sometimes what you really need on a Saturday night is to sit at home, watch tv, and order an astounding amount of sushi. This is what I did recently. 
I can only speak about the vegetarian items, as I do not eat fish. I liked everything I ordered (mango, oshinko, avocado, cucumber) except the avocado and peanut. There seemed to be too many peanuts in the roll and/or the peanuts were not chopped finely enough... something just wasn't right. 
A great addition to the neighborhood!The sushi arrived warm and tasty. I got the sassy roll, the Godzilla roll, dragon roll, eel and cucumber, and shrimp tempura roll. They were all tasty and it's cheap.This has become my goto sushi when I'm lazy and wanna eat in.
Its not the best sushi but for the price you pay and to have have it delivered to your door, its pretty darn good.  Not the biggest menu but they got the basics.
Spider roll is a winnerI'm actually really surprised that I had this
experience with the place. I had high expectations for this place based off the other reviews but I can't say I would give this 5 stars.. the only reason I gave 2 is because there is no half. I would have given this place 1 1/2 if I could. The sushi came fast despite the "30 minute" wait time I was told on the phone. However the delivery driver kinda looked frazzled and when I handed him $40 he said he had to get the change from his car so I had to wait a couple minutes for that.. I also noticed that he gave me a bag of trash along with my food (I didn't realize this until I got to my kitchen). The empty peanut wrapper, wasabi, and sushi carton filled trash bag was obviously his or from someone else. I was immediately grossed out by this and only reluctantly tasted my sushi since it was packaged and untouched. Aside from this the sushi was okay. I ordered the Philly Roll and the California Roll which were fresh, but I ordered the Samuari Tempura Rolla which were soggy from all the sauce on top and really chewy. My brother ate the Shrimp Tempura rolls and said they were fine. Overall I probably will never order from here again.Solid place.  Prices aren't bad.  There are better sushi places in the city for sure, but  definitely a welcome dining option to the area.  Got a tuna roll, some salmon sashimi, and a spider roll.  Cash only operation, and not a heck of a lot of seating inside (well, with '2 go' in their name, that's to be expected).  Would definitely stop by again when I'm in the area and craving sushi.How can you not love this type of food? I wasn't sure about the location but I was wrong this place is great, clean and tons of food many different people will enjoy. Try them out on a weekday so you can enjoy the time.I was looking at the menu and I was a tad skeptical whether the quality of the sushi would exceed other places I've tried that had both expensive prices and horrendous sushi. The price was perfect though, and I started reading their reviews on grubhub. It seemed like everyone was pretty harmonious with their reviews, so I decided to try some. The phoenix roll was beyond amazing! I was craving for some yellowtail and lucky for me, they had some! Everything I ordered was just delicious. Phoenix, dragon, yellowtail and spider. The spider roll though, could have been better, but the phoenix definitely hit the spot.
Definitely looking forward to another experience, maybe a more adventurous one at that.I am new to rolls so I might not be the best reviewer. They are not claiming to be 'worlds best sushi' but the lunch time special is hard to beat. It has never been sub-par but it could be better. The rolls are on the small side and the wasabi can sometimes be bland or burning hot.
I wish yelp had a 3.5 star because I would like to give more points but it isnt the best. but hey! in south philly, good sushi isnt all over unlike pizza/steak joints. I have also never tried the real 'sushi' they offer. Next time ill try them and maybe update my review.A typical take-out place in south Philly. For the price, the food is a great deal! I normally order their regular rolls, but their speciality rolls are yummy as well. Free delivery on order over $10! 
I also tried their Tofu teriyaki. Not as many veggies as I would have liked, but it too, is a great deal for the price. If you live in south Philly, I would definitely give this place a try!Ordered lunch from here today. The 3 roll lunch special is a great value! Also ordered miso soup and Kani salad- both were okay but not the best I've ever had. I thought the sushi was pretty good for the price and it arrived earlier than expected. The delivery guy was also very nice. Would order from here again next time I'm lazy and craving sushi.One of the cheaper lunch specials around, but I'm not sure it's worth it. Cheap chopsticks, sloppily assembled, fairly pedestrian lunch sushi.I've been here for almost 2yrs & I think it's time I write this review.
When I first started coming here, food was GREAT.
Always tasty, looked appealing, great staff & affordable!
I've eaten plenty of things off the menu from their sushi to the teriyaki & even the salads.
THENNNNNN they changed owners, about summer time.
Once right after they switch, I ordered the chicken teriyaki.
Dude, was it even chicken? It was gray, completely flatten and had the same constancy as McDonald's nuggets, (GROSS!) My boyfriend & I did not even finish it. 
Anddd sadly TODAY I thought I give it one more shot. Man I was I disappointed.
Ordered spider roll & kani salad. It seriously look like a trainee made it. 
My roll was not completely cut through, this is even a first for me! I LOVE SUSHI!
How do you not cut the roll? Sushi is made to be BITE SIZE and to top it off everything fell apart!!!!!!! My sushi box was so messy, sauce everywhere- on the sides, napkins & plastic bag. And my kani salad I didn't bother to eat.
All in all this place used to be so good, and it's such a shame it turned to shits.
I do not recommend this place unless you want a friendly conversation with McDonald's style sushi.The food is okay for a take out place but they have poor business ethics. I ordered two rolls of sushi for $10. While I was waiting I was looking over the menu and realized that they have lunch specials. They offer 2 rolls of sushi for $7 and 3 rolls for $10. After finding out about the special, I feel as though I paid more than I should have. So I talked to the cashier and asked why I was charged $10 instead of $7. She said " You aint said nothing about the special, so I can't do anything about it now". 
First of all she should at least tell her customers that there are lunch specials.
Second, she should of refund the difference of price. 
All I have to say is this place is a Shady Business!I ordered via Grubhub and got the tuna avocado roll, alaskan roll, and philly roll. My problem with the rolls is the size! They are so small! Each piece is about an inch wide. I'm not kidding you. I actually laughed when I saw them. I also did not like the rice that they used. It was more of a short grain white rice rather than sushi rice. For what I spent, I could have went somewhere else and actually got full (center city walgreens actually has better sushi). Fyi, the philly roll did not taste smoked and was raw (grubhub listed it as cooked). Delivery was faster than approximated and sushi didn't smell funky, so I give this place 3 stars (but I won't be returning unfortunately). I could make better sushi than this.Just ate lunch here for the first time after finding it on Yelp - it's the closest sushi spot to my office at The Navy Yard. I would recommend takeout next time as the atmosphere isn't  great for eating in (only 2 tables and it was chilly). I got a miso soup and 3 roll lunch special, what a great deal! The fish tasted fresh and while on the smaller side, did not have a lot of rice as a filler. I would definitely go back.Pretty decent sushi and the delivery is usually quick.
The prices are great. It's nice to have a sushi spot in South Philly.Quality has gone down since the last time I ordered here.  My last order was really bad and they messed it up.  Probably gonna have to find a sushi place that deliversMy husband and I wanted some good takeout on a Friday night. When we heard this place was opened, especially near our place, we wanted to give it a try. The staff was really friendly and there was so many delicious options to choose from. Everything tasted like it was made fresh. The sushi just melts in your mouth, not dried or mushy like cheap takout restaurants. The chicken teriyaki and steak even tasted good, like it came fresh from the grill. The rice was soft and very delicious. I think this is my favorite sushi takeout now.Not half bad. Super cheap, and you get a lot of food. The sushi isn't exactly top-notch, but it's decent for the price. The rice used in the rolls is a bit hard, like it's been sitting refrigerated for too long, similar to supermarket sushi. It's ~$4 for a roll of 8 pieces, which works out to 3 rolls for $12. It's not quite Vic's, but for South Philly (and easier parking) it will do. 
It also costs $4 for a huge container of chicken teriyaki sauteed with some veggies, and a generous helping of white rice. Bear in mind that this is a takeout-type place, with 2 tables for people who can't wait till they get home to eat their to-go orders. 
If you're looking for cheap and filling Japanese (not a very common combo) and you're in the area, this is a decent place to go.Currently yelping with a mouth full of Tuna Supreme Roll. This place kicks ass. This is probably my 5th order and I'm yet to eat a single grain of rice I didn't like from Hibachi 2 Go. Delivery guys are friendly too!...and now, for a short play titled "What Should We Have for Dinner?":
Me: Sooooo... What should we have for dinner?
My husband: I dunno. Pizza?
Me: While my love affair with pizza runs deep, we had pizza yesterday.
My husband: Ummmmm... How about... PIZZA???
Me: (gives up, makes sandwich)
If you live in the area south of Snyder Ave., or what I like to refer to as "the deep South" of South Philly, you probably eat an ungodly amount of PIZZA. On just about every corner of every block of this neighborhood, you can stumble into one of many family-owned pizza and sandwich shops. Pizza joints are equally as prevalent in South Philly as our beloved corner bodegas and the word "youse". However, if you've already eaten pizza for dinner six times in one week and you are looking to add a bit of variety into your carb-loaded diet, give Hibachi 2 Go a buzz and order your weight in sushi for a fraction of the price of what other Philly sushi restaurants charge.
The first time my husband and I turned our backs on pizza and decided on a sushi feast from Hibachi 2 Go, we ordered four rolls and a salad for a little over $30. Some people may be skeptical of the combined words "cheap" and "sushi" and the words' ability to coexist without hinting toward possible gastric terror and a one-way ticket to botulism hell. However, we have ordered here five times since discovering this place, and with each order the sushi has been fresh and tasty, and we've lived to tell the tell and write a Yelp review about it. Hibachi 2 Go is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Now, if only they made sushi pizza... :)I love this place. The sushi is really good and they have fast delivery too! I love the Scorpio one and other special sushi from here.My favorite sushi place in south Philly! I probably order take out from them 3 times a week (I have a serious sushi addiction) and they are always super fast and friendly!Hawaiian Roll...yum. Philly Roll...yum. Will definitely go back. Be mindful that it's cash only.I had to update my review because when they first opened, it was delicious. Now it's meh. Don't know if they had a bad day or changed sushi chefs because my sushi came out hard, not fresh at all, and then i got sick afterwards. Also, it gets hot in there, so if you're gonna serve sushi, isn't that bad for raw fish? That could probably explained why I got sick. Hopefully they change this because they are a good addition to the neighborhood.Decent sushi. I actually ordered delivery. Got 24 pieces of sushi for around 15 bucks. Definitely very filling. 
The wait time wasn't too bad. There are lots of orders from this spot as it's one of the few places that specializes in sushi and sashimi in the area. However, I know making rolls is an art form so do not expect the best sushi you will ever have. Expect a spot like this to be a fast food takeout spot because it is basically that. Great fast food joint though for sure. 
I actually came here when it first opened up several years ago. If you want some good sushi, try this spot out.Ok I thought all sushi places were equal and I hate to write a bad report but me and my friend ordered shrimp tempura and it was the worst sushi experience I ever had of sushi .Im sorry but that was a nightmare we actually threw 26 bucks of sushi away sorry but bread shrimp should not be tasteless .Excellent sushi.  Terrible teriyaki.  Focus on the sushi, which is cheap and delicious, and you'll be happy.We got 4 tempura rolls of different flavors and waited 45 minutes for our order.  I have never waited so long for my food at a restaurant where you are the only customer.  All tempura rolls tasted exactly the same, maybe it was for the amount of batter they had.It's hard to believe this place has any decent reviews. Worst sushi I've ever had. The tempura was way overcooked and hard as a rock. I ended up throwing almost my entire order away. Never again.As an avid sushi fan - or perhaps rabid is more accurate - I was amazed and delighted to find H2G a block from my daughter's apt. The grand opening banners still up, we ventured in for a bite. The sushi is fresh, standard portions at prices that ought to make this place the most popular sushi stop in south phila. In fact, the only place i've ever seen a better deal is the Hibachi all-you-can-eat prices out in Downingtown. We did a selction of sashimi and a rainbow roll. 3.95 per three pieces of sashimi, $7.95 for the rainbow roll. Killer stuff. If you like fresh, well prpepared sushi and don't want to spend a small fortune to eat, this is the place! WOW.Just moved to south Philly and I order from this place all the time. The Phoenix roll and Tropical roll are my favorite. Great prices too!Tried from Terryin, it was alright, then tried from Johnny Chang' s and it was good! BUT, today I tried the OMG rolls and spicy tuna rolls from Hibachi 2 Go and it tasted amazing! I will definitely order from here again. Although it did take a while to come,  the cooked sushi came warm and delicious, worth the wait!Awesome food. The teriyaki is banging however whe i order exrtra meat i expect a decent portion. For two orders in a row i got extra meat and was dissapointed in the portion. This most recent time the entree had literally 5  bite size peices of beef. I can only imagine how small it would have been if i did not order extra meat. Food taste 5 stars. Portion size 2 stars. Final verdict is 3 stars overallBased on today's experience: 
Decent sushi. Great prices. Horrible customer service. 
I guess I should have really paid attention to the name of this place, emphasis on the "2 go."  
I was doing my laundry two doors down & thought that I would pass the time with some sushi.  They have a couple of tables inside of the restaurant, so rather than eat at the laundromat, I thought I just sit and enjoy a nice meal alone.  When I walked in, nobody greeted me. I stood at the register... nothing.  I took a seat... waited a few minutes... nothing. So, I tried the register again.  Someone came to take my order.  I pulled out my credit card to pay and they are a cash only establishment.  I said that I would go to my bank across the street and be right back.  She asked, "is this for here or to go?" I told her that I wanted to dine in.   When i returned, My food was all boxed up and ready "to go," even though I had asked to eat there.  After I paid, the same girl who rang me up, asked me "Would you still like to eat here?"  When I said, "yes." She asked, "Oh well, do you want me to like serve you?"  I really wasn't sure what to say so I just took my food and left... but not before being denied extra ginger...The reviews on here are generally pretty positive so we must have caught an extremely off day. This was without a doubt some of the worst sushi I've ever had. Every aspect was bad, it tasted like they had no idea how to make sushi rice, the seaweed tasted off, the eel sauce had a strange burnt taste, the ginger was woody and sour. The wasabi was okay! The tofu teriyaki was also decent. But in terms of sushi I would never go back.Cheap sushi, took like an hour to deliver so just make sure you order early on a Friday night!This place is one of the best things to happen to this neighborhood in a long time. Not only is the sushi super fresh, and totally affordable, but the staff is EXCEPTIONALLY nice, and courteous!  I love that they deliver, and they always throw in a free bag of "shrimp chips" every time we order. The presentation is also very well thought out and lovely, even the soy sauce comes in nice little cup (no messy packets).
Try the speciality rolls, they're delicious! I would eat here every day if I could! Thanks for moving in guys!I recently moved in around the corner from Hibachi 2 Go. I've ordered by phone but prefer using grub hub because, well its just easier and kind of neat.. Everything I have ordered has been amazing. The sushi is great and definitely reasonably priced. I've tried all different kinds of rolls and they have all been perfect. The chicken teriyaki is my go to dinner. If you're eating on a budget this is definitely the meal for you. A hefty portion of delicious chicken with their amazing tasting teriyaki sauce, a big portion of rice (fried rice costs only 50 cents extra), and a nice portion of vegetables. I will continue to eat here on a weekly basis because of the convenience, price, menu selection, and the staff are always friendly. Keep doing what your doing!This is the second time I have eaten here. The first time I came here I wanted to try out the sushi with wasn't bad but was a little soggy. Then I ordered there teriyaki not good at all very little meat little sauce and alot of fried lettuce. I will not be coming back here to eat again I gave it a second chance and the food ducks still.My coworkers and myself order from this place at least twice a week. Considering where we are located, South Philly, for the price (3 roll special is the best value) and location, the sushi is quite a delight. Also, we order from GrubHub everytime and out of 50 orders, they have been late only once. They are very reliable and as consistant as you can expect from a sushi place not near the ocean. Our favorites are the Sunshine and Alaskan Roll. Don't forget the spicy mayo! Worth it.Best sushi place in south Philly...large selection of rolls! In the past, I have tried the the spider roll, the shrimp tempura, the dragon (not sure if this is the full name) roll, the eel roll, the salmon roll, the avocado salad, the seaweed salad, the kani salad, and the shrimp/tofu teriyaki...all very delicious with the exception of the kani salad. Prices are fairly reasonable as well.Hands down best TAKE OUT sushi place in South Philadelphia. I order from them via grub hub, this isn't a place I sit down and eat at as it's very small with only a few tables basically on Broad near the 79 bus stop. But I order from this place every time I want to order out sushi. The food is always on time if not early, and I always tip the delivery guy extra for that. The food never disappoints me, and I've ordered more times than I can count in the last year or so. I'm a huge fan of the Hawaiian roll and the salmon sashimi. It's mango on top with spicy tuna in the middle. I've been living on West Coast and I can't find any kind of roll like it even though it's pretty simple. You'd think the sushi would have a better selection of rolls on the West Coast, but honestly Philly/NYC seems to be the place for your sushi!Very fresh and clean is all I needed to know.I don't understand how this place can have so many good reviews. The food is not good. I feel a little guilty because the people are nice and everything, but this is some of the worst sushi I have ever had. I have tried this place at least 3 times in the hopes that it would get better, but the sushi just tastes old and has that fishy quality to it that fresh seafood shouldn't have. I have also tried the chicken teriyaki, and I don't know how it even qualifies as teriyaki. The chicken doesn't even look like chicken, and it's covered in a gross syrupy sauce that doesn't taste anything like teriyaki. I'm not even sure it's real chicken meat. Anyways, I am finally giving up on this place once and for all, which is so disappointing because I love sushi and it would be nice to have a convenient place like thisThis is a small spot with a mostly take-out business. There are several tables to sit at, but I wouldn't call it a real dine-in spot. I've been here twice, and both times ordered the Teriyaki Chicken. The dish comes with a side of vegetables which consist of mostly cabbage. If you like cabbage, that's great... but if not.. there's not many other vegetables in the medley. The chicken had adequate flavor... nothing special. The food was made in under 10 mins, but the price differed from what was on my menu. It seems that I had an outdated menu at my office, so check prices before you order. Oh and FYI: THEY ARE CASH ONLY!!! $$$The rolls were delicious and affordable and it was ready very quickly. The only issue is that they do not accept credit card.Living in Conshohocken limits one's sushi options considerably. Needless to say, one of the biggest perks of our new place downtown is the abundance of sushi spots, several of which offer delivery. The thought had hardly even crossed my mind.
But sure enough, we've had three or four excellent dinners worth of sushi arrive punctually at our door, at prices that made me nervous at first about the quality of the food. Sure enough, it's good fish, and really good sushi - my only objection would be that they could use a wider selection of rolls.
These guys are stifling me - we should be trying new places, but we just keep calling this place instead. Oh, my life.Every time we order from this place the delivery takes over an hour, I get double meat every time and I can count on both hands how many pieces of meat I got. I usually get extra sauce and I never get it. This has to be the worst service I've ever gotten.I love their chicken love mein, only problem is that they have no drinks to order. It's kinda a bummer.Pretty good sushi for South Philly. Generous portions and good customer service. There isn't much seating here, but I usually order a lunch special, anyway!Great sushi!  Fast delivery! It could of been colder. And the tempura taste as though the grease wasn't too fresh but all in all I would order againThe bad: I wanted to try something new because my usual sushi place is closed on Monday. The sushi was absolutely terrible. I ordered 3 rolls and ate one piece of each at which point I put all of it back in the bag. 
The good: After contacting grubhub, I was given half of my money back. I was hoping for a full refund but at least they did something.I will probably come back to revise this review at some point, because I'm hoping for an improved experience, but for now I have to be honest.  I went in to order some sushi to go and it was ungodly hot in this place.  It had to be 95 degrees or more in there.  I asked the woman at the counter if their air conditioner was broken.  She said they were installing it.  Meanwhile, the fish is sitting in 95 degree heat, not on ice from what I could see, and I was sitting in a very minimalistic 'dining space' melting.  Everyone there was very nice, and the sushi was impeccably made and packaged.  This unfortunately could not change the fact that it was warm, even borderline hot, and not because they were cooked rolls.  I ate them since I was ravenously hungry and had just shelled out $15.  They didn't taste bad, but one usually expects room temperature or cooler sushi, and it definitely impacted the flavor.
I am really hoping this was a fluke and I just happened to walk in on a really brutal day.  Even the warm, paranoia-inducing sushi was better than you would expect upon looking at the place.
I am also really hoping I don't wake up tomorrow with any form of food borne illness.
Seriously, guys, when it comes to perishable food, you really can't sacrifice temperature regulation.This place is freakin delicious they're so quick and they serve it to you right away! And It's still warm when they deliver!!Not bad at all for the price. Ordered the shrimp teriyaki which was ok tasting and perfect portion for the price. Only thing is they give you wayyy too much rice (and I eat a lot of rice) which is a waste. The snowball roll was really tasty, especially if you like cream cheese LOL The bf had the chicken teriyaki and ako roll- no complaints there either. Will def come back to try other stuff, but don't forget to bring cash!!I went for the first time tonight and I had one of the worst experiences I've ever had dining in Philly. I ordered a few rolls and took a seat. Then a mouse walks not runs but walks from behind the counter to  the soda fridge. The cashier didn't see it but the cook did see it. He looked at me and then turned away. On top of all that, the sushi was warm and disgusting. I vomited. It was my first and needless to say last time. I will be reporting them to the city. They don't maintain a clean kitchen.Average sushi not really worth a second trip. I found it to be a bit pricy for what you get. The garden salad was mediocre and filled with water. If you have the chance just pass on by.This is a solid takeout/delivery sushi joint. The rolls are always fresh and tasty and delivery is quick. I recommend highly for lazy nights.The food was pretty good and the prices were very, very reasonable. We ordered a special they ran in the South Philly Review  which was a chicken teriyaki platter for $3.50. It was a huge portion of chicken, mixed veggies and rice. The regular price is not much more than the special.
We didn't try any sushi, but their prices were VERY good compared to other places we've seen around the city. We are definitely going to give it a try. This is a new business definitely worth trying!There aren't many sushi places way down in South Philly. This cheap, cash only, hole in the wall gives us our fix in a pinch. 
We usually get takeout and picnic in FDR park close by with the kiddos or grab take out for a rainy Friday night. It's convenient and fairly decent. 
 A fine takeout only option where sushi is pretty non existent. You can just order online and swing by and pick up. 
Hubs is a fan of the Mexican Roll while the kiddos eat peanut avocado rolls which I highly suggest if you're easing them into sushi. 
House salad needs and extra ginger dressing which is .50 and miso soup is ok. 
Nothing spectacular but easy. 
Cash only.Food was fresh and tasted delicious. I would def order from here again. I would only do pickup or delivery as the restaurant isnt that nice.Wowza. Someone doesn't often expect any South Philly establishment off the beaten path (aka Passyunk) to serve non-food-poisoning-containing raw fish (SPTR aside).  But Hibachi2Go breaks the mold and serves decently fresh sashimi, delicious rolls and a slew of tasty salads/teriyaki, and at penny pincher prices.  Not to mention they deliver. What a score!
Don't be frightened of this place - it's legit.  Not "OMG YOU'LL DIE WHEN YOU EAT THIS" sushi, but "YUM YUM THIS HITS THE SPOT" sushi.  And for more than fair prices.  Serious South Philly score.
Note: I am not a roll fan, but try the Special Boston.Cheap, delicious, and friendly staff. Got a lunch special: 12 Chicken _ Rolls and a bottle of water for $10. The rolls were big too, and they didn't skimp on the chicken. Tasted great.We order delivery from Hibachi 2 Go at least once a week, always delicious, always fast.
 Their miso soup with the little cluster of enoki mushrooms is my favorite EVER.
Do yourself a favor and order the Phoenix Roll. or 5.We ordered last nite and it was fast, fresh and delicious! I ordered right thru here and it was easy and efficient! Loved eveything we ordered. This is our go to sushi take out from now on. Perfection!!!Can't really call it fresh fish, more like some kind of fried fish mash. I would call it sushi flavored rolls. For the price you would get a better deal picking up something from the supermarket.So I didn't try the sushi.  But I had the teriyaki chicken and beef combo, and the seaweed salad.  The teriyaki beef tasted like pepper steak crossed with some sort of bastardized cheese steak.  The seaweed salad was a little bit of seaweed on top of a mess of iceberg lettuce.  I've never seen a seaweed salad with anything other than seaweed.  I paid $5 for a bunch of cheap rabbit food.  I won't be going back to this joint.I loved getting the California rolls here  
Ordering only take a second and it not a long wait to get my foodSolid sushi, speedy delivery, inexpensive prices. Not much else to want from a sushi joint in South Philly.4 stars for the prices and sushi lunch special, haha.
I haven't had their teriyaki anything yet, so I can't comment on that, but the sushi was pretty good for a random spot on Snyder between corner stores, a hair salon and pizza places. The only thing I noticed that was different about the sushi is that they cut it into 8 pieces unlike some places I've noticed that cut it into 6. Over all, it was good and I'll probably be ordering from here again.Sushi pieces are small. Not very good quality. Not very nice customer service. Cash only. The only perk is proximity and they stay open a little later than some places near bye.Needs improvement. This is usually my go to spot to order sushi to go. However, i was not pleased this time. It has been over 6 months since ive visted this location and it did not exceed my expectations like the other times. I ordered a shrimp tempura roll and a cucumber roll with cream cheese. The cucumber roll was fine, but the shrimp tempura was not. The shrimp tempura had this burnt taste like it was overcooked and sitting all day, or it was refried. It did not taste fresh like i was accustomed too. Also the cashier was impersonable, she needs to learn proper mannerisms. If i had to choose i would say toyotomi would be a much better option.I enjoyed this place. Tried it for the first time last week. It's a nice quick stop for good sushi. There's also a variety of what you can select. However, be mindful that it's CASH ONLY. Other than that, they have some rice dishes and sushi. It's a convenient spot near the bus stop if you're ever craving sushi. The service is also pretty awesome. Great place. Glad it opened up.As far as sushi west of Broad in South Philly, this isn't TOO bad... but it's not that great, either... but how many good options are there, anyway? While I do like their salmon avocado and shrimp tempura rolls, but my other 2 favorites, the spicy tuna and eel avocado are a little different here in how they look and taste with the spicy mayo and eel sauce. The chicken teriyaki is pretty much terrible and if you want an unpleasant surprise, get a party platter with the chef's choice of rolls. You'll get some pretty experimental rolls that are unappetizing like an onion ring roll or something with peanuts in it. Lesson learned. 
I'll still order here but I'll refrain from ordering anything than what I usually ever get. Luckily, Toyotomi seems to be a much better spot but east side of Broad.I ordered through GrubHub, and they delivered at least 20 minutes quicker than the estimated time. I got a California Roll and the Phoenix Roll, which were pretty standard what they are. It definitely wasn't the best sushi I've ever eaten, and I've definitely gotten more food for the same amount of money, but this is South Philly and I'm not expecting a whole lot outside of Chinatown. Nevertheless, for a Thursday night in I was overall pleased with my order and would consider buying again!