We have been at least 20 times and have enjoyed it each time.  Kids, dogs, and laid back neighborhood people all add to the nice vibe. We always get the reasonably priced crepes with a side of greens. Often we get coffee.  Sometimes we treat ourselves to the pastries. Every visit has been great!Liked the vibe.  The caramel apple cupcake was delicious.  But heavy. The sun dried tomato focaccia was bad (greasy and also heavy).  The short caffe mocha was very short and small. But the atmosphere was so cool and neighborhoodish.  Everyone in there seemed to know each other.  And I'm new to the neighborhood.  Might be a great way to get to know my neighbors while enjoying some yummy caramel apple cupcakes.  Will try other hot drinks next time.Stopped by for a little lunch after trail running in Wissihiken and thoroughly enjoyed this cafe. Delicious crepes with a very reasonable mixed green $1 side. The cinnamon roll was wonderful too (ask for it to be heated up). Friendly staff and atmosphere and dog friendly (water bowl outside and treats inside). Loved this place!Great atmosphere, delicious coffee and crepes! The  baked goods looked amazing! I also LOVE that I can flavor my coffee with ginger or other hard to find flavors!Pretty amazing. Best Vanilla iced latte ice had in awhile. They sell the Odwalla line of organic juices which are good. Food is pretty tasty as well. 
Bathroom was a bit dark, would have liked it better lit. Other than that, was pretty nice spot.This place is phenomenal!!! The egg poppers are a top fav and so is the french toast crepe w/ bacon!Simply the best coffee, consistently so. By that I mean every time I stop in, and sit in the front store window, their coffee is just this side of an out of the body experience.Note: get a car so I can come here ALL the time. 
The pastries are just...so delicious. I would love to have one now. Everything is seriously good here. There crepes (from what I remember) were also delicious. But their brioche takes the cake for me, personally. Gruyere brioche is always a favorite. 
I don't think there has every been a time I went and just had 1 pastry...nope. Never.I came back to change my review. I was a little hard on the place (blame the I need more caffeine headache!) I've been here more regularly since  then and it's become my favorite neighborhood coffee shop. Pricey, but well brewed. The cafe treats are fresh and well made as well. 
Lattes are great!I LOVE you this place!  Always treated like a favorite customer even though I only stop when visiting Philly. Their baked goods are phenomenal and their coffee and espresso drinks are the best!My home away from home. The best coffee and pastries in the City. My absolute favorite is Double Tall Shot in the dark with lavendar. Yes it sounds a little weird but it is my drink. The egg poppers are always delicious if you can get there before 11 and there are any left.Best neighborhood coffee shop. I've never had pastries that taste so homemade and are uniquely flavored. The barista's are super friendly and make awesome drinks. The crepes are delicious. I moved to Phoenix and still miss High Point dearly!!This cafe is terrible. It's pretentious and overpriced. A bottle of juice is $3.25 that's $1 everywhere else. The pastries are look interesting but are actually bland and similarly overpriced. The service staff is smug and generally unhelpful. I tried to get a toasted bagel with cream cheese, and they didn't toast it, or put on the cream cheese, and the "bagel" was actually a roll. Avoid at all costs!Home made pastries, excellent coffee - really the best coffee in the city.
It's a bit crowded but if you're looking for coffee and pastry to go, the line goes really quickly.  
Owner Meg is a doll.  Great cafe.Baked goods? Drool.  Coffee drinks? Yum.  Based on one visit.  Baristas were nice, nice, nice.  It was a little hard to get a table - middle of the day on a weekday, but worth the moving around.We visited this gem of a place in October 2013. We were blown away with the delicious crepes, great coffee and the yummy and fresh baked goods. All the staff was super friendly and attentive. Will definitely go out of my way to visit this place again next time I'm visiting Philadelphia.I love this place, delicious crepes and pastries and the coffee and teas are some of the best I have tried. The atmosphere is amazing and they have excellent customer service. If you are looking for something sweet I recommend the raspberry and cream cheese crepe, the galettes, sour cream coffee cake and the jasmine green tea honesuckle cake as well!The best service I've ever received at a coffee shop. Becky is perfect and she always makes my partner and I feel welcome and ready to take on the day!! Love this place.I just love my Elixir tea in the morning with a lemon poppyseed scone. I'm sure I have mentioned this delicious pair before, just can't get enough.Mediocre coffee that is a bit overpriced...an 8oz cup is 2.25 which is more than what you'd pay for 12 ounces at other small shops. The crepes are ok...again not worth the cost. Above all I get the feeling that the whole place is pretty grimy and could use some better cleaning and upkeep.This is a really cute little cafe. The coffee is very good. I had a iced latte and I dare to say it was one of the best I've had. I had a crepe and house salad for lunch and it was great. 
A perfect place to meet friends for lunch and/or pastry or a place to grab a coffee and read a book.I think I'll go today... I work at home and this is in my neighborhood.  If you've ever had crepes in Paris, this will take you back to that memory.  They have a delicious selection of sweet dessert crepes or you can have a meal; vegetables and/or meats are made into savory meal crepes.
The place is small and gets crowded quickly, but they also do take-out so you can just take it with you if you don't want to sit and enjoy the ambiance and the parade of friendly neighbors who may pass by.
I also love their chai tea with a non dairy milk of some kind.  It is most satisfying on a cool fall day but even in summer I appreciate the spicy sweetness of this hot tea.
They also serve great pastries that change daily.  One of the ones I remember was the blueberry/cardamom pound cake.  It isn't there often but whenever I see that one I have to get dessert!Excellent espresso and lattes, nice homemade pastries and a great atmosphere. Perfect for a lazy Sunday morning if you'd like to read a paper, have a bite to eat and relax. I'd highly recommend the crepes. I had the spinach and swiss, which is quite large by the way, along with a light mix of spring greens and house vinaigrette. Simply delicious!Ever since my departure from New York City after graduating from college, I've been looking for a local place that's good for a caffeine buzz, light lunch, or study spot. Starbucks and other chain stores grossly fail to meet my above standards mostly because customers are generally treated as nameless, faceless drones. 
I found High Point after I joined the Weavers Way Co-Op in West Mount Airy and was hooked. The staff? Knowledgeable! Don't know the difference between a caffe latte and a hole in the ground? Don't worry, they'll take you through their great menu without the side condescension.  Always courteous and friendly, even to the gaggles of kids that come in from the school across the street around 3pm. The drinks? Made to order, the right way, the first time. They even offer their own beans. The food? Amazing quiche and crepes made to order. A diverse array of taste bud temping baked goodies. And salads for the guilty folks. 
Best of all - you can load a gift card in the shop, write your name on it, and have it stored behind the counter for your next visit. No more digging nickels out of your pockets to get a fix. No worries, they also take plastic. They're also pretty eco-friendly and inspire their customers to be as well by offering a credit for anyone who brings their own mug or thermos. 
I love that you can form relationships here, bring your mom here, meet a potential date here. The bulletin board is filled with active posts about pets for adoption, mommy and me groups, etc. And I'm only a few yards from the Co-Op across the road for groceries.I think my previous post about the espresso drinks may now be irrelevant. The maple latte is now one of my favorite drinks. The first time we visited, the mocha just didn't have a rich chocolate and coffee flavor and the milk foam wasn't very tight. The baristas have gotten a lot better, the foam is nice and creamy and the mocha is much better. Also, the chai is bold and spicy. 
I haven't seen the pistachio turnovers lately which makes me sad, but they have other excellent pastries there as well. I wish the place was a little bigger, but it's good for grab and go.This place has the best coffee I've ever tasted.  Their pastries are beyond amazing.  Everything about this place is wonderful.  Meg is a heaven sent from up above!What can I say? Every time I venture in, it becomes the high point of my day and eventually my week. These are the neighbors you may or may not know who are ALWAYS incredibly cheerful,  gracious and kind. Whose swift 'n steady hands serve you up somethin' special and delectable,  and always with a smile. Others have noted it and they're dead on: insanely friendly staff.
Everything is delicious. My au lait is always perfection. Rich, flavorful coffee engulfed by sumptuous, creamy foam. It ain't often folks get romantically entranced by foam, but just you taste and tell me your tongue hasn't met a pillow of love ...
Okay. A bit much maybe so I'll talk about the pastries. Choose any one. Biscuit. Scone. Egg popper. Even the gluten free treats are tasty. (Yeah I said it. Y'all know you see gluten and brace your tastebuds for the mealy, cardboardia. But not here you won't!).
I'm still striving to sit myself down for crepes, about which I've repeatedly been told. Guess what they are.
Delicious.
Hope to bump into you there soon!Yummy crepes that everyone in our party really liked. The service was fast and friendly, and it looked like almost everyone from town stopped by to grab a drink or sticky bun from there that morning. Cute little coffee shop!This place was a wonderful surprise!  We were visiting the area and arrived on an early morning flight.  We checked Yelp for nearby cafe's that served vegetarian food and found this wonderful place on a little side street off Lincoln Drive.  Not only was it super cute with amazing homemade baked goods on display, it had excellent made-to-order crepes, delicious coffee, and awesome art on the walls!  We stopped there again on our way out of town and had the most amazing apple pie ever!
Thanks for everything, we'll be back next time we're in town!High points (HA!) for being on the cutest little block - right near my favorite co-op and favorite book store. But aside from location, the crepe and coffee that I (regularly) get at the High Point Cafe is always the perfect thing that I'm in the mood for and so tasty. 
This is a pretty tiny spot, and I would recommend against going when school is letting out (its right across from some school, and apparently kids like coffee and crepes... who knew?). The prices are so so reasonable and the guys behind the counter are always cool and chatty. 
I'm kind of salivating just thinking about the crepes - sweet and savory combinations like caramelized apple and cheddar, or spinach, onion and chevre. And I've been told to try their sticky buns...apparently, they are awesome!Discovered this place last weekend, and glad we did.  So damn cute, friendly staff and fantastic crepes.  It was a great way to spend a relaxing Sunday morning.  While we were enjoying our coffee we even got treated to one of the employees belting out her best impression of the Sesame Street chef..."10 chocolate cream piiiiiiiiiiies!"  It was totally random and unexplained but hey, it made us smile.  I've never seen that happen at Starbucks.  Looking forward to going back.I stopped in High Point to check it out last night after work as I explored Mt. Airy, not intending to buy anything.  I wasn't in the mood for coffee, but ultimately I gave in to a fresh blueberry cupcake.  Cupcake, you say, not a blueberry muffin?  That's right!  A delicate, cakey cupcake chock full of fresh blueberries, endowing the treat with an exquisite flavor I have never encountered in any of its muffin cousins.  It was topped with a rich, sweet blueberry frosting, making it quite a decadent way to spoil my dinner.  
The gal behind the counter was charming and helpful, and gave the cupcake such a great pitch that I couldn't resist.  Downside: $3.25 seems like a lot for a cupcake, but at least it was a darn good one.  I definitely plan on returning to sample the coffee, crepes, and other pastry options.Truly incredible food in an amazing location with a great atmosphere. Had chorizo quiche and it was one of the most delicious foods I've ever eaten (and I'm a foodie). Only problem is there doesn't seem to be wifi? Don't know what's up with that. 
Also food is pricey but worth it.My favorite coffee place. Good quality coffee, they listen to your request on how to make it. Great Coffee/Breakfast snacks including Gluten free.
The atmosphere is very friendly and typical of the great neighborhood it is in. One of the best hidden secrets in Philadelphiagreat staff, great crepes, good coffee, good baked goods (some awesome)10/10 espresso coffee!! When you're really in the mood for great coffee do not look further than this place. The venue is so warm and cosy. The treats are delicious and the crepes... yes please!High Point is my go-to place for coffee and treats when I'm on my way to work. Stopping in the cafe always cheers me up, sometimes because of the delicious crepes, sometimes because of the energetic and friendly staff. I recommend getting creative with your crepe- my favorite is egg/caramelized onion/curry/sriracha/cheddar/bacon. Yummmmm.My wife and I were heading into Philly for a Valentine's Day lunch and afternoon of fun and romance.  We had grand visions of finding a great pub and just languishing with a few drinks and some hand-holding . Five minutes after leaving our driveway, we were starving.  The thought of driving downtown, finding parking and everything else on empty stomachs was too much.  I get nauseous on Kelly Drive when Emily drives.  Not her fault...it's all mine.   She gets cranky with her empty stomach.  We'd be at each other's throats before boathouse row.  Believe me, this has happened before.  So, instead of falling into that trap, we detoured into Mt. Airy and stopped at the High Pointe Cafe, which is across the street from Weavers Way Co-Op.  It's actually affiliated with them, but don't hold that against them.  Oh....SNAP!  Can't believe I just wrote that, but I'm marching on.
I love the vibe of this place.  Sure, there are many cool, trendy coffee places that serve lunch in the city, but how many have a staff that is actually friendly.  Really friendly.  The people behind the counter are all smiles and recommend the hot item of the day.  Their specialties are crepes and coffee.  Mon dieu, how French.  The food is delicious and the coffee is very good.  We are never disappointed.  You have to wait a bit since the place is busy, but it's worth it. Tables are tough to get at lunch, but persevere and you'll find a seat and settle in for a nice experience.  
Great neighborhood place that has some cool art on the walls and cool folks behind the counter.  Who needs downtown when you have Mt. Airy right around the corner.  Oh by the way, we did go downtown and sleepwalked through the Constitution Center.  We're ungrateful Americans, I guess.  Bill O'Reily would chastise us, but i'd kick his butt   (he has it coming, don't you think?)Yelp needs to update the information about this place--- there is NOT free wi-fi access at High Point Cafe. I guess it is some sort of passive-aggressive way of dissuading PAYING CUSTOMERS from sitting down with a laptop and getting some work done. The crepes are delicious, but I'm a busy grad student and I like to go to a cafe where I can eat delicious food AND work on my computer at the same time.I really wish to avoid panning an independently owned little place that caters to a community...so i will keep my comments simple and to the point.
The coffee here is quite simply terrible. Laughably so. :))  I asked a couple of friends to drop in whenever and grab whatever their drink of choice was (espresso, iced coffee) just to verify whether my assessment was too harsh and off-base. Unfortunately for them my initial opinion was more than accurate. :)
Don't go here for coffee (you have been forewarned - the other reviews about great coffee ("best coffee in the city!". "cut above") must be written by people in the owner's book club, relatives, or people who normally drink old packets of Sanka)
But do go if what you wish to do is hobnob with the essentially harmless local crunchy crowd in what is honestly a nice, humble, community place.
I wish the owner well (and suggest they consider buying just slightly better quality coffee and finding some kid who knows how to make it ;))The coffee and menu selections are what make the High Point a must-go for anyone in or outside of the neighborhood, but the only beef I have (and there's hardly any) is that there's no Wi-Fi!  All things considered, though, it's not a huge deal.  It's such a friendly environment (staff and customers alike) and there's a table-sharing policy if the place starts to get busy, so you may leave with a new acquaintance or two!  I will definitely be back!Great coffee and food, super friendly owner. Small, crowded little place. A bit on the expensive side which loses a star (in my book) but the food is top quality. You get what you pay for. If it was a little less expensive, I might get it a bit more...Great little gem in the area. Only downside is that it is a little small, but they make up for not a ton of seating with delicious crepes (sweet and savory), a solid selection of coffees and teas and a warm, cozy atmosphere and friendly, helpful staff. Great local place to check out!This staff is smooth. Super sweet and helpful, patient with annoying questions, and rather hipster/artsy which I appreciate immensely, personally. The customer base is meh, but the staff is awesome. 
Only place I can get an unsweetened non-dairy latte outside of center city. There's a mocha with fresh orange that is irresistible. They also carry gluten free pastries!I've been here a few times.  The coffee is good but the prices are high. The staff is very slow so if you're in a hurry to get to work don't bother coming here. 
If you're looking for a place to get coffee and sit  (if that's a spot even available! There's not much room) try the crepes. They are fresh and delicious.A teeny tiny neighborhood spot with great coffee and fresh pastries. Staff is friendly too.Awesome crepes, awesome coffee, awesome staff.
Be warned that this place can be a little on the pricey side.  It is worth it.  Every experience I've had here has been wonderful.  
The tables are to share with others but there always seems to be enough space for everyone and you may make a friend!I've come to the High Point Cafe several times.  Their pastries are delicious.  But that's the only good thing I can write.  Their coffee is inconsistent -- sometimes it's fine, but sometimes it's terrible.  Same with the service -- some of the people who work behind the counter are pleasant.  But others rank as low as it gets from a service perspective:  rude, loud, ungracious...  The other real problem with the place is that there isn't enough space for the tables.  So if you eat there, you will be continually bumped into by people in line for coffee.  And if you're waiting in line for coffee, you'll be continually bumped into by people who are getting in line for coffee.
Stop by if you want to pick up a pastry to go, and don't mind the possibility of a rude counter-person.  But for coffee and for conversation, there are several other places in the area to choose from that are far better in every respect.This coffeeshop has two locations, one at the Allens Lane train stop and this one, kitty corner from the Weavers Way coop grocer. They are an institution in west my. airy. Pretty much everyone in the hood comes here, so its going to be bustling at all times of the day, which I love. Not a place to get work done, as you will rarely find a quiet table. The greatest plus of this place are the baked goods, which are all homemade. Their egg poppers are amazing, and their lavender cupcakes are insane. They roast their own coffee, too, which is a very old school thing to do. The only real negative ate the prices, which are consistently higher than Starbucks, which docks them a point.Stopped in with a friend after a beautiful run on Forbidden Drive.  The staff were extra friendly and understanding of my need for lots of WATER :)  We each enjoyed some cookies that seemed home made, and my friend had a coffee.  It's in a perfect spot.  Cozy indoors and great view of the trail outdoors.Cozy little neighborhood pastry coffee place amidst a fairy tale coop enclave of tranquility in Mount Airy.  Open at 7am already, also during the weekend.  Recommended.They won me over. Delicious food, insanely friendly staff. One star off because they frequently forget my toasted pastry and often burn it and have to start over. However, I like them so much it's forgivable.Absolutely wonderful. I left feeling special. The chai latte with soy is amazing. Thanks ladies.Nice neighborhood spot. Coffee is tasty, staff is friendly, and even though it can be packed a but full of strollers it just goes to show what a nice local destination for different kinds of people.HPC is a very small, cutesy cafe. Bicycle and street parking are available right outside. The only major complaint I have is the lack of wifi. The barista told me this location gets very busy, so they want to give customers the opportunity to sit and dine for a little bit, then make their way out. I'm not sure if that was a hint to steer me away from hanging out there for a prolonged period. Regardless, I still stayed for about an hour to get some work done. No one said anything to me about leaving. I did notice a decently moderate flow of customers, who sat down for an average of about 10-15 minutes. In terms of the beverages, I ordered a chai tea latte. It was pretty good, but nothing extraordinary. I liked that they had a pretty big selection of food items (salads, pastries, etc). I did not get a chance to try anything to eat, but I would be open to doing so the next time around. I was told there's another location, which I would probably be more willing to visit when I'm in town again.A really great gem in Mt. Airy! The food is great, and the service is even better.Tea was good but service was poor. Location 602 carpenter Ln.This has to be one of my favorite indie cafes. Excellent coffee and pastries, really nice staff. I love their crepes, and so far, we always find a table. I guess most of the regulars look to be ex-hippies from Berkeley, maybe laughably so (referencing the review below), but I don't let that bother me. They seem nice enough; people chat in a friendly way, nothing like the Park Slope helicopter mom and pop crowd.This little store is a neighborhood cafe with quality coffee, baristas who know how to make a good latte and pastries begging to be eaten. Their unique offering is a wide variety of crepes, savory and sweet. 
I have never been blown away by the crepes, though, to be fair, I am not necessarily a crepe fan. Most recently I ordered the Turkey, Spinach and Cheddar crepe. And it was ok. I wish the turkey was shredded or in bigger pieces or something...or maybe smoked or...I don't know...something different then what it was (small cubed pieces). It was just kind of boring and definitely had too much spinach and too little turkey to justify spending $7. 
There's no wi-fi in this place so keep this in mind if you are looking for a coffee shop to sit and use your computer while you are drinking and snacking. It's a nice place to go with a friend or two, sit and catch up in a friendly environment.High Point is the ultimate neighborhood coffee shop.  It's not just that the coffee is great, although it is, or that the food is great, although it is. (The pastries are AMAZING).  It is a real center of community.  There is work by local artists on the walls, announcements about local events, pets to be rescued.  The people behind the counter are genuinely friendly, no matter how busy it gets.  Go a couple of times and they will remember your name and how you like your coffee.   It's called High Point because Meg, who owns it, wanted it to be the high point of her customers' day, and it is.  High Point Two just opened at the Allen Lane train station, by the way-- it has a tiny little parking lot.  This is a great place.  Mt. Airy is lucky to have it.This is the best coffee shop in PA. I love it here. The food is great and the staff no what I want with out me having to say it. I wish that all coffee shops would take note because this is the best restaurant experience I have had in a while!  Love it here and just wish there were every wear.Boy, I have fond memories of High Point. 
Those most worth mentioning include:
(a) their frequent buyer card [something like buy 10 get 1 free], and 
(b) the complete absence of annoyance from staff whenever I brought in a squirmy but adorable tot. In other words, this cafe is family-friendly and *not* pretentious.
The place can get cramped/crowded. But there's outside seating, people watching, and dogs!This cafe is very quaint. Just like any other cafe is has its busy points and low points of the day. There is plenty of seating for 2-4 people at a time, front and back of the cafe. If you are lucky you can grab a two-seater in the front and people watch with your beverages on a rainy day. That is my favorite personally. You can get any combination of drink here and they have dairy alternatives for the lactose free folks. I always buy a large cappucino with almond milk and add honey to it. The food and sweet treats here are all local and pretty fresh every time I go there. I have never gotten a sweet treat there but they look absolutely delicious and there are different treats there everyday. My tooth hurts just looking at those sweets sometimes (LOL). It's across the street from my fave co-op market too so if you need to grab some coffee and groceries in the same vicinity they are a stones' throw apart! I hope you try it. This area is the best for such a family cafe, and bring your dog (only if its friendly) and kids if you want to sit outside as well on a sunny day. Cheers!Limited seating on the inside. My wife and I were relegated to sitting outside. Good thing it was a nice day out. Food is good and drinks are ok. Customer service was exceptional.I ordered a vanilla latte and it was a bit too sweet, but still relatively enjoyable. I also ordered the orange-chocolate crepe, which was excellent. The venue is also a bit small, dark and cramped. I think they should consider changing locations, but overall still a good experience.I love this place. Everyone is so friendly, and the crepes are delicious. Great for Brunch or Lunch. Excellent service!High Point is worth the drive from any part of the city for the warm cinnamon buns alone!  But son't stop there- come by for lunch and have  delicious crepe with goat cheese and spinach or ham and cheese.  Great coffee and every other home made baked good you can imagine.  Although small, table seem to turn over fast and the service from the counter is fast and efficient, but still super friendly and nice.Part of me doesn't want to review the High Point Cafe because I believe a girl is entitled to have herself a perfect little hidden coffee shop that not too many people know about. That being said, this is a 5 star coffee shop so they deserve to be reviewed! 
I used to live in West Mt Airy which is how I first discovered High Point. I still go to church in Chestnut Hill, so I've made a Sunday routine of stopping by for a relaxing lunch on my way home. I always go for one of the savory crepes with a side of greens, a vanilla latte (either hot or iced, depending on the season), and sometimes a chocolate chip cookie to go. The crepes are filling and full of fresh ingredients, and the coffee never disappoints. 
It's the perfect place to sit and read and enjoy your coffee and lunch. The patrons are always friendly though and aren't afraid to strike up conversation. Sometimes around noon on Sunday's it's a bit crowded, but when there wasn't a table available right away, someone has always been gracious enough to invite me to sit at their table until they finish up. The staff is great, especially the owner. You can tell she really cares about her customers and her business. Keep up the good work!I am passionate about this place, have been a loyal customer since the first week it opened.  The personality of a restaurant comes from the owner and High Point's owner and head barista Meg is the friendliest soul in Mt Airy and the High Point has become the neighborhood's unofficial club house.
It's always crowded, always has a line but somehow you always get your drink and accompanying yummy pastry or crepe or quiche quickly and you always get a table when you need it.  
Adopt a dog, buy some art, share a table and smile.
Just to correct Mark A, the High Point is not "affiliated" with Weaver's Way although Meg buys her milk there!I have been here twice and since I haven't had the food, I probably shouldn't be reviewing. But here's what I did get out of the place: a great sense of community. Both times I visited I was in the neighborhood visiting Weaver's Way, a co-op across the street, and I only stopped at High Point to grab a coffee. Both times the coffees were excellent. The "small" size is a bit on the "small" side, so watch out! But the place allows you a mug if you're sticking around to drink your beverage.
The walls are all plastered with local artists' work, which is great. Reminds me of Portland, Maine in a way. And there are a ton of community postings--flyers, advertisements--as well, so if you're looking for an apartment, event, or club in the area, this is the place to find it. I think I even saw an advertisement for a Singles Scrabble Club somewhere in there.
Last but not least: crowd. High Point is usually jam-packed, so have fun trying to find a seat, at least in the late morning or around noon. I suspect that it stays packed most of the day. The types of people are very diverse. You've got sitters and mothers (sorry to be stereotypical, but it's based on empirical evidence!) watching their kids, you've got small groups of two or three working on business, you'll see young writer and artist-types scribbling away in their notebooks. Older couples meeting up. Young professionals stopping in for a bite to eat. The food at the place did look pretty good, actually. Regardless of your reason, I'd give the place a shot if I were you.I can't remember what I got, but I do remember that I was disappointed. Their menu was kind of small and didn't have a very large selection of crepes. I left feeling unsatisfied.Best iced coffee around. Hands down. So many people get it wrong, simply an afterthought. Plus, you know if a place is legit by checking if they have simple syrup or not. Who wants grainy iced coffee?
Great community vibe. People of all ages hanging out on a beautiful street.  The crew is friendly and they play good music over the speakers. Wish there was more seating, but I'll live. Make  it a point to check this place out. No snobby vibe here, just a comfortable cafe with great drinks.Having worked in a, to put it plainly, snob's coffee shop during my last year of college, I quickly learned to recognize truly good espresso in order to earn a paycheck. High Point Cafe serves truly fantastic espresso. Each barista who has worked on my orders has crafted cappuccinos and lattes with no room for complaint. They pay close attention to the details of an individual order, a rarity in today's coffee chain world (yay small coffee house!!).
Why only 4 stars? I haven't tried the baked goods yet. Though, I'm sure, they'll bump my rating to 5 stars.In light of operating/frequenting a Coffee house, everyone in this café is incredibly calm and quiet.  I don't get it.  Like Yogi said .. 'No one goes there anymore cause it's too crowded'.  The place is always packed and all I want to do is get my damn medium drip and slide out.  But, nooooo, there's dogs barking outside, great-smelling scones in the case and so many distractions, that I can't take it that everyone is so calm.  The only reason I come back to this place is cause the coffee is so good and it's only ten or fifteen blocks out of my way. Damn I wish I had a medium drip right now.Coffee lovers paradise!!! A tiny little bit of perfection the coffee here is brewed and prepared with care and pride. And the cakes are moist and fresh and you can actually smell and taste the local ingredients used. 
A little cafe with a community feel frequented by locals... No higher praise!!!Best. Place. Ever.
If you're looking for a true community spot where everybody knows your name, or at least will try to remember your name, this is it.  Yes, it's tight quarters.  Yes, there will be a line.  But the people in line are friendly, and the folks who work there have a smile and hello for everyone -- even when they're jam packed and working their butts off.  The local artwork on the walls is also always worth checking out.  
Oh yeah.  And the food and drinks are terrific.  Especially the chai tea and sour cream coffee cake.I went here on Sunday morning for a little mother-daughter time and ended up with a full belly. For starters, there was never a time when there weren't at least 5 people in line for the nearly 2 hours that we were there. They must be doing something right though, because for all of the people coming in it never felt too crowded and all of the staff seemed pleasant (imagine people actually LIKING their jobs...wow). We each got a coffee and a savory crepe, hoping to have room to share a sweet crepe (nothing like breakfast desert), but our bellies were too full. The ingredients were all extremely fresh and served while still warm. I did bring home a cinnamon bun and that got good reviews as well. I'm looking forward to going again for some quality coffee, a sweet crepe, and some more bonding time.Always delicious!! Drinks and food. But one star off for no real bagels!!!!! (Their bagels are really just rolls...) And one star off for always crowded and somewhat annoying clientele. Would still recommend to a friend and do go once every few weeks.This is THE neighborhood coffee shop you've been looking for.  The coffee is delicious but the pastries are what I really come here for; there's nothing I've tried from their great selection that's been disappointing.  Make sure you go early in the day as they run out quickly.  The space is cozy and has a constantly changing art display that's, in most cases, available for sale.  Staff is attentive and personable.  If you go there and there's a long line, don't be dissuaded; service is quick.  SHOP LOCAL!Stopped in on a Saturday morning and the place was packed! After getting my latte and cranberry scone I can see why! Delicious homemade pastry and wonderful latte. They have dairy-free milk options such as almond, soy, and rice. I didn't get to try the crepes but they looked and sounded great as well. Despite being packed with a long line I was able to get my order and a table within minutes of walking in. Definitely going to be making this cute little cafe a weekly Saturday stop!