Good food, reasonably priced, and nice staff. Not ideal for eating in, but since they are going for a fast food approach to vegan food, that makes a lot of sense. I know the buffalo bella is the dish that they push the hardest, but for my money the Cheesesteak is the way to go. And pro-tip: Get the sweet potato fries.Super lunch option
Watch out for the yoga mats
You won't miss the meat
Lunch has been very strange for me since HipCity opened. Because here's the thing: I am a meat eater. I mean like my last meal on earth would be a burger. Or, just maybe, the fajita wrap. Because it's that good.
Haven't had everything on the menu yet, but everything I have had has been great. The buffalo bella and crispy hipcity ranch are amazing sandwich alternatives, especially paired with the green lemonade. The groothie is also delicious, and can stand on its own to get you through an afternoon if you only want to spend a few bucks.
Okay suffice it to say that the food is great. The staff is also very friendly, and when they get busy someone will come out along the line and take orders so congestion doesn't get too bad at the register itself.
My only issue with HipCity is that it is at times nearly impossible to figure out where to stand when you're waiting to order or waiting for your food. People kind of convene everywhere and it can get awkward when there's a line out the door. In such a small space it's hard to rectify, but if I see a line out the door I tend to walk on by not because it's a long wait (they're really efficient), it's just difficult to navigate the interior.Wow. I am not a vegetarian, nor am I a health-food nut (except for my random "diet" binges) but this place is awesome. A co-worker talked me into trying it out one day (by going there and getting me something and putting it in front of me) and she created a monster. I may not order every day but I sure do think about them. And their delicious salads! Every time I go there I am greeted with a smile and there are tons of other people waiting for their food, as well. Good company =)Great location, great food, and friendly staff! There are only a few seats and the store gets pretty crowded with people waiting for their food. I saw a lot of online order ready to go at the counter and think that would be the smart move the next time I want to come during a weekday lunch rush. Weather permitting, it's great to grab some HCV and eat it in Rittenhouse Square across the street! I've come a few times with friends and coworkers and no one has complained about their choices (vegetarians and meat eaters alike)!I like this place.  Unique sandwiches, and it's definitely the best place to go if you want a healthy option or have vegan friends.You honestly can't go wrong here. My favorites are the Udon Noodle Salad (a-ma-zing) and the Crispy Hipcity Ranch (so, so good). Friendly staff, fast service. Oh, they deliver too!I know people RAVE about this place, but frankly I find it A-OK. 
It is a great location, the food is fresh, and they have a great variety of vegan options. But I find it pretty blah otherwise. I've had the crispy ranch and the curry tofu and enjoyed both of them, but I feel like I expect more out of a specialty vegan place. I did really like chick'n in the crispy ranch. The fries are pretty good too. My green lemonade was way too sweet and lemonade-y for me. 
If I were you, I would try it because people love it so much and you get some unique items. But for the $10 range for a lunch item, I wouldn't  say it's nothing AMAZING.Magical vegan heaven. My wife and I stopped here on a detour from our route back home to Boston and she (a non-vegan) devoured their Philly steak. I literally had to pry her away from ordering more; I don't blame her at all though because the food was damn good. I had the curry tofu wrap and it was delicious. The place is pretty small with limited seating so a lot of people were taking (and I'm assuming regularly take) their food to go, so I'd be wary of this if you're wanting to sit in. 
But yeah this place rocks. Their kale lemonade alone is worth the 5 stars. Next time we're in Philly this place will be among the first in which we stuff our faces.Had a vegan chicken burger and it was delicious! Tasty with good spices. Small space inside and a bit crowded when you are waiting for the food. But no long wait, exceptionally fast and this was during lunchtime. Perfect if you order food to go.Despite being a staunch meat-eater, I can say without question this place rocks! My brother and a friend (both vegans) also enjoy this place. So, it's safe to say that this is a great spot to get food in general -- whether you're a vegan or otherwise!I've had the crispy chick burger and fries with aioli dip several times and it's so good I'm not gonna change my order. If they could improve in something it would only be lowering prices.This is a good place to get a take out lunch if you are in the mood for something healthy. I would not recommend eating there because seating is limited and there are crowds of people waiting to order/pick up their take out meals.  Rittenhouse Square is just a few steps away and that's where I go to eat my lunch.  The lady sitting next to me on the bench remarked how good my food smelled.
 Everything on the menu at Hip City Veg is vegan, though even if you are not vegan/vegetarian I would recommend it because the food tastes really good!
I liked the Udon noodle salad with faux-chicken. I've also had the ziggy burger which I thought was pretty good for a veggie burger (loved the fresh tomato, lettuce and onion) but especially enjoyed the sweet potato fries I had as a side.
There are also some interesting drinks. There is a "groothie" which is a greens and fruit smoothie. Personally I thought it was just OK and not that thirst quenching, but it seemed like a lot of people were ordering it so I tried it.  I preferred the green lemonade (lemonade plus kale, sweetened with agave), which was both delicious and refreshing! 
Overall I'd recommend Hip City Veg and plan to go back!I was looking for a gluten-free option, which basically left me with a taco salad. It was basic and not very filling, but good. I'd like to try the green smoothie- it looks delicious. I applaud this place for it's location and well designed menu. I hope that they can one day expand their venue to include seating and more gluten-free options.HipCityVeg is a vegan fast food restaurant. The food is delicious and addicting. Don't expect it to be more than what it is and you will be really satisfied with your experience. I've ordered delivery from them three times and have dined in once. The delivery was exceptionally quick, which makes me believe that most of the food is already made before you order it. It's not piping hot and fresh, but it still tastes great. The buffalo bella and fries are definitely my favorite items. If you're looking for something more upscale, try Vedge, but if you're starved and you need a quick vegan bite delivered to your office quickly, you can't go wrong with HipCity.Why did it take me so long to return? Oh gods of HCV, i've missed you so!  I came here for a quick bite after shopping on Walnut.  It was peak lunch time and they were busy! Be patient, it's definitely worth the wait.  I ordered the "chicken sandwich".  Anytime i can enjoy a delicious sandwich is a winner to me.  Do yourself a favor and grab a sandwich, get a groothie, and walk to the park and enjoy. Your welcome!WOW!  The food is oh so good.  I've eaten at a lot of plant based food restaurants at different locations all around Philadelphia and the surrounding counties.   Hands down HipCityVeg has the best tasting vegan food that I've ever tasted.  It is my new lunch spot.  The Philly Steak and carrot ginger drink was absolutely delicious!  I had my food delivered to my job and it arrived way before the estimated delivery time provided.  Two thumbs up, I highly recommend HipCityVeg.Burgers are large and tasty. Staff are courteous and friendly. I would definitely come here instead of Bobby's or Shakeshack. Unfortunately, I currently don't live in Philly and will have to wait until next time to try out the rest of the menu. 
Just a heads up, my burger got a bit messy to eat, but it was worth it. Get Ziggy with it...This place was a great! It was first time in Philly and I was starving. The guy that took my order was super nice. I got the buffalo bello and a chocolate & vanilla milk shake ! My meat eating friend got the chick'n fajita wrap and he devoured it. Even the water was delicious with orange & lemon slices in it. I'm definitely going back next time I'm in Philly !!!I'm 100% omnivore but um....HCV's sweet potato fries with sriracha aioli will. blow. your. mind. 
"Sriracha aioli," you think, "....yawn." No, no - this aioli is otherworldly. The fries are perfectly done, and the combo of them with the aioli is incredible. 
This is all I've ever had from HCV to be honest (multiple times though). And it is enough for me to give 5 stars!love vegan food.
shared a ziggy burger with a friend. presentation was cute...wrapped in brown parchment paper like a baseball.
tempah patty was delicious-warm and crispy.  texture was nice and meat like.
sauce on burger added to its juiciness and richness.  
it was a very filling burger, although i only had half of it. 
i can totally eat here daily!Restaurant has an excellent service, good tasting food, for someone on a rush, or someone looking to have a vegan experience.. I Totally recommended.Oh no..I may have a new obsession. 
My experience with the bella buffalo sandwich was truly amazing. The sauce was delicious and flavorful, the mushroom fried golden to perfection. Just the perfect amount of crunch and it held up to the sauce and other toppings.  I also don't know where they get their bread, but the roll was also fresh and yummy. I devoured my whole sandwich in less than ladylike time (and demeanor). 
Will 100% be back.What an amazing place!! Down here for work and decided to stroll around. This place popped on yelp and didn't disappoint... DELICIOUS food! 
Had the Crispy Hip City Ranch. I'm not a vegan/vegetarian at all and I thought this was better than any real chicken sandwich I'd usually get. Service was great... Staff extremely friendly. Also had the green lemonade.. Again, delicious. 
I'll be coming here every time I'm down from NYC for work. Wish we had one of these up thereExcellent place for lunch.  Order ahead for takeout or delivery.  The udon noodle salad, hip city ranch and ginger carrot drink are my favorites.  I do NOT recommend the cheesesteak.  I actually threw it out.  I'll stick with Blackbird for that.HipCityVeg is different than the other vegan restaurants Philadelphia has to offer because it is based on great tasting fresh foods that are prepared fast. The menu was created by Marquis and Rich Landau, known for the upscale vegan restaurant, Vedge, and his previous endeavor, Horizon's restaurant. HipCityVeg is a fast food restaurant that serves burgers, wraps, salads, fries, and healthy drinks of many popular non-vegan dishes. I had to try two of these creations!
Let's be honest... These sandwiches didn't last very long! The sandwiches had a lot of flavor and were fantastic! My favorite of the two was the Crispy HipCity Ranch, by a long shot! I liked the Buffalo Bella, but I thought that there would be more of a buffalo flavor. The Crispy HipCity Ranch tasted very much like it's non-vegan counterpart but more fresh and better prepared. I was most impressed by this sandwich! These sandwiches aren't cheap, but are worth the cash if you can spare it!
The restaurant is small. Small enough that I decided to take-out instead of waiting for someone at one of the 5 or so small tables to leave. I decided to just take my order home to eat, but the restaurant is close to Rittenhouse Square, a great park for picnicking or eating from a bench. The atmosphere at HipCityVeg is clean and refreshing. There is water available while you're there that is flavored with fresh fruits. I enjoyed some while I waited for my order to be prepared. There was a FourSquare deal available when I ordered here, and they accept LevelUp, an iPhone or Android app based payment service that has loyalty discounts.Went here yesterday (Saturday) and I can officially say I am HOOKED. The chick'n ranch sandwich is incredible. It tasted so much better than real chicken - I couldn't believe how they nailed down such a real taste. Can't wait to return and try basically everything else they have to offer!I have been here a few times now and have never been disappointed. Everything is pretty delicious. The $5 milkshakes are freaking amazing. I will say that it's a little on the pricey side for what it is, but the food is tasty and the atmosphere is nice. I will definitely be back!The food is great, the service is fantastic, and everything is composts me or recyclable! The prices can be just a bit steep which is why I gave it 4 out of 5 stars. I felt $21 for a burger, fries, and a milkshake was too much but it was forgone toy some of the yummiest vegan food I have ever had. Seating is limited at this restaurant as it's mostly a takeaway spot. Plan to most likely get your food to go.I'm typically a carnivore, but Hip City Veg was very tasty!  I had the fajita wrap for lunch.  It was a little pricey (around $9) for me, but it was big and filling and delicious.  It was busy around lunch but the service was apt and friendly.We moved from the city to the burbs recently... and I must say that HipCityVeg is on the top 10 list of things I miss.
HipCityVeg, please do not foresake the burb people.  Please save us by opening a store out in Wynnewood or Narberth.  We promise to frequent weekly.Great food- terrible staff. 
I work near HipCity and I think the food is inventive and fresh. But I have to steel myself to deal with the arrogant and generally unhelpful staff. Yesterday I had the nerve to ask for my salad dressing on the side after I ordered and the guy sighed and rolled his eyes and went to the window to inform them of the crime. The restaurant was not crowded (I was the only person in line) really?This place is a vegetarian's dream! Food is great and their portion sizes are large. Although it is slightly over-priced, I highly recommend it (for meat-eaters too!). My personal favorite is the Crispy Ranch Chikn. I get it every time!I've always heard great things about their groothie so I tried it. It was giving me a smoothie-gasm. Love it. But then one time it was served room-temperature and it was awkward...which was off putting to me because I don't really like warm smoothies, though other people may not mind. Personally, I think I pay good money for this, so it bothered me. I came back another day for another try, and I realized I fell in love with the groothie when it's chilled. I've yet to try their other goods! I like the vibe of the place itself though. Lots of positivity :)We stopped in and I had the burger and my wife had the cheesesteak.  Both were tasty, I think both agreed that the burger was better.  We also had order of fries, our total was just over $24, a bit pricy for take out lunch.  Maybe the cost is in line with other Rittenhouse eateries, I don't know.  There were only a few tables, so I guess it is a take out joint.  We enjoyed our lunch.
My wife said they were the BEST sweet potato fries she ever had, and we have eaten these everywhere. If we are downtown again we will try other choices.
The other comment I have is that everyone (customers) in the store looked like they were between 20 and 30 years old.  And most of them had piercings or tattoos, so I'm thinking healthy eating is trendy?  The store was hopping.This is hands down my favorite lunch spot downtown. A few weeks ago I stumbled upon this place and we have a beautiful lunchtime relationship. HipCityVeg provides me with a healthy option that my work cafeteria cannot (Salisbury Steak... again?!??) and is not TOO harsh on my bank account. I highly recommend the Bistro Bella on a bed of arugula (get rid of those carbs!!) and the sweet potato fries. Man those sweet potato fries are what dreams are made of.  There is always a line but they seem to move pretty fast at lunch. I recommend calling in early for pick up then stroll down to Rittenhouse Square with your vegan feast and enjoy a nice lunch!Oh my goodness - this is what vegan food should be. I don't know how they do it, but this is one of the only places where fake meat doesn't make me nauseas. Unfortunately, I live in LA, and while you'd assume there's great vegan food here, you'd be wrong. Places like hipcityveg really put Philly on the vegan/foodie map.  I crave this place all the time and can never find a decent substitute for the crispy hipcity ranch. Please expand so vegans and foodies everywhere can enjoy your menu!!!This is the worst take out I've had.  All I wanted was a large salad tonight and I'm so mad I just wasted $20.  I tied ordering a taco salad and when I asked the girl for an add on of chicken, she said no. Not it will be an extra 2 or 3 dollars (which I would have happily paid) but just a no we won't do it.  I changed my order to the Udon Noodle Salad.  I was then told it would be 45 min-1 hour.  It was an hour and a half+ before I got my order. 
I was looking forward to a large arugula salad with chicken and the other items, instead I got a small bowl of cold noodles with a little arugula and cold chicken. It was awful and a waste of money.  I ordered sweet potato fries on the side and they would have been decent had they not been freezing cold.
Don't waste your money!I *really* want to be able to give this place five stars!  The menu looks great, the staff is friendly and you can tell that they really care about what they are doing.  I want to love this place and I think I can if they can be more consistent with their quality!   
I've eaten there twice and both times there was something off about my meal.  First time around I got the peppercorn ranch chicken sandwich with a side of kale.  The sandwich was *almost* good but there was so little ranch that I barely tasted it and my sandwich was rather dry.  The kale was delicious.  I tasted my friend's caesar salad and while the concept was great, it didn't taste like much and was too skimpy on the dressing.  Second time I ordered the classic burger and a side of kale.  The burger was super yummy and there were enough condiments this time but my kale was very badly cooked.  Scorched in some spots but mostly raw with uneven seasoning.  Some bites were super salty and others bland.
I'm wary to go back because I've been so disappointed twice before.  I'm sure I'll try again soon but I'll have to get over my disappointment first.It is really hard to find a vegetarian restaurant around the Rittenhouse square area. If so, all I could get is a blackened black bean burger.One late afternoon, I found this joint near the Barnes & Noble. I ordered a Fajita wrap, sweet potato fries and ginger soda. 
The wrap was pretty good and so did the fries. The ginger soda went well with them. This would be my go to place, if I am roaming around this area.this place is in rittenhouse so obviously it's expensive, it has to be.  i like the chopped med salad, and thats what i normally order if i go there with friends. ( i'm trying to avoid mock meats in general, so i stay away from the burgers.)  the smoothie is great but i found out its like almost 400 calories, again i avoid it.  this place isn't for me like 90% of the time, but when you're hungover and want something greasy: stumble in and you'll leave happy.Listen, I can even take my meat-eating parents here without a hitch, so they've gotta be doing something right. I have encountered almost zero disappointment at this place. I've been vegan for almost 10 years now, lived all over, and this is the best vegan take-out joint I've EVER been to. 
My favourites are probably the Crispy HipCity Ranch ('chickn' burger), Ziggy Burger (tempeh), Jerk Caesar Salad, Green Lemonade and sweet potato fries... my Philly-native husband loves the cheesesteak.
I love salad but couldn't get into the udon and spinach salads (could have just been the service that day---few toppings on either). Definitely don't make up your mind about this place until you've tried a burger!I'm so happy there's a vegan restaurant so close to campus! First off, love the udon noodle salad. It's actually quite large and filling, although there were a lot more noodles than I expected (I had expected a bit more vegetables.) The sweet potato fries were nice and crispy - I'd highly recommend these.
Their green juice is overpriced (when are juices not overpriced), so if you're on a juice cleanse you'll probably end up ordering one here.
I ordered the tofu burrito once, and this was definitely by far the best I thing I've ordered here. It is extremely filling, and the curry wasn't too spicy or salty and complemented the array of fresh vegetables quite well inside the soft tortilla.A bustling little spot downtown with decent choices and prices, and very friendly service.
The only thing really special about the food here is that it's vegan, but it is nice to finally have a veggie "fast food" option!A year later ~ I can honestly say this is my "happy place" ~ I've tried almost everything on the menu and it is all absolutely delicious! I'm seriously addicted to the Udon noodle salad and green lemonade! :)I'm convinced that the Kale Lemonade is the only thing that gets me through how brutal summer can be in Philadelphia. Not to mention everything that I've tried on the menu has been delicious. A+ vegan comfort food! -One star for the annoying name. Sorry.The chick'n Fijita wrap was so well flavored.  I usually don't care for meat substitutes but in this sandwich I, an omnivore for the first 21 years of my life, could have been fooled by this chick'n.  The staff was very nice and my wrap was ready in under 5 minutes.The service was great! Our cashier was incredibly nice and helpful. She gave us a whole run down of the menu and what the place is all about. We ordered the chipotle fajita wrap, Philly steak, and crispy chick'n sandwich with fries. The fries are sweet potato and the siracha aoili was magnificent. We all enjoyed our food, it didn't feel like a vegan place - the imitation meats were good at imitating and all the seasonings and flavors came together nicely. Overall a really good meal, I'd recommend this place. The only down side we had was the grainy bread and the seasonings on the Philly steak could have been better. Definitely worth a try if you're in the area! (Beware this is very little seating)Only tried the hip city ranch chicken sandwich and fries but WOW were they delicious. Sandwich was on point (could've been a tiny bit crispier in my opinion) but the taste and portion was excellent. Will definitely be visiting again. Only downside is that the space is tiny and you most likely will not find a seat if you go on the weekend between 12 & 5 pm.......So I'm from Cali where there are no shortage of Vegan joints, and I must say this place would for sure be stiff competition for a few of the Cali franchise joints. And the Staff was beyond Stellar. And they where open during a snow storm.......Loved It!!I'm not a vegetarian or vegan but I enjoy the food from time to time. I ordered the Ziggy Burger it was eh. It was really dry and not much flavor, there wasn't much of the special sauce on the burger to begin with and I think if there was more it would've tasted better. My friend got the Philly Steak and said it was pretty good. We shared the sweet potato fries with the sriracha ailoi which was really good! Space is very limited for seats and my friend sitting on the shared bench was being moved every someone got up or sat down, kind of annoying. The staffed seemed nice but kind of impatient. Overall it was alright. If I come again I'll get something else since the burger just wasn't good and maybe I'll have a better opinion about the food. I will say the people who ordered a few of the drinks they have looked good.This place has the freshest food! I love the crispy chicken ranch sandwich, I'm not really a big fan of the ranch sauce so I usually just get the soy mayo instead! I've also tried the taco arugula salad, and the corn soup all of which were super good as well!Torn between a 2 and a 3, and I'm so sad about it!  
The first time I went here I had the Ziggy burger and it wasn't bad, but was so messy that it just fell apart everywhere.  I probably would have given it a 3.  The fries are good, but not mind-blowing as some people have described them.
Tonight, I read a ton of great reviews about the Philly Steak, so I was happy to try it.  Somehow, on the 3-block walk home, the sandwich became extremely soggy.  Not just regular messy-sandwich soggy, but so soggy that I couldn't actually pick it up.  I had to eat it with a fork.  The tomatoes and lettuce had already become warm, too.  The mushrooms and mock meat were pretty good, but for some odd reason, there was a ton of ketchup on everything.  It took away from the other flavors.  
Lastly, the prices posted on here are not updated.  The meal was over $15 (something like $9.25 for the sandwich and $4 something for the fries).
I'll try it again and get another dish on the menu, but I was so sad about tonight's experience.Finally checked out hip city veg after hearing great things! I am not a vegetarian or vegan, and I do think some people get confused by their menu including "chick'n" and other products that sound like meat, but this is definitely a vegetarian only place. No actual meat! That said, almost all of their menu items contain some type of protein and they have a variety of options healthy. I particularly liked their taco salad! I just had to try a chocolate shake (made with soy milk) after seeing one, and it was absolutely amazing! Honestly I liked it better than most dairy shakes I've had. My only issue is that it seemed like there were a lot of employees behind the counter chatting while I waited almost 15 minutes for my shake. I did have to go back up and remind them and then it was made quickly. They were all super nice and friendly though.
Overall it's a great place for grab-and-go fresh foods or a casual sit-down. And great location off Rittenhouse square!Awesome Vegan cafe! I can always expect a fast, quality lunch or dinner from here. I frequented HipCity as it is near where I had worked and the Philly Cheesesteak is delicious. I cannot recommend it enough, and many of my peers that I have brought to HipCity have continuously enjoyed their experience and the Cheesesteak as well. It is a messy meal, but so worth it.This place serves great vegan fast food. I was there about 3 weeks ago. I had the cheesesteak and crispy ranch chicken sandwich. Both were delicious. The place was clean and employees looked like they enjoyed being there. The staff was friendly and efficient. The cheesesteak was much better tasting than other vegetarian cheesesteaks I've had. The flavors work really well together.Just o.k. food. Acceptable service. Not-so-great interor design/ambience. 
They got lucky with their location. They have a long way to go to prove they're worthy!I was in town on business and feeling on the edge of a cold and I was really looking forward to a healthy salad, but unfortunately I didn't have the best experience. I ordered the Chopped Med Salad and there was so much oily dressing that it leaked through the take out bag and puddled at the bottom. The menu also indicated it had greens, but in fact it was on a bed of iceberg, which I find a bit shocking for a vegetarian restaurant. Where is the nutrition value in that? The only plus was getting a free (tasty) lemonade because I checked in on FourSquare. Overall I found it bland, boring and uninspired for a veggie place.Love Lovee the place. Had the sweet potato fries and a veggie burger. Both were spectacular... and I'm not even a vegetarian!!
The only small iffy thing I have about this place is that it doesn't have much seating, but other than that. Hip. modern. awesome.Loved the food!
What's the favorite?  
The Crispy Hipcity Ranch
Ok, we'll order 2 and a Bistro Bella, Caesar salad, and sweet potato fries.
My nephew couldn't believe it wasn't really chicken and even asked again what it was made of.
So maybe in this case, looks likes chicken, smells like chicken, tastes like chicken but ITS NOT!  Aww fake out.
We passed the Bella and Chicken around and loved them both and better than the salad.
I tasted the banana the most in the groothie which was filling in itself.
The place was small and jammed packed which was also another good sign.  There are about 4 spaces to sit inside and a small bench outside.
We lucked out on timing and got a chance to sit and eat.  Not sure if there is a park near by but worth getting for on the go.
I thought the prices were good for the amount of food we got and we were full and happy for the rest of the day.  My nephew's dinner wasn't as good as his lunch :) and a new vegan and meat eaters we were all impressed.Wow! I LOVE this place!
It is a small little place in Philly, we wanted something new (other than our other fave New Harmony) and I am so glad we did! There isn't much seating though so be aware that it can be hard to get a seat, there are two seats facing the window so you can people watch, then a booth side and 3 small tables with seats on the other side. So a total of about 8 seats. AND NO BATHROOM! So don't go in expecting to use one. The staff is super nice and helpful.
I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak and I was in love. I have never had such a great vegan version of a cheesesteak in my entire life. I have tried one other in Philly and it was nothing compared to this. I ordered a side cesaer salad and it was delicious. He ordered the ranch chicken sandwich and he loved it. We keep saying how badly we want to go back. The teas there are delicious as well and they have a water jug if you just want to drink water. I will 100% go back to this place for the cheesesteak and maybe I will try something new but we shall see because I loved that so much.
Oh and the chocolate milkshake is wonderful! I wanted to go back for another because we were sharing and both of us wanted it so bad.
If you are vegan, vegetarian, or just trying something new - YOU NEED TO TRY THIS PLACE!I would move to Philly just for HIP CITY VEG! Wow. I was blown away by the sandwich. Vegan what?!!! AMAZING... I mean prices are what they are because you are eating HEALTHY food, not some gross McDonalds. Why can't people understand that it takes a lot of thought and care to create something this delicious and be meat free?! My roomie and I both tried the Ranch Chick'n Sandwich. My mouth is salivating right now as I write this. I dont know how much I can go on! The bun was so soft and flavorful with whole grains, the texture of the chick'n was equally balanced with the rest of the flavors in the veggies of the sandwich. 
I had the sweet potato fries as well, and I've never had anyone make such delicious fries before! The Kale Pesto whatever sauce they have for dipping, I used for the fries along with the sandwich and the perfect ugh.... I need one NOW...
Oh and dont forget to get a green lemonade to go with that! Please open one in NYC!Well, what can I say? We are officially addicted to HipCityVeg. It's convenient and delicious and vegan. Vegan. Take out. West of Broad. Whodahthunkit?
The space is small but bright and the staff is very helpful. For a busy small space, they keep things running very smoothly. 
We have worked our way through a great deal of the menu so far and the big winners are hip city ranch, udon noodle salad, the buffalo bello and the spinach salad. The fries are pretty good as well. We also love the groothie and the green lemonade. Ooh, and the canned soda is a nice healthier soft drink choice. 
Really, if you want something quick and tasty that's not going to make you feel awful after eating it, this is the spot.The ziggy burger was the best thing I've ever had. I'm from Richmond and we are getting so big on vegetarian options, but nothing we have compares to the ziggy burger.This place is awesome - super fresh and high quality food and good creativity on the menu. It helps to be a little patient since everything is made fresh and expect city prices. 
For a first time, definitely start with the ziggy burger and some fries with aioli and then on the next trip grab a philly steak. The spinach blt salad is one of our faves also.OMG.  Visited this place with family on a Saturday night.  The staff was super friendly and the food amazing.  The hint of grill on the Chick N Club -- so yummy.  Also, Crispy City Ranch, Philly "Steak" were great too.  My husband said that the "Chick" N Nuggets were better than the vegan places in NYC that we frequent.  The Groothie and Green Lemonade hit the spot; and we finished off the meal with a coconut cupcake and cinamon bun.  I only had a bite of the cinnimon bun because my kids divoured it before I could get my hands on it again.  This will be my go to spot in Philly.I love this place. It popped up randomly while I was looking for a new place for lunch, and it has quickly become my not-so-guilty pleasure in the city. Just... UMG. I got the Ziggy Burger based on the review here, and I was hooked. It's flavorful, it fulfills my oral cravings, the lightly pickled cucumber in the burger is a zippy surprise, and is just what I want after walking across the city. 
Yes, I walk from 30th Street Station over to 17th, and back during my lunch break; it's a perfect 40 minute walk with a lovely break in the middle. It certainly helps eliminate any guilt I MIGHT feel after chowing down on such delicious vegetarian fare. Heck, I'm not a vegetarian, and I could happily dine on Ziggy Burgers and their fries and dip until I die.
Did I mention the fries yet? Oh dear. I asked someone in the shop if they were in line, and when they said they were trying to decide what to get I suggested the Ziggy burger "and don't forget the fries, they're amazing". She got right into line behind me and ordered the same thing, and I hope she enjoyed it. The cilantro black-bean dip is to die for. It's a very subtle flavor, but it's a flavor that melds so beautifully with the sweet saltiness of the fries. Heck, I had some for lunch today, and I regret not sucking down those last few fries now that I'm about to have dinner. It's a good thing I live outside the city and only work there, otherwise I'd eat at HipCityVeg twice a day.
It can get a little crowded... Okay, that's a lie. I've never seen the place without a line out the door. However, don't let that stop you if your boss is militant about your lunch breaks--the ladies work with military precision in there, and you will be out the door in five minutes or less no matter how crowded it gets on the sidewalk. As others have said, you can always go to Rittenhouse to eat, though I always manage to luck out with the stools by the window.
If you're interested in vegetarian food, or want a healthy alternative to the street carts (which don't get me wrong, are awesome in their own right), you need to eat here.Awesome vegan food! And the cashier was super friendly and helpful. Wish they had a bigger sitting area, but their cool wraparound papers on the sandwiches kept the food hot.
The crispy hipcity ranch sandwich was a great dupe for the chick-fil-a chicken sandwich, and a good portion size. Sadly, the limited time birthday cake milkshake was pretty bland--neither buttery nor vanilla-y like birthday cake should be. 
I'm looking forward to trying everything else on the menu.I probably won't be ordering anything from here any more with the new delivery system. Sorry too inconvenient.I've been vegan for 11 years now and have been a loyal customer since these establishments opened. I love their food so much my fiancé gave me a 40$ gift card to this location. I normally frequent the one on 40th and walnut (so often that they know my name and order) and the people have always went above and beyond at that location. However, today I went to the Rittenhouse location and after ignoring me for five minutes, the lady wound up taking my order. I ordered 3 items off the menu and I tried to use my gift card. At first it got declined and then a manager came over. She checked my balance and it said 0.00$!!! I was devastated. Since my fiancé doesn't really lie to me (why would he in this situation?) I am left to believe that when he bought the gift card, the worker pocketed the cash and never loaded the gift card. I'm very upset because I love the food so much, but this is unacceptable. They have lost a loyal customer and I will also warn others about the dishonest workers at this location.I like this place. The spicy Asian steak wrap was tasty. I don't know what the "Steak" was, but the damn wrap was out of my hands in a matter of minutes - so that says something! It was filling. The vegetables were clearly fresh. They have a solid, hard working team and a good process to move people in and out - so don't be concerned about the line (lunch time) it will move quickly. Will check out some other stuff here. It's a worth check out again spot.Not the best quality today in my arugula
Salad.  The avocado was bad (gray) and yet still served on top of the salad.  Usually much better.  Staff mis rung our order and changed it from salad to wrap.  While walking out, we were stopped and asked for $2 difference.  Not very professional nor customer friendly.to die for food w// such great employee+customer service! the chocolate milkshake is a must. definitely don't skip over this lil place.This food is amazing and definitely worth the hype. I love the sweet potato fries (make sure you try the black bean dip with it, it is amazing!) and if you're just starting to get introduced to vegan food then get the chicken tenders, they taste just like real chicken its absurd. A little on the pricy side but thats to be expected since it's vegan, and seating is verrry limited!!I had a fantastic meal here. I was blown away by the deliciousness of everything that I ordered. I had the Hip City Ranch Burger with a "Groothie" (AKA Green Smoothie). The burger was great. The wheat bun was delicious, and the lettuce and tomato were fresh and crisp. The chicken tasted so real that I kept having that guilty feeling that us vegan/vegetarians have when eating meat - but I wasn't eating meat. It was tricking my brain. I even picked off a piece that I thought was "fat", but then realized that that was impossible because it's just tofu. They have completely nailed the texture, juiciness and flavor of chicken! Amazing.
I will be back again and again because the service was friendly and fast, and the food was mind-blowingly delicious. Even my non-vegan husband couldn't get enough. It will be even more awesome in the summer-time, when it's not freezing cold outside and we can actually take our burgers to go! Looking forward to trying more of their menu, including the sweet potato fries!Great for vegetarian/vegan. Really flavorful burgers and the staff is always friendly and polite. Really like the sweet potato fries and buffalo nuggets too!The food is excellent the price is kind of high but it's worth it!!! I tried the Philly cheesesteak as well as the sweet potato fries both excellent!!!! I will be backIf you are aimlessly staring at the menu, get the Ziggy Burger! I mean, how cool is that name? The sweet potato fries were yummy too. 
Space is limited but everyone is friendly and the overall atmosphere is nice.
My only complaint (if you can call it that) is that this is one of those places that carnivores tend to like more than actual vegetarians/vegans because they serve what I like to call "sex with your pants on" food. As in, lots of carbs and empty calories to make it agreeable to those who feel that healthy food is tasteless. If you are looking for clean and unprocessed ingredients and are turned off by a little grease...this may not be the spot for you. But if your only requirement is "meatless", or you want to try something new and different, this is definitely worth a try.
BUT...I think even the most health conscious palettes can appreciate the power of the Groothie. 
Love, peace, and veggies.I can't believe that I haven't reviewed this place yet!?!?!? 
IT IS GREAT 
Great LOCATION in the busy part of Center City right by Rittenhouse Square. I like to take their food out into this park and enjoy it outdoors in the warm season. 
They are very efficient and provide nice and quick SERVICE. 
The MENU has options between salads, wraps, burgers and fresh squeezed drinks.I've got to hand it to the vegans/vegetarians. This place is so hip right now. Everyone is driving from suburbs and New Jersey to eat. 
The menu has a little something for everyone. I have been impressed how the food is not so vegetable heavy and tastes like a regular carnivore meal. I love the fries and the sauce you get with them. I have always been happy with my food. 
One thing just to remind society.... While the food might be vegetation/vegan. That doesn't make it 100% healthy. But I'm sure it's healthier than a cheesesteak at Jim's on South so what am I complaining about. 
Level up is accepted as well. There is not a ton of seating and there is no bathroom (isn't that illegal??). As others have commented, probably best to take your meal to go and eat it in Rittenhouse Square.
Definitely a must eat in PhillySunday - April 28, 2013 - 10:30 AM
I'm an evolving carnivore.  Non-meat options are gradually finding their way into my diet.  I've always enjoyed fruits and vegetables but, meat has always been a staple.
 I've heard mainly positive remarks and the promise of a Sunny Sunday prompted this suburbanite to venture into the city. HipCityVeg is a small store within a minute walk from Rittenhouse Square.
I was immediately greeted by a cheerful 20 something that eagerly described some of the customer favorites.  She recommended the $9.00 Udon Noodle Salad (Chinese black bean dressing, sprouts, arugula, carrots, cabbage, daikon, peanuts, & spicy glazed "chick'n").  My eyes transfixed to an oddly written drink - The $4.50 Groothie (green smoothie with organic apples, organic leafy greens, bananas, & seasonal fruit).  I ordered same.
The Udon Noodle Salad was very good but, was suspicious of the so-called chick'n.  Why?  It tasted like grilled chicken but, in fact, is soy and organic grains cooked on a hot stove.  The Groothie was refreshing and flavorful.  
I won't wait for another Sunny Sunday to enjoy HipCityVeg.Fast Food Fantastic Food 
Nice Walk about .5 from the Hilton Logan Hotel. I loved their chocolate shake best chocolate shake ever. My husband loved the fries they were a little salty for me. On a recommendation from the girl at the counter I tried to taco it was fantastic and she was so good great service for sure! My husband had the "chicken"sandwich he couldn't believe it wasn't chicken. If you are looking for a great meal no need to be a vegetarian to enjoy, my meat loving husband gave his "chicken" sandwich 10 out of 10!This location is fairly small with some seating in the back, but everyone that was there when I went was getting their food for takeout (not that surprising fro 3pm on a Friday).
I got the bistro bella sandwich ($8) and a side of the asian salad.
The lady working the register was very nice about offering to answer my questions. They were out of the olive tapenade when I went, but the cook asked if I wanted to sub a different sauce so I picked the white bean-cilantro spread that was on one of their tofu sandwiches.
My food was ready quickly but the lady in front of me's order was taking a while so they offered a complimentary lemonade or drink while she waited.
The asian slaw salad side was really good- it had some noodles, lettuce, cilantro, peanuts, cabbage and julienned carrots.
The bistro bella sandwich was tasty, but slightly messy with all the different sauces (probably my fault because of the sauce I subbed).
They had a sample of their BFG (green smoothie) which was really good and I'll probably be ordering it in the future.
Overall the food was yummy, healthy, and interesting, the location is super convenient, and the staff was courteous. I'm interested in going back to try some of their breakfast options.Great spot for quick, healthy food. Ziggy Burger had nice smoky flavor and sweet potato fries were nice and crisp. You don't have to be vegetarian to enjoy this food!A dream breakfast destination for vegans. Came here while spending the day in Philly and am so glad I did! The staff was extremely friendly and my southwest breakfast wrap + hashbrown meal was delicious. I'm so tempted to come back for lunch.Disco Chick N was the bomb! Taste and quality were superior, they just need better seating arrangements.I love the crispy chick burger and fries with aioli! Maybe the best burger meal I've ever had and I'm not vegetarian. If they could improve in something that would only be to lower the prices.I work pretty close to here so by now I have tried LITERALLY everything on the lunch menu. And why not?? You can't go wrong. The hipcity chicken (so realistic that I had to ask that it was in fact 'plant' chicken) and philly steak are my favorites. I typically don't get sides because the sandwiches are big and filling and you can't beat eating lunch in the city for like ten bucks! Not to mention they're fast. From the time I leave my office until I return with food is often about 15 minutes.Awesome food! Pricy for what it is but always a good "treat yourself" meal. Service is great, friendly employees and management. I think everyone should try the Hip City Ranch with Buffalo.This is a cute place that is vegan!
Honestly, I stumbled in here without knowing it was vegan at all. I ordered their banana ice cream (essentially just a frozen banana) and a chicken disco burger. 
The frozen banana was how you'd imagine a frozen banana turned ice cream would taste like. The portion was really big though and I didn't find it too pricey. 
Now, because I had no idea the place was vegan, I literally thought my chicken burger was expired. I thought the sauces were a little overbearing, but otherwise the taste was not bad. When I found out it was vegan, I actually thought that it was quite impressive afterwards for it to taste so similar to chicken. 
Overall I felt pretty healthy and would definitely come again.I'm not one to be crazed about vegetarian or vegan options but this place is fantastic and really delivers flavor in every food item they serve. This place rarely has a place to sit so if you were planning on dining in, good luck! The staff is really nice and super efficient at getting your order out quickly and perfect. I've never had a bad meal here and its relatively affordable for the food, health, and flavor they give. When I come back to Philly I will make sure to stop here a pick up a vegetarian wrap!Great salads & really cute area to sit & eat. Very enjoyable! Will definitely go againSo I was a non believer until I had their bbq chick'n sandwhich while down at spruce harbor. That was probably the nest non-chicken chick'n I've ever had. All I could think was "this is amazing! This is amazing!". My girlfriend has been hinting at going vegan but I'm just like why do wanna eat food that tastes like other food but its not? Anyway when they called my name to accept this delectable honor, I admit I was a bit hesitant.  $10 for a  burger I never knew could even exist. But the investment was well worth it. I will definitely breathe about this momentI thought I reviewed this place the first time I had come here for the ziggy burger. The ziggy burger is so good, a bit on the pricey side but you should expect to pay a little more for healthier and better food options. I recommend coming here if your a health nut.This is seriously one of my favorite vegan places in the entire city. It is dangerously good; I highly recommend the cupcakes and the chick'n sandwiches!Everything is vegan, but don't be afraid if you're a meat lover! Everything is flavorful and delicious. I had the bistro bella, which is basically a portobello mushroom burger, and there was a yummy sauce and something that tasted just like bacon (but vegan). Keep in mind that all of our burgers and wraps fell apart immediately so I recommend making sure you have a place to sit down. Seating there is a bit limited, there's 3 bar seats inside the store and a few small tables in the lobby of the building that it's in. The milkshakes are decent, but not mind blowing. Everything is overpriced (2 milkshakes came out to almost $13 after tax, and the burger was over $10 when it was just mushroom) but that's to be expected of "trendy vegan" places these days.Came in the other day for a quick lunch and was surprised at how slow the service was. I'll give them a little bit of time since they are a new restaurant, but with extremely limited seating and very little waiting room, they don't have time to waste.
It's a small space but perfectly located right on Broad St. where thousands of people walk right past every day. Once inside, you don't have a lot of room to stand and should be ready to order quickly. I went with the Chipotle Fajita Wrap which I thought was just OK. I would go back and try some other things on the menu, however if there is a line of more than a few people, I'll pass.I remembered ordering uber eats here last time I was in Philly so I thought it'd be a good spot to grab lunch once my companion and I got into town. We both ordered the ranch crispy sandwich, split an orangsicle shake, and each had a brownie. The sandwich was superb, shake was pretty good, brownie was also pretty good but nothing special. 
The thing I didn't like- as soon as I began ordering, I said, "Is everything vegan? What's vegan?" And the cashier kind of cut me off and seemed really annoyed I asked and said "it's all vegan." It just came across rude and I was the only person in line so it shouldn't have mattered that I asked. I'm also a passionate vegan and double checking is important to me. It was also really hot inside the restaurant, and there was only one spot to sit down we snagged at the last second. Overall I felt kind of rushed and unwelcome. The food was great though, I'll uber eats from here again, but I won't attempt to dine in.I am vegan and it was my first time coming here! Unfortunately, I think my order confused the staff, and they messed it up the first time. I got the Buffalo Bella, but I wanted grilled mushrooms instead of fried... and they accidentally gave me the chick'n which I did not want. I walked back, and they graciously fixed it for me and gave me a kale lemonade as I waited (so tasty). Once I got what I wanted it was AMAZING. Had it in a wheat wrap. I love the menu, and look forward to hitting up this spot again soon!Service - Excellent - Fast, polite and they work very efficiently especially during lunch hour. 
I had the Disco Chick'n burger and the ginger carrot lemonade - The burger was delicious, but the lemonade didn't taste like carrot or ginger for that matter. 
It's not a very filling lunch option for $14. But I would definitely want to try the other fave's on the menu. I would say try it to try it, but I don't recommend it as a regular lunch option in Center City if you are looking for something filling.If you're looking for an awesome burger that you feel-good about eating, go here. I had gotten their wizard BBQ chick'n sandwich. And man the flavors were crazy good. That avocado and bbq was question pairings at first, but they paired so well. I loved it! It was so delicious!Yoooooooo,
Can I just say this place is the shit !!! 
Like Omg... customer for life!!
They reminded me why I'm vegan!!!The staff is super friendly. The decor is super cute.  The food is pretty decent. 
I tried the am philly with no mayo. Liked it fine. Wish they had gluten free bagels. 
I tried the southwest breakfast wrap which was good. 
I also got the hip city breakfast sandwich. I wasn't crazy about the bread roll it came on. But the rest of it was ok. I would have liked it better without the mayo and with a hot sauce I think. 
Overall it was great to have a close vegan breakfast place with options. I wasn't through the moon about any of the options howeverI ordered a cheesesteak to go as I was rushing off for a meeting. There weren't that many people there, but the service took a bit longer than I expected. The cheesesteak was pretty good, but not as exceptional as other cheesesteaks and sandwiches I had in Philly. That said, I really appreciate having this option smack in the middle of downtown. I would definitely come back to try them again.Insanely good! The Crispy Hipcity Ranch Chich'n is so so good! It absolutely exceeded my expectations. Must try for vegans and omnivores alike! Better than chicken!first time at HCV today! i always forget about the HCV on broad b/c it looks so tiny next to all the big store fronts like capital grill and wells fargo! 
i've heard HCV was somewhat legendary in the vegan food frontier in philly, but i had no idea what item they're really known for.  (i'm a little behind with the times) so i just ordered what sounded appealing to me.. i went for the disco chick'n sandwich that came with garlic aioli.  i honestly didn't know what "chick'n" entailed.. but i figured i'd give it a try.  i was 90% sure i wasn't getting actual meat LOL and i was right! lol so deceiving just by the whiff of the sandwich lol.
it definitely did not disappoint! the sandwich was very juicy! and the sauces were amazing and went so well together! i have no idea what they put on it but it was magic!  great surprise at lunch today! i would definitely return to try other things! don't let the meatless meat fool u, the sandwich is quite filling!I love everything about Hip City in general, but the extended menu is AMAZING. Breakfast for vegans/vegetarians can be so complicated, and it's amazing that you can grab breakfast so quickly and easily. Staff was super friendly per usual, and my food came out within 10 minutes. Breakfast for your buck is also an incredible deal so don't be a fool and go for it.Love this new location in the heart of CC - definitely going to come here more often now that I won't have to walk all the way to Rittenhouse! It's smaller than the one on 18th in that it has just 1 row of seats by the window, but has more room for people to stand and wait for their orders. Truly catered toward takeout. Just as efficient as the other location - when it gets busy, can be a little slow, but they churn out the food pretty quickly. Always worth the wait for great quality.
My boyfriend and I ordered our 2 favorites - the Fajita Wrap and the Crispy Hip City Ranch. They were both BETTER than they usually are at the old location, as if that was even possible!! At this location, they put avocado in the Fajita Wrap, which adds a creamy, fresh element to the wrap. For the Crispy Hip City Ranch, the chick'n patty is thicker and larger, making the sandwich more substantive.
In addition, this location is offering a NEW breakfast menu - really stoked to check it out when I get the chance!Great food. No godlike food. This vegan will convey even the staunchest of meat eaters- believe me, I've done the legwork. 
Props to the cashier, who expedited my order, cause she understood I needed a vegan meal before my bus left back to NYC!It's great having this tiny HipCityVeg location on Broad Street. Though it's small in size and can get busy, it's never overbearingly so. Hip City is always delicious, I'm such a fan of the Ziggy Burger and the sweet potato fries. I've always gotten in and out at lunchtime from this here in pretty good time.I'm a Pescatarian and I must say that I haven't had a salad that just was amazing in a while that didn't have fish in it. 
I'm an egg and cheese girl, so when I ordered the jerk salad, I didn't anticipate it being so yummy! The dressing was good and not overpowering. The lettuce was fresh and the plantain was crispy and flavorful. Now to the chick'n, it reminded me so much of regular chicken. Overall a great salad and a must try.
 The Kale lemonade was a plus for me. I didn't know if it would be sweet or bitter or both. It's both which is a win/win for me.
(I got delivery through Caviar)I wish I could give this place a 3 1/2. I recently tried this place out due to a friend's recommendation and good online reviews. The food is good, so if you're thinking it's not based on my 3 stars, don't be alarmed. It was good. I was a bit confused though because I wasn't sure if everything was supposed to be vegetarian/vegan or not. I saw a Philly Streakwith all mushrooms, on a review and it looked great, so I went to the place and ordered it but it  said steak, not "steak" so pleasantly surprised I ordered it. Call me naive but I'm not really sure if it was steak or not... First off, although extremely flavorful not very packed, so if you want something super hearty and the most bang for your buck, this isn't the place. There was way more mushrooms than said steak. However, very tasty. I wish there was more steak or more anything to fill out the roll. 
The place is tiny, like you walk through the door and you are in the entire restaurant. It doesn't give you much time to ponder the menu when the employees are just staring at you waiting- okay they may not have been staring, but as the type of person who takes awhile to look at a menu I hate feeling put on the spot. We then see that aside from the four counter stools they have a sign pointing to a door that says extra seating, we see tables and are excited. Well ... when we get our food those tables are in the lobby of an upscale apartment building. So we sit eating our food as person after person walks through the lobby. Meanwhile the staff from the restaurant is going in and out of the door that we walked through, making us feel as if were in the back room of the place rather than additional seating. This may just be this location, I'm not sure, but because there is no space,none, there is no bathroom. That is my biggest gripe. I got excited too because the hotel lobby had a hand sanitizer station, all I wanted was a place to wash my hands- and they're out.
So all in all, flavorful food but if you're stopping at this location maybe get takeout, order online or look at the menu ahead of time. Decent food but poor location. I'll have to try out another location , after previewing the menu better in advanced.Not producing the same quality product as your other locations. They forgot to make my Udon Noodle Salad and quickly threw it together. There was no dressing or flavor, the "chicken" scarce and the bowl was not filled completely. Not right for the prices charged. Love Hip City overall but disappointed with the new location so far.I had the crispy citychic and it was amazing and the ziggy was to die for. Being a vegan can be Challenging NOT, this place is unbelievable just  try jet.I've been meaning to come here because friends have told me the food is great, and I finally came. Upon entering, the staff greeted me cheerfully. It was around 12:30pm and there was 6 people waiting for their orders. I ordered the crispy hip city ranch sandwich without pickles, and sweet potato fries with the cilantro black bean dip. Everything was SO delicious and filling! The "chicken" in the sandwich wasn't as crispy as I'd hoped, but it was still good. The peppercorn ranch was very tasty, and definitely made the sandwich! The sweet potato fries aren't crispy, but are thin, wide and soft. The serving size of the sweet potato fries is pretty generous, and the dip was delicious! I spent $15.61 for the sandwich and fries, but it was well worth it! Definitely coming back.I love it! Amazing salads, shakes, chili, and fries! The staff is so nice, and don't mind if you have special requests due to being gluten free.
Feedback is I wish they had more gluten free options so I could go there more often!I love everything about Hip City in general, but the extended menu is AMAZING. Breakfast for vegans/vegetarians can be so complicated, and it's amazing that you can grab breakfast so quickly and easily. Staff was super friendly per usual, and my food came out within 10 minutes. Breakfast for your buck is an incredible deal so don't be a fool and go for it.
I will recommend that if you are watching your weight and want something on the light side to order something without the Aoli or Aoli on the side.It can sometimes be a little too much, and unnecessary calorie intake. 
My favorites include the Disco Chick'n (Add Buffalo, hold Aoli), Groothie for a mid-day snack, ALL OF THE CUPCAKES, the Southwest Breakfast wrap, and the "sausage" egg and cheese. 
They also offer seating in the back so it's a great group casual lunch spot! Just be careful on your timing, Hip City is one of the busiest places in the City, but it will be well worth it!Great food. No godlike food. This vegan spot will convert even the staunchest of meat eaters- believe me, I've done the legwork. 
Props to the cashier, who expedited my order, cause she understood I needed a vegan meal before my bus left back to NYC!Lovely vegetarian cafe with decent seating which is rare in Philly. Their cheesesteak is juicy, mushroomy and oniony if you know what I am saying. Tofu wrap was also yummy! They serve La Colombe coffee in AM which I guess is a bonus. People that work here are also sweet and service comes with a smile. Seriously neat little place. Will be back!I love this place. I'm not vegan but I come here with my bff who is vegan (she has a hard time finding food that she can eat when we go out ) but hip city veg has a good variety from cheesesteaks to burgers and shakes. SOO good !took a morning trip into the city just to try the breakfast. ordered the HipCity Breakfast Sandwich with a sausage patty and a hash brown. Loved the sandwich! The tofu egg patty is so great. Ordered the mayo on the side as i wasn't sure if i'd be in a mayo mood that early. Would have been good with cheese on it.I love HIP CITY VEG but I have to start commenting more when the food is messed up or the order is wrong This is the worst location out of them all. We love the breakfast options but the cooks are horrible, rude and always gets the order wrong. Best location is in DC like I posted before. This morning, I Paid for my sandwich to be one way but the cook didn't deliver. I didn't find out until I was far away. They receive 3 stars because the manager refunded my money with just a phone call. However we drove from Cheltenham for breakfast to get what I love, not something else!This place is overhyped and very overpriced. The salad was not good and the sweet potato fries were an extremely small serving for the price.I'm limiting my meat-eating and considering vegan/vegetarian options. Decided to try HipCityVeg's PhillySteak, sweet potato fries, and a brownie. Went with my brother.
PhillySteak - good sandwich. We both liked it. He thought it tasted like cheese steak. I thought it had good flavor, but it didn't seem steak-y to me. The texture was different. Philly cheese steaks have a sinewy chew even chopped fine. This "meat" had a mushroom-like texture. That did not affect the flavor - I enjoyed eating the sandwich - including the mushrooms and raw tomato, things I usually remove. 
Sweet potato fries with sriracha aioli - mixed reviews. My brother would have preferred a sweet sauce to match the sweetness of the potatoes. He wanted to like the fries, but the sweet-savory kick did not appeal. Me, I loved them. I usually do not like sweet potato chips or fries, but the taste of these won me over. I liked the sriracha aioli, too. The fries were hot and pliable without being too greasy. Must get them again.
Brownie - goooood. We both liked this. It didn't have the same mouth-feel as traditional brownies. I missed the heavy density, the thickness of traditional brownies. These were a cross between regular brownies and chocolate clouds. Rich chocolate flavor in a soft chew. I might try to make these. 
Service was pleasant. Young staff. 
I will come back and try some of their other items.What's not to love about a vegan fast food place. Super friendly staff amazing food. I got the chicken sand which for my meat eating boyfriend and he thought it was incredible. I got the taco salad which was delicious! Will deff be returning. Maybe they will open one in south Philly soon!?So I was a non believer until I had their bbq chick'n sandwhich while down at spruce harbor. That was probably the best non-chicken chick'n I've ever had. All I could think was "this is amazing! This is amazing!". My girlfriend has been hinting at going vegan but I'm just like why do u wanna eat food that tastes like other food but its not? Anyway when they called my name to accept this delectable honor, I admit I was a bit hesitant.  $10 for a  burger I never knew could even exist. But the investment was well worth it. I will definitely dream about this moment.I'm over the moon right now. 
This new location is perfectly placed near City Hall, and breakfast there is a grand slam. Excellent service, too.
 I had the HipCity Breakfast Sandwich on a bagel, with tofu for egg, tempeh, and organic soy mayo. I am a small person and had to take half of this home. But it was delicious and oh so filling. My friend got a scrambled egg- type sandwich on a long roll. TRY THE MERRY MINT MILKSHAKE if you love a perfect blend of mint and chocolate. Of course, it's dairy free.
I want to come back to try the maple and banana sandwich, as well as the eight or so other items on the breakfast menu. 
They also serve their standard lunch/dinner menu all day. 
Only thing is, price is a tad high for me to come on a daily basis. It's worth the monkey, though. 
In short: vegan, friendly, clean, environmentally sustainable, and satisfying. Love!Hip City Veg is amazing! I started going for the salad as a replacement for sweetgreen, but when I stopped eating meat at the start of the year, they became my saving grace! Everything that I've had on the menu is delicious. I sometimes go just for the creamsicle shake. The new spicy asian steak wrap is my momentary favorite. Even though it's very small inside I don't mind going because the food is fixed quickly and all the staff is super nice. Hipcityveg has quickly become my favorite lunch treat!A hip spot serving fast food inspired meals for vegetarians. I love, love, love their sweet potato fries! Either I am just cheap, or HipCIty Veg is a little pricey. My fries were almost $6! Although pricey, well worth it. Everything is made fresh to order! Although I have not used it yet, there is an option to order in advance online.  Besides the price my only other complaint is the lack of seating.I ordered both the med salad and a chick'n sandwich and both were really good! The salad was a good size and the chick'n sandwich wasn't too big. The staff was very friendly and was able to answer any questions we may have had as non- vegan eaters. The place was clean but there isn't much room to dine in so you will most likely have to take to go. That's typical though, being in the city.Pretty good! I usually run downstairs from my apartment to grab a quick dinner during the week after the gym if I don't feel like cooking. They're fast and delicious! I usually get the udon noodle salad, but I've had a few other options like their veggie burger and chick'n sandwich (forget which ones exactly) and everything is tasty. Their sweet potato fries are yummy too, especially the sauce it comes with. I would highly recommend anyone to give this place a try. I'm not even a vegetarian and I love it! It's nice to have a non-meat meal once in a while.I would have gave 5 stars Bc that disco chicken and add avocado is amazing. But the young blo cashier is so damn RUDE. GIRL QUIT IF U DONT LIKE UR JOB. she got mad Bc I ordered and the nice guy cashier was giving me my change and I asked to add avocado. She got mad saying next time it will be $1. I said take the dollar now. She said no (with all her attitude) he already closed the register. I wanted a brownie but didn't want to give them any more money Bc if her rude ass go to the one near Macy's the staff are much friendlierMy favorite sandwich/salad place by far. Everything is delicious and plant based. Service is fast and always great. I rotate between food options as I love everthing but I always get a side of sweet potato fries because they rule. Their condiments are also ridiculously good and vegan!!!!! Yay!Stopped by HipCityVeg for a quick snack, if a vegan philly sandwich qualifies as a snack... :)
That sandwich was INCREDIBLE! I use to love philly sandwiches when I still ate meat so I was intrigued about how the vegan version would be... Honestly, no need to eat meet AT ALL! My only comment would be regarding the ketchup. To me, the sandwich didn't need it. Anyway, still an excellent sandwich that I could have every day...!I guess that the food is good there but I had hair I my food so that destroyed my appetite. We had to wait for a while to get our coffee so we had nothing to drink to our bagels. I might give them another try.Great food and nice people but these folks could stand to tighten up their operation a bit. Often slow and a little too dramatic. LolMy boyfriend and I visited HipCityVeg over the weekend and were both pleasantly surprised by the quality of both the food and service. As a person with a nut allergy, it isn't necessarily easy to find a vegan restaurant that caters to my dietary need. The manager went above and beyond by looking in the recipe book to ensure that the Philly Steak did not contain any nut products. It certainly rivaled the best of the best cheesesteaks I've had before. You will not be disappointed if you pay this restaurant a visit!I never went to the one in Rittenhouse (or anywhere else), but when this opened, it always smelled amazing when I walked by, so I had to try it!
Having never been to Hip City, I thought the Bistro Bella would be a safe start. I got a side of sweet potatoes fries with sriracha aioli. 
Even though I got it to go (and takeout is usually never good), it was amazing! Usually, I don't like artichokes, but damn. They were on it, and I had no problem with it. The bella was delicious, and all the vegetables were fresh (believe it or not, I've found dead lettuce in my salads at other restaurants). The fries were SO GOOD. Though, I've found that sweet potato fries pair better with some sort of maple syrup type dip. The sriracha was a weird flavor combination, sweet and "hot."
The staff was very friendly, and the cook even held up my sandwich to show me how good it looked after it was finished (I found this funny, and it made me smile).
My only problem is it's so tiny inside, there's nowhere to stand to wait for your food without being in the way.
Look, I'm a hardcore carnivore, but this place is so good!Best breakfast sammy ever!! I got it on an everything bagel and added avocado and the sausage, I could eat this everyday. The hashbrown tasted just like McDonald's :-) amaaaaazingVery delicious. Had a chocolate shake and grilled "chicken" sandwich. Kinda awesome to be able to get comforting, delicious, fast-food that is vegan. It has been a long time since I have had the non-vegan version of either, but to me, the chocolate shake tasted very realistic to a malty sort of shake. Very good. Didn't seem particularly healthy, of course, but that isn't really what you go to fast-food for. I am sure I will be back.I'm completely disappointed in myself that I have walked by countless times and always say "I need to try it" and it took me until yesterday to follow through! Well I can say that I have been missing out! I ordered for lunch on a Tuesday around noon and they said it would be ready in 5 minutes. I went there in about 10 and the food was ready and service was great. They even had parfaits, cookies and brownies that were available to purchase. 
My only issue here was that I could not pick what sandwich I wanted for my first visit here. I was not sure if I wanted a buffalo bella with chicken or a ziggy burger. I went with the ziggy burger for my first time and oh my goodness it was NOT a regret. It is a veggie burger with tempeh and the most delicious and creamy sauce to ever go on a burger and lettuce, tomato and onion. It was unreal. They were not shy with the sauce and my mom got their nuggets with sweet potato fries and I was dipping the fries into the sauce that dropped on my plate. We opted for the spicy aioli instead of the black bean dip for the fries and that was a great choice! Their nuggets were also unreal. My mom is not a vegetarian and she typically doesn't choose to eat meat-free items but she said that these were so great and she would be back to order them again. 
Everything was amazing and I can't enjoy it any more that they made such tasty items that are all plant based. I feel more comfortable about what I ate and they offer salads and juices/lemonades. If you have not been here yet then you must give it a try asap and not miss out like I did for so long!Fiancee and I went for dinner. "Plant Manager" was very friendly. Fiancee is gluten free and ordered the Bistro Bella, however, we didn't realize that ordering it gluten free meant it became a salad. It didn't do well as a salad since it was composed mostly of mushroom, tomato, and arugula. Dressing was minimal as if the order was still a sandwich, and ingredients were added as whole pieces instead of manageable bite sizes. I'm not gluten free or vegan. I ordered the Philly Steak. Not bad for a vegan cheesesteak, but either the filling needed more flavor or the bread needed to be thinned out. However, both of us got milkshakes, strawberry and chocolate, and they were delicious! Seems like a good place for vegetarians or vegans - not so much if you're also gluten free. Pricing also seems a little high.I found the food and service to be consistent with their other locations, which is excellent - only this one offers breakfast items too. Very smart for the location which gets a lot of daily grinders. Yes, right at Broad & Sansom!
This is the smallest HCV, with only three seats, but if you snag one, it makes for good people watching out the window. To me it feels like a small takeout place in NYC, which is pretty cool.
I just hope they repair the door; every time someone comes or goes there's a sharp "whack" sound that's startling. For this reason I carefully guided the door closed when I left.
Overall this is exactly what this neighborhood was missing, and if I worked in the vicinity I'd be here daily. Totally recommended.We were in town for the weekend and ate here multiple times! Food was absolutely delicious - try the smokehouse burger. The staff was very friendly and able to answer any questions we had about the menu! Limited seating in the place, but plenty of seating directly next door without having to walk outsideI stopped in early for a breakfast sandwich, I had the lox with everything it was delicious and fresh. There was capers, chive cream cheese, red onions, smoked carrots and cucumbers . Delish, I can't wait to try another type of breakfast sandwich very soon!! The cashier was also a delight , very welcoming!!I love this place. I live a few blocks away, but it is my go to place. The lines get annoying at lunchtime, but the menu is great. It's takeout for vegetarians.I will preface this with I have always loved this place, however, because of my experience last night and this morning I am truly frustrated. I ordered my usual salad to go and upon arrival home  , I found a long black hair mixed in my salad. I immediately called and explained the situation. After being on hold for 10 minutes I was offered  a refund. The person at the desk asked for my name, order, email and cell number and I was told to pick up my receipt slip verifying the refund any time the next day. This morning on my way to work I stopped to "pick up" the slip. After trying to quietly and calmly explain while I was there, the man taking orders asked for my name and order Quickly. There was no record of my refund, no receipt printed etc. I waited while he texted the manager for 15 minutes before I asked if he had heard anything. He did not bother to write any of my info again or give me an update. This was truly a terrible experience and they have not handled this well. I would appreciate a resolution. Whitney CongressThis place is tops.
I ordered a ziggy burger, sweet potato fries, and kale lemonade (ok, and i also ordered the choc milkshake) and it was all delicious. The burger was a lot tastier and more substantial than the hashbrown-consistency burgers i have gotten at other places that serve vegetarian burgers. This burger was juicy too. The sweet potato fries were amazing. The kale lemonade had a good, familiar taste--a very pleasant drink. The milkshake was right on.
Oh and the staff were super friendly.They are super friendly. The "plant manager" ran food that was forgotten out to our car for us. Great service and good food....it's not steak and lobster. But not too shabby for veganI got the Smokehouse Burger, he got the Chopped Med Salad - half romaine lettuce, half spinach. Both were sooooo good!! Everyone at the S Broad Street location was so nice. I'll be back if and when I come back to Philly!Their food is good, no doubt. But they often run out of food. I just waited on a long line only to be told they only had half of the menu in stock. I understand running out of food, but don't waste my time if you were unable to accurately predict the amount of food you would need.We walked in at 11 am on the dot and were told breakfast is over. They should really extend the breakfast hours!  This is really a two star review but I'll throw in an extra star because it's a vegan option in the city.  We tried the burger and it was awful - it tasted like a Boca burger.  If you're going to serve vegan burgers and you're using pre made frozen stuff we can get in the supermarket at least price it accordingly.  Super disappointing experience.  The iced tea pre sweetened with agave tasted awful. The cool thing is seating next door but wish they had a bathroom.Gets a bit crowded during noon lunch rush. Seating is in a hotel lobby, so people are constantly walking in and out. But there's ample seating. Have to ask for key for hotel restroom. So, all of that is a bit of a pain. But maybe familiar to Philly residents. 
But, it is worth it for the food!  The Philly cheesesteak didn't look like much at first. But, I devoured it. And it was plenty by itself. But, once I tried one of my husband's sweet potato fries, I ate half of those. So dang delicious!  You will get full. And it's all a bit greasy. So, remember vegan and vegetarian food isn't automatically healthy or low fat.my daughter is vegan so I took her here last week after work. I got the smokehouse burger and OMG it was the best burger I ever had!!! Shameless to say I have went back two more times for it!! I can only image what everything else taste like but if you have never tried the burger I highly suggest you try it!!I only tried two things here - tofu wrap was WAY TOO SALTY and the side Asian salad has a weird after taste.  May try breakfast but stay away from these two items!The cashier was very friendly nice and the service overall was great. Ordered the philly steak but wasn't a fan of the ketchup. I think I would have liked another item on the menu but I was excited to eat a "philly steak".I stopped by here for a quick bite.  I was lured by the Beyond Meat burger with Gouda.  For a plant-based alternative it was not bad!  It was on the pricey side of $10 for the burger alone.  Seating is limited - 3 stools at the front.This is the first Hip City Veg location I've been to that has breakfast. It was exciting. I got a Maple Peanut Butter Banana sandwich, hashbrowns and a vanilla milkshake - which is somewhat of a dream breakfast for me. This is not a place to go for a healthy breakfast though I'm pretty sure they have salads or bowls but I completely ignored those menu items.
The sandwich had way too much peanut butter so it was hard to eat. Hashbrowns are those standard flat patties and they are awesome. Fried and oily and potato-y. Clearly I am not vegan for my health. The milkshake was awesome as always - thick but easy to drink with the straw. In total this meal probably had 20,000 calories so take a long walk after or maybe run a marathon if you're into that sort of thing.
Like all Hip City locations this place is small with no seating inside however there is an unlocked door in the back that leads to the office lobby next door with seating and tables. The staff can point you in the right direction.This was delicious!! The ranch on the crispy chicken sandwich blew me away!! This was BETTER than chic fil a. The chick n tasted like real chicken and the order came up quick.Amazing vegan Philly steak and Sweet potato fries!
The service was great!  A little pricey, but it was worth it!There are 2 locations, close to everything!  Thanks!Love this place, but they always put too much dressing on the salad be warned otherwise great stuff.