Clean. Great service. The best hot n sour soup I've ever had. Delicious duck   All food very fresh bHo sai gai was a great restaurant to go to if you need to get somewhere else fast.  I was in and out in about 40 minutes!
The second we got there, the waitress sat us at a table immediately.  I decided what I wanted very early (the pepper steak obviously!).  The waitress came about 5 times to check on me-which is why I only rated 4 stars- but the food came quickly.
Once I got the food,  I started to eat.  The peppers were good, but the steak had a strange chewy/rubbery consistency, but it tasted good!
Afterwards, I payed the very reasonable bill and had a fortune cookie (my fortune was "the rubber bands are going in the right direction") and went home.
A great restaurant!So sorry to say that this is my last time here. The hot and sour soup was sugary and not at all hot. I got orange chicken.. Looked like it was heated up.. No vegetables at all and fried rice seemed old. The egg roll had been around the block too. I didn't touch that. Very very nice people but I don't think they'll be around much longer if they don't improve.Excellent food and service. We went for a pre anniversary dinner and it was fabulous. They are very accommodating with spice and will happily answer any questions. We were out of towners, but saw regulars come in and out. Very good food.Classic Chinese food in the heart of Philly's Chinatown.  I love this style of Chinese food.  It's classic, "American" Chinese food.  You can't go wrong with the martini glass of fried noodles!  Great classics like spare ribs, egg rolls, garlic chicken, General Tso's chicken, etc.One of a handful of places that stay open late at night. It was Chinese New Year's eve and the streets were packed with people watching the lions and the firecrackers. We were lucky to be seated immediately. Despite it being an extremely busy night, surprisingly the food came out reasonably quickly. Only one of our dishes came out very late. Since we eat family style, it didn't really matter, but we were full by the time the last dish came out. My two favorite dishes were the spicy beef noodle soup and the braised short ribs. All the other dishes were average at best. 
Considering how busy it was, the waiter and waitress maintained a good attitude.My s/o and I always go to Chinatown and wanted to go somewhere different. We came in and there wasn't anyone at the front, had to wait a minute or two but a friendly older waiter came to greet us and show us to our seats. We realized he was the only server and person managing the floor. He was very humble and accommodating, a great example of someone who has plenty experience in serving. 
We ordered the Crab Rangoons, Honey Walnut Shrimp, and Crispy Orange Chicken. This is definitely more catered to western tastes (as were our choices anyway), but this didn't deter from the quality. Crab Rangoons were crispy and didn't skimp out on filling, very delicious. Crispy Orange Chicken wasn't overpowering and definitely had a subtle citrus flavor. The Honey Walnut Shrimp was huge! It only came with five but they weren't lying when they said "Jumbo" Shrimp. Definitely more than enough for one person, with the perfectly heavy sauce. The crunch--it made me pause for a second from how amazingly crisp it was. Even my s/o noticed just from hearing it and he did the same once I gave him a bite. Jesus these were good. 
Overall, even though it was actually pretty pricier than expected seeing how it's Chinatown ($55+ for those two entrees and one appetizer, including tip) it's definitely very good quality in the food and the service! Would recommend.We had totally awesome mango beef here a while ago, but only just got around to dining in and trying a few other dishes. 
Cathy was our best friend as soon as we sat down. She was convinced that she'd seen my boyfriend (not me) there before, which could have turned hairy, but I just assume that my domestic partner is smart enough to not take his girlfriend and his mistress to the same restaurant. Cathy asked him if we were married, which was also all kinds of priceless awkward. I don't know what she was saying while she adoringly pinched my boyfriend's goatee, but holy wow, she pinched my boyfriend's goatee! Even I don't get to do that.
We weren't planning to drink, but the underpriced cocktails were only a dollar more than the overpriced sodas, which is as good a reason as any in my book. The boyfriend had a Manhattan and I had my first ever Pink Squirrel. They were both on the small side, but worth the money. The complimentary tea was too smoky for my liking.
Somehow we managed to order most of what we wanted. We started with scallion pancakes, which were a bit tough but not too shabby. The mango chicken was delicious, although I remembered the mango beef more fondly. One item that was totally new to us was the strawberry chicken which, if you can believe it, smelled and tasted like a strawberry-flavored hookah. This proved to be too disconcerting for the boyfriend, and I'm not sure I'd order it again myself, but it was interesting to eat something I'd only ever inhaled. Cathy objected to our ordering mu shu pork on the grounds that it wouldn't go with the rest of our meal, so we went with her suggestion of pork and bok choy in garlic sauce and were duly impressed.
I really look forward to coming here for a second sampling of mango beef, but I'll probably leave the rest of the planning up to Cathy.Nice noodle, accept cards
The smell of food can get into your clothes, since they dun have really good ventilation for the kitchen I thinkSunday's are Chinese Food day back at home for me. So being in Philly I had to follow traditions. What better way than to have Chinese Food in China Town. The owners were very nice and attentive. The food was good as well. The only thing that would of made this a 5 star for me would have been more food. The plates did come with a good size portion but my vegetables could of been more. Overall though I think it's a good place to eat! I would return!one of my late night spots. After coming up to Chinatown for for all these years, we just like to go with the flow. I found this place because it was one for the few that is opened super late without a crowd of riff raff like Davids. 
Pro: the food variety is great. you can get Chinese, Malaysian and from what i can see Taiwanese. 
Con: it could be a little cleaner. this is one of those places where they just wanna go home, or just serve you it's not as clean as say Bon Chon Or Shiao Lan Kun
Extra Tip: get the fried puffs. they are dumplings but just not as oily. Avocado or the curry chicken i would make the drive up for. definitely.came here with a bunch of friends for someone's bday. two of my friends used to frequent this spot when they lived in chinatown and raved about it. the food was ok, the staff was friendly and very accommodating to our large party. the prices are reasonable. i'd def go back.My favorite place in Chinatown. Very good Chinese food, and average Chinese restaurant prices. 
Service was very good. 
Better than average decor.
Standard service. 
This probably won't end up being the best meal you have ever had. Would I drive here solely for the food? No. But if you are in Chinatown, and hungry, this is certainly a solid choice.As far as Chinese good in Chinatown goes, there's nowhere better. I have places I prefer down the street for pho or dim sum, but nowhere competes as far as fried rice, hot and sour soup, chicken and scallions, etc.
The aforementioned hot and sour soup is the best I've ever had (I think) and all the other dishes I've tried have been great.
The service is fantastic, friendly and quick. The prices are fair and the place is surprisingly clean, like other reviewers have said. They're open late and more than happy to work with any food allergies or requests.
Just the best around!My absolute favorite Chinese restaurant anywhere! it's always a must stop when I'm back in Philly. It's open late, owners are accommodating and they have a great homemade mustard sauce you have to ask for. The wonton soup is delicious and homemade, unlike any other wonton soup you have tasted. My go to dish is the pineapple coconut chicken! Yum!If & whenever I am in the mood for some shrimp fried rice this is my cozy little go to spot. I love those little dry noodles that they put on the table and dip in the duck sauce. This time I mixed some hot mustard in and it was guuuud (I ate a good 3/4 of the bowl). This time I switched it up though & ordered garlic veggies with shrimp and brown rice. It was pretty good. The veggies were fresh and they gave me a decent amount of shrimp. I wish they would've cooked the shrimp a little longer (I hope I remember to tell them the next time). It's never crowded in here, the host/waitresses are very nice and the older lady is even a little personable. My fri me had some pork dish that he enjoyed. It looked good but I don't eat pork so I didn't taste it. He also ordered a lemonade, it was too sweet for both of us. As long as they never change they will always be my go to Chinese spot for when I'm in the mood.As far as Chinese food in Philly's Chinatown goes, there's really no place better than Ho Sai Gai. 
Over the last 3 years, I can honestly say I have been to Ho Sai Gai for lunch/dinner over 40 times. I guess that can show how I feel about this place. 
The menu is extensive, which would scare some people. However, the reality is that this restaurant is ready to deliver. And it's capable of creating dishes to meet what your taste buds desire. Now, I'm no Chinese food expert, but luckily Chin and Kathy came to rescue!
After my first dozen visits of ordering quite possibly the best Orange Beef in town, Chin and Kathy, the most adorable waiters offered to create their own menu for me. First: Vegetable Tempuras..... need I say more? Second: Eggplant with Tofu. Now, I'm not totally sure of all the ingredients in this dish, but its entirely vegetarian and its almost soup-like. The spices were right on target. I also recommend the Spicy Beef with Green Beans. And a bunch of other dishes- but that's not the only thing!
The amount of hospitality you will receive from the moment you walk through these doors is incredible. The staff truly cares for you and your visit, and will make it a memorable experience. The waiters want you to feel comfortable in what you order, making sure you're happy with your meal, without being overbearing. They even remember you, seat you in your "usual spot" and ask you questions about you!! Kathy and I have gotten so close over the last few visits- these guys make you feel like you're in their own home!
I honestly have way too much to say about this place, and I miss it so much. I cannot wait to head back to Philly to see my favorite folks!Best food ever!
This is not american Chinese, unless you order it that way (shame on you)
So clean you could skip the 5 second rule.
Staff is incredible! Like everyone says, it's like eating at you aunt Cathy's house!
Treat yourself! Do not miss out!This is my favorite Chinese food in Philly.  Open late and everyone who works here is very friendly.  My wife and I go here often and they are always accommodating to our finicky needs.Service is awesome.  Food was delicious and recommend the sizzling rice soup for two.  My go to spot in Chinatown.We have been to plenty of places nearby, but we wanted to try a place we've never been to. The reviews looked great, but both my fiancée and I got sick from the food.
I wonder if it was just us or if it's the place itself, either way, we will not be returning here.Is your favorite ingredient sodium (overdose)? 
Do you want your blood pressure to skyrocket? 
Do you like to be treated like crap by the waitress for giving an honest opinion when asked? 
If yes, please go here. Otherwise, PLEASE PLEASE WALK AWAY. 
I ordered a simple vegetable stir-fry. My friends ordered sweet and sour soup, and a meat dish. One friend does not eat pork for religious reasons. 
Food Quality (or lack thereof): 
Essentially, salt + more salt + a bit more salt + and just a dash of vegetables
****I have a horrible stomach ache from the bland OVERLY SALTY food. 
****My friends couldn't even come around to actually ingesting their food. 
****We all still paid about 14 each for our meal (that was a health hazard honestly). 
Customer Service (at its worst):
Avoid "Young". She basically intimidates you into ordering something and when you don't like what you got, well, deal with it. I was too hungry to actually tell her my food was unbearably bland and salty. My friends on the other hand sent their food back. She brought back their food 10 minutes later (same food) and said "I added more rice to help you with the saltiness" VERBATIM. My friend who doesn't eat pork found pork pieces in her food. Young did not apologize or offer refund or replacement. Also, I was the vegetarian, yet my bill was the highest. Why? Because apparently, I told Young that I wanted a side of white rice. When? Perhaps when I was hypnotized by Young's evil soul and was not aware. I paid $14 for a meal that dehydrated me for days and gave me horrible stomach cramps and very sour taste in my mouth (literally). 
I am not one to write strongly opinionated posts about businesses, but this customer service and food quality calls for it. They do nothing to help alleviate the pain they cause their customers. Instead, they will make you feel ridiculous for demanding the quality that you paid for.I will not be coming back ever again. The waitress and waiters were very nice and quick with taking our orders and refilling our waters. The issue is the quality of the food. The crispy noodles that were complimentary were stale and the duck sauce that we used to dip them in was also bad. I ordered the mango chicken dinner combination with wonton soup, fried rice, and an egg roll. My first bite of the chicken was cold, salty, and crunchy cause of the uncooked salt. The fried rice was plain and flavorless. I asked for a new order and they just cooked the same plate of chicken again, same salty dish. Very disappointing for a restaurant with such high ratings.As someone who has lived in Taiwan for several years, I'm excited to find a genuine Taiwanese restaurant in Philly. Back in Taiwan, I lived right above a restaurant that specialized in beef noodle soup... and I was excited to try the beef noodle soup at Ho Sai Gai, which is just like what I remember :). And the most popular dish back in Taiwan, Lu ruo mian (braised pork in soy sauce) is also quite authentic. We ordered the #30 on their lunch special which came with a vegetable egg roll, fried rice and your choice of soup. The hot and sour soup we got had a lot of starch but everything was great otherwise. We like the fried noodles they have at every table and the complimentary hot tea is really nice on a cold day.Wonton soup surprisingly delicious! The pork they use is so flavorful, and the wonton wrapper/dough skin is to die for. I personally don't like meats (chicken, pork, beef, shrimp) mixing, but I get that it makes the broth taste so much better and stronger!
Unfortunately the fried dumplings plate was very mediocre. Can't tell if I got lucky with the wonton soup or unlucky with the fried dumplings, but either way a point gets deducted.
Service was attentive and friendly! We mentioned that we were in a rush, and they took great care to get our food and checks to us on time.Get anything with wontons that they offer.  Absolutely delicious! The fried noodles are served in an oversized margarita glass and will last the duration of your meal.  Service was fast, dinner was cheap.First time eating there. The orange chicken was excellent. My family of four also enjoyed their meals. We all had the combinations. Very friendly staff and very clean. Our new favorite place.I loved this place!  It was easy to find a table, and the service was EXTREMELY friendly and helpful.  The food was exceptional for a Chinese restaurant, and also reasonably priced.  Will be back again when in Philly.The food and service are beyond expectation! We spent our first night here at Philli. The waiter is such a nice person, and the Taiwanese food is authentic!!! In addition, I promise you that you will get overfilled after you ate. The amount of every dish is large!Ho Sai Gai represents one of the better options for super late night eats (they're open until 4am) around Center City. David's may claim more popularity but I've found HSG's service, cleanliness, and overall environment to be much more enjoyable than their competition right across the street.
The food at HSG is solid. Although the prices are somewhat steep ($10-$15 a dish depending on what protein you're getting), the food is tasty and is properly cooked. The menu is somewhat large and runs between moderately authentic (e.g. squid in XO sauce) to American staples (sesame chicken). Despite this, dishes are all prepared with care, even the most Americanized ones. Seasoning is, for the most part, proper and the food isn't greasy at all.
The service is extremely friendly and personable, as the waiters will strike up conversations with you, make suggestions, and ensure everything is to your liking. HSG also runs efficiently, we were in and out of the restaurant within 30 minutes without feeling rushed. The interior is clean. If it's late and I need a tasty, fresh meal in Center City I'll readily return to Ho Sai Gai.Super nice place!!! Not only because of the food, but also the hosts. I went there alone and was thinking about ordering an eggplant pot, which would actually be too much for me. So the male host just made a dish that mixed rice and eggplant especially for me. And the dish was super good with (over) satisfying amount as well as fair price. It was very warm to have dinner here.An old restaurant that I had not been too in a long time & I would never go back. Planned on ordering lobster in ginger & scallion sauce, a usually delicious,  easy dish. The waitress recommended the sea bass. I followed her recommendation. Both fish & sauce were terrible & it was not ginger & scallion.I had to roll back and forth over the one star and the two.  There are just so many better places to eat in Chinatown that there is no reason to settle for Ho Sai Gai.  
Yes, they get points for the cleanest bathroom in Chinatown.  That actually means a lot, especially if you've ever recoiled in horror at the conditions in the restroom in Joy Tsin Lau, but that doesn't translate into edible food.  Well, you couldn't tell Elvis he was dangerously overweight and addicted to drugs and was gonna die real soon, and you can't tell the pleasant folks who run this restaurant that they could up the customer base 200% just by bringing the menu into the 21st century.
Hot and sour soup doesn't have to be utterly gelatinous.  That's what people USED to eat.  Fried dumplings shouldn't be overcooked and stiff.  They should taste fresh and light and... modern?  Not something you sorta liked in the early 80s when you'd had too much to drink and didn't care or, more properly, didn't know better.  Most people know what a good fried dumpling tastes like now, and a crappy version is a mood killer.
The fried rice that accompanied the combo dinner we order (yes, we ordered the combo dinner, fer chrissakes!) was nearly hard and as they cooled a bit on the plate became tough.  Our entrees were uninspired and as good as you might expect from a deep South Philly strip mall take out.
All that said, I really do hope they radically improve. I WANT to say nice things, but if they only need to just get by in that location, they can and will continue as they've been doing.  I vote with my wallet, and we'll look elsewhere.WOW Amazing.  When I stepped inside I was alittle shocked at how clean it was.  The food was top notch and the service was amazing.  This is my new fav. chinatown place by a mile.Just had late night dinner here and loved it. Staff was incredibly friendly, and the waitresses suggestion, the chicken and shrimp noodle, was delicious. And I also got a Mai Tai for under $5! Highly recommend as a late night spot.My boyfriend and I were walking in the area looking for a good spot to eat. As we were checking out the spot, a man came out and told us how good the food was, so we decided to go in. The waiter so nice and accommodating to my gluten sensitivity, and the food was delicious.  We are definitely going back.This is my favourite restaurant in Chinatown, hands down.  
They pay attention to the details in their dishes, which really makes for an amazing dining experience.  I've gotten vegetarian fried rice from here where, following the recommendation of our server, they added this really flavorful fried seaweed into the rice and it just took the dish to a totally new level of awesome.  ALSO this place definitely wins insofar as tasty dumplings are concerned.  I don't know what is inside those veggie dumplings but they are ridiculous.  If you're looking to get wild, I recommend the avocado puffs.
Plus the servers are hilarious.  The older guy, Chin, is my homie.
BOTTOM LINE:  Ho Sai Gai kick's David's ass.  Plus it's open just as late and it has alcohol.I love Ho Sai Gai.  I travel to Philly once or twice a year on business trips and I always make an effort to eat here at least once if not twice.  Everytime I walk in the door, the owners (I believe) always welcome me with "Long time, no see!."  They actually remember me!  Not only is the service friendly and fast, but the food is really good!  There are many, many Chinese food choices in Philadelphia's Chinatown, but Ho Sai Gai will always be first choice for me!Really nice!!! I went there this past sunday late night. The place was clean and well managed. I oredered the beef and broccoli dinner combination which came with pork fried rice your choice of soup and an egg roll, plus the shrimp egg fu young (yeah I was hungry). The wonton soup was amazing, than the main dish came out. The food was amazing my dishes were great. Plus they have a full bar with good prices. I decided to get a glass of merlot. I would definetly reccomend this place and I will be returning too. The late night is definitely a plus!! Try it!!ate here twice within the last week or so and the food was just very bland.  service is still great but i think i'll have to find other late night accommodations for my chinese food cravings.Great restaurant, great service, good food. Fresh ingredients and made to perfection. The staff was very friendly and were attentive and courteous, which most places in this area good service is not an option. The prices were relatively cheap. The restaurant is very clean and the bathrooms are very nicely kept. Again, most Chinese places don't pay attention to those details. Hopefully you get the funny gentleman... He cracked us up!!My boyfriend and I have gone in to buy take out six packs, but decided to eat there for dinner tonight. Not only was the food AH-mazing but the service was fantastic. Cathy made a point of introducing herself to us and learning our names, particularly after we mentioned that we lived in the neighborhood. We can't wait to go back again.
HIGHLY recommend. Great food, reasonable prices, nice booze selection.Used to be a good place, but now the food quality has gone down. Service was pathetic, the waitress's shift was about to end so she kept rushing us. Not at all value for the money. This would be my last visit.Tonight we found ourselves in Chinatown and after checking a dozen restaurants in a block radius, we landed on Ho Sai Gai.
It was pretty empty when we got there around 7, but filled up quickly soon after we were seated. It's definitely a minimal, no frills type place, but it kind of works. 
Feeling adventurous, we ordered the Honey Coconut Pineapple Chicken as well as our traditional meal of steamed Chicken in Broccoli in case the honey proved too sweet. In this case our gamble paid off, the honey coconut chicken was tasty as well as moist and most of the other platter was left untouched. Our chicken egg drop soup was delicious as well, although it may not look it; take it from me, appearances are deceiving in this case. It was delicious!
I also ordered a pina colada to compliment my meal, an option that is rare in most chinatown restaurants; the best part was that it only cost $4.50 and was huge!
The staff was not only attentive, but were mingling with the guests at all the tables. Cathy in particular was a pleasure to talk to. She even pointed out some nearby spots to hit up on the way out!My boyfriend and I were visiting from out of town for a weekend getaway, and after having gone to a basketball game, we were looking for something a little more substantial than arena food, and also wanted to be able to grab a drink or two. We were staying at the Sheraton Philadelphia Downtown hotel, and after looking on Yelp for late night food suggestions, this appeared to be the best place for an actual meal, and I was impressed by the fact that it said this place had a full bar as far as drinks were concerned. It was about a 10-15 minute walk from our hotel, and I was extremely impressed with both the service and food we received at such a late hour (we sat down a little after midnight). This place is listed as being open until 4am, which is totally crazy to me, but also totally awesome if you're on vacation and want a late night dinner.
My boyfriend had a mai tai and I ordered a strawberry daiquiri, and both drinks were well made and weren't either too weak or too strong, they were perfectly mixed. For dinner I had an order of the steamed dumplings, as well as the shrimp chow fun, and my boyfriend had the orange chicken and the white rice. He inhaled the chicken, so I know he enjoyed it, and the bite I tried was well cooked and very tasty. My dumplings were terrific, as the dough was neither too thin nor too thick, and the filling was very tasty, with not just the usual pork mixture you find at most places, but they added mushrooms and other vegetables, which I found to be a nice touch. The chow fun was delicious, with the shrimp being perfectly cooked, everything well seasoned, and the noodles were well sauced. Chow fun is one of my favorite noodle dishes, but so many places under sauce the noodles and they end up all stuck together and gummy, but this place really hit it out of the park with the perfect amount of moisture on the noodles. 
Service was terrific, as the people working were very friendly, and checked on us multiple times in order to make sure our meal was okay, as well as making sure to frequently refill our waters. The gentleman who waited on us was very nice and made conversation with us about our trip. Over all very impressed with this place, and I would definitely return for a late night bite if I were ever in Philly again.The food here is amazing. They have good vegetarian options too. The avocado puffs and scallion pancakes are delicious. The staff here is very friendly and polite. One of Philly's best places to grab a late night meal.Thought maybe we choose the wrong place because when we walked in the place was empty at 7pm on a Saturday. We were pleasantly surprised. We got great service even after 5 more table walked in. The food was incredible. Fresh and delicious. There are a lot of choices in Chinatown but this one I like. Don't worry if your the only one there. It's worth it.I was at Ho Sai gai on Friday. It's so far the best Chinese food I've had in Chinatown in a long time. They have a ton of vegetarian options and everything is fresh. This might be the cleanest Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. The staff is so nice and super helpful if you have any questions. I'm definitely coming back here soon.Not the best Chinese food, but cheap and convenient.  Service is good.  I had to give them 3-stars because they worked really hard to make sure our experience at their restaurant was a good one.I love their mapo tofu! So flavorful! 
And the bathroom is clean so that's a plus in my book!We went here for late night take-out at around 3am. Despite being 3am, they were fairly busy. Ho Sai Gai is also a much better alternative for late night take out to David's because unlike David's, the people working here are so much more friendly *and* faster. We only had the general tso's dinner combo and lemon ginger chicken wings. The general tso's was good (came with plain fried rice, soup and egg/veggie roll) and the lemon ginger chicken wings I had were BOMB. Wish I could get the recipe from them...the friendliest service, even at 12am on a weekday! the red cook hot beef noodle soup was absolutely delicious. would highly recommend this place for a late night meal (or any meal)A late night revisit to Ho Sai Gai was long overdue, and this place is as awesome as ever. Immediately upon being seated, enjoy some of HSG's restorative, hot tea while perusing the extensive menu for some notion of what you like. But don't get too committed to your initial choices. Rather, let Chin, HSG's hilarious and affable head waiter, select something he thinks you're going to dig. He's never steered anyone I've dined with wrong with his recommendations. Recent picks by him that I've found tasty have included kai-lan with ginger and oyster sauce, shredded Sichuan beef, beef with hot peppers, and Hunan chicken wings.
HSG's well-executed Chinese fare is a buck or two pricier than at other similar joints. That being said, the quality of those dishes, the speed at which they arrive to the table, and, most notably, the service should make this your primary destination for super late night (it closes at 4am) eats in Philly. Avoid the boorish crowds that flock to David's after imbibing (they know not what they do), and head across the street for some nice conversation, hot tea, and awesome food courtesy of the friendly folks at HSG. Five stars may seem a stretch for an ostensibly run-of-the-mill Chinese joint, but the hours and service separate it from the pack.Ho Sai Gai is a no thrills chinese restaurant in the heart of China town. The food is better than your run-of-the-mill chinese restaurant on the corner of North Philly, but is not mind blowing by any means. 
We ordered scallion beef, sweet and sour chicken, chicken egg drop soup, and chicken curry puffs. Everything was fairly standard but well prepared. The curry chicken puffs were a nice appetizer alternative to crab rangoon, egg rolls, and dumplings. They aren't insane but are worth trying. 
The service here is actually great. They are very kind and attentive which is sometimes a rare occurrence in Chinatown. All in all I wasn't upset with my experience here but the food just left something to be desired.Meow. I kept wanting to try these mystical open from 4(pm) to 4(am) Chinese restaurant with a full bar creatures but I don't live my life like that. I'd come on Yelp! and read about people in large groups mobbing to the place after 2am when the bars have closed and I'd be green with envy. But actually I wake up super early to walk my dog and I go to bed when wheel of fortune is on (kidding,when is it on? I have no clue.) 
Anyway I came here in the afternoon just because that's basically the only time I'm awake and fully functioning. The hostess offered me a menu in Chinese because she judged (correctly) that I was Chinese. We ordered turnip cake because I've been craving it since Ocean Harbor continues to deny me the delicacy during dim sum and keeps trying to make me eat taro cake instead (GROSS!) and I had a craving. We also got a vermicelli dish (known as ants going up a tree in Chinese, why? I have no clue, gross), and a pork dish. The biggest disappointment was the pork. The menu read sauce-explosion-white-meat. I assumed pork belly slices stir fried with lots of spicy sauce (note the spicy apostrophe on the menu!) and some ginger and scallions. Instead we got breaded, fried, and sauced pork-unidentifiable-bits served with a ring of blanched broccoli. NO I'M NOT AT PANDA EXPRESS, WHAT IS THIS!
The vermicelli was just normal. It wasn't as spicy as I'd hoped, but generally the spice level corresponds with the type of restaurant. I didn't realize it would be a place that catered pretty exclusively to non-Chinese people. I thought it would be a regular Chinese hole in the wall with a full bar. I was sadly mistaken. I mean, I just want authentic Chinese served with alcohol MINUS karaoke, you know? It seems like every place in Chinatown with alcohol has to have karaoke too, that I really don't get.
Um, turnip cakes were okay. Bigger portion than I expected, but it didn't have right fillings (dried shrimp, sausage bits), and I actually like it when I can kind of taste shreds of turnip in the mix rather than just a dough-y, flour-heavy mix bordering on mashed potatoes consistency.
The male waiter was really adorable and made comments like I'm the boss because I got to order and choose condiments. I can see how that would weird some people out and/or others would find it flattering but it was just awkward for me. I mean I don't mind it any more than minding just having to exist with other people, but it certainly was a little different.
I had a pina colada. Meh.
I don't think I'll come back until I've tried all the other Chinese places with full bars and then only if this was the best of the bunch. In that case I would be disappointed and settling, but I guess not really surprised. The idea of BYOBs still takes getting used to, I think, is the main problem here. I mean I have to procure alcohol, sometimes a cab, sometimes cash, and THEN so I can have some noodles?! Come on!Great place all around, Food came fast and was delicious, and my waiter was one of the best I've ever seen here, we walked in and he immediately recommended the food we ended up ordering and was super friendly.
A great place to go when visiting Philly!I had the broccoli with spicy garlic and also the sauteed squid with veggies. It was delicious. Not too oily which is often the case in Chinese restaurants. A very nice waiter too - he looked very dignified, like a professor.It is one perfect place to get good Chinese food.
No matter where you come from. Shanghai, Hongkong, or Taipei. Their food will definitely satisfy you like any small cute restaurant with nice service and nice food.
It a perfect place to enjoy your afternoon time, a brunch, or a casual super for something new.
However, I hope the owners there are not that chatty LOLI grew up in Hong Kong, so I know what Chinese food is. They use good quality ingredients and the food tastes great and makes me feel home.the food was good. very friendly polite service. not too crowded. (i went on a sunday evening)Wow! My friend Jess took me here yesterday. What a cute little place, so clean--even the bathrooms are spotless, & so friendly--I am just beyond impressed with the customer service.
Eventually, I WILL stop getting so excited every time someone in food service knows what vegan is, shows me what section of the menu to order off of, & tells me before I can even ask that they'll remove any egg or oyster sauce from a dish...but today is not that day! I'm SO impressed!
The meal starts with a huge margarita glass full of crunchy noodles on the table--crunchy noodles were the ONLY thing I'd eat in Chinese restaurants as a kid, so they always taste nostalgic. We were immediately served tea that was nice & hot.
Jess & I shared the steamed veggie dumplings that came with a garlic sauce that was even better when mixed with that hot spicy chili oil. I had the tofu & mushrooms, which was very tasty too.
I will definitely be back here, maybe even for Jewish Christmas, (if I don't go to New Harmony for vegan dim sum instead).Great Mapo Tofu, and the lady who owns it is like the friendliest Chinese grandmother you'll ever meet!Amazing food and service!! Went here for late night and the owner made some awesome recommendations that weren't on the menu. Loved the spicy beef noodle soup and the Vietnamese pork street food dish! We will definitely be back!!Ive been going to Ho Sai Gai since I was a toddler (at their old locations in fishtown & the original spot in chinatown, which are both closed now), and I have never had a bad meal! the staff is awesome & really great at recommending new things for you to try. the squid is beautiful & so delicious! also, the avocado puffs are just amazing. their new location is gorgeous too. absolutely a great bang for your buck! and they open til something like 4 am every night!!I've had great experiences with ordering take-away from this restaurant. The Wontons are homemade, which is a rarity, because most restaurants use mass produced wontons from a factory. The flavor of the filling was very tasty. The Wontons can either be ordered with pork or chicken. The fried or steamed dumplings were also homemade. The service from both the middle aged women and the male waiter we superb. I have yet to dine within, but they dining room looks clean and inviting, unlike other restaurants within Chinatown that are just rundown places. This is a good alternative for Chinese after a night out bar hopping. They're open till 2am on weekdays and Friday and Saturday they're open till 4am.A friend and I stopped in one evening on a recommendation from a mutual friend of ours (who made it a point to mention the strawberry chicken...never seen any Chinese restaurant offer that before!), and we were both pleased.  We walked into an empty restaurant, surprised that it was that quiet for a Saturday evening.  Regardless, the staff welcomed us with open arms and seated us immediately.  I settled on the sweet and sour chicken combo platter (all the combo platters come with an egg roll, your choice of soup, and steamed white rice), my friend got the strawberry chicken combo platter, and I got to try a little, so now I know what I'll be ordering next time I'm there!  On top of that, we found it rather entertaining to listen to the staff members' commentary on the news they were watching on TV; most likely due to having so few people to serve!  Definitely consider Ho Sai Gai for a great lunch or dinner spot on your next trip to Chinatown!This is my go-to restaurant in Chinatown. It's not because the food is particularly tasty, but because the service is awesome. I think all Philly Chinatown restaurants are pretty crappy, so being the best of the lot doesn't mean much. Nevertheless, I always enjoy my visits there. 
As you see from all these reviews, everybody loves Cathy. She is overly-friendly and effortlessly hilarious. If I order something she disapproves of, she will simply reject it and order for me. This has happened on many occasions.
If you're in the area and are craving some Chinese, you should pop in there and say hi to Cathy!My friends and I were going to some Dip Sum place down the block but the line was so crazy long that we decided to just start walking and find somewhere else.  We stumbled past Ho Sai Gai and my friend Nicole suggested we go there for no other reason probably than that it had a good name and no one wanted to walk anymore.  When we arrived the place was empty save one couple and I remember thinking, "This poor business...so much competition in the area.  They are probably barely hanging on."  The waitress was very friendly and had a great sense of humor.  My friend I decided to try the Strawberry Chicken and the Honey Coconut Sweet and Sour Chicken because neither of us had ever heard of either such options and wanted to give it a go.  Our vegan friend got a tofu dish and some vegetable tempura.  We were delighted by the oversized martini glass full of complimentary crispy fried noodles.  We were then even more delighted by the extremely reasonably priced drink menu.  I got a frozen pina colada for $5 with fresh fruit in it.  The food came out very quickly.  Everything was very tasty, although my friend and I agreed that the strawberry chicken was just a little too weird for us.  It's not that it tasted bad it's just that my mind does not know how to process strawberry and chicken together.  The only downside is that this place was a little bit on the pricey side but overall I had a really positive experience here.
AND by the time we left the place was absolutely packed.  So much for it "barely hanging on!"  :)Super fast service and very roomy inside.  Food tasted great.  I had the beef with noodles and my husband had chicken with mixed vegetables. Both had won ton soup.Went there with friends for dinner because all my favorite places has long line
About the food??? Meh
I can cook better than this place
Noodles was sticky each other like too much corn starch on the sauce like glue
Kinda bland
Overall i'm not sure i will be back even though someone is treating 
Sorry
The people there are nice though 
But not my tasteWhat do I say about Ho Sai Gai.
What do I not say about Ho Sai Gai.
Has not changed since I was born. Yes born. My mother used to 
bring me here ALL the time, before the age of healthy eating.
Try the Strawberry Chicken and the birds nest dish..I think it is called Happy Couple. 
Lo mein is pretty good as well as Ta Chien Chicken.
Pardon my spelling if incorrect.
I still rub the Buddha's belly upon entering out of habit.open late at night, last order is at 3:30am for small parties, and the couple that serves you, makes sure to wish you goodbye.. 
the food is good even if you arent drunk, the hot tea feels blissful.
a very good spot to go at later hours of the night. 
definitely a fan of this place.. and others like thisReally delicious! Randomly stopped here for some late night eats and was really surprised at how great everything tasted and good service. My boyfriend and I arrived around midnight and seated ourselves. We were tended to pretty promptly by the lone server and our food arrived fairly quickly given the late time and lack of staff. We ordered the wanton soup, hot and sour soup, and then the honey garlic chicken wings. Both soups were delicious! The wings were even better- very flavorful and savory. I highly recommend this place!Lovely atmosphere, best service in China Town, and friendly wholesome staff. 
The food was excellent, large portions, and fairly priced. 
Can't go wrong here.The food was delicious and I go there everytime I'm around Chinatown. Also the strawberry daquiri was to die for... The portions were big, as well. I had to get it to go.Great for late night food after the troc.A friend recommended this place to me, and I'm glad she did!  The restaurant had cool decor, the staff was very friendly & attentive, and the food came out fast and was delicious, well-portioned, and reasonably priced! I highly recommend it!Owner/manager seemed really nice and cordial.  Made jokes with us and could tell we were in a bit of a rush.  Asked if we needed things quick and indeed they were able to prepare a couple of awesome shrimp fried rice meals without issue.
Generally we get crab rangoons from small Chinese food places and they are of really poor quality.  The crab rangoons here had real crab meat in them and were absolutely amazing, best that I've had.  
The whole experience was over in a flash but didn't feel rushed at all.  The bill was fair and we were happy to be able to get in and out, get a quick good meal and will definitely return.Came here late night while visiting Philly. The food was delicious! The hunan wings were amazing! Killer sauce!! Loved the chicken egg drop soup and the fried rice had a unique nutty flavor. Very friendly hostess.The sesame chicken is just general tsos with way too many sesame seeds poured on top after it was stuffed into a container. It was tasty but most late night Chinese places are, so go somewhere else.