What the hell is up with this place?  Keep calling the number and it says not accepting calls at this nunmber?!I've been meaning to write this review for awhile, I've never written one for Yelp before. But I'm so impressed with the great food and service at Home Slice that it's become absolutely necessary. 
First, the cheese fries, with the extra jalapeno kick...SO INCREDIBLY DELICIOUS. They are pretty much a meal all alone, the portion that you get for $3 is huge. 
Then there's the vegetarian cheesesteak, which I think is better than the other non-meat cheesesteaks in town. The tofu they use is spiced just perfectly. 
Whole wheat crust pizza usually isn't something I even like. But, since I knew I already liked the other menu items at Home Slice, I decided to give it a try. It has a great crispy crust, which held it's own amongst other non-wheat competitors. The sauce ratio was perfect too and the topping choices can't be beat. 
All in all, this is my favorite recent addition to the neighborhood and I am a huge fan.i went to home slice last night, and for opening day they did a fine job for a first day.  the decor is really cute and the prices are great - small pizza and a vegetarian cheesesteak for $16.  portions are huge.  i think they might work on refining their recipes a bit but i'm hesitant to be my usual harshly judging self because it IS their first day, and i like their place across the street, a full plate.  plus this lonely spot on the walk really needs a pizzeria that won't go out of business in three weeks' time!
anyway, i thought the cheese was great - both on the vegesteak and the pizza.  the sauce on the pizza - too sweet for my taste and the dough - too doughy for me.  again these are things i'm sure they need a bit to work out.  i think they also need to accumulate a good bit of grease on the grill to churn out some amazing cheesesteaks.  or possibly a less dense tofu.  
anyway this place has good intentions, so i think you should give them a try.  i believe there is a drag show there thursday aug 21 (tomorrow!)Ordered some food from Home Slice the other night and it was great.  We got a veggie meatball sandwich, a seitan cheese steak with Thai curry sauce and Spanish fries.  The meatballs were more like felafels than meatballs, but the were still good.  And the Spanish fries were awesome.  I would probably go back just for those fries.
Delivery was quick and the food was piping hot which is something most places can't figure out how to do.We got take-out tonight from Home Slice.  The cheesesteak was excellent, the caprese sandwich was nice and fresh, and my kids devoured the mozzarella sticks.  I definately recommed this for all to try.Finally had me some Home Slice and ive got to tip my hat off to you boys.  Well done.  Being a pizza snob (i dont rate pizza unless it falls into the same category as Delorenzo's Trenton, Vince's NE Philly, Denino's Staten Island, you get me...) I didnt expect much from this foo-foo Vegan friendly spot.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The pie was crisp with just enough cheese to make it stretch just enough before tearing away with each bite.  ill be back!I think I could probably eat the Thai Curry (chicken) Cheesesteak for at least three days in a row. In fact, I think I may have.
Interesting pizzas, reasonably priced, close to my house, AND they deliver.
Cool.pizza is gross  had way better its just in a trendy neighborhood so it gets play from vegans .Not your average pizza place. As a vegetarian I was thrilled to see all the veggie friendly options. I tried the soy sausage, broccoli rabe and tomato pizza. It was yummy. And it didn't leave me with that "gross, I just ate 2 slices of pizza feeling." While some dislike the crust, I love it! I found it to be very different tasting in a good way.Sandwiches are awesome and probably the best in the neighborhood. The pizza is just ok but I will give it another chance and let you know the verdict.Once or twice I've had okay ordering and pizza experiences at Home Slice, but far more often I've experienced terrible customer service (phone off the hook, but when you walk there they are open, "lost" orders), and mediocre to poor pizza. I'm only interested in regular-style pizzas and maybe some more upscale items, so the vegan stuff does not help me any. The lack of pork products on the pizza toppings menu is a real pain. Even though Home Slice is the closest pizza place to my home, I've completely given up on them and get pizza from Santucci's or Trios.i really hate to give places that offer numerous and creative vegan options only one star, but this place is just... ugh. let's say they start with three stars (see previous review) and deduct from there.
minus one star for their prices. $8.50 for a six inch sandwich (their 'large') is fucking insane.
minus one star for their vegan cheesesteak. listen, i've eaten a lot of vegan cheesesteaks, and this was by far the worst. mushy bland tofu, still-crunchy chunks of pepper, and a roll that disintegrated almost immediately. i also paid another dollar (bringing my six inch sandwich total to $9.50) for vegan cheese and they neglected to put any on there.
shame it had to be this way, because their pizza is pretty good.from everything i've read about this place i was very excited to finally make the trek over and check it out. unfortunately i was pretty disappointed. 
they were out of vegan cheese. i have no idea if their almond cheese is any good, but the tofu cheesesteak was definitely lacking and the roll split in half as soon as i picked it up.
the lack of vegan cheese also forced us to order a tomato pie instead of the pizza we were planing on. the "tomato pie", surprisingly, was just one of their thin round pizzas without cheese. not exactly tomato pie.
their beverage selection was basically coke, sprite and rootbeer. not even bottled water.To be blunt, I love everything about Home Slice except for the crust of their pizza.  
The owners and employees are some of the best in the neighborhood.  They're still a bit shaky around the new shop, but they're so accommodating and friendly!  Home Slice, just like it's big-sister cafe Full Plate, is the type of place run by locals  whom you enjoy spending your money with.  The pizza is really tasty, they obviously use fresh ingredients and it makes for a wonderful flavor!  I just can't get passed something about the crust though. 
I'm going to have to give some of the other items on their menu a shot and let you know what I think!Let me point out a reason for every star:
1) CREATIVITY! Where can you find a pizza shop that isn't afraid to put green beans and fried onions on a pizza. They really break the mold with having the balls to think outside the box.
2) VEGGIE/VEGAN OPTIONS! I went vegan for a while, and every now and then you get that "comfort food" craving. Homeslice delivered on that with their veggie chick'n pizza steak with vegan cheese and a side of spanish fries. Or their pizza with their homemade vegan cheese made from pureed almonds.
3) ATMOSPHERE! You walk in and your eye-sight goes everywhere before you even get to the counter. The walls are plastered with local newspaper clips and hand-painted tomatoes. Waiting for a fresh pie is never boring.
4) THAT ORANGE VESPA! (need I say more)
5) THE MANAGEMENT! I have worked my share in pizza places over the years - but this place is more than just business. The owners of this establishment put a lot of heart and soul into such a basic idea. Their number one goal is to please the customer, even if the customer is CLEARLY wrong. They push themselves to be creative and original with their menu. I think they're doing a fine job and I feel like other pizza places in the Philadelphia area could learn a thing or two from them.Their chicken cheese steaks are good, and the pizza is fine, but I've never gone into home slice without feeling like I'm inconveniencing the people who work there, and I often find that my orders don't come out quite right (cheese when I asked for no cheese, no ketchup when I specifically asked for it, etc).  I also have found that they're inconsistent--you don't know what to expect when you order a pizza.  Maybe that's just 'cause they're new and still figuring things out; I'm probably going to wait 6 months and try 'em again to see if they get their act together.*submitted by my boyfriend*
Went there recently to try their pizza. there was only one slice of cheese left.  so i got it; it was luke warm and too small for my bucks.  As soon as I sat down with it, they plopped down a steamy new pizza.  wtf?  they couldnt have told me to wait a sec for a fresh pie? maybe i'd have got 2 slices- im no small man-- maximize profit homeslice! my belly has potential for growth! 
another few things on the wish list: bigger slices  - your dudely 'tude has the edge on second street but once again- these are tough times i need to fill up in one stop.
also your entertainment mag decor looks too... something...
thanks for listening!I just ate a chicken cheese steak there called The Storm Special. WOW! 
I was a little hesitant with the $9 price tag for a cheesesteak. 
Ill give them $10 next time. Chicken wasn't dry. Some places have a hard time grilling chicken and keeping moist. Thin black guy on the grill killed it. It was pretty damn good. I wish i had bought 2 and took the other home. Didn't try the pizza. So I can't comment.While we actually wound up dining at PYT - I sure wish we'd have stayed here.  PYT was a frikkin' disaster (read my review).
Anyhow - DH & I walked in (and wound up walking out) today.
The menu of custom pies and steaks sounds terrific - but (the main reason we left) it was hot a heck in there. (No A/C?  Or maybe just the heat of the pizza ovens?)
Also the 3 thin-crust pies that were available for "by the slice" - plain, veggie with onions, and some sort of brown meat - did not appeal.
I would come back here - but only to carry out.
Too hot on a summer day to eat in here.  (Sorry)
The man behind the counter was perfectly nice.
Oh - and I would order a freshly baked pie - not a slice that has been sitting around for god know how long.  (We walked in around 3 - which is smack dab between lunch and dinner.)Decided to pass on Rustica to try the new Home Slice pizzeria on Liberties Walk yesterday evening. One thing they've got going for them is that they really are a little bit more of a restaurant than any other Philly pizzerias I can think of, they've easily got seating for 30 or more and have a pretty cool decor made up of newspaper and magazine clippings glued onto the wall. 
The good: SERVICE, is what gets them the 4th star! The girl at the counter is a little too shy and quiet for a brand new restaurant in my opinion, but she wasn't mean either (if you read this, smile a little more, can't hurt). What really made an impression was that right after we placed our order and paid, they came out and told us that they were having issues with the pizza oven and that they weren't sure how soon they could get our pizza to us. They offered us anything else on the menu, were sincerely apologetic and TOTALLY took care of us. Definitely reason enough for me to give them another shot. The toppings choices are also pretty good. Cheap burgers and veggie burgers, and decent pricing all around. Good sized portions too, you won't leave hungry. 
The iffy: The menu is really basic and boring compared to the decor. A little bit of design and some witty naming can go a long way. The food was "ok". Not bad, but not great either...but keep in mind we didn't get to try the pizza which is really what they're all about.The reason this place gets my repeat business is that they actually have healthy pizza that tastes good. Try the whole wheat crust option with your favorite toppings and you will be pleasantly surprised by the thin yet hearty flavor. I also very highly recommend the VEGAN CHEESE. Please FORGET what you know about vegan cheese. This is not the plasticy and flavorless unmeltable variety... They make it in-house out of almonds. It's super flavorful and rich. The consistency is similar to ricotta (which people often put on gourmet pizza). In my opinion they put too much of it on there, you can get by with a half ration of the "cheeze".  One note of caution, if you are strictly vegan you may want to call ahead to make sure they have the almond cheese in stock. It apparently takes 3 days to make and they often run out.We got:
A white pizza with chicken, tomatoes, spinach and mushrooms
A chicken cheesesteak with extra whiz
An order of Spanish fries and one of cheese fries (also whiz)
The verdict:
The pizza was pretty great. Just garlicky enough, just firm enough on the crust, and so much cheese it was almost challenging to chew. The mushrooms were fresh, and the chicken was passable but not exciting. 
The chicken cheesesteak might have been good, if the "extra whiz" hadn't been such a mistake. Their regular amount of whiz must be impressive, because this sandwich was so drenched in cheez whiz that the bread was soggy, every iota of chicken was drowning, and the whole thing seeped and dripped yellow slime onto the wrapper every few seconds. The chicken seemed like real breast and the bread was nice and chewy, so if I'd been able to taste anything other than whiz, I might have enjoyed it. I don't really blame them for their enthusiastic application, though... I did say "extra."
The fries were crusty and crispy, the Spanish ones lightly spiced and the cheese ones perfectly cheesed. I'd have liked more onions/peppers/spices on the Spanish ones, and I'm still sad that they were out of N'awlins fries, but what I got was tasty as hell.
So this place hovers between an A-OK 3 stars, and a "Yay! I'm a fan" 4 stars. It's good, but not special... however, for having a tasty and thickly cheesy pizza, fresh mushrooms, and fries done just how I like them, I'll go ahead and say I'm a fan.It would be nice they showed the "almond cheese" menu items in their photos. My family ordered 3 items expecting normal, non-dairy almond cheese like you buy at Whole foods and we were TOTALLY disappointed with the weird crumbly stuff that ended up on our food - it's actually ground up almonds - NOT CHEESE ALTERNATIVE. We don't have a lot of money to eat out and this was a big splurge for us. We totally felt like we got ripped off. 
**Not to mention, the stuff that comes on a normal Philly cheese steak (peppers, onions, mushrooms) costs EXTRA.I really like this place!
The crust is really thin and garlicky, they have equally tasty vegan pizza options for my lactose intolerant friends (it's sad but I have many) and the atmosphere is artsy and fun. 
So far I've only tried the pizza and the spanish fries, but both get the 'ole thumbs up.Obvious choice if you're vegan.
The store-made vegan "cheese" is fantastic.  Lots of topping options too, from veggies (duh) to vegan sausage, etc.
Even vegan cheese sauce for fries!
The best part?  Even though you feel like you're eating junk food, they make their vegan sandwiches and pizzas with less of the processed stuff you'd expect (for instance, their vegan "cheesesteaks" use tofu instead of processed fake meat).
I took a star off because of the prices... you know as soon as you glance at the menu that the place is right on Liberties Walk.
Regardless, it's worth it.  If you're vegan and miss South Philly food, save these guys in your cellphone.
Four thumbs up.Great pizza!  There is wheat and regular crust, plus a lot of vegetarian / vegan options.  The pizza ideas are creative and interesting; I had a pizza with some type of curry sauce, peanuts, and broccoli on it.
I would describe it the pizza as in between "regular pizza" and gourmet pizza (i.e. Rustica).  Crust is thin and the pizza isn't greasy.  Pizza sauce (gravy?) is very good and slightly sweet.
The cheese fries are also some of the best in the city.  They're a little bit spicy and crunchy. 
With respect to cost, it's $11 for a small pizza and a few dollars more for a large.  A small pizza is enough for two people, although I suspect if you were "motivated" you could probably eat the whole thing.  The cheese fries were about $3.  Expect to drop about $15 to $20 for two people. 
All in all, a very good spot for pizza that offers solid old favorites and new twists.Every December i have my kids birthday party in is favorite park, Liberty Lands. After running in the park we head down to Home Slice for PIZZA. Kids love this place, the service was great. After Pizza we walk around Liberty Place and checkout the shops. Great location.In a city with an overwhelmingly crappy selection of pizza options, Homeslice sits well at the bottom of the heap.  Consistent only in its poor quality, this has to be some of the worst pizza anywhere.  For the past few years I had occasion to be in the strip of stores where Homeslice is positioned at dinner time, at least once a week.  I've had their pizza 12+ times, and its never been good.  Sometimes its burnt, sometimes its doughy, sometimes its to cheesy, sometimes the sauce is distributed inconsistently.  Never is it good.  On top of it all, the staff is indifferent to its customers, at best.  There aren't very many truly good pizza options in Philadelphia, but Homeslice is most definitely truly bad.HomeSilce in theory is a great place, interesting decor, nice location, -all they are missing is good pizza. The whole wheat pizza there tastes like cardboard and turned me off to trying whatever else they might be cooking up. Its a shame because its a cool little place and the staff seems nice but the pizza just falls way short of what you'd expect from the outside.Maybe I'm don't believe any blue-blooded American should be eating pizza made with whole wheat crust.  Maybe it's just the trauma of growing up as the only meat eater in a family of vegetarians.  Maybe I'm just getting old and grumpy, a cooler of PBR, a shotgun and Hmong teenager away from Clint Eastwood's character in Gran Turino.
Whatever the reason this place doesn't really do it for me.  The pizza is so-so (much better options in the area), and there are only a few pies out at any given time, so you don't have a lot of options if you just want a couple of slices.
The food only gets two stars, but I added one for the cool decor (old newspapers plastered on the walls, upbeat colors) and the friendly service.Im finally writing my review on account of the fact that I'm hungry.  When I'm hungry, I dream of pizza.  My stomach gurgles like a lava lamp when I think of pizza.  
Anyway, to the point.  Some friends and I tried out the pizza here in liberties walk after reading about it on a a super blog: fries with that shake!
The pizza was good.  It was nice thin crust pizza, which is way too few and far to be found in my opinion.  The sauce was good.  There was no grease drips on my plate either.   Simply good, not the best in the world, but ranked way higher than the abundance of crap-pizza out there.
The decor of the place, however,  is way too much like a campus snack bar.  I found myself itching to use such terms as "dude!"  and "prolly" every few minutes.  Crappy cartoon-y sloppy murals and random news paper clippings plaster the walls.  I suppose they wanted to transcend the usual Liberties Walk sterility , but here I think they succeed too much.
I'll try again if I decide to take out.Homeslice used to be the best pizza place in the city. Then apparently sometime within the past few months, new management came in and changed the pizza. The pizza used to be super thin, but not hard crust, with a perfect combination of cheese and sauce. For a meat-eater like me, and my vegetarian husband, it was the best of everything. Then we ordered take-out last weekend. We got home, opened the box, and we both just started at it. Finally my husband asked what we were looking at. The pizza was ORANGE! The crust was now thicker, like anything you find at a random street corner pizza joint. The cheese was gross. It was the saddest thing. "New management" took a wonderful pizza and turned it into the kind of crap you can get anywhere. BRING BACK THE OLD HOMESLICE!We were looking for something different other than Rustica, and we found it. Many options with different types of toppings, veggie and vegan friendly. We ordered delivery of three types of pizza and sides. They delivered to a place that was out of the way and the delivery person was very friendly.  Every one who tried the pizza loved it. If you are looking for something different and probably a little healthier give Home Slice a try. Its my new favorite pizza place.The veggie "steaks" are great, pizza is good, service is so-so. Also don't expect a choice on salad dressing or fast delivery... I think every one that works there may be stoners.I ate here the other day. Paid with a groupon. French fries were perfecto. Lemonade tasted funny. There are also a lot of different pizza combonations (most of which sounded very appetizing). We got the turkey BLT.. It wasn't bad. Its a pretty good corner pizza joint, nothing really special other than the selection. However, it was the 1st time I tried whole wheat dough & it was very tasty.
I would definately buy another groupon for here but I do not think I'd venture out & pay full price if I was looking to score an amazing slice of pizza.Had a Groupon for HomeSlice so a friend and I gave it a try and went to town on a meatball pizza, a buffalo pizza, and a panzarotti. 
I've had plenty of good vegan/vegetarian food but this was just not quite working for me. The vegan meatballs were fantastic, but everything else was a disaster. 
The cheese they use is just plain bad. It does not work at all for me. It just had no flavor whatsoever and does not substitute  real cheese at all. More importantly, they are serving topping-filled pizzas on such a thin crust that when you pick it up, even if done so slowly, the cheese and toppings slide right off the slice and you are left with a soupy mess. 
The panzarotti was just soup inside. Not good at all. 
Next time I would just order a meatball sandwich because the meatballs at least were very good.I have eaten here a while ago and it seemed unremarkable because I wasn't expecting much of a plain vegan pizza.  This time, though, I got the one with bruschetta and some other stuff on it, and even though it it was still vegan, I thought it was delicious!  You can tell the toppings are fresh, especially with tomatoes.  My friend ordered the vegan cheese fries, and those smell pretty funky, so I didn't try them.  We ordered two pizzas and the fries, and the guy said it would be a half hour.  Cool news though, it was only 15 minutes or so.  The people working are friendly.  They accept credit cards, no minimum.  They have their menu on the website, but I could not tell if it was outdated.  Oh, also the actual restaurant is kind of hidden away from the street, so you have to look for it in the little plaza side street thing they have there.Meh, I've experienced better is really all that needs to be said.  The pizza is thoroughly unexciting.  Dull sauce, dull crust.  Just really dull.I really like the menu here. They have alot of options for specialty pizzas. Really creative pizzas, that I would have never thought to order. You also c can have the option of getting whole wheat crust, which is awesome!
The pizzas are good, but not like "amazing." If it wasnt for the unique topping choices, I probably wouldnt pick this to be my pizza place of choice.
They are also very slow here. Dine in, and Delivery has both been a very very long wait. It took well over an hour for them to come last time we got delivery.
I do really enjoy the speciality pizzas though, so I guess i'll suck up the long wait and keep coming here!Man, I really, really wanted to like this place.  Ugh. 
I have not had their pizza so I do plan to give them another shot in that department but I will stay far away from their veggie sandwiches and fried sides.  Blech. The decor  of newspaper wallpaper is adorable and I like the location.  The service was fine, nothing special or terrible.  
My husband and I shared the veggie chicken cheese steak and the mac and cheese broccoli balls.  I inquired about the veggie chicken and it's actually just chopped up boca chicken patties.  Hmm. Yeah I could make that in my kitchen for about $3, yet our sandwich was $10.   I get that your rent is probably expensive HomeSlice and that someone else is making my food but I want something tasty that I can't make better at home damn it!
Now, onto the mac and cheese broccoli balls.  Such a great theory executed in such a disgusting manner.  The cheese is either not really present or just gets lost in the frying and the broccoli bits remind me of  something from a high school cafeteria lunch.   So what you're left with is some fried over cooked pasta.  Eww.  My friends ordered french fries and real chicken cheese steaks and they were left with the same unsatisfied/gut rot feeling my husband and I felt.  My best friend is a vegan and ordered a slice of pizza with whole wheat crust and a homemade cashew cheese.  I think she liked it but didn't love it.  Someday I will try the pizza from here because it's pretty close to my house and because I really want to like and support an establishment with so many veggie options but at the moment I just can't.I had stopped in for two pieces the other day (its a shame because they were the only two to choose from).  Always friendly people behind the counter.  I had a plain slice, which showcased their savory sauce well and a spinach, tomato, feta slice on whole wheat.  A whole wheat crust is a difficult to master because I feel it clashes with the tomato sauce.  Home Slice's answer to my peeve was to make it a white pizza.  I will def go again, most likely to get a pie, since the slices are limited in variety probably due to a slow walkin crowd.Love this place! So glad I found it. Great prices, quick delivery, and a wonderful selection of vegan options. Since finding out about Home Slice, it's been the only place that I order take out from. Amazing!This is my go-to spot for pizza in the city. I love that they have regular pizza as well as speciality pizzas (including vegan). It is impossible to get bored of their menu. The service at this place is fast and friendly, and the food is great and reasonably priced...Chicken steak are aesome! Especially with broc rabe! Def will eat here again.I feel guilty comparing Homeslice to Rustica, but due to their proximity and interesting pizza selections you just can't avoid it. And in the interest of full disclosure, I adore Rustica. I was a bit unsure of what to expect based on other reviews of Homeslice, but I was pleasantly surprised and pleased with our order last night. Everyone was nice and the guy on the phone double checked my order after I placed it, which I always appreciate, being a quiet talker. 
We got a tomato pie with vegan meatballs and broccoli rabe, and a vegan pie with veg sausage and mushrooms. The homemade meatballs and almond cheese were fantastic. So yummy. The veggie meatballs were a bit more like falafel balls which is in no way a negative in my book, but it does affect what toppings I would pair it with in the future. I love love love all the vegan options, and the sauce is really good, it's cool that it's sweetened with carrots too. 
However, I did have beef with the crust, which was more like an effete cracker. I'm a Brooklyn girl and crust is possibly the most important feature of a pizza to me. The crust was too thin, no chewy bite, no satisfying crunch, no doughy hug at the end of the slice. It just didn't give me that big pizza in your face experience. It did feel lighter and healthier than Rustica, and it would be the place I'd turn for a light bite, but it didn't really fill that urge for pizza.  I felt like a dick, but I kept saying throughout the meal, "I just wish these toppings would jump onto a Rustica."The other reviewers, especially the vegan ones, seem to have had much more luck than I have when it comes to this place.  The first time, I ordered a mock chicken barbecue sandwich.  What I got was a real chicken sandwich -- thank goodness I cut the thing in half first.  They were prompt in sending me a new sandwich, not charging me for the new one, and they threw in a drink, which was nice.
The second time, I got a seitan cheesesteak, which was alright, but I had ordered "wings" as well.  The wings were instead slices of meat that had been soaked in some sort of marinade.  They were binned and my opinion of this place went down.
It's not that the food is awful -- it is decent -- but when you offer food for people with dietary restrictions, you better follow through with what you're offering.  That sort of negligence is playing with fire, especially if someone might have a negative bodily reaction to what you're serving.
The only reason these guys have two stars is that I'm a little in love with their vegan cheese fries.  Maybe you non-veggies will have better luck than I did.Their phone is disconnected (same number on their site and Yelp). 
Edit: Apparently they are no longer in business. :(solid vegan pizza effort. i appreciate their homemade almond cheese situation a lot-- not everyone wants processed soy all the time.This was a good pizza but not great.  I appreciate the whole wheat crust option and our Margarete pizza was okay but it just didn't do it for whatever reason the way Rustica does.  The same goes for the salad for whatever reason.
I do have to say that the service, though, was really great.
I'm not ready to give up on them but I rarely go out for pizza so when I do, it has to be good.I have to completely agree with S.C.  I bought a Buy With Me coupon for Home Slice, and used it last week to order a large pie with fresh mozzarella, basil, and tomato.  I was really excited to have another great pizza place in the neighborhood (Rustica is consistently excellent), but I have to say all three of us who ate the pizza were pretty disappointed.  The crust was just so thin, the pizza slices crumbled apart.  The sauce was bland, as was the mozzarella.  If I hadn't been so hungry, I probably wouldn't have even eaten it.  Anyway, I hope they can make some improvements.  I love the concept of interesting combinations on pizza, but if you can't make good crust, good sauce, and use good cheese, it just doesn't work.  I really wanted to love this place.There are things I really like about Home Slice, and then things I really dislike. They are reasonably priced and have large portions. I couldn't believe the amount of french fries they give you for only $2.50! Their cheese steaks are also pretty huge. You could easily split one cheese steak and an order of fries with another person and be very full.
I like the seasonings they use on the chicken cheese steak. Kind of like a spicy cheese sauce or something. It was unexpected but delicious. Their plain cheese steak is also really tasty. I ordered the cheese fries and expected just good ol' cheese fries, but the cheese had a distinct jalapeno flavor. I can't say it was exactly what I wanted (I'm a cheese fries traditionalist) but my fiance was really digging them.
The one thing I really really dislike is that they wrap the cheese steaks in paper. Like the kind of paper you would wrap a hoagie in. Not only does it not keep your steak warm the way aluminum-lined paper does, but it gets all gross and soggy and sticks to the bun and meat. And considering that their cheese steaks are pretty saucy, the situation becomes messy very quickly. A rookie mistake, I think.
But I will still eat their delicious sandwiches!I've had two bad experiences at home slice since it changed ownership.  The first time, I stood at the counter for about 10 minutes ignored.  There was no one else there, etc.  It was maddening.  And this past week the owner seemed annoyed that we were ordering one slice and slammed the tip jar down on the counter right in my wife's face.  The pizza etc. might be decent, but I'm not giving these jerks another dime.After reading some reviews on yelp about Homeslice I was really excited to try them.  Their menu looked great (loved all the vegan options, although I am not vegan I am a huge fan of vegan food) Everyone kept raving about their pizza and how comparable they were to Rustica.  Being a fan of Rustica, I was curious.  I was incredibly disappointed!!! First off, what kind of pizza place doesn't offer salami as a topping?? The green peppers seemed as if they were thrown on after the pizza was out of the oven.  It was so soggy it was impossible to pick up and eat.  Any good pizza should be able to hold its toppings.  I love thin crust, but it should still be strong enough to not collapse or break in half when picked up.  I will probably never order from here again, which is unfortunate because it looked so promising.  Definitely not worth the $19 (plus delivery tip)I had the cheesesteak the other week and it was pretty good.  A large is really like a gigundo and enough for at least two people.  Also had the spanish fries - soooo good!!  Hearty fries with crispy fired onions and jalepenos and spices.  Worth the trip just for the fries!
They've started doing bike deliveries too!  If you're in NoLibs, call for delivery.  Not sure if there are only certain times or what though.So I tried Home slice over the weekend and what a disappointment!!!! So many things I hated about this place. I will start off by telling you I was told my order to go would be 20 minutes........I sat in my car then came back 20 minutes later, I seen my Spanish fries sitting on the warmer already to go, however no pizza ( i ordered 2) so I thought for sure they would be coming out soon. The man who took my order sat outside flirting with his girlfriend and playing with his dog. shy girl behind the counter came out with one pizza then went in the back again.....I am now very confused because she didn't tell me that they can only make one pizza at a time, The guy came back inside........dog came in too......big turn off for me. Animals do not belong in a restaurant...NEVER!!!!! he then called the dog over to the counter...the dog was half way on the counter that my food was on......and licking this guys face. he then got the other pizza and realized the shy girl made the wrong pizza while he was outside playing. Instead of telling me what was going on they argued about it for a few minutes behind the counter. so now 45-50 minutes later I get my order, remember my fires were sitting the entire time. I got home and was disappointed. the fries were OK, nothing special. The crust on the pizza is what destroyed a good pizza.......very thin which i do like, but tasted like cardboard....way too dry.....almost tasted like the carnival pizza crust but thinner. If you want good thin crust pizza go to Tacconellies on somerset street.....best pizza in the cityDude. So I was chattin' the other day and someone said "Oh yeah, there's this place with vegan pizza - but it's not in your hood. Sad." Well. Forget that, because a 30 minute bike ride from South Philly and I was in a land of vegan pizza. Now, I'm a pizza fanatic, and I'm a huge fan of Blackbird, but I've been meaning to scope out the other vegan-friendlies.
Definitely a good thing. It's in that in plazza thing in the Northern Liberties, so it's also close to good coffee shops, etc. etc. The place seems more like the kind you get carry-out at, even though it had pleasant seating. We just waited for a while. 
There were many vegan options, but we could only do one pizza, so we had a red pie with vegan cheese, some veggies, and vegan buffalo chicken. The fake chicken was a little too soy-y for my taste, but the buffalo flavor it gave to the pizza was great. We didn't think we had the vegan cheese at first, and then we saw that it was clumped together, a la classic mozzarella. A little different, but much appreciated and highly flavorful. The crust was thin and and a crunch in a good way, but not everyone likes thin crust pizza - so be warned.
I'll definitely be hitting this place up again.homeslice , while a little more than your local corner pizza shop, is so fantastic.
as a vegetarian, homeslice gives me the ability to relive the days of being able to eat buffalo chicken without sacrificing my life choices. for lunch yesterday i got the vegetarian buffalo chicken steak and it was so delicious. there are also vegan cheese options to add as well (i'm not vegan so i'm more than OK with lots of cheese). basically almost everything they have here has a vegetarian alternative. and its some of the best tasting veg food i've ever had in my life.
the pizza is pretty creative. they have your run of the mill stuff, but also a lot of gourmet sounding combinations. 
you can get delivery with a $10 minimum, they take cards as well which is really nice. delivery is always prompt even on their busiest days (one or two of my friends work here so tip well! they deserve it!). 
as for the actual shop itself, the inside is awesome. old newspaper articles are ripped up and reimagined all over the wall. it's in a good location right on liberties walk too so it's near a lot of other stuff if you want to walk off that delicious pizza after or grab a drink. 
i'm not too impressed with the mac & cheese broccoli balls though. they were alright. only a speck or two of broccoli.Friendly service. The place is Very clean with a hip repurposed-industrial art look. Homestyle offerings of brewed iced tea, lemonades, and some cookies. I've come here for take-out several times before. Today was my first dine-in experience. The rolls, our sandwiches were on, could've been eaten alone. They were fresh and delicious. I had the "chicken" cheesesteak. Very good!