So this is what you need to know. Everything taste great, well at least what I had. I practically tried everything for breakfast and have come to the conclusion that this is the spot for breakfast. I have one gripe though, the monte cisto is not worth the price and is way over priced. I know truffle oil is used but that should not be the reason its so damn expensive. one egg, one piece of toast and some sauce. Don't ever order it, not worth it unless they drop the price $5. everything else is worth it taste great. Jebbs open face and the huevos rancheros are my favs. Enjoy. oh and the coffee is addicting. Also there are no reservations, so get there early or go about 30 min before u think u may be hungry.Love the food. Big portions, interesting and ever changing menue. The only issues i have are that the seating is cramped, too loud for conversation and the coffe is not as good as Sabrina's.
The latkas are always perfect and the bacon is the best I ahve had in Philly.I heard alot about Honey's and how the food is so good here. I chose today my birthday to be my first visit .I read earlier reviews about how crowded it gets and they were not lying but I didn't wait no more than 20 minutes. Now let's get down to the food it was delicious. I had french toast, home fries, sausage and for dessert a slice of Jewish apple cake and it was to die for! I will be back most definitely.Everything great about a jewish deli, southern comfort joint and a bit of mexican dive restaurant all mixed together. Brisket is good, but don't expect a tomato based sauce. Latke is not a normal round one, but super delicious. I also took the Jewish Apple Cake to go and despite being a little too brown on the bottom, it was delicious even 3 hours later on my flight back to LA.Arrive between 7am-9am on a weekday and get their breakfast bargain! Two eggs, home fries or LATKE, toast or biscuit, and bottomless coffee all for FOUR DOLLARS!
The service was amazing and I got a delicious breakfast and experience for less than it costs to take the bus to and from work.One of my all time favorite breakfast spots anywhere! The vegetarian sausage and egg biscuits are so freakin good and like lots else on them menu- nap inducing. Great homemade food and desserts. Diner style with fast service and a long wait that's worth it. Get there as soon as they open for shorter wait. Lunch options are also good.Yo- just order the Grits no matter what time of day you think it is. 
Historically, most of the time I was too hung over to recall how we got there, but thankful that I had arrived. Guaranteed that by the time I left I was a new person.
On a side note, Honey's always seemed to be part of the worlds longest walk of shame.  The only way to improve the place would be to offer a locker room with showering facilities.
One time, near Halloween, I want to see Pinback play at the TLA. I had dressed in a full Hooters uniform and received many accolades from my date, other concert attendees and the general public. The next morning we woke up and drove a scooter to Honeys. I sat there, a bit worse for wear, eating the Grits in that uniform and really could have used a shower.Awesome local brunch if you can wait the 30 - 90 minute wait. I like to walk around the neighborhood while I wait, great garage sales nearby usually. 
French toast is yummy and so are the potato pancakes.I would normally give Honeys 5 stars.
On saturday I went with a group of 7 people. Since Honeys is one of our favorite places to get brunch, we knew that we would have to wait up to an hour for a table. Since they have such good food, it's worth it.
But this is why I'm no longer going to go there, and the reason for the two star rating:
The hostess was horrible. There is only ONE table that can seat up to 8 people. We went in, she told us that the previous party has been sitting there for a while and would be done at any minuet. She also told us that we would be the next people to sit down. We thought, great! since they were putting on their coats and getting ready to leave.
After the staff was finished cleaning up the dishes from the table, the host sat down A PARTY OF THREE PEOPLE. that also, CAME AFTER US!!! I just don't get it. There were plenty of other tables available, so why sit a party of 3 at the only table that can comfortably sit 8? 
I understand going to Honey's with a party of 7 isnt the smartest idea, but when the hostess tells us that we would be next in line for that large table,and then sits 3 people, that is the dumbest thing ever.
Needless to say,I am never going there again. They blew it, they lost our business.
 we left and ate at the foodery on 837 N 2nd St.I LOVE this place!  The service is good, the food is very fresh, mostly organic and/or locally grown and reasonably priced.  I've had the grits, bacon, eggs, biscuits, fruit salad with whipped cream, cornbread........and it is all delicious.  This is one of the best brunch places in the city.
In addition to great food the service is also very good.  They are attentive without being intrusive.  The only con is that the location is small, which makes for long waits on the weekend for brunch.  Here's a tip - If you arrive after 1:30/2pm on Sunday....you will be seated right away.
Enjoy!Nice brunch spot located in Northern Liberties. Saw a segment of Diner's, Drive-Ins and Dives a couple years ago that highlighted HS&E, so this place has been on my radar for a quite a while. If you go on the weekend, expect a wait. I waited about 30 mins, which in the grand scene of things wasn't that bad. The place is small inside, but they do have outdoor seating. The food and service were good. I had the eggs benedict, which is really not a 'go to' for me, but I was feeling adventurous. The eggs benedict was good as was the 4th St. Corn. The service was good. I did have to remind my waiter a second time to bring me a lemonade, but it was pretty busy. I would return and try something else on the menu.Good food and friendly service! I love that they had lots of healthy options. My friend had veggie sausage - she said it was so good she wondered if it was really veggie! Lol. Great service from cute waiters!  It was worth the wait on a crowded Saturday morning.4.5 stars.  I had to deduct half a star for the service.  We got seated in great time but the waiter ignored us for a good 20 minutes then kept forgetting things we asked for.. like water.
Other than that, we got the eggs benedict, basic breakfast plate with eggs, potato, and toast, and a side of pancakes.  Delish.
Oh and the carrot cake with the maple cream cheese icing was also VERY delicious.Very southern, very heavy. It was on TV so I take my touristy friends sometimes but I never really come here.Amazingly good nachos with beef, I would go here just to get them. Pulled pork sandwich was very good too. Tons of good looking items on the menu. I tried to goto brunch on sunday and the wait was 2 hours so go early if you want breakfast or your gonna be waiting sucka.The enfrijoladaa are probably the best things I've ever eaten, period. Highly recommended. The competition next door is about as deep as you can get (la muada cafe) and yet I still keep coming back here.
I'd recommend frequent visits until you've gotten through the entire menu. True gem.NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL! After reading the reviews I'm left wondering did I eat at the same place?!?! The ambiance is nice. Very quaint, rustic, cozy...we ate outside since the weather was nice. Service was mediocre and the food was not great! The potatoes were the only thing I enjoyed. Everything else was mediocre. I probably will not be back!Best breakfast place ever. Their challah french toast was to die for!!! Such a cute place and the servers were all super friendly!Our go to place for cheap cheerful and awesome. Love the staff, brisk and efficient but will crack an occasional smile. Everything's good but try the special turkey club.I really enjoyed my visit at Honeys for brunch today. The environment was very homey and the service was more than helpful. This review is mostly based on the food that I get was more or less - subpar. I ordered the eggs benedict with a side of grits; I had no complaints with the meal but it wasn't life changing either.  My friend got the country fried steak with a side of eggs, home fries, and a biscuit; I also tried her food and concluded that the home fries were very well seasoned and delicious. The biscuit was pretty sweet for my liking, but my friend enjoyed it well. The country fried steak, however, is why I had to down a star - while the batter was delicious, the steak was over-battered. My fried had to really dig into the steak to slice me a piece. The steak itself was a bit tough and took a while for us to chew and swallow. 
We shared a side of mac and cheese and a pork sausage. The mac and cheese was very creamy, cheesy, seasoned properly and close to perfect. I wasn't a big fan of the pork sausage, since it was on the sweeter side. 
OVERALL, this is a brunch place worth trying. I would not write this place off my list, and would definitely come again - but would just order and try something different.This is my favorite Philly brunch spot. No doubt about it.
When I used to have a car, I'd wake up early Saturday and Sunday mornings to get there before the crowds (get there before 9:00 and usually no wait). 
I get either the pancakes (especially when they have pumpkin pancakes) or the brisket/port tacos. All fantastic.
Staff is great and hip (although a different kind of hip than the Silk Cafe hip staff).
If you think one of the other 'cheap' Philly brunch spots is better than this place (e.g., Sabrina's) then you're just friggen crazy.FOOD IS AMAZING! And the service is great! I had breakfast and an item from the daily specials menu and they did not disappoint. They were busy at 11 AM and our food was still out in less than 10 minutes. Will come back here again for sure!!Fun breakfast place, creative menu & excellent service. I highly recommend to all you foodies out there!Heads up, Honey's is Cash Only!
Having heard all the craze for Honey's, I finally managed to make it out for a brunch. The place was packed yet seating us didn't take more than 20 minutes. They had tons of specials, most of which caught my eye, so I honestly didn't take a deep dive into the menu.
I went with lunch and the special bbq chicken quesadilla. It had a ton of veggies, lots of tasty cheese and chicken, and was lightly covered in an avocado sour cream.  While it was sizable, it didn't quite fill me up.  My table also had the key lime french toast, which looked awesome and tasted good as well.  Be warned, it was a bit tart.  We all enjoyed every bite and will be back for another brunch sooner rather than later!Good spot, but definitely over hyped. If you go, be prepared to wait at least a 1/2 hour for a table. The food is pretty good, but personally not SO good I would wait 1/2 an hour or more on a regular basis for. In my opinion, the best spot for breakfast in Philly is Morning Glory Cafe. Way better. Bigger portions, better menu, better food, etc.
Anyway, I had the Breakfast Po Boy at Honey's, which was ok. It was just scrambled eggs, sausage on a roll then drenched with gravy. I thought it was going to be more of a sandwich, but whatever.
Also, make sure you get the OJ. Freshly squeezed. Like drinking an orange.Every time lm in Philly, this is a must have. Just right around the corner from my condo. Great service. Great food. So glad your right around the corner from me.The name gives a clear picture of the type of food you'll have: yummy, rich, tender, and after you eat it, you'll feel very drowsy. I think I have taken or have tried to take a nap every single time after I got home from this place.
There is a lot to choose from on the menu (almost too much).  
The wait to get seated can be horrible on weekends, but once you're in, the place works like clockwork. The staff is friendly, isn't impatient, and gets you everything you want fast.Hipster-tastic, but great service, ironically....
Food was great. Service was friendly. They are extremely liberal with the coffee top-offs, so be careful because you might become a bit overly caffeinated.
I had an omelette with turkey sausage, cheddar and jalapenos. Everything seems very fresh and they get a lot of things locally or make them in house. Always a plus.
Recommended if you're in the area.Honestly, I don't think I need to review this place because its reputation proceeds itself in all the reviews BUT my meal was so deliciously delicious that I feel that I need to spread some love all around just like their honey butter spread its love all over my biscuits at this happy establishment!
Now I am a fiesty breakfast person. I have a flare for the dramatic so not just any breafast will do when I am treating myself. Hey, a girl has her standards! Thank the Challah bread  french toast that this place has a selection that can quell even the most delicate of breakfast food connoisseurs. 
On this occasion I chose the huevos rancheros. The crispy tortillas smothered in homemade chilli, topped with perfectly succulent friend eggs, a zesty salsa, and  creamy ripe avocado just danced its way right into my tummy where I am pretty sure it salsa danced in a satisfied celebration the whole rest of the day! It was pure breakfast magic. 
I did get to sample a few other dishes that my fellow dining partners were partaking in as well and I have to say that not one of us left there without a smile on our faces, our plates wiped clean, and a little pep to our steps!
The challah bread french toast was soft and flavorful and all the things french toasty and the eggs bendict was all comfort and a lot of class! 
Come early as it gets PRETTY crowded and expect to wait a while but also expect to have a top notch amazingly amazing food! Beware, you might want to go back several times!Beats my expectation! Everything was delicious and fresh! Only cash places typically irritate me but I didn't mind at all! Coffee is delicious! We will be backthis place is worth the wait on weekends. the biggest problem with this place is trying to figure out what yummy food to try this timeGreat brunch spot in Northern Liberties. 
Place is always packed - so get there early or be prepared to wait.
Huevos Rancheros - had a nice twist to the Mexican classic. Very addicting.
Honey Cristo Sandwich - ham and cheese sandwich with French Toast bread and an egg on top. Lots of flavor - sweet and salty.
OJ was fresh squeezed and delicious.
Cash only.Friends rave(d) about Honey's. We had some time to kill before a flight back to CA, so we stopped here with some friends who live in the area. It was Labor Day, and I was surprised they were even open. We did have to wait 40 minutes for a table, and this was at 11:30. We found parking on the street, which was surprisingly easier to find than expected. 
Honey's had indoor and outdoor seating, we chose the inside seating because it was HOT and no shade. We got the biggest table in the joint and were seated with menus and beverages. It has a homey style to it.
There is a plethora of brunch options. I heard the pancakes are huge, and some items such as the breakfast bomb just seemed like too much food. I chose the open faced biscuit sandwich with veggie sausage and gravy. I also got the home fries, but could have had grits, hash browns or latke. 
My friends got omelettes (designed) and the bomb. I couldn't finish my food as it was too much, and I got the smaller menu item. 
Service was great-we never ran out of coffee, tea or fresh squeezed OJ. I would say try it once before making it a go-to destination.Came here for Sunday brunch with three of my girlfriends. The wait was about 40 minutes, but so worth it. I had never had chocolate chip pancakes before then and they were soooo good. The atmosphere is pretty laid back and felt like I was having breakfast at home with friends. Great food, great coffee. Would definitely return!If you go on the weekends, you might experience up to an hour and a half wait. Hopefully it's not in the rain... like mine was. There's little shelter outside and no waiting room inside besides a small bench to the side.
That being said, it was worth the soaking wet socks and shirt. Hell, Honey's would have been worth getting a cold from exposure to the elements.
In the past, I only went to Honey's for their dessert. Their warm Jewish apple cake served with a side of vanilla ice cream and caramel drizzle is to die far. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. 
After seeing their menu for brunch and the list of specials for the week I decided to visit one Saturday with my boyfriend. When we finally were seated at the counter, I was disappointed to discover there was no homemade grapefruit juice but the orange juice was an excellent substitution.
I ordered the chicken and waffles while my boyfriend ordered his staple breakfast burrito. Upon first glance I was super confused. No syrup, a roasted chicken leg over cornbread waffles with a combination of avocado and tomato salsa on top? I had a feeling I was in for disappointment. Apprehensively, I took the first bite of chicken and waffle.
Holy crap. All I could wonder was how the hell they did this!
The chicken was the juiciest most succulent meat I've ever tasted. The dark meat was roasted to perfection and literally was falling off the bone. The cornbread waffle was flaky and full of flavor reminiscent of my Southern Grammy's cornbread muffins. The avocado tomato paste was surprisingly a perfect complement to the spice rub on the chicken leg and paired with the waffle perfectly. Syrup would have been an abomination to that meal.
I begrudgingly shared my dish with my boyfriend who quickly lamented not ordering the same meal. I'm the queen of taking home leftovers but not on that day. I would have licked the damn plate if I wasn't in public.
I left Honey's full and extremely excited to go back and try the next dish on the menu.Just a head's up.  Arrive hungry.  You won't leave that way.  Their portions are huge, especially the pancakes, which my wife orders.  One is usually enough, just be sure to ask for a half stack).  We normally go for breakfast, although I have been for lunch.  Honey's has one of the best grits I've had out of all of the diners in Philly.  It tastes like it's cooked in cream instead of water.  The breakfast specials are definitely a hit as well as their basic breakfast items.  Homemade fresh orange juice is also a plus.  I usually go with the Honey's Cristo or Huevos Rancheros if I'm not feeling too adventerous for the specials.  Any egg items, grits, toast (the olive toast is nice and different from the norm) and a juice and you're on your way to a great start.  Also, make sure to get there early.  They don't take reservations and you can definitely expect to wait if you show up after 10am.  
Went there one time for lunch and they had a fried pickle appetizer special that we tried.  It wasn't very good.  The breading was a bit too thick and the sauce wasn't very exciting.  But, definitely try the Reuben or Bubby's Brisket Sandwich.  Both are excellent choices.
For me, breakfast is the way to go.I didn't care too much for one of the waiters. He didn't like saying "you're welcome" when people said "thank you". BUT I did love my pancakes and ham! I got the Honey Platter. (I think that's what it was called) I got strawberry pancakes, scrambled eggs, ham, and hot-fries. I did not like my hot-fries or scrambled eggs, but I did love the other two. It was a big step up from another place I went to in Queens so I was satisfied!The setting allows you to ponder how this place came about.
Very trendy place.
8/10 food quality for breakfast. 7.5/10 food quality for dinner.
Groups of 6 or more should not attend on weekends during busy hours of operations.Had the Fried Rice with shrimp, the Mac and Cheese and the Hush Puppies, along with a glass of their ever so addicting Lemonade. I could've sat at one of the outdoor tables last night and been content drinking nothing but lemonade.
The Fried Rice came with a huge chunk of avocado, which I can never get enough of. And the shrimp inside the rice was beyond amazing. Spices galore on that dish, hard to tell which ones were in play, but very well prepared.
The guy who brought our food out was a little odd, said he didn't know what food was which, that was an experience.
The Hush Puppies were just okay, after reading something about them I expected more.
The Mac and Cheese was beyond decadent. And should be the first thing you order when going there. 
There was a ketchup that a friend of mine had on his plate that had some odd spicy kick, it was out of this world. We tried to find out what was in it but we forgot. 
Honey's is a can't miss restaurant, if you have a big party, be prepared for a bit of wait....sometimes.The cuisine at Honey's is a mix of Southern and Jewish favorites. I was overwhelmed with all the delicious sides offered at Honey's. You can get grits or an onion potato latke(fried crispy to perfection). They have fresh mixes on traditional breakfast food like omelets with asparagus. The pancakes can be ordered with several different kinds of fruit inside the pancake. I was also thrilled to be able order buttered challah bread with my meal. 
The restaurant was decorated in a rustic, colonial theme, but it wasn't over the top or too stuffy. Honey's has a very young feeling. Situated in Northern Liberties, Honey's is delicious, hip, and not far from the neighborhood strip.been twice, one breakfast one dinner.  the food sucks.  i blame it on the menu being too big.  if you try to do EVERYthing, you wind up doing none of it well.  my dinner dining companion actually sent her food back (something i never, ever do, unless the kitchen snuck meat onto it) claiming her pork chops tasted "old."  having never eaten pork chops i can't tell you what this means.
i'm perfectly happy that the rest of y'all like it, though - keeps the wait for an outdoor seat at n3rd (best brunch in the city!) manageable.  thanks!The wait is sometimes outrageously long (an hour or longer) and there has been more than one occasion where the hostess forgot to call our group when the table was ready. 
But after the disappointment of waiting so long and dealing with a terrible hostess, I always leave happy as the food is so good.
Get the orange juice everytimeWow I've been here twice and I've never written a review?WHAT?
I'll comment on my last visit since I can't recall my initial visit.
I can't recall what I got when I came here because I came with a group and we just passed everything around. 
The food is delicious and hits the spot after an overnight shift. YUM Food!
The only thing is that I wanted hot chocolate and I was told they didn't have any because it was "seasonal". How the hell is hot chocolate seasonal? on what planet?
But to make up for it, they serve a GREAT fresh squeezed grapefruit juice. I expected it to be tangy but it wasn't. Very refreshing.I was very dissatisfied with this place. I've been wanting to eat here for a long time but every time I tried, there was a line out the door. I thought to myself, "wow it must be awesome!" So I decided to grin and bear the wait to finally experience what I thought was gonna be awesome. The breakfast was extremely expensive for mediocre taste. I had a simple breakfast of 2 eggs, home fries, turkey sausage and 3 pancakes and I asked for a side of toast (the honey's platter) What I received was the smallest pancakes I've ever seen, 2 eggs, one small sausage, a bite of potatoes and my side of toast was one slice not even toasted. This platter cost me $13 THIRTEEN DOLLARS!?!? The taste was sub par I couldn't finish the sausage bc it was gross, the potatoes were greasy, the eggs were cooked well and so were the pancakes but 13 dollars for a standard breakfast is insane. My one slice of untoasted bread was another $2.50!!!! Don't get me wrong I'm all for spending a decent amount of money on a good meal but this was hardly that. My dining partner got the Christo which is essentially a ham and cheese sandwich and a small amount of greens on the side, which she enjoyed but was $14. All in all the check came to $42 after drinks and tip. I would never return to this place, I left feeling dissatisfied and let down and created a yelp account just to write this review. The only thing good about this place was the company and the service was on point (but I guess it should be when you're charging that much for breakfast items)  If you want a good meal that's worth your $ with top notch food this isn't the place and you should try Silk City!This was the first breakfast place I ate at when my girlfriend and I moved to Philadelphia in 2013, and it is still probably my favorite. Love everything about this laid back joint. Coffee isn't amazing, but it works. The country fried steak is breaded in house, which is beautiful. I love the corn bread and the latkas. Will always come here as long as I am in this city.Wish I knew about this place before! I found this place in yelp while I was scrolling for a nearby brunch spot. This place had so many good reviews and located next to cafe la Maude (which I was not impressed at all). So I gave this place a shot and I am glad I did! At first, it's a really small and tight place, but the inside decor is really nice with a lot of natural light. The food is amazing!! I had the breakfast bomb with bacon. It is really interesting how they incorporate the pancake with the meal and use it differently. It's def a must try dish. Also the coffee there is amazing. I absolutely love this place!Perfect for kids and hipsters alike, mom and I enjoyed Honey's early this Saturday morning. We didn't have an issue finding parking a block away and were seated promptly when we walked in. Our coffee cups were constantly filled and service was friendly. We enjoyed the honey platter. The pancakes and home fries were delicious and they have great turkey products (turkey bacon and sausage can be hit or miss at some places). As previous reviews have stated, the dining area is small so come early and don't forget to bring cash as Honey's is cash only. We'll definitely return. Yummo!H------      all HYPE
O------    food is ORDINARY
N-----     NOT half as good as Sabrina's.
E-----   EDIBLE, but not fantastic!!
Y----     Y bother waiting in the long lines?  There are far too many other options in the area!  LOL
S---    Honey's was so-so!!!
This pretty much sums it up.  I had pumpkin pancakes. They had far too much cinnamon. Also had eggs and potatos. The potatos were good, I suppose.  My boyfriend had a Poorboy, and thought it was mediocre at best too.  Not bad, Not good, just average.  Add the over-crowded atmosphere... and the place is just not worth standing in the rain for 20 minutes, (which some people did) or sitting in a tightly packed waiting area with somebody's BUTT in your face for 20 minutes. (which I did!  LOL)  In their favor, I will say Honey's was cozy... it was a cold and rainy day, and I appreciated that Honey's had their heat on, unlike some other hipster spots that insist on having the a/c cranked up all year long!
The best part of my meal was my english breakfast tea... which I could have bought at any Target store and made myself at home. In short, Honey's is ok, but not worthy of more than 2 stars. I may revisit later and see if it wasn't just what I ordered that wasn't so hot.Honey's is a trendy spot in Northern Liberties that lives up to its reputation as a place for a wonderful breakfast.  The decor is very "shabby chic" and fits with its more "hipster" 20-something clientele. 
First of all, we went on a monday morning to dodge the crowd.  We heard from friends that the wait could get seriously prohibitive.
I had a fresh-squeezed orange juice which was incredible.  Any fresh squeezed juice that I've had has been amazing, but the price was equally palatable.  The coffee is still on my "to-try" list, however I hear its very good.
I had the Challah French Toast (~$7.25) which came as advertised. It was very basic for the price.  Real maple syrup made this dish one of the best french toast I've had in quite some time.  To add to that, the blueberry preserves on the table complemented the meal quite well.  However, I would have appreciated a potato latke or some other side as the meal was... basic.
My wife got an omelet of modest size but smaller than I'd like, which tasted very good.  Their redskin potato home-fry was rather poorly made.  It tasted too much like olive-oil and was seasoned with WAY too much rosemary.  A decent spread but I couldn't help but feel like I was paying a bit for the experience as the food left a little lacking.
Bottom Line:  A great spot for a nice breakfast, but not quite worth the price for the taste and portion.
I hear their bargain breakfast is ($3.95) quite the deal, and worth the price.  I'll have to try that next time and hopefully give a better rating.My Toad-In-Hole hit the spot with challah French toast and truffle oil- and a perfectly done toad!* I thought the prices were really reasonable, especially considering the fresh seasonal produce (my dish came with salad) and tasty homemade details. I got a side of coleslaw for the heck of it and it was fresh, crisp and nicely spiced.
Staff were fast and friendly but kept it cool, so I didn't feel rushed despite being a solo diner. I'd definitely come back to try their homemade desserts.
*No toads were harmed in the making of my egg.This place is a adorable small little cafe shop which you will end up sitting with others at a table cause of the space. The waiters and host were very polite and nice. I enjoyed the different variety of breakfast choices they have and also perfect for veggie lovers too. They had really good grits which I loved and i had me some eggs and sausage which was good, they kept serving and filling up our coffee which is always needed on a Sunday morning after a great party weekend. The wait is long I must say and there's nowhere to really stand unless your outside but its worth it for the nice home style southern breakfast and the fresh OJ! which I couldn't stop getting more of. I enjoyed Philly in general but I would def. go back here for some breakfast, its nothing fancy but they add there own little tricks and ingredients to add some more flavor and taste to it.Came here for brunch with a friend on a Friday around 11:30 or so. The place was packed but we were seated right away which was nice. I must say it is a lot smaller inside than I expected and the tables are a bit packed in but I still had a good experience nonetheless. 
I ordered the breakfast bomb, which consisted of eggs and a choice of meat (I selected turkey sausage) inside of a huge pancake with hash browns on the side. It really was a good value for the price I must say, but honestly it sounded a lot cooler than it actually was. Just imagine adding overly sweet syrup to your eggs. Yuck ! On my pancakes and breakfast meat sure ! Eggs that's a no go. So I had to do some rearranging and there really wasn't much space on the tiny table we were seated to do that. 
Overall it was okay but I wouldn't drive out of my way to come back.Honey's you are a Philadelphia gem! I was pleasantly surprised when I came to Honey's last Sunday for brunch. I went around 10:00 am and we were able to be seated right away. The place was packed to begin with and the crowds just kept coming throughout the entire time we were there. My suggestion: try and get there early! 
However, the staff was extremely friendly, prompt, and attentive. My water glass was never empty and my coffee mug was always topped off... It was WONDERFUL. I felt like I was receiving the royal treatment. It felt good my friends.
As for the food: I had the Honey platter. I decided on blueberry pancakes (blueberries IN the batter), two scrambled eggs, turkey sausage, and the potatoes. My goodness. I think the thing that got me the most were the pancakes. They were perfectly fluffy and dense at the same time. I'm not sure how they did it. I wish I could have eaten 12 more of them. Next time I may seriously consider adding another order just because they are were so good. The eggs were not too wet or too dry, they were fantastic. They also have a selection of hot sauce on the table!! I was blown away... Cholula , Frank's Red Hot, and Sriracha were all at the tips of my fingers without having to nag our server (though I'm sure it wouldn't have bothered her at all). The breakfast potatoes were spectacular as well. They were Cajun potatoes and man the seasoning was spot on! 
I'll be back to Honey's soon! Maybe to try dinner? Nahhhh those pancakes were too good to not order next time!Consistently good and big enough menu that you won't get bored.I organized a dinner here for me and 10 of my friends after reading all the great things about this place on Yelp. It definitely lived up to its expectations considering the huge group we had and the large quantities of alcohol we consumed. 
Two things to remember about this place. First its a BYOB - which is great, with no corkage fee! They happily gave us ice when we asked for it too which was really wonderful. The second, this place is CASH ONLY! so be prepared. They do have an ATM on the premises, but better to bring cash with you (to avoid the ATM fee).
I ordered their turkey burger and fries and it came out perfectly tender and juicy. Many of my friends ordered burgers as well and were extremely satisfied. We ordered fried green tomatoes and vegetable latkas for appetizers and they all disappeared. I would definitely recommend the latkas (!!) they were really delicious, and come with a great apple sauce!
I really appreciated how we got seated quickly for a party of 11 since they don't take recommendations, and the fact that they let us linger on that big table in the back. The wait staff was wonderful, and many of my friends said they would return! 
This is also great value for the dollar, since most entree dishes are under $15.I have been going to Honey's since 2006.  This place was one of the first restaurants to come to No Libs before it became the hip area it is today.  And, throughout the whole time their quality has remained consistently high.  I have never had lunch or dinner there.  When they first opened, they were only a breakfast place and by the time they began lunch and dinner service, I had become addicted to their breakfast offerings.  Thank goodness for the ability to get just one pancake.  This allows me to achieve full food coma and order a pancake with two eggs, biscuit and latke.  Everything is fresh and portions are generous.  The only downside is that on the weekends and holidays the wait can be atrocious.
Highly recommended.Came here for Saturday brunch. I ordered the Breakfast bomb which was a pleasant experience. The wait was long but if you're out for brunch, it would have to be absolutely miserable out for you to be seated at any restaurant in less than 10 minutes.
The wife had a chicken sandwich which she enjoyed. The kid got the chicken fingers and fries and actually finished it off.
If I lived in the neighborhood I'd come frequently.Food was delicious. Enjoyed breakfast outside. They even bought my puppy a bowl of water.I was really shocked I hadn't reviewed Honey's yet. It's my all time favorite brunch place, and I recommend it to everyone on a regular basis, which frequently includes strangers I meet on the street!
In trying to explain the unique cuisine of this culinary treasure I generally start of telling people to think Jewish Comfort Food meets Southern Comfort food in a delicious spot that warms you from the inside out like a great big hug from your Grandmom. Everything on the menu is local, with a seasonally delicious specials menu - there's a lot to choose from, so don't be surprised when you have trouble deciding. Order like a pro when you ask for Both sour cream & applesauce with your gigantic latke (nothing wrong with a double dip here, trust me). And don't feel bad for topping off your meal with a biscuit (be sure to heap on the homemade blueberry preserves - it's amazingly epic). Seating is "cozy"; think of other guests as family - that's the appeal of going to this home away from Grandmom's, oh and you'll eat like you're at Grandmom's too.
Oh, in my opinion this is a week place destination (they serve breakfast/brunch all week long) as the wait can be sort of insane on the weekends (though well worth it) but why wait if you don't have to? Use that lunch hour to good use and make the trip to Northern Liberties, it'll be totally worth it.I was convinced by hubby to try this place this morning and I'm glad I did. I'm a picky eater and was on the fence. We walked in and were seated right away. Service was fast and attentive. Menu was simple but offered many options for foodies. I ordered the omelette with home fries and side of grits. Every was good. For once, I have no complaints about his choice for breakfast. Tables are small but it feels like you are at someone's home and I assume that was by design. We live jersey and I can honestly say I'll become a regular. Parking is terrible but that's expected in PA.The first ever restaurant I have ever tried in the East Coast!
I got the crab cake appetizer that came with a small salad, a side of baked potato and lemonade.
Food's fresh, delish and really home cooked. Even the lemonade was freshly made! The crab cake had lumps and chunks of real crab meat...soooo good! 
The staff was casual, really nice and the service was fast. 
I love the restaurant ambiance, has a homey feel to it.
The desserts on their wall menu board sounded good but oh we were so full...First time in Philadelphia! 
Went here right after my flight and I was super hungry! 
The parking wasn't too bad, think we got lucky. 
I ordered the spicy tomato omelet, Which was great!!! Very big portions! Barely finished mine. Also came with a side of roasted chickpea salad with tzaziki sauce which was awesome. The asparagus was so good. My sister and cousins got the breakfast bomb and latkes, and the Benedict. From the plates being empty,, I'm going to assume they really enjoyed the food!!!  I higher recommend this place for brunch! The orange juice was also amazing, freshly squeezed. 
would definitely come again!What's not to love at Honey's.  Friendly, attentive wait staff.  Quality food with variety.  Chill vibe.  Reasonable prices.
Having moved out to the 'burbs from the city three years ago, we take advantage of any chance to frequent the restaurant scene of Center City.  Honey's has been on my list for quite some time.  And let me tell you, it didn't disappoint.  
Freshest guacamole I've ever tasted.  The waitress said, "they don't crack the avocado until you order it."  I had the churassco platter.  Flank steak with refried beans, rice and salsa verde.  Swear to our Maker that the beans were the best to ever touch my lips!  Sounds like I am over-reacting, right?  Go try the refried beans and then tell me I'm lying.
The wife got the red and gold beet salad with baby spinach, shallots, parsley, chives, walnuts and goat cheese with tarragon vinaigrette.  She found it quite delicious.  My wife isn't a foodie like me but, as we were leaving, declared, "We need to come back here again."
You hear that?  It's a ringing endorsement.  
Eat at Honey's.  Thank me later.It was a crowded Sunday afternoon, with a slew of people waiting outside, but we were still seated in 20 minutes. I had the beet salad with chicken which was delicious! The egg platters looked delicious, and I will definitely try them next time!Great, simple food. My first food establishment in Philly and I left a happy camper. Very nice service too. Will definitely be back!Hungrawesome.
Honey's Sit and Eat makes my stomach happy. I wanted to eat everything on the menu. That's rare for me. Almost everything was beyond exceptional. I couldn't choose. Maybe it was because I had to wait 30 minutes to be seated. Make sure to go on a sunny day if it's busy just in case you wait outside.
The Latke is nice for a change. Latke is kind of a substitute for potatoes it's like a fried hash brown pieces in the shape of bread. Thank God for something different. Take notes other restaurants. You need at least one creative twist on the menu.
The coffee is local and fresh, from La Colombe, the best coffee in Philly. 
We had Chile Rilenos and a Breakfast Burrito with Gauc. The Guac was amazing. 
The deserts sound awesome though I haven't tried them yet. Fried Banana Split anyone?
Very relaxed environment not intimidating.OMG I'm obsessed.  The enfrijoladas are my favorite thing on the menu and I totally find the constant hour long wait worth it each time.  Their home made ranch dressing is also really good.  It's just really good here period.  I love the atmosphere and people watching too.Went here with my fellers and boy did we sit and EAT!...Sorry, corny just slipped out....
Anyhoo, I had a tasty omelet, a somewhat dry biscuit made delicious by syrup, and an excellent variation on a potato latke. Only one in our party didn't really enjoy his meal and he got the chicken fried steak, which in my opinion is never delicious, so I blame him for ordering it. 
 The atmosphere is very casual without being unduly lax in the service department and the prices are pretty reasonable, especially if  you can get there for the $4 egg breakfast!  For 3 entrees, an order of pancake (just one), and some fresh squeezed juices it was $35. If I were a Philadelphian, this would certainly be a go to spot for me.My go-to place for anything and everything. Honeys is in a league of its own. It has such a homey feeling and their latkes make me heart sing. The honey cristco is a MUST!!!! Love it here- always worth the wait.The food at Honey's is good, but good enough to wait 60 minutes on a Sunday morning?  Not nearly.  I'd gladly eat here again if I saw a lack of a line, but there are way too many amazing, underpopulated brunch spots in the neighborhood to justify an hour of hunger.Delicious brunch food. I absolutely love their biscuits n gravy, along with their potato latkes. Wait is never too bad and they are very quick once you are seated. One of my favorite places!This is one of my favorite breakfast/brunch places in town. Friendly staff and amazing food. If you didn't bring cash that's okay there is an atm on site. The atmosphere is rather homey.This is the third time I've been here and they have done it again!!!
Honey's does it just right! Started with a perfect cup of joe. Finished breakfast off with a bang....macaroni pancakes and a side of bacon! Delicious!!!Breakfast was great. Good food, great vibe and the staff was very friendly and pleasant. Food was fresh and filling. Would def come back.To me, Honey's is first and foremost about comfort. The decor is all weathered country items. There are large barn door windows that allow for a great breeze on a summer night. The staff is really friendly, and courteous. As I don't think the food is the most amazing I've had, the environment is really comfortable and inviting. Oh, and the carrot cake: To Die For!I'm not quite sure why this is grouped with "Best Black Owned Business" when it's not black-owned. Unless I am mistaken?This is one of my go to breakfast places when I have people coming from out of town.  The service is quick and the food is good.  The line always seems long, but it moves very quickly.  Both locations are good.  You have to try the latkes with apple sauce.  
Remember, it's cash only and BYOB!Great spot for breakfast! I was being economical so I got the $4 hook up two eggs, challah toast potato latke and coffee  It was good and the homemade blueberry jam made it! My friend got a breakfast quesadilla which was amazing and a huge portion with fresh re fried beans and pico de gallo.  The service was friendly and nice.  DEf. a bit of a hipster scene but tolerable:)  I love this little neighborhood for food.
The lunch menu looks great as well and I will be sure to return to check it out.  Keep in mind it is cash only!This place rules.  I didn't think anything could compare to Morning Glory around here, but I was sadly in a small South Philly bubble that I'm glad I got out of this afternoon.  The food was just as awesome and fun, but the wait is a lot shorter. More tables will give you that.
I had an omelet with turkey sausage, turkey bacon and provolone. It was incredible. As any omelet with those ingredients ought to be. However, the potatoes tasted like jambalaya and had peppers in em so they won by default over other potatoes.  The menu said latkes or grits - I was sad when I heard they didn't have regular potatoes but then boom, waiter says they got em! Boom! The challah was great too. 
Southern and Jewish combined. No wonder why this South Philly native with Jewish blood loved this place...Quite possibly the best brunch I have had in over a year.  It will be packed on the weekends but it's worth the wait.