My husband and I started at a nearby Lowe's for electrical supplies and realized we were so hungry and decided to try a newly opened restaurant in the  same mall. So happy we did! We were greeted by a friendly hostess and sat down in a big but nicely decorated dining area. Our waitress was Shay (don't  know if you can ask for certain waitresses but she is excellent!) Shay explained the menu and made recommendations. We had wings for appetizers (Joe's were spicy). We both decided on the combos, just different "catches" and I   Got plain cooked and Joe again got spicy. Shay delivered the foof and it was hot and delicious. Too full for dessert. Maybe next time. WE ARRE DEFINITELY COMING BACK WITH MORE FAMILY!!!
Well, we came back for my birthday  There was 9 of us and EVERYONE loved the food, and our  waitress, Annie. She was very attentive and really gave excellent service!!!! Can't say enough good about this restaurant!!!!! The food and service is great!!!! 
Most of the family are making plans to return!!!!!Friendly and fast service, good fried chicken wings, shrimps poboys and waffle dessert 
Highly recommend for people who likes seafoodI been to the Hook & Reel twice and I must say the first time was good but the second was better... Dez was out waiter and he gave excellent service... everyone greeted us and we ever got riddles from one of the other staff... Alex the manager was very nice and knowledgeable... because of that experience NACS will have their next lunch meeting there... Oh by the way the food is good...lolThe food was good but the snow crab cluster did not have a crab claw in it but the service on the other hand was  Another story waited 20 minutes for Cosmo and one shot of Hennessy The wait staff was not attentive in the bartenders Service was poor on the other hand management was great I will give it another chance in the future.Very good, catfish sliders mmmmm. But u gotta get a boil mmmmm everything was amazing.Heard this place was opening so I decided to give them a try. It's in the plaza near Grant Ave and if you are familiar with the area, it is located in the same place where Famous Dave's was.
Parking: lot parking. 
Atmosphere: relaxed and roomy. Not your typical Cajun restaurant size. 
Service: Greeted at door and seated.  Rocky was our server. He was great! Very tentative. I will ask for him every time.  The GM Paul came by our table and was very nice. 
Food: Once you are seated you are served a basket of shrimp chips which is shrimp and potato fried. It had a pork rind consistency. Very good!!great flavor. 
Appetizer: I ordered the fried oyster basket; it comes with fries.  I chose the cajun fries.  The oysters had no flavor. 
Cocktails: I had the mango mai tai. It was strong but didn't have enough mango. Rocky came back with more mango and that completed it. 
Meal: Chose the create your own and got the Dungeness crab with head off with a side of sausage in the hook and reel special blend spicy. I wasn't a fan of the sauce.  The sausage came out on the side and not in the sauce. I will request them to be added to the seafood bag next time.  
My friend got the Dungeness with the lobster tail in the garlic butter. I enjoyed his sauce.
Overall I enjoyed my experience and will go back.Hook and Reel probably is the only restaurant in the NE Philly that serves seafood in a bag and a full bar. It is located in the Whitman Square Shopping Center off of Roosevelt Blvd. So no need to worry about parking since there are plenty.
Our first choice requires at least 40 minutes wait, so we chose to eat at Hook and Reel instead. The moment we enter the restaurant, the hostess greeted  and seated us immediately. I don't know what happen, but we were sat at our table for 10 minutes, there is not one single waiter or waitress took our drinks. Finally Brandon shows up and put his name down on the table. I don't know how the restaurant got it set up, but I see a flaw in its system. If management assign tables to each waiter/waitress,maybe customers don't have to wait 10 minutes for drinks, bc that's ridiculous. Second, any restaurant know to serve appetizers first. H&R gotta all mixed up, one of our appetizer came last. 
As far as food and drinks goes. Everything is not fantastic but passable, nothing to be like ooh gotta come back soon vibe, ya know. We ordered mozzarella sticks, half dozen raw oysters, kids pasta, crabmeat roll, fried shrimp basket, and create-your-own combo(snow crab leg, Dungeness crab leg, and crawfish in seasoned garlic butter sauce). 
We also order desserts. We got kids Bear, Gelato, and Red Velvet. Again, nothing too spectacular. But the kids Bear looks overly adorable, like too adorable that I didn't want to eat lol.So I went on a Friday night around 7pm. Was told there was a 15-20min wait and we got seated exactly 18mins ( definitely a plus). Our waitress was Alexis and she was super nice and attentive. We got calamari as a appetizer, it was over cooked and very chewy in my opinion. We also got fried flounder and shrimp boil. The flavor was just ok, not very seasoned. Also I wasn't a fan of the type of shrimp in the boil. I will definitely give it another try because it is a great atmosphereThis place can't be beat. It's a nice casual place if you like seafood. The steam pots are amazing and the prices are reasonable. I will definitely will be returning.  Don't pass this place up. I'm already looking forward to plan my next trip here.My biggest complaint is that no matter what time you call they do not answer the phone. I heard two workers outside laughing about not taking orders over the phone because they didn't feel like working.  If this is their attitude then I'm starting to wonder how they feel about making my food .  Please have your employees keep it clean and professional. One lady at the front desk too busy texting to get my order. 
Moving on, the food is pretty good but it is over priced. You get 2 clusters, three mini potatoes, and 1 piece of baby size corn for $32. They only let you choose one sauce so you have to choose between butter and garlic and old Bay or any of the others.  
Ive had this same bundle elsewhere with 3 pieces of corn, shrimp, broccoli and any choosing of sauce ( 3) for the same price.
Based on my last experience i didnt like more of the service. You may want to HOOK& REEL elsewhere, this isnt a good CATCHGreat Staff , nice environment, clean, food choices was great. The Hook and Reel sauce was delicious. We went on a Saturday so it was quite busy. Didn't take long to be seated, waiter service was prompt, however took long for our food to come out an hour. Snow crabs were not fresh. The shrimp was a nice size & the calamari was good. Even with the cons would still come back to try other food options. They are new so another chance wouldn't hurt.I came here when they opened for lunch on a Saturday and there were plenty of seating. My party of two was given a seat at one of the booths and our waiter King was quick to take care of us. He went through the menu as this was our first time and gave us recommendations. We started with the Reel's Catch with Snow crab legs, crawfish and New Zealand mussels in the special blend sauce. We then ordered clam in original cajun and king crab legs in seasoned garlic butter. All the seafood was really fresh and the crab legs were full of meat despite not being in season. By far, our favorite was the Hook & Reel special blend, which was a combination of all the sauces on the menu. It was flavorful, buttery, garlicky without being too salty. The other sauces were great as well but may be a little salty depend on your taste. 
The service was excellent and attentive. The restaurant was clean with plenty of seating which would be good for groups. The place is surrounded with plenty of parking space and close to other stores which you can stop by for some shopping after your meal. Despite just recently opened, I see a potential for Hook & Reel to be popular, as plenty of customers came in throughout our lunch.
Overall a great experience and I would love to come back to try out other dishes on the menu.Absolutely poor service.  Server brought out the bag, didn't open. No setup provided. Ordered a beer and waited. All this while I watch the table across from me get the bag opened  they had gloves bibs and oh their fruity drinks were delivered  all this while I sat and waited. The other patron started looking for the server as well. One and done...The crabmeat Fries are perfect! The seafood boil is amazing they let you choose what you want in it along with some extras had the right amount of seasoning and was reasonably priced def recommendI've been meaning to go here since they opened.  Finally got a chance to take one of my friends out for their birthday.  This place very clean.  The ambiance is very nice.  They have a very nice menu with a lot of great selections.  The staff is very friendly.  Our host was a  name Dez who was awesome.  He knew when we needed refills and was very attentive to our party.  I highly recommend this place:Came here on the evening of the first day opening. The restaurant was nice, the made sure everyone coming in was waited on in a timely fashion. What I was disappointed with was the way my crabmeat fries looked. I waited almost a half hour for them and when I got I didn't look at them until i got home.  Y'all gonna have to do better,Hook and reel new addition to the area been here a few times being as it has some really good seafood (when eating in) since seeing this in place of the old Famous Dave's restaurant(r.i.p) the staff are dope and funny but some times look over worked and cant wait to grab a seat when they take ur order which is cool...some of the seasoning combos are more salty than flavorful so pick wisely ......while going before being on quarantine with this whole Corona thing food was unbelievable orders dont take to long ....drinks are a tad over priced but good I recommend mango mai tai durning happy hour.... but today going out on a 35mins ride to get seafood and it was beyond a disappointment I ordered garlic butter (fire) which is supposed to be the hottest my food was not hot at all the sodium level gave me a headache the clams ok crawfish ok shrimp head on tasted as if they had been sitting all day, potatoes were hard and this places normally has the best potatoes that come with seafood....corn was as if it was in butter for the week and reheated, the eggs were rubbery. They did add a bottle of water ‍..
Hopefully after this city lock down they can redeem their self if I have another $37.88 to waste.Sad experience.  The food can be good, but the sevice and ambiance was awful. We did not get waited on when we sat down for at least 10 min. Then we ordered a couple of glasses of wine, they took 15 min more, the app came out before our drink. Totally unorganized.  We left without ordering dinner.Great place to go. I wanted seafood so bad & this place was perfect. The special sauce was amazing. Definitely plan on getting more soon.Food wasn't  that good. Service was good. Disappointing  the menu is confusing.  Not a good experience.  The place is clean and spaced out for Covid. Inside dining  is comfortable.  That's  all I  really  have to say.I  didn't  enjoy  my first visit.  I don't  believe  I'll  go back. I don't  eat crabs  but the people  who were eating  crabs seemed  happy.Hook & Reel, a new addition to Philadelphia, has brought another seafood restaurant offering for all seafood lovers to enjoy. Hook & Reel is the new occupants of what used to be Famous Dave's, the barbecue food restaurant of many years. From pigs and deer decor to ship anchors, fish, and sea shells, hook reel has captured the essence of onboard a boat and enjoying the seafood that comes along with it. 
Seafood lovers rejoice because if you've got a craving for some good crabs, shrimps, mussels, scallops and any other seafood you can add in ladled in delicious sauce (i.e. garlic and butter) then Hook & Reel would be a great choice. I was given a special tasting opportunity to come and try some things on their menu. 
My favorites were the crab fries as an app. I liked the flavor of the crab meat and the dip that came with it was really yummy. While mine was pretty good and had a good amount of crab meat, I can see this being really popular if they added a little more crab meat and squirted the sauce over the fries. However, it was good and I would definitely get this again. 
The steamed seafood that comes in the bag along with corn and red potatoes was also really good. This is what most seem to come to get. You have various ways to order this either by choosing preset combinations by price or you can create your own combination. I chose crabs and scallops in garlic butter sauce and it was tasty. The scallops were very succulent and the crabs were juicy! The hush puppies were tasty too and is a good add on to your seafood meal.
The not so favorites were the wings and shrimp basket. We ordered two types of wings--breaded lemon pepper and un-breaded buffalo. The breaded was fried hard and too crispy and I tasted no lemon pepper flavor. There was some type of "sauce" on the side but it  just seemed like nothing but oil. I informed the waitress and she said that it was not the correct sauce and brought out lemon pepper seasoning. It was not what I expected and I don't think it was made as it should. The un-breaded was a little better as it had the correct sauce, and was eatable. I know this isn't a wing place, but I was told that they were pretty good and if it's on your menu, it should still be good and made right.  The shrimp basket was average, but still good. You get 8 large and I ordered sweet potato fries. 
I also tried the carrot cake which was pretty good. 
The waitress Juliet, and employees (wish I got their names) were very friendly and team oriented. Although our waitress was busy waiting on other tables, the other employees were kind enough to assist if we needed anything. Sophie was great too! She was the manager walking around and speaking to everyone to make sure everything was running correctly. She came over to speak with us and was friendly. As long as they keep employees happy and them working as a team, customers will have great service! All of our food was out quickly and efficiently. 
Hook & Reel will have other locations in PA opening as two are coming to Wyncote and King of Prussia. 
Thanks again Mengyao!!This restaurant has lots of seafood options! Steamed is the way to go for seafood, so everything came out pretty tasty. The shrimp and scallops were great. I didn't try the mussels, but my fiance said they were also very good. We agreed that the crawfish are kind of a waste of money since they contain such a miniscule amount of meat, just the little tail. The potatoes and corn were good. The potatoes were juicy, which I really liked. The lobster bisque was delicious and creamy. And even my dad's chicken fingers were awesome. They were juicy, and their batter was really good; they were like fried chicken, but boneless. The french fries that came with them were also good. I also liked that this place has alcohol, which competitor Crack Crab does not have. My only complaint is the same complaint I have with almost every seafood restaurant, except Crack Crab, actually--the food is too salty. Other than that, everyone in my party liked it!So good. I hope they'll offer delivery soon, they'd make some serious coin. Want crawfish so bad, but I can't get out. Oh well, until then, I'll have PB&J. Bleh!Hook and Reel brings a new concept to Philly that's fairly simple - choose your seafood, spice level, and sauce, and have it brought out freshly-cooked to your table in a huge steam bag! The decor is simple and nautical themed making you feel like you're at the shore - even in the dead of winter.
Our sever Malik was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu and took the time to go through page-by-page and describe all of the available items to us. They start you off with a complimentary basket of fish chips with Old Bay and we grabbed a few beers while we checked out the menu. We decided to start off with the Coconut Shrimp and a bowl of Clam Chowder. The Coconut Shrimp were ok, could have done without them, but the soup was delicious. We then chose to order the King Crab Legs with seasoned garlic butter and chose "spicy" as our level. We also got the Cajun Boil (crawfish, shrimp, and mussels) with dry Old Bay. Both choices were also served with corn and potatoes.
The King Crab Legs were BOMB. Seriously, they were huge and so delicious. The portion size is a bit on the small side for the price ($35), but the corn and potatoes definitely helped to fill us up. The Cajun Boil was good too, but nothing compared to the King Crab Legs.
The total bill with tax and tip was just over $100 which is not bad at all for the amount and caliber of the food served. The service was EXCELLENT - can't rave enough about Malik. He was awesome!
This is a great new addition to an area where you see chain restaurant after chain restaurant. If you want a quick, local seafood fix, this is a good option. We had a blast getting our hands dirty (and wearing bibs, of course).We went friday, second day they open. Ordered crab legs, shrimp, black mussels, sausage and eggs. The crabs was fresh but the sauce (we got the house blend spicy) was soo salty that some of the food was not edible. We spent about 90$ with tip. Wasn't worth it to me honestly for two ppl. The waiter took our payment and didn't return back with our card until like 15 mins. My bf had to go and look for him. Horrible first experience.Absolutely THE BEST service, the food was good in addition to the presentation. From the GM to the servers especially Alexis, if they maintain this type of service and quality Hook and Reel will be a frequent visiting spot for me!Hubby and I really enjoyed the food. The service was great. The manager frequently checked on us to make sure we were good.  I highly recommend this place . Our waitress Alexis was great !!!!!The service is sub par.  While tI ordered and stood at the window only for the person behind me to walk-in and get their food before I did.  I patiently waited for over 30 minutes to get my take-out order.  Needless to say I won't be returning because of the disorganized nature of the ordering/pick-up process. .I enjoyed the snow crabs and the lobster bisque soup is amazing The service was good as well my waitress Annie was very attentive... I would definitely come back and refer family and friends....I ordered the crab roll and it didn't have much crab on it. It was more of a lettuce and tomato roll. At least the roll was decent. Fries were OK. For a seafood place to be so lacking with crab meat ill never come here again.I dined here on July 7th for the outdoor dining. While sitting outside it started to rain heavily. The staff was extremely helpful and quick with dealing with the rain. The manager went above and beyond for my friend and I. We decided to get our main courses to go and they were both delicious. I created my own seafood boil and my friend got the Mardi Gras meal. I mainly wanted to give the positive review due to the manager and how he went out of his way to make sure my friend and I were comfortable.UPON ARRIVAL wait staff very friendly and accommodating. All after was awful food deep fried basket fallinf apart had i ate batter so thick..ugh mussels maniara with spaghetti awful.ragu and mussells servered around dish dry and tasted like rubber awful..if i could no stars i would ..save your moneyFood was AWESOME. Best clam chowder I've had in a long while. Shrimp on the Po Boy were HUGE and perfectly cooked. I was so excited to see hush puppies on the menu and they did not disappoint. And the packaging was really well done. Love the boxes and extras. Thank you! I will definitely be back!!Went to see what it was about last night as I am a seafood lover. Staff was very pleasant. Brandon was our server. He explained the menu from top to bottom. Our appetizers were great. I loved the garlic bread and crab bites. The drinks are a bit too strong. The rude boy lemonade didn't have enough strawberry purée. I literally wasted my money I could only take a sip. My craw fish werent hot just on the warm side. Lastly, the sauce it's really not enough in the bag. I had to take the butter from the bread sticks and pour it in the Mardi gas & my crawfish. I can't say I won't be back maybe not in a little while.Food never arrived.  I was so hopeful, but even a $200 order wasn't important enough for the delivery company OR the restaurant to care.  What a disappointment.Haven't been here in a long time so, I decided to come in for dinner. There was no wait (arrived around 9 pm) and mask were not mandatory nor did they ask vaccination status of patrons. 
Ordered 2 clusters of snow crab legs with old bay and a side of garlic butter as well as crabmeat fries. 
I was disappointed with this meal.  The crabmeat fries were good minus the white sauce that was on them. I did NOT care for that sauce and am unsure of what it was but to me it didn't seem to go. 
Our clusters had no flavor at all and the garlic butter was just regular butter NO garlic.Came here for the first time tonight. I'm not a huge seafood fan but by boyfriend is so we gave it a shot. It was really good. The calamari and shrimp  po' boy was delicious. He had lobster tail in bag and enjoyed it. Best part by far was the service. Brandon was an excellent server. I am a server myself so I have high standards for service. He was very attentive and friendly. He explained the menu to us also. We will be back for sure.So if you ever read my review before you know that I am an avid seafood lover. So of course when I found out that a new location for a seafood restaurant was opening up I had to try it. Hook n Reel Cajun seafood was so good and this is the first seafood restaurant that you can get seafood in a bag that I've ever seen lobster tails as an option. We walk in and the host immediately greets us she's very nice and we were seated superquick. Our servers name is Rob he explained the entire menu since this is a new location to the area and it was very helpful because they don't have a lot of seafood places like this one in particular there. So I decided to create my own combo because I wanted to try a lot of seafood just so that I could get a feel for how well it was cooked and with the seasons and flavors would taste like on there so I went ahead and went with an old faithful and I chose the Cajun  and my cousin came along with me and she chose the Old Bay Dry. As an appetizer I picked the crab fries and she picked the crab bites and we were in love with the sauce that came with both it was the same sauce but it was so good it was like sweet and tangy but it really complemented the saltiness of you know both the fries and the crab bites it was a good combo as far as flavor goes. They have specialty drinks as far as alcohol goes and they also have a lot of choices for different beers and they have choices for wine as well so you can take this up a notch if you like we chose water because I really just wanted to focus on the food the food looked so amazing. The food came out fairly quickly and so did the appetizers so but we weren't even finished with the appetizers and the food was already there but I didn't want to eat all of the appetizers though it was so hard since they were so good so I tried to like just put them to the side and we ended up with one left and we ended up finishing off the crab bites and we were like we weren't going to finish the fries because we have food to go with our seafood steam bags. So I got the shrimp with the heads on because there's an option to get heads on or heads off and they said the shrimp come straight from the golf which is really nice because that's as fresh as you're going to get. My steam bag also came with snow crab and lobster tail. My cousin chose snow crab scallops and shrimp with the heads off. I asked for melted butter but by the time I actually got it I realized that the flavors were so good there was no need I still used a little bit just as a switch up every once in a while but the bag really did do its job of penetrating good flavor into it and they were not skimping on the amount of seasonings that they put inside of it like you're going to get a little messy if you get the cajun if you don't want to be messy you might want to go with the Old Bay Dry because it was definitely less mess but hey this messy life comes with seafood! So as far as the seafood goes and was it cooked well I would say yes and the reason that I say that is because sometimes you can get a seafood boil and it's over cooked and it's very hard to pull the meat from the Shell that was not the case here the meat from the Shell came out with ease it was perfectly cooked nothing was too tough everything was tender so you really know that they know what they're doing the corn and potatoes that came with it they were nice they were good and they weren't too big to make you feel like you were just stuffed and uncomfortable at the end I think that they gave you a very good amount of food considering we did eat appetizers too and normally I feel bad afterwards I didn't it was a very good portion of everything you really get your moneys worth. If you are traveling to the Philly area or you are in the Philly area residing I'd say give this place a try our bill came out to about $102 for two people we ordered the top-of-the-line seafood bags and we also got two appetizers and we ordered water and we gave about a $20 tip so with all of that included together I think that that was a great deal considering you can go to a Nother seafood spot and get less food for about $40 per person and have way less so definitely give this place a try it's so worth the money and to me it was a good deal. I will definitely be back to Hook and Reel Cajun Seafood to try the other flavors and menu items! Oh and side note they have a dedicated hand washing station so you don't have to go to the bathroom just to wash your hands and the bathrooms were clean as ever and smelled pleasant. This place exceeded my overall expectations!Great place to sit and dine in! The staff was very friendly from the time we walk in to the very time that we left, Our server Harvey was OUTSTANDING!! Not only did he suggest great menu items but his honesty was awesome, he ran out after us as while we were leaving to give me my card they I left, WE WILL BE BACK VERY SOON!We arrived on a Saturday and it was packed. We were told about a 45-60 min wait which I didn't mind but it seemed we got called a lot sooner but no complaints here. 
Well we ordered the crab fries and was informed that the crab meat would be cold but we were given the option of having it warmed up which we did. The fries and crabmeat were good, I felt like it needed more old bay but overall good. 
We decided on the build your own meal and for 2 snow crab clusters w/a 1/2 lb of shrimps (head off). I forget what seasoning was selected but we decided on mild w/2 sides of garlic butter. For drinks we had the Kentucky Bourbon Lemonade and a Cosmo which were both good. 
Our food was delicious and I really loved the garlic butter. There was actual garlic at the bottom of the butter which gave it an even better taste. 
Our server Alexis was good and helpful w/selections. I can't wait to returnI ordered a seafood boil with a few types of shellfish. I was really upset because I love clams and 12 were closed. My husband started prying a couple apart until I told him to stop because it means they aren't cooked or were dead before cooking. I had more closed than open. Everything else was fantastic.The food is always amazing along with the drinks. I've been there several times since the Covid pandemic and still received great service. I have to be honest about my visit last week. I enjoy my food even more now that the seating is outdoor but the request I made wasn't honored. 
Last week my sister and I celebrated our birthday so when I signed up to be added on the waitlist, I asked that my sister be surprised with dessert and the birthday song. When I pulled up and gave my name the hostess looked confused. She says we don't take reservations ! I asked her then why are we given the option to be put on the waitlist if it's not honored? She then proceed to say" We don't have access or even look at them"....DISSAPOINTED :(. I said to her I made a special request, can you at least take a look at that? I couldn't say because my sister was standing next to me. She said no, we can't see what's on the waitlist. Okay, I accept that answer and figured I will just tell my waitress when I meet him/her. When she approached the table, I wrote on a napkin and showed her that it was my sister's birthday and I would like dessert and the Birthday song sang to her. She nodded her head okay, so I assumed she understood what to do next.....NOT ! We of course enjoyed our food and was given the check. Not only did I waste my time putting my name on a waitlist that really don't exist, my request for a Birthday song didn't happen :(. Next year , my sister and I will pick a place who will sing loud and proud to the both of us. Anyways, Happy Birthday to my big sis Tara !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The only reason I made the request is because during the previous visit 3 weeks ago, they sung Happy Birthday to 2 other customers and I saw how happy her reaction was.It was okay. I feel like they're overpriced for the portions in which they give. The drinks were decent. I loved the atmosphere. The entire vibe of the place was great but the overall view was that it was "OK".They are recently opened but by six months they should do a little better 
Food freshness seems to be a little far from this place and I think thats why everything is so spicy here
Waiter mixed up checks and never removed items that wasn't ordered 
I wouldn't go againYummy yummy!  Seafood Boil is our favorite with the signature sauce. Service is always top notch.  Fresh food and refreshing. Thank you '.  The manager is awesomeI was there 3 times since they opened....
Food was great and service good as well until the last nite....when we got there we were seated, the 2 couples that got there after us were waited on 1st....After I let it be known to the server, the waitress came over....she took our order and she looked at me and said you look familiar you were here the other nite...I eats seafood like crazy, my husband will have a fit if he found out I was visiting every week..
That was very unprofessional, please train your staff.If I could rate it lower I would I order my food over 1hr ago and still haven't received my food not even the appetizer smh never coming here againFirst off, let me say: THIS PLACE IS THE BEST PLACE FOR A CAJUN SEAFOOD BOIL! My aunt and I decided to come here today. We were greeted by 3 young men, who kindly asked us, if we had masks, due to it being mandatory in Philly. We did. We were seated and given menus and within 2 minutes, we were greeted by an AMAZING waiter named Benny. (We will be back to see him) We started off with the lobster bisque, hush puppies and lobster claws and arms for appetizers. The lobster claws and arms were SUPER fresh and sitting in a Lovely garlic butter sauce! So yummy! The hush puppies were GREAT! They also got dunked in the garlic butter! The lobster bisque was a little too thick for my liking and reminded me of baby food mixed with the baby cereal... But... My Aunt loved it! We created our own boils which consisted of the following: My Aunt had 2 snow crab clusters, 1/2 pound of shrimp with the head off, a lobster tail, broccoli, corn and potatoes in the hook and real sauce mild. I had 1 cluster of dungeness, 1/2 pound of crawfish, 1/2 pound of head on shrimp, a lobster tail, boiled eggs, broccoli, and corn and potatoes. We both got extra sides of the garlic butter for dipping and dunking! It was AMAZING!! The crab was JUICY!! The lobster was tender and moist!! You could taste the freshness of the shrimp! The corn was sweet! The broccoli was clearly fresh with the perfect amount of crunch! The sauce was absolutely DELICIOUS! The portions are huge!!! In fact, not only did we leave with more than half our food, we ordered 2 additional lobster tails, because they were THAT good!!! Then, the manager Rob, was kind enough to walk us out to our car! They've earned a life long couple of customers! Thank you hook and reel!Came here tonight was seated within 2 minutes of my arrival. The waitress was very helpful and made suggestions on which foods she thought were really good. I ordered for appetizer crab bites, my sister ordered bbq wings and my other sister ordered mild wings the appetizers were really tasty. For entree i ordered the crab leg and shrimp boil with a extra lb of crab legs with old bay seasoning. The boil came with corn and potato it was seasoned to perfection delicious i will definetly order this again when i come back here to eat. For dessert i ordered the creme brulee but it wasnt what I imagined it was not good at all, my sister ordered a boil also with crawfish and shrimp she really enjoyed her broil also. The only complaint was the desserts need to be upgraded to something better. She tried the gluten free dessert it wasn good either . I think if they change their desserts this place would be even better.  The decor in the restaurant was really nice i felt like i was on the beach.Wasn't very impressed. I felt that $95 for two people to eat lunch is expensive. I paid $11 for a mixed drink that was small and light on the alcohol. It took way to long to get our food and couldn't find our waitress when we needed a drink refill. The food was very good but to expensive. You should definitely offer lunch specials.pity they can only do takeout now, fantastic place to eat Cajun food. The food is fresh and tasty. Would recommend my friends to comeI just ordered on door dash and got the smallest crab legs I have ever seen. Barely any meat in them. I feel like I just got punked lol!The food was delicious and a great place to eat but beware of the owner. Mr . Paul . He is the worst person I ever met. The way he talks to staff members and treat customers is not right . I didn't know about the Groupon policy . I drove two hours to try their seafood but after the experience with the owner it just left a sour taste. Avoid this place if you want a place you feel welcome . People make mistakes and as a person you should not fault someone for not knowing but rather to teach and move on . He was so rude to the manager , and the girl in front of us . Would you tell a guest you are losing money in front of them? And just tell a manger to get on the waiter's ass. In front of the customer. Mr Paul shouldn't be a owner to a beautiful establishment. He will bring down the whole establishment.My husband and I started at a nearby Lowe's for electrical supplies and realized we were so hungry and decided to try a newly opened restaurant in the  same mall. So happy we did! We were greeted by a friendly hostess and sat down in a big but nicely decorated dining area. Our waitress was Shay (don't  know if you can ask for certain waitresses but she is excellent!) Shay explained the menu and made recommendations. We had wings for appetizers (Joe's were spicy). We both decided on the combos, just different "catches" and I   Got plain cooked and Joe again got spicy. Shay delivered the foof and it was hot and delicious. Too full for dessert. Maybe next time. WE ARRE DEFINITELY COMING BACK WITH MORE FAMILY!!!!!!Great food! Shaq is a great waiter; very attentive and friendly! Red is great too, he tells jokes and is very friendly as well. I like this place better than Joe's Crab Shack. We'll definitely come back again.Fast and friendly service! 
Alexis did an awesome job  serving my party of 6. Plenty of on site parking, convenient location right off the blvd. 
When we entered we weree seated right away by smiling and friendly faces. 
The menu had a nice variety of items to choose from so we tried all different appetizers. We ended up getting crab bites, chicken wings, shrimp po boys and we shared them. 
Never really had crab before but tasted the crab bites they were pretty good. When it came to the main meal I got the Mardi Gras boil  which came with crawfish, shrimp, and mussels, corn cob and potatoes in a Cajun sauce. Everyone at my  table got some form of boil, with crab legs, shrimp, or mussels. 
The boils were steaming hot and the sauce it came in was flavorful. 
The dessert had many options and I ended  up getting the key lime cheesecake, carrot cake that was gluten free and my boyfriend got the waffle with ice cream. Everyone else got the waffle and chocolate cake and raspberry creme  brûlée. I tasted a little of each dessert, but my favorites were the chocolate cake and cheesecake.
This experience was a great one and I'd definitely come back again inn the near future. 
The portions were so big- I actually had some to take home. 
This place deserves 5 stars on service, and food.What else is there better to do on a Sunday night besides eat seafood? Nothing! My cousin and I were on our Laverne and Shirley tip and drove 40 minutes to try this new place out. We pull up to the restaurant and it's pretty big compared to the other seafood places in Philly. The park lot is lowkey  packed so we're like okay this is a good sign. It's busy on a Sunday so the food must be good right? 
We had reservations and thank god because this place was busy.
We were sitting down and the staff were super friendly! Our waitress name was Annie and she was absolutely delightful! She was absolutely wonderful! Then Paul, the manager, came over and introduced himself to us as well. It was really amazing to see the staff interact with its guest despite the place being so busy. 
Now to the good stuff! We decided to do the "create your own boil" because you get to pick half of pounds of seafood and it was our first time we  didn't want to get 2 pounds of everything and hate it. So I got the black mussels, snow crab legs, shrimp (shrimp with the head off bc I'm classy jk) with the Hook & Reel special blend in spice level SPICY! Which I could've totally could've kicked it up a notch. But baybeeeee!!! My food was hella bomb, PERIOD! My cousin got the same thing as me but with butter garlic sauce. She ended up asking for my sauce on the side lol. The Hook and Reel sauce is no joke but if you're like me you  could for sure for sure handle it in Fire. The next time we come back I'm definitely getting my food on Fire level!
Although I went with my cousin, it's definitely family oriented. Please don't judge me, I like this seafood place better because they have a bar. No I didn't drink because I drove there and it's pretty far from where I live. Had I not drove I seen like 5 drinks I wanted to try.Rocky and Shana were our waitress and waiter very friendly and accommodating the food was incredible will be back againI would have given 5 stars based upon flavor But, the "POUND" of King Crab legs was FAR LESS than a pound
The meal came with TWO crab legs and half of each leg had ZERO meat. There were THREE small potatoes and ONE piece of corn. A giant half empty tin (see photo)
Needless to say to spend $150 for 3 people and be this hungry after eating was a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.
DO NOT ORDER DELIVERYEverything is fine until something goes wrong with your order. This wasn't the first time something went wrong with my order. Today, I ordered on their website for delivery and my food never came!! They blamed door dash and says it happens all the time and they take no responsibility. Terrible customer service, under trained staff, no corporate office to contact. The manager gave us a random store in NY as the corporate number. Then when we called back they told us they don't give out corporate information. This place is a sham scary to think how they handle the actual food.Hook and Reel management didn't seem to concern that someone fraudulently order 421 dollars worth of food on my door dash account. All they care about is filling the door dash tickets that come in, and that the credit card clears.Our meal was awesome!! Service was great and the food was so yummy. The sauces have tons of flavor. The drinks were good too. I liked that they had a nice outdoor dining area and the tables were spaced nicely apart. The lobster bisque was also tasty and I'm a bit of a soup snob. My crab legs were cooked well. There were a couple sections that were a tad overdone but nothing to complain about. Still very yummyThe wait was long, but well worth the wait. Got some good recommendations from Chef Paul. The food was prepared well and it was delicious. Looking forward to the next time.I will be short . Visiting  this week on Wednesday afternoon. Nice clean environment, lots of parking spaces... very welcoming staff  . The food was 2 shrimp basket ( one with regular fries and the other with cajun fries) , one clam chowder and a lobster bisque,. Presentation was great, soups delicious but shrimp lacked serious flavor. We ended up using the soup as a dip. The shrimp was fried perfectly just fell on seasoning.The food and service was excellent. Malik was the best waiter explained everything on the menu to us. We'll definitely be coming back.Folks, I've thrown out the bad money at this place, don't use your good money to chase something that won't be there.  Save your time and money, you're worth it.  This soon to be shuttered joint isn't.
I really try not to give out a lot of five stars or one stars.  One star is reserved for establishments that should not be in the food and beverage business.
Normally, I'd give this place two stars.  Except they committed one inexcusable sin (details to follow).
In theory, an interesting concept, Cajun Seafood boil.  In execution, a VERY poorly re-purposed "Famous Dave's" remodeled on a shoe string budget.  In fact, the entire operation is on a miser's stipend and it shows at every facet.
Food:  Very low quality, clearly all of this was institutionally sourced, seafood previously frozen (you don't freeze, thaw and serve raw oysters).  Chowder was quite probably generic Campbells.  Razor clams also clearly previously frozen, placed in a bag with "broth", potatoes, and an ear of corn and lovingly nuked in a plastic bag.
Service was extra ordinally slow, 2:30 on a Friday afternoon in January, in attentive, in-experienced, and all in all a poor unprofessional episode.
WHAT EARNED ONE STAR:
My cocktail.  I ordered a Bombay martini.  Admittedly I can be very specific, but witnessing how bumbling our server was, I'd be glad to settle for a chilled glass of Bombay, no vermouth, no "stirred", no garnish, that's how low my expectations were.  I literally asked for a Bombay Martini, nothing else.  Even a rocks glass with Bombay on ice would have passed that incredibly low bar.  Impossible to screw that up, right?
When it arrived, I realized that I should have asked for "a clean glass".  The rim of the glass was caked in what appeared to be dirt.  Since my cocktail arrived at the same time as our entrees, (which makes it SO much easier for the server, and that's what dining out is all about), it was never checked up on and we didn't see our server again.  
At the end of the meal, I pointed out that I wasn't served Bombay, and that the glass was filthy, I was told that this was sugar and salt?!?!?!  (Possibly true, but would you taste check something that looked like filth?)  I told the server I was certain I hadn't ordered that (I'd never even dreamt of it in my worst nightmare) and was responded to with a shrug of the server's shoulders.
I was charged $13.00 for a glass of Bombay Sapphire (not Bombay) in a filthy glass that made it undrinkable.
The only way I'd consider re-visiting this joint was if they'd throw a paper bag with my $70 through my car window as I slowly drove by the front of their "restaurant".  Not just a bad experience, a shameful one.Great food and great service! The menu has so many great options and I loved my po boy sandwich! I will definitely be returning!Really nice atmosphere, server we had was really good and polite. Prices were pretty standard for seafood. Would def go backI went there on my birthday with my cousin and it was a pretty nice experience. We dined inside. So we had waited for a while. It wasn't that bad. 
For the drinks we ordered the cocktails: over the top margaritas and Fantacee. They put the alcohols in the plastic cups now because of the Covid 19. The margarita was good. But for the fantacee, I didn't really taste the alcohol, probably because the juice was too fruity. So I asked for an extra shot, it was way better after I put the shot in it. 
The appetizer was flounder basket with Cajun fires. I gotta day I love their fries!!! It tasted so good! Th flounder and the fries were both crunchy. Definitely good for drinking. 
For the entree, We had the combo with the snow legs and scallops. I added noodles and picked the Cajun blend sauce. It comes with potatoes and corn. The sauce was so tasty and flavorful. The legs were ok. The scallops were good. Maybe I just prefer scallops. The noodles with that sauce was amazing. I recommend add noodles in your seafood platter. 
Our server was patient and attentive. He came to ask us if everything's good for few times. In short, it was a great experience dining there. My cousin and me were happy with the foods and service and the restaurant environment.Hi all!! I cannot stress enough how much everything you could possibly wish for on a night out for dinner came true at this establishment!! From the time we walked in, the host's were very warm and welcoming... we were sat immediately. Our server, Malik, greeted us promptly and pleasantly. And literally, gave us a quick, but thorough overview of the entire menu. I can go on and on about it but you just need to see for yourself!   The food was hot, fresh, efficient and very well seasoned.  I recommend the hook & reel, Fire blend.  It's to die for.  The fire season definitely has a bite but not overpowering at all.  We will definitively be back along with the rest of our people!!!  I cannot speak highly enough of the place; employees, service, friendliness of the staff, price for the quality and quantity of the food and last but certainly not least the food.  Also it's nicely decorated and very clean!I definitely enjoyed my time here! The crabs and shrimps was amazing. I'm a spicy eater and nothing is spicy towards me, but I had their spicy garlic butter; it was AMAZINGGG! It definitely had my mouth tingling. Next time I'm going to try their crawfish. 
My server iyana/Ayanna (forgot how to spell her name) she was a help, because it was my first time there and I didn't know what to get.We had dinner last night 7/2/21 at the Columbus Blvd. location and let me tell you the food was ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE!!!! I ordered clams and black mussels together with a garlic butter sauce. My food came out wrapped in a plastic bag. At first I thought I was given someone else's take-out order. The bartender, who was great, informed me that is how the dish is served. Ok, so after unwrapping it I looked at my seafood and saw that it was covered in huge chunks of raw garlic. The same for my husbands entree. He went through the task of scraping off the garlic just to eat it. A guest should not have to do that. I could barely get through mine. Doesn't anyone in management look ,let alone taste any of the food coming out of that kitchen!!! I like garlic but not chunks of it, enough to give anyone an upset stomach. We sat in a booth in the bar. We didn't want to sit in the dining room because it was empty, dirty, and the lighting was dark.The only good thing about my experience here was the clam chowder, the cocktails, and the bartender. I would include her name but I forgot it. She was amazing and very sympathetic!!!Good food for a new spot. Food was fresh and Annie's service was great!!!! Lobster bisque is Awesome.I would like to review the food but never got to that point. Waited 15mins and not one person came over to take our order not even a drink order. Very sad for a new restaurant that had at thaT time two other people in it.I had the opportunity to visit on a Friday night. The Hook and Reel is located in the space of what use to be a barbecue restaurant. Parking is plentiful and the restaurant is spacious so there was not that long of a wait on the night we went.
I server was prompt with introducing himself and I appreciate how he wrote his name on our table paper ccp very so that we could remember is name. 
The menu here is pretty simple.  There are apps,  an entree section and a separate dessert menu. We ordered apps and drinks first. These consisted  of crab  balls and fried calamari. My blue fruity drink was very good andd my date really enjoyed the crab balls. I thoughtt the fried calamari had great flavor but were a little over cooked. 
For entrees we order Cajun seafood books and a flounder po boy. Unfortunately the flounder on the po boy was really then so it over cooked during the cooking process. This is a shame because thee veggies, sauce and roll for the sandwich were all fresh and tasty.
To order the crab boils you select your seafood, sauce and spice level. I had a boil that included shrimp, scallop and snow crab. It also came with a half corn cob and two potatoes. My garlic butter sauce was very good. Although I asked for spicy I did not think it was unbearable. The seafood in my boil was good. My only issue is  the crab did not seem as fresh and had a slight after taste. My date agreed with me. Also the corn had a wonderful flavor from sitting in my sauce but was unfortunately a little over cooked. 
Dessert was delicious. We shared the berry crepe  brûlée. 
My experience here was not bad. I do feel like if you are going to build your rep on seafood you should be spot on. Especially crabs. I'd definitely return but I'd stay away from the items that weren't so good the first time.First time I ate there today..
Recommend by my daughter and her husband. 
I have to say that I really enjoyed my Seafood. 
I took my Mother because she LOVES CRABS
I had the Dungeness Crabs Clusters
Boil and Lobster bisque, 
Mom had Snow Crabs Boil.
The Seafood was seasoned just right, the food was Delicious. 
I will return again and again 
Very happy customerFood was really tasty. Atmosphere was great for the entire family and staff was very friendly.Food was excellent but service needs to improved. We wait a long time for a server to come over no one did tell I finally asked for one. Had to request everything from silver ware to napkins. But very pleased with food. Would have been 5 stars had service been better!!Server Malik was AMAZING!!!!!! and the food was great and came out quick. Me and my family will be back!The food here is not bad. But the seafood wasn't so fresh. The taste was off by a little. But over all food was okay, just not as favorable as expected. I would give this place a 3.5 stars. The fries were pretty crunchy as if they were from Burger King.