I should start by saying I have high expectations when it comes to vegetarian food. 
I was looking for a place that was a bit more upscale than some of the other restaurants on/near South Street, and one with really inventive vegetarian food and found Horizons. It was a Thursday night and we didn't have a reservation, which we were told was going to be a two hour wait. The hostess gave us the option of sitting at a small table near the bar area, which we took over waiting. 
Even sitting so close to all of the waitstaff the service was very slow. I also felt the atmosphere was a bit pretentious, although I couldn't explain exactly why. I just didn't get a welcoming vibe from the waiters/the restaurant itself.
My mom and I split 5 appetizers, which was enough food for both of us. We had the Pho, which was lacking - "wood grilled shiitakes" was one mushroom; there were hardly any noodles. Otherwise we had the potebello capaccio, the salt roasted golden beets, the smoked eggplant empanada (very doughy if you are into that), and the Vietnamese tacos. We both agreed the tacos were the best thing we ordered, and they were really good. The other appetizers weren't much to speak of. 
I'm glad I checked it out, but I wouldn't go back or recommend it to my veggie friends.Their avocado spinach salad makes me happy. I had the seitan, which, although flavorful, wasn't my kind of texture (I'm a texture eater. My husband said it was crazy delicious, though) A friend at the table had some sort of crazy delicious risotto, if I went back, I'd get that again. 
Also, you would never know the desserts were dairy free. Delish!i done took my own advice and got back here for dinner last nite (just 4 days left, people!!) and am soooo glad i did.
on this visit, my dining companions - yelper kathleen D and the soon-to-be-yelping adrienne V - and i decided to do something unusual for all of us: we ordered 2 of the SAME app for sharing! crazy, i know, but after eying it up on another table and hearing kathleen sing its praises, we knew that just one order of the salt roasted beets split 3 ways wouldn't be enough, especially without a future opportunity to get it again [sigh]. good call on our parts as we finished every last bite of the beautifully stacked beets, tofu, avocado, capers & accompanying dill sauce (perfect for dipping the complimentary bread when the pumpernickel runs out!)
we continued the sharing when the entrees arrived, passing around the plates of maitake mushrooms, grilled seitan and the eggplant & cauliflower braciole. oh, and a side of crispy cauliflower with pickled ramps because, well, why not? with each forkful, we found ourselves exclaiming how amazing everything was, how difficult it is to find such innovative vegetarian cuisine, how sad we were that horizons is closing.
tho full, we had to share just one more thing: dessert! we opted for the lavender cheesecake which was creamy, light, and mind-bogglingly VEGAN. having paced our meal well (we were the very last table to leave...), none of us felt too stuffed upon leaving. it was, in a word, perfect.after hearing about Horizons for years, i finally went on Wednesday night. while the food was delicious, i had hoped for a bit more inventiveness...
i was disappointed that 2 of the entrees were basically blocks of tofu, while other options were the expected mushrooms and seitan.
that said, my tofu (Pacific Rim Grilled Tofu -spicy gochujang glaze, edamame potato purée, japanese eggplant and pea leaf salad, smoked miso broth) was wonderfully grilled w/ a great smoky flavor. the edamame mash that it rested upon was delightful even if the broth was a bit salty.
the other stand out was the Yucatan Chopped Salad (shredded romaine & baby spinach, poblano, cilantro, corn, avocado and chayote, smoked black olives, guajillo lime vinaigrette)
we also tried their version of a Margarita, which tho it had jalapeno could've had a bit more bite.
i'll go back again, but definitely a different season in hopes of some more inventive Vegan offerings.
P.S. but i think we saw Moby walk in while we were there....(4.5 Stars)
The best way to persuade a vegetarian teetering on the edge of carnivorous dining  to eat meat is to take said person to Horizons...
...because that BBQ seitan is just so damn delicious. It's enough to make a vegetarian of a decade or so want to cross over and eat copious amounts of pulled pork, chicken wings, and anything meat glazed with BBQ sauce. (It's that sort of savory, melt-in-your-mouth phenomenon of southern sweet county fair BBQ with a sophisticated edge.)
The best way to persuade a vegetarian teetering on the edge of carnivorous dining to become a full fledged vegan is to take said person to Horizons...
...because the Salt Roasted Golden beets are a beautiful twist on Ahi Tartare, and just as luscious...
...the Cauliflower and Smoked Eggplant Braciole could persuade any defiant three year old to "eat your vegetables" without fuss. Three cheers for vegan lasagna without slimy, tough pasta sheets and crazy amounts of cheese.
Oh yes, and as far as bottled beers go, try the Organic Green Tea beer. It's crisp, slightly bitter, but more so in that green tea way than in the beer way. Plus it's the perfect complement to your good-for-the-environment dining experience.A vegetarian restaurant could not get any better. Tropical, elegant, amazing food. The prices are worth it! The jamaican bbq seitan wings are soooo good....however the best thing on the menu is: the Grilled Seitan dinner with organic grilled spinach and yukon mashed potatoes with a creamy sauce. Ahhh...it's as close to a religious experience as I will ever get. The seitan tastes like juicy char-grilled chicken. They don't skimp on the portions either. They also give you awesome foccacia with garlic rosemary oil before you order. 
If you decide to go all out here, it will be expensive. My advice: skip everything else and just get the grilled seitan ($20). You won't be disappointed. Also, they have a cookbook that is really nice to have. I've made the bbq seitan wings at home for 4th of July to the raves of my friends.Great restaurant - didn't miss the meat one bit!  Plus, they have great outdoor seating for those pleasant summer nights.  The cauliflower rice was tasty, with just the right amount of caramelized bits in it.  The barbecue'd carrot on the plantation plate was tasty - I felt like Peter Rabbit eating that cornbread dusted stick (although I have to say, I'm not sure how I feel about the name - plantation plate...).  The cocktails were also very tasty, if a little expensive.
The only complaint is the slightly slow service.  Took a while to get our orders taken and the check... but that could just be the type A NY'er coming outta me!This is a great restaurant for vegans, vegetarians and meat eaters alike.  I am not a vegetarian, but my boyfriend is and we love to eat here.  Everything I have had here has been wonderful, but the one thing that stands out in my mind was a vegan chilled cucumber soup.  I have been trying to replicate it since I had it there last summer.  So delicious.  Also had a great meal on New Years Eve- many courses and wine pairings with every course.  Worth every penny.
We have never had anything that we didn't like here.  I highly recommend it.An intimate dinner setting, also with a lounge downstairs that serves tapas instead of a full menu.  The dining area only has a handful of tables, so definitely make reservations.  I wasn't able to make reservations but a quick check never hurts, and my friends and I were lucky enough to get a table.  The menu was inventive and a little bit difficult to know what kind of flavors to expect, but the waiters were great at explaining the dishes.  We ordered the hummus appetizer -- the hummus was green and served with rice crackers instead of the traditional pita.  Aside from the color, the hummus was ok, but the other dip (no idea what it was) redeemed the dish.  They also served homemade focaccia along with a dip that was great.  All of the entrees we ordered were fabulous, although the wait was a bit long.  I was impressed because the portions seemed small but it was very filling. The ambiance was fabulous though -- the decor (everything down to their own pens) and atmosphere were finishing touches to the meal.You know,  I liked Horizons. My gentleman friend and I went here for our anniversary last year, and it was lovely - the tapas were a highlight. I had a roasted beet thing that i loved. Then the main meal came, and while gentleman's meal was fantastic, mine was good. Which isn't to say i didnt enjoy it, because I did - It just didn't wow me in a way that i dream of it late at night (as other restaurants in the city have affected me in the past).  The wines were as delicious as the tapas, the service was fantastic, and i enjoyed the experience. I would go here again.who would have thought that philly was such a vegan/vegetarian-friendly city!  i came here for dinner on sat night, and i was the only non-vegetarian.  this is a vegan restaurant that is on the fancier/pricier end.  
the bread that comes out before the meal is delicious and like a foccacia w/ olive oil to dip.  i didn't have a starter, but everyone else did.  the mushroom crepe w/ truffle oil looked (and smelled!) particularly good.  for my entree, i was not that adventurous, and i had the pacific rim grilled tofu.  the tofu was really good and came on top of an edamame potato puree.  i'm not a huge seitan or tempeh fan, so i thought i would stick w/ tofu.  i tried the heart of palm cakes w/ ratatouille, and it was pretty tasty also.
they have a bunch of vegan desserts, and i heard the strawberry cheesecake was good.  i tried a bite of the coconut chipotle ice cream, and it was definitely interesting.I was really pleased with this little vegan joint. We just had 3 appetizers and they were tasty. The BRUSCHETTA was amazingly delicious. Order it, you wont be dissapointed. The PORTABELLA CARPACCIO was also a delight. The BEETS were good but not as heavenly as the last two. I also had the VAN GOGH, an alcoholic beverage with absinthe among other things. It was refreshingly nice.What am I gonna do without your golden beets?
 I keep thinking about the grilled seitan too. I'm a fan of seitan, but I've never ever had it so good. I'm thinkin about it piled atop the yukon mashed potatoes, spinach, and horseradish cream. A little red pepper tapenade up on ya... I'm telling you, it was so good. Nicely charred, juicy, flavorful seitan.... I couldn't shut up about it to my husband when he came home later that night. It was wrong of me. It really could come off like bragging. 
 I told him that if that if seitan of that caliber was made from an animal, I would hunt, kill and eat that animal everyday. It was supposed to be a high compliment, but certainly is just yet another insane thing to say.
Every single taste was delicious. The eggplant and cauliflower braciole was delectable covered in herby salsa verde, the wood-roasted maitake mushroom dish was amazingly rich and creamy, without cream...how do you do it? Smoky mushroomy goodness! More cauliflower is more better so some crispy cauliflower and pickled ramps were in order as well. Delicious. Everything. Delicious. Cheesecake? Delicious!
I kept repeating over and over how Horizons provides the best vegan food that I've ever had. It's beyond that though. It's just some of the best food ever. Beautifully prepared, gorgeous, satisfying, flavorful... All vegetables, all foods should be celebrated this well.
It was a great meal. I was in great company too. That means you, Blake and Adrienne :). I love sharers! Thanks wise Blake F. for this brilliant dinner plan.  Had to hit up Horizons one more time...
I think I'm gonna have to get the Horizons cookbook. What am I gonna do without those beets, I asked you?!
I will follow (stalk, whatever) these chefs' cooking. I will.
Now I'm looking out the window, across the street at Horizons. While my gaze is still incredibly creepy, it's also tinged with sadness... I'M GONNA MISS YOU HORIZONS!The food here is amazing, brought a non-veg friend and we both loved it.  Went back with another friend (we are both really critical) and found absolutely nothing to criticize.  I recommend this to anyone, vegetarian or not.Lately I've been dabbling into vegetarian food. So far I'm enjoying it but find it difficult to locate good veggie restaurants in the area. Most places think vegan food means salad, pasta or hummus in a pita. My search is over however! I have discovered Horizons.
Located in a quiet street in Philadelphia, Horizons is what every restaurant, vegan or not, should be. It has everything going for it. Cozy, inviting dining rooms, both on the ground floor and upstairs, attentive wait-staff, and good food. The star of this restaurant is the kitchen. The food here is near perfect. I've had dinner here nearly a half-dozen times so far and I have never been disappointed. The Jamaican BBQ Seitan appetizer is amazing. How do they make wheat gluten taste like barbecued pulled pork? Never mind thinking it's vegan food, it's just damn good food, the kind you want to lick the plate after eating what's on it!  They also do a grilled seitan as an second course which is equally tasty. I also recommend the Pacific Rim Grilled Tofu--very finely done up with edamame potato puree in a whisper of smoked miso broth. 
The first time I ate at Horizons I was surprised to see cheese cake on the dessert menu, so I ordered it. That a high-end vegan restaurant would serve dairy was curious, so I asked our waiter why a dairy dessert was on the menu. He told us that the cheese cake was completely vegan. Was I amazed. Being an ex-New Yorker cheese cake lover I could not tell the difference. So by all means, order the cheese cake when you go. You won't be disappointed.    
I do have one complaint however. I am one of those "must have a good martini before dinner" people so when I order a top shelf, VERY dry martini that's what I expect. Unfortunately that's not always what I got. Cocktail preparation is a bit iffy here. Sometimes I've gotten an excellent drink and sometimes I have not. So one minus for the bar. Drink orders aside, I recommend this place wholeheartedly. It is high-end vegan food that even a carnivore would enjoy. It is clear the menu here has been well thought out and researched; the food expertly prepared by very talented and knowledgeable chefs. I can't wait to get back there.You do not have to be a vegetarian or even a vegan to love this place. The food is just plain great. 
My brother-in-law, a solid meat eater who has lived in the south and the mid-west, stated that their Jamaican BBQ Seitan was the best BBQ he had ever had. 
You will not be disappointed.This place isn't good for a vegan restaurant, it's just incredibly good.  If you needs your hunk of dead animal, don't come here.  Otherwise, you will not be disappointed.  It's pricey, of course, but it's worth every penny.  The decor and service are great, too.If you're dining in the upstairs of Horizons, I can spy on you from my window down the street. Let that make you feel creepy for a moment before I launch into my praise-singing for this restaurant...
Been to Horizons a few times now and all visits were deliciously memorable. It'sall vegan and unbelievable. Sure I've had plenty of great veg foods in my time but this was out of the realm of "so good that I don't miss meat," and out of the realm of, " so good for vegan." It's just great food.
 The preparations are absolutely well thought out, beautifully presented, and most importantly, simply delectable...AND then you can feel good and healthy about your meal as a nice bonus...
Service has been consistently attentive and friendly and though I don't want to repeat that the vibe is cozy, it really is. It's warm and cozy and feels good bein there.
On our first visit we split a couple of appetizers and each ordered an entree, totally enjoyable but I prefered our game plan on our most recent visits when we ordered many appetizers to split and share. I don't know if it's just that tapas/small plates love has seized my soul or if it's just that I can never make up my mind on one main dish, you know?
The menu seems to change, which is good and excitin, but my FAVORITE appetizer of all is their salt roasted yellow beets seems to be a regular... thankfully! Oh I could eat it every day, and then poetically strum a lyre about it or some shite. For real. It's served  sliced super thin with avocado, capers, smoked tofu, with pumpernickel bread and a light dill sauce... Get that! Get it, I say!
Writing this review I'm lookin out the window, over to Horizons which isn't open yet, and I'm thinking that insteada leering I should get over there and eat some more!One of my favorite spots in the city, and I'm not even a vegetarian!
I've been here quite a few times over the past few years, and it has never 
disappointed.  The BBQ Seitan is quite delicious, as are most other 
offerings on the menu. 
Reservations are best, although I've been seated quickly without.Horizons is incredible!!! I've been there twice in the past month and can't wait to go back!!! It's my current #1 favorite restaurant!!! Have nothing bad to say...they do it right all the way!! Oh, except that I wish they were open for lunch and brunch!!I I eat mostly vegetarian and would be Vegan if I knew how to cook it. I did just buy their cookbook off Amazon, and tonight I made a brussel sprout appetizer that I "made up on the fly" similar to their shaved brussel sprout appetizer on their menu...it was good, but theirs is WAY better! Even if you are a meat eater you will still love this place!!Wow.
I am not vegetarian but I thought I would treat my girlfriend since she misses out on sharing dishes when we go out.
I did not miss meat at all.  Partly that is because I ordered a delightful dish with a variety of mushrooms (which I love) and found each type uniquely prepared.  Her dish, a Pacific-inspired grilling of tofu with vegetables, was a hit as well.  
I feel I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the breads alone were enough for my taste buds, so when entrees came and raised the bar I was very satisfied.
Even the wines were great, my Syrah had a dry and powerful feel that went great with the spice of the mushrooms.  
We had a few downsides.  The desserts leave a lot to be desired, if you're not vegan skip it and find a decent place.  Our server was great though seemingly absent when it came time for us to pay the check!  Also when we asked where we could get a cab (I know, stupid tourists) the host seemed almost insulted to be bothered.
Otherwise, price and atmosphere were fine, can't afford every week but could go often.  I'd recommend eating upstairs if you get a choice, it was much quieter.I love the food at Horizon's but I don't go there often because 1) It's way overpriced and 2) It's too small and crowded.
I loved Horizons when they were located in Willow Grove.   I had hoped when they moved to their new location it would be bigger.  If you just go there on whim, you can't get a table.  It's not bigger and the prices are higher.  I highly recommend making reservations.
That being said, their food is amazing and the combinations are always interesting.  Their seitan is to die for.One of my very very few 5 star places.  I always forget how good it is.  Every time I go and I take that first bite I think to myself, "even better than I remember."  Everything on the menu is great.  Once in a small while, something will be just a BIT too salty but it's rare.  Can't wait until my next visit!
I hate getting dressed up for dinner.  I'm happy they opened up the bottom floor because it seems a bit more casual.Pomegranate martini.  Jamaican BBQ seitan.  Edamame mashed potatoes.  Three reasons you should come here immediately.
Their big plates are fine, but I actually love their small plates and sides.  I crave that seitan over here on the other side of the country!  And it's a place where it's actually pleasant to eat at the bar.  (Maybe because of proximity to aforementioned cocktail?)
True story: Last time I was there, a couple of weeks ago on a visit back East, some ladies were having a bachelorette dinner.  Horizons made a vegan penis cake for the occasion.  I bet their award from The Knot is already in the mail!Horizons was phenomenal every time I went!  I could definitely go vegan if these chefs prepared all my meals :)
Unfortunately, this establishment is now closed.  However, when I went in early summer, our server said they will soon [early Fall] be opening a new place further in town.  Not sure if it will have a vegan/vegetarian focus, but it'll probably be delicious!I'd give this 3.5 if I could. This place was GOOD, not great. I'm thinking maybe since the menu was seasonal that we came at an off time. I have no idea. 
I thought it was a bit unoriginal that 2 of the entrees on the menu were mainly tofu. Also, why try to mimic meat? Isn't the point of vegetarian / vegan cooking to celebrate the use of non-animal items? 
Wasn't thrilled with the bread in the beginning, the Vietnamese springrolls were good, as was the beet thing (forget what it was called) - we all agreed the appetizers were better than the entrees. 
Mom had the tart which was good, dad had the peppercorn tofu, and I had the hearts of palm with curries. No one really finished their entree. It just was not that exciting or flavorful.
Regardless, good service, and good atmosphere. We had beignets for dessert - they made my life. Super delicious.Pleasantly surprised.  Our wives took us here, and we were joking the entire walk over that we would have to head over to Barclay Prime afterwards to get some real food.  The food ended up being creative and very satisfying.  I will definitely return.I sleep on sausage links and drink chum (that is disgusting I apologize) so when I contemplated going to horizons I put a freeze dried piece of stake in a vacuum seal bag in my pocket. I tried the BBQ Seitan and was shockingly surprised. It was so good that after the meal I joined PETA and protested no fewer than 5 different causes that I cannot even remember. The food was great if not expensive... To all the carnivorous guys with the vegetarian girl friends this place is a great sanctuary.Ahhhhhh, Horizons makes me happy!  Last night I and a friend had the raw sampler, with an appetizer, entree, and dessert.  I said no mushrooms or onions, as per usual.  :)   The appetizer was thinly sliced radishes with (I think) a watermelon glaze, avocado puree with cilantro, and a grapefruit & arugula salad with herbs.  So good!!!  The entree was cauliflower risotto with a tomato sauce and a winter vegetable salad.  The risotto was perfectly spiced and the tomato sauce perfectly accented it.  The dessert blew my mind - it was a coconut cashew frozen cream scooped into orange slices and an orange sauce.  I highly, highly recommend trying this, even if you get some cooked food for your meal.  You must call ahead and ask for the raw items you would like.  Everything was beautiful, delicious, expertly prepared.  I am so proud and grateful of Horizons for offering such tasteful raw food, even on a day's notice.  Thank you!!!After eating at Horizon's in Montgomery County for many years I thought I would try the CC location when they moved.  I so wanted to love it again.  My first trip was a disappointment because the prices were much lower for the same dishes before the move.  On my second trip, much of the same. Dishes were pretty but a bit of a disappointment flavorwise.  Portions were small for the price and the waitstaff did not engage the patrons.  A vast difference in decor from the colorful island fun vibe of the old place to the quiet austere setting of the new one.  Higher rents equal higher prices I guess.   There are so many places in Philadelphia, as well as the surrounding counties, where you can get a fantastic vegetarian meal and they will also switch out some ingredients for vegans.  If you don't mind eating with carnivores check out some of the standard CC restaurants, who also have very tasty veg dishes on their menus (without a pretentious atmosphere).This is one of my favorite spots in the city to dine. For Valentine's Day, my boyfriend and I ordered the seitan rueben sliders and I swear to god it was one of the best things that I have ever tasted. I would rank it up there with some of the most delicious non-vegetarian plates that I have had as well. I am not a vegan, nor am I a vegetarian, but  I do love good food and healthier cuisine (if it tastes good) is always a plus. 
There is one major problem with this place though. They change their menu too frequently.  Sounds like a real luxury problem, but it's true. We talked about those sliders for two weeks and went back for them specifically. Sadly they were gone. This has happened with several dishes that we both liked. One of the hosts, a friend of mine, says that this is not the first time she's heard this complaint. It's an issue in my opinion because I would seriously go back once a week for that one dish. Alas, it has been several months. Oh well.
Sound advice: Don't get too attached to any one dish.Holy stomach ache.  Too much veg protein.  How about a few more options that feature good old-fashioned vegetables?  Almost every dish featured either tofu, seitan or tempeh, which makes the menu seem very limited and one-dimensional.  There are lots and lots of vegan ingredients out there!  
I will say that the apps were outstanding.  I had the duo of golden beets which turned out to be a play on "smoked salmon and caviar."  One component was very thinly sliced golden beets on rye toast with smoked tofu with a delicious creamy dill sauce.  Then there was a shallow timbale of diced beets topped with faux caviar made of seaweed.  Delicious and creative.  My fellow diner had a sopa de tortilla which was also very good.
For the entree, I had grilled seitan with raosted red pepper relish, mashed yukon golds, grilled spinach and a creamy horseradish sauce.  The dish had real potential, but they went so heavy on the grill marks that all I could taste was nasty burnt carbon.  I know it's tough to flavor seitan but I'd prefer bland to burnt.  The other dish at the table was the Pacific Rim tofu, which suffered from the exact same problem.  Seriously, its time to clean your grill.
Dessert was absolutely horrendous.  We had a chocolate-covered peanut butter cake with peanut butter "ice cream."  The cake was inedibly dry and very oddly spiced.  The "ice cream" tasted like a big dollop of refrigerated Jif.  It took me five minutes just to swallow it.  My friend and I each took one bite, and I was tempted to spit mine out into my napkin.  We left the dessert untouched on the table, but no one bothered to ask us if everything was ok.  They just brought the check.  
The service was fairly friendly, but very unprofessional.  They were out of the bottle of wine that I ordered, which we didn't discover until five minutes after ordering it.  Not that big a deal, but it meant that I had to sit there with a wine list in my lap because the appetizer had already arrived before the wine.  Then, the waiter forgot our side of grilled spinach and never came by to check on us so that I could ask him for it.  Then, as I said, no one asked us why our dessert went back to the kitchen untouched. 
The bill for this wholly unsatisfying vegan meal was upwards of $130 before tip, which was really excessive considering the lack of exotic, or even interesting ingredients.  The markup on wine was huge too.  
Needless to say, I will never see the inside of Horizons again.The ONLY  thing I don't like about Horizons is that I'm too poor to eat there on any regular basis.  That's it.
Every single dish I've ever had at Horizons, I've loved.  Appetizers, entrees, desserts, you name it.  I especially love their seitan dishes.
And can we talk about the little bread slices that come in the fancy spirally thing?  I could eat the entire thing myself, but then I know I won't have room to devour my entree.
Finally, let me add that I took my 85-year-old grandmother and extremely picky mother here, and both of them thought it was the best restaurant they'd been to in ages.  Neither one is vegan.
This review is making me want to go to Horizons again really soon.  Good thing I get paid this week.I never thought I would eat at a vegan restaurant, especially an upscale one.  Since i started dating a vegetarian, my eyes have been opened!  We went to Horizons for our one year anniversary, and I was amazed by the flavors in the dishes we ordered.
I ordered the BBQ grilled seitan and he had the Jamaican Jerk seitan.  I also got the special soup with smoked chilies and an avocado crema.  I never thought to use avocados for a creamy flavor in place of dairy!  The barbecued smoky flavor in the grilled seitan was so amazing I couldn't believe it.  At the risk of sounding cliche, it tasted like chicken!  
The service was great, despite being a busy evening we were seated quickly and every need was attended to.  We had so much food we had leftovers, and my boyfriend loved the food so much he ate mine and I was truly disappointed!  I know we will return to this restaurant because there are not many places in Philly we can go where he can have anything on the menu.Can't say enough great things about this place.  Such a cozy atmosphere... great place for an intimate dinner with friends or a date.  
The Porcini Shepherd's Pie is a must... so much flavor - black trumpets, portobello, truffled celery root puree, and grain mustard sauce.  I'm all hot and bothered just thinking about it.
Definitely make reservations.  You'll be waiting at the bar for a while if you don't.We've been to Horizons several times now. My husband loves the saeitan with potatoes, and my favorite is the parsnip pierogies. We even like to go just for dessert. Overall, Horizons is a great place to get all the fancy vegan fare that we, at home, do not know how to make!I hate to be a wet blanket on this love fest, but this place isn't anything extraordinary.  The food is much better than other vegan food to which I've been subjected - but that isn't saying much.  
I had a tempeh brick with crusty garbanzo bean stuff on the outside, surrounded by yellow lentil mush.  The lentils were great. The tempeh was kind of edible. 
My comrade had grilled seitan, which tasted like really fatty chicken - or maybe pork - and was unsettlingly similar in appearance and texture to unagi. I can enjoy almost anything that tastes good - which it did - but it was f*cking weird. 
The cocktail menu was creative and the service was friendly.  My friend remarked that the decor and muzak made her feel like we were in the suburbs - maybe even in a suburban mall. 
In short: for vegan food, I guess it's fine.  But it isn't nearly as good as any of the great restaurants for omnivores in this town.  And, come to think of it, I'd choose Maoz over this place any day of the week.I've been a vegetarian for about 13 years, and I can honestly say this is the best vegetarian food I have ever eaten.    There is so much flavor, and the ingredients are fresh.  I've tried several menu items and I have not been disappointed.  My husband, who is not veggie, loves it too.  Since it's a little pricy, we only go for special occasions, but it really makes me look forward to my birthday!Don't let naysayers put you off.
This restaurant is one of the premiere vegan eating establishments in the world.  I have eaten in vegan restaurants in the UK, Australia, the US, Spain, France, Ireland, the Netherlands and many more places and the food at Horizons is simply superb.
Best dish: mashed potato with seitan covered in a horseradish sauce.  Too dreamy.
And if you are vegan and love wine, no dramas here.  Same can be said for the cocktails.  The staff know what makes a drink vegan and the restaurant has an impressive selection of libations.
I love this place so much I even have their cookbook!While I am DEVASTATED that they closed, I consider myself fortunate to have sampled their food when I had the chance. We went there on a nice thursday evening and they were bustling with people. We started off with their portabello carpaccio, which was flavorful and beautiful presented, and the BBQ seitan, which was delicious and well complemented by a simple black eyed pea salad. For the main course, the hubby ordered the Pacific Rim Grilled Tofu which he absolutely loved, and I relished as well. My favorite part of it was the combination of the edamame puree with the gochujang. I had the Steak Spice Seared Tofu which was hearty and good but both of us liked the hubby's entree better. We ordered the kimchi potato salad as a side which we happily devoured! We were stuffed by then, but we HAD to sample their desserts. The hubby got the chocolate beignets with cold coffee. He loved the beignets; I had my first cold coffee in 2 years. To say that that my lavender cheesecake was one of the most spectacularly delicious things I ever tasted would be an understatement.  Our waitress was polite when she appeared (which wasn't very often) and drinks could have been better, but I am more than happy to conveniently ignore it. All in all, it was one of the most memorable meals I've had. I can't wait for Vedge (the owners' new venture) to open!Amazing gourmet vegan cuisine. The best you can get in the city. Everything on the menu is vegan and incredible. You could easily take an omni here and they'd enjoy it just as much as you. 
The menu changes seasonally and is always a surprise. Don't skip out on dessert. They're always wonderful. 
Be sure to make a reservation.Best Vegan Food I've Had.
I'm not a vegetarian or an adherer to a vegan diet, but the food at Horizons was pretty darn good and presented very nicely.
The Squab and I, along with her H.S. friends dined here back in Dec 2007.
I don't remember much about the meal, but the appetizers and entrees were all very good.  You don't want to come here dressed down because it's a nice restaurant.For being a vegan place- it was one of the best meals I have ever had in Philly, We were there for a lactarded friend's birthday and we shared a bunch of appetizers & 2 main courses & 3 desserts-- and really, you can't go wrong with ordering anything here, it's all amazing. If there is Seitan on the menu- GET IT. It was a stand-out favorite between all four of us. I want to go back & try the things we didn't order!!! the desserts were just as impressive- I mean- how do you make a cheesecake _that good_ without any milk?? Get a few & share. 
The ambiance & atmosphere was also very agreeable. Definitely a sweet date spot if you have a vegan hottie to impress. Wait staff was also very helpful with helping us pop our vegan cherries.I'm going to make this short and sweet because as we all know they closed down. 
This was a great places for vegetarians and a lot of us will morn the loss of such an amazing vegetarian restaurant. 
Their food was thoughtful and unique and I'm not sure that anything else will ever compare. The drinks were pretty amazing too! 
I will probably never have better bbq seitan, but I am really looking forward to Vedge opening and trying them out. 
Oh and I put them at 4 stars because the service was truly horrible the week they were closing, which is to be expected, but still not pleasant.I love meat.  I believe that if God wanted us all to be vegetarians, he never would have created meat.  So therefore I was skeptical about the food at this all-vegan establishment.
But I was wrong.  I was wrong because this place makes tasty vegan dishes that, get this, TASTE JUST LIKE MEAT.    It's like those morningstar chicken nuggets that are made out of soy or tofu or whatever, but taste more chicken like than Chicken McNuggets.   The tempeh enchiladas were delicious.  Tempeh could have been produced in a test-tube for all I care.  I have no idea what it is or what it is made out of...   all I know is that it is vegan, it tastes just like pulled pork, and it is mighty tasty.Good:
Best gourmet vegan food in Philadelphia
Starter bread is addictive (you can ask for more, but they don't tell you that)
Servers are knowledgeable
Not So Good:
Be prepared to spend your next paycheck
Reservations (up to one week in advance) generally required
You can get better desserts for less at Govinda's a few blocks over (Broad St. and South St.)My favorite restaurant in Philly.  Truly in a league of its own.  
The Jamaican BBQ Seitan is glorious and my constant crush.  
The Pan Seared Tofu is amazing: fresh chickpeas, ramps, and abalone mushrooms, garbanzo hash, truffle mustard sauce.  Oh my !
All of the deserts are beautifully executed.  And the cocktails are tasteful and always have a strong kick.I'm not a vegetarian per say- I simply live with one. So I've broaden my palate andnow like tofu and seitan. Horizons is the first restaurant I've been to that serves really great food which happens to be vegan. And as someone with a dairy allergy, I feel like I can have anything I want there and not worry about my throat closing up later. And it's good food- very good food. The pan fried tofu was cripsy and flavorful. The golden beet salad tangy and incredibly seasoned. My man had Jamacian BBQ seitan ( a hot wings subsitute) and  it was sweet and sour and just oh so good. The drinks can be fun too- we had a pitcher of sangria made with grapes and pomogrante juice ( is that spelled correctly hmmm). I say go there- vegetarian, vegan or how bout just plain hungry?Forget the vegan / vegetarian thing...it's just great food!  They don't do the fake meat thing.  They make tasty dishes from ingredients that do not involve animals in anyway whatsoever.  Ask your server for some suggestions and enjoy a gourmet meal.  There is a great selection of beers and wine too.I know I'm reiterating what everyone else has said but wow, I was really impressed by Horizons.  I'm not vegan or even vegetarian and I loved it.  Despite the great reviews I was a bit skeptical at first.  How could any dinner be great with no meat or cheese?  It was though, I didn't feel like I was missing out on anything.  I had the Pacific Rim Grilled Tofu as my entree.  I normally don't even really like tofu but this was delicious, I ate every bit.  For dessert I had the beignets...yum again.  The beer list is a bit limited but the waiter recommended the Voodoo White Magic which was good. I also like the cozy atmosphere of the upstairs dining room.  I would definitely dine here again!Alright, Horizons served me up the best vegetarian meal I've ever had in a restaurant; it was spendy, sure, but everything about the food and drinks was excellent. Of course, I could gripe about how much space was between the tables in the restaurant, but that'd just be me wishing this place were in cramped Manhattan, where you have 18 inches of space between your two top and the four top next to you. Anyway, if it were in the city, I'd be paying twice as much to eat there. Thankfully the restaurant is far, far away in Philly, which is nice, cuz otherwise it'd break my bank.
I'm going to go into a bit more detail on what my friends and I ordered; things were good enough that I want to remember 'em. We each got a cocktail or two and an appetizer and an entree. 
For cocktails I got a standard sazerac, which wasn't on the menu but which the tender made for me; it was solid, and they charged me only for a rye, which was a nice surprise. I followed the sazerac with an elder sage, which I would make myself at home to drink over the next couple of sweltering months--if I could remember what was in it: basically Hendricks, some herby liqueur, and a sage leaf. Tasty. Friends got some sweet bourbon drinks that I didn't taste, and a very well made corpse reviver, which I did.
My appetizer was golden beets atop avocado and capers. Amazing. Friends got BBQ seitan and mushroom empanadas: also amazing, the seitan for the way it approached gen-you-whine fire-roasted, smokey-crispy animal flesh, and the tang of its sauce; and the empanadas for being deep fried mushrooms, thank you. 
For the entree, I got a heart of palms cake with lentils and curried squash; also quite good. But my friend's entrees really took the cake: seared tofu, which was some of the best tofu I've ever had, and the seitan, which had a texture so good it almost made me cry. For desert friends got beignets. Pretty tasty, or even awesome, but I don't really have a sweet tooth.
Oh look at that, a five-star restaurant. Go Horizons! Or, go _to_ Horizons.fantastic food!!!! yes its pricey, i agree, but its so worth it. the only problem i had with the place was that I went there for my birthday and my parents brought a vegan/gluten-free cake and they refused to serve to us because it wasn't from the restaurant. It def put a damper on the night (and that's weird customer service) but the food is undeniably amazing.I have been a vegetarian for the last 9 years.  In my 9 years of not eating meat have I ever come across a place this amazing!  
Food is amazing and inventive.  I would still go here if I was not a vegetarian.I wish I could eat here every night!  I am not vegan or vegetarian (nor am I a big meat eater), I just like good, flavorful food and Horizons has it.  
My favorite is the Grilled Seitan, which tastes so good, I think even a hardcore meat eater would approve.  The small plates are good for sharing over a few laid back drinks at the downstairs bar.
Horizons also has a great (vegan) beer selection, which includes some locals, some micro-brews from other parts of the country, and some imports.  You won't find the typical imports you see everywhere else, which is a huge plus.This is the best food, vegan or otherwise, I've ever had. I keep thinking about this place, like it's my lost lover. Everything was artfully prepared and presented with top-quality service. The golden beet tapas were succulent and its accompanying edamame puree just amazed me. The portobella carpaccio was delicate and tender. The Bourbon BBQ tempeh was filling and tasty, but I found that the Pacific Rim Tofu was tastier and had better side dishes (ponzu brocolini, edamame mash). For dessert, make sure to try their cheesecake or their chocolate peanut butter ice cream brownie, both of which were world-class. 
The prices are high, but the quality of the food is five-star gourmet and worth every penny. This is a great, fancy place to take a date (upstairs level) or a hip, friendly place to get a drink and some light dishes (on the lower level). 
For this vegan, Horizons is the top restaurant in the US, and easily beats would-be competitors like Candle 79 and Millennium.I heard it was closing.  If that's the case, that's a great loss for the city.  Been going here since it was out of town in Willow Grove.
It's expensive, but no more than comparable gourmet places.  The food is just tremendous, service very good, and ambiance lovely.  I'm a dedicated animal eater, but would go here every day if time and finance allowed.Considered to be the "swanky" vegan restaurant of Philly. My sister (who is a vegan) and I (pescetarian) went to eat there last week. First of all, we went on a tuesday night at 8:30, the place was PACKED! With people from all  ages and backgrounds--so that was a good sign. We ate at the bar and ordered the 5-course chef's tasting menu for $45. We also ordered drinks. The drink I ordered I was less than impressed with, but it was okay. Our meals were pretty good. Some of the food I enjoyed more than others. The parsnip and chestnut bisque was creamy and delcious. As a dairy-eater, I would not be able to discern if this had heavy cream in it. Next, we had the warm mushroom salad, I also enjoyed. It was a bit oily though, which took away from the "healthy" feel to it. I can't remember the last 2 dishes. But one of them had hearts of palm stuffed into a red pepper. Very nutty and creamy. My favorite part of the meal was dessert. OMG, we had the puff pastries filled with chocolate (aka Beignets). There was a side of hot drinking chocolate with a dollop of pumpkin cream. By far, the BEST part of the dinner. 
The one thing that I enjoyed about this restaurant over places such as Candle 79/candle cafe in NY or Sublime in Ft. Launderdale is that the food we had was not trying to pretend that its something that its not---such as a "fake" meat dish. the meals were vegetable and grain meals--not faux blt sandwiches or faux beef stroganoff. With that being said, I cannot imagine bringing my carnivore boyfriend here. But, bring your vegan, vegetarian and healthy eating friends and family here. You won't regret it!I can't believe that it took my vegetarian ass 6 years of living in Philadelphia before I took a trip to Horizons. My friend Josh suggested it for a group dinner to start my birthday weekend off right - and that it did. 
We arrived with a pretty large group (8) and while we had to wait a bit for our reservation, they gave us a great table in the center of the upstairs back room. I'm not used to making decisions when every menu item is a possibility, and it was a real treat. Between the group we ordered almost every item on the menu, and they were ALL delicious. I got a big kick out of all of my carnivore friends ooohing and ahhing over their dishes - no meat was missed! 
I also had some great mixed drinks. 
While it's a little pricey, and the art upstairs could use a major makeover, and the wait staff was SLOW (perhaps because they had a guaranteed  tip) the space was great, and the food was fabulous!I don't know what can be said about Horizons that has not already been said.  It's just absolutely delicious.
Like many of the other reviewers, I am by no means a vegan, but my meal here was probably one of my favorites ever in Philly.  My gf and I ordered the Jamaican BBQ seitan and the Purple Potato Fritters for our appetizer and the Pacific Rim Grilled Tofu and Pan Seared Peppercorn Tofu as the entrées.  The BBQ seitan was simply amazing.  I cannot even articulate how wonderful it tasted.  Everything else that we ordered was also first-rate in taste and preparation, but the seitan was out of this world.
Luckily for Horizons, I might actually say that the great meal is worth the pricey bill.  There is some validity in thinking something is "good" merely because it is rare/expensive - even though many places fail in trying to make this a self-fulfilling prophecy, Horizons actually succeeds in this.  It becomes a worthy treat with the food to back up the price.Okay,  Being a non vegetarian, I wanted to go to a vegan restaurant as much as I wanted to eat glass.  Knowing some vegans and seeing what they eat I was not too excited.
We ate at the bar, had some drinks.  It was crowded by we got lucky with seats.  Reservations on Friday and Saturday would be a good idea.  
The food was great, the BBQ Seitan and the Grilled Seitan were outstanding.  I was impressed.  A great restaurant to introduce meat eaters to vegetarian and vegan food.  I am excited to go back.I love meat!  I have never in my life before visited a restaurant that not only didn't serve meat...but no cheese?!?!?  I can honestly say that this was one of the best meals I have EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!  I was blown away at the flavors that were brought out in every single bite!  I wish I was someone who could really give you a breakdown of presentation, ambiance, service, etc...but I'm not.  All I can say is this: mad flavor, awesome wine and sticky toffee pudding.  Check it out!carnivores fear not, this food will not kill you. infact, it was outrageously delicious.Hubby and I came here on a whim on a Sat night. Not the smartest plan because they are always booked. We must have done something right because as soon as they sent us away for not making reservations (very kindly I may add) he came rushing after us on the street to tell us they just had a cancellation. 
We had to wait about a half hour but it was no problem as we were sans kids. We were seated in the front part of the restaurant that is dimly light and oddly decorated but comfortable. Our server was okay, not too willing to vouch for any one dish. I had to go with what was gluten free. I ended up with the Cauliflower & Smoked Eggplant Braciole which was good, not great. Hubby had the Pacific Rim Grilled Tofu which was awesome. Why does he always order the better dishes? Anyway, he shared. For some reason, I left still hungry which is odd because I don't have a huge appetite. We went across the street for some amazing rosemary and garlic fries, which I wrote about in another review. 
I liked Horizons but it didn't wow me. If I do plan to go again, I will be sure to call ahead.it was one of my friends bdays and since she was a vegetarian we wanted to take her out to a restaurant where there was a good choice of food. none of us had ever been to a vegan restaurant before but it seemed interesting and the reviews looked pretty good.
we were not disappointed! between four of us, we had ordered one of the salads (don't remember the name), the jamaican bbq seitan, and two of the grilled seitan entrees. they were all delicious esp loved the seitan dishes! i think the most expensive out of these was the entree which was $21 at the time we went. the others were around $10. the only thing that I didnt particularly like too much was the dessert - if i recall correctly it was the cheesecake they were offering at the time. given how good all the other food was, this could just be personal preference and maybe there were other desserts that tasted good.
the service was great and the servers were very attentive. the decor and atmosphere provided for a quieter and more intimate setting for dinner. i think we went on a weekday, so there were about only about two other dinner parties there that night. there was a bar located downstairs but only glanced by when walking upstairs to the actual restaurant. 
a little pricey to go for an everyday meal, but given the quality of the food, i would definitely return again !Absolutely delicious! What a wonderful restaurant. Amazing service and great atmosphere. The food was incredible-I did not feel like anything was too salty, too oily, too anything-cooked perfect.
My partner and I ordered two appetizers and a main dish to share: Salt Roasted Golden Beets, BBQ Seitan and the Pacific Rim Grilled Tofu.
We also split the dessert, ,four ways. 
I highly recommend this restaurant for everyone! Every dish can make anyone's taste buds happy. I'd also suggest this as a place for celebrations, holidays, anniversaries or just a really enjoyable night out.We visited Horizons for our first wedding anniversary after hearing so many good things, and it lived up to the hype.  Every chef in the city should visit here to find out that veg food does not need to be steamed or sauteed vegetables over rice or pasta.  It can be creative and bursting with flavor.  This is proof.
We started out with drinks (tasty mojito for me, a reisling port for my husband).  The bread was a flaky focaccia served with basil olive oil.  Both the bread and the oil were flavorful, not bland.  We ordered deviled oyster mushroom fritters as an appetizer.  My husband was sad when the plate was empty.  The plate was decorated with the creamed spinach, three fritters on top of that, with a bit of truffle cream on top of each fritter.  With each bite, we could taste each of the flavors distinctly, not muddled together.  So yummy.  
For the entrees, my husband had the grilled seitan and I had the peppercorn crusted pan seared tofu.  My (omnivorous) husband's not a fan of tofu, but finds seitan, when seasoned and cooked well, to taste just like meat.  A layer of mashed potato covered the plate with the seitan on top.  He ate the entire thing, in spite of being full before he was done.  My tofu was served on top of creamy orzo with tomatoes, fennel and tasty olives (not the typical canned olives either).  Again, the flavors each retained their distinct character, not getting lost or competing with the other flavors.  It was delicious, but I stopped half way through to save room for dessert.  (It reheated well also, as I found out last night when I finished the rest.)  
The dessert was blueberry cheesecake.  I haven't had cheesecake in years.  I make it for my husband, but I never use vegan cream cheese because that's a pretty important ingredient and figured you just can't make a good vegan cheesecake.  I was wrong.  This had the flavor and texture that I remembered, and my husband suggested that I figure out how to make one, as he'd be happy to eat vegan cheesecake if I could make it this good.  (That'll be a tough challenge that I'm not sure I'm ready to try yet.)
If you know a chef in the city that makes wonderful meaty food, please tell him or her to visit here to find out how great veg food can be if they just try.  This was absolutely the best food I've ever eaten in my life.  (And I haven't always been vegetarian.)  
The only negative was just slight.  The waiter was slow in visiting and returning to us, and never brought the additional bread my husband requested with his entree.  But that was only minor and forgivable.I love Horizons.  I think I had another review on here but I can't figure out what my other Yelp account username, email, or password was.
Every single omnivore and "vegetarian" I have taken with me to Horizons has loved it.  The waitstaff are all very friendly and I enjoy chatting with them.  The owners are awesome, too.  I normally get something raw, sometimes telling them that I'd like a general raw appetizer and entree.  It's always, without fail, beautiful, colorful, nutritious, and delicious.  [If someone thinks that the regular menu mimics meat-based foods too much, why not be adventurous and order raw with your reservation; you must tell them ahead of time]
I get nervous going to restaurants and ordering a raw meal at times, because many places think greens, oils, nuts, seeds, spices, and you end up with a salty & fatty meal.  I like to feel light after my food and get the most nutrition, so the more fruits/vegetables, the better.
This last time, I got a raw gazpacho with heirloom tomatoes.  And the entree, I don't even know if I could describe it accurately, but I stared at it for about a minute before I dug in, it was so georgous.  One item was a hollowed-out cucumber stuffed with dark lettuce and sprouts.  Then there was about 1/4 of a sliced avocado.  Next to that was I think a thinly slivered daikon radish roll stuffed with mint, lettuce leaves, and I think a few other items (soooo good!  the mint was divine), and then I also got some zucchini pasta (spiralized zucchini) with cherry-style tomatoes with a little basil and oil.  
It was very well-combined, with leafy greens and non-sweet fruits, not too oily or salty, and the chef has proven once again that I can trust him to create a dish for me without specifying much except "raw, no mushrooms or onions."I hate to bust Horizons' chain of eight 5-star reviews...
That's a lie. I'm glad to do it.  In fact, I'm being quite generous with the four stars.  
While I am omnivorous, I am a willing and, indeed, contented eater of vegan cuisine.  I am also the sort who licks her plate clean.
I dined at Horizons with a vegetarian marathon runner, and two omnivorous friends.  Only the veggie runner finished her food.  The portions were on the small side, and, if the food was a little more delicious, I am sure we all would have scarfed it down.  
I ordered the Hearts of Palm Paella, which was pretty tasty, but overwhelmingly salty.  My dining companions ordered the Pacific Rim Tofu & the Peppercorn Tofu (2x).  We started with the Vietnamese Bruschetta and the Deviled Oyster Mushroom Fritters.  The appetizers were definitely the best part.  
Maybe it's unreasonably nit-picky, but I have to say, I'm disappointed that Horizons doesn't seem to change their menu seasonally.  The dishes mentioned in reviews posted months ago are the same I saw on their menu a few nights ago.  If I'm going to drop $40 on dinner, a vegan dinner no less, I want the finest in seasonally available produce.
Service was good, though, and the wine list-- not bad! 
I know you vegans have it rough, so I'll be generous with Horizons.  But honestly, it tasted more "vegan lean cuisine" than "vegan haute cuisine."First off I am not Vegetarian or Vegan, but I love this place. I visited here a couple times and always enjoy it. It is a very small place so I recommend reservations. The staff are very friendly. They even let us come in early the first time I went there. The food is top notch and unique. If you are a vegetarian or vegan this place is a must go. If your not, I still recommend it as something different, cause you don't always need meat. If I could eat the food they serve all the time, I think I'd be vegan.I was disappointed. I've been to much better elegant vegan restaurants and was expecting much better foodAmazing - Innovative - Delicous. I have taken many carnivores there and always end the evening with them delighted and suprised. The menu is always updated and fresh. And the staff is fantastic, knowledgable and friendly. The chef's love of food shows through here- each and every timeHorizons is a high end vegetarian restaurant. Everything my wife and I had was awesome and some things, like the truffle oil sour cream, you wouldn't know were vegan unless they told you.  
I'm a vegetarian but my wife is not and we were both satisfied.  She said she didn't miss having something with meat in it.  We were too full to try the desserts, but they all looked very good.
I just wish that they had a tasting menu.The best vegan dinner I've ever had.  But the decor?  Very 1974.
First off, this was vegan food done right.  
Appetizers: Vietnamese tempeh tacos, with the smoothest tempeh I've ever had; and mushroom carpaccio that was perfectly thin and delicious
Entrees:  my grilled tofu was excellently cooked and accompanied by a delicious sauce and nice vegetables; but the grilled/smoke seitan with yukon potatos was out of this world.  Probably the best single vegan dish I've ever had.
Desserts:  incredible chocolate ganache-style pie and peanut butter ice cream; and a perfectly sweet peach cobbler, also with ice cream.
The staff was very nice and helpful. The only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars is because the place needs a serious makeover.  It screams 1970s meets Outsider Art meets Korean massage parlor.  Stylistically it's a mess.
But the food is not to be missed.Oh Horizons, you're just so cool and perfect, aren't you?
Normally I don't even bother reviewing places that have been reviewed 109 times before but this place really made an impression on me, so I'm forced to pontificate on behalf of finely executed vegan cuisine.
Everything we ordered was great. The bread was so good. My mushroom entree was great but was not as good as the hearts of palm or the pan seared tofu (I thought this was the best). The jerk seitan, vietnamese tacos and beet salad were great, too.
The desserts were the only area that reminded you that you're eating vegan. We ordered the chocolate beignets, creme brulee and the sticky toffee pudding. The only memorable dessert were the beignets. They were really good. The brulee tasted strange in a soybean way and there was really nothing "toffee" about the sticky toffee pudding. It tasted like apple cobbler -- but the egg nog ice cream it's served with was tasty.
It was great. Vegan or Carnivores should go and enjoy the amazing food made here.As vegetarians we were really excited to try this restaurant. However, as the night began, we were initially disappointed with the wait time. We had reservations at 8PM and arrived on time, but still had to wait for 20 minutes. Oddly enough, three parties that came after us were seated promptly. The hostess did not have any explanation as to why our table was not yet ready.
Once at our table our server did a great job explaining the menu and answering our questions.  We started off with the tomato soup which came with a delicious eggplant mousse, and the Jamaican bbq seitan which was one of the highlights of the night. As previous meat eaters, we found the taste and texture was spot on.  We also got the vietnamese tacos which we found to be decent, but more reminiscent of mediterranean flavors. The complimentary homemade foccacia bread was a nice touch but not the greatest we've had.
We quickly finished our appetizers and then waited for our waiter to return to the table to clear our plates and get our entree orders. It was 9:30, over an hour since we had been seated and ordered our appetizers, by the time our server decided to stop by our table. Our server cleared our plates and then disappeared for another 10 minutes before coming back with the menu to get our order. Had he been helping other diners we would have been more understanding, however he was standing by the bar talking to another server and we had to get his attention to come to us. Afraid that if we took too long looking at the menu, our waiter would disappear again, we ordered the moment he gave us the menu. We ordered the hearts of palm and grilled seitan as well as a side of bbq rutabaga. We both found the hearts of palm to be flavorful and unique. It was beautifully presented as well. Compliments to Chef Rich for using under-used vegetables and flavors so creatively. The grilled seitan was also well presented but the meaty flavors quickly became overwhelming. We both decided to not get desert-everything seemed appetizing but the night's slow service made us lose any appetite we had.
The food was certainly delicious, but the service was surprisingly poor and incredibly disappointing. We probably won't be coming back.
Food: 4 stars
Service: 2 stars
Overall: 3 starsI cajole everyone I know into going here, because so many people think vegan eating is joyless. At Horizons, it is an art and a celebration of life and peace and flavor and creativity. One example -- we ordered the Jamaican Jerk Seitan for an appetizer. My partner took his first bite and looked at me incredulously with joy on his face, knowing it would blow my mind with flavor, and it did. 
I am crazy for mushrooms, and the dish that featured them prepared four different ways was heavenly. It even had a tiny shepherd's pie with mushrooms on the bottom. He had the Cauliflower Mac, which mimics the comfort of macaroni and cheese without hardening your arteries. When your partner is vegan too, you can obviously just switch plates the whole time, wherever you go -- but at Horizons, make sure you get your fork into every dish you can. :-)  It is always so hard to decide what to order here.  We need a sampler!
We really enjoyed tasting the wines by the glass, many organic, and our waiter made excellent recommendations. The staff is very well-trained and enthusiastic about the food. It makes me fantasize about working in a vegan eatery. As a coffee fanatic (and Coffee Fool addict), I was surprised by how much I enjoyed the loose teas. The blueberry rooibos tasted so good that I am now have a proper teapot of my own. 
We have the Horizons cookbook and have made nearly all of the dishes. It is filled with good advice and cool stories of how Kate and Rich get their food ideas. I love that there is a vegan restaurant so good that people have to make reservations far in advance. Maybe someday people will go out for vegan like they do for sushi. I cannot believe people complain about the prices. They are right in line with other nice restaurants and probably lower, with all entrees under $20. 
Long live Horizons! Bravo Kate and Rich!Every time I go to Horizon's I end up bitching about the salad days, literally.  The days when Horizon's required a long drive to Willow Grove,  when they served you a salad with your entree.  Now it seems that the prices rise and the portions diminish with each visit, and yet I still go back over and over again.  
Why? Because the food is just so darned tasty!  The seitan steak is my absolute favorite but I now force myself to try new things in between.  So far it's working and my love has extended to the Hearts of Palm Paella.   The menu changes often enough that you can try something different with every visit.  
I do wish they would bring back their tofu scallops from the Willow Grove days.  Oh how I miss those.   I'd also like to see the Baked Seitan and Sopa de Tortilla back on the menu.  A girl can dream.amazing food, the ponderously slow service left me underwhelmed though
almost everything on the menu seems aimed at reinterpreting a traditional meat dish, which is great for vegans missing out on an old favorite; as an omnivore however I wanted to try something new, rather than I cant believe its not brisket, and that left me with only two or three options.
despite the criticism I will definitely be back.I went to Horizons last night for my dinner for a couple friends. I'm vegan, but my friends aren't, yet we were all blown away by how amazing this food was! I've never had such delicious food at a vegan restaurant before.
We started with curry fries, portobello carpaccio, and the BBQ seitan.  The carpaccio and seitan were a hit, and while the curry fries were tasty, personally I felt the wedges were a tad too big.
For our entrees we ordered the hearts of palm cake, porcini shepherds pie, and grilled seitan.  Each of these dishes were exceptional.  My friends and I were constantly stealing bites of each other's dishes until there was nothing left!
The restaurant itself is beautiful but still laid back enough to have a comfortable meal with friends.  Our server was prompt and friendly. While we didn't ask many questions about the menu, she seemed very knowledgeable about the menu and was immediately able to offer suggestions.
If you're looking for a quality meal, Horizons should definitely be on your list. I can't wait to go back!This restaurant will ruin other places for you that aren't on the same level. The grilled seitan, smoked potato salad, barbeque, and smoked beet appetizer are my favorites! Our server was very friendly and prices are more than affordable for the quality and amount of food. If I could eat here nightly, I would.