Hosteria Da Elio is a great little spot.  I ate their on the later side one night with some friends, and it wasn't too crowded which was great b/c it's a tiny spot, and there was a coffee clutch of old italian men sitting at the next table who had clearly been there for quite awhile already!  It made it feel just that much more authentic.  The food was excellent and we had a quirky waiter who was a little awkward but took great care of us.  A definite must try.I have walked by this place a couple times and always kept moving because while it is BYO, it doesn't have the charm that so many others do. I always thought "Maybe we'll try it sometime, could be a hidden gem." 
That time came this last weekend and while the waitress was lovely and jovial, the food was average at best. We were a table of 6 and not one persons meal was raved about. My husband and I shared an overdressed (by that I mean drenched) Caesar Salad (by that I mean the Romaine ends which are turning brown) to start. I ordered the lasagna and I have to say, I can make better at home. I hate that, going to a restaurant and being sorry you went out when all the while, you could have done better. 
Like others have surmised, its nothing special.We were walking all around cc and ended up in queens village looking for a small privately owned place. As were walked up here, here was a cute old italian man [owner i think] sitting outside and greeted and seated us! Did we need anything more than a tiny old man being the italian man he is? Say no more.
This place was the perfect balance of amazing food, price and romance for the price. The tables at the front isn't the only space, there is more at the back. I got the special of that day, tilapia with yellow-rice and eggplant.  I almost turned Pescatarian that day from being a carnivorous!  Pasta too was fabulous.
We decided to take it a step further and go for dessert. Tiramisu and my first Italian Wedding Cake. I wouldn't order the cake again but holy moly the Tiramisu was on steroids! The wonderful thing is its a BYOB so get your favorite wine on and be prepared to be in a food comma after the old italian man is done feeding you !Cute byob in queen village. Extensive menu and daily specials. Get the clams and the sweet potato gnocchi!This place is hands down my favorite Italian restaurant in Philadelphia, if not my favorite restaurant. And I'm from Philadelphia. And I'm Italian. 
The restaurant is queen and usually not too crowded, though it is small. It ends up feeling like you're very own secret. It also has an adorable back patio to eat outside when the weather is nice.
The staff is friendly and accommodating. They start to recognize you as regulars, which gives it a very personal feel. Elio is not only the owner, but also usually the chef and he's from Italy and his dishes taste like it.
The eggplant parmesan, the roasted tomato crostini, the sweet potato gnocchi, gnocchi pomodoro, the penne norma, the grilled chicken with goat cheese, it goes on and on. I love them all. And byob!
A must try. And must repeat.We were a little worried about going here due to the negative reviews, but felt that there were enough good reviews to give it a shot. It certainly sounded like what we were hoping to find: a small local place with a unique feel that had good tortellini (it was my daughter's 10th birthday and that's one of her faves).
So I don't know. Maybe it's one of those places that has variable quality, that sometimes has a down night because the cook's girlfriend left him or bad weather made everyone perform poorly. If that's the case, the cook's girlfriend has been really really nice to him and the weather was great yesterday, so Hosteria da Elio really knocked it out of the park for us.
The front room here is very not impressive, but that's not what you should go for. When the weather is nice (and, to re-state my earlier... uh, statement, the weather was fantastically gorgeous last night), the back patio is the epitome of what you want a restaurant's outdoor dining area to be like. Beautiful plants, very serene, cozy, just fantastic. The wine was great, because of course it's BYOB and we had a very nice chardonnay and a cold Sierra Nevada. The service was great, not pushy or fast moving, but well paced for the evening.
As for the food, we started with the eggplant parmesan appetizer as well as a gorgonzola salad. Again, in comparison with some other reviews where people talked about not being able to find the eggplant in their eggplant parmesan, our experience could not have been more different. The eggplant was sliced amazingly thin, lightly breaded, then layered thickly into a two-inch thick chunk of meltingly tender delicious goodness. The best eggplant dish I've ever had except for one spicy eggplant dish I had at a now-defunct Chinese in Santa Cruz, CA.
The tortellini with white sauce was tortellini with white sauce, well executed with bits of prosciutto and really tasty fresh sweet peas, but not anywhere off the range, as it were. Which of course is just what a 10-year-old wants from her tortellini.
My wife had the sweet potato gnocchi, which was, hands down, the best gnocchi I've ever had. I should interject here, I've lived in Florida, San Francisco, and St. Louis, all of which have quality Italian food, and been to New York and Italy as well, so I've had lots of gnocchi, good gnocchi, and my wife's a huge fan. This stuff blew us both away. Absolutely fantastic. It melted in your mouth, no chewiness or elasticity at all, but full of flavor.
For my dinner, I had the veal cannelloni with blush sauce. I seldom eat veal (for the obvious reasons, but it's so tasty that I sometimes break down and have it), so when I do, I really want it to deliver. This cannelloni delivered. And how. I'm used to cannelloni basically being like a meatball wrapped in a crepe. That's OK: when done well, it's a very tasty meatball. But the minced or ground meat has usually solidified into a mostly coherent structure. Not in this one. The meat was very finely minced and mixed with herbs and fell apart once you took a bite of it. The blush sauce gave a nice bit of sweetness and acidity to the dish, but didn't overwhelm the subtle flavor of the filling.
The portions were perfect, with no left-overs to take home, but our bellies well sated. The price was good, mid-range basically. We did not try the cannoli as many suggested, since my daughter wanted to go out for an ice cream cone afterwards and she's the boss.
We probably won't be back in Philadelphia all that often but when we are I would definitely make this a can't-miss place on each trip.Delicious! We had a private party of about 25 and we had the entire outdoor patio to ourselves and enjoyed a 5 course prix fixe meal! Started with a salami/cheese/roasted veggie/olives plate and a caesar salad, moved on to a pasta tasting plate (was a large as a full pasta entree) consisting of gnocchi and penne, and had a talapia/shrimp entree, and finally a plate of Italian cakes for dessert. My friend supplied the many bottles of red wine (it's a BYO) and the entire meal/experience is one I will never forget. The owner came out several times to check on us and he was super nice. The entire staff was great! Great food, great service, great experience. A must try!!We went the other night and it was great!!! The gnocchi was like little pillows from from the heavens. There was also an eggplant special that was amazing! They have a friendly staff, great food, good price and byob! We will definately return.I came here recently for a friend's birthday. Friday night spring time right around the corner, perfect food for the weather. It all started with my walking into the wrong restaurant. 
Great selection and perfectly cooked pasta. I had some amazing seafood and some really good pasta fajool. Our waiter put up with a large party. The only problems with the restaurant is that its a little too cramped and can't seem to handle a lot of people. Other than that I would like to return and eat their food outside. Also I learned that I should just start bringing miller lite to BYOB's because I think it would be a good idea.One of the best Italian restaurants in Philly.  The food is outstanding, the daily specials varied and original, the desserts homemade and exquisite, the wait staff knowledgeable and attentive, and the prices almost unbelievably reasonable.  The only constructive feedback I'd offer is the olive oil served with the bread, which lacked the flavor and seasonings I've had at other establishments.  But overall this place gets a very solid 4 stars, and will be on our must-stop list each time we are in Philly.Can you say RUDE?! My boyfriend wanted to plan a birthday dinner for me at my once favorite restaurant for a large group of 18. I've been going here every year and I've always enjoyed the food and the service. This year he made the reservations but the restaurant set a prefixed menu, and he didn't know I didn't want that. It's not something I was interested in so I called to cancel the reservations. When I told the owner the party size and date and that I wanted to cancel, he started to yell at me. He said that "you people" didn't want to pay any money among other things, then hung up on me. I myself being in the service business deal with people and issues every day and I know that any well respected company wouldn't tolerate a customer being yelled at and hung up on. This was just the rudest thing I've ever encountered. I used to be a big fan of this place, but no longer. Sorry Elio..I looooved this place.  Generally, I think Italian food is all the same, but this place really put a spin on that.  They use fresh and unique ingredients, like putting sweet potatoes in gnocchi!  Overall a really good experience, but I would recommend getting reservations because the place is VERY small.It's like the little Italian BYOB that this neighborhood forgot.  Amongst the Irish bars, hookah stores, to-go falafel and sushi joints, Hosteria sits unassumingly with its lace curtains encircling its prim front bay window on 3rd Street.
Small, hidden place right off the hustle and bustle of South Street.  Quiet and dated interiors with a cute outdoor patio in the back.  Restaurant is halved by the kitchen which is located halfway through the dining room. Service is upbeat, friendly.  Clientele is mostly retirees and the place is empty by 10 pm.  Trendy, this place is not.
But you don't go to this place for the trend factor, you come  to places like Hosteria to feel like you're at eating over at someone's house. Menu, offerings and prices are typical of every other run-of-the-mill Italian BYOB joint in the city.  Hearty portions, hefty fare, generous with bread.  
Unfortunately, not one meal particularly shines, all offerings are the standard Italian-American meal, most of which lack the pizazz and seasoning to make it different or tastier than all the other similar offerings in the city.
The only dish that seemed to stand apart from the rest was a sweet potato gnocchi served in a blush sauce sprinkled with sauteed spinach.  
Hosteria feels calm, home-y, from another time, and the food, unfortunately, just like every other generic Italian-American joint around town.Great nightly specials. This is a perennial solid restaurant that offers consistent meals at reasonable prices. Each time my wife and I return we ask why we ever left. Great eggplant dishes. Homemade Italian sauces. Great deserts.Was much better a few years ago. Mussels white and pasta dish were bland and watery. True, this place is inexpensive, just be prepared to get what you pay for.LOVE this place!  Every neighborhood should be so lucky to have a quaint little place like this.  It has become a must-stop for us when we're in town.  
It's a small, comfy italian restaurant.  Elio will come to your table and go over the specials.  My husband loves the veal cannelloni - the blush sauce is amazing.  I enjoy their Caesar salad, which includes a nice garlic taste, just like good caesar dressing should!  And you have to save room for dessert.  Their cannoli are the best I have ever tasted.  And the tiramisu is delicious too.
I will mention that the portions are a bit small, BUT they fit the price.  This is a very affordable place to dine.  It's BYOB, which just adds to the value and laid-back feel.
During our last visit, my dish didn't have much eggplant in it.  I mentioned to the waiter that I wasn't sure if they forgot it... they were very  accommodating and brought me a HUGE portion of eggplant to make up for it.
Again, I like the cozy feel, like you're stopping by Elio's for a true taste of old school Italian.  We will be back every we visit Philadelphia.With a crew of 9 and an ensamble of booze topping way over 16 bottles, this BYOB really was something special.  Upon recommendations to just close my menu and listen to the specials for the evening, I was rewarded by a magnificent list which made for some very difficult decisions.
Sweet potato gnocchi for the table was served in an amazing cream sauce as was my arancini for starters. And then a cannelloni with veal and alfredo which is something I thought my future father in law would only be capable of making good home made.  It was fantastic. The wine and proseco flowed and the room we were seated in seemed to get louder over time.
Even the group behind us which appeared to be a casting for a younger version of the Real Housewives of Washington Township seemed to be having an equally as loud and good time. 
Highly recommended and I hear the outside garden, when it gets to be nicer weather is also draw.  Enjoy!This place is not what I expected it to be...not that's not a bad thing.  I went on Sunday night for a day-early Valentine's dinner with my boyfriend.  Because of other reviews I expected it to be cramped, crowed and loud.  It was none of those things.  It was a lot more laid back and intimate than I expected it to be as well, which was another bonus.
The waiter came over and explained the many (and I mean many) specials that supplemented the menu for the night.  I was slightly overwhelmed by all the choices.  We decided on the pepper and mozzarella appetizer and the white wine mussels to start.  The starters were average, nothing to write home about.  Then I got the special sweet potato gnocchi as my main course since the waiter recommended it, which was to die for!  Probably the best gnocchi I've had in my life and I've been to Italy.  I was worried it was going to be heavy since it came in a cream sauce, but it was the perfect portion and was seasoned and prepared perfectly!  I loved it so much that I continued to dunk my bread in the sauce long after the gnocchi was gone!!  My boyfriend had a shrimp and scallop pasta dish that he also enjoyed.  We finished the meal with Italian wedding cake, which was also divine!   
When the bill came we were both pleasantly surprised by how cheap it was.  So overall, average starters and great main course and dessert at a cozy and relaxed BYOB for a cheap price!  We will be returning soon!I am hesitant to review because this place is so tiny and I don't want it to become too well known but I must praise the delicious food and entertaining service. A gem of a place off bustling south street - BYOB and cash only. Bread was just okay but you can;t go wrong with anything off the menu or specials list.  A must try!A first rate neighborhood Italian BYOB. The eggplant and  marcaspone is one of the best traditional dishes in the city, and the gnocchi isn't shabby either. Elio is great, and the waitresses are old school hilarious.Good food and reasonable prices.  They are a byo, however, they accept credit/debit cards which is a huge benefit (especially in this area).  We got the sweet potato gnocchi as an appetizer for the table and that was very good.  Both myself and my partner ordered specials which were GOOD but not life changing, best I ever had, can't think about any other dish, type of entree.  I'd go back again without hesitaion as the menu is solid and ambiance was warm and inviting.Love eating outside here.  Food is amazing.  One of the best byob's in philly.  Recommend the lasagna!Great food, great prices - ASS HOLE owner!!  Been here a few times and have always enjoyed the food and the prices are extremely reasonable compared with most philly BYOBs.......but each time there the owner finds a way to piss me off.  
This time he rushed over and demanded we order b/c they didn't have enough menus.  Then when we asked if we could substitute pasta for some of the sides - we were rudely told absolutely not.  It's fine if you cant substitute but the owner was just overtly rude about the request - how dare we even ask such a thing.  At a previous visit - when placing bread on the table the owner spilled the broth from our clam appetizer he was holding in his other hand on the coat of our friend.  Our friend didn't notice but I did - the owner didn't think anyone noticed and walked away without acknowledging the fact that he drenched the back of a customers jacket (he paused for a sec as if he was going to apologize - but he thought better of it and walked away).  Another visit our friends we 10 minutes late and the owner gave us the 10th degree about why our friends haven't arrived yet - and that he could have used those seats for other people waiting in line.  
Like I said - great food, great prices - which is why we have been here multiple times.  But I think this overbearing, rude, unapologetic owner has finally pushed me over the line - and driven us away for good!!If you're looking for an authentic, home-cooked Italian meal, Hosteria Da Elio is it. The owner is from Italy and prides himself on traditional Italian dishes made the old world way. 
My husband and I were in town for a night and wanted to experience the great Italian that Philadelphia offers. Based on the reviews here, we checked it out - worth every penny!
We got the grilled calamari (not the Americanized breaded version you get at most places) and eggplant appetizers - both amazing. For entrees, we chose the veal saltimbocca and the homemade lasagna - also amazing!
The service was great (Craig was super helpful) and the quiet outdoor back patio sealed the deal. 
Definitely make a reservation - it's a small place. Also it's BYO.I had the wonderful pleasure of entertaining a good friend of mine here this past evening. We had planned on going to a different BYOB but it turned out they had a long wait and I really wanted to try this bottle of white wine that I had (Cakebread Sauvignon Blanc--it was pretty good!) and so we decided to try this particular BYOB after checking out the menu.
This was a Friday night and it was busy, but not packed (hence, we were able to get a table). The service was pretty good. Other people noted the large number of specials. Personally, I think if you are going to have that many specials you should provide a print out with them so that people can figure it out. I'm glad the waitress can remember it all, but I can't. 
Regardless, I had a delightful sweet potato gnocci app followed by a Calamari with capers and black olives over linguini with a pinot grigiot sauce. It was pretty decent. Nice and light--which is what I wanted with the wine that I had. The gnucci was decent though the sauce was a little lacking in flavor.
Our table was uneven, but I'm used to that in smaller restaurants in Philly.
I think I'll definitely be back to this place, but I also feel like I'll be checking out other places as well. I had a good time, but perhaps that's because I enjoyed the wine and my friend more than anything else.Before I review the food I need to mention how wonderful the folks who work here are. One Saturday morning the bf and I went to get breakfast from Hot Bagel (next door). I had the dog with us so I stayed outside and sat on Hostaria's front step. I was carrying a wristlet that day and when I got up to leave I left it there. I called everywhere I was that day and could not find it. In a last ditch effort before I gave up on my search I called the restaurant. They had it and it turns out they were searching everywhere to get in touch with me. So to return the good karma I decided to have dinner here last weekend. It's much bigger than it looks from outside and has an adorable back patio. It very much feels like you are eating in your own backyard because of the ambiance and the comfortable servers. The food is delicious as well. The bread they bring out would be fantastic if it were from Sarcone's but oh well. I had the pesto shrimp linguine and it was so good. BF had the sweet potato gnocchi, also good. For an app we had mussels. The menu itself is small but the list of specials every day is impressive. We had to have our server repeat it twice! The place is fantastic. I highly recommend it!I was eating at this restaurant the other night - the food was mediocre Italian but nothing to complain about (maybe a little too expensive for what it is)...in the middle of my meal, our waiter ran out of the restaurant yelling at a woman in her car. It was totally insane - he stayed out there for like 5 minutes and came back in like nothing happened. Ruined our meal. Spend your money elsewhere.My girlfriend and I decided to eat here on NYE she had been there before and raved about the food.  Being Italian American it's possible I held the food to a higher standard having grown up eating most of the dishes on the menu but I doubt many people regardless of background would have been thrilled with my meal or experience.  
First of all when we arrived the restaurant wasn't crowded but we were still sat at one of the most cramped tables I've ever seen and no coat check was offered.  In truth if it were my restaurant I don't think it would even occur to me to fit a table against the wall next to the hallway but I wasn't going to let that get me down it was a special night and I was still looking forward to my meal.
Appetizers
There was a limited menu for New Years eve so I was unable to order the grilled octopus appetizer that I was really looking forward to.  Instead I ordered the soup of the day which was an 8 dollar bowl of bland and uninteresting lentil soup.  For 8 dollars they might want to look into a sausage and lentil option because I can't imagine anyone getting excited for the current version which is not dissimilar to a can of progresso. In addition to the lentil soup we also ordered the stuffed eggplant which was similar to one medium sized square of Eggplant lasagna again nothing to write home about.  The eggplant was over salted but it was almost a pleasant surprise in comparison to underseasoned lentil soup.
Main Course
My girlfriend was so excited they had the sweet potato gnocchi on the menu this is one of her favorite dishes.  All I can say is it must have been an off night for the gnocchi because that was easily the worst gnocchi I've ever had.  It was so bland and the texture was so soft, it was kind of like eating gnocchi made from Elmer's glue absolutely terrible I have no idea what everyone is raving about.  I had the Veil Marsala which again was pretty bland.  The meat was nicely cooked but the sauce and pasta left loads to be desired.  
Dessert was a slice of chocolate ganache with whipped cream it was good but not the most creative dish 
I'd give this place 2 stars I wouldn't waste my time going back.  Like I said maybe I hold Italian byob's to a higher standard.  When I go out to eat Italian I like food that's at least on par with my own cooking at home and this was a far cry.  I considered the fact that it was New Years eve but as I mentioned before  it wasn't very crowded and no one came in within a half hour of us so the kitchen was far from overwhelmed.Hosteria Da Elio
Small (22 seats) cozy room in Queen Village in good company with neighbors Gayle and Ansill and is to classic Neopolitan/southern Italian what Gayle and Ansill are to over-the-top reimagined continental exquisite small plates.  Hardy potato gnocchi with spinach (and fennel) and stuffed beef braciola in spicy red sauce a treat.  The portobello and sautéed spinach app a perfect match for the dense bread with the tasty spinach  hammered into dutiful submission as only a good southern Italian cook can do.  Home made angel hair pasta with perfectly cooked crab and rice stuffed squid excellent.  Toasted walnut studded chocolate ganache dessert with intense raspberry puree and Chantilly cream different and perfect for two normal chocophiles to share or for one chocoholic.  Impossible to get bad service as the veteran servers  are always only two steps away and do pay attention.  Back courtyard in summer nice.  Sticker shock unexpected the first time as specials usually come in the mid and upper twenties but worth it.This is simple, no-nonsense quite authentic Italian food (I was born and raised in Rome). The appetizer was slightly underwhelming (mussels in garlic sauce), but everything else we had was delicious. We had a meat lasagna with delicate home-made pasta sheets that was delicious, and a very good, simple (as it should be) penne all'arrabbiata.
For dessert we shared an amazing "Italian wedding cake", which was again very delicate, yet rich, like the lasagna. I am perplexed by the negative comments about the owner, who was very nice to us. I'll be back when I come back to Philly!I went back and forth on the rating for this one. My friends and I visited here last Saturday night. We were looking for a casual BYO in the Queen Village area that we hadn't been to before, and stumbled upon Hosteria Da Elio. 
Cute little place. We were seated in the front room, but there is a back dining area as well as a patio off the back. Most of the parties were couples on a night out - and the place is conducive to a first date "getting to know you" conversation, but it also accommodated our more rowdy group of four well and, with the multiple dining areas, could easily fit larger groups. 
I just wasn't overly impressed with the food. I ordered the linguine and clams - granted, a simple dish. My dish arrived with just the linguine tossed with diced clams. I was disappointed to not get a least a few clams still in their shells, if only for appearances sake. The rest of my party wasn't wowed by their dishes, but they were decent and filling.
Service was adequate - neither lacking nor overly exceptional.  
As a BYO in my neighborhood, I'll definitely give it another go, especially if I can sit outside.terrible!!!! went for bithday dinner was served cold bread from the fridge. meals were ok- service was terrible had two bottles of unopened wine  couldnt get lady's attention. bad service. tiramisu tasted like tasteless cheese cake - very sad for fans of tiramisu and we  were over priced for twenty dollars - math error on there part that we realized later- we had to get up and start to leave for the lady to bring check. horrible birthday dinner!!!I went to this family owned BYOB with my girlfriend and had an excellent experience food wise, the Veal Saltimbocca was excellent. However, the owner of the place was a bit overbearing and he shot down one of my girlfriend's ideas on what to order in a bit of a rude manner, I wanted to ask him why it was on the menu if he was so adamant about her not ordering it. The place is also a bit cramped and we  were essentially sharing a table with another couple, but I guess that is what I get for going there on a Saturday night.The value here is excellent but there are better BYOB's in Philly.We came here on a rainy weeknight so it was perfect for a  quiet, romantic dinner. Excellent service and food. Easy to get takeout beer at nearby Oneals as this was BYO. We will definitely be back!The pastas? Bland, soggy, watery. The bread? White, boring, blah. Even the olive oil is so-so. The salads? Oddly small with brownish-tipped leaves. Some might find the service charming, but my dining partner and I found our waiter (also the owner, I believe) to be intrusive and inappropriate. Will  not be returning.I come from an Italian Family and this restaurant is right down the street from my house- 2 reasons why i've been wanting to try this place for a while now.  We stopped by on a thursday night and the place was not busy at all.  I ordered linguine with a red clam sauce and my boyfriend got the shrimp with lemon sauce over linguine.  I was impressed with the number of specials they were offering that night.  The pasta was freshly made and the sauces on both our dishes were good.  We questioned how fresh our seafood was- at times it tasted frozen.  Service was mediocre and both of us were disappointed that the waiter neglected to offer us parnesian cheese, but later offered it to the next table over. Probably won't be returning as I enjoy the food and real italian family atmosphere at Trattoria La Costiera much more. P.S. it's a byob. we enjoyed our chimay red.Half a star for adorable outdoor seating. Half a star for great service- the waitress remembered it was my friend's birthday (I called ahead to make a reservation) and lighting a candle for her dessert. One star for the eggplant appetizer, which was the best thing that came to our table from the kitchen. Every other item we could have passed on. 
Caprese appetizer was weak. Ziti and eggplant, requested spicy, had barely any eggplant and wasn't spicy at all. Puttanesca was nothing special. Either was the pesto. Yawn.
I had ordered the eggplant app as my entree with a side of pasta. When the bill came, I discovered that the side of pasta cost me $8. Isn't that a lot?
That's what I asked Elio himself when I came back the next day to retrieve my forgotten cardigan. He basically said that if he didn't charge $8 for the pasta, Hosteria Da Elio would go out of business just like their previous next door neighbors, Hoof + Fin. I get it, I get it, i do.
Sad to say I won't be back.Cool family-owned, Italian BYOB near South Street. Give this one a try, and bring the coupon they send out in the mail.This is a really awesome little neighborhood Italian spot. We came here for dinner on a Saturday night and were seated in the garden out back - and the weather was just perfect for a meal outdoors. 
The staff was super friendly and knowledgeable and our waiter recommended a nearby chill Irish pub for post dinner drinks when we said we were from out of town and looking for a place to go.
I wasn't super hungry so I just ordered an appetizer - mozzarella, tomato, roasted red pepper and basil salad. And I gotta say, this was some of the best fresh mozz I've had in a long time. It was clearly super fresh and likely handmade and I just fell in love with it.
The inside of the restaurant doesn't have the best ambiance, but if it's nice outside, definitely go have a meal here in the garden. You'll come out happy.This should be #1 under "Philly's Best Italian"
I am from an Italian family that takes 7 hours to eat dinner (antipasti, salad, pasta, meat, coffee, dessert, sambuca) and am a damn good Italian cook if I do say so myself.  
Having said that, Villa di Roma and Ralph's has nothing on this place. This is the only Italian restaurant in the city that tastes like something Grandma would make.
Located off touristy South Street and right next door to pompous Gayle, this little two-room restaurant is always packed, the hostesses are chain smokers (don't worry - the restaurant is smoke-free) and there is always some variant of Frank playing on the speakers.
Let's put it this way: if you could cook like this, you'd never be lonely again.Oh I loved this place. It is so hard to find a good Italian restaurants considering there's so many but me and my friend both thought the food was amazing there.The older gentleman that runs this establishment has an insanely violent temper. I, as a resident and permitted Phila parker, attempted to park in a permitted spot this evening which he was apparently attempting to reserve for a New Jersey patron. Without ANY provocation on my part, he verbally attacked me, lost his temper cursing at my nonsensically, and totally mentally flew off the handle to the extent that I considered calling the police to report his behavior. As a neighborhood resident I would never, ever support this man's business.This place is awesome!! My fiance LOVE Italian food so we eat a lot of it. The food here was amazing-fresh, delicious yet light. We went with a group of 8 for our engagement party last Saturday. We sat outside in the garden which was just perfect because of the weather and our ability to hear one another. Our waiter was GREAT! He was very patient even though we were an energetic, demanding group. As a vegetarian,  I got the sweet potato gnocchi (a special for the day) which was out of this world. They had many vegetarian options and are happy to make to order. Our friends ordered mussels and snails and chicken dishes and everyone LOVED everything! I didn't hear a complaint all night. This place is definitely worth visiting. Some of the staff can be a little cold but they warm up. The only other suggestion I would make is that the bread be served warm. Other than, this place is a gem and I hear the chef aims to please!I have finally had it with this place. We live in the neighborhood and have eaten at every BYO in the area. After two tries with Hosteria Da Elio we've decided it's just not worth it. There's just a weird lack of professionalism and a slight sense of hostilty about the place, the quality of the food is inconsistent, the service is earnest but odd and spotty, and the prices aren't low enough to make up for those facts. Go to Gnocchi or La Fourno for better food and service at the same prices. Hosteria does have the nice outdoor patio going for it, but that's about it.What's up with all these negative reviews?! 
First off, it's the best bang for your buck for a BYOB joint - so bring some good wine, not some cheap crap. 
Excellent service. Our server was concise, friendly, and very welcoming. I took his advice and ordered the sweet potato gnocchi which was out of this world. My boyfriend ordered the lasagna (too, amazing)
To the dude on the motorcycle: why don't you ride your bike to Stonehenge and learn a thing or two about food. If any of you want an Americanized Italian experience, please head to the Olive Garden......where they put cheese on seafood. Gimme a break. 
LOVE THIS PLACE! It's as authentic as they come. Can't wait to go back!If you have a large party, make a reservation!
Eggplant appetizer is delightful.  Penne arrabiata was perfect, not fancy.Gave this place another chance and it was pretty good. Maybe it was an off night the first time I was here.This is the best BYO restaurant in Philadelphia.
There is nothing more to say other than I look forward to any meal I have here.
Absolutely amazing. 
*TIP* get the sweet potato gnocchi for the table as an app.  It's memorable.
I does not get any better than Hosteria Da Elio.
Don't look further... eat here.New favorite Italian BYOB.  My brother just bought a condo in the area and made a reservation here last night. No idea how he learned of it and I hadn't read any reviews. We were sorry we didn't think to ask for an outdoor table on such a beautiful night but it didn't matter.  Seven of us were seated in the small but comfortable front room.  We got 7 different entrees and everyone was happy with their own and others.
They have a LOT of specials and we probably ordered more of those than from menu.  Salmon puttanesca, sweet potato gnocchi, shrimp-topped tilapia, lasagna bolognese, some veal filled pasta and more. Appetizers of grilled calamari (looked off-putting b/c they were large) were the most delicate we've ever had, grilled tomatoes with toast points, prosciutto and melon all excellent and desserts were exceptional.  Bonnie, our waitress recommended the Italian wedding cake which we almost skipped but thankfully added to the chocolate ganache, tiramisu, chocolate chip cannoli (we got two of these.)   Every one of them was very good but the Italian wedding cake which was more almond/custard than cake may have been the best of all.   
They added gratuity b/c of our large party but we added additional b/c Bonnie's service and the great food definitely called for 20% tip.  Bill was $43 each and again, we ordered specials, etc.  Their pasta entree dishes were $12 - and many entrees were $18-$22 range - unheard of for a byob.  Not sure how they can make money on that but suffice to say, we will be back.Much better places nearby.  Cozy and friendly service, but will not return.  The bread they served when we sat down was awful- something usually done right in Philly.  Rest of dinner was not noteworthy.My friends and I made reservations here for one of our birthdays this past weekend.  We heard good things, and were expecting just a little bit more.  All in all the food was alright, the atmosphere was nice but nothing out of the ordinary, the redeeming quality is that it is BYOB, but with so many quality BYOBs in Philly, its not a big draw. 
It is a very cute, little restaurant, and was not very crowded, if it had been we would have been on top of other diners for sure.  Elio, the owner, took care of us.  Most of the time he was very nice, but he did shush us at one point, we probably were being somewhat loud, and laughing, but we were a group of 8, and I have never been shushed at a restaurant before.  
The food was OK.  The eggplant appetizer was the best thing of the night, but was very small, comparable to a square of lasagna.  The grilled calamari was good too, well done with a fresh little salad.  Neither of the appetizers were very good for sharing though. All of the dishes were well done.  My veil cantaloni was good, the blush sauce tasted wonderful.  The birthday girl got the gnocchi Gorgonzola, that was just too heavy, it needed to be cut with something, she couldn't finish the dish and ended up eating mostly off of my plate.  The veil saltanbucca got a thumbs up, but two of my friends got the shrimp and scallops, and while the flavor was nice, there were maybe two shrimp and one scallop on the whole plate.  
To summarize, ok food and services, I wouldn't recommend for a bigger group, and with all of the fantastic BYOBs in the area, I can't say I'll go back.Incredibly loud!!!  I think I lost my hearing over dinner!  Don't come here unless it is empty.  I was excited about my first trip to this Italian BYOB but it was a lame experience. Service was from an old Italian dude but he sucked.  Absolutely no interest in serving my table, checking on water, he delivered dirty utensils I sent back, and was generally apathetic. Sir, please find your passion and pursue it. It is obviously not in the food service industry. 
Food was ok to bland.  But it did not make up for the horrendous atmosphere. 
Stay away!Absolutely amazing . Romantic. The best Italian cuisine in town. Try the sweet potato gnocchi !I enjoyed a casual Saturday night dinner with friends at this unassuming Italian BYOB right off South Street.  We were able to get reservations for 4 calling just a few days in advance on what was a popular weekend (graduations) for dining out in Philly.  We arrived on time and were seated promptly in the front dining room.  There was a large group celebrating in the room as well, but the service and atmosphere did not suffer.
As others have mentioned, the printed menu is brief but the list of specials (rattled off by heart from the hostess/waitress) was impressive.  The service was prompt, friendly with Italian character, and generally good.  We did have some minor delays in getting our second bottle of wine opened, and water refills, but the restaurant was very busy.
Between our table-mates, we ordered three appetizers (mussels, grilled portabella mushroom over spinach, and escargot), and four entrees (chicken marsala, lasagna, a calamari pasta, a fourth that I do not recall in detail) followed by tiramisu for dessert.  We shared everything so I feel that I got a pretty good representation of the food.  Everything was good, but sadly nothing was excellent.  The lasagna in particular suffered from too-early plating and perhaps time under a broiler that resulted in solidification of the top cheese layer.
In spite of some imperfections, I would happily go back to Elio's.  The price was great, the portions were reasonable, the service was generally quite good, and the place had a certain casual charm that I enjoyed.  I hope that on a less busy night, more focus on the individual dishes might improve the meals.  They also have outdoor seating that would be lovely on a less rainy night.We went last night and were seated immediately in the tiny front room.  The owner was lovely and the food was fine and dirt cheap.  Unfortunately the room is SMALL and can't really handle volume well.  There was a large table of what seemed to be "regulars' who succeeded in turning this into the hosteria da Hell-io for the agonizing 90-minutes we were there witnessing their collective midlife crisis and all-purpose jack-assery, partly in mangled Italian.   Definitely scope out the room before commiting yourself to a meal here.Definitely one of my favorite italian restaurants in Philly. Very good and friendly service. You will not find a more extensive menu with just really good food. Your should try outside in the back in the summertime - delightful.  Andy D. from Old CityUnbelievably rude people, do not give them your business.  I have been here several times and I will say that the food is good, but the place is shabby.  But after calling today to make a reservation I will not give them my business.  I asked for a patio table, the man said it's not open yet.  I said "ok then, do you have any availability for 7:30?", he proceeds to SCREAM at me saying I should be coming for the food and not the patio.  wouldn't even let me speak and then he hung up.  I will not be eating here again.Very good food. BYOB. My chicken piccata was a bit smaller then other plate portions and slightly over cooked.  Flavor was great, however. From what I saw, with my 3 other guests, specials were the way to ho. Desserts were delicious as well.Went here on a recommendation and glad we went here. The food was delicious from the appetizers to the desert. A nice BYOB with a nice quaint romantic setting. Plenty of seating in the front and in the back. Portions of food was perfect and the staff is very nice. The owner even waits on the tables along with the manager. They take the time to talk to you. This place by far is one of the best BYOB's in the Queens Village area. Definitely going back.I went here for new years eve with a group of 8 of us.  The waitress was great and the food was fine.  They ran out of half the food we ordered however after we ordered it.  When I brought this to the attention of the owner Elliot and that maybe he should do something about it he told me he doesn't want customers like me at all.  So Elliot you got your wish with a 1000 good byo restaurants in Philly to be cramped into one where they don't have half the dishes you order nor do they care about your business was more then enough for me and my 7 other guests never to go back nor recommend this place to anyone.
As for SM who commented on my dining etiquette I will say this.  I went with a reservation, I was extremely polite until the owner was beyond ignorant, and the waitress even agreed with me who pointed him out and commented how difficult he is.For SM I would like to add that for new years I had a reservation and was very polite with everyone I spoke to until the owner was ignorant as they come.  But thanks for judging my dining etiquette!A great philly BYOB. The restaurant is quite small, but i have definitely been in tighter places. And it was clean.
Our waiter was not your typical Italian restaurant server, however he was very attentive and knew everything about the menu. He gave great suggestions.
My husband had the infamous Sweet Potatoe Gnocchi and I had the chicken and Zuchinni pasta. Both were excellentl. Oh and the caprese salad for an appetizer, which was also good.
It was quite cheap and we had a great time. I will definitely be returning and would recommend to others.Disappointing. especially for the price. 
I recently went there with a group of friends to celebrate a buddy's promotion. I ordered the Scampi Alla Diavola - shrimp sauteed in a spicy marinara sauce. The waitress first brought me the wrong dish, the scampi di limoni, and then looked at me like I had 2 heads when I said this is not what I ordered. 3 minutes later, they brought out the dish I wanted. For $16.00, I would have expected there to be more than 5 small-ish shrimp on a plate of pasta with a bland, watery sauce that certainly was not spicy. I don't know if the flavor wasn't there because it was a re-fire, but the 5 small shrimp, with the tails still on(I might add) was not worth the wait or the price. Another person in our group ordered the Shrimp and Scallop dish, and was disappointed to receive a plate of pasta with 3 shrimp and 2 bay scallops - one of which was over cooked. Unfortunately, with so many other great BYO Italian joints in the area, I will not be returning to this one - no matter what the occasion is. It's just not worth the cost of admission.