There's nothing better than fat Belgium cut fries that are slightly too greasy to compliment a very skinny hot dog laden with pickles and mustard. 
As much as I'm woe to admit this, 15 years after indulging in my last hot dog, I was expecting something of bratwurst - or at least ball park - thickness. The dogs were good. The bacon wrapped dog made it better.
The buns are okay.
But Hot Diggity is made by its delicious fries - eat them with the vinegar sauce...and only the vinegar sauce. Everything else tastes like the same sour, sweet, or spicy variation of Kewpie. 
The sodas are fun - the unfiltered Ginger ale with real chunks of ginger floating around is unique and tastes more healthy than harmful. (No, doctor, I swear, all I had to drink was heart healthy ginger....)Loved this place. I saw this place on food network and it lived up to the hype. They have so many good choices. I had the fiesta dog and it was great.I stopped in for an early lunch and was the first customer of the day. After ordering the Bahn Mi style hot dog I sat down and wondered why there were holes in all of the tables. While waiting for my order I was careful not to let my Jones Cream Soda wander to close to these bottle swallowing holes. Then my order arrived...D'oh...the holes were for the giant cone of fries that nestle perfectly in them. The fries were cooked perfectly and arrived with the Sriracha dipping sauce that came at an extra charge. I think that they gave me a different sauce because I didn't taste any of the Sriracha...I would have been happy for the squirt bottle instead. 
Overall great food if you want a gourmet style dog. The prices are high but consider that the prices are on par with sporting venues that have plain ole dogs on stale buns.It was really dogging me that I hadn't yet had the chance to try Hot Diggity. (Thank you, I'll be here all week. #tryTheHotDog.) Now that we've dispensed with the obligatory hot dogging, let's get to the review, shall we? I don't want to end up in the dog house. 
I had the chance to try a dog from the Hot Diggity cart at the South Street Night Market last night. (This review is of the cart, not the storefront.) It was a pretty fantastic hotdog, born of a stroke of genius. It was called the Mango Kimchi dog. The perfectly cooked dog, producing a Randy-Savage-snapping-into-a-Slim-Jim loud thunderclap with each bite, was topped with: spicy kimchi, mangos, sweet bean paste, and crispy rice noodles. HUH? Well, it worked, and it was awesome. And at only $5, I'm not sure how they even covered their R&D costs (which must have been formidable).
As the old saying goes, every day has its dog (or something).I've been to Hot Diggity twice: once the week it opened, and today, to bring my friends.  I like hot dogs, but I'm a vegetarian; which is why I'm a fan of this place - they have 2 dog options: meat and non-meat.  Then you get to choose from 10 different regional styles of condiment "packages" to add to your dog.  The first time, I had the Fiesta (guacamole, lettuce, tomato, topped with sour cream) - yummm.  Today, I had the Windy City (pickle, relish, onions, and mustard) - again yummm.  I've always been a fan of the Chicago-style dog, however, so this was no surprise.  
They also sell hand-cut fries (which I find are a tad bit overly salted) that you can purchase additional dips for, like Peppercorn Ranch, Rosemary Aioli, or Chimichurri Sauce.  The ranch was decent, but the rosemary aioli was a bit bland, and the chimichurri sauce was not true chimichurri sauce, but more like a chimichurri sauce + salt and mayo - lime.  I am not mad about the dips, though - after all, they were only 25 cents each, and I like trying things.  I just won't buy the same ones anymore.
I like this place to come back again and again to keep trying all the different varieties.  Next on my list: the Bronx (with sauerkraut!!!) and the Saigon Fusion (with pickled carrots and cucs!!!).  
If only I had a faster metabolism, I would've tried them all already.This place is awesome! The ambience of the place is hip and fun, and the staff are always friendly and super knowledgeable about whats in their food. I love that they can veganize a good majority of their menu options which means us vegans can actually eat here! 
Any of the dipping sauces I've tried for their fries have been amazing and I love the cute touch with the holes in the tables to hold your fries for you. Plus the fact they serve more natural sodas is definitely to be commended.
A spot definitely worth checking out on South Street, especially if you're looking for something that will cater to both the meat eater and the vegan.I know this place is gimmicky, but I love gimmicky food! Their hotdogs are tasty, even when you order something with a bunch of different toppings, everything's spread out well and isn't overwhelming. 
Their fries are great, though the dipping sauces definitely make them. 
I had their poutine awhile ago, and while I can't compare it to the "authentic" stuff, I thought it was fantastic. 
Even when they're slammed with orders, I've never seen the staff be anything less than polite and efficient.Hot diggity always satisfies my hot dog and fries cravings. I try something new each time and am never disappointed. They even have a vegetarian hot dog which my girlfriend loves. I only wish they stayed open later.Hot Diggity serves up a tasty variety of hot dogs and super tasty Belgian fries with your choice of original dipping sauces.  My favorite hot dog is their good old fashioned chili cheese dog.  
They also serve up all kinds of interesting soda pops bottled and on tap.  The staff is friendly and what better ambience can you ask for watching the South St. crowd walk by as you chow down your tasty meal.Great food, great service, great price...  recommend the Buffalo dog, fries and maple soaked churros.. If you  like hot dogs ... This is dogs gone wild...  Good third date dinner... Stroll south street...  Grab a classy dog and right on to the next thing...  Just keeping real...  LolI love the sturdy buns which provide an excellent foil for the classic and/or inventive toppings. The Cincinnati Skyline may be the best chilli and cheese topping I've ever had and if you ask, they will put it on their excellent frites. My one beef with this place is, in fact, the beef - they use all-beef Sabbrett franks and I just don't like all-beef dogs. I wish they would add a pork/veal Vienna-style frank. They already offer a veggie dog option, so what's one more? Also, $6 is a little pricy for what you get, but I don't mind paying extra for quality. Just get some porky dogs! Oh, and little pickled hot peppers for the Chicago dog - even Sonic uses those.I love Hot Diggity! I think their dogs are the best vegan dogs I have had. The bread is great, too. My favorite dog is the fiesta dog (minus the sour cream), as I love guacamole. I also like the one with the chili. The fries are good. Staff is very friendly.
I would give the restaurant five stars because I really love the hot dogs, but $6.99 is quite steep for a delivery fee. I wouldn't mind $2 or so. I won't be ordering the food to be delivered again.Got the Cincinnati and the "three cheese" sauce was like what you get for free at 7-11. Not much more to be said for the super salty chili. The produce seemed alright, but it was sad that it was paired with below par ingredients. The bread is more like a roll than a bun. If you're expecting any sense of tradition in your hot dog bun, this isn't the place for you. For $16 I left unsatisfied with one hot dog, an order of (not crispy) fries and a half dozen "jumbo" wings which were definitely not. See Moriarty's for the true meaning of that word. At my table we also had the Saigon, the Windy City, and the Texas Hold em. I wasn't the only one who was underwhelmed by any sense. 
Overpriced. Not great flavors. And I was really craving a hot dog!I've always bemoaned the lack of good hot dog places nearby. No more. Hot Diggity has great dogs and fresh cut fries. I had the Saigon which is like a banh mi but with a hot dog instead of compressed pig's ears. Come to think of it that may not be all that much different. The greens on the Saigon were super crisp and fresh and the fries were awesome. They could use less salt though.
A few suggestions:
1) They have dogs from all over the world but no Philly dog?
2) When you walk in the first thing you see is the posting for the Bronx Bomber. Now I'm from New York originally but I'd rather not see a dog named for the NY Yankees right when I walk into the place, in Philly.
3) The menu drawings for each item are cool but you can't see the ones in the back. Hopefully they'll add a menu on the wall to the left to look at if you are in line.
4) They put aluminum foil on the grill to cook the dogs. Heresy! I grew up near the original Nathan's. One of the reasons Nathan's hot dogs taste so good is that the grill gets seasoned with all the dogs cooking all day. I know the foil thing is cleaner but seriously, if I was that interested in cleanliness why would I be eating hot dogs in the first place?
Overall though this is my new go to place. Service is friendly and food is great. Good ambience. I hope they don't ruin it with a TV like so many other places have.I'm not a big fan of hot dogs, so when my wife suggested it, I was a little bummed out, but I need to make her happy...LOL. Surprisingly, it was delicious and filling. I wanted to order the Cincinnati skyline, but since my wife was ordering it, she told me to order something else. So, I order the surf and turf dog...again to make her happy. Oh, the things I do for her.
Philly Surf N Turf - Fried fish with a hot dog. Huge and extremly filling. Fish was large and flaky, but lacked a lil bit of flavor.
Cincinnati Skyline - I wish I stuck with my gut and ordered this. Packed with tons of flavor. I'm not huge on scallions, but this hotdog did it well. The melted cheese with the gooey chili was great! 
Fries - really good and tasted fresh. I tried it with siracha ketchup. Nothing special regarding the sauce. I make this at home.
Overall: I would definately be back even though I'm not a hot dog kind of guy. Price isn't bad for how filled you get from one dog.Admittedly, I am not a fan of hot dogs. What I am, however, is a french fry nut, and Hot Diggity clearly knows how to worm their way into my heart. Belgian-style in nature (i.e. thicker, twice-fried), the fries themselves are full bodied and have a rich potato flavor. They also arrive in a sturdy paper cone that fits neatly into the holes carved into your tables for that specific purpose. In my uber-opinionated mind, what truly distinguishes Hot Diggity from most other establishments are the array of dipping sauces they offer. They fall under the "gourmet" moniker with fancy "aiolis" and "rosemary"-ies and such and such. I highly demand you try the new ginger and curry flavors. They're about $0.25/ea, although I might be off by a dime.
This is a new joint (ca. June 18th 2011) and apparently they're at the tail-end of the process of obtaining a beer license, with plans to serve local craft brews. None better than beer and fries (and hot dogs, if that's your thing).As a huge hot dog fan, I must admit I was a little skeptical of trying a veggie dog from this place but I am so glad that I did. Best hot dog I have had all summer. The staff here is super friendly and the menu is awesome. They can also make any of their specialty dogs with veggie dogs. The roll was awesome too. My boyfriend tried the Saigon Fusion and loved it. The menu is a little pricey, but worth it.I saw this place listed as a top-trending place on the yelp site and started imagining having a cheap date night with my boyfriend. Hot dog is a fun and affordable food that we both like to make at home. We'd usually bring out all the gourmet sauces and nicknacks to dress it up, so when I read that Hot Diggity has 10 different kinds of gourmet dogs and 12 different sauces for fries to dip in I was instantly sold.
Upon entering the place, you'll see three long community bench with holes in them to put their french fry cones in and high stools surrounding them. Instead of menu, they have hot dog drawings describing the looks and ingredients in the dogs in detail. I've seen those style of hot dogs drawings from Serious Eats before and it turned out it IS from the blog's Hawk Krall. After much discussion, we decided on having the Saigon Fusion, the Seattle Grunge and the Fiesta Dog. The guy behind the counter offered to cut them all in half for us so we can try all of them which we DO! In addition to the dogs we also got a regular size french fries cone, a small curry mayo and a rosemary aioli dipping sauce. 
Saigon Fusion was essentially a banh mi with a hot dog in the middle. All the ingredients were pretty on point and it tasted pretty good. Seattle Grunge was more like a traditional hot dog but with cream cheese. I wouldn't think cream cheese would go well with hot dogs but apparently it did, the combination really complimented the meat flavor and it stood out. Fiesta dog was like a taco, I like the guacamole, sour cream and salsa fresca combination, I wouldn't be mad if they put a little cilantro on it and the fresh lime slice accompanied was a nice touch. 
The fries here are a bit on the thick, softer side. While I enjoy the curry mayo immensely, the rosemary aioli is a bit subtle, suitable for more sophisticated palettes. 
There's a slight awkwardness to the place. I don't enjoy the holes on the bench where small things like the dipping sauces could potentially fall through, and the stool and bench are too close together. If the place become popular and packed, you might not be able to get out. I also can't decide if the bread is stale. The bite of the bread is a bit hard and not in the crusty crispy way. If the bread is delivered in the morning, does it mean that the dogs won't be as good at night? The flavor of the dogs are also not distinct enough to compete with the dressings. Having that said, they're still good.
The dogs were around $5 - $7 each, the fries were like $4. Getting 3 dogs, an order of fries, 2 dipping sauce and 2 sodas were altogether about $25 in total. We'll definitely be back for more. I think it'd be the perfect stop for a light snack on South Street and there are still many more things to try and they are going to have beer soon.
3.5 Stars.If there's one thing I love it's hot dogs.  Well, and bacon.  Okay and french fries.  Anyways, you can get all of these here so it works out well.  My husband actually claims the fries are his favorite in philly.  Let's be real, I love most french fries, but these are definitely up there.  It's always hard to decide between the standard menu dogs and the hot dog of the month.  I can say that I've never been disappointed in my choice though.  I think my favorite is the Seattle Grunge.  The dipping sauces are tasty and fun to try, and I love the art work inside (shout out to the Dirty O in Pittsburgh!)  Also, can't beat BYO and hot dogs.  Definitely a favorite spot in our casual dinner repertoire.I love the veggie dog.  The best non-meat hot dog ever.  The staff are helpful and friendly.  My only complaint is the price of the soda.  Highest I've seen in Philadelphia for those brands, so I just skip it.Are you looking for a place that has almost every single topping available for your hot dog?!? Don't look any further because this place has it all! Even things you would never have thought of putting onto a hot dog is done. Decided to come to South Street because my husband wanted to check out some tattoo shops. I decided to yelp "fries" and Hot Diggity was one of the places that popped up. So, in we go. Soooo overwhelming. I had no idea what to order. Like I said earlier, they have tons of toppings. You could make your own, or order from a set menu they have.
I went with the Cinncinnati. It was a 3 cheese sauce with beef chili and onions and scallions. It was great! The sauce and chili was so flavorful. I normally do not get full off of one hotdog, but they stuff these things to the max that I was overly stuffed 3/4 of the way through. I also ordered fries (cause that's what I was currently craving) with a cilantro lime mayo. Loved the sauce! I don't know how to describe the sauce, so you just have to get it. My husband ordered he surf n turf dog. It was fried fish with a hot dog and topped with veggies. I too really enjoyed this. For my son, I ordered just a plain dog. I don't really recommend it though. The dog is very very thin compared to the bread. You definately need toppings with the type of bread that is used. I mean, it's great for children, but an adult might be pretty dissappointed.
Decor...so cool! I liked all the animation of the hot dogs on th walls. Way creative on how to promote the menu!This is my inner (and outer) fat kid talking, but Hot Diggity's food is seriously delicious.  Hot dogs are a vice which I have thankfully managed to confine mostly to barbecues and baseball games.  However, when I do decide to partake, I prefer my weiners cooked well so that you get that nice crisp pop when biting into them, and I also prefer that you can actually taste the hot dog through all the toppings.  Hot Diggity's has somehow mastered both of these arduous demands.
The Texas Hold 'Em is perfect.  The Saigon Fusion is also really tasty if you like banh mi/Vietnamese hoagies.  And the fries...well, most of the time delivery fries are soggy and unappetizing, but these babies were still crisp and hot on delivery, so I can only imagine they'd be stellar when they're 100% fresh.  I do love a good dipping sauce so their variety of sauces is another fun dimension to a great meal.
Hot Diggity, you've earned a fan.So I stopped in and was first pumped about the playlist - I was serenaded by zeppelin, black keys, weezer, etc. Then I got me a fiesta dog- fresh bun, avocado, crisp tomatoes, sour cream, and a nicely cooked dog! They managed to take a classic "heavy" dish - the hot dog- and make it light, refreshing, and tasty.  The fries fit into this nifty holder on the tables and are fresh as can be. Killer sun-dried tomato sauce for the fries too. I dig hot diggity. Great place to stop in while cruising the strip.Yelp has made my life so much better by helping me finding the best places to eat ! 
I have come here twice and both times I ordered the Philly surf and turf , I just loved it ! I wanted to try something different during my second visit but just couldn't bring myself to it . The fried fish cake wrapped around the dog with its slaw and mustard as the bonus , its like cherry on a vanilla ice cream.   The hot dog was just so tasty that i had to make it my yolo meal. Haha 
The fries are also very good , I am a big french fries fan . I like my fries thick and crispy, although these were shoe strings kind but they still curve my cravings. 
Great place to chill during the summer time for lunch !Stumbled onto this place while on a bike ride in Philly.  Not a huge hot dog fan but figured i'd give it a shot, and i'm glad i did.  From their extensive list of gourmet sodas to their creative hot dog menu this place hits it out of the park.  Add on a super chill staff and you have a fun light south street lunch.I'm a fan of fancy hot dogs and Hot Diggity! certainly has some fancy hog dogs. They bring it, whether you're getting The Bronx Bomber (Kraut, Mustard, Red Onion) or the The Windy City (Pickle Wedges, Relish). Their dogs are long and thin compared to typical ballpark  dogs (which are short and a bit fatter).  That does cause the issue of the dog sticking out of the bun at both ends, so its important you prepare accordingly (or simply bite off the ends sticking out of the bun).
So their menu...  They have a staple of "regular" dogs (not so regular, but they stay on the menu).  They also have a special dog which rotates (not sure how often, monthly maybe?).  They seemed willing to work with "special orders" if you are the creative type and want to build your own.  Given the options, I'm certain you'll do fine no matter what you order.
They accept credit, which is key considering the not-so-typical hot dog prices (sorry folks, you have to pay for quality).  They have fries and drinks and other stuff too. The place is clean, the staff is friendly, and well, that's about I have to say for now.  Go enjoy a fancy hot dog!This is where to go for a great hot dog in Philly. Beyond hot dogs, it's fries and some quirky pickled thing I would not even begin to try. But really, who goes to a hot dog joint for anything pickled?
Anyway, this was my second venture to Hot Diggity and it was delightful. This time around, I got the The Seattle Grunge and The Fiesta Dog. I felt these lighter/cooler toppings were more in line with summer weather.
The Seattle Grunge is Smothered with garlic cream cheese and onions. The Fiesta Dog is topped with fresh made guacamole and pico de gallo. Both were delish to the nines. They have pretty good fries, and a boat load of sauces to dip them in. 
During my first visit, it was colder and I got a couple of warmer feeling dogs. The Texas Hold 'Em is wrapped in and has BBQ and hot sauce on it. The Cincinnati Skyline is loaded with chili and cheese sauce. These two dogs were also bangin.
My wife is a huge fan of The Big Kahuna. It's not my thing, but really no knock on it. I'm just not into the whole pineapple on my hot dog thing.
But whatever your taste, you cannot go wrong at Hot Diggity.The service is excellent and friendly, the portions are nice and big, and the food is tasty.
I'm a fan of the Cincinnati Skyline hotdog.No better hotdog in Philly and I tried them all. I need to state up front I prefer a natural casing dog that is cooked on a grill so this eliminates most of what passes as competition. Been here three times in the past month since finding this spot. Their fries are top of the line- as good as any you will find in town. I am not a flashy hotdog eater. Tried the Chicago and found it okay compared to the dogs at Portillos in Chi Town but I am happiest eating a plain dog with mustard and onions. My lady ate the Mexican vegetarian style dog and absolutely loved it. Decor is nice and clean. Staff is friendly and to the point. If you want a great hotdog this is the place!!!There are things I really really like about Hot Diggity.  Their snappy cased hot dogs are so yummy!  And their fries with various dipping sauces are divine (try the garlic aioli!).
My issue with Hot Diggity is every dog I've tried (Admittedly only 2, but I've also witnessed my husband attempting 2 different dogs as well) are so gosh darn messy!  Do the toppings really need to be so heavy and oozy that they get everywhere and half of them are left on the plate?
I love the Seattle Grunge Dog but it could do with about 1/3 of the cream cheese to make it easier to eat and not overpower the lovely snappy dog.
I just wish the topping to dog ratio was a bit more equal for an easier eat.  This isn't enough of a gripe to make me stop eating there because like I said, it's a great place with BYOB option! A nice addition to South Street for affordable and delectable food!I've walked past this place approximately one billion times without giving it a second look until a friend recently informed me they sell vegan hot dogs here. I've been a vegetarian for many moons, so hot dogs are just a faraway childhood taste memory for me. The opportunity to be reunited with a hot dog was just too tempting to pass up. However, these dogs are much more sophisticated than those of my youth- a quick glance at the chalkboard menu had me weak in the knees with its wide variety of wildly creative hot dog toppings. Feeling overwhelmed, I asked the friendly dude behind the counter for recommendations, and he suggested the Seattle Grunge, the Fiesta Dog, or the Big Kahuna. I, being the huge jerk that I am, still couldn't resist ordering the Saigon Fusion after he gave me three perfectly good recommendations. The description just spoke to me. He thought it was funny though, so I guess we're cool. 
The presentation was gorgeous in its simplicity- the cilantro and cucumbers were nestled lovingly underneath the dog, the shredded carrots and hot peppers evenly covered the top, and the entire thing was artfully drizzled in a sweet chili sauce. The flavors were spot on and I wish my friend had timed me to see how fast I actually wolfed it down. It was kind of hard to keep part of the dog inside the bun and to keep all the flavors integrated in one delicious bite, but I messily managed. The only reason this spot earned 4 stars instead of 5 is because I'm a big texture person and the dog was on the dry side. I was hoping for a bit more juiciness.  The dryness may just be an inconsistency in my particular hot dog though. Even if it wasn't, that's not going to stop me from going back and trying every single dog on the menu. At 5-6 bucks a pop, why not!I liked Hot Diggity and it was a fun kid-friendly place to bring my son. I used to order a Fiesta dog, and just ask that one half of the dog have only mustard. That used to be ok. My son is 6 and can't eat an entire hotdog. 
Tonight, I got a bunch of shit for ordering 1/2 with fixins and half plain for my son. Won't be going back. I wasn't even asking for a price break for a hotdog with only half of the toppings. 
Underdogs is better and cheaper anyway.I finally made it to HD after great recommendations from Rebecca S. and Vinny P.  I definitely did not need to eat a hot dog Saturday night, but I was in the neighborhood, and I've been trying all the new hot dog places recently.  HD is very similar to the just opened Underdogs except that they grill the hot dogs instead of boiling them.  I had a really hard time settling on a dog, but finally went with the Southern Comfort.  It came with coleslaw and spicy bourbon mustard.  
I have to give the win to HD as far as the taste of the hot dog goes.  It had a really great flavor, and I loved the grilled texture.  But I was not a big fan of the bun and the topping to dog ratio.  I ended up pulling off a lot of this bun because there was just too much of it.  Also, the bun is not toasted.  As for fries, they are def good, but not as crispy as would I have liked.  I tried the HD special sauce which was a tasty accompaniment.  I would like to go again and try the veggie dog, hopefully I like it, so I can justify having more hot dogs in my life.
So right now, I'm not sure if I like HD or Underdogs better...stay tuned!I love everythanggggg about Hot Diggity. Speciality hotdogs, mannn. Every time I go, they prove to me that the trip was worth it. Just Go and see for yourself!!!!So one day I'm diggin gloriously delicious vegan food, and the next day I'm splitting a bunch of hot dogs. I do what I please, got me?
Actually, all the specialty regionally dressed hot dogs can be made veggie dog style... but I gotta see about all that another day.
Hot Diggity opened down the street, all clean splarkly fresh and new... we were curious and the smell of Sabrett's lured us in. Oh I do appreciate a them snappy dogs
They place them in Liscio's rolls to hold all the various toppings sans sogginess. Good move, I say. We split the Bronx Bomber, a winner with sauerkraut, spicy brown mustard, and pickled onion relish. I'll tell you something else, the Big Kahuna dog was good too. Everything Hawaiian themed has to be called, "The Big Kahuna," dontcha know. Guava mustard, grilled onions, pineapple salsa and habanero aioli made for some sweet tasty business on that salty dog. The Cincinnati Skyline, in my opinion, was only aight however. The whiz/chilli combo kinda gnarled me a little, but of course...there is the chance that I was just overly brimming with hot dogs at that point?
Now listen to me. If all this frankfurter talk isn't doin it for you, OK, but you need to know something about Hot Diggity's fries. Yes we got fries too. I'll tell you what's what. They are so good. Remember how I feel about dipping sauces? I'm for em. The curry mayo is a lovely.
Hand cut, frites style, perfectly crispy, perfectly salted fries!  They're served in a brown paper cone. The tables have cone holes. Good thinkin.
Fries goes in the cone, cone goes in the cone hole..you go in the cone. Fries in the cone. Our fries.I've been here a few times, and I love it each time I go! My favorites are the Seattle Grunge Dog and the Fiesta Dog, although I had to ask for shredded cheddar on the Fiesta dog, which in my opinion should be a no brainer! I also love that they grill the hot dogs, gives them way more flavor than just boiled dogs!
The fries are also super good. Fresh cut and all..mmmm and the homemade sauces to did them in are pretty good too!
A little pricey, but so worth it!I love this place!  Evrything is awesome.  This month they had indian inspired wings that were amazing!  Just like everyone else says, the hot dogs and fries are awesome.  Definitely try the HD special sauce!We stopped here as part of an impromptu food crawl as our dinner did not quite fill us up....we were looking for a veggie friendly place and saw that EVERY dog is available vegetarian style! 
After just eating dinner I insisted we each get a dog so we got a Bronx Bomber and the Saigon Fusion. Um, yum. Wow, yum. The Bomber was traditional so I had to get it but the Saigon was over - the - top out of this world yummy - ness on a bun. We also got the fries and curry dipping sauce as recommended but the FANTASTIC staff. Owner popped over to our table for a hello and 2 more free dipping sauces - curry reigns supreme! 
Amazing service, super friendly staff and just freaking delicious dogs.
Grade: A , Fun in a Bun - get some.After nagging my husband forever (OK, the past 2 months) to give this place a try, we made the drive from Levittown to Philly specifically to break him in.  Our 3 year old son also came along.
My husband can't stop raving about the Bronx Bomber (sauerkraut, spicy brown mustard, and onion sauce) and the chipotle malt vinegar he got for our shared order of large fries (which he proceeded to eat about 4/5 of the cone before I could get a single fry!).  He even chatted up the counter guy to praise the quality of the food, gushing in particular about the super crisp 'kraut.
I had a Southern Comfort dog (creamy coleslaw and creole mustard) and found it great, though messy (YOU try being neat with a squirmy preschooler on your lap!).  The sweet and sour pineapple dip I got for my pittance of fries (thanks, dear!) was so good I wanted to take an ample supply home.
Our son, not being as adventurous as his folks (yet), got a Plain Old Dog and loved it.
It took us about 35 minutes to get there, but my husband declared it well worth the trip and is already trying to come up with scenarios that would lead us back to this awesome place.it's by far the best place I've been to in a while. the whole concept is awesome!
the service: the staff are super friendly and inviting and they remember you if you come in frequently. the service is quick and they will bring your stuff to you once it's finished so you don't have to stand around waiting for your food. 
decor: the decor inside is fun and bright, and the walls have a bunch of hot dog related signage from a simpler time in America's culinary history! the tables are confusing at first because of the holes in them...until they bring you your fries and put it in the hole! blew my mind, I thought it was the most genius thing ever!
food: the food is not for the faint of heart. I'm 6' and I can usually pack away food, but I can just barely finish a hot dog and half a regular size fries. the hot dogs are stacked with ingredients, the southern comfort (my personal favorite) comes topped with a bunch of coleslaw and good spicy brown mustard. others, like the Cincinnati skyline (another favorite with beef chili and nacho cheese on top) are even more packed. most will require a fork to get every last morsel. they also do every dog veggie, but I'm a carnivore, so I can't account for that. 
the fries are a really good hearty size. they're hand-cut every morning and fried to order. they were a little tough when they first opened but they must have started cooking them longer cause now they're like mashed potatoes inside. the sea salt they sprinkle them with is also super good and only makes everything better. 
they have a ton of different sauces to put on the fries in addition to plain old ketchup. the peppercorn ranch is great and the pepper tastes freshly ground, the chipotle mayo is super tasty, I hear the curry mayo is great but I don't like curry so give it a try. they usually give you a couple different sauces free of charge so you can get a variety of flavors. 
they're gonna be selling poutine starting in September, and they just had the surf and turf dog that will be added to the permanent menu also in September. 
they will soon be selling t-shirts with the image of your favorite hot dog from the menu, can't wait to get my southern comfort dog shirt!
they also use level-up, a new incentive program based out of Philly and available at several other local bars, restaurants, and stores. 
all in all, it's a great new spot and the food is delicious and tastes like they actually care about it.Great options on all the dogs. The roll was great too. Toasted on the inside and then soft and chewy on the outside. Also, really yummy Belgian style fries. I wanna go back right now.
3 dogs, a few drinks and a large order of fries was only $22. Thats a deal. The staff was super friendly and into the food as well.A much-needed addition this side of Broad. Just had the Bronx Bomber: loaded with crisp, flavorful kraut, sweet red onions with just the right spice, brown mustard. The weiner itself had a satisfying "snap" due to the natural casing. The house-cut fries were awesome, with a nicely browned skin outside and fluffy potato inside. Even the dipping sauce was excellent.
The service could not have been friendlier or faster. Can't wait to go back to try the other specialties, and a standard dog with nothing but yellow mustard. Also looking forward to the promised Philly dog, a throwback to my all-time favorite, Levi's. Thanks, Hot Diggity!I had the Cincinnati Skyline and fries with honey mustard for lunch today at Hot Diggity. The beef chili was really good, although a little greasy, and the hot dog itself had a lot of flavor. I could still taste it under all of the toppings. It was pretty messy, but you expect a hot dog covered in chili and cheese to be messy :) The thick handcut fries were nice and crispy on the outside. They were super hot when I got them, so they must have just come out of the fryer. The honey mustard was good too, and I used every drop of it with a small order of fries. Next time I think I will be a little more adventurous with the dipping sauces. They had a lot of really interesting choices. 
The guys that worked here were really nice, and they brought the food to my table very quickly.  I love the Hawk Krall art everywhere too, it's fun! This is a great summer lunch spot.I stopped in on a Spring Saturday to try a vegan do and went with the Windy City served vegan. The portions are big. Two dogs on a long bun. All the elements on the Windy City worked for me. The bun, the dogs, the just-right spicy mustard, the onions, the relish (a real asset for this dog) and the sliced tomatoes. 
I look forward to seeing what other dogs can be vegan-ized for lunch or just a really big snack.I love this place!  The staff is helpful, the sauces are amazing and the hot dogs are tasty.  I love the crazy combinations.  The hot dog with pineapple salsa (can't remember what it's called) is amazing.  Just know when the sign says "spicy" they are not lying.So these are really good hot dogs, or, at least I think it was the hot dog.  It might have just been the toppings.  We got the Texas Hold 'Em and the Saigon Dog both of which were quite good but I'd say the Texas wins out.  It was pretty filling for a hot dog but I probably could have gone for another but just didn't think it was worth it.  That leads me to the biggest draw back of the place, price.  These hot dogs aren't good deals.  They're over priced.  That means I won't go regularly but I will go when I have the right level of hunger and want a very unique hot dog.  So I guess that's their selling point--it's a buck or two over what I'd call a good deal but it's only a buck or two extra so when you want an interesting hot dog it's worth the extra money.
The homemade corn and lime soda had a nice bite to it.  It was definitely unique and enjoyable to drink although it clashed a little with some of the tastes in the hot dog.  Bonus that they let us try it in advance.
We went around 5:30pm on a weekday so it was pretty quiet.  The service was great and it was a relaxing place to sit and eat.  I hope the place does well since I'll want to go back every once and a while.Look, I can be a food snob like the rest of them, but sometimes I just crave a freakin' hot dog. Hebrew Nationals only, they are one of my guiltiest pleasures in life, even though God says that they're A-OK.
However, since I stopped eating red meat in October, those cravings have gotten much harder to satisfy. I read Mikey I.'s ROTD for Hot Diggity and damn, he made it sound so good! I debated whether or not I should venture down for lunch and posted a Facebook status. "Vegetarian hot dogs: worth trying?" I got mixed responses, but ultimately decided to go for it, but not before questioning the super nice guy behind the counter at Hot Diggity. He said he eats them sometimes, just for funzies and not because he doesn't eat meat. Ok, I'm sold. 
The dog itself was piping hot, crispier on the outside and relatively normal looking on the inside. I still got my hot dog flavor, but with barely any of the fat/cholesterol! Seriously, those pups are like 80 calories a pop. 
I got the "Bronx Bomber", which came topped with spicy mustard/sauerkraut etc., which definitely helped disguise the the origins of the dog. The roll was substantial and tasty. 
I'll be back for sure. The fries looked amazing!
Tip: pay with LevelUp (download the app for your phone) and the dog will only run you $2.25!Yep. It's a hot dog place. Yep. It's good. Nope. Make that great. Loved the Texas Hold Em dog. The fries are and hand cut and ginormus. Great onion rings too. Make sure when down on South St. in Philadelphia that you stop by for lunch.Finally had the chance to try out this place & I will def be a regular customer now.  Amazing selection of hot dogs that are absolutely loaded with toppings & reasonably priced.  
I wasn't feeling too hungry so I had the Fiesta dog which came on a hearty & toasted bun, guacamole, lettuce, tomatoes, & sour cream.  It was filling and fresh -- felt healthy w/ all the toppings.  My bf had the Bronx Bomber & Cincinnati Skyline which he enjoyed.  I was jealous when I saw the skyline bc it was loaded with cheese & chili.  We shared medium fries with the sweet pineapple sauce, chipotle mayo, & rosemary garlic.  Choosing those sauces was difficult bc they have 20 or so.  
Staff was great too -- super friendly & welcoming.  They happily bring your food over to your seats.  The only thing is that I wish there was more seating.  There's only 3 long tables & it's a popular spot so it can get cramped in there.Given that my wife is a vegetarian I find myself sampling a wide range of vegetarian options of regular food. My wife who is generally very very forgiving of vegan/vegetarian meat alternatives felt that the veg hot dog here missed the mark. I guess it was that hot dog was a little mushy and lacked flavor. Maybe she's just used to your standard supermarket soy dogs. 
That said, the pommes frites / french fries here are out of this world. The potatoes are fresh, handcut and because the deep fat fryers are positioned right behind the register you see them cooked in front of you.  
This brings me to Hot Diggity's signature dish, the Surf and Turf Dog. It kills me that I can only get this in Philly since everything else I can find a suitable substitute here in NY. The surf and turf dog is a hot dog, wrapped in a what they call a fish cake, and then rolled in potato hash and fried. The result described from the inside out is a perfectly juicy flavorful hot dog, a layer of moist dough that doesn't really taste like fish much at all, and a crust of hot crunchy potato crumbles nestled in a fresh bun. Extremely unique yes and also extremely good eating.Their surf-n-turf dog is usually my go-to for the obvious reason that it tastes beyond delicious. Occasionally I would op for the Saigon Fusion if I'm craving some Banh mi but can't get one. I recently tried the Mexi-Cali burger on their new menu and OMG, BEST BURGER EVER MADE!!!!!!!! And their fries and house sauce are incredible! Give this place a try if you're in the neighbor. Guarantee you will come back begging for more.4.4 Stars
Short: Nice folks, great and creative dog on a superb roll, wish there were more side dishes.
Less Short: I went to Hot Diggity for the first time, thanks to a great offer on LevelUp ($6 off your first purchase). 'Desert Dog' + Soda for $8, perfectly reasonable. The bun was really good (chewier and more substantial than a normal roll), the dog itself was really good (thin and long, crisped nicely), and the toppings were very good (pinto beans, tortilla strips [which fell out constantly], green salsa [which could have had more kick], chopped onion and tomato). The pinto beans worked with the tomato and onion to give the impression of a fresh tasting, less messy, less fatty chilli. Recommended. 
Also, the guys behind the counter were very nice. 
Only criticism: give us at least one not-french-fry side dish. I mean, look: I LOVE fries. And I've heard good things about their's. But I'm already eating a hot dog, which, for me, is somewhat guilt inducing. Give me a side of stewed greens, or succotash, or something as a side dish option that isn't even worse for me than the dog. Aside from that, great spot for a workday lunch. I'll be back.I'll start with these hot dogs are amazing!!! Very tasty and they are prepared in ways you would not imagine... 
I found this place on-line while looking for good food places in Philly.. When I read the reviews, I said I had to try this place.. And I am all smiles!
My hot dog of choice, put me in a very happy place. I think its called the "Seattle Scrung". They freaking put cream cheese on a hot dog.. Who would do that? That sounds horrible. But because I love cream cheese, I gave it a try and its the best thing smokin! Even my boyfriend ordered one after he ate his chili and cole slaw hot dog.. 
I am so excited to tell everyone about this place :)gourmet hot dogs with a variety of creative toppings and an awesome selection of dipping sauces. craft sodas. fresh hand cut friesThis place rocks! The dog and the toppings are of top notch quality. My favorite is the Saigon Fusion, but the Windy City is awesome too. Make sure to get some hand cut fries with their spicy ginger dipping sauce!Here's the thing about non-vegan joints with vegan offerings: if you build it, we will come...& we will tell our friends. Even if it's only one great vegan item on the menu, we'll eat it & we'll eat it often. And if there's one thing vegans are awesome at, it's spreading the word about awesome vegan foodstuffs. 
Hot Diggity has multiple vegan offerings. Vegan Hot Dogs--lots of variety of toppings (though I'm happy with just sauerkraut or relish). Vegan Wings. Fries. All very very tasty. 
This place is super close to my house, so you best believe I'll be here embarrassingly often now. Thank you, Hot Diggity for participating in Philly Vegan Day; for me, it was truly life changing.Okay so I can't speak for the hot dogs. I know, who comes to a place called Hot Diggity and doesn't order a hot dog? This guy, right here that's who! I had eaten not long before this, but some friends of mine wanted to check it out. I did order the french fries which proved to be delicious. Not only were they hot, but they were crispy and the boardwalk style fries a.k.a. the best kind! I was told by my friends that the dogs were legit. I wouldn't normally give a place like this 5 stars since I didn't have what they are known for, (instead I would just come back with a review update) BUT the fries were delicious, the staff is super friendly, and my friends have good taste so I will believe what they say about the dogs.Saigon was just the right mix of sweet and spicy. And the House sauce was delicious on the fries. As a connoisseur of hot dogs, this is nothing short of five stars.Looooooooove hot diggity. Their veggie dogs are great!  I get the desert dog and it's excellent. I cannot wait until they make a vegetarian Cincinnati dog. Apparently its coming soon--hurry up!
Their fries are good as well and the staff is always super nice and service is very fast.Really really really good hot dog. I only wish I'd gone on an empty stomach!This was my second time at Hot Diggity. I took my bf who loves a good hot dog to try it becasue I figured it would be right up his alley. I had the Southern Comfort and my bf got the Fiesta Dog and the Chicago Skyline. We also ordered a specialty soda each and a large order of fries with the house sauce (yum!) and the lemon thyme aoli. I loved the slaw on my Southern Comfort, but the spicy brown mustard on top of it left me with a really bitter taste in my mouth. Not my personal cup of tea, but I'm sure plenty of others would enjoy it. However, My bf enjoyed both of his dogs and I really liked the fries (my guilty pleasure) especially with the HD sauce. The large was a big order of fries for 2 people though. We probably should have gone with the medium. There are so many options at Hot Diggity, I'll have to try some more to see what my fav is. Plus they do a dog of the month, so I'm sure there are some pretty adventurous options there too.Amazing chili dogs. Great belgian french fries. They have so many hot dog variations to choose from. Friendly staff. My go-to hot dog place in Philadelphia.I'm a big fan of the gourmet hot dog trend, and hot diggity does it quite well. So far I've had the aloha and the texas holdem and can't wait to try moreExcellent hot dog combos/dressings with multiple sauces available all at a fairly reasonable price. 
Would definitely come back again for more. All that I missed was a brewsky to go with it.Maybe the economy has improved if business is doing well at this new "dog place " on South Street. It must be when folks are actually paying $2.00 for a fork full of sauerkraut (oh, yes and "onion sauce". 
Their basic dog (with RAW onions and mustard or ketchup) comes on a standard looking hot dog roll made for them by Liscio's bakery (now a crispier roll would really make this special). It's a Sabrett's dog which has the right snap and - like all Sabrett's - is tasty. This will set you back $3.00 plus tax. If you get, like others who posted here, a Bronx Bomber you get the above plus Sauerkraut  and "onion sauce" for $5.00 (plus tax). (Making the topping $2.00.). Most of the other specialty dogs are $5.00 to $6.00. Again, same roll, same dog, new toppings. I did see jars of pickles (chips) but I think you only get them if part of topping.
I also tried the French fries which come in a cup and the small was more than enough to share. ($3.50). They were tasty but VERY salty (and I love salt). Dipping sauces for the fries are 50 cents each for a small cup.
My plain dog and small fries plus one cup of dip  (no drink)was about $7.50 including tax. So be prepared to spend about $10.00 for a Plain dog, fries and a drink or over $10. if you want the other toppings.
Again, the dog itself (the meat on the roll) was excellent and I might get that again. Unless the fries lose some of the salt I won't be doing fries. 
This location has had many food establishments over the years - Bain's Deli, Tommy Gunn's BBQ, the Falafel place and all have failed. Mostly due to pricing and freshness of the food during the week -(and even weekends in the winter) when business is slow.
I'd love to see them succeed. (Vacant stores on South Street are not good for the neighborhood.). But, frankly - even in NYC you don't pay $5.00 for a Sabrett's dog with Mustard and kraut.Great vegetarian hotdogs...I love the bronx bomber! Staff is really cool and friendly...parking situation is actually pretty easy even though its on south street. Just went back to HD last night and found out they are BYOB, yet another reason to hit up Hot Diggity!Alright, so yes, this place totally lives up to the hype.  I know a thing or two about hot dogs, or so I thought....this place is amazing.  I opted for the special dog (An Alaskan Reindeer Meat Hot Dog, Butter-Rum Roasted Pears, Bacon & Rosemary Infused Sauerkraut, Roasted Red Pepper Chutney, Beets, and Shaved Almonds!)  How could I have passed this up?!  It was hot dog perfection.
I also got a small fry and those were phenomenal as well.  Big, thick cut, fresh french fries with a dozen options of homemade dipping sauces ($.25 each.)  I had the chipotle mayo which was fab.  To wash it all down I had the housemade smoked apple and juniper soda.   Seriously I would go back and do it all over again.  Service was friendly and snappy.  I can imagine it getting really uncomfortable in there when busy as there were only about 8 eating at the communal high-tops and I 
could smell everyone's food..  That said, its worth it and do yourself a favor...start planning your menu attack now!I love meat and there's nothing more American that a thick and juicy hot dog. This place instantly became a guilty pleasure. During the cold winters months, when I would reminisce about summer and picnics I would come here to enjoy not one but two hot dogs. I was a fan and still a fan but during my last visit, I was underwhelmed. 
I'm not sure if it was the bitter cold, snow on the ground, stale fries, or dry hot dog. This never happened before, I didn't feel like complaining, the place was kind of dead and maybe the ingredients may have just been sitting out. I am still rating this place 4 stars because I am a fan. It may have just been a fluke that I didn't enjoy it on my last visit but I will definitely be coming back. Don't let this review stop you from going because this place is really amazing. I cannot rave enough about how good it is but at times it's good to be honest about a bad experience. Don't be like me, if your fries are stale then say something. It's not their fault that I didn't say anything that's why I still tell my friends and you all to come here because it truly is delicious!The Habenaro mengo is awesome. Dogs are awesome. Save room for the fries. Other people in group said dogs are not worth it. Loved the fries and sauces. Took to long and no AC.Hot Diggity, the interjection, is so applicable in so many ways. They've got 10 awesome creations displayed proudly on their full-time menu. (The beautiful illustrations come by way of Hawk Krall, local illustrator and contributor to Serious Eats.) They've been done a special hot dog as well. I had the delightful chance to try their Philly Surf & Turf on my last visit. It's a Levi's Hot Dogs-inspired Philadelphia classic. Beef hot dog wrapped in fishcake, topped with pepper hash (PA Dutch cousin of coleslaw or so I'm told). I'm really hoping it makes it onto the fulltime menu.
On my first visit, I had the Cincinnati, topped with chili, cheese, scallion sand onions. It was amazing.
All in all, the service has been absolutely great. The hot dogs have been rejoiced by hot dog lovers and non-lovers alike. They've got fries with 12 different dipping sauces and there's even vegetarian options of most hot dogs on the menu.
The dogs are filling and delicious. So much that although I'd love to indulge in fries, I don't think it's the smartest move as I can only hold so much.
There's some debate on the authenticity of the regional hot dogs. I really don't care. The two that I've had are great and I'm sure the rest are too. The Sabrett's all-beef hot dog on the (special order?) Liscio's mini roll + their toppings is amazing. I know what you're thinking. An Italian roll for a hot dog? Trust me. It works beautifully. It's a little bit big but it's necessary to hold the overflowing toppings on their gourmet dogs. (There's standard ol' hot dogs available too.)
Right now, my main objective is to not get too fat on these things. That's really it. It's dangerously close to where I live. With all the vacant store fronts, South Street needs this so bad right now.I ordered a plain hot dog and a large French fry. The hot dog bun was rather stale and the hot dog tasted like it had been cooked hours ago. I believe the French fries had already been deep fried once so they were a bit soggy when I got them. I would not really recommend this place unless you don't have any other options.The Buffalo Dog, which was the special dog for September, was Kickass. Buffalo hot dog, blue cheese, crispy chicken skins, and hot sauce. gotta love that much TLC put towards the big baad dawwwg.
I was so inspired, that during my next munchie session, i made a hot dog with blue cheese dressing, sriracha, and chives. thank you hot diggity for the immaculate conception, the buffalo themed hotdog.Hot damn I love these diggity dogs
Umm they have good veggie dogs that taste very good and are not too expensive. AND SODA!  I LIKE THEM A LOT! FIVE STARS!These are some of the best dogs I've ever had.  The buns are perfect and the dog snaps when you bite into it.  Because of that you can't go wrong with any of the selections on the menu.  The windy city is a classic Chicago dog and is done to perfection.  I also enjoy the Saigon fusion, which is a play on banh mi.  The big kahuna sounds out there, but it works.  The Cincinnati skyline (a coney) is flawless.
Go with a few a friends and try out a bunch of the dogs.The menu is very different from what y you might expect, but everything is delicious.  Staff is also friendly.  Love the variety of craft sodas, too.  Try the fries with a couple of the dipping sauces.This is my favorite place to eat in Philly, no question.  The food: fast, delicious gourmet hot dogs with creative toppings and themes that are pleasing to the eye, tummy, heart and soul.  The fries are awesome, too: big thick fries, super good.  It's also a cool place, great staff/service, and they have pretty awesome sounding movie nights (never been, but someday).  Really, really love this place; hope they keep up the good work and keep the specialty dogs of the month coming!Hot Diggity does not disappoint - and really takes care to make sure the meat and dairy-freers can experience their specials. I recently had this month's special dog, the Pilgrim Harvest, which can be vegan without butter on the roll and with a veg dog. It had wonderful brussels sprouts slaw and a sweet - but not too sweet sauce. Alongside I had the cauliflower soup, which was creamy and delicious without any dairy (just ask for it without sour cream or whatever cream situation goes on top). The dogs are filling, the staff is all super nice, and everyone understands what a vegan can and can't eat. We filled up (my partner with 2 doggies, me with one and a soup) for $20. Great deal and great food!I never knew you could do so much with a hot dog. Pure heaven.Get the veggie fiesta dog.I recently ate my first ever hot dog and survived to tell about it! So here's the thing, I don't eat meat, never have never will, so the idea of faux meat is hard for me because I'm not really interested in something that tastes like meat.  However, I have a few friends that are bordering on physically addicted to hot dogs so I clearly wanted them to check this place out especially after I have read everyone talking about their amazing fries.
So I decided to take the plunge and try a vegetarian hot dog. And guess what? It wasn't bad and I ate the whole thing. I choose the Big Kahuna since I can't say no to pineapple + spicy. The flavors of the toppings overpowered any "hot dog" taste which I considered to be a great thing. It came on a tastey bun with 2 "hot dog links".  And since I was with a group I couldn't get completely mental about sticking something that looked an awful lot like a hot dog in my mouth. Win for everyone! I will definitely be back to adventure into this world again now that I know it won't kill me or make me wake up wanting to try real meat.  Also the fries were phenomenal and I love the cut outs they have in the table for them. I didn't love the homebrew root beer but I wouldn't say it was bad. Perhaps it just needed to be colder.A eating establishment is always held together by the glue of a functional and accomodating staff. At H.D. the violin strings are strung so tight that the orchestra is able to master a symphony of specialty dogs, made to order dogs, mountainous hand cut fries, and fresh as hell toppings. The smiles are complementary. 
          I was there as part of a group - 13, to be exact. I my gang of 3 were the first to arrive, and it was quiet inside on a Saturday night. I used the lull in business to pick the brains of the counter-people, inquiring about prep, some modifications, and arranging my veg dogs on lettuce leaves rather than a bun. I was met with all positive answers, setting me completely at ease and able to start chatting and wondering what the holes in the top of the longs communal bar tables were. I had decided they were for whack-a-mole while you were waiting for your dogs. As I searched around for the mallets, one of the workers brought a cone overflowing with hand-cut fries to a nearby table and placed them in the cone. Disappointment abounded.
I had made 2 birthday cakes for our gathering, and the employees were more than happy to be in on the surprise, hiding the cakes until the time we were ready and supplying a knife and forks. They of course received cake, too. I wanted to give them so much more, but alas, I am very poor.
             My dog hit the spot. a bronx on a lettuce wrap. Delicious - although I wish it has been overflowing with toppings - structurally this would have been impossible unless the lettuce leaves were heartier and bigger, and I DID throw them off guar, so maybe if lettuce-wrapped dogs become more popular they can adjust their lettuce. NOT a deal breaker for me, either way. The fact they happily tried to please me says so much - friendly is an understatement. I cannot stress this here. 
A "small" fry is deceptively large. I mean, neverending cones of fried swarmed our tables, as everyone COULD have gotten away with 2 to a person. While we feasted, the one employee came over with a pile of 7 different dipping sauces "just for us to try", just because. They included a coconut coriander (tasted like curry), something clever with thyme, a few really culinarily adventurous balsamics, and all in all they were all winners. WINNERS.  
         Everything flowed seamlessly - and I am already tring to decide which t-shirt I'm going to get. What I REALLY want is a t-shirt with the EMPLOYEES photos on it. Go here. Have dogs. Stay awhile. And tell me if you DON'T have a Dog-gasm. I Dare you. I DOUBLE Dog Dare you. (I'm sorry - I had to - YOU understand.)