Quick, cheap and tasty, only lunch under $5 within walking distance of Comcast centerOh man.  I always wondered why I frequented this locale.  It always felt like some kind of hot "spot" .  My friends also warned/encouraged me.
Ok. It was one friend and he never did have the best taste in mexican.
..... not sure how deep i can get on this.  They had/have a stupid tuna burrito.Honestly it's not THAT bad here. 
I had take out from here and ordered nachos and a chicken burrito for $5 -- you can't beat it. I mean of course there are many other places that are better but for the price it's just fine by me. If you want something more then no frills mexican that's a slight step up from taco bell, you need to go elsewhere.I really like this place. However, it was not love at first sight. The first time I ever went in here to order, I only had credit cards and a fifty dollar bill. There was a nice sign on the cash register which informed me they did not take bills over 20 as soon as I got up there after waiting in a long line. The lady at the register was about as nice as the Soup Nazi and proceeded to put my drink back in the case as I informed her of my fifty. Still can't figure out why they wouldn't accept it - place does great lunch business and I'm sure there were tons of twenties in the register...  
Aside from that first experience, the food here is really good and really affordable. The prices are almost identical to a place like Taco Bell but this is good Mexican food and is very clean. Their Chicken Taco Salad is the best - you don't feel terrible after eating the food here and you get a great meal.  I think its worth it to try at least once if you are in the neighborhood.  It's only open during lunch hours during the week so don't go at night.Not a fan.  Sorry.  With Qdoba nearby and really GOOD places like Xochitl and Tequila's, I guess I am forever spoiled.  Even my former experience with San Francisco tacquerias puts Hot Tamales to shame.
I had a burrito with spinach, mushrooms and supposedly turkey - but it seemed almost exactly the same as the ground beef my friend ordered.  Weird.  And bland.  And just not that tasty.
It's not that the food is dangerous or anything - it's just not that good.
It is cheap, however.  And crowded at lunch time (I thnk they are closed at dinner time.)
Whatever.
Not really worth the energy.Spectacularly average Mexican, pretty limited menu, indifferent staff. No real reason to ever go backI just got back from Hot Tamales for lunch today...I can feel the stomache ache brewing already.  It has a few redeeming qualities, namely price and portion, but as you can see from its less-than-stellar reviews, the drawbacks are far more numerous.  Take the bland decor, not that the decor has much to do with the quality of your lunch, but it's like a cafeteria.  The food isn't much better, which as others have duly noted, has absolutely no flavor...Hot Tamales?  What's so hot about it?  Even the hotsauce is bland, it came right from the soulless bowels of Aramark.  Would it hurt that bad to invest in some seasonings?  
I got a chicken taco salad, which was huge, but not very satisfying to my taste buds, and a "crunch-n-munch burrito"  ...OK whoever thought it would be a cute idea to name a burrito crunch-n-munch deserves a lobotomy.  It was supposed to be Turkey, but I noticed no difference in taste or texture from what I would imagine is their ground beef.
Service was satisfactory as far as I'm concerned, but apparently they are rude and snappy if your order isn't as fast and coordinated as the Soup Nazi's soup stand.
My friend likened this place to Taco Bell, but with better ingredients...maybe the next step up if you ask me, but not by much.  
Go here expecting the following: cheap food, filling portions, a stomache ache.
Don't go here expecting any of the following: authenticity, flavor, atmosphere, a reason to go back.This place is cheaper and worse than Taco Bell. Went with colleagues for lunch and were excited for some nearby Mexican. Couldnt be more wrong - the chicken is boiled and mashed, and the quality of ingredients is pitiful. Avoid this place and go to Chipotle of Qdoba.You know those days that you are so darn hungry you're willing to eat your own arm? Well, I suggest saving your poor appendage the horror and heading over to Hot Tamales. I can't pretend the food is awesome, but it's relatively tasty and crazy cheap (I'm talking 3 tacos for like $6). They are quite efficient in that little kitchen, I've never waited more than 10 minutes to receive my meal. It's a great option when you're starving and don't have a lot of time/money to grab food. Note: it's cash only.The workers and owners who run this place are horrible, nasty, and rude. They don't care about the customers, they don't care about good service and they definitely don't care about good food. Do yourself a favor and stay far away from here. The food can't really be called Mexican because it comes out of cans and is barely edible.This place is for the unadventurous, taste bud lacking, office workers of city center. This place sucks. I'd rather eat at Taco Bell. The ingredients are incredibly bland. EVERYTHING is "cooked" in a microwave. The prices are as low as the servings are small. Barf.This place makes taco bell look like real deal Mexican. I would take chain Tex-Mex any day.This place is close to my work and it's always always packed.  I do not know how it being so packed and busy with repeat business reconciles with the other people's reviews here--but moving on.
I like this place, I get a side order of refried beans and some seltzer water every time I go.  
I'm not a Mexican food snob, or a foodie, I do not know what is "good" Mexican food, though I'm pretty sure food being made by white people in assembly line fashion probably isn't it.  I do know what my mouth likes, and my mouth likes the refried beans at Hot Tamales.  
Try and schedule your lunch during an off time or else you'll have about a 5 minute wait after ordering your food and you might have to eat outside or take it to go.I have been eating at Hot Tamales for over 10 years and I still go back when I have a chance even though I no longer work in Center City.  
The food is affordable and delicious.  If you are looking for authentic mexican food or upscale cuisine, then this place is not for you.  But if you are looking for tacos and burritos that are a step above Taco Bell, then Hot Tamales is the place!  
It can get busy during prime lunch time, so it's a good idea to get there at an off-peak time if you don't feel like waiting.This is the worst mexican food I have every had, worse than taco bell.  If you like taco bell is a unique food type that fine but it is horrible mexican food. Atmosphere at Hto Tamales is dark and dingy, the prices are cheap but thats because the quality is so far below par its ridiculous.  I ordered the california burrito, the thing is too enormous for its own good.  I literally took one bite and threw it in the trash, gross!  Avoid this place and go around the corner to the burrito and juice bar on 17th and Arch.  It's twice as expensive but 10 times the quality.Well... If you're looking for lunch for under $5, then this might be an option.
That is, if you're interested in a seriously american-fast-food-without-the-flavor interpretation of a taco. Their tacos and burritos have no spices, and aren't even really what I would quantify as burritos- for example, you have to get the super-special much more expensive burrito to even get rice and beans. 
Sure, they'll sell you food for under $5, but honestly? You're better off with a cart.Was picking up boots at the shoe repair shop across the street and noticed this spot, which describes itself as "unexpected Mexican". I was intrigued by that descriptor and a tamale sounded amazing to me on one of the coldest days so far this winter. Upon entering the restaurant, I observed that the place is clean and well set up and it smelled great but that's where the good ends and the bad begins.... 
I should have turned around and walked back out the door as soon as I realized that there are *NO TAMALES* on the menu. If a restaurant owner doesn't see the problem with naming his/her establishment after a menu item that they don't actually serve, that's probably a pretty big red flag as to how seriously they're taking their menu... However, I was in a hurry so I persisted to order a black bean salad.
I kid you not, the "salad" (ha.) turned out to be a bed of tortilla chips (?????) under a bed of shredded taco lettuce with a little bit of rice, a few black beans, and some diced tomatoes masquerading as salsa on top. If such a thing sounds appetizing to you then make it yourself and save the $8 and heartache that there are still Philadelphians who think this qualifies as Mexican food in the year 2016. They have a few press-clippings hanging by the cutlery station from when their original location opened in the mid-90's, which honestly explains a lot. In 1995, middle school cafeteria-style tacos might've been acceptable, or even exciting, to find in a Center City restaurant but, thankfully, those days are long-gone. There are, quite literally, *dozens* of better options for authentic and/or creative Mexican food in Philadelphia and I would recommend literally any of them over Hot Tamales, including national chains.
Truly, the only thing "unexpected" about Hot Tamales is how shockingly bland and totally inauthentic the food is.I've gone about 5 times since the beginning of year. They make basic Mexican food and they don't claim to be chefs. It's delish and the 80's music thats played during my meal is why I come back !I used to eat at Hot Tamales when it was on 4th Street just off South. This would have been the early 90s. I would come home from a 40 mile bike ride, shower, then walk over exhausted, and consume some cheap mexican. It was never crowded, and had the feel of a funky, off the beaten path kind of place. Though not "truly mexican", it was at least "light and fresh".. it didn't fill you up and load you down like huge burritos covered in cheese.
The owners were always there, preparing the food. They were nice, and remembered your face enough so that they could anticipate any little deviations you habitually had... such as no lettuce on the enchilada, or whatever the hell it was I ordered. It's such a nice thing when you aren't forced to explain your gastronomic idiosyncrasies to the waiter every time you order. It takes energy, and you begin to feel as if you're just a whiny complainer who can't take what is offered.
But like all really good things in this world, it outgrew it's perfection and took the predictable step of moving to a new location in order to replicate it's formula to a vast downtown crew of lunchtime office workers.
I followed it there. Goodbye quirky tree-lined charm of 4th street.. hello vast impersonal canyon of JFK Blvd. Things would never be the same. Well, the food is the same. But the place is only really open for lunch. No more late evening food. When you close at 4pm, you just can't be cool anymore. 
The final straw was when I noticed that the guy who owns the place was wearing a Rolex watch. I remarked... "Whoa, a rolex". To which he replied, "Hey, I earned that". Indeed he had. He and his wife worked their asses off, and made the right strategic moves to rake in that lunchtime money. But in so doing, the snatched from me one of the pure places of downtrodden joy available in this world. Unforgivable. 
When I pass along 4th street now, I have to focus to remember which of the storefronts used to house Hot Tamales "back in the day".  Such things are inevitable. If you live long enough, not only will you lose your grandparents... you'll lose your burritos too.yuck! yuck! yuck! the only thing mexican about this place is the names of the food. it tastes like food from a ballpark.
everything is overcooked and flavorless.
the guacamole?? it must be powdered it doesn't taste like it ever came from an avocado. 
the only people who like this food are people who have probably NEVER had real mexican food and have no taste buds.
AND the woman's attitude at the register was just as bland as the food.
 yeah the prices are cheap but with qdoba and chipotle a few blocks away its work the extra few blocks walk.I have never really thought much of the food here. Today it was again mediocre and it came with attitude instead of helpful service. I will not be back. And since I was the only one in there..I dont think many others are going back either.I thoroughly enjoy this place.  I work a rock's-throw away so some mornings I "accidentally" forget to make a lunch and mosey on over.  They are quick and pleasant.  I tend to stick with the basics, burrito combo, switching between beef and turkey.  
The tacos are pretty good too.  Nice cheap eats.  The burrito combo alone comes to $3.31 and honestly can tide me over for the afternoon.  If I'm rather famished that day I'll add a taco on for an extra $1.35 or so (soft shell).  
It's great for what it is - a quick lunch stop on the cheap.I don't really get the low reviews for Hot Tamales.  I have been a customer since they were in a smaller space on Sansom St waaaay back in the day!  I could eat here everyday - and when I worked at 18th & Market, I practically did except for maybe one day out of the work week and that was simply because I was too embarrassed to go in for the full week.  I love their hardshell tacos that have just the right amount of meat, cheese and tomatoes.  And I have no idea what how they make their chili but the chili chilito is something that I dream about frequently.  If only they were open on weekends...Everything the reviewers are saying is true. This place is merely a stand-in for fast food Tex-Mex at best Mexican, and unhealthy as hell at that. It's cheap. It's quick. It's a meal filler. 
And guess what? I love it!
Hot Tamales has been around for almost 20 years now. I have been going there for over ten years, since they were located next to the wonderful coffee shop Crimson Moon over at 20th and Sansom. 
How do I love Hot Tamales? Let me count the ways....
-Super cheap! I dare you to try to spend more than 7 bucks at this joint. You can't!
-It's quick! On the run in Center City? Here is lunch in 15 minutes.
-More importantly, its GOOD. These reviewers can compare Hot Tamles all they want, but the ingredients used here are fresh. The lettuce has crunch and the tomatoes are sweet. 
Oh, and yeah, it isnt pretentious. I know most people now need a heaping of impossible to understand ingredients in their Mexican food. Go to El Vez or Distiro if you need to feel like a high and might jackass who cant spend less than $25 for a few burritos. 
Me, I'll stand by Hot Tamales, a fixture in the quick-style food section of Philly going into this third decade!!I thoroughly enjoy Hot Tamales. I work very close by and am a frequent patron of the restaurant. 
The food is dirt cheap. You can get three tacos for $6. You aren't going to find anywhere else in downtown Philadelphia with HT's prices. It's also very tasty for what it is. It's not the best meal I've ever had but it's only 6 bucks so for what I am getting, I can't complain. 
Word to the wise, the restaurant is only open at lunch time and it can get very crowded which means it can be a while before your "fast food" arrives. I would recommend arriving after 1:00pm in order to avoid the lunch rush. I normally only arrive after 1 and typically only wait around 10 mionutes to get my food. 
Overall this place get's a four solid stars for being decent fast food in the middle of downtown.When the clock has struck 2PM and I realize I haven't eaten lunch, I pick up my bag and head straight over to Hot Tamales.  The name is a bit misleading, as the place doesn't even have tamales on the menu, but that doesn't bother me much.  The cheap tacos and burritos as well as tasty chicken salad (don't forget the hot sauce!) make all my  worries go away (well, maybe not all, but a lot of them).  
The only problem with this place is that it gets crowded, and fast!  I recommend going for an early lunch or a very late one, or be prepared to stand in a line and then wait in a longer line for your food.  Other than that, I'm a definite fan.I instantly felt sick after the first bite. Rotten taste. The only warm thing in this rancid diaper of a chicken burrito is the canned refried beans. Literally, this is what's in my burrito: 2 pounds of refried beans (warm), some dry chicken shrapnel (cold), dead shredded lettuce (probably poisoned), and pure unadulterated fear. My first thought was, "it's been such a long time since I've felt this level of disgust." Illusion of value = suspiciously cheap = how can a restaurant be run this poorly? "Quesadilla" is identical to Taco Bell soft taco, yet somehow worse. It's like they're actively trying to be worse. Only in business because people don't want to wait in line at a better restaurant during Center City lunch rush. I don't think they even have tamales on the menu, not that I'd eat one on a dare. After you open the front door, trust that little voice in the back of your head that screams run.High school cafeteria Mexican At high school cafeteria prices   
Cheap and quick that's about itGreat lunch spot. I've been going to Hot Tamales for years. The owners are always super friendly, remember my usual order, and play great music. The food is consistent and affordable, if maybe kind of no-frills. In my book though, that's not a criticism.This place seems to do fine, but I'm not sure why. It seems to serve only "Mexican" food for people who think chipotle is more authentic than taco bell. Food is boring and generic. No idea what kind of cheese this is bit it's about as Mexican as the rest of the menu. Actual menu item: "Bacon Cheeseburger burrito - beef, bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and spicy mayo". What? It seems clean (the reason for 2 stars over 1), the people eating here seem not hungry when they leave, but that doesn't make me want to eat here. Also, it's called hot tamales, they don't serve tamales, aka the single best Mexican fast food there is. 
I will eat my shoe* if more than 3 people on premises (staff included) during the lunch rush have actually been to Mexico.
*note - I will not.The food could be a bit better, sure. But its fast and it's cheap and that's, pretty much what I ordered. Perhaps I'm being generous but it coulda easily been worse.
Parking was convenient and the service was still good despite the crowd. 
Overall I'd recommend coming here for a good time more so then the food.How do you mess up tacos?  I went with a co worker and immediately regreted the decision.  The food was mostly inedible.  Even for the price it is awful.  
They have a huge menu with delicious sounding items like the spinach burrito which is rice, spinach and mushroom cheese sauce.  I got this.  It was microwaved spinach, cheddar cheese (maybe?) and unseasoned rice all microwaved once again in a tortilla.  
I wish that places like this would just have a few cheap things on the menu and focus on making them good.
The staff was very nice which is why I didn't give it one star.  The lady at the register was friendly and the food came out quickly.  I would be grumpy sometimes too if I had to serve that food and wasn't allowed to put out a tip jar at the register.Great value. Fast, easy, and cheap, and the food only sort of reflects that. Tacos and burritos are good, don't bother with salads or quesadillas.This is a no-frills Mexican joint.  Don't have high expectations, but do have an empty stomach. 
The burritos and tacos are good and will do the trick if you're craving something spicy.  Skip the nachos and cheese though as the cheese is gooey and resembles cafeteria-style cheese whiz.  
Bottom line: It's cheap.  It's decent.  You can grab lunch for under $5.  Try doing that anywhere else in this area.I went on  a weekday around 1:00PM. There was only one person working the counter and the food took about 20 minutes or so due to the large line. I ordered a vegetarian burrito and a side of chips and salsa. The burrito had fallen apart before I picked it up. The chips looked like store bought tostitos with canned salsa. There was nothing exceptional about either item except for the price, which was only slightly above Taco Bell prices. Given the slow service and the somewhat bland food, I find it hard to recommend Hot Tamales.Good food; Friendly service. However, they don't use gloves while preparing your food. They may take your order and handle the money and go right back to touching the food they're preparing without gloves or washing their hands.I wish I could give a half star. I went there for lunch after a peer planned a lunch and work thing there. Terrible. I  got the two pounder California chicken and it just sucked. No flavor, No salt, No spice nothing at all. I ended up throwing the whole burrito! Cheap doesn't always mean good. Go somewhere else. And yea, its cash only.The food is decent. Comparable to Taco Bell, but i noticed today that they don't use gloves. I saw the guys behind the cashier in the kitchen throwing lettuce into tacos/burritos/etc without any gloves. That's pretty nasty.This place is alright. I ordered a california bowl a couple of weeks ago and it was decent. Just a bunch of slop in a bowl, really. Chicken, rice, beans, salsa, sour cream, cheese (cheddar I think, maybe monty jack) and guac if my memory serves correct.
It all seemed fine and not particularly fresh. Especially the salsa. The salsa was straight from a can. Reminded me of those Pace picante sauce commercials. New Yawk City. Yeah, that one. 
I got my bowl to go and it came out super fast. Like amazingly fast. Like I ordered and paid. And then I looked at the menu again while I waited. I got half way through the tacos and BAM my bowl was hot, ready and packed up nicely to go. And it stayed hot all the way back to the office. 
Interested in coming back at some point and exploring the rest of the menu - especially if I don't have time to kill!Great lunch spot if you work in Center City. Tacos are a little over a buck and usually 3 or 4 will do the trick. The BLT burrito is amazing.
Caution: Burrito's are small, that's why most are around $3... My recommendation: get 2 or 3 tacos and a burrito to make for a great lunch. And don't forget the amazing hot sauce to add on top. Avoid nachos as it's not melted cheese, more of a cheese fry sauce.
Always friendly service and very quick... Even has a outdoor seating on a nice dayI love this place. I've been coming here for years. Make sure you bring cash tho- they don't accept cards.Can't beat the price at this place.  Get there about 10-15 minutes before noon and you'll easily get a table.  Hot sauce bottles are shared, so you'll get a lot of other customers asking if you are done with your bottle yet so apply early.  Food is average.  It's not the greatest but certainly not the worst but again, can't beat the price and what you get.  I've been going here about 15 years and it's been consistent since Day 1.The worst! Cheap but awful. There is no difference between a burrito and a taco. If you want beans and/or rice with your burrito, you have to pay more! People in third world countries eat beans because they are cheap. This place puts a price premium on this staple.I like this place a bunch. It's low budget, decent food and just half-block from work.  I only go after 1:30/2p, too crowded otherwise.
My favorites are the Macho Nachos (loaded w/jalapenos) and the Blazin' Buffalo Chicken burrito.  Not a meal to bring a date, but definitely for an good, quick, inexpensive meal.I love Spanish cuisine, authentic or fast food. I stopped at Hot Tamales one day for lunch because I always walked past it when going to the 7-11 and thought I would give it a try. First off, my gf and I waited in a long line to give our orders. When we finally reached the register I realized I only had my debit card with me and they only accepted cash (no signs on the doors or anywhere else except for a small sign on the register which you can't see until you're right on top of it). I went safe and ordered two tacos, thinking that would pretty hard to screw up. Boy was I wrong. Not only did the food take awhile to come out but it was the blandest taco I have ever tasted in my life! It was as if they didnt season the beef at all. It was just a bad experience overall. The only plus side to this place is that they are cheap. But if you want cheap you could just walk over to Taco Bell @ 30th Street and your guaranteed good fast-food.Finally tried this place after walking by many times. Wish I hadn't. It is very inexpensive and you definitely get what you pay for. The food wasn't horrible, but it was bland and just tasted cheap. The best way I can describe it is that it tasted like someone described to them what a burrito was and they winged it without ever trying a real one. The only way I would recommend this place is if you were very hard up on money and just looking to put inexpensive food in your belly. I will not be coming here again.I work across the street, so when I'm hungry and short on time and have waited long enough for the lunch carts to have all gone home, I will occasionally think to myself, "Oh, cheap tacos. That place was ok, right?"
And then, 20 minutes later, I'm holding my belly and thinking, "Why did I do that again? Why don't I ever learn?"
Yes, they are cheap. The basic burrito is under $3. So of course, you set your standards kinda low, and go for it.
Except I guarantee you, Taco Bell uses better ingredients. The "turkey" is this horrific mass of spongey brown chunks that are supposed to imitate ground meat, although why there was a shriveled up piece of what appeared to be celery that had been freeze-dried and reconstituted, I don't know. The chicken is shredded and unrecognizable. I've never been stupid enough to try the beef.
It's simply nauseating. The reviewer who said they use fresh ingredients because the lettuce is crisp has a different definition of "fresh ingredients" than I do. These guys obviously buy hyper-processed generic materials in bulk, or possibly they take leftovers from other area restaurants. Maybe the "turkey" had celery because it was originally destined for meatloaf. Or dog food.
More likely dog food.
$3 will get you a few pounds of fresh fruit from the fruit carts. It'll also get you a fresh egg/cheese sandwich with lettuce, tomato, onions from any lunch cart. 
And if you splurge and go to $4.50, you can get fresh marinated chicken breast pulled from its marinade and grilled right in front of you, and then turned into the most delicious sandwich ever, from Khalid's cart outside the Starbucks on 18th and Market, a block away.
Seriously. There are better things to do to your intestines for under $5, that don't involve a food experience this shameful.There isn't really much to say about this place accept for inexpensive food. I've tried some of their more unique offerings, the potato pierogie burrito and the chicken carbie burrito and each one was really bland. After seeing a co-worker come to lunch a few times with a bag full of food from there, I went again and got the original chicken burrito and some chips with cheese and salsa. Its ok, I feel like this is food that a random snack bar would serve. Its cash only and only open for lunch during the week so those are other possible downsides for customers.Great spot if you want quality, Americanized Mexican food at a fantastic price (i.e., $1.19 for a taco). I would recommend anything there but would have to vouch for the classics: original burrito, hard shell corn taco, nachos. The Crunch & Munch is a Hot Tamales original that is another great recommendation. Atmosphere is on point as well with hits from the 80s on repeat. Also, wait time for your food is almost nothing. Lastly, don't forget it's cash only.If you are looking for crappy, cheap iceberg lettuce style Tex-Mex that is one step above from Taco Bell, this is the place for you. And I say this as someone who occasionally craves exactly that. 
Tacos are around $1.  I usually get the ground turkey.  The hot sauce is vinegary style and good. 
Today, for some reason I opted for the spicy "beef" chili salad. Unfortunately, it was like 99.9% beans and if it had 1/2 oz of beef on it, I'd be surprised. But besides that, and the fact that they wouldn't sell me an extra side of tortilla chips (it would have been the same price as their nachos) this place is not half bad.  
I can't lie. I will definitely go back.I eat lunch here at least three times per week. They are tacos llike mom used to make with the help of Old El Paso. That isn't a bad thing! The tastes are clean, the tacos are simple, the burritos and chillitos none to spicy. Nothing is greasy. I get a simple inexpensive lunch with this unusual hot sauce that is more Carolina pulled pork baste than Tabasco. I crave that sauce.
Try it of you don't need beaucoup salt and cayenne to enjoy your lunch.Convenience - A (It's right across the street from work!)
Food - B- (Not the worst burrito I've ever had)
Value - A (Gigantic and cheap)
Decor - who cares? Take it outThere's a good deal of nuance in the way I appreciate Hot Tamales. The whole is more than the sum of its parts so I think a deconstructed view helps. Furthermore, I should also state my underlying beliefe that consistently mediocre is in my view better than occasionally great. 
Pros
-No surprises - there's such a thing as really bad food, but the fare at HT is not. The food is consistent, tastes fresh but is bland and completely unimaginative. That said, you're not going to be biting down on bone or tendon and pulling stuff from your chipped teeth wondering WTF is that?!?
-Cheap - the prices are literally just inflated over early '90s taco bell with tacos starting at $1.19.
-Crafty - I think they're onto something in their art of upselling. With low margins on the food, HT milks the peripherals like $0.19 to-go hot sauce (which I suspect is sysco generic hot sauce liberally cut with water) cups and an extra charge for the living large upgrade of 'fiesta rice.' I don't mind. I study it and think of ways I can apply this kind of scrap to my life.
Cons
-Otherwise underwhelming. 
-Decor - somehow reminds me of Saved By the BellI'm not impressed. I ordered the chips and salsa and two beef tacos, one hard and one soft. The chips and salsa were okay although the spice level was nearly non-existent. The tacos weren't great. The hard taco shell was stale and unappetizing. The taco comes with cheese, lettuce, meat, and salsa. It was dry and didn't have much flavor. The soft taco was the same story except it wasn't a stale taco shell. 
The one thing this place has going for it is the prices. It was $7 for chips and salsa, two beef tacos, and a fountain soda. Not bad. 
The people working there were polite enough. Beyond the food, the drawback for me was their music is terrible. No thank you.So, I think this is the place on JFK and 18th. If Its not, sorry.
Long lines, snotty staff, and shitty mexican. The staff acts like they are doing you a favor. My favorite is the dude who types as fast as humanly possible onto the register. He'll take your order in 2 seconds only to have you wait 10 minutes for a quesadilla that looks more like a tiny soft taco folded over and microwaved. Also, this place uses cheese whiz type queso in their signature chilito. The prices aren't half bad, but the ingredients rival the quality of the ingredients you'd find at an Aldi grocery store.I'm really not quite sure why this place receives so many 1-star ratings (come on. that's harsh). I have been a big fan of Hot Tamales since some coworkers told me about it just over a year ago.  First of all, if you're going here and expect cheap Mexican food to be either A) The best Mexican food you can possibly find in the city or B) Authentic, NOT Tex-Mex style, you will be disappointed. No one goes to Taco Bell for a high-class feast, either.  That said, I do believe Hot Tamales to be excellent for what it is.  I know I'm not the only one because any time I bring up the idea of going there, any coworker within earshot rushes over with money in hand begging me to pick up something for them, as well. Their menu items may be hit-and-miss according to your tastebuds but gems can be found if you know what to order and what extras to add to them.  The addition of jalapenos or guacamole or some of their other extras can really dissolve the "blandness" people describe here.  The hot sauce IS a joke and is to be avoided though, as others have pointed out.
As for the issue with the food taking a long time.. yes, that can be a concern but it usually happens because, (not surprisingly) it's a small place and most of their customers show up around the same time of day.  For instance, I showed up at noon today just behind a group of 12 businessmen who ordered before me and sat down to wait for their food. I had to wait for their small kitchen to complete 12 full orders before getting to mine.  It happens. It's just exactly the same as if you arrive at a popular place with a drive up window and have to wait in line behind a bunch of other cars.  I would not fault the restaurant for not serving you as quickly as you deem appropriate when they are simply trying to keep up with demand for their food.
My main complaint? They are not open on weekends when I could ride bike down to eat there more often!  In summary: When I want cheap, decent tex-mex style food and am in the area, this is my first thought every time.  If I want authentic Mexican or something special, I can go to any number of other places.  Hot Tamales is great for what they are, in my opinion.bunch of whiners on here. It is very good for the price. I came back and told my co-workers to try this place. the place is clean, the people where nice and the food is not bad. Can't ask for much more in this ratty city!I don't understand how this place stays in business. They have very limited hours and their food is terrible. I have never had worse Mexican food. Nothing is authentic to the point I even asked for hot sauce and was given buffalo sauce and was told that is all they have right now. Chipotle has better Mexican food than this place. I would recommending going anywhere else but here for food. Well at least it was a cheap mistake.The name of the restaurant is "Hot Tamales" and they don't serve tamales. When I asked the Betty-Page wannabe about it, she was a little rude. Needless to say, never stepping foot in a Hot Tamales again.With the increasing competition (Mexican Post, Qdoba and now Joe's), I would like to give a shout out to my favorite place down town. It's not the best Mexican food in the world, but it is quick and provides definite value-for-money. I think that you are better off going here than one of the large fast food chains, plus they are local and different, which is nice when you can get it.
Hot Tamales is really only open for lunch. You can get a good, freshly made burrito here for less than $4. For this area, that is an unbeatable lunchtime deal. Get in line before 11:45 am or you may be in for a long wait. 
There is a seating area, which quickly fills at lunch time. The interior is simple but well-maintained, so I would not call it a dive. It is probably not the best place for a romantic date, unless you are into Formica table tops and offbeat eighties music. (There is no TV, but they do play B-sides and such from eighties-era bands and that is kind of fun for people who are of a certain age.)
It might be true that the pricing on the take-away hot sauce and rice is a little stiff. There can't be much margin on the actual burritos, so I can't find it in me to hold an extra dime or two against them. If you are eating in, there are large squeeze bottles of hot sauce for no extra charge.This place is usually closed when I am around it as it's only open for lunch hours. However today I was actually in the vicinity when it was open so decided to try it. Was pleasantly surprised to see $3.00 burritos but that should have been a warning sign. I was treated rudely by the hostess when I asked her what comes in the burrito and what I could add to it. Ended up paying about $7.50 for a chicken burrito and chips and guacamole. Was one of the worst burritos I've ever had, honestly would have preferred Taco Bell. The rice in the burrito was Not fully cooked, it was overloaded with refried beans and barley any tasteless chicken. The guacamole also was not tasty and it was a tiny amount that was plastered over the chips (did not even come in a separate container). The only thing this place has going for itself is their low prices, but understandably so since their customer service and food quality is so poor.Had lunch from here during a work meeting.  I had the carnitas tacos.  Very good and fresh but the portions are small (only 2 in a box).  Someone else got the nachos and they were huge and they were also very fresh!  Great lunch spot.This place was gross man. I wanted to like it but I couldn't. I got a burrito and it literally was a cold brick that had too much beans, and watered down by the amount of lettuce. The meat had no spices and the wrap wasn't toasted or warm. This place is for someone who can stand bland bland bland food. I'll stick to Taco Bell if I wanted cheap "Mexican"Gave one star since none is not an option.  This place is a DISASTER.  Girl at register is NASTY.  I live nearby but work north of CC.  First time I could go in after I ordered I asked 'why not open on weekends', no reply, assumed she didn't hear me so said it again, her response was 'because we don't want to be'.  Oops, she had heard me.  Food was OK (definitely cheap, both cost and quality).  Was in mood for Mexican again so decided to give it another try.  Was in just before noon.  Place was completely empty.  Ordered, got order, it was wrong, when asked about it she argued intensely that it was my mistake not hers (assume it wasn't her first time at this rodeo).  It's a shame, could use a good low cost lunch place in the area.  Unfortunately this DUMP is not it...(Oh gosh. I normally write reviews to the tunes of my favorite songs. But, as I hated this establishment, I shall choose a song I also can't stand. So: To the tune of "Achy Breaky Heart" by Billy Ray Cyrus)
You may find yourself stuck, or in a dining rut
And think that you should hit this little place
Unassuming, sure, but don't open the door
Or you'll have a big grimace on your face.
You can call the dish, a burrito if you wish
But with that title, I must disagree
'Cuz if you think I'll eat that stuff you may call meat
You must think quite a fool of me.
Don't even think
Of getting more than a drink
I just don't think you understand
This place is such a joke
I hold out zero hope
That Hot Tamales could please any man (or woman.)
Seriously, easily fooled by the VERY cheap prices. Should've been my first tip. Even with dirt cheap prices, not worth it if you are eating dirt cheap product. I tried a buffalo chicken burrito. Rough chunks of chicken, allegedly some sort of hot sauce, black beans and lettuce. I don't think I tasted a single flavor other than bland, with the exception of my soda. My stomach hurt for the rest of the day, and I spent much of it feeling gastrointestinal distress. I will, for no reason, ever ever come back. Not even if the food was free.Usual food truck wasn't available so we took a chance on this place. 
Got three Taco's and some beans and rice.  As far as Tacos go I'd say these are about in line with anything you'd get at Taco Bell. Meat tasted like it was seasoned with an off the shelf taco seasoning kit. Portion sizes were very small, which was actually kind of a blessing. (More on that in a moment.) The beans and rice were fine but again, small portions for what you are paying. For the same amount I could get a fairly large platter from any food truck or heck, even Taco Bell. 
I likely would have given this place at least 4 stars just based on the food being competent however myself and my coworker both experienced some severe side effects after visiting. 
Will not be returning.My first time here today for take-out lunch.  Got the California Burrito with ground turkey. GROSS!  Dry and mushy, tasted like it was sitting around and was not seasoned at all.  I won't go back.Ran over here for lunch one day, got there after 2 and it was pretty empty. Definitely cheap and the food was okay - not a lot of flavor. It really is not far off of what Taco Bell serves. The place is only open from 11AM-3PM M-F, which I thought was sort of incredible that they'd be able to stay in business like that.The food is good, the service is nonexistent I asked for hot sauce, they said there are 7 bottles out there go find one, turned back and that was that, when will restaurant learn, there a place to eat on every corner, and it's the customer choice where to go, it will not be this placeI've never written a yelp review in my life but I had too about this dumpster of a so called Mexican restaurant. The lady at the register tried to charge me for hot sauce, It was for my tacos. The employees making the food don't wear gloves and look like they're on work release. I don't think I've never finished 3 tacos in my life but this was a first. The chicken looked like shavings from Mrs Doubtfire's legs. I think the nacho chips were from the dollar store or something. You, 100%, could make better tacos out of a kit from a store.Good food at an excellence price.  Place is basic inside but very clean.  Considering the quality of the food and the price I would recommend it to everyone.Hot tamales always has a lunch time rush! It's quick convenient but it really nothing out of the ordinary. There are about 20 tables to dine in- very sterile and corporate but the people are always nice and the service is quick!So my 1-star review was conveniently removed by Yelp HQ because of my lack of "first hand experience" when I in fact came here, ordered, and ate ON MY OWN. So....seems awfully shady.
I had the worst Mexican food of my life, if I can even call it food. When I asked for spicy, rather than putting salsa or jalapenos or something, my burrito was douced in vinegar-y Tabasco. C'mon everyone knows Tabasco isn't spicy its just salty. The burrito wasn't warm and it was small. I thought they were really cheap but she said I had to eat two to get full. Like is this burrito tapas or something? 
I would seriously recommend going anyyywhere else to get Mexican food. Just walk 10min and go to Chipotle on walnut.