Had the brisket on milk bun with dijonaise sauce, pickles & onions. The brisket was not the usual shredded up fare. These were whole slabs that melted easily in your mouth. Tender & juicy, but neither undercooked or overcooked. The dijonaise was flavorful & did not overwhelm the contents between the bun.
Service-wise, the staff were attentive & friendly with the requisite masks. The counter area has plexiglass, & during the not-too-long-wait I sat out at one of the two outside tables while the food was being prepared for takeout. The associate added a free potato salad sampling to the order-a flavorful touch. Chef Sichel's Huda is a welcome & needed fast/casual restaurant to the Rittenhouse area. Here's to its existence in these uncertain times.Wow. I can't say enough about these sandwiches. I've ordered take out from here four of the last five nights. I'm obsessed and these sandwiches melt in your mouth. I love supporting small local businesses, especially when the food is this good!!!!The Brisket milk bun is PHENOMENAL. Fries were good, some users complained they were salty but I like salty, seasoned fries, and this place delivered with that, I enjoyed them. The spicy chicken sandwich was good, if you are not looking to experiment that's a safe bet. But definitely try the brisket milk bun. That was the standout. Cinnamon milk bun was good, you can tell the cream is quality. Portions- one order of fries were enough for two. My partner and I enjoyed our milk buns, fair portions, felt full at the end. 
Overall this place is definitely worthy of being listed as one of the top delivery spots. Absolutely deserves the 5 stars I'm giving it.Wow, my colleagues and I have ordered from here twice in the past couple weeks and cannot express how great of an addition this is to the area. Quick, easy, and not too messy! We've tried a variety of their sandwiches from their swordfish, brisket, mushroom, and they even threw in their spicy chicken for us to try! The swordfish is still our favorite, but each of the sandwiches are equally as tasty. The brisket was a bit tougher and saltier the second time around, but still tender enough. The maitake mushroom was very crisp and flavorful, but not overbearing. If anything, go for the swordfish!Wow! I haven't had a sandwich this good in a really long time. Five stars isn't enough to rate this place. 
Pro tip: order to go and have a little lunch date in rittenhouse square park.Please keep in mind this review is regarding their lunch menu! Would love to eventually try more of their dinner options. 
We ordered the brisket milk bun sandwich, the smoked salmon toast and the apple butter toast, and the cinnamon roll for dessert.
The brisket milk bun was very good. Brisket was very soft and tender and the milk bun really made the sandwich better. The smoked salmon toast was a little more run of the mill but we loved the apple butter toast with the brussels on it. 
The star of the show though was the cinnamon milk buns. They were super light and not overly sweet and they were topped with some fresh fruit and cream and it was DELICIOUS. Definitely will be ordering that again very soon and potentially trying dinner as well!I think I'm in love.. only in Philadelphia for 3 days and I made it my priority to try this place. All I can say is yumm!!Very friendly and welcoming staff. The place is very clean. Has a sink to wash your hands. I was told to wait my order outside. They have some tables and chairs outside.
Grilled swordfish: milk bun is so soft and fresh, fish was cooked perfectly. Definitely recommend this.
Grilled sourdough with squash is really good too. The nuts on top gives a nice crunch.
Grilled sourdough with hazelnut butter and grape jelly is a gourmet version of PB and J. Not overly sweet and topped with slices of fresh apple. 
I also recommend both of the toast
Containers are made from paper but they are quite sturdy so they are environmentally friendly.Hooray for Huda! They were all over my social media today and so I sent a text to my husband with an attached picture saying, " I'm not sure where this is but I think I want to eat there". He said it's right below our window on 18th! I ran over, so thrilled about how convenient this was, and ordered a pick up for end of day which for them was 6 o'clock. We got the sword fish sandwich the lamb chops, the grilled romaine and some chips. Everything was absolutely delicious. And I mean DELICIOUS. That is coming from New Yorkers who find dinning a sport. I am so pleased to see a clever little restaurant open when so many are closing. Congratulations to Huda. We hope you thrive and are so grateful you're literally across the street from our apartment. Lucky Lucky us. NANCY-Huda sandwiches are like fine dining dishes where every ingredient is carefully considered, sourced, and prepared. The end result is a holistic experience of flavors that will have you appreciating the extra effort their chef clearly took in coming up with each item. Every sandwich they make is delicious and as good or better than any you'll find elsewhere. That said, I'd put the maitake mushroom up against any sandwich in the city. Be it vegan or not. It was so good I wanted to have another and this was after also eating their perfectly cooked brisket sandwich.  In summery - go to huda. You can thank me later.After seeing this place float around on Instagram for a while my girlfriend and I finally decided to give it a shot. Picking up the order was very easy. There was about three tables on the outside I believe & one table inside. Very small place, but I would suggest picking up. 
I ordered the spicy chicken sandwich. The chicken was very crunchy & moist. It is a chicken thigh, not a chicken breast, which was a little disappointing. The chiles in the sandwich were unique & I love the tang they provided. Now, the absolute STAR of the sandwich was the bread. Man.... a crispy, perfectly glazed top & a soft fluffy interior makes this bun out of this world. Kind of like a fancy Hawaiian bun. Delicious!
We also got the milk bun for dessert & it was definitely unique. The icing itself had a citrus twang to it which caught me by surprise initially but grew on me as I continued eating. The bun itself was moist & flavorful like the bread from the sandwich. If you do go here I would highly recommend ordering the milk bun for dessert.
Overall, I wouldn't say it's anything I would be dying to eat again, but I'm glad I tried it & I don't regret spending the time, calories or money on it!Great takeout. The salad was amazing. My son loved the mushroom sandwich and it was absolutely the best flaky tempura fish sandwich I've ever had in my life. And the cinnamon bun was fantastic. Waiting for my son to eat his sandwich, but he better hurry cause I may eat it. Definitely coming back.I had the Miataki Mushroom sandwich. 
Every part of it was delicious. From the bun to the sauce and the mushroom core was a unique and clever twist. If you like mushrooms you'll probably enjoy it.This place is amazing!! The sandwiches are delicious and such unique options on homemade buns! Such a great new lunch spot. 10/10!!!A fantastic experience! The service was exceptional and the food even better. We had the chicken sandwich, swordfish sandwich and smash burger. I have not had better bread in a sandwich. We followed up with the cinnamon roll which had done citrus notes and a perfect blend of seasoning/icing to bread. The chicken sandwich was not very spiced so don't get scared off because it was a highlight! Love this place!This restaurant is incredible! I do not have enough positive things to say about this amazing cuisine. My family and I will absolutely be ordering from here often. It's a fabulous restaurant and the owner is such a nice guy! We would give it 10 stars if we couldValentine's Day meal was outstanding!  This was our second or third meal from Huda. The best yet.  Cured red snapper crudo followed by Wild mushroom chowder- light, smoky taste, filled with exotic mushrooms, and topped with sour dough croutons. (He does soups really well!!!). Main was rack of lamb on a bed of broccolini with polenta. Lamb cooked and seasoned perfectly and 3 large ribs for each of us. Ended with white chocolate strawberry milk buns. Quality, quantity and thought in preparation and presentation always evident. Tonight edible flowers for each course. Portions always on the large side with some leftovers. His sandwiches are wonderful-  love the brisket. But this guy can cook and present a wonderful elegant meal too!! Even for take out. He opened during the pandemic when all the nearbye office towers shut down. So he added some meals to the line up. A great addition to the neighborhood!!Tried Huda on a whim today, blown away. So fresh so new so cute. I love this place. Recommending to everyone I know. Also bonus is the crazy cool artist they had to create such an amazing atmosphere. Tried the spicy chicken sandwich- 20 bajillion stars/5.Really liked this place and will be back. I got the brisket sandwich which was super good! I normally have bbq with brisket this was great though! Loved the sauce and pickles. The meat was cooked perfectly. I love this kind of bun too! Got my husband the spicy chicken sandwich which he said was good. We also go the fries. They were thin cut and good crisp. Pretty salty but a lot of people like that. Good portions, good value, nice people and service. It's nice inside too when we can go back inside. I loved the floors and historic kind of feel.brisket sandwich: The brisket was seasoned well but a bit fatty for my taste. The sauce is delicious and is perfectly portioned. Too many pickles but if you like pickles this sandwich is right up your alley. I like onions but it was a bit much. Overall I'd get the sandwich again but with adjustments. Hopefully they have a brisket eggs and cheese soon. 
Cinnamon milk bun: I had the one with Concord grapes and it was delicious! I mean amazing! If you come here definitely grab one or two!  It was so good but I ended up giving mine away to a baby just when they sold out. I wanted to cry , that's how good this bun is. I initially came to this place looking for a better cinnamon bun than Cinnabon, but I think this is just a completely different experience, try it outAfter a suggestion from the staff I enjoyed an amazing mahi-mahi sandwich. Great service and quality all around. I will certainly ho backOrdering and pickup is super easy. This place is also pretty popular. Although I won't say I was blown away or anything is a good albeit slight higher priced quick lunch or dinner.
I got the tempura mahi mahi which was a special at the time, the spicy chicken, and an order of the fries with kimchi tartar sauce. Both had luscious milk buns and crispy fillings and an adequate amount of veggies in accompaniment. The fries, in my opinion, were a bit overly salted. The kimchi tartar was okay, but you'd probably be better off with just ketchup or whatever else you like. 
Overall, if you're in the area give it a try. I probably should have tried the brisket as that was what they're more known for.I've been here a few times. I love the idea of HUDA - and i love the sandwiches. But the price is high for 1. a sandwhich and 2. it's all take away. i've had the chicken sandwhich, the brisket, and the short ribs and they are all very good. But i do think the price is too steep for basically carryout.Just tried this new spot today and I wish I had done sooner!  So Good!  My husband and I tried a bunch of items and it was hard to pick a favorite.  The brisket sandwich was really good.  The brisket was tender and juicy and was a lot of meat on the sandwich.  The pickles were crispy and tangy without being too overpowering.  There's also some kind of garlic sauce on the sandwich, which was so so good.  (My mouth is watering writing this review!)  The next item was the spicy chicken sandwich.  It definitely was spicy but packs a flavor punch.  The chicken was moist on the inside and crispy on the outside.  A southwest sauce pulled it all together and there were some peppers in the sandwich too.  If you're not big on spice, you may want to request the peppers on the side.  Overall, the sandwich had a little kick after each bite and kept me coming back for more.  It's also a little messy with the sauce dripping when you take a bite, but so worth it!  I was eyeing up their fancy pb&j, but was a little skeptical of the sourdough.  Boy was I wrong!  It was delish!  The sourdough had crispy/chewy edges and the inside was airy and fluffy.  The nut butter and jelly were high end and the crisp, thinly sliced apples was the perfect balanced bite.  
The place was also clean and organized and the people working there were super nice.  
Center city is lucky to have this new spot.  I'll definitely be back!The sandwiches were absolutely delicious. We had one brisket and one swordfish sandwich, and they were amazing. But, for a fast casual eatery, it's pricey. The sandwiches cost $14+ each. This is normal in a restaurant, but Huda is a quick eatery and it feels like a bit too much. Even if they added chips or a pickle to make it feel like it meets the price, that would make it better. Great sandwiches but for a 15 minute experience it felt like too much.We were looking for somewhere to have good quick lunch, and we found it! Absolute service, super friendly. Also, the menu is exceptional! Delicious, healthy, and huge variety. I'm recently a bit of a smoothie addict, and there is nothing I love more than milk buns and, so I was delighted when I got one here! I would've chosen everything if I could've gone for lunch - it was fab.Wow, that's all I can say. You know your food is great when you walk in not hungry and devour everything in front of you. I can't believe I had never been here before, but I will definitely be returning again soon to try the rest of the menu. The swordfish sandwich was everything -- sweet with the milk bun, crunchy with the cabbage and then a little acidic with the sauce. This was the perfect afternoon bite and I can't wait to come back soon.It takes some major chutzpah to open up a restaurant during a pandemic, and boy it did not disappoint. Not only did they open up a restaurant during a pandemic, they put a granite topped sink adjacent to the register for all patrons to wash their hands. Genius thinking on the owners part. 
Now to the food...
After much mental deliberation, I decided to choose the crispy mushroom sandwich on a "milk bun". The bun tasted like toasty, buttery challah reincarnated into bun form. Although, the sandwich is priced at $13, in my opinion, I think it is an absolutely fair price. The  tomato and avocado adorned on the sandwich tasted refreshingly fresh. Not to mention, that sandwich is thiccccc. It will leave you tucked. Will definitely be back to try out the other items they have to offer. Bravo!The brisket was unbelievable. Very moist and tender. Really bright and lively location and the staff was very nice and friendly which is hard to come by during these difficult times.Great new sandwich shop! I got the brisket sandwich, sour cabbage and bacon toast, fries, and cinnamon bun. The brisket was a bit salty, but the Dijon, onions, and delicious bun had me stuffed. I chose the kimchi tartar for the fries and that was a great choice. The toast was AWESOME, thick bacon pieces, homemade sour cream and onion sauce, and cabbage. The cinnamon bun wasn't that great. The icing was more sour than sweet, and just was not that tasty. Overall, I'm excited to try more sandwiches.I got the spicy chicken sandwich and wow what an explosion of flavor and texture it was. The chicken was so crunchy yet juicy and soft. I loved the craft of mixing deliciously pickled veggies to subdue the richness of the fried chicken. The sauce and flavor were phenomenal, this is definitely a crafted and thought out sandwich. Mayor of Flavortown would be proud!Yo, if you read my other reviews you know what time it is.  This place is fire city.  There is nothing you could order here that isn't knockout fantastic.   My favorite is the spicy chicken sambo, but brisket is a close second.   The hidden gem is the Mitaki mushroom though.  I'd never ever order a mushroom sandwich, like never, but chef made me try it and I was shook by it.  Seriously it's so interestingly delicious, give it a shot.   The grilled salad is bonkers too.   Like I said, anything is unreal and you should try it all.Awesome service and top quality food. Would defiantly recommend to anyone looking for a quick and easy place to get your desires fulfilled.Very friendly and prompt service! I ordered the maitake mushroom and grilled swordfish milk buns. They were delicious! Highly recommend both of those. I also had a chance to try the cinnamon milk bun. All delicious. Definitely recommend to try this place if you're in the area. They offer delivery as well which I perfect during these Covid times.The swordfish sandwich was absolutely delicious. Combination of ingredients on the fabulous milk bun was perfect with every bite. Small shop with attention to detail and quality and a nice addition to our neighborhood. Please support them, we need places like this to survive the pandemic.Chef Yehuda is a bold man- both for opening his shop amidst a pandemic and also for concocting these awesome sandwiches. I am a big fan of the house made milk buns- and the bread shines the brightest with the Maitake mushroom sandwich. The cool creaminess of the mozzarella and sour cream compliments the bread perfectly. This was one of the more unique sandwiches I tried here. Complimented with avocado, the flavors are more subtle, yet balance each other well- with the crispy coated mushroom- I really enjoyed this sandwich! 
Another star was the brisket sandwich - which was almost opposite the Mushroom sandwich. The flavors here were big - flavorful, tender brisket coupled with a fragrant Dijon Mayo and pickles to cut through the fat. It was melt in your mouth goodness and probably my favorite of the bunch. 
I should also say that the crispy chicken was also excellent. The meat was tender and juicy ... I think he used dark meat for this? Never had a dark meat chicken sandwich ... but either way, it was perfect. The freshly chopped chilies added a perfect amount of heat and flavor. 
The fries were good too, just a tad salty. I did enjoy the kimchi tarter sauce as well. 
I can't wait to return !Holy cow. Finally got my hands on the brisket sandwich and it was hands down one of the best things I have eaten in a long time! With a gutsy mid pandemic opening, Huda has delivered a simple yet irresistible menu of must haves. Looking at photos of the sandwiches I was nervous it would be small- but rest assured it is a perfect size. Brisket is tender and flavorful, onions and pickles with that perfect crunch and a Dijonaise that pulls it all together. And the bread? Amazing. Anyone following along Huda's journey knows a lot of love went into perfecting this bread and it shows. Can you guys PLEASE sell this bread????I'm always on the lookout for a good sandwich place.  Philly has great cheese steaks and italian hoagies but it can be tough to find a good sandwich if you are not in the mood for either of these.
Saw this place pop up in Yelp and decided to try it.  I got the brisket sandwich and it was AMAZING.  Could be one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten.  Can't wait to try the others.Ordered the fried breast chicken sandwich which was excellent.  However, it was way too salty to be healthyEasily the best sandwich place I've been to in Phili. The food melts in your mouth. Highly recommend !!!!!!!!!Phenomenal sandwiches and friendly staff. The milk bread buns are fluffy and delicious. I absolutely love the maitake mushroom and chicken sandwiches. They're elevated versions of your favorite sandwich - each topping perfectly thought out and balanced with the others. The grilled romaine sandwich was also a shocker of a star for me - who would have thought charred leaves (and the dressing) could be so good??? In the pandemic when most things are routine and dull, my weekly lunch is a bright light.First time eating at this establishment today and honestly we had an incredible lunch!
You can taste it right off the bat that the food is made fresh and made with love!
We ordered grilled swordfish, spicy chicken sandwich, buffalo fries, and pickled green beans.  All were excellent!  Sauces put on the side as requested!!!  Fries were piping hot and seemed made to order!  Sandwiches were fresh, flavorful, and were placed on an amazing fresh roll!
Try this place out!  We can't wait to try it again!Very high quality sandwiches! I ordered the brisket sandwich. The milk bun was extremely fluffy and probably the ideal form of a burger bun. The brisket was a tad over-salted and I cut the richness with a slice of tomato. Sandwiches are nothing like I've seen in Philly - glad to have this gem around!Can I give this place 10 stars? My boyfriend and myself walked by and said f it let's try this place. Thank god we did. So gooooood!!!!!!! Try every sandwich and their Cesar salad OMGSmash burger , brisket , chicken sandwich and swordfish sandwiches are all amazing. People are nice and the milk buns give it a different spin that I can get down with.Such a good place for lunch if you have a dog. They have only have 3 outdoor tables, so plan accordingly. My husband and I got the short rib grilled cheese sandwich. It was good, but could have been better if the pepper jack had been spicier. The sandwich also needed salt. 
The grilled romaine salad was a nice surprise. The char on the vegetable gave the salad a really good flavor. I've never had grilled romaine lettuce before. The parmesan dressing didn't have a ton of flavor. It could have used a touch more acidity. 
We split an order of fries, which were really tasty. I liked the dipping sauces, especially dijonaise. Yum!I've gotten food from Huda twice, the first time was delivery and the second time I ordered in person and ate outside. Both times, the food was incredible and everything held up when delivered. The bread is soft and perfect, and all three sandwiches I've had (swordfish, spicy chicken, and brisket grilled cheese) were delicious. I highly recommend the fries too. If you're in the area (or in the delivery radius), definitely stop by and get a sandwich.On my night shift stretch and always looking to try a new spot for dinner since I can pick up on the way in. The reviews looked promising and concept was different. The customer service was A++, the person taking my order was sweet, informative and really nice to bring my order to the car when I couldn't find parking in front of the restaurant. The food may have been better eaten right away, I did explain I wouldn't be able to eat it for several hours. I got the short rib sandwich and the dessert milk roll. Sandwich didn't look appetizing, but tasted ok. And the dessert was also just ok. It wasn't knock your socks off for me and for the price I kinda expected that. I would prob give it another try when I can eat it right away.Okay so a friend told us about this place and all I can say is why haven't we had tried it before? It is SO good! The sandwiches are full of so many well-placed flavors and the bread was just decadent. I had the swordfish sandwich and my s/o had the fried chicken and we both could not stop raving about it (or the fries... or the sweet milk bun...) Overall, DEFINITELY try this place -- you will wish you did ages ago... THAT good.My goto place for sandwich take-away only a block from my work. I've enjoyed everything ordered. The Brisket sandwich is to die for!Good to great sandwiches! All end up being very rich and heavy. Expect to nap afterwards.The cinnamon milk bun is life. Can't wait to try the swordfish and short rib. The spot is super cute too.As a spin off of Abe Fisher obviously this place is going to be good- but I would go to say it even exceeded those expectations. The brisket sandwich is probably my new favorite hoagie in Philadelphia- the brisket was mouthwateringly tender and fell apart in your mouth as you ate it, served on a fresh baked challah roll. Need I say more. They even had a station for handwashing in the store- even in times not of COVID that is a feature I would appreciate, especially after eating a gigantic messy sandwich. If you're in Rittenhouse looking for a quick bite to take to the park and eat for a lunch date, this is your new spot.Delicious! Whenever we have stopped in Phili, we always go to Huda's. The milk buns are out of this world!!!! The staff is always friendly, and we love coming here with our family. 5 stars!!Huda? More like hubba hubba.
The anticipated grand opening today did not disappoint! Huda's the new sandwich shop in Rittenhouse opened by Abe Fisher's chef. You can tell he spent a lot of time perfecting his artisan breads in quarantine by how amazing the milk bun tasted, soft and a little sweet. The swordfish was tender and flaky and paired super well with a little slaw and kimchi tartar.
The shop is simple and chic, with a few tables outside to offer outdoor seating. The sandwiches were made live in the open kitchen and came out surprisingly fast given it's the first day. Definitely looking forward to trying the other items on the menu, especially the maitake mushroom milk bun. Mark this on your list to stop by for lunch!...
listen...this place...is unreal. Huda is more than food. It's heart...but let's start with the food.
My girlfriend and I got the fries (with every sauce they had in the place); short rib grilled cheese; spicy chicken sandwich; 
The short rib grilled cheese: the short rib was wonderfully flavorful and tender. The sourdough bread was perfectly grilled. The pepper jack brie just hugged the short rib like a protective mother....the apple mustard was the perfect sauce accompaniment. Mildly tart, "zingy". 
The spicy chicken will get the smallest of reviews because my girlfriend ate it. I just had a taste of the chicken (how gracious...)and it was perfectly cooked, the batter was airy and crispy. Well-seasoned.
The fries were everything I love about McDonald's fries cranked up a few notches. And the accompanying sauces? Well, suffice it to say, I endorse them. Besides, you've already spent enough time reading this review. You should be eating at Huda right now. Break in....it's worth the charge. Go support these people. NOW.Wow!! New favorite sandwich place in Rittenhouse. Will definitely be back soon to try more from their menu. The short rib grilled cheese sandwich was mouth watering and delicious. The cinnamon milk bun is a must try. As a first timer, the guest experience was memorable as the open kitchen concept was clean and organized and the staff provided excellent hospitality by providing a welcoming and friendly service with helpful suggestions. I will definitely be back soon and spreading the word to my family and friends. Welcome to the neighborhood Huda!!I recommend following them on Instagram to discover their new creations. They just come up with cinnamon rolls with the labneh icing topped with chopped hazelnut drizzled with Concord grape preserves. It's awesome. The hazelnut gives the crunchy texture and sweetness he grape drizzle gives a natural sweetness.tl;dr this bakery is slinging some of the sweetest cinnamon buns and sauciest sandwiches in the Rittenhouse are
Opening a fast-casual joint centered around your bread is a gutsy move. Doing so during a pandemic is downright ludicrous. That is unless you are Yehuda Sichel, and your food is next-level good.
My partner and I opted to share the Brisket Milk Bun, the Apple Butter Grilled Sourdough, French Fries with Kimchi Tartar sauce, and a Cinnamon Milk Bun. Ordering online through the Huda website was easy enough and gave a pretty accurate pickup estimate. Huda's sturdy packaging for each item was far superior to other takeout destinations.
The milk bun sandwich was the highlight of our meal. Prior to ordering, I was admittedly concerned that each dish would be minuscule at best. But the sandwich was surprisingly heavy, with a generous slab of brisket atop a sturdy bun. The dijonaise and garlic pickles offered a perfectly complimentary zing to the rich, melt-in-your-mouth patty. The cinnamon bun was similarly knocked out of the park. Dolloped with sour cream icing, decorated with candied oranges, and dipped in syrup, the rich and heavy dessert fell somewhere between a sticky bun and a standard cinnamon roll.
On the other hand, the apple butter toast was good but not stellar. Like the sandwich, it was surprisingly hearty, offering thick-cut bread topped with brussel sprouts and shredded cheddar. While I recognize that the toned-down nature of each ingredient allowed all to be fully recognized and appreciated, there was no "a-ha" moment as I ate the toast. The fries were similarly solid, and similarly nothing to write home about. Huda's shoestring variety was reminiscent of McDonald's fries, but slightly crispier and without the overwhelming salt. However, the sauce fell somewhat flat, offering only a single-note and not channeling much kimchi flavor.
$40 for two might err on the side of "overpriced" even for a solid fast-casual joint. But Huda's sandwiches and cinnamon buns are no standard fare. I could have been convinced that these dishes would be served at a sit-down-only establishment for nearly twice the price. As such, I can't wait to try another sandwich and get another milk bun soon!Absolutely great sandwiches and grilled sour dough breads with an artisan touch to them and a perfect place for lunch! Ordered take out and had their brisket sandwich, which was super tasty. The grilled sourdough bread I got was with apple butter, avocado, and brussel sprouts, and it was AMAZING! However, I think they rotate their sourdough bread choices, so they might not always have this. They have other good options though! I definitely would recommend!This place is amazing. The service was phenomenal. The cashier was really helpful and nice. I walked not knowing what I wanted to eat. The cashier helped me make a decision and it was the best decision. I will definitely be returning in the near future.Did I know Huda was supposed to be good? Yes. Was I ready for a sandwich to be this good? Absolutely not. 
I don't know how to make a milk bun but however they do it, it's amazing. The vegetarian sandwich was great! Sometimes vegetarians get the short end of the stick here and a chef just throws a mushroom on a bed of lettuce and calls it the veggie option. Not at Huda. The sandwich was moist, delicious, not too heavy, and enough to fulfill all of my sandwich dreams that I didn't even know I had.Love this place so much. The milk buns are fluffy and I could eat them all day. The sandwiches are unique, full of flavor, and pretty much a delight to eat. I nibbled on a few of them and they made the mushroom sandwich really well too, and vegetarian sandwiches aren't usually that great at restaurants. The chicken sandwich took the cake though - definitely get this if you can. The only reason I didn't give this place a five is because they have limited seating (which is totally fine), but because we had to wait about 40 minutes for our food. It seemed a little long for a quick "pick me up and eat somewhere else". I'll be back - but I definitely need to plan out some time for this. Oh, and make sure you eat the truffle fries (you won't regret it, I promise)I've been following the opening on Instagram and made it over for the soft opening. I got the swordfish sandwich and the fruit salad. Both were amazing! I need to go back and try the rest. 18th just south of market is a bit quiet these days But it makes it easier to roll up in your bike. Go and eat!The food smelled and looked amazing! I got the brisket sandwich and fries. 
Brisket sandwich: the bun was amazing, it was my favorite part of the sandwich. The brisket was a little dry and lacking flavor. I think the sauce in there had potential, but there was barely any sauce in the sandwich! I wish there was a little more!
Fries: were decent. Nothing extraordinary but nothing bad. I liked the spring onions in them!I had the brisket sandwich and lemon grass fries. Definitely worth trying and super yummy, but it wasn't the best brisket sandwich I've had by any means. Will come back to try other items though!We've been waiting for what seems like forever to try Huda, but finally made it in this past Sunday for lunch. We ordered online and picked up just before 3pm (closing time). There were two open tables inside and two outside which was a nice surprise, so there are a few dine-in options if that's your thing (and you don't show up just before closing). We opted to eat in the car because we were too impatient to wait to get home! We ordered the brisket sandwich, spicy chicken sandwich, cinnamon milk bun, and fruit salad to share. Wow. The milk buns are just crazy good - and the sandwiches are HUGE. Yes, pricey, but you're definitely going to be stuffed for the rest of the day after one of these. The brisket itself was a bit dry, honestly, and I wished the sauce had a little more zip to it. The spicy chicken sandwich was SO good and the chicken was perfectly fried and crispy. The fruit salad was so fresh and delicious, but a little heavy on the melon (and no pineapple which was listed on the menu), but the lime yogurt sauce was a wonderful accompaniment. Lastly, the cinnamon milk bun with blood orange icing....yum. Seriously delicious and wish we had ordered more. Overall, definitely pricey for lunch, but nice for a splurge. Everything was fresh and delicious and we'll definitely come back and try some other menu items!The food at Huda is outstanding!  I have had the brisket sandwich, fries, squash toast and cinnamon milk bun so far.  I need to work my way through the menu because everything was so delicious.  The word that also comes to mind is quality.  You just know whatever you order is going to be just right.  I look forward to tasting it all!!I mean where to start, we ordered the maitake, brisket sandwiches, fries. The Caesar and melon salads. Everything was amazing. The brisket was perfect. The maitake flavor combinations were incredible. The salads, perfectly balanced. And that kimchi tartar was mind blowing.Definitely lives up to the hype. A coworker and I decided to order lunch from here a couple weeks ago. We got the chicken sandwich and mushroom sandwich to split, the fries and the pickled veggies. 
First of all, sandwiches were PHENOMENAL - the mushroom one was definitely my favorite, so flavorful and what great buns! The chicken was cooked to perfection, crispy enough but not too crispy to be on a sandwich. Pickled veggies are like the key to my heart, loved the variety and oh so good. I'd pass on the fries next time..I'm not sure if it's just me getting older but I think fries are officially overrated. Will 1000% be back and will definitely be trying that brisket sandwich...but it will be hard to stay away from the mushroom again!Obsessed with the grilled swordfish sandwich! Ordered it 5 times within the last 2 weeks. It's so delish! Tried the smash burger and it was very tasty. The Cinnamon milk bun had the right amount of sweetness. Love this place!I ordered ahead via their website for a treat myself kind of work lunch. Pickup was easy (say your name when you enter, they hand the bag over and you're off) and there are technically a couple tables outside to sit but i brought this back to my desk.
I did order one of the safer choices which was the spicy chicken sandwich. I'm a big fan of spicy chicken sandwiches and this was one of the better ones I've had. 
Yes you're probably looking at the menu and being like wow it's $13 it's kind of expensive compared to fast food restaurants, but believe me it's completely worth it. 
You get a huge sandwich, and plenty of chicken inside. The bun was also good although I did get a little soggy given its structural integrity. It was super soft. The chicken was still crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, admittedly tho i work very close by but still a good thing. 
I will definitely be returning to try the maitake sandwich next and maybe one of those cinnamon milk buns.The chicken sandwich and milk bun was very good! I certainly enjoyed my meal and dessert. I got the chicken sandwich which was pretty tasty--the bread was the main event which makes sense, since Huda is known for breads. I enjoyed the flavors and the way the sandwich was constructed. The milk bun was soft, fresh and flavors were on point. The cost was on the higher end, however for consistent, quality food you can't complain.I've been a Yelp user for quite a while and have never felt compelled to write a review, that is, until I tasted the sandwiches at Huda. Everything I tried was beyond delicious and I cannot speak highly enough of the superb fresh house-made bread. 10/10 would recommend!I had a craving for a chicken sandwich and wanted to try something a bit different. After some research, I opted for the spicy chicken sandwich from Huda (via delivery). It did not disappoint! The chicken was crisp and juicy, and the sauce gave the sandwich just enough of a kick (though I would not actually call the sandwich spicy). As good as the chicken was, the best part of the sandwich were definitely the buns - they were extremely fluffy, and all around just super delicious.
I completed my order with a side of fries. I loved the chive topping on the fries, though I think the fries were a bit oversalted.
This isn't the cheapest sandwich in the world, but I would say the portion is fair and the quality of the food is high. I will definitely be back to try more of the menu.O..M..G!  Unreal! Hubby and I were having a wonderful time at Rittenhouse and he said he wasn't hungry... I had heard about Huda from a Yelp List and it was on my list of things to try... Well... Wee were so blown away with the smash burger that my hubby swears it's the best burger in the city. We added fries as an after thought....Whoooooah... ADDICTED!  We have ordered several times since... Soooooo freaking good... The fries...amazing... delivery. super quick... Love everything about this placeI ordered delivery.
The burger was juicy, crisp on the bite. And the milk bun was soft, chewy, and fresh.
The grilled romaine salad had lots of texture and. unique contrasting flavors. Though the leaves we slightly wilty. Hard to argue with that ordering a salad delivery. Even EMP would have trouble delivery lettuce.If u like bread- this is the place for a sandwich. There were so little fish  and brisket in the sandwich- it was mostly bread. Have no idea what the 6% service fee that was added on without mention is for!?Casual lunch spot specializing in globally inspired sandwiches, served on gourmet milk buns. Their unique menu also features vegetable rich sides and seasonal salads. I am a milk bun enthusiast, and can attest that Huda's are incredible. Fluffy, brioche-like, milk scented clouds. Sadly, every other aspect of the meal fell flat. 
My fiancé and I placed an order for pickup, which was ready in a timely manner. The food was haphazardly packed, and appeared very messy by the time I walked 10 blocks back to our hotel. 
The Maitake Mushroom sandwich was creamy on creamy on creamy on soft milk bun, with a little bit of deep fried mushroom thrown in. While I love sour cream, avocado, mozzarella, and milk bread, this sandwich desperately needed fresh, crunchy, and/or pickled elements to break up the mass of soft and creamy. The Heirloom Tomato Melt was slightly better, albeit extremely oily. 
The Grilled Romaine Salad was bitter, and over salted to the point that my mouth burned. The French Fries were over cooked and tasted old. While I loved the signature milk bread on the sandwiches, the Cinnamon Milk Bun was very mediocre in terms of a sweet cinnamon bun dessert. I was starving, and still did not finish anything. Hard pass.I stopped by here for a little lunch with my partner to grab something quick but hearty to eat and that was exactly this meal. We got the brisket sandwich and the smash burger and tried a bite of each others' sandwiches. The meat was so incredibly tender, and they really packed both sandwiches to the brim. They were super messy sandwiches in the best way- just bursting with toppings and sauces and really packed full; you could honestly eat both with a fork and knife. The smash burger was juicy with a bit of tangyness from the sauce and onions. The brisket sandwich was just juicy and savory and really amazing; I think I liked it slightly better than the burger but you can't go wrong with either. The milk buns held up and were nice and soft. We also split a cinnamon bun to share- the perfect amount of sweet to end our lunch, and the concord grape drizzle was the most unexpected and at the same time, perfect accompaniment to the cinnamon and icing. Would highly recommend!!