This is really Gibson 's steak house, which is next door.  This is the quieter 
Version.  
This has been one of my favorite steak houses for many years.  
We ordered 
A variety of oysters for appetizers , which were fresh and delicious.  We had chowder soups , which were nicely seasoned .
We ordered filets and porterhouse cuts, which were cooked to perfection.
The wine we requested was hunted down for us, (caymus).   The creamed spinach was perfect.  The service was friendly and attentive.  
This is a Chicago institution as far as I am concerned .  
If you want to be seen, eat next door.  If you want a quiet dinner, eat here.The waitress screwed up...   But the manager took care of it.    I was impressed how it was handled.        The crab cakes are some of the best I've ever tasted.Casino restaurant has never been good for me  but I had a great crab cake & a really good martini.I was absolutely pleased with every bite of my dish. I got the scallops and risotto and it was perfect! Antoinette  was our server, she was professional and so sweet. I would definitely recommend trying this place while in Philly!Hugo's frog bar was always my favorite restaurant in Chicago, going back to when I lived here 15 years ago.  My husband and I are in town from NYC and we always love to come have a drink and listen to the live music.  We loved the old atmosphere!  Unfortunately we were told that they discontinued the live music a year ago, and we were incredibly disappointed!!!  It made the hole vibe feel like Chicago.  Now it just feels like another crowded touristy steakhouse unfortunately.2nd time here tonight. Ate and drank at bar both nights. Can't say enough about the service of Kelly the bartender. Friendly, knowlegable service. Surprisingly terrific food for a casino. This place will definitely become a more popular spot as word gets out.Went here during Night Out Restaurant Week and felt it was average. The calamari appetizer was tasty but a bit too salty. My husband's lobster bisque was delicious but it would've been nice to have some pieces of lobster on the soup. The crab cakes were large and good but contained a lot of fillers. I would've expected more crab meat for the price point. Drinks were excellent though.It wasn't bad and it wasn't great. We started with frog legs and sweet chili calamari as an appetizer. The frog legs were good for sure. The butter sauce was great but it needed a little more, at least on our plate. The calamari was not crispy at all. I don't know if the chili sauce saturated it or it wasn't cooked long enough but I was extremely disappointed. My boyfriend got the prime rib sandwich which he said was "good". Nothing great. I had the pepper steak salad. The salad was huge, a way way bigger salad than expected, and dressed well. The steak was a little too peppery but somehow still lacked flavor. I ordered mine medium well and it was cooked perfectly but lacked flavor to the extreme. I found it weird but I overheard a table next to us who had ordered one of the 16oz steaks and he said the same thing. I'm glad I didn't purchase a steak for the amount of money they were to get it and then be disappointed. Overall, I didn't dislike it but definitely wasn't impressed either.It's an awesome steakhouse with expertly cooked and delicious steak. It's a little off the beaten path but so worth it, especially if you like to gambleCrab cakes are usually full of filler and not full of crabmeat. That is not the case at Hugo's. There is so much crabmeat in the cake till I am not sure WHAT they use for a binder. It has a crispy crust and mega amounts of crab. The drinks are amazing too.After attending a concert in Camden's BB&T Arena I needed a late night meal. There are not many restaurants open at 11 PM serving a full menu.  So why not go to the casino and see if you can find something. Well we did, we were almost seated immediately upon arrival and informed that we would have to place our order within the next five minutes because the kitchen would be closing. No problem I'm pretty simple when it comes to food and I was hungry so being in a hurry was not an issue. I quickly viewed the menu as well as my husband, were able to immediately find things that we liked. The main courses were slightly overpriced compared to other restaurants that serve the same items. But if you have casino winnings you probably don't care. I was happy to see that they had quite a few appetizers and sandwich options that were reasonably priced. Not to mention who wants to eat or should eat a 12 ounce steak at midnight? I placed my order and looked for the bathroom to wash my hands. This is where it gets tricky. The restaurant has a large beautiful dining area and a quite sizable bar area with additional seating however they have no bathroom in the restaurant. Who would build such a beautiful space with such an expensive menu and you have to leave the area to use the bathroom. This is a very poor design on the part of the restaurant. The goal maybe to entice you to play the slot machines or card games. For me it would have the opposite affect once I leave I stay gone . Who wants to leave a beautiful restaurant to go out on to a casino floor with thousands of people, not me?  
The staff was friendly, quick and efficient two people worked in concert to make sure my experience was  smooth and pleasant. I ordered the sliders they came with fries and the cost was $15. Great value. When you think of sliders generally I think of a hamburger, oh no not at this place! I received three perfectly grilled pieces of steak on slider buns with delicious shoestring french fries and they were hot. Would I dine here again? Absolutely I'll just make sure to bring hand sanitizer or wet naps.I went to dinner with high expectations from the other reviews. I was very disappointed! The quality of food can't compete with the other steakhouses in town. It was also completely empty at prime dinner time. I think Sugarhouse is better having a chickie and Pete type of restaurant than steakhouse. The food was also very overpriced for the quality. The mashed potatoes reminded me of hospital mashed potatoes.Ate here on the Tues before Thanksgiving... so pretty empty. We had to use a gift card before it expired. On entry, we had a warm greeting from host. Food was really good and the service fantastic. Had the frogs legs app. I liked it but wife thought a little gamey tasting. Wife had porterhouse...Very tasty with plenty to bring home. I had salmon which was superb. Drinks were perfect. 
Only drawbacks are entering through a Smokey casino and no bathroom in the restaurant... had to go back out to casino. Also restaurant entrance was open to casino which sorta detracted from the ambience. 
All in all, though, it was a great experience.Okay the atmosphere is to die for it first but not only the atmosphere great the service is impeccable my waiter was very attentive. The bread was so soft and fresh, they have a bread that's similar to parc with nuts and fruit with a little butter your in heaven. I had the lobster bisque which was so rich and creamy and served hot. My second course I have the filet mignon with mashed potatoes stick a fork in me and I'm done because it was so tender and for dessert I had the chocolate moose that put me to sleep immediately you have to try this place it's worth every penny.Service was impeccable. The food was pretty good too. It was a weeknight and wasn't crowded so seating was very available. Had the clams and calamari as appetizers. Both well done in the taste department. For the main course the crab cakes and lamb chops. Crab cakes were the definition of Lump Crab Cakes. they were seasoned and had very little filler. The lamb chops had a nice sear on the ouside and were pretty tasty with the mint jelly. They would have gotten a 4 if they menu wasn't so pricey. It's in a casino and they don't have a dress code.There are too many places out there to dine at a fraction of the price than spend your money at this over priced establishment who's food is only OK.I stopped twice during restaurant over the past two years.  The service is very good.  Friendly and helpful staff.  The food is good but not great.  
During this past visit I ordered the crab avocado dip  for my appetizer, crab cake and fries for my entree and bread pudding for dessert.  The appetizer was tasty and huge.  The crab cake was average but the fries were very good. The bread pudding was meh but in there defense I don't normally like bread pudding.  Unfortunately, bread pudding was the only dessert option for restaurant week.  My bf was happy because he got to eat oh desserts.
I was disappointed that nothing special was offered to celebrate my bf's birthday.  I made a point to mention his bf when booking my reservation on opentable and when checking in.  I simple candle or other gesture would have been nice.The food and service was absolutely fantastic... My bf had the rib eye tender and juicy crab mac yesss better than delfrisco.... I had crab cakes huge loaded with crab not fillerEvery thing is devine from the soft shell crab to the steak done to perfection amd oh what flavor. Don't miss the Brussels sprouts if will convert a brussels sprouting hater to a lover.I've heard of this restaurant from a coworker and wanted to try it. It was a perfect opportunity to go during the holiday break because my husband was off from work and didn't have to wake up super early. Therefore he was willing to go out to dinner.  
When we arrived, we noticed that the restaurant did not have a separate entrance from the casino. It was a concern because we had our 11 year old daughter with us. To our surprise,  the security guard escorted us to the restaurant. 
The decor was very modern and clean. The manager greeted us at the door since we had a minor. He was very friendly and accommodating. 
We were seated in a booth in the dining room. We started with a cold assorted seafood appetizer which was beyond delicious. The crab legs were sweet and full of flavor. The shrimps were huge and bursting with fresh flavor. The roasted red peppers that came with the lump crab meat was beyond flavorful. 
For entrees i ordered the king crab imperial stuffed flounder with sautéed Swiss chard. My husband ordered the 20 oz porterhouse and our daughter ordered a cheese burger. As sides we ordered the king crab Mac n cheese and the creamed Spinach.
My stuffed flounder was unbelievable. It was moist and full of flavor. My husband's porterhouse arrived a little over cooked but they corrected it in no time. The mac n cheese was out of this world. 
Despite the fact that we were all extremely full, we received complimentary dessert and boy was it phenomenal. Two chefs personally delivered the big banana dream for my husband and I while our daughter was given a chocolate assortment because she is a major chocoholic. Now big is an understatement when describing the big banana dream. The slice of cake was 5lbs of banana cake layered with fresh banana and an airy whipped icing sprinkled with toasted coconut. I am not a fan of anything banana flavored and my husband does not like coconut but we both enjoyed this dessert. 
Our overall experience was unbelievable. We will definitely be back and we want to bring our parents.Excellent Prime Rib Au Ju!! Excellent crab cake!!! I was included in a party of 4 for my Unc (no relation) Birthday .. they were super under staffed and had no bartender!!! The staff pulled off a professional, service of drinks and food despite those facts! 
But, specifically Daisy! She handled our table with such professionalism!! She was upbeat and had a great attitude!!! I was astonished at how she kept her cool during the mess she was faced with!! 5 star service and food!!!Was recommended by a friend.  Decided to come before a concert. What great service, food and atmosphere. The piano man was a nice touch.  I would have done 5 stars but only had apps and drinks at the bar.  Will update next time when attending for dinner.I need to preface this review by saying I was a regular at the Hugo's in Chicago. I have since relocated to NYC, and being in Philly for a quick stop i "had" to go to Hugo's for our anniversary dinner. (We even had our rehearsal dinner at the Hugo's in chicago, so we are "super-fans").
I was so bummed when we got there. First of all, you have to walk through the entire casino just to get to it. Smoke, slots, drunks, it was a hot mess. We were seated and we asked for bread and butter. The Chicago location has warm fresh bread (2 kinds). We got cold raisin bread. Ok... I am rolling that off my shoulder telling my husband he is too picky. :)
He asked for a Mojito. They were out of mint so they couldn't make it. Bummer, that is his fave drink. On to the next one.... a moscow mule. He said it was definitely on par and I would agree. My pear blossom drink was amazing. best part of the dinner honestly...which is sad.
They did not come around with the big platter of fresh fish and steak. Guys- this is what MAKES the experience. This is where my husband decides between filet or king salmon. But nope- nada. No platter shown to us. :(
They also don't give you a soup or salad with your entree. Chicago does.. so it is very very strange- but ok.. moving on. The miso marinated chilean sea bass. This is THE reason I demanded we have our rehearsal dinner there. I was SOOOO SAD when it came out. It was on some strange bed of cole slaw. SEA BASS was on cole slaw. I was actually doing a double take because I thought "wait, you want to charge me 46.00 for a sea bass and not even give a warm veggie with it?" It ended there for me. I was shocked. Chicago gives you mushrooms and peas in a miso sauce which MAKES the dish perfection. But this was a letdown.
The manager wanted to do something nice so he did give us a free desert and take off 14.00 for our 2 side salads, which was very thoughtful. I thought "ok let's turn this around" and I order a Creme Brulee. But..... they are out of that too. lol.  Overall though, super bummed and a major letdown.
We heard the table behind us as for bread, and they told them they were out of that too. I guess we were lucky enough to get the last piece of bread. (It was also weird they were out of bread because it was nearly empty in there).
*Sidenote- you also have to walk through the casino to use the restroom. Very odd for such a high-end place. Not the same vibe as chi. Guess i will have to make a special trip to chi for our anniversary next year :)Best restaurant in sugar house I think. Service- great, food- excellent (had bread (which they serve before anything else), filet mignon, Brussel sprouts, and cocktails). The only thing I didn't like was that all appies were seafood base. Didn't have dessert...was too full lol. Shoutout to Amy (I think that was the waitresses name)- she was good!Well I should have listened to a few of the other bad reviews. I don't often write bad reviews but this place deserves one. It should have been a huge rip off that the maitre d',  who I think is the manager, didn't great us or even look up from the podium. We asked for a booth and were told that there weren't any available. 5 booths remained empty during our entire stay. He took us to our table and left without a word. We waited about 20 minutes for the waiter to come to the table the first time. He was pleasant but very soft spoken.   He took our drink orders and we asked for bread. We didn't see him for another 20 minutes. He returned with the drinks but no bread. We asked again. After another 15 minutes a different gentlemen brought us water glasses. We asked for bread a third time. In about 10 minutes he brought it. The bread was fine, although cold and the butter was hard in a block. 
The waiter finally returned and took our order. My wife had the filet 12 oz cooked MW and a baked potato and broccoli. I ordered the bone in 16 oz filet and a twice baked potato.  We then waited at least 30 more minutes. We were told twice our meal was coming right out. Our meal was delivered and I received a regular potato which was barely warm. My wife's was streaming hot however. Weird. Both our stakes were very well done and dry. Very underwhelming. 
From that point on no one came back to our table. We never had drinks or water refilled until the check was attempted to be delivered which we declined. They didn't even clear the dishes, we sat there the whole time waiting with the empty plates in front of us. And the place wasn't even busy. 
Overall for a $60 steak it was bad, but the service was worse. Our local Ruth's Chris steakhouse is hands down better in service and food.  Won't be returning.Probably one of the best steak houses I have been to. Been here about 4 times already and have never been disappointed. Service is amazing, food is awesome and so are their drinks. And let's not forget, you can gamble before or after your meal too for some extra fun (well, unless you lose).
Frog legs- don't knock it till u try it and this place knows how to make frog legs! 
Crab Mac n cheese- my favorite side dish. So creamy and cheesy and had tons of crab meat in it.
Filet - definitely melt in your mouth. Next time, I think I might get a fattier meat for that extra juiciness though.
Lamb chops - omg! Heaven. Cooked perfectly and wasn't gamey.
Creme brûlée- yikes... this thing is HUGE. Make sure you share it with someone. It was definitely really good though.
I haven't taken my kids yet, but I'm excited to bring them the next time I come. They always kill my leftovers.Food was absolutely excellent. Ribeye was perfect, sides of Brussels and Alaskan Mac n' cheese were we flavorful and as expected. Waiters were very polite and knowledgeable but felt understaffed. Lacking bus boys??  Idk. My cosmo was good also.Delightfully surprised at the experience we received last night at Hugo's. Service was outstanding and even though our server was stacked, she was attentive and the manager also stepped in periodically. Perfect wedge salad coupled with the 20o porterhouse cooked to perfection. Def gives Ruth's Chris a run for its $. And the oysters, oh my the oysters. kamamotos with this unbelievably unique mignonette that consisted on shaved chilled cucumber and shallots in a light vinegar; to die for. There was a tiny error with our order and the manager made right by offering us a free dessert. Holy moley these desserts are like 3' tall! Key lime pie was bangin. The piano dude set a serene mood. Will definitely be back.This was my first time dinning at Hugo's and I have to say that I was quite disappointed.  My first impression was being greeted by an extremely cold and unfriendly maitre'd.  The restaurant was not busy in fact they had just opened and only 5or 6 tables were occupied in the whole place.  After we sat the first wine that I had ordered was not available so I ordered a second wine and the server brought out the wrong wine.  She did in fact apologize, and after a third time I received what I ordered.  
When I ordered my filet , which is $47, was cooked improperly.  The server brought it back to the kitchen to bring it up in temperature she failed to bring back my side dishes too.  So when my steak came to the table unfortunately my side dishes (which are all al cart) were cold.  I did eat my steak which was good, but all together my meal was unimpressive.  
I go to sugar house often but, Hugo's will never be on my list as a place to eatPerfection! Hugo's is USDA approved and the steaks were the biggest cuts I've ever seen. My T-bone was pure bliss and the filet my husband had delightful...I tried a small piece, lol the service was impeccable. Our server was able to answer every question we had. This place is well worth its price in gold. Can't wait to go back.Never visiting this area, we had no idea that the restaurant was actually IN the casino.  This was a negative for us....but it may not be for others.  We were a bit early for our reservation so we sat at the bar for a drink first.  They had two young ladies performing pop songs in an acoustic style on guitar and piano.  They were very talented and gave the bar area a nice ambiance.  One noticeable thing was the amount of dust behind the bar.  They have nice mirrors and decorative items above the bar...but the mirrors and items desperately needed cleaning (so much so my hubby noticed....and he doesn't notice dirt often).  This type of thing bothers me because I can't help think if they don't clean out in the open where it is obvious to everyone....how good of a job do they do elsewhere where customers don't see?  On a positive note the service was wonderful.  From bartenders to hostess to waitress...we were impressed.  Food was solid.  Didn't blow us away, but also didn't disappoint.  I had the sea bass and hubby had the crab cakes.  We shared a side of spicy broccolini. No room for desert...but we saw a few pass by the table and they looked good.  
Not sure we will be back....but not because it was particularly "bad" but more that it was not really our speed.The food has always been impressive, oversized portions and presented well. The runners are lost. They need training. Identifying a four top is not complicated. Reaching across a guest to put down the plate is wrong. The waitstaff constantly interrupted the discussion of my guests. I ask the waitress to repeat what she said as I was in conversation with my guest when she started talking and I did not hear what she said. She didn't get the hint and on her next return to the table interrupted the conversation yet again. 
The carrot cake was horribly dry and tasteless. Covering it with sweet frosting didn't hide the bad cake. That treat was an 18.00 disappointment. 
Can't say as I will be back as Philly has many options of restaurants.Made reservations went there for my fourth anniversary great food great service anybody wants a good meal little on the pricey side but worth it Joe was our waiter. You won't be disappointedGreat food the crabcakes dinner is superb 2 giant cakes 
Spinach is delicious the service was awesomeWe ate at Hugo's last night and the food was fantastic!
My husband really enjoyed the lobster bisque.
The porterhouse steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  It was served with a side of Bearnaise sauce that was very good.
We also tried the creamed spinach - yum.
Even the bread that was brought to the table was delicious.
We were offered a seat in the back restaurant area but I preferred the atmosphere in the bar area so we asked to be seated there which they happily accommodated.  I love the decor there and the seating was very comfortable.
I felt the wine was reasonably priced for this type of restaurant.
Looking forward to our next visit!My friends and I decided to dine here because of the Restaurant Week promotions, don't know if the service was so poor because of the discounted meals but I have never received such slow service in my life. It took almost 20 minutes for someone to come over and take out initial drink orders. Our entree's arrived over an hour after we initially sat down. My rice and crab was cold and both of my friends' potatoes were cold. Several customers seated after us left well before we did. Over all our dining experience should have take 1.5 hours and we ended up being there for over 2.5 hours. Would not recommendThe tenderloin sliders did NOT disappoint!  I love this place in Chicago too.  I wish they had Bookbinder Soup like Gibson's in Chicago!
Service was great and the manager, Larry, even stopped by to check on us.  Such a nice guy...made us feel special for sure!
LOVED IT!!We had an early dinner last night and it was awful.  Ordered a salad that never arrived.  Ordered a steak medium that came out well done.  Staff was friendly, but seriously lazy.  Way too overpriced for the experience and quality of food.
Only go here if you won a lot of money and are drunk.My wife and I went on a dinner date to the Sugarhouse Hugo's Frog Bar. Our servers, Jessica and Cali, her nickname, were personable, professional, and all around nice people.
Now lets get to the food....My Chicago steak was fabulous, cook and seasoned like I have never had before, my wife had the Alaskan crab legs, Again seasoned perfectly, the meat was sweet, did not need any butter at all. Side dishes, of course the creamed spinach and the lobster mac and cheese.
We will be back...Me and the missus visited Hugo's for restaurant week this past Sunday. We stuck with the special menu. We both had dirty martinis extra dirty which were very good. The calamari appetizer was over cooked. The lobster bisque was nothing special. Michael our server was great, got us a second round of drinks free because of the slow kitchen. My salmon entree was tasty. My wife loved her crab cake. The mayo based sauce for the crab cake was trash! The bread pudding dessert was tasty. Stinks that the bathroom is in the casino and that the restaurant doesn't have a separate entrance. May be back for drinks and buck a shuck oysters.I had the Watermelon Caprese salad and it was literally three pieces of thinly sliced watermelon, three pieces of mozzarella cheese, three basil leaves, and a balsamic reduction. That was it. And it cost $14. This is so ridiculously unacceptable. You can't call something a salad when it has three tiny amounts of different things. And then the waitress made fun of me for eating bread, when that was literally my only option to get some sustenance in me. I'm a vegetarian and this was literally almost the only thing I could eat, and then I ended up being super hungry three minutes after I ate. 
My coworker ordered the Garbage Salad and it came with one shrimp on top of limp iceberg lettuce. And that was $16!! It baffles me that they can charge these prices for the smallest amount of food (that isn't well prepared) I've ever seen.I called to check on my reservation for next Saturday evening before the Jeffrey Osborne concert, but no one answered. As soon as I hung up, an employee called me  back immediately! I was able to  confirm my reservation. That's really good service!We have been to Hugo's at Sugar House Casino a few times. I remember being impressed during our first visit, but it seems like every other visit after that, has just been okay. During our recent visit on Friday, we stopped by to have dinner before the Deon Cole comedy show. 
We were seated quickly and the restaurant was almost empty. We were greeted by a gentleman who asked for our order shortly after being seated. We asked for more time, and he obliged. The gentleman returned and we ordered two drinks, the winter sangria, and a Sam Adams winter lager. My husband was told that he needed to make another beer selection bc the winter lager was no longer on the drink menu. He opted for another Sam Adams beer. We started our dining experience with the bacon wrapped scallops for our app. I ordered the crab cakes for my entree. My husband ordered a bowl of crab bisque, and the turkey club sandwich for his entree. 
My winter sangria was one of the best I have EVER tasted. I felt that my $16 investment wasn't a bad decision after all. The bacon wrapped scallops were good, but we were only given 3. I thought that was an odd number of scallops to give as an appetizer, especially when this place is aware that some parties share apps. My husband told me that he liked his crab bisque, but he wasn't impressed with the turkey club. I think the fact that he paid $13.00 for turkey lunch meat (and not real turkey) didn't sit well with him. I felt that my crab cakes were really good. For $36 I received two very large crab cakes with spicy mayo, coleslaw, and fries. The fries were mediocre, probably bc they were cold, and tasteless. I would have loved to substitute my fries for something else, but the other side options were not the greatest either. 
I was able to finish one of my crab cakes, and opted to take the other crab cake home. I asked our waiter if the restaurant offered a service to store/hold food for people who were going to the show upstairs. He stated the restaurant didn't provide that option. No biggie, but I think they should look into giving customers that option if their customers are going to see a show at the event center. 
We think Hugo's has its moments. Sometimes you will get a great meal and other times you might find hair in your food (This happened at one of our previous visits. Always look at the Cajun chicken and sausage entree closely). We will return to Hugo's? Probably, it's not like this casino has lots of fine dining options.We went there after a concert at the casino, so it was 25% off with the tickets. It was wonderful to enjoy a nice show and just walk down the stairs and had a nice dinner there. We had the flounder stuffed with king crab meat and the pesto salmon. Both were delicious. For dessert, we had the key lime pie. It was a huge serving, enough for 2. Overall, great service, great food, wonderful experience of a show and dinner.Great food, great portions, Excellent service! A must try when in the city! The food is plated beautifully and the environment is relaxing.Had good cocktails and great crab cakes here. I was pleasantly surprised being that it was in a casino. We ate at a the bar and the service was great too. Enjoyed the piano player as well."An authentic Chicago dining experience from Gibsons Restaurant Group, Hugo's Frog Bar and Chop House, a legendary steakhouse is now open at the Sugar House Casino," was the driving force behind the decision of my friends/colleagues including, my SVP who has visited your Chicago establishment numerous times, to visit your establishment! Disappointed would be an understatement!
     Unfortunately, from the moment we entered the restaurant, failure to deliver on many of the flagship restaurant's legacy attributes fell by the wayside!  The ambiance was dismal, dreary, and almost empty.   The entertainment, a singer, was less than stellar.  The décor was not too shabby, however.  However, apparently Chicago's restaurant is always full of people, quite lively and the music, most entertaining.  
The wait staff, although nice, was only reasonably attentive to us throughout the evening.  Their knowledge of the menu and relative service skills were poor.   As this establishment is touted as a higher end restaurant with excellent service, our expectations were much greater.
     As we proceeded to order, some of the signature menu items were not available.  As you can imagine, we were taken by surprise!  When our appetizers came, they were lackluster to say the least!  Our SVP stated, "Nothing like Hugo's in Chicago!"  To be honest, it was not bad or inedible, just not amazing.  Then, our dinner came.  The "big flavor Gibsons steaks" and I ordered the pork chops.  Each was ordered according to preference, but not received according to preference, except mine.  Now, by choice, nothing was returned to the kitchen due to guests' preferred restaurant "etiquette" and rightfully so!  Each ate their meal and sides, not so happily, when steak ordered rare comes out medium to medium well and then, and your pork chop is quite flavorless to say the least!  Moreover, when you are expecting an first-rate, "legendary USDA Gibsons Prime Angus Beef" and unfortunately, receive a less than par substitute, disappointment is an understatement.  Again, cannot say the food was disgusting or had to be discarded, but when you are paying a decent amount of money, you expect QUALITY, SERVICE, and an APPETIZING MEAL!  None of which was honored.
     Needless to say, we all left Hugo's Frog Bar and Chop House at the Sugar House Casino displeased, dissatisfied and disappointed!  My SVP, the most, as he wanted us to enjoy the same experience he had at Hugo's in Chicago so many times!  Please do not equate Hugo's Philadelphia with that in Chicago!  These two restaurants are not in the same league!  Having traveled quite a bit and eaten at many fine establishments, I would say that Hugo's Philadelphia gives the flagship restaurant a bad reputation.  Ratings, positive reviews, James Beard and Michelin stars are not accolades to be taken lightly in this industry!  Hugo's will need to think about the future of its brand carefully!This is a sweet lil gem tucked away in a sea of card dealing, dice tossing, slot machines and smoke. The service has always been great & the food never disappoints. This time we tried the Remy Knockout (Remy Martin VSOP, Cointreau, Pineapple & Cranberry Juice) it was very tasty, just the right amount of sweetness. We weren't very hungry, so we shared a crab cake, sauteed mushrooms, baked potato and a baked sweet potato. The crab cake was delectable as were the mushrooms. The potatoes were, well......baked potatoes. What we especially liked about this night was the live entertainment. Evidently, every Thursday evening a gentleman by the name of Rich Genoval plays the piano and he takes requests! We gave him an array of songs to sing: R&B, classic, pop, hip-hop, popera, rock, etc. And I must say, he was pretty darn phenomenal! He knew most of the songs and pretty much banged them out beautifully. If you are looking for good food, good drinks and a great ambience, don't sleep on Hugo's. AND if it's a Thursday night consider yourself lucky :-)There is finally a good restaurant inside of Sugarhouse casino. It took far too long. I went to Hugo's at Sugarhouse before a comedy show at the nearby Punchline. Sugarhouse has plenty of free parking, so I'd recommend coming here to eat if you are going to a show at Punchline. You can walk from the restaurant over to Punchline, leaving your car parked at  Sugarhouse.
Hugo's has a charming decor and the service is outstanding. Kudos to the waitress, who not only knew the history of the restaurant, but how the dishes are prepared. I started out with the calamari, which was perfectly cooked. I had the filet mignon with a baked potato as my entree. The filet was a perfectly cooked to order piece of steak, but not as juicy as I've had at other steakhouses. And the dessert... OMG... I had the largest slice of multi-layered carrot cake that I have ever seen in my life. Between 2 people you can only scratch the surface of eating it. I had to take it home, where it took days to finish it. The desserts are expensive, but you are getting more like an entire cake in that one slice.
Hugo's helps to put Sugarhouse closer to actually being a top of the line casino. The steak just isn't quite up to the level of my favorite steakhouse, making it not quite a five star restaurant. I look forward to my next visit, and maybe I will be impressed enough to add that final star.Great dining experience. Food a mixed bag.
First I would like to say thank you to my GF for bringing me here for my birthday it was a wonderful experience. Now on to the food....
Clams were very good bathed in a garlic butter sauce. Oysters were good but I have learned it is best to eat oysters during restaurant happy hours as these are $3.75 a pop otherwise. 
There are many steak houses to choose from in Philadelphia with one being better then the next. If you are choosing a restaurant on the steak I would not recommend coming here. Not much flavor in the Bone-In Sirloin we ordered. The steak was ok but when you are shelling out almost $60 for steak my expectation is it blow your mind or have some dynamic flavor ensemble going on.
Fishes- The Branzini was delicious and was prepared in a crafy asian zing style sauce with bok choy. The flounder stuffed with crabmeat was a fail. What is it with restaurants loading up mayonnaise in there crabmeat? The taste of mayonnaise was overpowering and did not work well with the dish - trust me do not order this for a meal.
Frog Legs - Maybe I had them sit to long but these were cold. Not bad overall and I wanted to try them as I have not had Frog legs except at an Asian Buffet over 15 years ago. They were decent but I think frog legs once every 10 years or so is about right.
Now the cake is the reason we actually chose this restaurant and it did surpass my expectation! Look at that picture it is magnificent and I am a huge fan of Banana bread cake so to my surprise when bit into this cake and the layers tasted of banana bread OMG winner!!! The one slice we ordered was 18.50 but it was well worth it as I still have three large portions in my freezer and everyone in our party of four was able to have a portion of this slice at dinner. (They do not always have this cake, however we called over a week ahead of time to ensure it would be there and when we ordered it there was some confusion, the waiter said they did not have it this evening. After some talking to the manager they tracked down the slice we had ordered and reserved over a week ago and thank the Gods above they found it! Waiter even treated us and comped the slice which was a very nice touch)Fabulous food and service to match.  Will definitely come back when we are in Philadelphia.One of the best steaks I ever had .The steak I had was a Chicago cut prime rib And my girl ate the 22oz porterhouse   And the sides were plentifulBad experience all around. The bartender (Billy) could not have been more disengaged and just plain miserable. The food is below average and you are paying center city steakhouse prices.
What a waste of time and money. Go to any other Philly steakhouse and enjoy yourself, the staff, and your meal!
Stay away!I ate at Hugo's Frog Bar & Chop House a dozen times over the years. After the money spent, & money gambled at Sugarhouse, I can type this harsh review guilt free. I expect restaurants inside Casinos to aim to please & are held to a slightly higher standard in my opinion.
I never had problems before. I always ordered the same item (which was removed from the menu but that was not an issue - a Pork Chop that was amazing with a sweet stuffing served along side of the Chop always cooked to perfection). I always sat at the bar very happy with the service I received from different bartenders.
I went for the 1st time in about 16 months, because I've been away. My experience was a disaster! Management should be fired by the food & beverage Director, at the very least written up, & taught how to multi task in order to provide proper customer service to guests & parties simultaneously. When a polite customer or guest has an issue, you handle it, above & beyond, especially if they ask to see a manager, & especially if the problem they have is big black pubic hairs in their food!
We had several issues dining at Hugo's. Starting with the pubic hairs in my beet salad shown in the photo below! And followed by the wrong menu item explained & the wrong item even well over cooked! And the fried calamari was over cooked! We were disgusted but polite about the hairs. I couldn't find or see our server or a manager anywhere for 2-3 minutes, so I grabbed a bus server that walked by 2-3 times & asked him to get a manager. At which point, the original clueless server came to our table, who I didn't want to talk to, so I asked her to send a manager over. The female manager came over & saw the hairs right away as I pointed to them & I said "I know stuff like this happens but it's really gross & I wanted you to see it".
I don't even think the lazy careless woman heard a word I said because she began to talk over me saying "oh yes that's a disgusting hair, I see it, I'm so sorry" grabbed the dish, & disappeared for the remainder of the night. Never saw her again!
My friend ordered what we thought was sea bass over black rice with slaw. That's the dish we saw a customer eating & told the server we wanted. Even told the server pointing discretely at the fish dish that was being eaten eaten by another customer. She ensured us it was the halibut dish not the Sea Bass despite us saying it had black rice & the menu says the sea bass has black rice. She insisted it was the halibut. We said to each other "ok maybe that customer got Halibut with black rice instead of the menu listed sweet potato purée". The Waitress clearly was ignoring us & said again "yeah that's the halibut he's eating you want the halibut". And we said yes. I wasn't even sure she could see the guy 3 tables away, but whatever, we trusted our server. Dumb!
When dinner arrived it wasn't the dish we saw, nor the fish dish we pointed to. "That's the halibut". No it wasn't, it was the sea bass dumbass. How do I know the food & menu & dishes better than an employee?
The kicker was, the halibut was totally over cooked! I took a bite thinking my friend was complaining just being disgruntled about the wrong dish & the hair in the food & the overcooked calamari, but the fish was totally over cooked & actually burnt on bottom! How do you f**k that up? Let me tell you how, by not giving a shit about your job or your customers. From management, to the waitress, & whoever cooked the fish.
Did I mention a bartender seated us in the restaurant because no hostess was present & I guess Servers & management were too busy or preoccupied elsewhere. Crazy. What a total shit show.
Now, you would think management would remove the beet salad with the curly pubic hairs in it from the check right? Guess again! The check arrives, & everything is on the check. The wrong fish that we didn't eat 90% of that was over cooked, the hairy beet salad, the over cooked calamari, total bullshit. So now, I'm boiling.
At this point I told the server "take this off the bill I'm not paying for it", and I was told "sorry my manager was suppose to do that, I thought she did let me go find her". Waitress returns "Sorry about that". Well I apologize, I think both you & your manager are complete morons, I apologize for wasting my time & money with an incompetent restaurant & pride less staff. 
I Left a $20 tip out of respect from being in the business years ago & because I can't blame the server for everything except the fish, but it wasn't deserved & most likely not even appreciated. 
I won't ever go back to Frog Crap House. My lips to Gods ears, I'll never waste another penny there. Gibson's Restaurant Group will receive an email as well, that's how badly this place drops the ball. I want their ownership to know. Maybe they'll care.Came before the comedy show. This restaurant is located in the Sugar house Casino. I can appreciate a fine dining establishment in such a venue. The only thing missing is a good music Hall.
The staff was friendly and helpful from the time arrived until the time we left. I was actually impressed with the wait staff. The name seemed rather intriguing to me & when I inquired from the staff it's origins, I was given a thorough history!
Enough about that, the food was great! For an appetizer we had the calamari. The calamari was crisp, fresh, and accompanied by a great dipping sauce. The portions here were HUGE! For an entree I had the pork chop which came with sautéed peppers and brussel sprouts. The pork chop was tender & juicy. The brussel sprouts were bursting with flavor. I couldn't finish my meal but had to try dessert. 
The table near us had a HUGE slice of cake & when I inquired, the waitress explained the size of all the desserts were shareable. I though no wonder the desserts were costly. After telling the waitress we had just arrived from Vegas earlier in the week & showing the huge sundae we got at a restaurant in Vegas, guess she wasn't gonna let the restaurant be outdone. To our surprise we received a complimentary slice of carrot cake.  This cake was HUGE. it was so big, after eating some I took it home, had leftovers for days & gave cake away too...
This place is a must try!Our first time ever visit here yesterday. Stopped in prior to Herman's Hermits concert at SugarHouse Casino in downtown philadelphia.
Service was a little slow but the food is most definitely worth the wait. We had a slightly zesty chicken dish topped lump crab meat called Cajun Chicken and crab meat. This is called a local favorite on the menu listing. A good value for $21.25....it was delicious!
They give you a decent wine pour also for $9 especially in a casino. The house pinot grigio ( Cielo ) was delightful at that price for an approx 6oz pour. Nice upscale atmosphere is well worth a visit.This place is very nice & inviting. Invited my daughter and family. My daughters college graduation. We had Joe as our server. He's has provided exceptional service. He has given our daughter a tutorial about the different kinds of steaks and how its cut. We order 3 types of steaks different cuts. (The sides)Oysters Mac & cheese cream of spinach, fries and calamari. Everything was tasty. I personally had as a starter the lobster bisque yummy to die for loved it. 
Thank you Joe for a great afternoon. You made us laugh 
We will returnWow what can you say about you goes every time I've been there mistakes are fantastic and made exactly the way you want The shrimp is the size of baby lobsters the food is incredible and that's not just to mention the carrot cake well worth every penny of your money 
Remember this the Steaks are  enough for two peoplei was there last night and was so dissapointed. Spent $400 and had a terrible meal. My sister and I got the Tbone steak- we cut into it and it smelled like rotten meat. We smelled a bad smell and couldnt figure out what it was and eventually identified it was our meat! I dont know if its a gamey smell or rotten but it was awful and I felt sick after. I forced myself to eat the steak since it was si expensive but had ti stop when I realized the smell was coming from my meat. 
I was told NY strip was good from my friend and my husband also smelled a funny smell from his porterhouse. We took it home and in the trash it went. 
The fries were good, crab cake and calamari great. They ran out of bread apparently?
The chocolate cake was terribly dry and had a weird taste.
Drinks were good . We came here years ago and dreamed of coming back but im embarrassed I brought my sister here.
I didnt tell our waitress because I didnt know if the steak stench was normal but after coming home im bracing for the worst after eating itWhat a truly fun dining experience we had there last night with the help of Dominique and Chef Andrew. From start to finish Chef Andrews dishes were well executed delicious works of art. If we could have gotten away with licking our plates we would have. From the sea bass to the melt in your mouth gnocchis and tender ribeye ,each dish was paired with the perfect wine. It was our first time there and definitely not our last. Thank for a night of great food and laughsI have never been and when I checked their menu online it looked pretty good. We were going to an event in the casino so if u have tickets to the event you get 15% off the bill. We had a party of 9. We all thought our meals were good. There may have been 1 or 2 items that didn't wow us. Like the crab meat salad(?)...bbq rubbed salmon was overwhelming but the garnishes were not bad. Not pictured is 3 orders of the Chicago cut steak which we all thought was delicious. Also not pictured was the pan seared scallops...which was also not a hit.Since I generally follow Yelp reviews religiously when it comes to new restaurants, I was hesitant to commit to going Hugo's, despite that it was the only place I could find with a sustainable T-Bone steak (I don't know why that's my favorite cut). After all, this is far more expensive than most places I even consider going, and who wants to waste a birthday outing on a place that's no good? There were a lot of negative Yelp reviews...
But I have to say, I don't really understand the complaints. At all. I'll lead with my only two negatives: 1.) It's weird that you have to leave and go into the casino to use the bathroom. 2.) Service was, admittedly, slow despite it not being crowded at all (still, everyone was so ridiculously kind that I barely even minded). I can't complain about the prices because I knew exactly what I was getting into, ahead of time.
Now onto the positive (of which there is far more): I ordered an appetizer of Buffalo Shrimp, figuring that, as with most places, I'd get three tiny pieces that would taste pretty good, but be gone in five seconds. Nope. These three were huge and were FANTASTIC. I would honestly probably come back at some point to get these even if they had been the only positive. They weren't.
The T-Bone I came to get absolutely met my expectations. I'm not sure if I've ever had one so thick and tender. If I knew more ways to describe a quality steak, I'd use them, but the point is that it was excellent. My girlfriend got Cream of Mushroom soup, a Watermelon Caprese Salad, and an 8 oz Filet Mignon. She seemed equally pleased with all of it.
Then came the part that really put the place over the top. In my reservation, I think I mentioned that it was my 30th birthday. So they brought out some kind of Banana Cream cake (something involving coconut) that was the Chef's Selection for the night - enough for 8 people! They lit a candle for me and everything! I thanked them for not singing to me. Perhaps the funniest part? I actually can't stand bananas or coconut. But I gave it a shot and actually liked it DESPITE not liking any of the ingredients. In a roundabout way, that's the biggest compliment you can give a place - "I enjoyed your versions of foods that I don't even like!"
Yeah, this is definitely my go to "I have something big to celebrate" restaurant. Again, I honestly don't understand the complaints, which further solidifies my opinion that, no matter how good a restaurant is, there will always be some people on here who will give it one star and claim outrage.
Thank you, Hugo's!Business meeting at Sugar house casino. After the meeting we looked for a nice place for dinner. The staff told us Hugo's was it. Unless we wanted to leave and go into the city. 
We hung at the bar first trying to decide. The bar tenders were very friendly and offered advice for dinner. After a few beverages we asked to be seated. The place was empty so service was very good. 
We went frogs legs to start . They were good but I would pass next time. We ordered the lamb chops. As you can see they came undercooked. We sent both orders back. 10 mins later they returned them. They were cooked perfect however I was surprised they didn't replace the ones we cut open. They recooked that one too. Desert was delicious and more than we could eat. Next time we ride into the city.Few months ago, I had the opportunity to try out Hugo's Frog Bar & Chop House. It was my first visit ever, and sadly, my lunch experience wasn't as stellar as I had been hoping.  
- Bread and butter were not offered. Apparently, bread & butter are not complimentary at  Hugo's Frog Bar. 
- King Crab mac and cheese: Not exceptional, just less than perfect.
- Filet Sliders: Absolutely not my favorite. The filet weren't tender enough, and too salty for my taste.
- The steakhouse itself is gorgeous, charming and elegant to say the least.
Three Yelps.If it were possible to give this restaurant no stars, I would. We witnessed two mice running under tables on the floor. When we addressed the staff on this issue, the manager, Josh Everett, dismissed our distress and merely said, "They're back?" He then proceeded to laugh with another staff member about it and showed no care about the issue whatsoever. This restaurant is not worth the money for the lack of quality you are receiving, and any restaurant who dismisses mice and the concerns of their customers causally doesn't deserve business.After hearing my wife rave about this place after an event she had here, I knew I had to come check this place out. She was not wrong. This place serves up some mean food. EVERYTHING that came out was delicious and I was barely able to talk because I was scarfing down the deliciousness.
Sauteed frog legs - You can't come to a Frog bar and not try some frogs. Oh my!!!! I've normally only had Asian style frog legs, but this took it to a whole new level. It was so moist and the sauce that it was sauteed in was so flavorful (lemon garlic butter, I believe). 
Lamb Chops - YES YES YESSSS. So flavorful, so melt in your mouth. It was also a fairly decent size too. I could not finish it. 
King crab mac n cheese - Probably the best mac n cheese I've had in a long time. The creaminess along with the perfect balance of cheese made this side dish to die for. It's loaded with tons of crab meat. I didn't have one bite where I did not have any lumbs of the king crab.
Espresso martini - it was good and strong. Had a huge kick of alcohol to it. The tequila went very well in this martini.
Overall: I think they place has become my favorite steak houses. Can't wait to come back again.