I want to come back here for brunch every weekend!!! I had the breakfast salad which was amazing- whoever thought of putting hash browns and bacon bits in a salad is a genius, I'm just mad I didn't think of it myself!
On top of the food being delicious the decor was adorable- I can't resist a restaurant with great interior decor, bonus points for all the cute lil plants in the windows. The waitstaff were super nice and although I went for brunch on a Saturday there was no wait time. If you're a brunch hoe like me you've got to try this place!Awesome ambiance. Slightly limited bar menu. Very delicious meal. Will come back and highly recommend.
Unsure of need for reservations since the visit was on Saturday night of MDW.Very relaxed local spot. Menu changes depending on time of the day, so make sure you look online before you go there they're offering what you want. Enjoyed my experience including local beers on tap and wine on top. Would recommend to anyone.Bad experience! I've visited a few times for breakfast and lunch. I tend to always head here when I'm in the area because I like that they have ultimo coffee. I had a doctors appointment early during the week and decided to head here before work (8am). The service was terrible! Two staff member on totally inconvenienced that we decide to dine in. I ordered a breakfast sandwich with the chicken sausage. Staff member responded "do you need anything else from the kitchen I only want to go back once" my wife ordered a biscuit which they refused to heat up. The staff member entered the order in the kitchen and decided to grab a table for himself and enjoy his own breakfast. Not sure I will returnGreat space. Bright with lots of windows right in the heart of Queen Village. Clean. Excellent service. I had a delicious breakfast salad - mixed greens, lentils, scallions, pancetta (yum!), and a few more things I can't recall (all delicious) topped with two poached eggs. Unleash the yolk and the salad becomes even better. And the salad was accompanied by a think slice of toasted multigrain bread. Butter and apple butter were provided as spreads. Washed it down with an on tap Deschutes Cream Ale. The other three in my party all loved their food too. Thumbs up all around.Llimited brunch menu but what I had was pretty good.  I had an egg sandwich on a homemade english muffin with scrapple and a hash brown.  It was a little bland on the taste side, but I added hot sauce to add some flavor.  The place is small, but luckily I was there early enough so as not to have to wait for a table.  The service was fast and friendly, but I did get the sense our waitress was trying to rush us out.  We also had mimosas with grapefruit juice which were different and delicious.We had been wanting to try Hungry Pigeon for a while and we finally got the chance on a rainy English-type afternoon this past weekend. It's a small space with large windows decorated with several plants -- a very inviting atmosphere! There are outlets by the tables and it struck me as a great spot to do some work on a laptop or read a book by the rain-splattered windows. 
We had a lovely little lunch there. Their menu changes regularly, so I was excited to see what was in store for us! I got the olive oil poached tuna. It was a light, simple dish with marinated cucumbers and potatoes and banana peppers, cooked tuna, and all on olive bread, topped with a hard boiled egg. It was a freshing and tasty lunch time meal. We also sampled some of the Nebbiolo wine with our meal. 
For dessert, there were many options to choose from that were right on display at the counter where you order -- just waiting to be picked. We each got a large slice of the cherry pie with vanilla ice cream on the side. The pie was divine. I am not usually a fan of cherry pies, but this one was exceptional. The crust, the ice cream and the cherries all contributed to a delectable bite. 
I will definitely be coming back here for breakfast and dinner. I would also recommend this place for a coffee and a catch up or a good read by the window.Because of such high marks, great reviews and being in the Philadelphia Magazines top 50 I decided to try this restaurant. My dining experience was on a Thursday late in the evening. The staff was pleasant and the place had a great overall mood with a chill vibe. 
As for dining I was simply, satisfied. Of the three food items I highly recommend the Cider turnips if you like root vegetables, the old garlic mushrooms were cooked to perfection and succulent however they lacked flavor of any kind including the three large bulbs of garlic in the bowl . The pork skin tacos were quite unusual but delicious. I was disappointed they didn't have draft beer and the Molson I ordered was room temperature.
Many of the glowing reviews were about the breakfast items, maybe I'll come back and give them a try. This may be where they really shine. Otherwise the food was sufficient as well as the service I was just not overly impressed.Went for dinner. The food was good, but nothing to rave about except the Chicken from the main courses. The sea food main course was not that good and underwhelming. 
We did not try starters, so cannot comment on that.
Ambience is so so, our waiter was not too friendly and no one even bothered to acknowledge us when we left. Kind of a downer all in all.
With so many great restaurants in Philly, not going back.The review is an average of a 3 and a 1.  I have had breakfast here 3 times on weekdays, twice in weekends, dinner once and Lunch once.  There are things I have had that are good.   The burger, the egg sandwich, the biscuits and gravy.  But there are just too many mistakes.  
The service is a little uneven which I can forgive in the beginning.   3 dollars for a single mug of coffee with no refills.  Regular restaurant prices for a "glass" of wine served in a small juice cup.  Not sure if uts supposed to be homey but That's a little much.   But I had an entree with uneven roasted veggies that could've easily been diagnosed in the kitchen or at the pass.  I just had an oyster mushroom hash a week or two ago.  The hash was bit particularly rich on its own.  Which could have been fine if the eggs on top had not been so over cooked that the yolks were dried and flaking out.  A hash is premade and the only skill is an appropriately cooked egg.  I did not even eat half of it.  I was sat at the counter and didn't feel like complaining on my own and the server didn't even ask if everything was OK when I returned a plate full of good with eggs hardly touched.  
That is my issue with the service and the place.  The menu sounds good, the room is great, the baked items are great, the coffee is good if not pricey.   But the food, for its prices and wait, is just not being paid attention to.  You cannot send out seriously over or undercooked good at those prices.   
I live nearby.  I want to love it.  And I still go for a quiet weekday and u do now understand how to order.  But three bells, same as vedge or osteria etc, I just don't see it at allI had only heard great things about Hungry Pigeon and I knew I wanted to check it out for myself.  The chef/owner, Scott, was really helpful with addressing my food allergies.  I actually emailed him the night before to make sure there would be an option available for me and he got back to me pretty quickly.  When I came in, he greeted me from the kitchen and made me a beautiful kale and apple salad.  It was delicious and incredibly fresh.  My friend went with the burger and said it pretty phenomenal, too.  Although the food menu is a bit small, it seems like they're executing each dish really well.  
The atmosphere in here was pleasant, although I can see it getting really busy/loud here on weekends.  I was surprised to learn that they serve alcohol, too.  I feel like this could easily be our new neighborhood go-to and can't wait to return!We went for brunch....bland food...really oily...service was meh. All in all wouldn't go back at that time. We will try dinner next fime...seems like best reviews are from that menu.Nice atmosphere.   Mediocre egg n cheese sandwich (coming from an enthusiast).  Good coffee(ultimo), no refills though.   I'll try again in a month and stick to  my regular Sam's, Honeys, Hawthornes rotation.Went for dinner. All around solid meal. Everything was cooked perfectly and flavors were perfectly balanced. 
Bras D'or oysters - fresh/good
Chicken liver mousse - average, needed a      
     sweet element in my opinion
Eggplant dip - good
Summer squash - good
Lobster buttered noodles - very good, must 
      get, noodles were perfectly al dente
Summer steak - very good, a meal in itself!Yaaas. I had some sort of hot buttery whisky drink recommended by the gentleman taking my order, which was the perfect concoction for a cold day lunch date with a friend. I paired that with a grilled cheese and felt like I could hang in there for a good couple of hours with the size of the sand which. Across from me in my friend's sizzling skillet was a chicken curry dish, which was also warm and seasoned to perfection. Warm and savory was the perfect combo for our lunch date and I loved the coziness inside this place. It's perfect for journaling or doing work, or as we were, catching with a friend. Not the cheapest option around, but you get what you pay for‍Great breakfast spot. We got sweets, egg sandwiches and coffees. Everything was delicious and we try to visit each time we come to Philly now.Where did your lunch burger go, and why was the cashier dismissive and rude when I asked? I legitimately still want to know why such a well-regarded item was removed. I had a chopped salad, croissant, and some of my husband's delicious fries. I was really looking forward to eating here and read the review in The Inquirer as well as looked at the menu on the current website and left disappointed and hungry.Great brunch place on the weekends! Good mix of a sweet and savory menu! Fruit pastries, meats, hashbrowns. Great customer service! They don't take reservations or call ahead seating but we didn't wait long and it was worth it! Yum!Grabbed lunch at the Hungry Pigeon with our family of 9 on a quick visit to Philly. Our party consisted of all ages, from 6 to almost 70 and we all left very satisfied. The menu was fresh and interesting. I had a pulled pork sandwich that blew me away, which is not easy as I'm used to Carolina BBQ currently residing in Raleigh. We also loved the full cafe options to accompany our desert, the baristas definitely held it down. This will be added to our must visit places any time we are in Philly.Six of us shared the chef's choice,full course meal ($45/person). It was served family style,with generous servings. Several dishes were standouts :  shishito peppers in romanesco sauce, grilled goat fish and meringues with pastry cream and fresh berries were particularly noteworthy.All the dishes were carefully prepared and seasoned well. The excellent servers were very attentive,knowledgeable,  and personable. They graciously replaced a glass of wine I didn't care for, and took careful note of  food allergies. I would definitely return.I'm sorry but it's not good.  We just had brunch there and the only things that were even acceptable were the bread basket and the hash brown and these were only just acceptable.  My scrambled eggs were completely liquid inside (yuck!) and the gravy for the biscuits and gravy was separated and hardly had any sausage in it, the biscuits were just fair.  The staff, although friendly enough, were pretty clueless.  I mean who brings tea and coffee w/o sugar and cream and then when asked to bring sugar and cream doesn't bring spoons?  Then she brings a bread basket (the delivery of this was weird too) w/o giving us plates.  Now, all that being said, we will give dinner a chance.  We will wait a month or two in hopes that the staff will get a clue.
Update several months later: we went back for dinner and it was much better.  The staff were way more on top of things and the dinner food was a significant improvement over the breakfast food we had previously 
Back again for the ACLU dinner this week, I know there were other chefs cooking besides the owner of THP but just wanted to say the staff was great and kudos to THP for hosting such a great event!This place is so fuckin awesome!  The appetizer (asparagus in blue cheese), the entree (tuna and mushroom kebobs) and the dessert (white cake with rhubarb sauce) were all good.  Only complaint from a friend was that the food was mildly on the warm side, but that's very minor when the food tastes this good.Love this place!  I've only been for breakfast, but it has always been delicious.  We usually sit at the communal table because that seems to be where you get directed to with kids, but we frequently meet some other family or chat to other diners.  It's nice and the staff has always been excellent.  The bread basket seems pricey but it is carb heaven so definitely consider it!Great drinks. Super friendly staff! Try a hot chocolate with rum! Delicious!!! The food is great too!Dutch Baby, Breakfast Salad with biscuit, Breakfast Sandwich with chicken sausage. Bread basket.Every time I'm in Philly this is a must stop spot!!..and I'm coming all the way from North Jersey! Go and check out the Hungry Pigeon! The food, the vibe, and the people are all five stars!!Yikes. I'm typically fairly easy to please at restaurants, but brunch at the Hungry Pigeon was truly disappointing. First, the menu. Why such a limited selection? My disappointment in the limited choices was compounded by the lack of any specials and the fact that the dozen or so choices weren't that good. A $14 chopped vegan salad? That's all the menu said. A) Most salads are inherently vegan, unless stated otherwise (ie Cobb salad) and B) There was no description of the salad. The menu truly just said Chopped Salad. When we asked the waitress what it was, her description was less than appetizing. Lentils, potatoes and olives over greens...? Why? 
Don't get me started on the porridge, which a tablemate got. It looked absolutely Dickensian. 
Two of us settled on the "breakfast salad." It was OK, except the greens were not really chopped and the bacon was super salty and just plain odd. The coffee was off, too - not that the server offered any refills. 
Sadly, this brings me to my last point: the service was terrible. We refilled our own waters by fetching a carafe off an empty table and my friend had to go up and ask for napkins. 
Just skip Hungry Pigeon.The food took an eternity to come; but when it came... WOW, the food was piping hot, and full of flavor. I highly recommend the Apple Baby, baked on premises. The hash browns were so crispy, and the biscuits and gravy... oh the biscuits and gravy. I think I am moving to Philadelphia. I highly recommended eating here but be forewarned to expect a wait.What a wonderful find! Brunch here was so interesting and delicious. I had a rice porridge with avocado, kimchi, vegetables and a poached egg; the dish really came together to make wonderful flavors and textures! I also got a croissant, which was perfect. The people next to me got dank looking egg sandwiches with a whole hash brown inside the sandwich! Also the deep dish pancake that they ordered was enviable. This place is definitely worth your brunching, and it won't hurt your wallet much!I get pissed when someone charges me an insane amount of money for 2 slices of bacon. I can literally get a pound from the Amish at Reading Terminal at the exact same price. That being said, I'll just do that from now on. 
I also get annoyed when I'm at brunch and have to pay $5 (tip...tax...) per cup of (hand-poured? Something like that) coffee. Just make a French press and keep em coming. I just paid $8 for slices of bacon! for Like Noord and their bottomless French (I mean how much coffee could one person drink anyways) it's just water. And a couple spoons. Or Green Eggs with their endless La Colombe. 
But seriously, besides these gripes. It's still obviously 5 star. Maybe it should be 4 stars for annoying me but I have a pricey but happily filled tummy currently. 
I haven't had a horrible meal from here. I've only come for brunch, or for pastries, and once for dessert only. 
Literally amazing each time. Can even bring my little vegan friends here or if we're feelin all "healthy" after the gym. Or come here for a buttery egg cheese bacon sandwich. Yumm. 
The pastries are out of sight. The best I've had for brunch yet in this city. If you're out to impress your house guests, and you want to look now in PJs and coffee mugs and don't want to wait for a table--Come grab a bag full of pastries to bring home from here instead!Been once for lunch and had the pigeon. So fresh and delicious. Went for dinner and had chicken liver toast and the rockfish with polenta. Wife had gnocchi and pork skewers. Everything is clearly well sourced, impeccably fresh and prepared carefully but without fuss. The best part is the vibe though. It's the neighborhood restaurant that everyone wishes was in their neighborhood. Can't wait to go back.Newly opened. Great space, beautifully finished. First day of breakfast/lunch today and, despite some technical difficulties with software, they put out a great product. Food & coffee were excellent. Sticky bun was outstanding!!
The whole counter service, get your own water, number on a stand thingies need to be figured out as they're a little awkward right now. They're likely just teething problems like all new places go through however so I'll be back to see how that changes. Bottom line is the food is great, the place is a welcome addition to the area and the service is friendly. Keep up the good work you guys!Foobooz and Laban have gone overboard, thus expectations are way too high for Hungry Pigeon. This is clearly not the #1 restaurant in Philadelphia, nor is it worthy of 3 bells...especially when it comes to dinner. They typically have 3 entrees, 1 of which is rarely available, and the response to complaints about that highlights that arrogance trumps customer enjoyment. Vernick has the best chicken in Philadelphia, yet they don't limit their customers to 40 servings a week...they are also recognized by the James Beard Foundation, not Foobooz. If you want to make chicken a novelty, go ahead, serve 10 people a night and then also provide a backup entree of red or white meat once it drops off. Servers call this a family style restaurant, but if you're a party of 4 after 6:45 you get to share the lone 2 entrees, bass and eggplant. 
Moving on from the entrees, the raw NJ scallop was good, but much sloppier than the presentation at Friday Saturday Sunday. With drinks, I typically prefer that the lipstick from the customer before me is removed from my glass, not the case tonight. I also don't love 20 minute wait times. Charge customers for bread only if it compares to restaurants that serve better bread for free (Little Fish, Barclay) and season your squid. I'm sure breakfast lives up to the hype, maybe lunch as well, but dinner needs a lot of work.I'm sorry but it's not good.  We just had brunch there and the only things that were even acceptable were the bread basket and the hash brown and these were only just acceptable.  My scrambled eggs were completely liquid inside (yuck!) and the gravy for the biscuits and gravy was separated and hardly had any sausage in it, the biscuits were just fair.  The staff, although friendly enough, were pretty clueless.  I mean who brings tea and coffee w/o sugar and cream and then when asked to bring sugar and cream doesn't bring spoons?  Then she brings a bread basket (the delivery of this was weird too) w/o giving us plates.  Now, all that being said, we will give dinner a chance.  We will wait a month or two in hopes that the staff will get a clue.Yelpers made us nervous, despite my brother's allegiance to breakfast at the Pidge, as he calls it. From first bite, we were eye rolling the haters on Yelp. Perhaps they had bad experiences, but ours was nothing but delicious and delightful. Our 6pm Monday dinner allowed us access to the coveted fried chicken, which is definitely a worthy fried chicken, but it might have been the special pork meatloaf that stole the show. I don't eat meatloaf (or any other ground up and put back together meat dishes) but my one bite turned into an entire piece. We ate most of the menu and they were all worthy bites. If you make it there soon, try everything peach, you won't regret it.Great atmosphere, friendly service, pretty good brunch.
Came here for an early Sunday afternoon meal and enjoyed a breakfast bowl, frittata, and croissant. You can tell this place prides itself on it's baked goods because out of everything that croissant was the best. Flakey, savory, and absolutely delicious. The breakfast bowl had some suprising spice that gave it some nice complexity. Frittata was good, but cold, which isn't generally my preference on the serving of the dish.
Staff did mix up our order, but were quick to bring out the correct item. We were also sat pretty quick, which was great for such a highly talked about restaurant at peak brunch hours.
Generally meal was good and we enjoyed our time, but there wasn't anything that blew me away or puts this among the best restaurants in the city. Compared to similar higher end brunch places in the city this place is solidly middle of the pack for me.If I lived closer I would just hang out here all day and drink coffee and eat the delicious bread. But I don't.  Dinner was amazing. This is one of those places where you want to ignore your instinct not to order the chicken. The grilled chicken with quinoa tabouli was a perfect dish - the sauce was key, tying the whole thing together. The chicken liver mousse, grilled peaches and tomato and bread heel salad were the other highlights. My only critique of a dish was that I thought the peaches could have used a touch of acidity or salt to balance the sweetness. Dessert - a plum financier was also perfection. Love the fact they have reasonably priced wines on tap. A bunch of reviews I read focused on the noise level. They are correct that the restaurant has particularly poor acoustics, but I say, have another glass of wine and speak up. Nothing to get fixated on. Will definitely be back.One of my favorite foodie restaurants in Philly- and the prices are totally fair. There's a lot of variety in the small plates and entries, but I got the feeling that they over-cater to the vegan population (only a couple small plates contained meat, and only one of three entries.) That being said, everything I ordered was fantastic. Don't miss the brussels sprouts, squash dip, and mushroom entrée. The country chic ambience was perfect for a date or get-together of any kind.Enjoyed a fantastic, cozy dinner here with my sister.  Really like the concept of this place, which is simple and relaxed, offering well executed food, breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day. 
We were lucky enough to be seated at a quiet, lone  2-top near the kitchen, and our server warmly walked us through the menu. Though the menu is small, it changes frequently, and you can count on everything to be really well done. 
Our order started off with the excellent "local beans," which sound kind of basic, but they're totally worth getting. We then split the menu's highlighted dish of the moment, which was a roasted chicken, served with fresh tortillas and the accouterments to build-your-own tacos. Such a fun and delicious meal.
Can't wait to go back and try some of their other offerings. That breakfast/brunch is calling my name!Chopped salad is great, and so is the breakfast porridge. The chocolate croissant is flaky with enough filling.The worst service for having 8 people working the floor. Even the table next to us tried to get a servers attention but he purposely ignored them twice..I love everything about this place!  Baked goods that are creative and delicious. An interesting and eclectic menu. Friendly service that was highly attentive.  This is definitely one of our new favorite spots and we will be back repeatedly!  Thank you for opening up in Philly!If the food and ambience are the only reasons to select a restaurant then this would be five stars. Unfortunately, when our reserved table wasn't ready until 25 minutes late, and no one checked on us for the first 15 minutes we were seated that didn't kick things off well. Once we were finally waited on we put in a 3 dishes quickly - and one of them was totally forgotten. The servers and manager were all very nice - but couldn't figure out how to get us food in any sort of timely manner. After the starter dishes we waited almost 20 minutes for our larger dishes. When I inquired they said "everyone sat at the same time". Yea, that's called dinner time. They were running a very thoughtful fundraising promotion for Harvey, which we contributed to. But despite all of our pain points, and good attitude & generosity - they didn't do anything to rectify the issues and we left totally disillusioned despite a delicious meal.- TIP:  Go for breakfast (or brunch).  Whatever you get for an entree -- sub-in one of their homemade english muffins in place of your toast.
- CON: Inconsistent.  My eggs have been overcooked a couple times.  
- BOTTOM LINE:  Great breakfast or brunch spot that is offers more refined plates vs. the typical gut-bombs some other places churn out.  Go hungry and make sure you have room to get a pastry.Where do I even begin? The hash browns! The coffee! The breakfast salad! Breakfast sandwich! Oh my word. Everything is delicious and the staff is lovely. My favorite neighborhood place.Just happened upon this gem when our intended cheesesteak lunch was derailed by no less than 150 people standing in line. What a lucky break. 
The layout is designed very well for the space available. The decor was great and went right along with their style of food offerings. Most importantly to us, they were very accommodating to our party of three, with our 1 year old daughter being the biggest challenge in big city, small restaurant settings. 
Our server was very knowledgeable of the menu, being able to accurately describe items past what the printed menu, which offers a great brunch selection. My wife had the Dutch baby, my daughter had a side of hash browns and I had the hash scramble. All were amazing, cooked to perfection and full of flavor. Because of the amazing suggestion from our server, I also had the biscuits and gravy topped with poached eggs. Not on the menu, but it certainly should be. For the beer lovers, they had a small but great tap list that featured Tired Hands. 
All in all, you'd be a damn idiot not to stop by this place if you're in search of a good brunch. You owe it to yourself. Feed your inner pigeon.Just poorly executed hipster crap. 
I went here with my girlfriend cause she thought the outside looked cute and we were in the area. Every single thing they brought us was burnt. I ordered a breakfast sandwich with their chicken sausage that they were insistent was the pinnacle of culinary excellence and it seemed like they individually cooked and burnt every single aspect of the sandwich. It was almost impressive. Needless to say my girlfriends grilled cheese looked like the walls of a coal mine in hell. And I will not be going back there. My girlfriend was right tho. It had a very cut interior design.So disappointed.  Was so looking forward to coming here, heard great reviews.  Unfortunately we came 1 minute before breakfast was over and they refused to serve us eggs!  How hard is it to make eggs?  Ok.  We came back another day for LUNCH.  The system of ordering at the counter, then going to your table to receive your food, then having to go back to get your silverware in one place, your cream for coffee in another.  It's UP and DOWN over and over.  Some patrons are parked there with computers and not eating - taking up space.  Is it a mobile office or restaurant?  Food was not memorable.  I really want this place to do well, but it's nothing close to Fitzwater Cafe.  I'll wait 1 month and try again.Its a shame that this place just cant seem to get it together. Maybe theyre trying to do too many things. The staff is very awkward and tends to ignore you while you sit there waiting. I dont like to bash places but this try (2nd and last) my coffee had large droplets of oil in it and the cream was curdled...gross. 
As to the comment back from the owner. Its wasnt coffee bean oil. I know what coffee bean oil looks like, it doesnt look like soup! You should work as hard on your service and food as you do on responding to legit criticism.came here for brunch at around 11am yesterday and they only offered us the lunch menu. fine . me and my partner ordered two burgers ($14 each) it came with fries also. 1 bottle of 8 oz coke was $2. croissant and monkey bread were about $4-$4.5 each. we ended up paying over $40 for everything. when we first got our burgers we were so excited. but everything went downhill from there. our first bite into those burgers and everything came slipping out! even the juices. there was meet juice dripping in huge puddles. I instantly notice that the burger was not well done. they didn't even ask how we wanted it and the menu didn't state it was medium rare. so I was confused. I decided to ask for it to be well done. the workers  just looked at me like I was crazy. one girl dressed in all black followed by saying "we only serve it room temperature" excuse me what???? what does that have to do with anything. but I explained that I just wanted the burger more cooked. and they said " we'll see what we can do." with such an attitude that's unimaginable. LOL. just put it back on the grill maybe? I was NOT trying to get my money back or something free. all I asked for was it to be cooked. which is how it was supposed to come in the first place. she brought it back cooked and just handed it over I said thank you so much. she didn't even smile nor reply. just rolled her eyes and went back behind the counter. I was just so shocked at the lack of professionalism in this establishment. the workers seem like they hate their job. I got no thank you or nothing. I always said thank you and please. i will never be back. over priced and no respect.Excellent food, great service and ambience. 
I was surprised to get a reservation so easily ion Opentable for the Hungry Pigeon , which was so highly rated in the Philadelphia magazine. 
We chose to get the $45 chefs tasting menu, which was a great deal, and very satisfying.
Great and reasonably priced wines " on tap" and by the glass. Romantic. Not too noisy.
Very attentive, yet not overbearing, service.
May be my new favorite spot.
We'll be back.My girlfriend and I can't stop going to this place. We go for dinner a lot and are always excited to try the specials and new small plates. Everything is crafted with an excellent attention to detail and tremendous depth of flavor. The staff is friendly and accommodating and the draft beers selection is on point. 
Brunch is also a must here. I'm particularly fond of the Breakfast Salad. It's a great balance of greens, warm lentils, chopped bacon, a poached egg, and toast. Not to heavy, but certainly makes you feel full! 
We always see the owner Scott keeping things going in his trademark overalls, which definitely adds to the charm.Can't recommend enough. Was visiting from New York and went twice, dinner and lunch. Cosy atmosphere and great manner from the staff.
Food was delicious, the burger from the lunch menu was top drawer and the chocolate cake after dinner was also a highlight!
Can't wait to visit againI love, love, love, everything at this place. I've been here for all three meals and multiple times and it is hard to stay away. The servers are so friendly, the chef puts so much love into his food, the vegetarian options make vegetables sing. I have no criticisms - only praise.Great local place to enjoy breakfast. Simple but ample menu of breakfast favorites. Coffee was outstanding, very good service and fun atmosphere. I like local neighborhood restaurants and this place is a perfect example of that. Don't be in hurry as this is a place to relax and enjoy the experience. Food is very good.I visited the Hungry Pigeon on a rainy Sunday morning after hearing tons of excellent things. The Hungry Pigeon has a small menu that they have perfected for an easy, simple, delicious brunch.
I opted to order the breakfast bowl and a coffee, They charge by the cup but the coffee was served very hot so I didn't drink it too quickly. The breakfast bowl consists of congee, some veggies, avocado, a poached egg, and a touch of chili oil. It was warming and filling for such a groggy day. I personally never had anything like it for breakfast before and it definitely felt like ramen for breakfast. I would recommend ordering it if you get the chance. My husband also let me grab a bite of the breakfast sandwich with an added hashbrown which was also delicious. 
The cute little cafe vibe, lined with plants was so comforting and inviting that I would recommend anyone to try this place out.Ginger beer is top notch. It's homemade and perhaps THE BEST I've ever had (and I've had a lot of homemade ginger beers). Ask bartender to make you a Moscow mule with it. Fantastic. Lovely atmosphere.Drove an employee here(Lyft) in the a.m. and decided to come here later for lunch. Not many selections for lunch, they serve brunch until 4pm, so I went with that. Tried the breakfast bowl, which consisted of: brown rice porridge, avocado, lentil sprouts, lunch I, salsa Verde and a poached egg. Oh myyyyy! Yummy! Also added John L. King bacon on the side. I don't know the meaning behind the name, I only know it the bacon kicked ass! They give you water in a nice green bottle. Not sure if it is spring or two water, but good nonetheless!
Had a Bloody Mary too, which didn't disappoint. 
I will be back!I went there Saturday night and got the tasting menu. It started out great, they brought a variety of appetizers, including chicken liver, oysters, beet salad, and tasty bread. The appetizers were all excellent. Things were looking up and I was excited! Then we got a pasta dish with mushrooms, which kind of seemed basic and like something I could make at home. Nonetheless, I was still hopeful for the main course. I was very disappointed when they brought out a turkey dish in tomato sauce. It tasted like cafeteria food. I expected more for the amount of money I'm paying, and it was very bland and uncreative. The worst part was the dessert- this strange plum cake which tasted like it was baked a month ago. I'm not a dessert person, so I wasn't super upset, but I just don't know how you could serve that hockey disk for consumption. All in all, the appetizers were great, but if you go, beware of what they could serve you for the tasting menu. It was all really basic and it might be better to choose from the a la carte menu than to be disappointed with the food you get.Great service, affordable prices and adorable atmosphere. I got a cappuccino and it was fantastic! My only complaint is that the Breakfast Bowl that I got was EXTREMELY spicy (which I can take spice). It was honestly too much for me to even finish. Also, it's definitely more soupy than porridge consistency when it's described as a "brown rice porridge" (check photo below). Other than this, I would definitely go back, just would get something else:)We chose this restaurant from the Yelp reviews and it was great! Service was quick and staff was friendly and attentive. My husband had the breakfast sandwich and hash-browns, he found it "good". It wasn't exceptional but good. I had the breakfast bowl. It wasn't necessarily pleasing to look at but it tasted quite good. It was like NOTHING I had ever eaten for breakfast and a nice change. We will come back!Queens Village has a high turn around, I don't see the hungry pigeon lasting for very long. I do hope it does, though. Expensive food with small portions. I had the poached tuna for $11, creamy potato soup for $8 and the shaved carrot salad for $7. It all tasted very fresh and I have no doubt that high quality ingredients are used to explain the price tag, but it was all very basic. Nothing with a wow factor on the flavor front. 
I would have liked if breakfast items were served all day, since the breakfast menu looks great and affordable, also cafes should always accommodate breakfast IMO. 
As for the atmosphere, the place does look very nice, which is why I stopped in in the first place, but I couldn't help but feel the over priced hipster vibe throughout the experience.
I think the Hungry Pigeon has a solid concept and a great space to grow, I would like to see more affordable options and maybe a limited breakfast menu throughout the day, if the entire breakfast menu can't be served all day. 
I will be back to try breakfast and dinner.It was pretty good but the menu is somewhat small and limited.  I found some of the food a bit salty (the crab salad).
The cheese was amazing and I was definitely we decided to get that.  We had a Brie style soft cheese and the Gouda.   I did love the roasted cauliflower.  There was a nice spice to it but not overpowering.  I used some of the bread from the cheese and stopped up some extra sauce.  I also enjoyed the shakshuka.  The Mexican style corn was overly salty as well.  
Favorite thing of the night was the amazing white chocolate cheesecake where the crust was made from chocolate chip cookie with a cherry reduction and cherry ice cream!Monkey bread is to die for and all the food on the menu is so good! A little pricey for the amount of food you get but worth the chef-made food.Food was tasty fresh and served hot  prices were reasonable but they do charge for EVERY cup of coffee but they did warn us about that when we asked for a refill. Service was good despite a very crowded roomI would say everything was good and some dishes were great, but wish some others were also better. Our cheese plate was ok, a little underwhelming. When I get a cheese plate I want it to be heavenly and knock me off my feet, and the cheeses were just fine. I felt like they were things I could have easily bought myself at a grocery store, but I wanted them to curate a plate that really felt special. The mushroom and polenta was the true standout to me! The earthiness of the mushrooms was amazing. No need to have a protein staring entree with a plate of these quality shrooms. The duck pate was good, but I wanted it to be creamier, and more buttery. The octopus salad was good but the accompaniments in salad vs octopus are what stood out, which is normally the opposite. The dessert was yummy. Loved the mandarin tart with sour cherry sorbet. Great combo happening there. Overall, it was a nice meal, but could have stood out much more.The Hungry Pigeon is at the corner of Fourth and Fitzwater in the Queen Village section of Philadelphia right on Fabric Row.  They serve Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner.  This review is for Breakfast.
For Breakfast, you order at the counter, they provide you with a number to place on your table and they bring the food to you. Don't forget to grab your silverware before you leave the counter. There are lots of tables for 2, 4 and larger groups. If it is busy, you may end up sharing at a larger communal table.  
I have yet to make it here for brunch, but the daily breakfast menu falls short for my taste as the selection choices are limited.  If you are a baked goods/pastries and coffee for breakfast person, your in luck, but if you like a variety of hot breakfast foods to choose from, this may not be the spot for you. The items I have tried are the Avocado Toast, served on wheat toast with ample avocado spread across it with a fried egg. It is really delicious but not quite enough food to satisfy my breakfast appetite. the breakfast bowl, is a bit heartier and contains Brown Rice porridge, Avocado, Lentil Sprouts, Kimchi, Salsa Verde and Spicy Egg. I have also tried the hash brown, unfortunately it was way to crispy for me, almost over done without being burnt, and I am someone who likes my breakfast potatoes done crispy. 
So all in all, based on the few items off of the limited breakfast menu I would choose puts the Hungry Pigeon on my "don't' have to return list", at least for breakfast. There are too many other great breakfast spots in the city with a larger menu selection of creative dishes for me to chose this one.  I have not tried lunch or dinner here, and based on the couple items I did like on the breakfast menu, I would come back to give either lunch or dinner a try.The food is nice and clean and fresh.  The "breakfast bowl" is a great hangover helper.  Nice and spicy.Stumbled upon this gem during my one day Philly trip. Whoa. The space is light and hip. Service was warm and attentive (our server took the time to chat with us about where we should stay for the night). We ordered a bunch of small plates. The pole beans were phenomenal. They're open breakfast til diner wth rotating menus. Get. On. It.I just had my first breakfast there. I had been looking forward to it due to reviews, and while it was ok, be careful how you order. I ordered their hash brown cake on the side that was quoted at 2.00 and was charged 3.00.  When I asked I was told, twice, that what I ordered was not on the side but a side order. Indifference on their part or poor menu writing skills? They keep the dollar and I go elsewhere.
To be fair, everything else was ok, but with their hype, they should always acknowledge a mistake.Celebrated our 4 year anniversary here. Our server Heaven was absolutely amazing. The food was incredible and unique. Casual environment yet very nice. Enjoyed my experience here and will definitely be back to try their brunch menu.As a freelance producer, I spend at least a couple mornings per week in HP, drinking awesome Counter Culture coffee and using their decent wifi. Love the employees and the vibe.We went for brunch this morning, and the food was reasonably priced and delicious. Had the breakfast sandwich (which was huge) and the yogurt and granola with fruit. We got there around 9:10, since we've seen lots of people waiting around outside on other days. Seated right away and it got very crowded by 9:30ish. Additionally, the space is really pretty and I loved all the plants. 
Only downside for me was that a coffee refill was not free, which seems pretty absurd.Everything about this place was a dream. We visited during peak Sunday brunch business and it was still a great experience. We only had to wait a few minutes, and often saw open tables and people being able to come in and get seated right away. The waitstaff could not have been more lovely and accommodating. Everyone looked happy to be working there and proud of their food. I loved that the patrons ranged from 20 to 70 yr olds, groups of young friends and families. Even though we have food allergies in the family, our waitress was super knowledgeable and happily double checked on items. Such a relief when you worry about having to ask these questions. The food was made of quality ingredients and tasted great. The slice of frittata that you get for the price is a little small and would have tasted better warmed up, but that is my only criticism. YOU MUST EAT AS MANY PASTRIES AS YOU CAN MUSTER, THE CROISSANT IS NECESSARY AT THE VERY LEAST!This place started out as a popular breakfast and lunch place. This is casual dinning, big group table at back had 1/2 of us facing a busy kitchen and sharing the table with 3 separate parties. 
The pastry chef is a James Beard awardee. So let's talk about our dinner - backwards, desert/pastries first. 
I'll be tough because they want to be taken seriously for their food. Apricot Bread Pudding gets a B, Rhubarb apple pie  with vanilla ice cream gets an A (we substituted apple and rhubarb sorbert-  a much better combo but our waitress was skeptical and not really enthusiastoc to make a change...service later). 
Hungry Pigeon has a grazing menu, a bit of this and that. Tapas is the new nouvelle cuisine. Bit and bobs don't necessarily go together. Tapas is to accompany drinks not intended to be dinner. But this scourge is taking  hold across the country.
Speaking of drinks: Excellent beer menu. Interesting and high-end wine selection ($12 to $16 selection arriving in small stemless glass).
What did we have to eat? The waitress suggested that the 5 of us order 5 starters (we did) and seemed dissapointed when we ordered only 3 main plates...beware you could easily get to $100 a person in this place with wine - consider the Chef Selection Menu.
A shaved ham with a light marcapone dressing was interesting but didn't go with linguini with clams did it? A plain but quality sausage starter size was served with roasted charred carrots (caramelized and delicious) asparagus treated in the same manner followed by a charred whole bass, moist but maybe not caught that morning, just had a touch of a metallic flavor. Light seasoning, done simply. Veggies in a pile next to the un fileted fish were a mess...but tasty. Two suggestions; serve vegetables separately and waiters should filet the fish. Lots of friendly casual interruptions from the wait staff, attentive  about filling water glasses they earned the 20% tip on a $260 meal for 5. 
Casual at a price was my impression. Service needs polish. Back tables need to be reoriented. Go for the $100 (plus) a person chef menu, he'll chose what you get and pair wines and pull the thing together . That is really important if you are there for a dinner. This place has potential.Delicious, but we stopped going last summer, my partner hated the tiny plates many dishes were served on, not sure if they are still doing this. But many items would come on awkwardly small plate just large enough for the portion and he hated it!!!Today was my third time eating at the Hungry Pigeon. All of my experiences have been for breakfast. This is a fantastic place to have breakfast. It is absolutely on the boujee and semi expensive side of things but it is worth the money and occasionally having to sit at a table with strangers. The chocolate croissant I had this morning was beyond exceptional and I got the breakfast sandwich for a second time today. Let my reordering of the sandwich speak to its delectability . The hash brown is a  must, getting it on the sandwich does make it quite thick but you can work though it. The mustard on the breakfast sandwich is of note. The wait time for a place like this as expected can be lengthy so be prepared.Really cute, lively, restaurant in the garment area of South Philly, a few blocks from South Street. Tried the Saturday brunch and really enjoyed the croissant, hashbrowns, broccoli and hash. The frittata was so so. Very cute decor and friendly service.Brunch was already 5 starts. Well now that we've dined for dinner... oh my. Fresh, creative, and Judy plain old delicious. Exceptionally well done tasting and so reasonably priced. Must try. Twice. For dinner and brunch. Equally as amazing!!Maybe it was because I went there for dinner and not breakfast or brunch...  Thought food was mediocre at best (did 4 course tasting menu) and the paired wines were less than impressive.  I also thought the service was in your face, and the staff repeatedly broke into our table conversation which totally disrupted our evening.
Moreover, the restaurant is incredibly noisy (bare walls) and our table was against an echoey corner'ish wall, which made it next to impossible to have a conversation because you could not hear the person opposite you.  Found myself getting more and more stressed as the night went on -- and when I constructively brought it to the attention of staff as we were walking out, the response back was a bland "OK, thanks for letting us know."  There was no other acknowledgment or "I'm sorry" given.
Net net.  Won't be back.