I had the shrimp, spinach and sun dried tomatoes over pasta in a white wine butter sauce, I liked it so much it is something I often make at home.WOW! This was the best pasta I've had in a very long time. I got the special with crab meat, shrimp and asparagus in a white wine sauce. The atmosphere and the wait staff were also great, I will be back soon!Came here with my partner for restaurant week. The food was delicious.... Until I found a piece of cardboard in my meal. The waiter brought it back to the chef, who claimed it was a bay leaf. As someone who cooks regularly and uses bay leaves in recipes, this was clearly not that. It would be one thing if we found packaging remnants in a meal and the staff immediately apologized... But having them try to pass off what was obviously a chunk of cardboard as a legitimate ingredient is, frankly, insulting. Eventually the manager did take the meal off our bill, but the rudeness from both the chef and waiter was unacceptable. I really wanted to enjoy it here, but if this kind of disrespect is what passes for service, we won't be returning anytime soon.After reading mixed reviews, a friend and I decided to try this restaurant on a Saturday evening.  Things were sketchy from the beginning.  After we declined to purchase bottled water, we seemed to get the cold shoulder and had to wait an extra long time to order/receive bread (long after a few other tables that had been seated after us).  The basic salad was sub-par, nothing special and overpriced.  I ordered penne in vodka sauce with pancetta, and received penne in a drab white sauce (nothing like any other vodka sauce I've ever had) with lumps of fat mixed in.  I could only eat a few bites.  And the other woman who reported a waiter who kept brushing against her breast was right -- he did the same thing to me when picking up my plate and pouring water!!!!  Save your money and check out one of the many other fine Italian BYOBs in Philly, I've been to most of the ones in Philly and they were ALL better than this one.The food is out of this world full of flavor. The staff is lovely and animated. i bring all my out of town guests here, at first they are a bit surprised the restaurant is small but as soon as the food comes everyone is in amazement of the wonderful flavors. I've been a customer for many years now and have always had a wonderful meal.If you love real Italian good, you will LOVE Il Cantuccio. Very small and intimate, no frills, family run restaurant. I have had the same waiters every time I am there and they are very personable and accommodating. Great for a date night or for a party; they will take care of you no matter what your need. 
If you are there with a group, let them bring out some of the appetizer platters... they are delicious and can be changed to match your group's needs. I have gotten the lasagna entree almost every time I have been there because I LOVE it... Nothing fancy, it is standard lasagna but SO delicious. Almost every other person I have ever been with obsesses over the fettucini with shrimp and crabmeat (I am not a seafood person). I have also been there with vegans/vegetarians and they have made them a dish. The tiramisu is delicious and they will usually give you some on the house if you are celebrating a special occasion. 
Like many others have said, make sure you say you want tap water (unless you do prefer bottled water) -- this is standard for every restaurant in Italy, not so much here in American but oh well. The BYOB factor makes up for it. It is cash only but they have an ATM downstairs. If you have not been before, go try it out, it will be your new favorite hole in the wall.This place is a fantastic little BYOB in the heart of Northern Liberties. I recently had my post-wedding dinner here for 14 people and everyone loved it. The food was great, the service was fast and friendly, and everyone enjoyed their food immensely. The portions were really large for a BYOB. Not only are my husband and I huge fans of this place, but now our families are too!Lost it's touch... Significantly. BAD restaurant.  Been here twice before & loved it, actually sad to be writing this.  Service was bad, ordered special & they ran out of ingredients & did not tell me- I had to ask where the dish described to me was (& 2 ppl in our party ordered it). No change on price despite missing scallops & pasta in original order. Not sure what happened but il cantuccio has lost it's touch, it's now just another overrated Italian spot in the city, nothing special, definitely not somewhere to bring out of town guests & not somewhere I'll ever go back to. & for such a lousy meal, it was damn expensive- $165 for party of four??? Mercato, osteria & even la viola ... All significantly better. & the desserts were GARBAGE!!!  the complimentary tiramisu they give everyone is dry and has an odd/disturbing taste, the cream puffs are just gross and the cannoli was insult to a real cannoli.. seriously, save your money.Wow.  I have never been so scammed at a restaurant.  Since we weren't that hungry, we decided to skip the $25 three course.  Apparently, if you order a la cart, they gouge the prices and we ended up paying $50 a person for only 2 courses.  
We ordered a mixto plate.  The waiter kept asking us how many people we were and we said we only wanted one order so it doesn't matter.  When we got the bill, we were charged for 5 plates - so mixto alone was $40!  He refused to change it when we told him that isn't what we asked for.   
Then the waiter kept pushing the specials.  Now we know why - they were $26 each, which is $10 more than any entree on their menu.  What a joke.  I guess it's our mistake for not asking before we ordered, but we never expected that.
NEVER EVER going back.  Sad because we live right around the corner.  We feel really cheated.
And, the food was only so-so.  My penne vodka was extremely bland.I set out looking for a nice authentic and comfortable Italian BYO and that's exactly what I got.
We thought we would have to wait but we were seated immediately +1
When seated we were promptly greeted with bread pesto and olive oil +1
When corking our wine and telling us the specials the waiter was funny friendly and very charismatic.  We ordered an appetizer of assorted Italian anti pasta (the mystery)  and was served with a scrumptious spread of mushrooms mozzarella   and other assorted vegetables (yum!). +5
While waiting for our entrees we enjoyed the atmosphere. A family style restaurant with all the family quirks.
We selected our entrees from the specials list and when delivered they were nothing short of amazing. The lasagna had the most amazing marinara and beef and the seafood fettuccine was nothing short of awesome.  We took our time with our entrees and had a great time talking about our day without any interruption. When dessert came we were simply stuffed but had to indulge. We left satisfied and overly pleased with our Saturday night. Thanks Il Cantuccio see you soon.Went here yesterday with my boyfriend for my birthday. They were doing restaurant week and the menu looked great so we decided to go. We made a reservation and since the weather was nice we decided to sit outside. My boyfriend got the wedge salad for an appetizer and I got the orange and pomegranate salad. Both were tasty and the portions are large. I got the duck bolognese and he got the braised short ribs. The short ribs are AMAZING. melt in your mouth meat and delicious potatoes. The bolognese was good but my bf asked me "where is the duck?" Maybe add more duck and less noodles! Talk about a big bowl of pasta. Dessert was good but nothing spectacular.
The service is spotty. I mean, really spotty. Our server was inattentive and took care of other tables around us while rarely coming to ours. I mean, we were the first table next to the door outside how hard is it to miss us?? Our water glasses were never refilled until after we had gotten the check. Our server was too busy taking shots of alcohol with the table indoor and flirting with the customer.... we tipped generously (even though it wasnt earned) and since no one came to take our check I dropped it off inside to our server. We felt uncomfortable leaving it on an outdoor table. 
 I also accidentally left my birthday card on the table and called the restaurant back to see if they could hold it. After waiting what seemed like an eternity for someone to pick up, a pleasant woman told me she'd hold the card. When I came to pick it up no one was upfront and I had to inform the kitchen that I was picking something up. If it wasn't for the horrendous service i would give them 4.5 to 5 stars no problem. The food is delicious but don't expect great service.Came here with friends based on a Philly insider recommendation. Get reservations. The food is delicious and the service is good.  Order the misto variety platter. We all really enjoyed it. We ordered off the daily menu and were not disappointed. The hubby got the lb chips, which were so good I actually aye them off the bone in public. I got some form of pasta with eggplant and tomatoes which was also delicious. The fish of the daily was simply prepared, filleted at the table and good. The only disappointed was linguine with Alfredo and shrimp which was just ok. Not one of my favorites anyway.  Of you want tap water order it else you will may $4 A bottle for still water. Our server was knowledgeable, fun and entertaining.Never been more offended by waitstaff. Giuseppe immediately came over to our table and told me to put my phone away, that he "can't  even deal with this right now sweetheart".  I wasn't even using it! Then he preceded to take a phone call in the middle of taking our order. He turned our back to us several times to attend to other patrons. He even rushed us to decide what we wanted without giving us enough time to even look at the menu. I've never been so upset with a dining experience and I truthfully wanted to leave, but we stuck it out. The food was decent and the fact that it is BYOB earned it 2 stars.Great little hole in the wall. Food is very good and from what I experienced, the service is good. We had the son as our server, and later his mom came over to chat. It was like we were family. We will be going back.Great for dinner and lunch... especially when you consider the lunch special.  $11 for three courses.  Can't beat it.  They start with the house salad, then a choice of caprese, soup or mussels your way.  Then an entree.  Plus bread and their two home made pestos.  
I know some reviewers complain about service and quirkiness... perhaps we get by b/c we''re locals and been going for years. We always loved their fish special and the lasagna (over the winter) is something you dream about. Its small, cash only and a BYO.  Luckily, if you're stuck waiting, the Abbaye is right across the street for spirits.I tried this BYO last night with my brother and his grilfriend.  This small corner restaurant was very open feeling and everyone from Mario the owner to the servers were extremely friendly.
We started with the Mezza which was a great mix last night.
We all were happy with our meals.
My brother has the special lasagna and loved it. It was a very unique strong flavor.
I had a mahi mahi special with a seafood pasta accompaniment.  The pasta was delicious.  The mahi was over cooked unfortunately.
Overall I would say try it for sure!  It is great to both hang out with a low key group of friends, or for a romantic dinner!
Not sure if I will go back yet, as there are many more in my new 'hood to try out!
Keep it Real!This is a really wonderful place to eat. Reasonable prices, very high quality and delicous food make this place great. I'd highly suggest the Romana, it's amazing.Where do I start... Service is horrible I've never had a waitress less knowledge than I did tonight. Food is terrible... Risotto is rice.. Just not risotto. The entire restaurant was empty. This place doesn't belong in a foodie neighborhood. 
What I don't understand is this restaurant is the only Italian in northern liberties AND it's byob. Why is someone not capitalizing on this and managing a killer restaurant?I paid 20 dollars for some lasagna that wasn't worthy. Overpriced, and they tried to sneak the gratuity into the bill so you would double tip. I'm all about honest places and this was not it. Good for byob...and that's it03/23/12
Il Cantuccio 3rd & Fairmount BYOB
Love this place, haven't been for awhile.
Got a veal chop that came with veg risotto, it was great.  Grilled perfect, risotto was outstanding with orange pepper, mushrooms, and diced onion.
Fettucini with shrimp and crabmeat and asparagus in a creamed brandy sauce. Also very good, perfectly cooked shrimp, nice spring thin asparagus.
Bread served with a nice pesto and/or orange pepper sauce.
Bottled water 1 lt. bottle
Two expresso's and two orders of wonderful cannolli.
62.00 Total...expresso's were comped.
I've never been there when they haven't comped something.
I highly recommend the place.  Beautiful outside in this weather.Friendly staff. Small dine in. Enjoyed food.They're under new ownership which is a total bummer. The mother-son team has left to focus on La Laconda and the menu is really different. The calamari used to be phenomenal here but it went from sauteed to fried with the new menu so we decided on the carpaccio which was really salty. At the time, we thought "okay it's meat & cheese, i should be a little salty". I ordered the Striped Sea Bass which was on special & couldn't finish the plate because of how salty it was. In hindsight, I should have sent it back but I'm not that kind of diner so I sucked it up and ate half of my boyfriends Duck Bolognese which was decent.  By the end of the meal, our lips were burning from how beginning to end salty everything was. It seems the ship has sailed on the fresh & authentic Il Cantuccio we once knew...I've had two experiences with this place.  One was dine in and the other was take out.  I love the feel inside of the place, and the fact that it's an open kitchen.  However, my server was a bit "rough" around the edges.  She was scolding her relative who was very sweet but possibly a little slow for even speaking to us.  It made me feel very uncomfortable, and he was nothing but kind.  The soup is DELICIOUS, and the food was good.  
I decided to go back for takeout and get soup to go.  They put the soup in a pasta container that spilled all over my car.  I've never seen any place do that with takeout.  When I got home there was no soup at all so I called.  She told me that this "never happens" and kind of made me feel like an idiot for even calling back.  However, she did prepare me the soup again in the same container and was nice when I picked it up.  Just say you don't do takeout, it would be way easier.  
I would still go here because of the food and cool atmosphere that you don't often find in no libs, but it's not a top destination by any means.BYOB and delicious! For my first Italian dining experience in Philly, I fell in love instantly. Good service (even though there were only 3 tables taken, which didnt bother me) but also excellent food. Keep in mind we did go on a Wednesday. I cant wait to go again! Totally reasonable prices too. Gosh I love the whole BYOB thing in Philly...!I heart  you, Il Cantuccio!  Your food is amazing and the best lasagna I've ever had, hands down.  It's hard for me not to order my standard Pasta Arrabiatta because I'm obsessed with it, but I really should broaden my horizens because, really, everything on your menu is delicious.  My only point of contention is what most of the other reviewers have already said - if you say "sparkling or still," people in Philly think "still" means tap water.  I've never been tricked into purchasing water before and it annoys me everytime.  Next time, I'll specify, TAP!Excellent food! Very small restaurant (about 12 tables total). Completely open space restaurant with kitchen in the dining room also. Very fresh and high quality food served.  Both times have had a seafood and pasta special that were delicious. 
Perfect place to try away from the usual chain restaurants. 
Cash only restaurant and the nearest ATM is about 3 blocks away.Very Small so expect a very intimate evening.  Bring a bottle of wine or two and enjoy some of the best italian in the city!  I believe that this small place is one of the best kept secrets and almost hate that Im reviewing it.  I love that I can head over for dinner on a slow Tuesday evening and enjoy some of the best food I've had in the city.  I always order the special for the evening and the cheese plate.  The staff is wonderful and make you feel right at home.  Just know that its at BYO and very small in intimate .....meaning (you may be the only one in there at times).My girlfriend and I were strolling about the area and we're starving our faces off. Then we bumped into this place without reservations and they were gracious enough to let us in! Staff was incredibly friendly and we felt like regulars even though we were just passing through.
Now to the good stuff. The food was fantastic! My favorite Italian place hands down. I had the pork shank and my girlfriend had the cannaloni. Pork was tender and flavorful and the cannaloni was perfect. 
The tiramisu was also amazing. The serving portions are generous as hell too! Definitely recommend this place if you're looking for something tasty and filling.
Warning though, it's cash only and byob so come prepared. :) five stars and will be back for more the next time I'm in Philly.Best Italian food in fishtown and northern liberties
a must go toLove this place!!
I wanted to take my boyfriend somewhere new for his birthday and one of my friends recommended Il Cantuccio since it was close to his house. I'm so glad she did!
It was a Thursday but I still called to make a reservation and ask if there was something special they could do, and the lady that answered the phone said she had it covered!
When we walked in, I told her my name and she gave me a sly wink and showed us to our table. We decided to go for the three-course meal so we could try a bunch of dishes, everything looked so good. I also love that you can see everything being made if you get the right seat, and the guy in the kitchen really seems to make each dish with care, which is why it sometimes takes a little longer. We didn't mind, we brought enough wine to last us all night!
We each got an appetizer, a pasta dish and then were completely stuffed when our meat dishes came out but managed to eat about half and wrap the rest. My boyfriend was adamant that he didn't want dessert but I ordered the Tiramisu anyway and when it came out (with a candle on top) they had everyone in the restaurant sing to him. Needless to say, he was pretty embarassed but I loved that they actually took the time to help me make his birthday memorable.
We have recommended this place to all of our friends and will keep going back to get some traditional Italian meals and warm service.I would not recommend this place to anyone. 
Was there on Saturday night. My family and I were strolling around NoLibs, put our name in at Dos Segundos (where we should have gone b/c it's always good) and stumbled upon Il Cantuccio. Knowing it was Mother's Day weekend and also a few Philly area graduations that weekend my family and I were fine w/ waiting for a table. The guy at Il Cantuccio seemed completely flustered and stressed, but seated us immediately anyway. Every time he spoke to our table his gaze was either at another table, the kitchen, or outside. 
When it came time to order our entrees he started with me. I said, "Umm, why don't you come back to me" and pointed to my mom to begin. The waiter curtly said, "Are you ready to order or not? We have to get the orders in to the kitchen, we have to get the orders in to the kitchen! It's busy." Listen dude, I  have worked retail and a bunch of other jobs that require working with annoying customers. Bite your tongue and then go back to the kitchen and complain about me. Between his push to get me to order, his terrible eye contact, and general frazzled demeanor, I felt like I had to inhale my food, which wasn't even that great. The bean/pasta soup app was good, the mussels not good, the arrabbiata was meh. The 5 other people I was with were also not impressed, but again, we felt incredibly rushed and weren't really able to taste our food while inhaling. The check was also written in chicken scratch and my dad had to go through line by line with the waiter to make sure he wasn't charged any extra. Good thing he did because he found out tip had been added already.This little BYOB has the best smells, intimate atmosphere and delicious food.  Gluten friendly.  Went here for a friend's birthday, large group of 15. Great service.  Definitely coming back.I came here on a Saturday with a reservation for 5 at 7:30 for my girlfriend's birthday.  The place was packed but since we had a reservation we were seated right away.  I'm not sure if they only take reservations for larger groups but even if you can't get a reservation, they will open whatever drink you brought (since it's a BYO) so you can have "cocktails" while you wait.
I will start off with the bad things - 1) we were seated by a window so it was a little chilly (I actually didn't notice because the food and company were so good but my friends right next to the window were chilled) and 2) the waiter seemed a little annoyed by us because we had a little trouble hearing him over the din of the other diners.
Other than that, the meal was phenomenal.  We shared appetizers - the cheese & peppers, the misto and the bean soup.  All delicious & fresh.  As for entrees, we had the lasagna, the linguini & clams and the special - which was a shrimp & garlic rav dish with shrimp and crab in a cream sauce.  Again, all delicious, nothing overly heavy or salted.  No one left with a doggy bag except me (and that was only because I was sampling all of the other dinners my friends were eating!).
And because it was my friend's b-day, I called ahead to ask for them to bring out a dessert - which they did, at the end of the meal - a plate for all of us to share AND it was on the house!
Oh - and did I mention the cost?  So, so good for the price, it was about $25 per person.
This is such a great little BYO and I definitely can't wait to go back.I've been to place for lunch several times, and always have an excellent meal. The lunch special is $11.00. Yesterday it consisted of a great salad, (with everything in it very fresh), a bowl of pasta fagioli (scrumptious), and ravioli (delish). As others have stated, the bread and dipping sauces provided are outstanding. This is a great value and a cool little place with a modest ambiance, but great food! Recommended.Went here with a group for a birthday dinner. The space was cozy with a laid back vibe. The staff was friendly and service was good--not at all intrusive.  So, the food....fried calamari appetizers were excellent..light, crispy and flavorful. The mussels were also seasoned well and in a delicious red sauce, but they were quite sandy/grainy. The braised short ribs with smashed potato was absolutely delicious. The pork chop with smashed potato and asparagus was also very good. The zuppa de pesce was ok--apart from the sandy mussels again. The duck bolognese with papardelle and the beef tips with pasta were quite underwhelming. The pastas and the beef tips were bland and the duck was both bland and chewy. The complimentary tiramisu for the birthday girl was great. Not sure if it is made in-house tho'. All in all this is a relaxing spot for a pretty good meal at a decent price. Can't give a 3.5 rating on here, so 3 it is.I've been twice now, and likely won't be back. 
The atmosphere is somewhat fun, very close tables, loud conversations, and a noisy open kitchen. However, the server then had this corny shtick, where he yelled at tables from across the room, and shouted the specials to the entire place. Very strange. He also seemed slammed and took about 5 minutes to open our bottle of wine because he was pacing around going from table to table. When I asked about the mussels, he shouted to 3 different tables to tell me how good they were. 
The mussels in red sauces were delicious, but our entrees were so-so. The penne and vodka sauce was served with this strange clear broth. Not quite sauce. The lasagna was basically a meat cake--there's just no need for that much beef.Another birthday for another friend.  Another amazing night.  This place continues to rock and continues to be my favorite place in the city for amazing, fresh Italian food.
Il Canticcio, you have a place in my heart forever. *heart*Really great dinner. Came here as a last minute decision for a birthday dinner...totally impressed with the service and food quality at this tiny spot in Northern Liberties.We went to this place for a bday event, it was the 6 of us. it is very small loud place, we had to yell to each other otherwise you cannot hear each other when it is full house. 
We had the same experience like others, we were being served "distilled water", which we did not want, and he tried to refill the glasses with the second bottle, we told him that we actually wanted to have tap water, not the sparking water. he said sorry and put away the half of the second bottle. He never refill the tap ice water again, we were all so thirsty after the meals. we were charged for $10, I believe it is $5/bottle. but we did not get to finish our second bottle! if you still want to go after these reviews, you need to tell them that you want tap water. 
We all felt very pressured and did not enjoy it as much. We loved the meals that we ordered, some of the portions are way too small. 
I will never return to this place ever again. i love their food, but it is not worth it. This place will never last with the way they scam their customers.I would give this negative stars if I could...where do I start...
The bathrooms were horrendous, with paper towels literally stuffed into the ceiling as insulation- and the waiter had just finished smoking a cigarette and was airing out the bathroom but apologized because 'he just wanted to get a couple drags in while taking a piss'.  He was loud and utterly boorish.  
The food was abhorrent, there was absolutely nothing redeeming and I am shocked it has been in business for so long.
Antipasto tasted like string cheese and I swear there was pepperjack on it.  The mussels were just okay.
the pasta was totally awful, cloying and acidic sauce with olives full of pits that overwhelmed any flavor that may have been present otherwise.
the tiramisu tasted like a wet sponge and would probably have been happier eating a wet sponge.
Unfortunately this place is probably what most people think Italian food is.  Save yourself a horrible experience and money and go to a reputable Italian restaurant.i thought this place was nice and small for my friend's bday dinner. When we arrived, he told my friend to put away her cell phone when she was checking her text messages. we ordered all of our foods and then the bill came it he charged gratitude for 5 people and it was 23%. he add the gratitude to even out the bill to 200$. when we asked why we were charged an extra 15$, he said bc of the glass bottled water. We had one and he charged us 3. he asked my friend who was there first if she wanted regular water or sparkling water and he brought out the bottled water, & she asked to make sure it was regular water and he said yes. He gave us an attitude saying his mom nor he are liars and took off 10$. in 5 minutes, he asked if he can take the bill 5 times. he asked every 1 minute for it and gave us no time to straighten out the check. very rude and charge you for things you did not order. i do not recommend this place.Had my birthday here last year. I wanted it to be intimate BYO dinner with a party of 10. Il Cantuccio was so accommodating even though they are a small space. The only part we didn't love was everyone was charged a flat fee for the appetizer sampler platters that the table split. We were expecting to just pay for the platters, not a per person fee. However, the pasta was delicious! Most people went with one of the appetizing specials of the day, and everyone was happy with what they got. And the people that work there are so funny and charming!went to lunch....my coworker got the 3 entrees for 12.00. and i just got a bowl of linguini bolognese for $8.00.  same thing happened to us...he asked if water with or without bubbles, and we said no bubbles, assuming it now meant tap water. but what the heck, it was still a delightful lunch. my plate was delicious, and my coworker stated the same, about hers. she had the soup (pasta fagioli), the chicken and broccoli, in cream sauce, and a beautiful salad, I had to take a picture of. the waiter was sweet, and proper and proffesional. yes, the kitchen is right there, but it's a small establishment, and what do you want. the food, and the service was excellent. it was lunch time, on a friday (payday) and we were the only ones there. 
i will most likely go there again, and if i'm gonna pay $4.00 for a bottle of water, it will be with bubbles next time.
I must mention that my co-worker (since she had more food than me) mentioned if they could bring out my main entree since she was still having her salad and would most likely not finish her main entree when it came out, since we only have a 40 minute lunch. he gladly agreed and immediately told the cook to get me plated (in his most sweet Italian language)....we ate had coffee and were back to work on time. that is very very important.Pork belly risotto great!  Dinner for 12 was fantastic. Ravioli, steak,  gnocchi, fish, table full of foodies all happy.My husband and I ate at Il Cantuccio last night and I had a bad experience. I ordered the special linguini with shrimp and crabmeat. After getting our entrees I was getting a very strong smell of ammonia. I couldn't figure out where it was coming from until I put my nose to my plate and it was the crab meat. Instead of sending it back (stupid me) I avoided the crab and ate the shrimp. 
The people were really nice and would probably have given me something else. 
I hope I've learned from my mistake and next time I'll send it back. I just wonder how the cook and/or waiter didn't smell it.I had a great time at this teeny little byob in nolibs.  It is truly teeny tiny so definitely get a reservation.  Their menu is small, but there's no need for it to be prolific.  The complimentary bread comes with two separate spreads that were beyond good.  The small house salad is huge and can be easily shared by several people.  The pasta dishes were also great with decent sized portions.  Service was good and the prices are very reasonable.  For a nice low-key italian byob option, look no further than il cantuccio.My friends and I went here for our monthly Supper Club.  The place is VERY small, which would be fine if it was like, charming and cute.  But, it's not really, at all.  The waiters are incredibly loud, rude, and repeatedly interrupted our dinner by sitting with us, talking over us, and making rude comments.  
The food wasn't necessarily bad, but compared to other Italian restaurants (like Radicchio & La Viola...which are AMAZING) in the city for similar prices, it was like eating a Lean Cuisine meal.  I will not go back to this restaurant, nor do I recommend it to anyone.  
Another note, getting to the bathroom - in the basement - was like walking the plank; thought I was going to die.  Oh, and they don't have ice...like, they don't have a freezer.Hands down my favorite place in the city.  Every dinner is $16 cash only.  As long as you don't mind the noise & lack of a true reservation system, this is the place to go.  The mom/owner opens your bottle of wine while you wait, the son/waiter will tell you what's the best on the menu, and you will always leave full and happy.  Definitely order the mussels in red sauce as an appetizer.  I always order mussels in white sauce but this is by far the best red sauce I've ever tasted in my life.  I could eat here every night and never get tired of it.  I just wish I lived closer!We went on a Friday night and opted for an early dinner at 6:00.  At first the restaurant seemed like it was closed since the entire staff was hanging around outside.  We were the first diners and of course were seated immediately.  We went with the specials: pasta with seafood, pork with risotto and the misto to start.  The misto was probably the highlight of the meal.  It was a great assortment of roasted peppers, carrots, beans, mushrooms, etc. and all very good.  The main courses were average.  
While we were eating most of the staff was outside which was probably better than them hovering over us except they were sitting on the other side of the window looking at x rated pictures that I could easily see while I was trying to eat......a little distracting I guess!!!My sister was visiting Philly for the first time (yeah shame on her) so we decided to have a nice dinner out. Our criteria for picking the restaurant was must be BYO and must be inexpensive...ding ding ding Il Cantuccio was the winner. The restaurant has a great ambiance; when you walk in you are greeted with by a fun loving mother and son team.  They belt out the evening's specials with gusto, which is kind of nice since I have a tendency to zone out when people are telling me the specials, so I was able to hear the list a few more times when other tables were seated. Some say this is annoying, I say this adds character! 
We started off with the antipasti for three. The marinated vegetables, cheeses and olives were very good, but I was not crazy about any of the baked items (frittata, etc.) With our antipasti we had some broccoli rabe which was delicious and dripping with olive oil and garlic but somehow not soggy. For my entrée I ordered the Sampdoriana dish which was fuscilli pasta with shrimp and broccoli in a light garlic and sundried tomato sauce. My sister had the pasta special, which was orecchiette with crab in a light cream sauce. Our third companion ordered the tilapia with scallops and calamari. All of the dishes were good, my pasta dish was light and flavorful, the fish entrée was also simple and really let the fish shine. The winner on the table was the pasta special orecchiette with crab. I think my sis was getting a little territorial about all the forks zooming in to grab another bit of her dish. However, if you are looking for a nice light pasta dish - this is not the one for you. It was very rich, and amazingly delicious. 
Now on to the highlight of the meal - We ordered three cannoli's as we thought they would give you one per order, au contraire - they actually give you two smallish cannolis per order. So needless to say we ended up with a table full of cannolis - not a bad problem to have in my book. We also ordered the tiramisu (which is the boyfriend's absolute favorite) and he loved it's grainy texture and liquor soaked goodness. The stars of the meal were the cannolis which I might have to pick up for takeout every so often because I've never had a cannoli like that before. When the check arrived we were all pleasantly surprised, the price was very reasonable, the waiter had even put on of the cannoli orders on the house, so lucky us!Dinner for 12 got us in and thank you. Ravioli with shrimp in a mushroom sauce out of this world. A new fav spot in Northern Liberties when I visit! Bravo to the chef!Great homemade Italian food. The location is very small, about the size of a large living room. Reservations are suggested.
Cash only, but they have an ATM in the basement.Il Cantuccio is one of the best BYOs in Philly,  I can't believe this restaurant hasn't been reviewed yet.
The restaurant is small, around 25 seats, but the food is always excellent and the prices are reasonable.   I've never had anything I didn't love.  My favorite is their squid ink pasta, when it's available.  I'd definitely recommend making a reservation since it's such a small place.  As is the case with most Philly restaurants, the servers are friendly, making Il Cantuccio on of my favorite places to get my food coma on.I agree with the other poster as well.The same thing happened to us yesterday. We were asked if we wanted water with bubbles or not thinking without would be tap water. When he came with the bottle we let it go but he came with another bottle when we ordered dessert. 
Why risk turning guests off by this style of up-selling so they don't come back? The food is good but you have to watch and listen carefully to your server; that does not make for a happy experience.I really enjoyed the "style" of the resturaunt (i.e. kitchen right in the middle, feels like home type of deal) but the food was just, as yelp likes to call it,  "A-OK."  
I think there are probably better italian byos to head to..My advice: Bring a bottle of wine.  Be patient.  Order one of the specials. (Do yourself a favor!  They are fantastic.)  Enjoy the chaos of a tiny restaurant.  And ladies: don't go downstairs to the bathroom unless you're feeling brave.
Highlights: I ordered the pasta special: fettucini with shrimp, asparagus, and a pink sauce.  Lump crab meat on top.  Heaven on a plate for $19.  My friend ordered the lasagna special and she and her toddler cleaned the plate.
It's clear from the many reviews that you shouldn't visit this restaurant for the service.  The staff was kind and bubbly during our visit, but not entirely consistent.  This is a hole in the wall, but the Zagat, Citysearch, and other awards litter the walls and shelf space.The food was so bloody good I am tempted to get a zipcar and drive down from NYC right now!
The waitstaff was amazing and attentive and nice. 
Coming back in a hurry.I thought I was in an episode of Kitchen Nightmares and Gordon Ramsay was going to appear at any second. This BYOB has been on our list of places to eat for a while. The first waiter we had did not speak or smile and brushed against my breast whenever he put something down on the table--even after I caught on and tried to avoid him. Our second waiter (same night) was loud and obnoxious. He forgot the specials, talked on his cell phone in the middle of the restaurant, and had to ask me how to describe tilapia to another diner. The food was fine. Mostly it was slopped on a plate and was similar to food I can make at home. The "penne with pancetta" was made with bacon. My husband's sausage was like a hamburger patty over a can of white beans. We didn't even stay for dessert or coffee and I would never return to this restaurant again.Took my now fiancé on our first date there. Sat outside, ate great food, byo, go there then there are plenty of bars and other places within walking distance.Did not have a a reservation but was seated quickly outside, our preference. The manager was so bubbly and full of energy. The menu was  the first night of restaurant week. We shared the orange and pomegranate salad which was delicious. My friend had venison and I had the seared scallops. Desert was ridiculous!!! Lavender creme brûlée. I will be back!!! BYOB too.this place is a cute lil byob.  for me as a vegan i have found that small family owned places are great when it comes to menu and ingredient transparency. 
il cantuccio is great.  the server knew the whole menu inside and out and customized a vegan dish for me.  she even went so far as to check on the bread and bring me my own separate plate of olives and grilled veggies (i was with a big group that ordered the antipasto - so the server made my my own lil vegan version to accompany the groups meat/dairy version) 
every time i've been here i've had a great experience.  i would implore them to check out gardein brand products and daiya cheese to maybe incorporate a vegan chick parm to spice the menu up!This was a decent restaurant for a party of 8 -- wait staff was courteous and attended to our needs. Some portions were big, others small. Atmosphere was nice, although it was very chilly in the restaurant. Soup was great, and the half chicken platters were huge. Nice neighborhood spot--would consider returning.I used to come here every once in awhile when I lived in Philly a few years ago and I always loved it. It was always a little bit out of the way, but worth the trip. However, I went back when visiting Philly this past weekend and really felt like it wasn't as good as I had remembered. We had a 9:00 reservation so we were at least able to avoid what I've read about the waiter's rushing you to leave after your meal. We actually didn't really get seated until about 9:30, but it wasn't a big deal because we just waited at the bar across the street and someone from the restaurant came to get us when our table was ready. 
We started with the mussels in the white wine sauce. They were great. My boyfriend and I each tried one of the specials that the waiter recommended. He got the seafood pasta in a brandy cream sauce and I tried the veal chop. I thought the waiter said that the veal chop came with risotto (which is partly why I ordered it...I love risotto!) but I was disappointed when it came out with roasted potatoes. I'm still not sure if I misheard him or not. I wasn't thrilled with the veal chop either. It was kind of dry and the vegetables it came with were mushy. I decided to order a side of pasta since I didn't love what I had. I felt like both my boyfriend's pasta and my side of pasta were over-cooked a little bit. The sauce on his pasta was very good though.  
It wasn't a horrible experience, but next time I'm in Philly and craving a good Italian BYOB, I'll be more apt to go to a place like La Viola or Branzino.4.6
Really enjoyed late meal here. Friendly chef owner. Delicious homemade tasting meal. Perfect portion size(an underated aspect of a meal). Really really yummy chocolate mouse type desert. Comfortable atmosphere. Would go back again with a nice bottle of wine. Well priced and got a spot after one circle around the restaraunt at 945. We talked about how this town, on average and over the typical NYC place,  really excels at the value BYOB and this is another excellent option in that category.Hands down My favorite restaurant in the city. Every dinner is $16, cash only, byob. Fantastic date night. Delicious food & friendly service. The veal is delicious but my favorite by far are the mussels in their homemade tomato sauce...mmmm......the best!I'm glad this place is in my neighborhood. After living in Northern Liberties for almost a year and walking past Il Cantuccio nearly every day we finally had dinner there on Friday night.  We arrived 5 minutes late for our 7:00 reservation and were seated promptly. I had the penne in vodka sauce with pancetta and my girlfriend had a seafood medley of salmon, scallops and clams. The vodka sauce was delicious and full of flavor, without being too heavy on the cream and my girlfriend raved about her food. For dessert we shared tiramisu, which would have been better without the long, dark hair that belonged to neither of us.
Some things you should know:
1. The kitchen is IN the dining room. The entire restaurant is on the first floor of a converted house and the kitchen has two half walls which separate it from the dining room. It is LOUD.
2. The waiter yells specials to the room for all the new tables to hear. After the third time it bordered on irritating.
3. You will be asked if you want still or sparkling water. If you don't care for a $5 bottle of water, make sure you specify tap water.
Overall, the quirks were made up for by the quality of food and price. Our entire meal (two entrees and a dessert) came to $39 even (no tax or tax was included in the price?). Plus, it's a BYO, which always gets extra credit from me! I would absolutely recommend it for a fun dinner out but don't expect a quiet place conducive to intimate conversation.
*Cash onlyThe scallop special was prepared perfectly... As was the gnudi, stuffed pork, chicken, short ribs.  Wow. This place is a definite must do on your next trip to the city. Impeccable service and high quality food. 
Oh and the desserts...  Nutella Mousse was scrumptious as was the espresso creme  brûlée. Do not miss this treasure!!!We made reservations, had to wait 45 minutes before we were seated.
Appetizer Misto was good, except for olives, they were canned. 
I ordered Salmon, it was Ok,(had better) my son's girlfriend had Penne in Vodka sauce, very watery, panchetta was UNDERCOOKED.
 Portions were small. 
My husband wanted the pasta dish with sausage, they came back 15 minutes after he ordered and said they didn't have any more sausage left. (Very strange for an Italian restaurant.) 
Then, we get the check, didn't even hand it to the waiter yet, and the bus boy came to our table and said we had to get up because they needed the table. He began to pick up our wine glasses that we were STILL drinking!!!! We weren't even there for 1 hour, before they were rushing us out the door! They seriously need to realize that diners usually have a 2 hour time slot. 
We will NEVER go back again, and we will let our friends and family know what kind of service we had!!!!!!!!!!!!!I love this place. My family and I have been dining here on and off for years (my parents used to take me when I was a wee-little bean...). It's a very small place and family run. The food is excellent, traditional Italian style without the Americanized extra cream filled fluff. 
I have never eaten a bad meal but they do try to upsell on the water and appetizers if you are not clear about sharing one or wanting tap.  They are cash only but have an ATM in the basement by the restroom.
They are very accommodating for reserving large parties (we had a party of 8 last Friday) for having such a small place.  They put together a nice appetizer spread for us and hooked us up for dessert :) Perfect for a small birthday celebration.
Their tiramisu might be the best in the city in my opinion.  
Guiseppe is awesome.  If you want a good homestyle Italian meal - go... now.I'm a big fan of their red (vegetarian-version) risotto. When I was on a gluten-free diet, I lived for this risotto. Cosy.I always questioned the quality of this place since I drive or walk by it daily and see it empty more often then full. It's also been closed for renovation at least twice in two years. Questionable if you ask me.
Service was quick but again, a little too quick which makes me wonder what is prepared early and reheated. Pasta was good but the fish we had was overlooked. I'd skip this place. It's not bad buts it's definitely not worth trying over other restaurants in the hood.Was here a few weeks ago as part of my BYOB-of-the-month girls gathering. I got here rather early for our 8pm reservation so I was able to take in the surroundings at a leisurely pace. 
The restaurant is, on the surface, everything you want a cozy Italian BYO to be. Red accented interior, tin ceiling, small but, as I mentioned, cozy, lots of Virgin Marys hanging around. Huge potential as a date night. 
I got there around 7:40pm, as the 57 bus was actually on time! The rest of my party staggered in around 8:00pm. The entire time we were there, only four other patrons were seated. A slow night, ok, but this was a Thursday night, which I find comfortably busy in general. Otherwise, this place had every appearance of being that perfect Italian BYOB. 
While I was waiting for my party, I observed. The entire night, apart from the time they were taking orders and cooking - all staff were on their cell phones. It was rather amusing, once one got over the feeling of playing second fiddle to their cell conversations. 
The food was the most disappointing. I expected this quaint hole-in-the-wall Italian BYOB to wow me with the food. Our table of 5 started out with the mussels and salad, which were both sub-par. As an entree I ordered the pasta special, which was mentioned in previous reviews: fettucini with shrimp, asparagus, a scallop to two, and a pink sauce, with lump crab meat on top. This was hands down the most bland pasta dish I've tasted in a long time. AND, this was the only BYOB location that each person in our party failed to be pleased with their meal. I got lots of "ehs" and "I've had better" when I polled the table. The rest of the group sampled the salmon, the chicken breast and the sausage & pasta. 
Oh, and for all you cheese lovers out there. Il Cantuccio will not allow you to put grated cheese on a seafood dish, no exceptions. This is not just a suggestion. The waitress would not give up the cheese dish and only offered it to the member of our party who ordered the sausage pasta dish.I had been wanting to come here for a really long time, and I was a bit disappointed. I saw wild mushroom risotto with pork belly on the menu and it was a no brainer, as I love both. The risotto portion was small, not enough to eat alongside many bites of the pork belly. The meat itself was overcooked and the dryness of the meat in conjunction with the softness of the thick fat strip down the center of the meat was weird on the palette. The cream sauce that came with it was just ok. If I'm going to splurge calories on a cream sauce I want it to knock my socks off. Maybe I got the wrong menu item. The zuppa de pesce looked good on someone else's table. . We also got the calamari which was delicious, it was well cooked and had a nice sauce. For dessert we had the tiramisu which was good, a solid homemade standard. The table at the top of the basement stairs had drafts coming up from the basement, I wore my coat almost the entire time! Would I go back again? Maybe for lunch. There are too many other places to explore to come back again anytime soon.I felt compelled to write a review because I had such an unusually good experience.  First let me put it out there that I have dietary restrictions.  I am lactose intolerant and gluten sensitive.  Anyone who needs to watch their food intake for medical reasons knows how difficult it is to feel comfortable with the service in a restaurant.  If you are watching your weight and you ask for no butter, you may never know if they serve you butter.  If you are severely lactose intolerant and they serve you butter you know and it's not pleasant.  The server made me feel completely comfortable that she and the kitchen could serve me food that was both dairy and gluten free.  They have a gluten free menu.  Many of their dishes are dairy free or are easily changed.  If I'm paying for a meal, I don't like it when restaurants want to serve me a plain piece of meat with salt and pepper.  I want an interesting meal that has nice flavor.  If it is supposed to come with a sauce, then I want sauce.  I had the lamb shank with risotto.  I was pleasantly surprised that I could even have risotto.  It was an amazing meal.  My husband was jealous, and he can eat both dairy and gluten.  I highly recommend this restaurant for quality of food and service.  I even more highly recommend it for accommodating dietary restrictions.It's a family own place, I notice the mother was the hostess while the son the server/waiter
As people mention before the waiter asked if we wanted water with bubble or without, so I said without. Assuming without would be regular tap water I went to the bathroom and came back out and there was already water poured into the glasses and there was a bottle of water there. I disregarded it because it was already poured. He only refilled our water twice and he said that he refilled it four times and charged us $20 for water?! There was a big controversy and he said okay I'll take $15 off....
The server himself was very unprofessional, he stood in front of us taking down our orders while digging in his pants to tuck his shirt in. On top of that he went under the table while I was sitting down and picked up something from under there and said "don't worry I wont look under your skirt" which made it even more awkward... The food was not worth it at all. It was the absolute worse dining experience I had ever had. This place gets one star for BYOBThe service was horrible.  The waiter was rude beyond belief.  For example, we brought a bottle of red wine and a bottle of white wine because what wine we were drinking would depend on what we ordered for dinner.  The waiter balked when I told him to hold off on opening the wine until we decided what to order.  I have never before encountered a waiter who didn't understand that wine selection is largely dependent on food.  Also, the waiter was noticeably more rude to us once he figured out that we are a lesbian couple.  
The food was mediocre at best.  The mussels were sub-par, and the clams on my linguini were not good.  I can name at least five other Italian restaurants in the city with better food at comparable prices.
Don't waste your time or money.I LOVE this restaurant. I have returned to Philadelphia after living on the West Coast for 10 years, and when my West Coast foodie friends come to visit this is the place I bring them to. Their service is excellent but also has a great neighborhood friendly vibe, it is a good balance that works for them. They remember their regulars and treat them like family, which is a trait I really appreciate. Their salads always have high quality fresh ingredients (and yes, I do believe you can judge a restaurant by the quality of their lettuce, if they scrimp on that it is telling), I love the wedge salad and the pomegranate and orange salad.  I always order the pan seared scallops, and am obsessed with the roasted cauliflower. It is overall a great spot for a casual Tuesday night out, or a Friday night when you are showing off Philly to friends that are visiting.Great food cooked fresh to order. Good service. Cannoli are my favorite and I was disappointed. On the other hand I don't usually care for tiaramasu but this was excellent.I went to Il Cantuccio with a group of 5 friends from work.  Our waiter was friendly and the intimate atmosphere with the kitchen right in the same room as you was loud but I enjoyed it.  I ordered the ravioli special (spinach & cheese ravioli in a creamy red sauce) and it was quite good.  The others in my party also enjoyed their meals.
The reason I am giving 2 stars was that I did not like the way that our waiter misled us by charging us for things we did not want.  My boyfriend and I ordered the Misto appetizer.  Our waiter asked us: is this for the whole table or just for two.  We responded: for two.  When the bill came around, it turns out he charged us $16 for two appetizers instead of us sharing the $8 appetizer.  Also, as other people have mentioned, our waiter asked us: Do you want your water with bubbles or without?  We responded: without (assuming that that meant tap water since tap water was not given as an option).  We were also charged $5 for "water."  We ended up talking to the waiter about the water and he removed the charge, but we didn't bother saying anything about the appetizers.  
I just personally don't like feeling "duped" into ordering things.  I feel that it was underhanded and not necessary since their food can speak for itself and they don't need to trick people into ordering things.
Also, we were really pressured to leave even though we had ordered dessert and espresso and were still finishing up our glasses of wine.  All in all, the night felt more stressful than enjoyable.  Note: this was a Saturday night so it was the busiest time.I came here quite a while ago, but I still have fond memories of this place.
When looking for an Italian BYOB, my friend suggested Il Cantuccio because she heard great things.  Initially, my friend did not want to go because when she went inside she said "it's so TINY in here! and the tables are basically on top of each other".  I said "those are the best places!!!!"
I ordered the special, which consisted of cheese ravioli with peas and pancetta in a bacon cream sauce, if I remember correctly.  It was heavenly.
The service was friendly and funny, as our waiter partook in a glass of our wine with us.
My only complaint is that when you order "regular" water they bring you spring water in a bottle and charge you around $5 for it.  Once again, can a woman just get some normal tap water around here!? lol
Also--this is a CASH ONLY spot...be prepared!