This place is either going out of business or is remodeling. All the windows and doors were blacked out with tarp. 
I'm really bummed because I walked here and wanted some great food.I was in Philadelphia for a conference with a coworker and we wanted some good, authentic Indian food. I'm very glad we ended up at this place because the food was great!! Upon arrival we were immediately greeted with papadum and chutney. We ordered Aloo naan, chicken tikka masala, and another vegetarian dish. All the food had so much flavor and was very delicious. Apart from all that, what truly made the meal that much better was the excellent service we received. The staff was super attentive and very nice- even at the end after we had paid, it had begun raining hard outside and our server insisted on us staying inside and at our table until the rain stopped. Definitely recommend giving this place a tryGood food, good service, and LOVE that it's BYOB. I went here for dinner on a Friday night with two other people and the place wasn't crowded at all which was nice. (I think lunch is their busy time because of the lunch buffet.) Everything we had was great- naan, samosas, chicken tikka masala, vegetable and lamb gorma- we enjoyed it all! I'd definitely go back.This is definitely my favorite Indian place in the city. We just stopped in after a trip to the Franklin institute. The service was exceptional. The food very tasty. I recommend the tea. Exceptional. Thank youThis place never disappoints.  Always good food and solid service.  I'd love to go there for the buffet since it looks good, but haven't been yet.  You could go there for me though and write a review and tell me how it is.This is a good neighborhood BYO, Indian restaurant.  Authentic, basic Indian food with very pleasant service, at reasonable prices.  We've eaten here quite a few times and have rarely been disappointed. Tonight we tried the Mulligatawny soup, very tasty, the special biryani, and the baingan bhurta (eggplant); all quite good.I'm so excited that Indian Cuisine has opened! I've been waiting for a good Indian restaurant to open in center city, and now I have a new go to place. The food is a little more expensive than other Indian restaurants, $15 dollars for Chicken Tikka Masala and $3.50 for garlic naan. However, the food was amazing and definitely worth it. It was even better when I heated it up the next day as leftovers. The reason I'm not giving Indian Cuisine 5 stars is because of the obnoxious TV. It was way too loud and was almost impossible to ignore. Luckily, they were playing Bollywood music videos and not actual television, but it was extremely loud and I noticed that everyone in the restaurant was just staring at the videos instead of talking to their parties. I didn't necessarily mind this until advertisements started playing, and the staff didn't turn down the TV when they came on, which led to awkwardness throughout the tiny atmosphere. All in all, definitely go to Indian Cuisine for great service and great food, but don't be surprised if there are inappropriate videos and advertisements overpowering the conversation taking place at your table.Delivery was over 30 minutes late, however food was hot and packaged well. The lamb vindaloo was the best dish and they gave us a lot of rice. Garlic Naan was too chewy and the garlic was clearly from a jar. Overall good meal.I walk past this place almost everyday and I never see anyone in there. Last night a couple friends of mine were deciding where we should go out to eat. We thought this would be the perfect opportunity to check out Indian Cuisine!  
There were only a few people seated inside when we arrived. The staff was prompt and delighted to seat us.  
We ordered a bunch of things and it was all delicious!  I'm so happy we went in because apparently the word hasn't gotten out yet and when it does, we will probably will have wait to be seated next time. 
Advice for the owners:
1. Your food is wonderful!  No changes here. 
2. Make this place a byob!!  It will attract more mouths :)
3. It was a little quiet inside, adjustments needed. 
Thanks again we liked this place.Really great indian, finally in the city. Fresh and spicy. I had lamb korma and cheese naan. Best I've had of both in philly.There are a few positives for this restaurant, unfortunately, authenticity, taste and a good selection in their buffet don't feature in that list
The location is great and the staff is friendly and attentive. However, these positives figure in a business where taste, authenticity and a good selection are more important
The buffet was $12, but had no vegetarian appetizers whatsoever apart from a salad made of old lettuce, close-to-rotten onions and an assortment of other leaves that I didn't really recognize
The chicken appetizer - chicken kebab was just chicken cooked with spices and then colored with food coloring to make it look "authentic"
Then there was butter chicken which hardly had any chicken pieces, mutter panner which hardly had any peas in it and "fruit pulav" which - a) I'd never had before in 25 years of growing up in India and b) Seemed like it was made up of all the fruit pieces that didn't fit in their weird tasting fruit custard, talking of which, the dessert section was a joke. Diluted "fruit custard" which was less milk and cream and more water with stale fruits
Overall, as someone who grew up in India and now seeks out Indian food wherever I live, this is the last Indian restaurant that I'd recommend in PhiladelphiaGreat food. Good prices. Large portions which they pack up with extra sides to take home. --Lovely accommodating staff.  Nice quiet atmosphere.I had the worst experience in this restaurant. I was there with my friend. We ordered samosas, paneer saag, and chicken jhal farezi. They have the worst Indian food. They served half-cooked rice, and half-cooked chicken. Only the samosas were good. On top of it, they are Bangladeshi, but claiming to be Indian restaurant. Even though we mentioned to the staff that the rice is half-cooked, they ignored it, and told us since most of their customers are white, they serve half cooked rice; which is absolutely ridiculous. I have white friends, and I know what they like or they don't. Just avoid this restaurant at all cost!Stopped here on a whim because it's really close to my apartment, and am glad I did! I came by on a Saturday night and it wasn't crowded -- seemed to be getting a lot of take out orders, but there were only two or three tables of diners. 
We ordered the paneer naan, lamb korna, and chickpea appetizer (I forget what the name is on the menu!), and all were really good. The lamb korna wasn't too spicy, and the naan was soft and fluffy. I liked that nothing seemed to be really greasy. At first I thought the menu was a little on the pricey side, but all the food was very filling. We were also given a basket of crackers with different dips at the start of our meal, and a complimentary rice pudding dessert! The service was quick as well. 
I might just order for pickup/delivery next time and dinner and Netflix, but I'll definitely be back.Went with neighbors to check out new local restaurant.  We ordered a variety of dishes and were pleased with all.  The service was also excellent.  We took menus with us, since you can also order for delivery. Wonderful addition to the neighborhood!Indian Cuisine is a solid, no-frills restaurant in the neighborhood that offers pretty delicious food at reasonable prices. In my two visits to the restaurant, I have been very impressed with the main attraction: the food. 
The naan (both regular and cheese) has been perfectly cooked, balancing doughiness with crunch. For appetizers, the samosas are the best I have had so far in Philadelphia: the shell is cooked perfectly, and the vegetable filling is delicious.
The main courses have no disappointed. I have tasted the Chicken Vindaloo and Paneer Makhani, both of which have been above-average. The Vindaloo gets the taste right, though it could be a bit spicier and have more potatoes in the mix. The Makhani's taste is also on point, though I wish the cubes of cheese were sliced smaller. Both dishes could also have been spicier, though I concede that I have an above-average tolerance for spiciness, so this may not bother many others.
The ambiance of the restaurant is subdued: don't expect an interior like Tashan. However, it's clean, the tables are well-set, and, unlike many other restaurants in the city, it is not so loud to prevent conversation among tablemates. 
The service has been a bit on the slower end on both of my visits, although I give them a pass at this point and hope the service will become more efficient after the restaurant staff gains more experience (and maybe personnel). The staff's demeanor is very friendly and cordial, and they are obviously trying to make a good impression for Indian food lovers in the area.
Overall, this is a solid Indian food option at pretty reasonable prices. I hope to return many more times and taste the progress that is made from here on out.Solid Indian cuisine right by the Franklin Institute with friendly service and halal meat, including beef curries. Daal makhani, saag paneer, and butter chicken are all very creamy and lamb vindaloo is nice and spicy. Dinner service in the restaurant is congenial, with expertly folded napkins and dishes served in silver pots, though the restaurant seems to do equal parts dine-in and delivery. The bar tends to be lined with food packed up to go. BYOB.I've been here three times and the food is consistently good, the service impeccable.  The construction of the new Comcast building at 19th and Arch has taken its toll on the neighborhood, but Indian Cuisine is in it for the duration, and it does a bustling take-out trade.  I haven't eaten a great deal of Indian food, so it's always a happy accident when I find a dish that I really love, but then I usually forget its name.  But tonight I had bhuija (onion fritters) an old favorite, as a starter, followed by Paneer something (cheese and spinach), and Malai Kofta, vegetable balls in a cream sauce, both the latter served over rice, and both delicious.  I'm not a vegetarian, but these dishes were interesting, filling and very tasty.  The sauce with  the Malai Kofta was unbelievably delicious and this is one name I'll make a point of remembering.  The perfect place to enjoy a delicious meal and quiet conversation.My go to Indian delivery spot. Spice levels can be adjusted. Ingredients are always fresh and their garlic and onion naan are both great. Good usually. Drives within 45 minutes and the order is consistently correct.Excellent food, excellent service. A must on every trip to Philly. Get an order of the naan, chicken masala, vegetable korma and a chai tea and you've got the perfect meal.I recently moved to the Philadelphia area from New York City, and I have tried a few Indian restaurants in the area.  This has been my go-to Indian restaurant.  Typically I do takeout, and the food is always fresh and hot.  The naan bread and traditional Indian dishes are made well.  Additionally, the owners are extremely nice.
I noticed some reviews mentioned the prices are high.  In my opinion, for Center City and compared to other Indian restaurants in the area, prices are reasonable.
I'm looking forward to trying the lunch buffet.The owner is extremely rude. The first time we went there, the service was good. My husband went there again today with a friend and the owner insisted that they order all at once as it is a "policy". No such policy existed the first time we went. He was very rude and used language when they told him they will only have appetizers to start with. He told them that they are not allowed to do only appetizers and used foul language and asked them to leave as apparently he "makes the rules". Obviously, he doesn't know how to behave with customers. Worst place on earth only because of the attitude of the owner.While walking around downtown my friends and I decided we wanted to have Indian. I checked out Yelp, and it led us here. The food was delicious. I had the butter chicken which was tender. The sauce was light, but very rich. Seriously the best butter chicken Ive had. Naan was delicious as well. Everyone loved their entrees. They also let you have as much rice as you want. 
I deducted one star because I didnt love the interior. Very dark and outdated. 
I will definitely be coming back and opting for outdoor seating.Indian Cuisine is great! I love the food here. My favorites are the vegetable samosas, paneer makhani, and naan. All their food has great flavors and spices. They are happy to tailor the spice level based in your preferences. I like my Indian food to be very spicy and they are happy to oblige. If you use cash here for either takeout or eating in, they give you a 10% discount. They also frequently give us free rice pudding or papadums. My favorite Indian restaurant in center city!Tried the lunch buffet and was disappointed. I love Indian food and was hoping this could become a regular lunch option for me since I just starting working nearby.
Very underwhelmed by the selection. Only 8 trays on the buffet. One was white rice and one was naan, so really only 6 dishes. I was expecting a lot more.
The Daal Makhani (my favorite Indian dish when done well) was a dried out mess. Chicken Tika Masala was OK. Chicken Biryani & Veg Biryani wasn't great. Didn't try the Vindaloo.
For $13 it just wasn't worth it.Delicious food on first visit. I'll be back to try more on the menu. Good service in an old school kind of way.Good Indian comfort food, all the items were perfectly spiced. Service was decent as well, a nice addition to neighborhood restaurants.Excellent food, excellent service. I stopped by here after an appt one day, and glad I did. The food is fresh, spiced just right, and you get a decent amt of food (usually makes two meals for me; and I eat a lot.
Nice spot, near Logan Square Area. Staff is friendly, wait is not long at all. This place is on my top list of Indian food!Very authentic, right spice levels, friendly service, and excellent quality.This shit was pretty good actually. Ordered on a Saturday evening and we ordered instead of going out for a very long and uninteresting story about practical shit. 
My friend said she hadn't had Indian for a while and despite hearing all of these people say philly has good food EXCEPT Indian and they don't really ever eat Indian it seems like I've had an awful lot of Indian recently.
Anyways I had a few, and I mean a Lindsay Lohan "few", glasses of wine at this point and was down for whatever was edible or at least borderline edible. This place actually has a bunch of fucking vegetarian options so it took me longer than my usual two seconds to read the usual two vegetarian options when I'm ordering. I'm still on the fence in regards to whether or not I like having to expend the extra effort to read more words.
I went with some chana masala shit I think, friend #1 told me to order something for her but that makes me nervous to be responsible for something so important so I let her decide and she went with some shrimp curry shit. Friend #2 got lamb something. 
The food arrived finally and due in part to my laziness and in part to the fact that the chair I was sitting in was reallyyyyyyyy comfortable and I was wrapped up in a blanket and everything I was NOT tryna get up to like get my food and shit so I just kinda...let my friends sort it out. 
Eventually friend #1 or possibly friend #2 (it was the wine) handed me a plate of what I thought was fair to assume was my food. It was like a bunch of rice with stuff in it, most notably two giant white balls. Puzzling because I don't recall ordering something with a lot of rice. Anyways I started eating it despite my misgivings. My suspicion was validated when I realized the giant brown cubes was lamb and I was accidentally handed my friend's LAMB shit after he accidentally ate half of MY shit. If you read my other reviews you'll notice this has actually been a theme in my fucking life recently. FML. 
We made the trade and i shoveled my chana masala shit down. I selected "spicy" in the choices, it was the second most spicy option and I felt that the amount of heat was good. I also dipped my naan piece into my friend's lamb curry liquid and it was DELICIOUS. HOLY SHIT. 
Bottom line is this place is really good. I'd definitely order from here again. Try to sort out your food yourself unless you are very trusting of your companions. 
PS- it also comes with like some like rice yogurt/pudding shit and don't just throw that out eat that shit because it's DELICIOUS also.
UPDATE: So I ordered from this place again when I left work super late for a quick meal before bed. I ordered the saag aloo and mulligatawny soup. Food came in a speedy fashion. Unfortunately the saag aloo had TONS of fucking onions in it. Not just like very tiny ground pieces but nice chunks. I had to try to wade through them but it was impossible. It was good besides the onions but the onions made it disgusting. Very disappointing. I couldn't even finish it. If you don't mind onions or like them, this won't be an issue for you. 
The soup was very tasty actually. For some reason I was expecting actual lentils and it's just a pureed soup but it was good nonetheless. No yogurt shit this time.Have you ever just been in the mood for some really good, fresh garlic naan? 
We ordered via grubhub, the food arrived hot and neatly packaged for carry. I definitely want to try lunch sometime soon.This place doesn't even deserve the one star that I have to give by default. It's a shame to even call it an Indian restaurant cause there is nothing Indian about this place, the most important use of Indian spices is completely missing in all their dishes. All the 4 star reviews have been given by non-Indian people who unfortunately experience this pathetic food under the Indian label n that's why end up giving the undeserved 4 stars. Most of the bad reviews are given by people of Indian origin n these are the true reviews. This restaurant has no idea of Indian cuisine n it's a shame that they r still in business for the bad food that they serve. Please avoid going here even if this was the last place on earth serving food.For starters, the food is excellent.  The wait staff are friendly and attentive.  
This would be a 5 star review if they had a beer and wine license.  I love Indian beers.Really great food, plus they give you complimentary papadum! Our server was really nice but I think he might have been trolling - he would say thank you every time he did something that would normally require you to thank him. I.e. after he refills your water, he says thank you. He brings you food, thank you. And they seem to have a pretty solid to-go business going and every time someone would pick up their order, our server would say "thank you, have a good night too" before they had even said anything. I realize it's likely a language barrier/still learning thing, but it was still pretty amusing to watch people not know what to say in response. If I lived in the area, this would be a regular go-to for me. Delicious mango lassi too!We were there on opening day. The chicken tikka lunch was excellent. Staff were very nice and attentive. The restaurant is too nice to have the television on. I really could have done without it. I've had a lit of Indian food and this was definitely up there.Food
The Buffet was just delicious!!! Great biryani, Great appetizers .. Totally worth it 
Service was Weird.. As soon as i Walk in the server "ORDERS" me to take a seat.. He was extremely kurt (May be he does not know that and some one needs to train him to be polite), it only gotten more weird from then. He started eating food from the buffet, standing behind the bar counter. He was eating with his hand (Which is totally okay for us indians) But then he starts picking up the tandoori chicken with the same hands from the buffet.. Now thats un acceptable and downright disgusting...
I stopped enjoying the delicious buffet when i saw that.. And now I'm debating if i should go back !!My train was late, I was tired, grumpy and hungry. I ordered via Yelp, the food showed up hot and delicious. The rice cooked just right. Ahhhhh.This location does not deliver at 15$, i placed an order and they stated they will not deliver unless it is 20$...Please update your site as this was an inconvenience.The food tasted pretty good and I was happy to find a place that delivers Indian food in a reasonable amount of time. 
However, after eating for about 5 minutes, I started crunching on something hard. I thought it might be a pebble or a shell. I took spat it out and it was a LARGE shard of glass. I told the person I was eating with that there was glass shards in the food and he didn't believe me until I showed it to him and he agreed that it was indeed a large shard of glass. Eek!Good food. Meat is halal. Specifically goat is well cooked. Desserts are always below normal. Main course variety is not great, but still better than any other places near by in the locality.Background: We started as a sit-down dinner, and ended up having to get take-out since our toddler made it clear he was NOT going to sit still for a full meal. 
This was our first trip here. Waitstaff were super friendly and accommodating, esp. considering we had to make big changes to our order halfway through -- they were also very understanding about the baby not behaving so well. 
We got a few varieties of naan, some lamb rogan josh and some apps. All the food was good, but the naan was spectacular. Tab came out to a very reasonable $30-ish for 2 adults and a kid. Portion sizes were appropriate -- we were full, but had no leftovers. 
Personally, I am not a huge fan of Indian food as I don't care for super-spicy dishes, but I enjoyed my meal. Most of the food was quite mild (good or bad thing, depending on your preferences), but for me, they got the level of spice just right. 
We plan to put this in our regular rotation.Had a really lovely lunch with some friends on a Saturday. They have great lunch specials but unfortunately (and they need to put it in the menu) the lunch specials are only on the weekdays. We all ordered 3 different dishes & were fully stuffed.
Our server was so kind & helpful. He suggested we order their specialty which I've never heard of before in an Indian restaurant but he explained that it's because they have some Pakistani influence as well. It's call Bam Pak (I hope I'm spelling it right). It comes in lamb, chicken or beef & it looks like a chicken pot pie but the "pie crust" is naan. It was so good! We also ordered the Tiki masala & a chicken saag. All was really good & it came with rice & we ordered a garlic naan too. It was a lot of food which we all scarfed down like rabid honey badgers. At the end, with tip & tax, it came out to $20 a person. 
It was also very easy how he was able to use his iPhone as a CC machine & we could get our receipt emailed to us. Technology is cool.  :-) 
I love good Indian food & so glad I found this place for my fix. Only reason I can't give them 5 stars is because it was warm outside & they didn't have their AC on, just opened windows, so it felt kinda stuffy. I'm sure it's lovely on a crisp fall day with the windows opened but it's still summer & the city is hot.This was for a take out order only.   This is one of the best Indian restaurants I've had food from.  We ordered the lamb achari, saag paneer, and chicken biryani.  Lamb achari was deliciousness and nicely spiced. Big thing was that they actually have tons of tender lamb in the dish which is different than many places in the city. The portions for everything are significantly better too.  The chicken biryani was very good.  However, the saag paneer was the best saag I've eaten ever.  The spices that are the usual for saag were there, but there was something there that made it a saag dish I could eat every day. Finally, the naan was again terrific but I ran out if the condiments. I'm hoping this place is here long term as it's a step above mist places in the city.Vegetarians BEWARE! They either don't care or are inept at understanding. I ordered the vegetable samosas, and inexplicably received one vegetable and one lamb. If I hadn't immediately tasted the difference and spat it out, I would have actually ingested it. Completely unnacceptable. Perhaps it was a one off mistake, but it doesn't matter to me. The food itself was no better than average, so with that in mind, never again. I'll stick with Karma down in Old City from now on when the Indian craving hits.They discontinued their best feature - the lunch buffet because people were eating too much. Now all they have is blah ambience. My bhindi masala  was utterly bland - not just unspicy but flavorless. And the bhindi was far too large.Came here to get out of the snow, and we found a gem! The food was amazing, and the service was memorable. Islam was attentive, accommodating , and the atmosphere transported you. The Lamb Samosas were crisp on the outside and full of moist delicious meat on the inside. We also had the Lamb Karahi which was not too spicy, but full of fresh veggies and meat. I saw the Lamb Dampakth coming to another table, and had to have it. It looked like an Indian pot pie, with a puffed bread top filled with soft juicy pieces of lamb. I can't wait till my next trip to Philly so I can indulge again.Came here for a late lunch (1:30) after visiting the Franklin Institute. There was a check in special to get 10% off if you pay cash but I was bummed to learn it was only for dinner. I wish that was noted! I was there with my husband and out 10 year old daughter. My husband got the buffet lunch and I shared a chicken tikka masala and cheese naan with my daughter. We enjoyed everything. My husband did mention that the rice from the buffet was on the cold side. I'm not sure if it's just a thing in New York but we usually get complimentary crispy bread (don't know what it's called) and sauces but did not get it here. The food was very tasty and servers were all pleasant. There was a gentleman (manager or owner perhaps?) that was constantly on the phone.It was a worst buffet experience ever!! First of all their buffet items aren't that many. On top of that, they don't replenish the items in a timely fashion.Food is fine. But we came here today with our three year old for the lunch buffet. When the check came they charged him full price at $12. When I asked about it they reduced it to $8. $8 for minimal food and some rice pudding. We've frequented this place because we live in the neighborhood but this was severely disappointing.I ordered for pickup 'cos my 3 year old wanted chicken kebabs with rice. While ordering I looked at the chicken section and ordered Malai chicken expecting malai chicken kababs. When I got home it was a gravy dish. It was my fault as I did not order from the Tandoori section. I called and explained my confusion to the manager. They served me and my kid a malai chicken kabab dish at no extra cost. We will be repeat customer and are regular customers. :)This is our go-to Indian food restaurant. They have fast, reliable delivery and the food is great. Our fav is the chicken Korma. You can specify mild, med or hot. The nan bread is superb - always arrives hot!If you're looking for an authentic classy India restaurant than this is it. Food was delicious, timely and the service was great. It's a cute restaurant that gives you best of both worlds. Plus it's a byob!!! And affordable, definitely going to order on grub hub and comeback as well!I love this place. 
My boyfriend and I probably eat here at least 1-2 times a month. I have tried the lamb and chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo and lamb curry and they were all excellent. Also, their naan is awesome. 
I tend to get pickup rather than eating at the restaurant, but I do recommend eating there as they are BYOB and sometimes you get free rice pudding!This restaurant was across the street from my apartment when I lived in Philadelphia and I finally stopped in for dinner.  Despite the restaurant's name lacking creativity, the food is terrific.  This is my go-to Indian spot in Philadelphia!  I highly recommend trying it out.  It's also a BYOB and there are plenty of liquor stores close by to pick up your favorite beer.My favorite Indian food in Philly. Authentic, always have Indian patrons here. Delicate flavors and you can taste the fresh ginger and cilantro. Of course we love the Chicken tikka but also Alo Gobi. Garlic naan is sweet and nice contrast to the spicier dishes. Rice is light and fluffy. Mango lassi yummy. The staff is very nice. We are member at the Franklin Institute so we eat here every time we visit.Just not good, tastes like it was prepared several days ago. I ordered chicken biriyaniWas in town, and wanted some delivery, and was pleased to find Indian Food delivery from Indian Cuisine.  I love Lamb Vindaloo, and have tried it all over the US, and figured I'd add Philly to the list.
I read a few mediocre reviews, , and almost didn't order, but decided to take the chance.  Man, was I glad I did. It arrived early, was nice and hot, and was delicious.  The naan was hot and soft, the soup was delicious, and it was all in all a great experience.
Would highly recommend.I want this local business to succeed.  Its my favorite restaurant late 2015 into 2016. It looks really nice outside and the staff are kind, hardworking and attentive.  Inside, it feels intimate and cozy.  I think they play it smart and safe with spices, but I love spicy foods, so I am not the norm.  I am a big fan of Indian foods.  That being said, many of the items at New Delhi and Tiffin restaurants are better, but you're not comparing apples to apples with Indian cuisine.   If you like the following list of Indian foods, here are some of my favorites: 1. vegetable samosas - best I know in the city - feel really light and they are good 2. mango lassi - better than most I've ever had 3. tandoori chicken - they do it really well here 4. chicken vindaloo - it's my "go-to" dish here 5. paneer tikka masala (cheese cubes - my wife has settled on this dish as her favorite), (hey guys add some green peppers).  On a side note, they give you a great starter with papadon (like crackers) for free with two chutneys and a tamarind sauce.  It's a really wonderful touch.Great food, good service (both for delivery and dine-in), and the staff is very nice and friendly.  Would definitely recommend this place for all those in those in the neighborhood.We ate here after a visit to the Franklin Institute. The food is really good and the service as well.
The prices are reasonable.
We had Tandoori wings, 2 curries and a chicken tikka masala that were freshly prepared and delicious.
Nan bread and rice were very good as well.Ordered takeout items online, and the order was accurate and ready in a short time. Food was exactly how we wanted it prepared. Portions were generous. The spicy lamb vindaloo was perfect and the chili naan had just the right heat. I would definitely return here.The waiter was pleasant enough, although he took away our partially eaten appetiser without asking if we were done with it.
 The rice was a bit clumpy, the chicken was dry, the naan was thick and almost cake-like, and the Mango Lassi was pretty mediocre. 
The level of spiciness of the entree was about right, but overall it was a pretty lame experience. 
At least it was relatively inexpensive.This is my first visit to this place. I'm flattered.
Food is awesome and service is too good and the ambience is also good.
I've tried vegetarian dishes and they are just too good. The best part of the buffet is the bread. This is an amazing bread they I've had in philly.
My friend went for Non vegetarian and he just loves it and every item is delicious.
Surely will come back.I have not had Indian food enough to make any claim at being an expert, but this place is truly awesome and a great value for the food. The food takes a little while to come out after you've ordered, but I think the taste makes it worth it. The prices are totally reasonable and I highly recommend sharing your dishes around the table so you get to try a little of everything.
One thing to note, we had insisted that we did not want an appetizer, but the waiter said he would bring one anyway. We were very surprised when it showed up on our bill. A small $4, but a tricky way to make us pay for something we didn't need.I had chicken tika masala. It was yummy. The very spicy was hot but not too hot. Exactly the way I like it. We also had lamb. It was great also I will definitely eat here again.I'll start off by saying DO NOT get the rice pudding. Disgusting! I took one bite and did not taste at all like it was supposed to. Save your money and maybe try another dessert. 
Butter chicken was okay, again, not what it usually tastes like but still not bad. Comes with plain white rice. Vegetable samosas were the most decent thing I got, good filling and nice and crispy.A charming, cozy restaurant that is perfect on a cold night. The maitre'd greeted me, asked if I'd like to be seated, and offered me a chair by the bar to wait when Iexplained I wanted to take my meal out. I ordered and then walked home. Within a few minutes, my meal arrived, fragrant and tasty. The chana chat was a crisp and soft chickpea appetizer, delightful to eat. My chicken korma was large enough for two meals and was fork-tender. The cheese naan was warm and chewy and complemented the chicken and basmati rice. Small containers of tamarind sauce and a tomato relish completed the dinner. I paid cash and received a 10% discount. I was also given little cards to use to download apps for the restaurant. I plan to return with a friend for a sit-down lunch. I also felt welcomed, which is important when you are dining alone.$11.95 for an all you can eat lunch buffet that includes a drink and desert isn't bad. I had a craving for Indian so we decided to check this place out. By the time we got there, 1:30, things were a bit picked over but there was still a lot of good dishes to choose from including Saag Paneer and Chicken Tika Masala.  They told me that they would make fresh naan bread since there was non available when we got there. The staff was attentive and continually filled our water glasses and I enjoyed the rice pudding with little shreds of coconut in it.Amazing again.  This chef knows what he is doing.  Granted, I ask for very spicy. So the food will be quite flavorful with heat.  Never been there for lunch so can't dispute any reviews that don't like the lunch.  This place is better than anything else Philly has to offer except the low key places in West Philly (mostly samosas).Excellent food and friendly staff it was my dinner time I order lamb chops tandoori- lamb biryani  that is looking so nice and when I eat than I think about food. best India food in Philadelphia I well be back definitelyGreat, authentic Indian cuisine. I love this restaurant! I'm a huge fan of Indian food and there aren't many good options in Philadelphia. This is one of them! One of their specialties is the tandoori chicken. Delicious Saag Paneer as well. The staff is so lovely, it's a real treat to eat here.Rip Off - 13$ for a Lunch on a weekday. Vegetarian all that they had was roti and 2 curries and a biryani. All 4 of them tasteless! 
No spice no flavor - was not fresh neither authentic.
Do yourself a favor and go to other restaurants in Philly which serves lunch for half the price and double the taste.The food here is great. I've been here maybe once every two weeks for a year now. Each time there's the allure of paying cash for a 10% discount. But the last two times I've come, I've felt like a miscommunication left a bitter taste in my mouth. The first time I paid through the app which they said would give me a 10% discount. Turns out you order in the app and pay cash or it's full price. Fine. I come in next time and order only one dish which costs $12 and want to pay cash for the discount. This time they say that only discounts are given for cash above $15. So id rather pay with card but their policy is for only cash under $15. They do have that yelp info for 10% discount for cash payments with no mention of the minimum. So here I am fuming over less than $2 savings but I feel like it's been a bait and switch each time, despite the food being really fucking tasty. So here's a review. Eat at this place because it is really good. Just make sure you ask for that discount but be very clear that they should honor the cash discount whether it's less than $15 or not.In Philly for first time & was looking for late lunch. Rating on this place were good & it was close. We were past the Buffett time so se ordered from the menu. We had shrimp biryani,  lamb curry & naan. All were good but the curry was amazing. Staff was courteous & attentive.We had the food delivered to our hotel! I love Indian and was looking forward to getting some yummy food to a nice hotel. They delivered to a hotel and didn't send plates, folks, and napkins! Even when we asked for the utensils. The food overall was good and hot when it arrived.The most reliable and comforting Indian food I've had so far in Philly. Not only do they deliver free for a $15 order on GrubHub, but they delivered my Indian during the Snowmagedon 2016!!! 
Definitely my go-to Indian in town.Best Indian restaurant I have been to (and I love Indian).  Exceptional food.  Excellent service.  Quick.  A bit pricey, but worth every penny.This is a review of the lunch buffet relative to other buffets. 
Tasty Indian restaurant mainstays, good variety, and good price relative that other Indian buffet in Center City although not as big as the Indian buffets in University City.  The standout items were the baignan bharta, which had a delicious note of cloves, and a green coriander yogurt chutney with an tasty mango sweetness.I should have known if a restaurant can't come up with a name they don't know what they are doing whatsoever.  Ordered food specifically to a hotel, no utensils, napkins, plates.  How am I supposed to eat this?  Have to run across to a restaurant to beg for utensils.  I realize Indian food varies by region but I have tried quite a bit of Indian food over past decade. Mulligatawny soup, bitter with lemons in it.  Mixed grill, bitter and overseasoned, some of the pieces of chicken have a funny texture.  Chana masala has more Chana than spinach, improperly seasoned.  I never throw food out ever, but this mostly went in the garbage.  Business wouldn't even give me any consideration.  Again, if you can't come up with a name for your restaurant you might not know how to run one, I should have knownWorst Indian I have ever had my whole life.
Being Indian and someone who's not picky, I couldnt wait to yelp. Food was subpar and the service was horrible. I wanted the food to be extra spicy, it ended up being pretty mild and when the owner came to me asked if the food was spicy I flat out said no and he couldn't seem to care. Will never go again even if I am starved.