This was once one of my favorite restaurants to eat from, no longer is it. I ordered food from here, it took a hour and 45 mins for me to receive the food. Upon receiving the food it was something that I had no idea. I always order the chicken tikka masala. Confused by the menu I order "chicken tikka" , this was disappointment as it was my birthday dinner. I called the following day as nobody was in to help me correct my order. I got the run around for 6 hours, as I kept being told the manager was not in. He didn't even think to get on the phone, I tasted the order to see if I could just eat it instead i was disappointment by the order, I told them I did not want a refund but a simple exchange as I had not touched my entire order. Instead they hung up on me an said we are not helping ! Very disappointed, and unprofessional.Went there for the second time this weekend.  Two of the specials appealed to my fella and me, so we chose the veggie tikka masala as our app and a mixed tandoori dish that was also a special... lovely, with chicken, shish kabab and veggies including brussels sprouts....  divine!' For curiosity's sake, we also ordered the beef Korma, figuring that beef at an Indian restaurant just isn;'t that common, so we should take advantage.
Our server was really nice, though I suspect she doesn't actually eat there... the first time we were there the server was had intimate knowledge of the cuisine, so he was great about advising the novices...alas, he is there no longer.
The ambiance was nice, though the tables a little small...we asked for a four top instead of a two top and were immediately accommodated.
I don't know exactly why, but this place  has a je non sais qua that sends me back there when I am craving Indian, in a way that Tiffin does not, even though it means a trip downtown.  I just like it here.
A nice date place.We have ordered from Lovash for years. The owner used to greet us in my husband's native bengali when we would come in or caller ID noted it was us. Recently we have been disappointed. At first we noticed the owner wasn't answering & the food had slipped a bit. Hoping it was temporary, we tried several more times. Last week's delivery was $5 more for one less dish and so tasteless that we only ate a few bites and tossed the rest. Sorry to have lost the original!I ordered some delivery one lazy Sunday after buying a groupon.  You can't use the groupon for Deliverey, but I love Indian so much I figured I'd have another opportunity.  I ordered chicken tikka masala, garlic naan. 
I have been on a quest to find the best Indian food in Philly, and this was just not it. The food was fine, a solid 3 stars. The delivery was EXTREMELY slow, but they did call to let me know it was going to be awhile because of the inclement weather (big rain storm), so while hungry, i wasn't that annoyed and i was clearly not leaving my house. 
In this small area, I would probably pick Minar Palace over Lavash, but it wasn't a bad choice, and I will eat there again. 
Ooh, also you card online and if you spend over $25 you get $5 off.Food is excellent, but consistently poor delivery service... culminating in tonight's debacle. 1.5 hours is not acceptable for delivery, and if there's a problem somewhere along the way (driver issues, food prep issue...) you have our number! Give a call! The last time we ordered delivery I called after 45 minutes and the driver said he was lost. Tonight we're going on over 1.5 hours and all we're getting is "the food left here a while ago".
Love their food but won't be ordering from here again. Don't offer delivery if you can't get it within 2 miles in a reasonable time.Nice ambience and decor. Friendly staff and decent service. Average food.  North Indian food better tasting than South Indian selection.BUG in the food!!
I read few good reviews about this place and wanted to try...so I ordered chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo for deliver. I got them within short span if time.Both dishes looked great...but when we started serving the dishes to our guest we found a BUG in the Chicken Tikka masala!!!!. My god..I couldn't believe it!! We threw both the dishes in thrash and took our guests out for pizza. Lovash is a very big let down!!! Becareful if you go there!!!!!!!!!!  There are lot of other better indian restaurants in city other than Lovash.3.5 Stars for Lovash.
Went because I had a Groupon; and am trying a bunch of Indian restaurants lately.  Sadly; this one is cannot compare to others I have visited.
The staff was very friendly; although I sensed I made our waiter nervous for some reason...  We were seating at a table for two that I thought was a tad bit too close for comfort to the two surrounding tables.
It was BYOB, nice touch.
We had veggie pakoras to try a new appetizer; and they were good; I don't know what to compare but the veggies seemed a bit raw on the inside.  But a raw veggie won't kill you!
I ordered Chicken Korma; my favorite dish; and really was so very unimpressed with it.  It wasn't terrible; but it was nothing like the melt me into a puddle of happiness dish that I get at other locations.
The peshwari (sweet) naan was excellent.
My friend ordered Shrimp Tikka; and felt it was adequate; she wanted to order the fish but felt scared to order an unspecified 'fish'.
I probably won't return here; not having had superior food elsewhere less than 7 blocks away.Awesome Indian food with a great setting and super pleasant staff! My girlfriend needed a vegetarian option and doesn't know too much about Indian food, the manager/owner (wish I got his name!) talked her through some options and she ended up loving her meal. The Naan was amazing as well. We're gonna be regulars from here on out!Good food, nice atmosphere, pleasant staff.  My friend and I really enjoyed eating here and we will be back again!I love this place! I had such a great experience! I love Indian food and have had it from all over the country.  This place gets 5 stars because of service, taste and overall experience.  Our server, Manzur was seriously the friendliest server I'd ever encountered at a restaurant.  Talk about attentive, but not overbearing! The one thing I liked about the food was the fact that I asked for medium spice and it wasn't crazy spicy! Typically I'll ask for medium spice and it'll be wayyyy too hot for me. I don't like spicy foods, and can tolerate a good bit of heat.  However, like I said, in past experiences with other places, the food has been overly spicy and I couldn't enjoy it that much.  
My friend informed me that she goes to their food cart all the time and I'm definitely going to hit that up when I'm in Philly again. Thanks again! =)This is the second time dining here at this restaurant. The first time I brought my mom who is vegan and she was very pleased and she enjoyed her dinner. I came back again because the owner is very nice and he cater to his customer my friend who never had Indian food wanted to try a curry dish and the owner said if you don't like it you can order something else. The food is super delicious and the service is fabulous. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for great Indian cuisine. I will definitely visit again when I'm in center city.Went to lunch with a friend, brought our own bottle of wine, and had the $20 lunch special where you get an appetizer and two entrees. The food was great, the service was great! We had the saag and the korma - both were delicious and very flavorful. The waiter was very helpful, and had no problem with us sitting inside to delay the cold walk home for a long time after we finished eating. I will definitely be back!When I first moved to the area, I was super excited that there was an Indian restaurant within walking distance.  I absolutely love Indian food!
My bf & I went there and ordered the chicken tikka masala and chicken korma.  We were so excited when the entrees came but were immediately disappointed.  I've never had Indian food that tasted so mehh.  =( =(
After that first visit, I just didn't want to believe that an Indian restaurant could have such poor food that I have tried it 2 more times.  My initial opinions were unfortunately still true -- the food has been disappointing each time.  The only dish I found to be sorta satisfying was the eggplant dish.
Besides the food, the service is great!  They have always been extremely attentive & nice but the food is just not up to par.  If you want good Indian food, try Monsoon in Mt. Laurel, NJ!We decided to have lunch here on a Sunday during a holiday weekend.  We rarely do Indian food, so we decided to do the lunch buffett.  We had fresh Naan, chicken saag, channa, and other really yummy items.  Place was empty so the really personable host, Atul struck up conversation with us. Learned a bit about the difference between north and south Indian cuisines and talked about NYC. One of the most informative and fun lunches we've had and we'll definitely be back because of it.Man we were pretty disappointed with this place. First we ordered delivery through yelp (eat24) and apparently  they didn't use the corrected number so we waited over an hour for food that was pretty not good  and then also cold. Was willing to look over it as a mistake on both our parts until the owner demanded that we give the driver a big tip because he already come once. The tone of our meal had been set.
We ordered Lovash Vegetarian Thali, Vegetable Pakora, and Tandoori Chicken Samosas. The LVT as per the menu included Vegetable Curry, Mulligatawny soup, Rice, Naan, Palak paneer, Chana Masala, a garden salad, raita, and rice pudding. Seemed like a good deal with lots of our favorites, but everything was sad right down to the watery, flavorless tamarind and mint chutneys. The soup was the blandest of bland, the naan was undercooked and stale. the palak paneer wasn't terrible but not great either. The chana masala was full of undercooked chickpeas. The curry wasn't bad again, but not great. We didn't even get a salad to review. I was most saddened by the rice pudding and the pakora which I had my heart set on enjoying. The pudding = decent flavor, but yucky rice and the pakora was just plain old disgusting, not really vegetably, thick, kind of soggy, under done, over battered and more like latkes. The first bite I took out of the tandoori chicken samosa was dark meat that was fatty and gristly I am just anti chicken being anything other than white meat (boneless, skinless, breast specifically). Honestly the whole lot tasted like the last remnants of the day that they were about to trash but decided to use to fill our order. Granted we did order at the end of the evening, but still not acceptable. With some many other great restaurants of this variety around. We don't feel need to continue to get mediocre and outright gross food from this place.We choose this restaurant by judging reviews but totally disappointed.
Food quality is not good enough to sutisfy indians.It's a shame to rate this place 2 stars, but frankly for me the FOOD is the most important thing in a restaurant. Atmosphere and service  is important and the overall value of a restaurant too. 
I was the last of a party of 8 to get to the table, so I asked the waiter to suggest a good dish for me. He suggested a traditional lamb curry, which sounded fine to me.
To get straight to the point, the curry was so salty that I had to send it back to actually be able to eat it.  The waiter was really helpful and didn't seem pissed about the fact that I sent it back, which was nice. It came back a completely different texture and flavor, like they just added some other sauce in there to cut the salt. Additionally, it cost $16, and the portion was the size of a small bowl.  The rice it was served with was weird and the veggies it was served with were sort of gross (were they supposed to be pickled? or just soaked in water that smelled like refrigerator?)
The other people in my party were complaining of the blandness or oversaltedness of their dishes as well. 
Maybe they were having an off night.
BUT, even if you have an off night, an Indian place can't screw up NAAN...
Lovash screws up naan big time. It once again, had a weird salty taste and a really doughy texture.  
In addition to the mediocrity of the naan itself, the waiter offered to bring out baskets of different naans for the whole table... looking at the bill at the end our naan alone cost MORE THAN $10. Completely ridiculous.
Anyways, this sounds like an angry rant, but I'm just trying to warn future customers!
Don't think I'll ever be coming back here.I stopped by here with a large group of people on a saturday night and we were able to be seated right away at the circular table in the back. It's fantastic setup for a big group and the wait staff and manager were very friendly. We ordered an assortment of appetizers, entrees, deserts, and drinks. The food was of varying quality from good to great. I thought the lassis and deserts were excellent. The mushroom vindaloo was alright, not great, but I had to try it because I've never seen something like that on a menu before. They also have dosas, which I don't see often. They were pretty tasty, but I really don't have much reference for which to compare them to. All in all, a fun place, nice staff, and good food. Go there"Top-north service"
The restaurant is well-decorated with an flowery altar for Hindu Gods. I visited the restaurant at 3 pm on Sunday (less crowded!) so I got to talk to the waiter/manager(?) there. He was very friendly and professional.
They gave me some 'taco' and two (one spicy, one sweet) sauces to try out. Tasty!
I ordered a sweet lasi (yogurt with spices!), the Mohan's Lamb (cooked with coconut sauce) served with rice and spinach nann. They were all delicious!!!
I added some photos for you guys.
I will be back to Lovash, hand-down best Indian restaurant on South Street.Update: Rarely use yelp to review, only to view ratings and read other review. I logged in back today and see this rude comment the owner. Sorry I dont think any competitor have to fake bad reviews to take you down if you continue to treat customers like this. 7 years in Philly and this is still my worst restaurant/ groupon experience!My friend and I were searching for a fairly cheap Indian place to eat around Philly. Lo and behold on South St. we see a giant sign saying "Indian Food." I'm a big fan of Indian cuisine, especially the paneer dishes and the spicy heat that I usually experience when I eat Indian. As a Indian food fan, I found Lovash to be decent. They have most of the traditional dishes, including paneer. I'm a vegetarian, and any vegetarian will find a good array of dishes to choose from. The food, however, lacked the spiciness I usually find with Indian food. This wasn't to say the food was "bad" tasting, per se. I found the dishes to be strangely sweet, as opposed to the traditional heavy spice and heat I see from Indian. The pricing was at about $9-$15 for a dish. What stood out for me was the naan, which was hot, fresh, and fantastic. So, although not my favorite, Lovash will do for someone in the South St. area looking for some Indian food.This place is a gem! Food was amazing and the service was even better. Atul greeted us and was extremely helpful from the moment we walked in. Having a double stroller and 2 babies in diapers is no easy task but he was very accommodating. He helped so much. He actually went and made fries for our daughter while we waited. Great guy and great conversation. Highly recommended and look forward to returningStumbled in on the happy hour! Great rates for the samosa and mixed drinks. I snagged a mango Malabar! Its like spiked mango lassi and totally made my day on a sunny hot evening! Atul and Moses are very hospitable and very entertaining as well. The chutneys were yum, the samosa was crisp. I was just craving good Indian food and this was the closest to Penn's Landing. The Happy Hour is totally worth the money! Got done in less than 10 bucks :) Happy pocket, and yummy tummy ;)Really not very good at all. We've been here a few times and every time, it's disappointing. Food is just salty and not flavorful. They can't seem to figure out the logistics of running a restaurant. Just bad all around. 
It's edible, hence 2 stars and not 1. But it ain't good.We love Lovash. The staff is extremely friendly, the food is delicious and you cannot beat their two for twenty deal. We wish that they included a spice scale because sometimes there isn't enough heat in the dishes.They serve good, fresh food. The restaurant is a bit small. I thought it took a bit longer than average to bring food. However, maybe that is the price you pay for fresh food. Definitely worth trying once.Looking for super yummy, BYOB, Indian cuisine at reasonable prices? Then Lovash, right on South Street, is your best bet!
 Starters:
-Meat Samosa (too "meaty" for my taste, definitely go for the more flavorful Vegetable Samosas)
-Lovash Naan (best Naan I've ever had, made with cheese, mushrooms, and herbs/spices)
-Musulini Naan (loved it. instead of mushrooms, this had garlic)
Main Meals:
-Lamb Biryani (Basmati Rice)
-Vindaloo
-Tandoori Chicken
-Chicken Tikka
-Lamb Kebab
All of which were supper flavorful and generously portioned. No complaints whatsoever. Some of the best Indian food I've had in the Philadelphia Area.Having never dined in an Indian restaurant I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I was convinced to go here for dinner tonight - but I was NOT disappointed. We had the mixed appetizers for starters and every part of that was delicious, especially the lamb kebob. I had the Surf & Turf Masala on special and it was amazing. All of the flavors blended so well it was magic in my mouth. The lamb was very tender, the basmati cooked to perfection, the shrimp exploded with flavor. At $16.99 the price was beyond fair for the large amount of food ( I could have easily split it with my date and still be stuffed - instead I have a doggie bag of leftover tandoori chicken, naan, and vegetables. )
The atmosphere was bright and clean, classy but casual. The entire wait staff was very polite and helpful, beyond friendly. I cannot wait to visit again!My earlier review was filtrd so I'm rewriting my revm.
Ba'uG( small c0ckr0ach) in the food!! 
I read few good reviews about this place and wanted to try...so I ordered chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo for deliver. I got them within short span if time.Both dishes looked great...but when we started serving the dishes to our guest we found a c0ckr0ach in the Chicken Tikka masala!!!!. MyDG..I couldn't believe it!! We threw both the dishes in thrash and took our guests out for pizza. Lovash is a very big let down!!! Bec@reful if you go there!!!!!!!!!!  There are lot of other better indian restaurants in city other than Lovash.Great, authentic Indian flavors. The tikka masala and vindaloo had amazing flavors that I would recommend to anyone!  We will definitely be going back soon!Every time we are in Philadelphia we stop by Lovash for a really delicious meal at a great price.  The best deal is their "2 for $20" which gives you a complete meal for two people for $20 (ask for the special menu if you don't get it when you are seated).My boyfriend loves Indian food and he bought a Groupon to Lovash for us to try.  Needless to say we will be back - and very soon.  We decided to go with the vegetarian prix fix because a.)  the price was exceptionally reasonable, and b.)  it had a really great variety of items to try.  The highlight of the night was the Tandori Tofu.  WOW.  It came out on a skillet much like you would get if you ordered fajitas.  I've never seen it presented like that but it was awesome.  We also ordered the soup, which I can't remember the name of right now but it totally blew us away.  It was some type of pea or lentil puree with a hint of lemograss, rice and vegetables.  The garlic naan was impressive - and even that, as simple as naan can be, was very, very good.  
Our server, Diana was extremely nice and worth noting here in the review as well. She provided great service and made the experience even better.  
Oh - and the place is BYOB, too.  We brought some beers and just had a really great date night.  Please make a point to stop at this place if you're out and about on South Street.  I know all of the pizza and steak shops are tempting but do something different for a change and try this place out.Tried it with a groupon this evening.  We paid about $9 for Aloo-Gobi (cauliflower dish) and $15 for Tika Masala plus $2 for Naan.  The proprietor was being relatively rude to customers on a consistent basis and stated it was because he had a lot of business due to the groupon expiring soon.  I'm not sure if this also caused the quality of the food to drop.  The food was not horrible, but it was by far the blandest Indian food I've had in recent memory.  Considering this, the price vs. the serving size (small) and the service I cannot give Lovash a stellar review.  The best places for Indian still seem to be West Philly (like New Delhi, maybe Kabobeesh?), Center City (Palace at the Ben, Mumbai?) and, even more so, the newer (at least to my own knowledge) places up by No. Libs/Fishtown (Ekta, Sahara and Tiffin).  Unfortunately there are not many Indian places South-ish in the city so I may give Lovash another try if I happen to be craving Indian in the area.This is a decent Indian restaurant.  One of my mother's favorites - therefore, we always eat there when I am in Philly.  The Naan is fantastic and fresh.  The curry and tandoori chicken are also pretty good.  For the price - it is a pretty good deal.Since my very first time dining at Lovash, which was also my first time having Indian food, I have loved this place. The manager is fabulous and always swings by your table to check in. The atmosphere and decor are lovely, but its cozy feeling almost borders on cramped. 
My first time, for an appetizer, I had meat samosa with mint and tamarind sauces.  The mint sauce was very spicy, but had a wonderful fresh flavor.  The tamarind sauce was absolutely phenomenal.  Sweet and earthy.  I couldn't get enough!
I ordered chicken tikka and naan, which came out with my main course.  The chicken tikka was wonderful.  It was served, still sizzling, on a wood and metal platter.   The paneer naan had a bit too much cilantro for my taste, the plain naan was absolutely delicious.  Hot and tender.  Since then, I've tried a ton of dishes, including the maharaja kofta, tandoori chicken, chicken vindaloo, and chicken korma, which is INCREDIBLE. Highly recommended!
Overall, I really appreciate that the food here is not unbearably spicy.  I'm a total pansy when it comes to that, so I was happy to be able to enjoy the flavors of my meal without regretting every burning mouthful.  However, you can ask them to up the ante for you.
Their delivery service is a little slow, but you absolutely cannot beat the quality of this food, delivered to your very doorstep. It's FAR better than others, such as San Samosa.Very very delicious. We tried some tandoori lamb, butter chicken and tikka paneer. mmm. Everything was cooked perfectly and it comes with alot. There's a buffet, but we didn't get to try it. It's byo so come bottle in hand. The place doesn't seem the cleanest or well run, but the food is great, so don't mind the appearanceThis is normally my go-to for Indian - but I have to admit it's not consistent enough for me to stick with it for good.  Every few times, I try to branch out and find a better spot. I keep coming back so that says something.
My favorites are the Shami kebab, lamb/chicken vindaloo, and vegetable curry.  When it's good, it's really good.  There are times, though, when everything is just a little off - the naan is undercooked, the Shami kebab is grainy and falls apart, and the chicken is fatty, the lamb is overcooked and tough.  It's either on the money or all of it is slightly off.
I've done the buffet too - nothing special.I know the guy who prepares food and He is the cook and sometimes server (Atul) he always says that the boss always asking Attul to suck his D#%* or he won't get paid (hate to know what goes on in that kitchen ) And how dirty Atul is and he has him in the kitchen cooking ? That's so unsanitary yukkkkk I would never eat there I lived with him I know how he doesn't take showers or  wash his hands or clean I hate to know what kind of bacteria has to be in the food ! I'm coming down there and talking to his boss later stay away !!! Very dirty person cooking hate to get sickThis is probably the best Indian food experience I've had in my life :) The atmosphere was beautiful, and the food was delicious. I was wary about ordering the crab appetizer from an Indian place (I'm a Marylander so I know a good crab dish), and was mind blown. It was an affordable meal. The food took quite awhile to come out, but it was definitely worth every minute. I'll be back.Lovash is a lovely little BYO toward the end of South Street. 
Their food is delicious, and consistently so, and we go here pretty often- or order delivery from them. 
Their prices border on the high end, but not "Palace at the Ben" high. The food is great and the staff are super attentive and friendly, always willing to toss out a suggestion if you aren't sure what to get. 
I'll definitely be back, or ordering online again- of that much I am sure.Fellow Yelper Elizabeth B. and I ordered takeout from Lovash the other night. I got my usual palak paneer and asked for it to be mild - I don't like super spicy stuff so I just didn't want it to be overwhelming. In trying to accommodate me it seemed like they left out all of the spices and seasonings altogether. It was still good, but it could have used more flavor. 
Other reviews said they're stingy about rice, but the owners must read the reviews because we each received two containers. They were about the size of a round cream cheese container -- it was plenty!
Our total (two veg curry entrees, and one order each of naan and veg samosa) was only $20 because we got 20 percent off for making the order online. Also, we picked it up, so we didn't have to pay for delivery.
I would recommend this place, and I'll be back, but next time I'll make sure it has a little more kick to it.Being a big fan of Indian food, I was a bit unimpressed with Lovash. The chicken was a bit over cooked, and chewy. The service was slow, and the prices were a bit high. Don't think I'll be returning.5 stars. Soooooo delicious, I think my food was better because of my customer service experience. The staff at lovash was super welcoming and very sweet. I got takeout which took about 15-20. The whole time they kept a great conversation with me and when I got my food home it was even better than expected. I had a great experience and you should go (they also have a full bar. Wooooo)I have been coming to Lavash for years. I remember when it used to be a Mexican and indian restaurant combined. Their kitchen was in the dinning area and you can see them prepare your food. I am glad they did some renovations because I would leave there smelling like a grease trap. The food has not changed though. They serve strictly indian cuisine now and it is always delicious and true to the flavors of India. Their samosas are perfect! Chicken biryani is always my favorite. You can never go wrong with chicken and rice. Parathas and naans are delicious as well. This is my go to Indian restaurant.Food was AVERAGE, the manager is pretty rude to the customers and especially towards the waitresses. Would not recommend this restaurant.Went here because it had decent reviews. The food was ok and the service was good. I ordered the chicken tikka masala. It was my least favorite indian restaurant that I have been to. I probably would not go back.A less pricey alternative to Palace at the Ben, Lovash is probably where I go most often for quality Indian food.
Part of what I like is their excellent selection of naan and bread- they compliment the main dishes remarkably well.
I always love to start with the Samosas, which are always warm and served with tasty sauces. I'm a big fan of Indian lamb dishes, and I've always liked their Saag and Rogan Josh. I would be equally willing to try any of their chef specials.
One of the benefits of ordering in is that they will give you a reusable bag, which you can use in your daily life. If you lose it, just order more delicious Lovash, and you'll be set.I dont get why so many people rate this place 4 or 5 stars. The food are tasteless, even dont smell good. I got chicken curries and chicken tikka. The curries is poorly seasoned, the worst I ever try. Chicken tikka is better but still not sth I expect in a 3 star review restaurant. Also I got a $20 coupon and my order costs $24, and I still need to pay $11 more before tip (tax included)??? The bill only lists the total cost not break down details so I dont know what I pay for. Never come back. Im sure there is better place for Indian food in the city."Meh. I"ve experienced better" is pretty accurate.  Ordered a mushroom vindaloo and it contained canned mushrooms.  Needless to say, they tasted bad and had horrendous texture. Doesn't seem like the food is very quality here, and the prices are not even that low.
The naan and yogurt were pretty good, so that's the only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1.Ok, I'll admit it.  My explorations of Indian Restaurants' menus have been less than adventurous.  In fact, my travels have left me with nothing more than a keen taste for the two items that I order, literaly... every.single.time: 
(1) Chicken Tikka Masala, and (2) Vegetable Samosas
So, naturally, that's what my date and I ordered at Lovash.  
WELL.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was GREAT.  And I know my Chicken Tikka Masala.  It was fresh, just the right amount of spicy, and all around delicious.  The Vegetable Samosas were pretty good too -- very large.
Overall, quality, and reasonably priced Indian food.  I'll be back!It was a rainy Friday afternoon and we came in with a party of four very hungry and hungover people. We were greeted warmly and the proprietor helped us choose our lunches based on how we were feeling, what we felt like eating, dietary preferences (I'm Vegan) and how spicy we wanted all of our dishes. Our lunch was inexpensive, delicious and catered specifically to our wants and needs with a lot of care and warmth. I implore anyone who loves Indian food to support this business. It impressed our NYC jaded selves! We will be back.Went there with some friends. Got a mix of both North and South Indian dishes. Seldom can you find an Indian restaurant serving both. Shrimp Tandoori was pretty good.So me and the girl were in the mood for some Indian and wanted to go to a BYOB. This was the closest place to us so we figured why not give it a shot, we've walked by a few times. The atmosphere was nice and it seemed well laid out for the limited space they had. Our server was awesome, I forgot to ask for her name as I had a little too much beer. The only downside was that the portions of rice could have been a little bigger but we asked for more rice and I'm fairly certain we were not charged for it. All in all great service and great food. Never did we once have to look for our server or ask for any refills on water, she was already on it. BTW when they ask you how spicy, don't order anything above 5 unless you can actually handle it. The girl got 7 and I got 5  and we could tell a distinct difference between the spiciness of the two; 5 is perfect.I ordered the Dhania Lamb and Chana Masala! The Dhania Lamb is outstanding, though medium spicy might be too much for some people, it's definitely worth a try!
The Chana Masala is also pretty good! The Mango Lassi is sooo good, much better than any other Mango Lassi I've had in Philly!Indian food right on south Street. I've been here a few times. If you want a casual, mid range prices, and are in the mood for Indian then lovash will be satisfying. Twice I have ordered the chicken vindaloo. You can choose your spice level. It comes with a spring salad and rice.I like the quiet atmosphere and location of this restaurant.The servers are attentive, but they lack an understanding of Indian food and were unable to answer some specific ingredient questions.  The food is good, but not the best I have had.  We will return because the price, location and service was good.Most times Lovash cooks up the best meal you've ever had- cooked to perfection with all the right spices and seasonings, but once in a while (and this is very few and far between) its overly greasy and too bland.  But, everyone has their off days, so i'm only taking off one star.  I will keep coming back for their amazing samosas, the always perfect nan, and their chicken tikka ( which is pretty much the cats meow.)I ordered the crab pastries...which were awesome and thats the only reason why this place gets 2 stars.. I or dered lamb kebob and chicken soup....the chicken soup has sone type of chicken intestines inside and the lamb kebab cane with vegetable that were completely black and burned to the point the type I was eating was unrecognizable and the lam tasted like burned beef.  I will never go back and I do not reccomend it.Food is absolutely delicious, hot and savory. Staff is super friendly, accommodating, and attentive. Great for my fellow vegans looking for a hot, quick, affordable meal on South St. Be sure to try the samosas!!I went here for brunch after the line for a cheesesteak was a block and a half long. We split a lamb/naan sandwich and samosas for only 13 bucks! the food was good. My friend is Indian, and so knows her stuff when it comes to Indian food. She was a fan too. 
Samosas yummy yummy. The lamb sandwich we ordered because we'd never seem anything like it. It could have been spicier but the flavoring was good, the lamb was tender and the owner was nice enough to tell us that we would have more than enough if we split it. 
I wish I could come back here for dinner, and I sure will the next time I'm in town.What is it with this neighborhood and ethnic food that's different from everywhere else in the world? The palak paneer is awfully GREEN, like they didn't boil it quite long enough or something. And the tikka masala is awfully CREAMY, like too creamy. I dunno. Anyways every time they drop off a menu with a coupon I order some and they drop it off after and hour and the world is well.The food was good, but a bit pricey for what we got. The service was friendly and it was relaxing to stop by on a weekday night after exploring Queen Village.Stepped in on a whim for lunch. 
Lunch prices super reasonable and you get too much food... had to take some home. (chicken tikka masala, rice, chickpeas, naan all for like $8 or something at lunchtime - crazy cheap).
When I ordered the tikka masala and asked for spicy, I was asked "how spicy, on a scale of 1 to 10." I was impressed and I said a 7 or 8. The food came out with a perfect amount of spice. Very good. 
Also had the mango lassi, which was delicious.
Very nice wait staff, too.After eating too many times at Tiffin and New Dehli, we tried out this place.  We had the chicken tikka and paneer.  They were both great although I would like to have more rice.  It's BYOB which is super nice, we brought a six pack and the waiter  was very accommodating.  I would definitely go again as it is in a convenient location and the food is fresh tasting and hot.  They have some unique options and I saw a range of people there from couples, to friends to a family of 8.Came here for lunch on a rainy Sunday with my boyfriend to use the Groupon I had purchased.  This was our first time trying Indian cuisine so we didn't know exactly what to expect.  
We started off with the mixed appetizer which included; two shami kebab (lamb patty), one vegetable samosa, two vegetable pakora and two chicken tikka served with mint and tamarind sauce.  All were very flavorful except for the lamb patties.  They were more on the greasy side and fried a little too hard, also lacked any lamb flavor.  The mint and tamarind sauce was to die for!  If they sold it, I would've taken a pint home with me. 
For entrees he ordered the curry with lamb and I ordered the rogan josh with chicken.  The waiter helped us with the level of spiciness we wanted and said if it wasn't spicy enough he'd bring out a side of their spicy sauce, which we ended up taking.   Both entrees had batsmati rice, chana masala (chickpeas in curry sauce) and naan.  My rogan Josh was very good.  The chicken was tender and it had a good blend of herbs and spices along with the onions, tomatoes, garlic and ginger.  The chana masala was also very tasty.  I personally enjoy my rice a little more sticky so the batsmati rice was alright but the naan was perfect to soak up all that sauce.  My boyfriends' curry was good but I definitely prefer my rogan Josh over his.  Also ordered a mango lasi and it was divine!  Great mango flavor with the creamy yogurt base and dash of cardamon on top. 
Overall food and service was great!  Our waiter took the time out to explain things to us and it was much appreciated. Definitely will be coming back, especially since he gave us a 25% off coupon for our next visit.I wish I could give them a 1.5 star review, because they are definitely on the low side of 2 stars. This was by far the blandest Indian food I've ever had...and for Indian food that has to be the ultimate sin. I had chicken tikka masala and my boyfriend had lamb vindaloo, both were poor examples of the dishes. The mango lassi was good though. A real nice bonus was the re-useable tote bag they gave us to carry our food in.We were in Philadelphia for memorial day weekend and during our toursity activities found a really cute indian restaurant. The service was very good and servers very thoughtful. Dhaniya chicken is just delicious. Their Tandoori Chicken reminded is of India. Excellent lunch, will definitely come back to enjoy the food on the next trip to Philly!I tried Lovash a couple of weeks ago as a groupon deal pointed me their way .. This was my first Indian experience, and I have to say it was delicious. We started with chicken samosas for an app, delicious with the sweet/sour sauce and the mint sauce. I ended up getting the Rogan Josh curry w/chicken and it was delicious.I can't really describe much more because I don't even know half of what I was eating, but it was incredible adn the service was very good as well.Food tastes ok but ridiculously small portion sizes! I got their mixed appetizers and an order of the chettinad lamb as a takeout. Started off with the appetizers, they all tasted ok. Then came to the entree and I was really disappointed with the size of the portion. The box was like half filled. I eat out in Indian restaurants a lot and every other Indian restaurant offers twice the portion size at this price. Never going there again, just not worth it.The staff was extremely friendly and the food was delicious. I had been here many years ago and when we doing ourselves in the neighborhood I'm glad we chose it! The garlic naan was incredible and had a nice spicy kick.This Indian restaurant is in a steepening decline along with most of South Street east of 9th. The quality and service are no longer as good as several years ago. Requests to make dishes less spicy are seemingly disregarded. The chicken tikka masala is underwhelming. On the positive side, the garlic naan is quite good.Vegetable Samosas were wonderful especially if you like ginger.  My friend and I split the lamb sandwich... it was alright.. it needed more spiciness. The raita that came with needed more garlic....
But the owner was very straightforward and honest and made this a very wonderful and inexpensive dining experience.  He told us if we were both going to get a sandwich, to just split it because they're huge and we wouldn't finish it... it ended up being a perfect amount of food.  
Overall, I would go back... I would get those vegetable samosas, but I would not get the lamb sandwich again.Great service and excellent food. I'm walking away very satisfied. Food baby for sure. Amazing and delicious visit.I've always had lovely food and lovely service, here. It's my treat to myself when I'm in the area. The owner is such a wonderful person-- warm and gracious and friendly and more than willing to talk food. Or anything else! 
The lamb korma is my go-to. So rich and filling and sumptuous. I adore it!Lovash is an excellent little gem on South St. It's kind of a hole in the wall place that's easy to pass by, but you'll be thankful if you check it out.
They have a big menu, so you can visit several times without running out of dishes to experiment with. I especially liked the dfferent types of naan as an appetizer. The service was good: they didn't hover and didn't disappear. I'd definitely recommend to folks who want something other than the burgers/fries/nachos routine you get from other places in South St.Lovash is my "go to" Indian restaurant in Philly.  We get takeout from here all the time.  The classic Indian dishes are all prepared perfectly at Lovash, and the staff is always friendly and eager to please.  My favorite is the Daal special, and and Shahi Paneer is excellent too.  Check it out you won't be disappointed!Just FYI - if you buy the $20 for $30 on Yelp, it is not good for delivery, dine-in only. Yelp refunded our coupon, though, which I appreciated. The food was just ok. The veggie samosas and rice were pretty good. I loved the cilantro chutney! My chicken had a lot of funky pieces in it, gristle and fat... and the Korma sauce was just different. Definitely not bad, but not what I am used to with Korma. My boyfriend liked his Tofu Saag, but wasn't wildly impressed. We used our own naan, so I can't comment on that. We will probably order from somewhere else the next time we get Indian. I am new to the neighborhood and was just trying to find somewhere to deliver.I got the Rogan Josh, and it was the best Indian food I have ever had! Most places use way too much oil, which I did not have a problem with here. The wait staff and all the other workers were so helpful and told you what everything was and explained things to you if you were a little unfamiliar with Indian food, and not even in an annoying way! They made it seem as if every customer was so greatly appreciated for giving them business, and it made me feel important :) Also, after our meal they gave us a coupon for 20% off our next dine-in, which although we already planned to come back again, this is definitely more assurance that we will be back.Wandered in here after the restaurant we were planning on going to was closed.
Menu
Chicken Tikka-for the first time  Indian food trier the bf.  He really liked it.  Great spice, cooked well, lots of veggies although could use a few more pieces of chicken
Lamb Vindaloo- great spice, very tender lamb
White Rice- could be a smidge bigger, little too small to eat whole curry
Naan- yum, big pieces enough for two people to share, crispy and soft, can't wait to try the rest of them
Service was fine and the restarant was not very crowded for 7pm on a Friday so nice atmosphere.
BYOB :)
Definitely would come back