I'm always glad when a new place opens up in the neighborhood. I've only been here once and it was post-9pm on a Saturday night. A solidly good experience.
The service was great and attentive. Beers were always refilled immediately, and the server was helpful in our selections. My food was just okay- I had the "sausage and smash" and it didn't blow me away, but the menu is so extensive that I will return to try more items- including beers. I drank whatever the Belgian special was, and it was great.
Really glad that they came to Chestnut Hill, and I look forward to their open dining when the weather is warm.Beer.
The right kind of beer.
Food.
The right kind of food.
Service.
The right kind of service.
It amazes me that I found a place like this that I love to this degree.  There are plenty of decent restaurants in the Chestnut Hill/ Mt. Airy/ Manayunk regions.... but man I love this place.
The Vienna Red Lager is my stand by at this point but there are A LOT of good beers.
The right kinds of beers.
The food is impeccable.  Somewhat surprising for a brewery.  Not that brewery's don't sometimes have delicious treats... but full menus, most of the items being a wonderland to the palate.
It is a bit pricey... but man, is it worth it.
In a world full of greasy dives that just don't deliver that old world charm of warmth and good service... this place astounds me.
Go here if you haven't been yet.
Go back if you have.It is our favorite place to get good beers. However the service can be hit or miss. Unless you seat at the bar. 
We sure do enjoy their regular and seasonal beers and burgers. I wish they have an outdoor seating area during the warm season.Great food and always good beer. I've been to multiple locations and they've never disappointed. I highly recommend their salads!Waiter Mike P. just taught us ALL about beer! He's amazing... he explained all the samples, asked us about our thoughts, made suggestions, explained the fermentation process... and he advised us on the food menu... we had lovely beers and a fantastic meal.After searching far and wide for a restaurant that was open on Memorial Day, we stumbled on Iron Hill.  We had been wanting to eat here since it opened and were excited to finally try it out.
The dining room and bar area was packed, but we quickly found a high top in the "seat yourself" area.  
The beer/drinks and food menu are both expansive.  The beers are always excellent and varied.  The food menu includes all your standards(bar apps, burgers and salads) and some very delicious sounding entrees.
We went with the Goat Cheese and Artichoke Dip for an appetizer. They didn't skimp on the pita, which is a restaurant pet peeve of ours.  For our entrees we both ordered large salads.  The Salmon salad was well put together with just enough heavy ingrediants.  The mesculan salad was light and full of delicious pistachios and dried cherries.
Altogether an excellent meal.The service was excellent! I love their menu too. I have a strict diet and it was easy to find something affordable and healthy. I got their spicy crab lettuce wraps. They were filling and satisfying but also light. The environment was nice and friendly also.Come here on the reg with friends to get in house beers and nachos. Once in a while get actual food, but the nachos are so huge we are usually full after that and two or three beers. All the waitstaff I've had here was decent, one guy was awesome but unfortunately I can't remember his name. Will continue to come here, love the Chestnut Hill area as a whole.The food was delicious, I had the pretzels as an appetizer absolutely amazing and the crab cake sandwich was delicious as well.  Our waiter Edward was absolutely phenomenal, such a great guy.  5 stars highly recommend.Excellent, excellent, excellent.  Amazing menu - it was just endless.  The prices were such that they could accomodate any sized budget.  The service was amazing.  The food was hot and delicious!   I will be coming back very soon!!Iron hill is a great restaurant. The food here is delicious and the prices aren't ridiculously expensive. It's fairly priced for how good it is. Their appetizers are what I like most about this place. The cheesesteaks spring rolls are extremely tasty and the loaded nachos are also very good. My favorite entrees would be the meatloaf and the pulled pork which are both delicious. The menu has a wide variety of food so just about anyone can eat here no matter how picky they are. I am a regular here and will be for the foreseeable future.Iron Hill just open a new place in Chestnut Hill and this review may reflect opening problems since I like most of their other location. Went to the new location with a group of 6 people. None of them were thrilled. The entre (Seafood Pie) was ordered by 3 of us and it was okay but nothing stellar. For an appetizer I had the French Onion Soup which again was just okay. The service at our table was good as our waitress was experienced, but the table right next to us waited for 30 minutes to order. When the appetizers came, only half of the table got theirs and at least one order was wrong.  They waited another 30 minutes to get their entres, and again part of the order was missing. Fortunately the people at that table had more patience than I have, because they stayed. Again this could be just opening jitters. Hope so!!!Very nice atmospheric and good service....We normally hang out here for a few drinks and tea.I want to start off saying I love love love the atmosphere of this place. The aesthetic is just so cozy and nice. But maybe I just haven't had a great experience because I've gone during a busy weekend?
Anyways, I came here my friend and I were seated outside and the server was nowhere to be found. I would have to walk inside the restaurant often to have somebody come out. This was for everything, to order, to pay, etc.
 We eventually ordered our food but there was a pretty long wait for two burgers (I think this was mostly due to the high volume of customers.) I like to think I'm not a very picky eater and I really don't want to bash the restaurant but after I ordered a burger that took so long to come out to us, and was supposed to be cooked to "medium" should not have had raw uncooked hamburger in the center of it.
I had to track down a server and let them know and they apologized and went to go put in another order. That was fine, but by the time my burger came out, she was done with her meal and I had just begin to start mine. Needless to say it did not make for a very pleasant dining experience when we were taking turns watching each other eat.
I don't mean to sound snooty but if a customer has raw meat in the center of their hamburger and the service was exceptionally slow and unattentive for that day, I feel like as a business they should've focused a little more on trying to make the customer a little more happy?
I did enjoy the sweet potato fries, but honestly that first experience kind of ruined it for me a little and I don't know if I can bring myself to go back a second time.I've been here now twice First time was brunch I remember enjoying it.I think maybe the Bloody Mary was  good that I forgot how overpriced it was.I went back for lunch.So all I can say was it was ok.The waiter was very nice and attentive.I think for lunch it was more then I would expect to pay for food that was just ok!Had soup and a salad.The salad said big -ya it was more like regular size lol Anyway I think it was just ok Can't  say it was bad but not worth 60$ for two people who had soup n salad,that was just ok and I could make at home.No alcohol was purchase either!We decided to go here for dinner. It was busy as expected at 7 pm but we got in without waiting. I ordered the red Vienna lager and it was great. I recommend it. As an appetizer we ordered the wings and they were good as well. Not too spicy and paired well with my beer. For my meal I had the burger with French fries. It was perfectly cooked and fresh. The fries were good as well. 
   For the atmosphere I would say it is nice. Very casual but you could easily get away with dressing up. Plenty of tvs and places to sit. A nice bar as well and if you are there for a drink I would highly recommend a spot at the bar.Dinner was delicious the seafood bisque was excellent and the crab cakes are to die for...great service and great atmosphereFood and beer are great! I had the chicken pot pie, delicious!! IPA was delicious and easy to drink. Parking wasnt that difficult to find for me either.Mediocre food at a mediocre chain, except this is the fourth iron hill I've been to and has the worst service. I've been a server myself and something here is super disorgsnized. After we sat, no one gave us menus for 20 minutes. Finally after someone came and took our order, another server came 2 minutes later and handed us menus again. We asked for water, and she came with 3 for the 4 of us. 
Your basic place when you want a basic hangout.Nice decor, friendly staff, but the food has been pretty rough my last two visits... the pizzas were way undercooked and the beers were flat. Just not a great experience.Can't say enough about this place as a beer lover.  They have regular beer selection that I never even get to try because the specials change so often and there are so many.  Kids meals that I really like ordering for my kids because there are so many options and ice cream is included.    Kids meals are real food not just nuggets and kraft mac and cheese.Had a lunch here with my sisters the other day and the food was incredible, it was my first time going but my sister frequents the restaurant often. Our waiter, Rick, was the worst server any of us have ever had while dining out. If you go here and get him as your waiter I would recommend asking for a new waiter or waitress. The rest of the staff was very helpful. The managers took care of us after we complained of the poor service we had received. I would recommend this restaurant overall, the food was excellent.Came here recently with friends for my birthday.  I had been to the Iron Hill in Wilmington years ago, but other than that I didn't really know what to expect. This location is in a large, airy, space and has a great ambience. It is set up cool looking with nice lighting. I ordered some type of Hawaiian drink off the cocktail menu right away which of course I can't remember the name of it, but it was absolutely delicious. They have a really good variety of items on their menu, I had a hard time deciding what to order. I ended up getting the shrimp penne, which I really enjoyed. Although, I could have done without the excess of vegetables. Everyone I was with seemed to really enjoy what they got. They let me choose a free dessert for my birthday which I thought was really nice. I got the "triple chocolate hill" which was basically a big brownie with ice cream and sauces on top of it. That was amazing. I've heard a lot of people say Iron Hill is really expensive so I was surprised with how reasonable the prices were. It is more expensive than typical pub food, however Iron Hill is much nicer than a typical pub in regards to both food and service. I will defintley be back.dined here two weeks ago. I got the vegetable Samosas and they were delicious! loved the mango sauce. The bartender she was fun and very engaging. A good time!My wife and I have a small child (she's 1), so finding a place where we can have a beer, enjoy a burger, and not feel bad about our toddler making a slight mess and annoying the staff is tough. We came to Iron Hill because it was nearby and we knew the franchise, but we really like the atmosphere for the family. That said, the food is decent pub food, the beer is usually good and fresh-tasting/refreshing, and they are really accommodating when it comes to little ones. It's a good family spot, and we plan to return.So. It's a nice place.  All I wanted since I got back from a months long trip to Eastern Europe was a good plate of nachos. Just s little flavor and spice  you know. But no no no. The nachos here are devoid of any taste whatsoever. The plastic cheese carpet overlay appears to be half yellow and half white. Despite the color variation they taste absolutely the same. There is a white whipped material of some kind that one would suspect is sour cream but tasting it does not divulge any sense of flavor of any kind. It's not butter though.
These nachos would be good for 1. An infant or 2. A 90 year old. Anybody in between shouldn't waste the calories or the time. 
The waiter claims everyone loves the nachos.Great meal last night w the family. Delicious pizzas and burgers, and the manager went out of his way to accommodate us on a Very busy night after our reservation didn't appear in his system (we had received an email confirmation).Very nice modern trendy micro brewery/pub/restaurant. Place is packed on weekend and tough to find a table during prime dinning times. 
If you are a beer lover this place is a must on your list. Great selection and had a blast trying the various great brews. Family friendly and can be rather loud, but not too bad.Went for dinner with family and it was overall pretty good. We we're seated promptly even without reservations. The decor is a big step above most breweries. The server was friendly and attentive. We had a pretzel app which was great and the burgers were well portioned and delicious. We tried a Belgian ale flight and a juicy IPA flight. The beers were just okay except for the Philly Special which was very good. Definitely would go again.Normally I am a huge fan. This particular evening I ordered some buffalo wings, clam chowder and a kids meal for my 6 year old. The wings tasted old and rubbery like the chicken was old. Not crisp and tangy like they usually are. My daughters meal with tolerable until she found a hair in her ice cream (short black hair) hers is very long and curly. 
Needless to say we paid the bill and left. I should have reported it but I was so disgusted I just wanted to get out.
Hopefully this was just an off day but I haven't been back since.the review from Shannon P was dead on I had the exact same experience. This restaurant needs a MAJOR attitude check. We are lifelong residents of Chestnut Hill and dine out every weekend, We have been to Iron Hills before and this place is horrible. Its all about poor management. Matt you need to go back to West Chester and PLEASE take the Asian guy who also works in management with you, oh and for that matter the woman who walks around with the dry erase board. We did call ahead seating and they said 45 minutes, got there in 40 minutes and were told 10 more minutes heres your pager, wait 1/2 hour then went up, all the while there were empty tables in the dining room and 1/2 the room remained empty through most of our meal. We had to ask for bread, my husbands iced tea refill came with the check, no one ever asked me if I wanted another glass of wine, etc etc. Then to top it off, I also left something behing like the other reviewer, went back 15 minutes later and they told me to go look on the table for my phone, well first off they must be keenly aware that the tables sit empty even on a saturday night when they have a waiting room full of diners and more annoying, my phone was in the pocket (ewww) of the assistant manager who was standing at the hostess stand when I asked if they had my phone!!! When he finally said yes he did have "A" phone (how many had been left behind in the past 15 min) he said how did they know it was mine (I am a 52 yo well-dressed woman, not some hoodlum), I immediately described it again in gory detail, ie: brand, type of cover and even that my daughters wedding picture was the screen saver, he would not give it to me until he called it to prove it was mine, ARROGANT!!!!!! The entire front staff thinks they are working at Le Bec Fin. Stay AwayA warm, inviting, lively and upbeat piece of the Iron Hill Brewery on Germantown Ave in adorable Chestnut Hill.
This is the only Iron Hill I have been to. I hadn't bothered until I moved out of Center City, because I assumed it would only be okay.
The food makes up a huge menu and is consistently of a good quality, as is the beer. I am a little in love with any and all of their Signature Egg Rolls...mostly the South Philly ones (roast pork, broccoli rabe).
The beer is priced nicely and they've definitely got something for everyone! Some of the food is a little pricey for what you're getting, but it isn't ridiculous.
Service tends to vary depending on whether you're seated in the bar (seat yourself) or in the dining room. Both have table service, neither of which are necessarily bad. There is a difference in the attentiveness of service, with the dining room seating being the better choice if that sort of thing gets to you.
This is a place I'd take my parents to if they're in town. Average clientele are not 20-somethings. Very nice atmosphere and I always enjoy myself here!I love iron hill. the food is always good and the rotating beer selection has something for (almost) everyone. the chestnut hill location usually has a better selection of beer and the brewer seems really into big hoppy beers. 
the only thing that varies as far as quality is the wait staff. I recommend sitting in the bar area, if you can find a table. the people who serve that area are usually more on the ball. not to damn all of those who serve the seated tables but it's hit or miss.Recently hosted a dinner for a family reunion here--40 hungry people. Our experience from beginning to end was fantastic! There was an experienced manager who guided us through the process, a nice private room that was arranged to meet our needs and an excellent menu with many selections for our guests to choose from. The wait staff was amazing--attentive and efficient. We also felt, based on months of research, that this was great value for the money spent. Thanks to everyone at Iron Hill for a great evening!Last night, I went to Iron Hill Brewery in Chestnut Hill to meet a friend for dinner.  Given that it was a Friday night, I made a reservation.  I'm glad I had the forethought to do this, otherwise the wait would have been an hour!  Since we had a reservation, my friend and I were seated promptly.  Our server got us drinks right away and was attentive and pleasant the whole evening.
However, that's the only positive thing I can say about the experience.  We were seated in a tiny "half-booth" (alongside a wall of giant beer vats) that is barely big enough for one person - let alone two!  The half-booth was on the path leading to the kitchen resulting in an enormous amount of traffic as servers walked back and forth to the kitchen.  An already loud restaurant was made even more so with all of the noise from the kitchen.  (A door separating the kitchen from the dining room would help with this tremendously.)
As I've said, the restaurant extremely loud!  The noise of the bar area is to be expected.  Yet, between the noise from the bar area and the noise from the kitchen, I could barely hear my friend talk even though he was sitting directly across from me!
I ordered the pan roasted chicken breasts and a cup of the mushroom soup for my dinner.  The soup was perfectly delightful until I got about halfway though my serving.  A cup of soup that had appropriately hot suddenly turned into a raging inferno!  The unexpected heat burned my throat and more than 14 hours later, my tongue is still smarting from being burned.  The pan roasted chicken breasts entree sounded and looked much better than it actually was.  The smashed potatoes, chicken and thyme pan jus were all much too salty!  Yet, the asparagus spears tasted as if they had no seasoning at all.  The dish had absolutely no balance of flavor!
Last night was the third time I'd been to Iron Hill Brewery.  My first two experiences were perfectly fine.  This last experience was not.  Given how many other places there are to eat at in Chestnut Hill, I will have to think long and hard before going back to Iron Hill Brewery.Helpful waiter; explaining the beer offerings.  Excellent salad and huhnerschnitzel.Came here for a friend's birthday last week and it was utterly delightful. They had the Oktoberfest beers available which we took full advantage of. Started off with the fried brussel sprouts that were both crispy and lemony coupled with the artichoke goat cheese dips. I finished with a big blue burger, which I had hoped for more onion ring style toppings rather than fried onions. Needless to say, our server Cassandra, was the kindest waitress that had us out of towners feel right at home.Iron Hill has been a solid addition to Chestnut Hill. Good service, nice establishment and very clean. I enjoy going there. For the food, for what it is, it can be a little expensive but it is usually good.
A few pointers from this Vegan:
-Always get the sweet potato fries which are great and not the regular fries which are run of the mill.
-The red quinoa salad is a good starter.
-The black bean burger and portobello mushroom sandwich are good options but be sure to specify that you want them vegan and what ingredients you want them to hold.The beer sample is the way to go.  Loved it and I'm not a beer drinker.  All my food came out cold.  Got my soup last.  Which was very weird.  Never had that happen.   Go for the beer and atmosphere.Went there my wife and son and the meal was uneven. Wings were good fried calamari ok could have used more seasoning. My son ordered hamburger which was good. I ordered a turkey burger  that was dry and tasteless. What was the biggest complaint was that I had to wait forever for ketchup.  I mean what kind of restaurant brings two hamburgers without ketchup. I had to ask twice and wait until my sandwich was cold. Ketchup, really.This place is great. Good service, good food, cocktails are lovely. Not outstanding but a great standby.The place is giant and packed and gives the vibes of a large chain restaurant.  That said the food is fantastic, and the beer choices amazing.I got an order of muscles. There were only 12 (yes i counted) in an over reduced sauce. Not evn enough to make an appetizer out of! Very disappointed.This is a pretty new and nice Iron Hill location to hang out at. As you probably know, IH is a small local chain, and they have locations around the city and in DE. The Chestnut Hill location is relatively new and is cavernous, with tons of seating available. 
The beer here is decent. I regret to say that I have evolved (devolved?) into a nigh-intolerable beer snob, so I can't say that the beers here are my favorite, but they are not bad by any measure. They usually have a nice range on tap, of both seasonals and standard brews for you to choose from. I wouldn't come here looking for the beer, but you won't be disappointed either if you do. 
In terms of food, I recommend the sweet potato fries, which are delicious and come with three awesome dipping sauces. These are probably my fav thing on the menu. I also like the pizza/flatbreads here. The plain and the one with the Kennett Square mushrooms are both good. I came here for the St. Patrick's Day brunch too, and wasn't crazy about their brunch. Would pass on brunch here. 
All in all, IH is a good pick for drinks and snacks.A friend and I ordered over the phone of Iron Hill for pickup so maybe it would've been better if we'd eaten it then and there but it just wasn't good. I ordered the bacon wrapped scallops and shrimp tempura and my friend got the fish tacos and I think voodoo shrimp. We went our separate ways and ate the food in our own homes but are having the same problem. I feel the oil that was used to make our food was old or something because it was the only thing either of us tasted. It was awful and now we both have stomach aches. I heard great things about this place, even from coworkers who had eaten there only a week before. So maybe it was an off night but I wouldn't go again.Suburban "chain" feel to the place.  Food was fine but nothing special.  Do yourself a favor and head to Earth Brewery down in Mount Airy.I had lunch last thursday and take out beer.
I ordered cheesesteak egg rolls. It was ok. I really liked the beer I had. Definitely I'll back for the beer.I have visited this restaurant once and ordered take-out more times than I can even count. We have tried just about everything on the menu and have not been impressed by anything. The crab cake sandwich, grilled chicken caesar salad and the voo-doo chicken pizza are the only things that I would deem good enough to order twice but really, not that fabulous. I don't understand how they receive such good reviews when the food is over priced and pretty mediocre. More often than not, the take-out order is wrong or something is missing (no sauce, wrong side dish , etc.) What draws people to this place is a mystery to me. Must be the novelty of a new restaurant in the neighborhood.Well it's relatively cheap and seats were plentiful. Fortunately, they are located in Chestnut Hill where from a service perspective there really isn't much competition. We were sitting at the bar having dinner and watching SNL 40 year celebration. One of the bartenders came over and asked if he could switch the channel to a sporting event. We expressed that we were enjoying watching what we were watching to which he stated that the bar is only allowed to show sporting events. I asked him why then had the television been on this show for the past hour. He tossed the remote aside in disgust and walked away. Check out their ratings for food service on the city's website for the office of food protection. They are not known for cleanliness. I doubt this establishment would make in center city.They tried to kill me by serving me moldy bread with my artichoke & goat cheese dip. How can you not see that you're putting moldy bread on a plate? I believe it was done intentionally & a $20 comp card won't rectify this. But, hey enjoy at your own risk.Great microbrew selection, order the nachos, it gets very busy 6-8ish so try and sit in the "self seating" bar area.The mood for a veggie burger strikes me fairly often. When a restaurant makes their own veggie burger, I make it a point to try it out. I was in another veggie burger mood last night, so I ventured to Iron Hill in Chestnut Hill with a plan to try their black bean burger. I was very impressed with their take on the classic meal.
Even though I asked to hold both the jack cheese and the garlic aioli, I didn't feel like I missed out on flavor. The burger was made from black beans, sweet potatoes and assorted vegetables and it was very tasty and incredibly filling. I do wish they had a vegan aioli option, but honestly I didn't miss the sauce. I decided to pay a few extra bucks to swap out regular fries for the hand cut sweet potato fries. The fries were decadent, delicious, gigantic and crazy filling. I regretted splitting an appetizer because I was a bit too full after the meal. However, the fresh homemade guacamole was delightful. The slightly stale, boring tortilla chips it was served with weren't great. That was my one complaint about an otherwise terrific meal. I even had a sip of my husbands G Town Coffee Brown Ale, which tasted more like a porter to me and was just plain delicious.
A couple of notes on the location and ambiance. There is a parking lot behind the restaurant which is shared with the Weaver's Way crowd and is free, if you can't find a spot on the street. They open the windows on a nice night which makes it feel like you're dining outside when you're not really. The cell phone service in Chestnut Hill is generally abysmal, but Iron Hill has a free strong WiFi service which I connected to on my phone so I could check in on Yelp.Do not come here without a reservation!
Have not tried the food yet because according to the hostess, we were to be seated here about 45 minutes ago.
Update: we were finally seated, and blood sugar has finally stabilized.  Homicidal thoughts towards the hostess have subsided.  Had a deliciously juicy burger and everything was right with the world again.  Mom had a "small" salad (it was HUMONGOUS) that she loved.
Rant: I worked as a hostess in college.  For self-preservation purposes, I regularly gave customers quite conservative wait times (estimating a longer wait, rather than a shorter one ... folks are obviously ecstatic to be seated "early" when the table opens up ahead of the quoted time frame).  The hostess here did exactly the opposite: first, she told us a table would be ready in 25 minutes (so Mom and I went for a walk through the charming town); we came back after 25 minutes and were told it would be another 10 minutes.  Then another 15.  We were not ultimately seated until nearly 1.5 hours after we originally came in ... that is pathetic in itself, but the way the hostess managed the situation was the worst!  She was also an eye roller, which only aggravated my feelings of animosity towards her.  If you don't KNOW how long the wait will be (and let's be honest, it's sometimes impossible to tell!), give me a big old ridiculous number of minutes (like 100) so my expectations are managed and I am happy to be seated WHENEVER (or, if I am starving, I can go somewhere else ...).  And for heaven's sake, do not sigh and roll your eyes when I come up to check on the status ... this is the service industry, woman!  Go stuff envelopes or enter some data if you don't want to deal with [hungry] people!Good food, good beer and good service in my experience.  I avoid this place on weekends generally and you really need a reservation at peak times.  I've enjoyed everything I have had there.  Its on the pricey side, but a nice treat from time to time.  The atmosphere is nice and especially like that that have sliding windows to make it open air during the spring/fall.I too have been to a couple of the Iron Hill Breweries (Media, Phoenixville).  I understand that a new location may have some kinks to work out in the service area, but it turns out that this location did pretty well.  What lacked was the food.  We ordered the calamari appetizer which was really puny for $9.95, and bland.  The remoulade sauce barely saved it.  The value for money, however, just wasn't there.  My wife ordered a Caesar salad with shrimp and said that it was flavorless.  I tasted it and wholly agree.  There was too much cheese sprinkled on, and the dressing was otherwise bland.  I've had better out of a bottle.  Again, not a good value for the money at $14.95.  I had the turkey burger.  The portion of fries was small, and they were indistinct - they didn't hold a candle to the twice-fried awesomeness of The Wine Thief, just down Germantown Avenue.  The burger itself was bland and without flavor.  
I'm not sure exactly what misfired here, but 0/2 for entrees surprised me.  My daughter's grilled cheese was good, but c'mon, it's grilled cheese.
I hope that they take a more critical look at their food.  They're definitely doing well for service - it was a little slow, but they were packed at 2pm on a Saturday, so all in all I thought the staff was great.  But the food ... just not there.Spacious and comfortable. Attentive wait staff, lots to choose from on menu. Our party of 8 was very pleased with everything ! Great food, great prices. We're going again!!Love this place! We have tried several items on the menu and they have all been tasty! It is a little pricey for a bar but the quality of food is worth it. They also have a great beer selection and you can do a sampler to try different kinds.They offer samples of beer, and they were free with our meal...dunno if they were supposed to be, but we weren't sure which of their selections would go well with their Sunday steak special so our waiter allowed us to sample about 4 or 5 of their local selections. It's a swanky casual, or as I like to say "swasual"/mellow atmosphere. No complaints.This place is beautifully decorated with delicious food. 
My only complaint is the hot toddy I ordered, which came requiring me to mix together with oddly portioned amounts of honey, hot water and whisky shot. I'd rather the bartender have mixed it for me. The staff was otherwise very prompt and friendly with their service at the bar. My boyfriend loved their beers.I like many reviewers have been to a few other Iron Hill locations.  I know what to expect and like what they offer.  The North Wales location is our usual where my wife, son and I go for a family dinner.
The Chestnut Hill location is hughe and the place was packed.  Unfortunately the service was a big disapointment and the food was not at the usual Iron Hill level.  For the first time my wife did not finish the mesculum salad.  It was a bit salty.  I ordered a pizza - garlic, sundried tomato and spinach.  I requested red pepper for the pizza and ended up getting it myself.  By the time I started eating the pizza was a bit cold.
The beer?  Great as usual but they took forever for a refil.  One of my guests ordered a pulled pork sandwich and requested no sauce... it was served with the sauce...
The manager apologized and gave each one of us a $10 gift card for our next visit.  We are going to make sure we use them.. probably at the North Wales location.
I am sure they will get it together soon enough.Food was okay, apps very small portions ( for the price). Server was very nice, but painfully and I mean PAINFULLY slow!!!! Not busy enough for her to be that slow!I will keep this short and sweet. FYI I despise all these 4 paragraph reviews in which people feel the need to tell you what they were thinking before they went, what they where wearing, and if they're fat or not. Who cares just tell me about the restaurant before it closes!!!! 
Anywho......Iron hill is nice and chill, their beer is delicious i enjoy the beirner weissel (probably misspelled) but you'll be able to find it on the menu. It taste like beer wine. The cheesesteak eegrolls are crispy and delicious as are the sweet potato fries, but beware they are cut like steak fries and they fill an entire dinner plate.  Also note,  the steakhouse salad has absolutely positively NO STEAK in it. I ordered it on my first visit and when it came I thought I was crazy, the waiter apologized for not warning me and I ordered a side of steak.  We got complementary cake for my friends bday and overall had a great time.Good large place for the local crowd to visit. I didn't even know this place opened until 2weeks ago when I was just strolling by. It's spacious inside which is good. I made reservations because it looked crowded when I had strolled by. 
I was seated promptly. The weather was nice outside so they opened up the large front doors/gate..so this is going to be a good thing for the summer. 
The food was also delish. I had an item on the specials menu so it's not offered daily , it was a seafood dish. The drinks were okay. I can't recall what I had, but the only complaint I had about it was that my glass wasn't filled all the way up.
Not complaints about the service. Would def come back.I've gone here a few times the food is good nothing to rant and rave about but it's. Clean and tasty it's a little pricey unless you go on happy hour times not my first place to go for dinner but I would go back for happy hour they do have a great beer list and great wine listI had a beer tasting which was excellent. The waitress knew so much about the drinks and taught me a lot. The food left something to be desired, though. I ordered French onion soup and it wasn't great. The cheese wasn't the best quality. The cheesesteak egg rolls I also got were a bit dry.We didn't want to go to Iron Hill or like it, but somehow we ended up there and were pleasantly surprised. The moules- frites are delicious, though a bit on the salty side. That's all I ever get when we go. My husband has had a variety of dishes, and everything is always good. It is big, so it is a good place to go when you have a stroller or car seat. The downsides: it is a chain (albeit a local one) and it does feel like it. Secondly, it is extremely noisy. Thirdly, I always feel rushed. Every time we've been our main courses arrive when we aren't even half way through our appetizers, and last time, the server just whisked away my salad, which I had every intention of eating!! Finally, the bathrooms are always gross... So, the food is pretty solid,but it has many of the flaws of a chainAt last night's dinner--a Saturday--there were really good things and some that were not so good. It seemed pretty clear to me they're still working things out. 
First, we were meeting friends and had made a reservation and requested a table in the back. Despite them having a 90 minute wait, we were seated very promptly and exactly where we expected. Service was prompt, too, which was another plus. 
The not-so-great part had a lot to do with the food. Their house salad had large chunks of red onion and a lot of it. Since it's really a chop salad, the onion was hard to avoid, and strangely, it was bigger than everything else in the salad. My partner ordered tuna, cooked rare. When it arrived, it wasn't rare at all. It was very well done. Their response to this was great--taking care of it immediately and double-checking to be sure the second tuna was cooked properly. I give them a LOT of props for that. 
I had mussels and fries. The fries tasted good but were sort of limp. The mussels were perfectly cooked, but the sauce wasn't good at all. It was a bland cream sauce that had a bitter aftertaste. I picked out the mussels and left all the sauce behind. Our friends both had steak: one yes and one "meh." 
On our check, we were overcharged about $35. Again, the staff took care of it promptly and apologetically, but I was glad I double-checked. 
They're off to a little bit of a bumpy start, esp with the food, but their staff and service were shining, despite the fact that they had a packed house. We'll go back, because the restaurant is a tremendous asset to the area.Enjoyed fantastic food and drink last night. Our server, RALPH, was extremely knowledgeable about the beer and the entire brewing process. His energy and excitement about Iron Hill was contagious. RALPH interacted with both the adults and kids. The food was awesome and drinks great. Both will bring us back. However the real hook was RALPH. We will be back and will request that RALPH be our server. He really made my wife's Mothers Day meal memorable! Nice to see somebody take pride in their job.Had dinner there Friday night. We ate at the bar and really enjoyed it. We had the parma pizza (which was delicious), the calamari (which was crispy and tender), and my wife had a salad  (which she said was quite good). It's a really big space and is great for families or larger groups. A really nice additon to the hill!The emperor has no clothes, you guys. The food here is fine, but probably a bit overpriced for the quality. The beer was very disappointing. We should have known when one of the beers on the sampler tray was a "craft" light beer that this is more a place for upper middle class fifty-somethings to feel hip than a place for craft beer lovers. We planned to start with the sampler and then order a pint of our favorite. We didn't like any beer enough to drink a whole pint and left about half of the 4 oz samples unfinished. If you like beer, go somewhere else, if you don't like beer, why would you go here? 2 stars for tasteful decor.Called ahead to eat here after trying to walk in at an earlier date and the wait was 45 minutes. Arrived right on time and let the hostess know we were there, and they never wrote our call ahead down. Which is fine, things like that happen, but there was no apology made, no effort to help us find a seat in the bar, just a "sorry you'll have to wait another 45 minutes." Mistakes happen, but bad customer service is always uncalled for. We will never go back.My mother and I went here to try out one of our local restaurants. We liked the large glass windows that allowed us to see people enjoying the food, plus it is usually crowded which we assumed the food must be good due to this observation. Well we should have remembered to not judge anything or one by its appearance. Our experience at Iron Hill was quite displeasing primarily customer service lacked extremely. It was uninviting, no one came to greet us once we were seated and our waiter who came many minutes later was so nonchalant that it completely turned us off. Once we got our waters, we had already decided to make ourselves to the exit. We didn't touch the waters but decided to leave because we would NOT patronage a restaurant or feel obliged to tip a waiter with such standards of customer service. Quality customer service is just as or more important than the food in our perspective.Have been here a few times and the food was great each time!!! I had the best server, Cheyna. She was so aware of all we may need. So attentive!!! Can't wait to go back!!!After a few mediocre dining experiences, we're ready to nix Iron Hill for good. Perhaps revisit sometime for beer, since the selection is decent (although they sometimes taste unfinished - the flavor doesn't carry all the way through like it should). 
Prices are high and portions are small. The menu is rather extensive. IH presents itself as a local restaurant offering seasonal and creative fare, but delivers like a TGI Fridays where you know all the food just got tossed in the freezer after unloading the Sysco truck. Restaurants that offer seasonal and creative fare tend to be small - because you can deliver the product when you're small. IH doesn't deliver. A $27 filet entree should have more than a handful of baby carrots, a 6-bite portion of meat and a couple spoonfuls of mashed potatoes. The voodoo shrimp appetizer tasted fine but for the price of rice you'd think they'd offer more than a tablespoon's worth for a dish with an incredibly spicy sauce...come on. All of my food tasted particularly salty. Oh and the wings - never cooked well.  
Overall, nothing stands out about this place. After this last $90 mistake (filet entree, chicken sandwich, cup of soup, voodoo shrimp app and 4 small beers), no more dinners at Iron Hill for us.Had a negative experience here last night. Went with my sister for a girls' night out and quickly grabbed a high-top table for two (the wait for tables was 50 minutes, but not sure what the real difference was between the open seating and reserved seating). Our waitress, a young ponytailed woman, approached and asked for our drink orders. My sister, who is pregnant, has a toddler at home, and was so looking forward to a night out for herself, asked whether there were any "special drinks" they could make without alcohol. The waitress smirked and said, "Why? What's the point? I don't get why people ask that." This set the tone for our service this evening. Later during service, I accidentally bumped our waitress with my arm and quickly apologized. She responded with a total stink-eye and walked away. She's lucky I believe in tipping regardless of how shitty the service is. 
Oh, and the nachos were gross. Both of us got sick after eating them.I always like coming here. The food is good, the beer is better and the atomosphere is inviting. The service overall has been really good, very attentive staff and I never feel like I'm waiting too long for a beer, my meal, or my check. Except one time, on a Thursday late night sitting at the bar I felt the bartender was a little more laid back that I'm used to. It took him a few minutes to greet us, he was working on getting drinks for another set of guests but he didn't seem to be hurrying with that task either. Either way, we did get our drinks and our late night snacks in a timely fashion overall and we had a nice night.A great and fun addition to Chestnut Hill.  This place is loud and full of energy and good for large groups and kids.  The food is basis bar style food.Another great experience at Iron Hill Brewery. We had a great waitress, Leah, who was professional, friendly anAnd attentive. She made informed, insightful menu recommendations and despite having working a busy Friday night checked in on us regularly. I got the cheese plate for an appetizer, which was unique and delicious,  and the loaded nachos for dinner. I managed to fit in a slice of 5 layer chocolate cake which was INCREDIBLE. 
The food, service, and environment at Iron Hill is always wonderful. I heartily recommend this spot!Went for the 2nd time on March 2.  On weekend nights the place is packed and the other Chestnut Hill restaurants get overflow traffic from IH.  I've been to the North Wales location  - the food menu is the same. We were very happy with our food, the service was a little slow, the beer is very good. I recommend trying multiple sampler glasses ($1.50 for 4 ounces) as a great way to try 5 or 6 of their beersMy friends and I have been a few times and it's a good place to go for special occasions or nice night out. The atmosphere and menu look creative/impressive. They even have a gluten-free selections which is nice. The waitstaff is pleasant and attentive. The food is always well cooked and delicious. There are just 2 issues that keep me from giving them 5 stars. First is that they always make you wait to be seated even if the place is empty. Yes, they are popular and can be packed on occasion, but not always. Yet, the hosts always claim they are busy and there are no open tables. Then you get seated and there is no one else there. If this is an attempt to make the restaurant look busy, it has backfired because now we won't spontaneously go if we haven't planned/called ahead first. Second issue is a somewhat common one for a lot of restaurants these days trying to look more upscale than what they are: bait-and-switch. For example, they will describe a dish with a bunch of fancy sounding ingredients like wild exotic mushrooms, but then it comes out with just basic grocery store variety button mushrooms. The seafood section is usually the worst offender. Everyone takes a little creative license with their descriptions, but it's a major disappointment when you realize you're getting the same quality ingredients as an all-you-can-eat buffet, but paying 5x the price for it.Not that good but the beer is ok. We tried the grilled corned beef Rueben which was unremarkable and served on soggy bread. My upgrade of sweet potato fries was a bad idea. The fries were cooked in the same fryer as the fish they serve and remnants of beer batter were throughout the dish-uggghhh. We also shared a Thai chicken lettuce wrap dish. It was full of sugar and served on wilted lettuce. I asked the waitress if indeed the fries were cooked in the same fryer as the fish. She asked the kitchen and confirmed that it was so. It was not a place I would return to even though this was our second visit. The first visit was ok, not great, but ok.Excellent!! Great food and great beer.  Michael says the pimento cheese burger is the best burger he's ever had. And my Thai steak salad was fabulous. Highly recommended!!I am not one to give out a perfect score because I can always find something to complain about, however, this place is damn near perfect. 
Where to start?
Service: party of two arrived Saturday night around 8:20 pm without a reservation. We were told it was going to be a wait of 40 minutes. We were going to go to the bar area but it was crowded so we just sat by the waiting area. After about twenty minutes, a woman named Megan came over and asked our name again and said we will be seated shortly. She then asked if we wanted to try the pumpkin ale. We declined then she offered chips and guacamole on the house. We were surprised because it wasn't 40 minutes yet but we kindly accepted regardless of the reason. Our waitress Melissa (I'm almost sure this was her name. If not I apologize profusely) was attentive and friendly. She came back often to make sure we were okay.  I had told Megan that she made my friend's day by offering the chips and guacamole because it was her birthday. When we were seated, Melissa wished my friend happy birthday and offered ice cream for dessert. Clearly, communication among the staff is great.
The food:
Chips and guacamole 4/5: good texture. Fresh. Chips were okay. Guacamole needed a little salt. 
Seafood bisque soup: I didn't try this but my friend enjoyed it.
House salad 4/5: very good. Could have been a little more crisper. Probably would get the dressing on the side next time. Delicious none the less
Korean BBQ wings 4/5: I ordered the small portion and these big wings came out. I was impressed by the size of the wings. The wings were a bit more spicier than I thought they would be but still a good taste. 
Crab cakes: I didn't taste this but my friend said they were delicious. I did taste the old Bay fries that came with them 4/5. They were thick and nicely seasoned. Could have been a bit crispier for me
I ordered the local hand crafted vodka and it was very good. 
I would definitely return. We were full after the chips, salad and soup. We took majority of our food home but we can't wait to eat the leftovers tomorrow!!
Service is everything to me and this establishment should teach a lesson to other places.
When I'm back in Philly, I'll definitely be returning!Nice staff here for a conference. Thought I stop in for a treat. Orange dreamcickle is good. Putting MD in a happy place. ThanksThe service here was terrible, the food was ok but not good enough to make up for the extremely long wait and inattentive staff. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone and I won't be returning.Thankfully Yelp has the hours wrong on this new place to the neighbourhood. It's actually open from 11:30 to Midnight, not Noon. We have walked past it the last three days while wandering around Philadelphia during our visit. We decided to give it a go on our last evening here looking for some small plates as opposed to a big meal. 
It's a beautiful in house craft brewery which is very popular in our neck of the woods so we are quite familiar with the concept. Beer is not our thing so we will leave those that know way more about that to comment on the offering of suds that their offering. 
We can tell you that the pretzel sticks are great and the cheese dip was also excellent although could use a little infusion of sharp cheese to make it outstanding. The grainy mustard dip to us was a touch to heavy on the acid and could have used a bit of sweetness to cut the acidity. 
The Caesar salad was good with a generous amount of food even with the starter salad which we split. The croutons were tasty and the Parmesan cheese plentiful. I like a bit more anchovy than was evident, but others I know do not, so I am likely in the minority there. 
Where the fifth star was earned were the buffalo wings which were HUGE! The appetizer wings are $13.00 and include 10 wings or so our server told us. We got 11 and it might be because they were on the light side as far as weight goes (kidding, check out the photo). They were very tasty and there was no way the lovely K and I could finish them. Suffice it to say we have lunch already for tomorrow as we brought 6 back to our hotel room. 
The place was rocking busy, but even at that the food came out quickly and the service was very good. They haven't been open for long which typically results in glitches to either the food, or the service and we experienced neither. 
Definitely a place to check out!I have been here five times since they opened and never been disappointed.  The beer is amazing and constantly being updated.  I recommend joint their King of the Hill club as you get larger beers for the same price as a pint.  The highlight for me are the Philly Cheese egg rolls and the nachos.  Both are amazing.  Also the BRueben is excellent.  All the IPA's are great.  Also, lots of TV's for sports and you can make a reservation on Open Table.I love this place!  The service is always great, and the food is decent as well.  This was a great addition to the convention center area!  I've been to Iron Hill a number of times since they opened and the service is always great.  I recently had an issue with a charge, and the manager, Laura, handled it excellently.  I've always had good service, but one server who has stood out has been Jacob Maher.  He was very pleasant and helpful to my non-beer-drinking girlfriends.Wow!   Can I go 6 stars?   Great atmosphere, great location (ok I was staying at the Marriott!).  I sat at the bar and had the most delightful bartender - Ashley.      She recommended the Ore House IPA and it did not disappoint.  I lived in San Diego for 10 years and had access to all kinds of great IPA's.   This is not going to knock you over on the hops, but the flavor and the hops find a great balance.  Ashley's next brilliant suggestions were to go with the Nashville Hot Chicken Sliders and the Brussels sprouts to compliment my beer.   Amazing!   Both were excellent but the sliders are a MUST (imho).  A great balance of heat and savory between the fried chicken, pickles, mayo, and a great bun.     Go!  Eat, drink, be merry !Iron Hill Brewery is a brewery before it's a restaurant. So while the beer and drink menus are extensive and interesting, the food menu, not so much. (Agreeing with my fellow Yelper Kat C., the food is definitely on the mediocre side.) Maybe some good rich or fried bar snacks to go with the beer, which, again, pretty standard for a brewery.
If, on the other hand, you are sensitive to fried foods, or you are a vegetarian, you probably won't find much here that you'll be able to enjoy. So why would I, falling into both categories, ever do dinner here? Because I had a work dinner to celebrate one of my colleagues. And not just is she one of my colleagues, but she's a colleague that I happen to like very much. What we do for work and for love.
The ambiance was typical for a brewery on  Thursday night, bustling and moderately loud. Not so loud I couldn't hear the people at my table, and I even caught some of the music on the restaurant loudspeakers (random but great selection). All we ordered were drinks and appetizers (SO MANY DRINKS), so I'll do a quick run-down on the few things I was actually able to eat:
Hand-Cut Sweet Potato Fries: I should not even have had the single fry I ate. But it's hard for me to say no to sweet potato fries, especially when they're impossible to do wrong, so you can always count on them to be good.
Margherita Flatbread: Nope. Thick mozarella slices (was that REALLY fresh mozarella?) over too-sweet tomato sauce, barely any basil, and slightly soggy pita-esque bread. It's obvious I was disappointed, right?
Nachos: Another one that's hard to mess up, and IHB did not. The beans, vegetables and sour cream were all good, and plenty of yummy guacamole too.
Fried Brussels Sprouts: Another item that I should not have eaten, but probably my favorite of everything I ate. Crisp and well-seasoned, just really tasty overall. Almost worth the stomach ache I've still got after eating three pieces.
Housemade Soft Pretzel Sticks: I don't know what the fuss over these is about. With all the great reviews, this was the item I was most looking forward to. But while the cheese and mustard sauces were good, the pretzels I just wasn't into. They were kind of buttery, Amish style, which I know is popular, but I just can't get into it. And "everything spice" is for bagels, not pretzels! I feel like it's not just me either, because my table of 7 barely managed to finish the 5 sticks that came in the order.
We ordered a lot of carnivore-friendly and other fried appetizers too, but since I didn't try those, I won't mention them here. Given the space and the location, the prices are what you'd expect. But for the quality? Maybe next time I'd do happy hour here and get dinner somewhere else (at least, if I have a say in the matter).Stopped in here for lunch while we were down in the city attending the auto show. It was around 1:30 and no wait. We've been to there Iron Hill's in the suburbs and my kids love their pizza, so they were excited we were going here. They wound up disappointed as this location doesn't make pizzas. In general though, we felt like the menu was much more limited than the ones in the burbs. The food we did order was fine and service was very good throughout our meal. We didn't order any alcoholic beverages but they have plenty to choose from. If you find yourself in the area, it's not a bad place to stop in for a bite to eat. It's not going to knock your socks off, but you should expect a decent meal.My son and I absolutely love Iron Hill Brewery! We usually frequent the ones in Delaware, though. I noticed this location the last two times we visited the Convention Center (Philly Auto Show | Flower Show). I told my son we visit at a later date!
Well we visited yesterday May 5, 2019!! Just in time for Cinco de Mayo. I made a reservation while on the way to the restaurant. We arrived at 4:15 pm for a 4:30 pm reservation and was immediately seated.
It didn't take too long for our waitress to arrive to take our orders. We ordered all appetizers which made for a nice meal.
My son ordered Boneless Buffalo Wings with French Fries. I ordered: Philly Cheesesteak Egg Rolls, Hand-Cut Sweet Potato Fries and a Caesar Salad. I also ordered TWO drinks!!
When our food arrived, they forgot my son's French Fries. We had to remind our waitress. She quickly retrieved a small amount of fries (wasn't really a lot).
When we first arrived, the restaurant wasn't really packed, but the longer we were there the busier it became. 
Our waitress didn't hover, but I would have liked to see her more than we did. We spent close to two hours and $70. Will definitely return in the future.I went on opening day with my friend who was a former employee of another branch. I have been to the Iron Hill in Ardmore and knew what to expect, but this location actually seems a little more higher end to cater to the center city crowd. The ceilings are high and the interior feels classy. 
We ordered the nachos, sweet potato fries, and a chocolate brownie dessert. The nachos were well balanced and not greasy at all. The sweet potato fries were interesting- it came with both a chipotle mayo dip and a sweeter cinnamon roll type dip (which I at first thought was ranch LOL). The sweet potato fries were a little limp cause they're thickly cut, but they were still delicious. 
Their menu is impressively long and I couldn't imagine not being able to find something that pleases you. They also brew their beer IN HOUSE! You can get to-go packs and growlers if you're into it. 
Online reservations and outside seating are also available.We were really excited about this place because my boyfriend and I love to explore new breweries in the city. The hostess were so nice and accommodating but we decided to sit at the bar because it would be a shorter wait. The beer was good but we felt the service at the bar was not good. We ate dinner at the bar and when we were done we told the bartender that he could take our plate. He looked at  us and said "ok, my boy will get it" talking about the bus boy at the bar. Then he never asked anyone to pick up our plate and it sat there for a long time. Why didn't the bartender just pick up the plate himself? We will never know. Then, we asked for our check and he looked at us confused and said "ok, I'll figure it out" like he didn't know what we ordered. He of course brought us a check for the wrong order!!! It included 2 beers that we never ordered so he clearly just guessed what our order was. Overall, we thought it was overpriced and the service didn't live up to the price.Finally had the chance for my first sit down dinner at the restaurant. 
As always, I was greeted by a friendly staff. I made reservations through open table. Waited only several minutes and got seated near the kitchen.
Our waitress is knowledgeable. I was able to customize my salmon salad order by substituting  arugula with romaine.
My salmon was perfectly cooked. The salad has super crunchy potato strings that gives a nice texture to the salad. The roasted peppers elevated the flavor. However as I was finishing it I found it's greasy at the bottom of the plate. I didn't expect salad to be greasy at all. The size could have been bigger. 
My husband had some kind of roast beef sandwich in ciabatta bread. The bread was toasted so it had a nice crunch but still retains the softness on the inside 
My waitress only checked on us once for water refills. I expected more attentiveness.It was babe and I first time at this restaurant and we loved it!
We were in town for a few days and we wanted to take advantage of everything within walking distance from our hotel.  
This restaurant was maybe three minutes away (walking) from the Marriott.
We visited on a Sunday night and the crowd wasn't too much, just right!  We were seated within seconds.  
We sat in a booth near the bar area... the restaurant lighting is cozy and sexy at the same time.  Therefore, you could easily make it a date night or drop in alone or with some friends and have a great time.
While I am a fan of the restaurant, I am not going to let one bad apple or a not so good meal take away my first impression of this restaurant.
So...
Our waitress was not attentive at all.  Not sure if this was her first gig, but she clearly upset my babe... slow to bring the bar drinks... my babe stopped another waiter and asked what's up... the delay was still existing... I tried to keep cool because we were from out of town, but the service was super awful that night.
My meal, the Cajun shrimp pasta was blah.  It lacked flavor totally.  I wouldn't recommend that.
Now our appetizers... cheesesteak egg rolls and the Korean wings... were awesome!
If you're wondering how spicy the wings are... very Spicy!  I can still feel the sting in my mouth now and this was over a month ago.  They are very flavorful.
Not sure how parking works, but the ambiance and the location of the restaurant is very inviting.  I believe the restaurant opened a year ago or less and the consumers are already buzzing about this place.
If we are nearby again, I'd definitely dine here again but I will definitely steer clear of the waitress we had during this visit.
Have fun and enjoy life :)Went here for a late night meal and it was really good. The appetizers were delicious. The wings the truffle fries and the burger sliders were all tasty. The waiting staff were nice but they seemed all over the place because it was busy. Busy for the late night. Wow that's impressive. If your hungry at midnight in Philadelphia. This is the place to go.4 stars for Great beers!!!! We came here around noon on a Sunday with a party of 6, we waited about 40 minutes to get seated. Smaller parties seemed to get faster, so I'd definitely recommend reservations for a larger party. I ordered the flower power flight, nice range of flavors. For lunch I ordered the lettuce wraps, they were reeeallly spicy, a little too spicy for me and I like spice. The filling was loading with veggies and chicken so that part was great. 
I would return for the beer and to try more dishes off their menu!Great food, beer, and wine in a spacious and clean place. The prices were pretty good for the area. I highly recommend it.I don't usually give high praise to a restaurant chain, but they earned it in service alone! The wings are pretty good, the steak fries are great, if you like them big and the flat breads are also tasty. The beer selection is really good and changes very often. They'll let you sample as many as you like too! I work nearby, so I bought a membership, which gives you points and 22 ounce beer mugs, instead of 12 or 16 ounce, no matter the beer, at the same price. Highly recommend!This is a wonderful restaurant change in the area. One is conveniently located across the street from the Convention Center. I went to lunch with a group of colleagues. There is plenty of seating and there was no wait during Sunday lunch during an Eagles game. That said, there was still a crowd. The servers were welcoming, informed, and had great personalities. Most were wearing Eagles shirts, which I thought was a nice touch of local pride. They helped us make menu and drink selections. You can tell they are accustomed to tourists. The menu has a nice variety of food options. I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and sweet potato fries. The meals were affordable for the size and quality. I wouldn't mind if the chain expanded into my area.Very nice place to hang out. The outside dining was very peaceful   Only had desert and Drinks. Which was very good.Really great food, with tons of choices.  Easy to eat even as a vegetarian.  The seafood bisque is so so so good.  I'm not a beer drinker, but the bartenders are super friendly.  The only downside to this place is that it is a bit of a tourist trap and far too child friendly to be much of a bar.  No offense to children, I love them, but if I'm drinking, I don't want to be dodging strollers and crying toddlers to get to the bathroom.Nice place but I got the impression they were seating us based on our race to the back of the restaurant. We objected to where they we seating us in that location and were given a better seat. Once seated we had a very pleasant waitress and the food was very good. I had appetizer of chicken wings which were unseasoned  but cooked nicely with great side sauces,i also had a delicious salad with Chicken which was cooked perfectly I had a very nice portion. I am rating this with 3 stars because the older lady hostess should have offered us an option in an half filled place where we wanted to be seated.***3& 3/4 stars** Enjoyable lunch with friends at this new location. Nice own layout with open kitchen and modern design. There is outdoor seating available which is nice! Our server was very friendly and attentive, zero complaints. Plenty of food was ordered between the group so it was a nice sampling of the menu. Here's the breakdown:
-cheesesteak egg rolls: very tasty with a nice horseradish based dipping sauce. Wish the portion size was larger for sharing 
-bacon burger and burger with mush and Brie: both very tasty, cooked to the perfect temperature and juicy! The bun was a bit of a let down, would have been better if it were toasted. It got soggy quickly 
-Salmon with mashed potato and broccoli: The diner said it was OK, a little on the bland side and the portion size was really small for the price 
Crime brle- YUMMY! Priced properly 
Apple crisp- very good 
Cookie dough ice cream-come on its cookie dough, can it be bad? 
I also enjoyed the strawberry mojito, it packed a kick; definitely not a light pour!
Overall we really enjoyed ourselves and will certainly return! RecommendedVisited 4-19-19, 12:45pm
So many great places right around the corner, I wouldn't waste my time here.
I sat at an open bar spot, there were a few. Only thing in front of me was a beer menu with mustard all over it. The bar itself was pretty gross and dirty too. No one came to help me after waiting for a while. Finally flagged the male bartender down and asked for a beer, and then later had to ask for a menu (at lunchtime). There were a few people working behind the bar but no one came to clean the messy bar in front of me. I ordered some food and in the whole time sitting there waiting for my food, not one person removed them menus or cleaned the bar. Received my food which they just placed on top of all these menus and walked away. Didn't receive a napkin or any utensils to eat it with. Some tourists a few seats away laughed when then saw me just sitting there without anything to eat my food with while no one helped me. Eventually I flagged some barback down and told them to just pack up my food. Didn't even finish my beer, paid my tab, and left. I'm not asking for much when I leave the office for work but a clean table, mediocre service and something to eat my food with would be nice. Not recommending this place to anyone.
P.S. The beer is piss water.Love everything about this restaurant! I'm more of a filet vs. prime rib guy but a couple times a year I get a prime rib and this was the best prime rib I've ever had, loved it! Not cheap for a family of five but we all left happy, we'll be back!Pretty typical brewpub with lots of space and lots on the menu. Their beer selection is pretty large and you can ask for samples. The food menu is also quite large with all types of food. Of all the dishes we ordered I thought the hot fried chicken sandwiches were the best. The other dishes were pretty standard and nothing really blew me away. Good spot for a happy hour or group if you put your name down in advance since they do get packed pretty quickly at peak hours.On point!  Marked as a favorite.  Prompt and courteous staff.  Food was delicious from the 3 items we picked.  Will definitely return to sample the menu and enjoy a beverage.Ate here on a Saturday night and only had to wait ~20 minutes for a table for two. It was well worth the wait! I have walked past this place a number of times before actually dining here, and every time I walked by my mouth would water. Can't comment on the beer as I am under 21. I ordered the Pimento Cheeseburger and was amazed at the flavors that met my tastebuds. Average fries. We also got a barbeque chicken on flatbread that was very delicious. Overall, I would definitely recommend this location and will be returning to try something new and be amazed by it! Our waiter was also very kind as well, and was a wonderful server.Great food. Friendly service. Iron Hill in Philadelphia has been opened for 3 weeks and wasn't too crowded, which was very nice. The beer is very good. If you're a fan of IPAs I suggest their Hopicana. It's a fruity IPA, but the fruit wasn't overpowering.I came here for a team lunch and there were 8 people in our party. We all ordered soon after we sat down but our food, unfortunately, took a really long time to arrive. Even worse, my order was not entered into the system so after a long wait, I still did not have lunch in front of me. We were all pretty upset at the long wait and missing my order did not help. BUT, here comes Stephanie to the rescue. She came over to tell me about the error, apologized, removed my order from the bill and said they were preparing it right away. I was content with that response and deemed it great customer service for not only owning the issue but rectifying it by removing the charge. Stephanie did not stop there. She brought me a small side salad and homemade chips so I would not go hungry while my teammates enjoyed their lunches. That was a homerun move in my eyes. She was so proactive in making sure I was taken care of. I have never experienced customer service as this before. I am not one to leave customer reviews but Stephanie deserves this acclamation and much more. She is a new manager at the location and because of her kindness and generosity, I and my team will come back. Thank you Stephanie!Super friendly and very accommodating. The restaurant is very beautiful very rustic very microbrew looking. The food was excellent my daughter is not a big guacamole fan so they were able to give her a side of cheese sauce with our appetizer the chips were crispy the guacamole was excellent with just the right amount of lime juice. She and I split a rack of ribs and I'm telling you I'm from Texas and they were excellent! 
Could not of been happy with the service the in-house craft beers were very good. I would definitely recommendLike to sit outdoors when the weather is good.  The Cajun shrimp is really good.  The drinks are good, but a bit pricy. Had no problem with the service, very friendly.  Had a good crowd when we were there.After a long day in Philly sight seeing and walking, we were excited to finally sit down and try this place out after reading the great reviews and awesome beer and food selection . Got there had to wait 20 min for a table which of course is to be expected based on it being a Saturday downtown. Therefore we went to the bar and got two beers which were amazing, the service there was on point. We then got a text for our table being ready in 20 min like they said, sat down looked over the menu and realized we hadn't had ANYONE come over to us for nearly a half hour, every table around us was getting service and new tables kept arriving and getting service . We then asked the guy that sat us what the hell Was going on he said someone would be right over, ten minutes later NO-ONE. Saw him again and said we are leaving he said the manager would be over . Don't bother you guys are a day late and a dollar short unfortunately we left on principle that the situation was ridiculousWhat a great addition to center city! Stopped by this place on a Saturday afternoon, it was pretty full and the wait time for a table for 2 was 20 minutes. We didn't mind waiting as they took our number down and there's a TJ max right next door. 
15-17 minutes later received a text saying our table was ready, we were seated and our server was shortly with us, she explained about the brewery and offered us great suggestions. 
We took our time and I ordered the Wit Breeze, and my SO got a flight (sample beers). I really enjoyed my drink! 
For apps we got the Nashville hot chicken sliders, the pretzels (please get them) and the Belgium fries. 
The Pretzels took a long time as the kitchen was backed up but they were so so worth the wait. 
We were too full to order entrees so the SO got an order of the cheesesteak egg rolls. 
These took longer than 20 minutes and although the server apologized multiple times, we could only eat 1/2 the egg roll. It was very delicious! 
We already planned our next visit and will be bringing in friends and family!Customer service is exceptional. Upon entering you're greeted by very friendly staff. It's very rare to find this level of friendliness. They even opened the door for me because my hands were full.
The right side is for bar. First come first served. I went there on Saturday on lunch time and it's crowded.
The right side is for dining.
You can buy some beer too at the entrance.
I was greeted personally by the manager, Matt. Very friendly guy who made sure my order is taken carefully of and explained me about some of my dietary concerns.
This place is kids friendly. It has kids menu. The menu has several vegetarian options and they can accommodate special dietary needs such as vegan and dairy free.
I ordered voodoo flat bread, pretzel sticks and stout chocolate ice cream to go. My order came out rather slow. But the front desk staff were so nice and engaging conversation with me. I recommend to call to place the order to go.
Voodoo chicken flat bread: decent size, my father in law enjoyed it.
Pretzel sticks: definitely get this. It's seasoned with sesame seeds, poppy seeds, and a touch of garlic. It's not a typical pretzel sprinkled with salt so it's not very salty. Perfect crunch and well balanced flavor. The mustard and cheese dip is great. I prefer to enjoy it without the dip. I dipped mine in my chocolate ice cream. It sounds weird but it's great . The dough is soft and moist.
Chocolate stout ice cream: very delicious. Highly recommend for nice ending to your meal. Not heavy and creamy. Very light and refreshing and not overly sweet. Perfect sweetness.
The website provides nutritional information and allergen list. 
I will definitely come back to try different things. I am looking forward to try the cheesesteak spring rolls and the crab cake.This Iron Hill location is great! 
They have a huge variety of beers brewed in house. Their beer list is always changing so come often to make sure you don't miss something! The menu is a variety of pub food and American favorites. When this location first opened, it took a month or so to find their food groove, but they have hit their stride. Everything we order is top notch! We especially loves the Zeus Burger-it is a lamb and beef burger with a green herb sauce!
If you live anywhere near an Iron Hill, it is a good idea to join the King of the Hill club. It is definitely worth the one time $15 membership fee. It has lots of perks but our favorite is that every member's beer comes in a 22 oz mug for the price of 12 or 16 oz!Great service, very knowledgeable on the beers.  Just like other posts said, the food was great. 15 minute wait was reasonable. Kinda noisy.The Jaeger Schnitzel is delicious!! Staff is very friendly and now I'm back after two days.Great place for casual dining. My Pub Burger was excellent. French fries were just okay. My husband's pulled pork was very good. Service was super.The place is nice with fantastic beer. The ribs were good, Asian salad was a little bit surprising but acceptable. The fancy seafood plates came in small sizes, smaller than expected. Chocolate cake was fabulous. It was busy and the service was good.Found this place on Yelp and went there just because didn't have much time to look for something else and can definitely recommend it. Food was delicious and liked choice of beer. Very nice and pleasant staff. Will keep it on my list in case will go back to Philadelphia.This is a nice space and a good location. The server was nice and I have no real complaints about the experience. The food was very average, though. I had the salmon bahn mi sandwich and my husband had the Zeus burger, and we both thought they lacked flavor. My salmon burger had little flavor other than the Mayo, and was kind of soggy. The buns were the kind you'd get for $1 a pack at the grocery store. I just think for the price ($13.50 and $15) the sandwiches could have been a lot higher quality and more flavorful.
Ultimately I can't say it was bad, but I also wouldn't return.Food was amazing, beer awesome. Wait staff nice. Comfortable. Classier than I thought it would be.Visiting from out of town and was looking for a good burger at a bar with a beer. Met and exceeded my expectations as i got the Brewski burger. I would come back.Food was good, service was better and beer was ... as described.  No hidden surprises here.  This is a solid restaurant/bar.  It's large so it's good for parties.  They have a good kids menu with the average price of $6.  The kids meal was plenty for kids that don't eat much but a kid that has a hearty appetite should order off of the adult menu.I had a really great experience at Iron Hill. The beer selection was awesome, I couldn't decide what to get. I also had the pretzels on the pub/bar menu. They aren't the usual Philly pretzels you might expect though. In my opinion they were way better. I was taking my time eating and enjoying my mini flight. The waitress and bar staff had no problem letting me stay while they cleaned up since I was there so close to closing time. I would highly recommend this place. Normally I encourage people to stay away from places in high traffic touristy areas, but I'm glad I wandered in here.I really love their outdoor seating! In the evenings, they got nice lights up and it feels so cozy and romantic. It also looks great inside and they have created a great spot to bring a big group of friends in.
I have also always loved and appreciated restaurants with concepts where you can see what is going on inside the kitchen.
I feel like that gives one a piece of mind and you can be a bit more sure that things are done the right way there. (everything looks so clean and organized!)
The other thing I would praise them for is, of course, their beer selection! I liked all the beers I tried and as always, appreciated the ability to do beer flights. It was not too hard to find several favorites after doing a couple of beer flights. So I recommend you to also explore rather than grabbing a pint of something you might end up not liking. 
The food was the only thing that I guess could have been a bit better, their hummus was nothing special if you ask me, but I would still definitely come back. The Brussel sprouts were good and really, just the beer and the cool ambiance were sure reasons good enough to return!We were looking for a place to eat New Year's Eve night and came across this place. We went in and made a reservation for 9pm. 
We waited over an hour to get our food and when it finally arrived. The food wasn't good. I had prime rib and my friend ordered a steak. The meat was tasteless and our mash potatoes came out cold. 
This place was a waste of our time and money. After spending a $100 we left hungry.Awesome service!! My guest and I thoroughly enjoyed ourselves, the food was great and great presentation magnifico!  We shall be back!We came here on a Thursday evening and it was pretty busy; glad we made reservations. Short walk from City Hall. 
We got the Brussels sprouts- good flavor. Everyone enjoyed it. The full rack of ribs was also good- not too much sauce, just enough with good texture. Caesar salad was very basic and a bit small in size; chicken was also a bit dry. Drunk Monk burger was good; the mushrooms gave it good flavor. We sampled a few beers. The Witberry was a nice light beer. The hard seltzer was tasty- reminds me of the white claws. The holiday beer trimmed with cinnamon sugar is tasty if you have a sweet tooth. 
Great service with Brian!We went for restaurant week and the service was awful. We didn't get a drink order in until waaaayy after we closed out menus.. same thing with our dinner and we paid for the 4 courses.
Still, we were treated like a rush dinner.
The guy, Vincent,  had the nerve to ask for our pens back right after check signing.. then one second later, after hovering over, asked for us to hand back our clipboards. 
Basically like... you're done, you need to leave.
So annoying!
Not what I expect from a restaurant participating in restaurant week. 
Never again......!!!!We stopped here one evening after our conference for a bite of food. It was around 8PM and the place was packed! We had a party of 10, but told the waitress we were willing to split up if that meant we could be seated faster. I guess they thought that if we were going to be split up, we needed to be close to each other. That wasn't necessary... and added to our wait time! It was around 8PM on a Monday!! 
Once we got seated, ordering was easy. But do be warned that they are only able to separate large checks into two receipts.... so 2 friends had to pay and we had to figure out Venmo separately. That's always a pain. 
We got several appetizers to try... the philly egg roll were good. As were the Brussels sprouts and sweet potato fries! Food came out quickly so no complaints there. The loss of two stars really has to do with service and wait time before we were actually seated! We could have been done and out of there a whole lot sooner!Great beer selection and very good food. Cool atmosphere as well. Would highly recommend to beer lovers.This is a decent addition to the area and the beer is the star here. Food it pretty hit and miss but a great variety of brews here to warrant a return visit.I've been to this location several times now. The food has been mediocre at best. I had the gold medal winning ribs this time around and was very disappointed. They lacked any sort of flavor and were also a little rubbery. My girlfriend had the curried chicken salad. It was basically a lump of flavorless chicken on top of a bed of salad greens. The service staff also spilled half of my beer on my girlfriend and her bag. The management team seemed to care very little about the incident.Our first night in Philly we wanted a burger and we stumbled upon this place. It was okay. Customer service was good and the raspberry lemonade drink was good, it actually had real raspberries pieces in it. The burger was well just a burger noting special. I don't usually put ketchup on my burger but I did with this one because it was dry. I asked for well done and yeah it wasn't I could still see pink in the meat, now they did give me a discount and that was a plus.I stopped here on my way back to the hotel. I got a flight of beer: kolsch, the Irish red ale, the Vienna Red Ale, and the Pig Iron Porter. They were all excellent beers! I had the fish and chips for dinner. It wasn't to die for but it wasn't bad. The service was outstanding. Good experience!Visited here from out of town on a Saturday evening. It was busy but our server Lou did a pretty good job so my rating is not on the service but on the quality of food... I ordered the Steak Medallions for about $22. It was sad, two little pieces is steak and a very small portion of cauliflower & rice. Very disappointed but didn't want to say anything or cause an issue due to it being an important client dinner with a business partner of mine. Everyone else's food looked better than my plate. I suggest management improve the "steak medallions" or just take it off the menu. It was so pitiful it actually was unappetizing.Walked in on Friday night for a beer and check out the new spot.  Waited for 10 min at the bar before I was even notice.  I was then recommended the Korean wing and asked specifically are they double fried like normal Korean wings are and the bartender said yes, but it wasn't. Not a good first impression at all.Iron Hill is more of a bar than a restaurant.
The patrons there seem to be half drunk and
the dining room is extremely noisy with all
the screaming and yelling.  It is also crowded.
The food portion sizes are modest.
The cheesesteak appetizer is good, but small.
The straw onions appetizer is made of tiny
onion fragments that cannot be dipped.
The Teriyaki chicken entree did not taste
like Teriyaki.  The chicken was tough and
the broccoli florets were hard.I was in Philly for business and stopped for lunch. My server was Ashley, who was amazing on recommendations.  Very friendly.  Clean environment.  Good food.  Incredibly great beer!!!  Highly recommend.This was my second time at the Center City location. My colleague and I decided to meet for dinner due to it being Center City Restaurant Week. What we ordered from the pre-fixe menu was tasty, enjoyable, simply delicious. My colleague and I aren't beer drinkers, so it was wonderful to have a server who provided some recommendations on what type of beer would pair with our meals. Great location to meet after work.  We had a wonderful time.Went in here while my fianc and I were having her engagement ring refitted. Been to iron hills in Ardmore, and chestnut hill and the food/drink quality is always great as well as the service. This locations follows suit. Highly recommend for a city location. Waiter was attentive and let us stay for hours while we waited for the adjustment. After the meal and waiting went to the front to buy a four pack to go. The manager Matt happened by while I was up front and asked how my day was going. Told him about the engagement and why I was in the area. He threw in another beer gratis in addition to those that I paid for. What a generous and awesome gesture and thus me recommending this place, on top of the good food/drink/service.This is a busy lunch spot near the convention center in Philly.  Where the staff are friendly and inviting. 
I grabbed a solo seat at the bar for a quick lunch. It was a great spot to watch the brewmaster as they worked the mash and fermenters. 
My bartender Reece was a nice guy who really took care of me. 
It was a nice environment to enjoy a break. The noise level was just right. Enough background noice without making it difficult to hold a conversation. 
The Korean BBQ wings were both the best and hottest version of these I have ever had. These have a strong Kimchi flavor with that great spice.  Be prepared to enter a flavor filled experience. 
I balanced my lunch with a nice mixed salad with pistachios dried cranberries apples and greens. I actually needed to quench the spice between wings. It was a perfect combination.Cool place, good brew and good food. I really dig their rewards program.  Only got 4 stars, due to service sometimes on the slower side but besides that I'll be regular for sure.I came here recently for a puzzled pint event. The restaurant was super packed and full of smiling faces. I met my party and we all ordered beers. I got the Gritty City ipa. It was very tasty. I forgot to snap a photo but I drank it very quickly. This means I will be back very soon so I can try more beersI really enjoyed visiting this restaurant and brewery for lunch while in Philadelphia for a work conference.  While I'm not a big beer person, I asked our our server, Morgan, for a recommendation and she hit it out of the park with the Witberry.  I really appreciated that she brought a couple little samples for me to taste first.  My coworker loves beer, so he ordered a flight to try out several and really liked them all.  The food here is also really great and it's nice that you can substitute a side salad for fries gratis--I had the beer battered fish and chips and he got the falafel burger, so adding some veggies was in order  If you're in the area, I'd definitely recommend stopping by, if even just for a drink.Beer is OK here, nothing special. Red sangria was so bland, it tasted like lemon water. I am 100% sure there was no real wine in it but some sangria mix with lots of water ugh. Never going back here - if you cannot make it right, please leave it out of the menu.We enjoyed a lovely, worry free dinner.  The hostess was amazing.  We told her that we are in a high risk group and were a little worried about dining out.  She seated us outside and moved our table to an isolated area.  We enjoyed a refreshing beer and good food without fear.  The fish tacos were delicious.  We look forward to returning.Beer was good and so were appetizers. We were a bit disappointed that they closed the kitchen right after we're got there and all we could order was appetizers. We just got off a plane and we're really hungry. When we arrived we seated ourselves and it seemed like the wait staff was avoiding coming over to greet us. What we had beer, pretzel and fried cauliflower were good just wish I could've had a meal.Hit and miss. The appetizer naked sliders are great, but in 3 visits, got 3 different versions. They are also VERY SLOW. All 3 visits it was slow to get the food out. They do not provide a standard service or ask if you want condiments. If you don't remember to ask for salt and pepper, mustard and ketchup when they bring your food, you have to wait until they come back and by then your food is cold. Not sure what the problem is but it is consistently slow service there. Most of the food items were ok, but just inconsistent in preparation of their dishes. I chalk all this up to poor management and lack of training.This was a good spot for a nice lunch right by the Loews Philadelphia hotel. Our waitress Katie also happened to be from Indiana and provided great Hoosier Hospitality in Pennsylvania. 
I opted for the naked burger salad to get some protein and greens and while it was yummy, I asked for the burger medium well and it came out more medium. I was too hungry to bother asking for a different burger and it was still delicious.Amazing food and beer, can't say I've had a better dinner at a brewery, especially for these prices!Enjoyable restaurant experience! We had the pretzel sticks which came with two dipping sauces as an appetizer. For my meal, I ordered the crab cakes which were full of crab. My girl friend's falafel sandwich was great. Portions were large and prices were fair.Stayed in Philly for one night and arrived late. Checked into the hotel and then ran around the corner and found Iron Hill. What a find. 
This place has it all. Great food and fantastic beer. A combination that is near and dear to my heart. 
Had Korean wings and a mushroom flatbread to go along with a few fine IPA's. Word of warning, the Korean wings pack some heat but they are very tasty. 
If your in Philly and looking for a brewery/restaurant swing by and enjoy your evening.Very close brew/pub near some of the major hotels in the center city.  Solid selection of brews and they pair them with the items on the menu.  It took a long time for our waiter to show up as he was trying to find something on the menu that was Vegan.  He couldn't find it, but we did hear about it and made it a running joke throughout the meal.  I had a cup of the seafood bisque.  Not bad, maybe a tad salty, but it was tasty.  I had the Jaeger Schntizel - this was actually very good.  Comes with a couple breaded pork chops that have been pounded down with a generous portion of spaetzle, wild mushroom gravy and a fancy pants name for green beans.  Highly recommend this one.  The downside would have to be the slow service.  Lucky I was with good company and there was no awkward silences at our table while we were waiting for the food.  So I give the food 4 starts, the service 2 and we'll round it to 3.  Could have been a bad night for service, so give it a try yourself as the food was fun.Great beer selection! Service started a little slow in greeting us but was excellent after that. Good burger, will be back next time in town.The last time I was here, there was not a seat to be had. I can see why. Exceptional and engaging team and impressive offerings. 
Tonight I went all in on the specials. 
Grilled Watermelon and Goat Cheese Gazpacho
mint oil
Pan Roasted North Atlantic Salmon
citrus carpaccio, lemony wilted spinach, extra virgin olive oil, sea salt 
Suggested beer pairing: Citronia Saison
Pig Iron Porter Gelato
chocolate chips, gaufrette cookie
Suggested beer pairing: Pig Iron Porter
Thank you Chef, Seth and all the team. Can't wait to return.