Best. Cannolis. Ever.
I love all of their cannolis but their marscapone is my favorite. Their Italian cookies are delicious. The apple walnut  tart was good. I absolutely love this bakery.Isgro's is the best!  Their cannoli are so good and always freshly filled.  I've tried a number of cookies and other pastries from this bakery and every one is out of this world good!!  The cakes are fantastic as well, and they have so many unique flavors styles that you can always find something to please anyone!
Any time you need to feed that sweet tooth Isgro's is the way to go!I usually love Isgros but I'm not sure what happened. I received my favorite cake, Italian cream pie, for my birthday cake. The taste just wasn't there. It was missing the chocolate layer and nuts. The cake was also like mush. As soon as you cut it, the whole thing crumbled. For $40, the cake should taste good. I'm so disappointed. I wait all year for this cake and now I'm not sure I'll be waiting again.Craving some Italian dessert. I need to eat some good cannoli and lobster tail. I walked all the way to Italian market and got in this small bakery. 
Need to warn you, the ladies who worked there, they must be super busy with non stop customers. They don't want to be bothered so do not ask any question...
My cannoli... Ok.. Wasn't bad. But not as good as the one at Veniero's in NYC but definitely better than the Bruno's or petitio's. Lobster tail was ok. Pastries were well baked but their custard cream was just ok. I'm general their fillings were nothing special to me. I would never crave their filling though. 
Unexpected jackpot was carrot cake. Not too sweet but their cream cheese icing was amazing. Now I am craving their carrot cake though. 
If the ladies there were little nicer, at least answer your questions w/o being annoyed I would give them 4 star because of their carrot cake.My last two birthday cakes have been from Isgro's.  This year, tiramisu cake.  The year before, cannoli cake.  Seriously, how insanely genius is that.  Cannoli cake!  And I can't even tell you how good they tasted.  How much time I spend thinking of them all the rest of the year.. 
But in the mean time,  there are the actual cannoli.  Amazing, crispy, creamy, wonderful, with a sprinkling of powdered sugar goodness.  These will bring you back from the edge.  
This is not even to mention all the cookies and pastries and miniature tarts and cakes- from the traditional Italian to the plain everyday works of art.   I've literally never had anything bad from here.  There were things I might have loved slightly less than others, but only slightly.  Indeed, I have loved them all.  Sfogliatella, Italian Rum Cake Squares, I could go on, but I won't, just this once.
This shop is adorable and clean.. such a cute little storefront.  The ladies are always nice and helpful.  Their website claims that their famous customers have included both Paul Newman AND Frank Sinatra.  There is no more win than that. I also want to say that they have a picture of a Pope on the wall, but I may be imagining that in my sugar-fiending frenzy.  
It can get a little crowded and if you're a glutton like me, also a little pricey-  But these sweets are for special occasions and therefore worth every penny (And really, where else are you going to go?).  And remember, there is no shame in buying yourself cake.MOVES FAST?!?!? i would have liked to been in the line that moved fast. The ONLY thing i get here is the tirimisu, it's actually the only place i like it from. I stood in line for 2 hours on xmas eve, by no means did it move FAST. for every one person on the sidewalk there were 4 more crammed into the store. It was complete chaos and you couldn't even breath in there. Listen, do yourself a favor, go in the summer and even better yet, go a few blocks further and go to Potito's for your cannoli, you'll be better served and leave with some money in your pocket!For a place that's been around so long, they act like inept amateurs. Avoid them at all costs, unless you like taking risks. 
Isgro's made what was apparently a delicious and beautiful cake for my wedding. Unfortunately, I only got one bite, and the cake topper that we froze got ruined. So a little over a year later, for my birthday, my wife and I decided to order a replica of the cake topper as my birthday cake. We order it on a Sunday to be picked up the following Saturday morning - the day we're moving out of South Philly. I show up exactly at 9, when I'd agreed to pick it up. Oops, they forgot. "Please come back tomorrow mid-day," they say. 
So I show up the next day, patiently taking a special trip back to the city on my birthday itself, in the middle of a hectic move. I stand in a 25-minute line and when they finally call my number, they tell me that they forgot again. I did NOT have time this weekend to head over there twice, and it really helped to ruin what was already a frustrating and tiring birthday weekend.  Just the icing on a really bad cake, so to speak.
By all means, if you like taking risks with special orders, go to Isgro's. Roll the dice, see if they bother remembering you.  If they forget, you can roll the dice AGAIN and see if they forget you twice. Apparently, they have more important things to do than take your money and make cakes and pastries.I had the misfortune of trying the cannoli here. 
The cannolo was terrible!  It had an artifically flavoured filling with the texture of canned pudding instead of genuine ricotta, which is what good cannoli ought to be filled with. Pastry part was okay, with a crispy texture.
The cannolo was also surprisingly expensive, direly overpriced for the quality. 
If you like your cannoli tasting like they came out of a supermarket can of pudding, this is the place for you.Delicious butter walnut cookies and chocolate almond biscotti.  They are decadent but perfectly portioned and light   Perfect for snacking on when strolling through the Italian Market.  Grab yourself a latte from Anthony's and you have a great ending to a brunch.I just had the best zeppoli from here! Made with marscapone rather than ricotta.It was sinful! Their cannoli and butter cookies are better than any other South Philadelphia bakery.And all my birthday cakes come from here. The pound cake is a must!
My only complaint is that the lines are huge on weekends anymore. And forget about holidays.My family came here for over 20 years, but we've moved on.
I've started calling this place "Is gross" because there are always bugs flying/crawling all over the food. The women also haven't worn gloves or washed their hands after handling dirty money every time I've been here recently. It doesn't matter how good your food is if it's unsanitary.Scoot over Termini, I think I'm cheating on you with Isgro's.  The cannolis were amazing, the cookie was crunchier than termini.  i really liked their mascarpone cannoli also, the ones that are dipped in chocolate with the creme. hmm.... so good. And you can't forget the best of them all: THE TIRAMISU CAKE! Bring this to a friend's birthday, to your coworkers, or neighbors and you'll be the star of the evening. One of the best tiramisu cake I've had.I ordered a birthday tiramisu and it was light and moist. People loved it more than my wedding cake.It was priced similarly to other bakeries for tiramisu. I read a review on Yelp that the tiramisu is good and it didn't disappoint.If you are a fan of italian pastries, I would recommend it. 
If you're like me and do not like creamy, buttery desserts (trust me i LOVE bread and desserts), Isgro is probably not your best option. 
However,  I did love the original cannolis. The chocolate one way too sweet.. 
The carrot cake was way too sweet and creamy and....idk.. just too italian haha 
it's 3 stars for me personally, but it's a very busy place and ppl seem to love it!Fabulous cannolis, delicious cookies... unfortunate customer service on busy Saturdays.I don't know why I haven't tried Isgros before... I went this past Sunday and was tempted to buy everything in the store BUT INSTEAD... I kept it together and decided to start with the cookies and work my way up to pastries then cakes. Good thing I decided to do so because less than 20 cookies cost me about $14! Pretty pricy but it was totally worth it. 
Literally every cookie was baked to perfection- melt in your mouth, full of flavor, and perfect texture (not too soft but just a little crunch). I absolutely cannot wait to go back and try other things like their famous cannolis! 
This small family owned shop is a force to be reckoned with and although I already am in love with another Italian bakery, I am not against having 2 favorites!!The aroma when you first open you get hit with such a sweet aroma that it puts you in a state of utter extacy! Once you recover and you realize all the options available that feeling of exctacy transforms into gluttony! Everything looks delicios and you want to eat all that they offer but alas there are only a finite amount of calories that can be consumed in a day (unless of course its your day off).. Now I go straight for the original riccotta cheese cannolis! The pastry is perfectly crispy, the riccotta cheese perfectly light and creamy, the chocolate chips perfectly dispersed within the riccotta cheese. Every bite you take is better than the last. I am in complete love with the cannolis here that I have not had the impulse to cheat with some other pastries! Maybe I'll get a hall pass soon and see what other beauties are available at this pastry shop.The best sfogliatella ever!  But beware, this won't be inexpensive.Best Bakery in South Philly!
They have amazing cannoli's and cookies.  They have a huge variety of pastries--you can find something sweet in a second.
The place can get really busy--particularly after church time, but it's definitely worth the wait!I LOVE Isgro's!!! I can't say it enough how much all of their pastries taste so good! I get my birthday cake from there every year. The smell of the bakery is so tantalizing as you are walking down Christian Street, you can't help but not resist the temptation to walk inside and see what goodies they have on display that day.
I will never get a cake from anywhere else again. YUMMY!!!Cannolis, cakes, cookies, cream puffs oh my...
I have recently discovered my sweet tooth. It was always lurking in the shadows but for over 20 years I considered myself a salt over sweet kinda gal. However, I can no longer truthfully say that and Isgro's has for certain contributed to this change.
To make matters worse, Isgro's provides quite possibly over 30 different varieties of baked goods. I have tried maybe half of those. The prices seem a bit steep at first but you can easily fill a box of cannolis and cakes and another box of mixed cookies for around $20. The cannolis are great, not the best I've ever had but I come from a town known for its cannoli so that's only fair. The cookies are awesome and for someone who could normally care less about a simple butter cookie, I would give my right arm for one of the butter cookies topped with sprinkles. The chocolate cakes are rich and wonderful. The cream puffs are standard good (although eat them right away because they don't fare well over time). And the raspberry thumbprint cookies are seriously out of this world.
Writing this review is just making me want to head down to the Italian Market for another visit. If you're smart, I might see you there!This review is only for the chocolate and vanilla cannoli as well as the tiramisu cake.  Once again Yelp was on point with awesome reviews about this place.  I had the bf pick up tiramisu for a birthday and he indulged us with cannolis too.  The cannoli was light and airy.  It was not sweet and heavy like others i've had.  It was simple and perfect.  The shell was soft and melts in your mouth.  Some bakery use really hard and almost stale tasting shells.  The chocolate and vanilla filling was on point.  No guilt feeling over here afterwards.  The tiramisu was delicious.  I loved the ladyfingers surrounding the cake.  It help provide a perfect slice for everyone.  It was also light and airy.  I can't wait to pick up more delicious goodies from here.Tina is fantastic! Our daughter discussed her wedding cake design with her and the end result was awesome! Their store is truly a stable in
South Philly and believe -they are the best hands
Down! I will use their services for all my cake needs.. Thanks Tina for making our daughters special day memorable..What kind of lunatic could ever imagine a rating lower than five stars for Isgro?
You could complain about the small space, or the inevitable wait for your number to be called - but those are just adding to the anticipation, and frankly, giving you more time to make up your mind (or lose it trying to decide). This place churns out some of the sweetest, most attractive desserts I've ever encountered, from their creamy tiramisu to their cheesesteak-sized eclair to even their fruit tart. Everything tastes like it was made for the Godfather himself to eat.
Freakin love South Philly.The pastries here look like something out of a Parisian bakery. The display case presented a multitude of options, all of which looked delicious. I ended up with the fresh filled Ricotta Cheese Cannoli and the chocolate mousse Cannoli. I devoured them in a matter of seconds. The staff here has a bit of an attitude, but attitude does not matter when you have pastries that are as good as they offer.My wife picked up three cannolis and a piece of carrot cake. The shell was crispy and the filling was nice and light and smooth. In addition it was completely filled. The carrot cake had a traditional cream cheese icing along with coconut throughout. I enjoy both very much.This little hidden gem may be a bit out of the way but if you are in South Philly should definitely stop by for some dessert. I tried the creme brûlée which was just the perfect amount of sweetness and their case presentation is very effective. I usually prefer my creme brûlée with a vey hard layer of glazed sugar on top and this did not quite meet my standards but overall it was still pretty yummy. I want to try their peach desserts and cannolis next time :DHow do I love thee? Let me count the ways:
1. Best cookies I've ever had EVER (true story). The almond horns (my favorite, and all the best qualities of an almond were captured), the black and white (so soft and lemony), the ricotta (pillows of yummy), the almond cream (a fabulous sugared short bread), and the pasticcio (or something like that--with its almondy center and a layer of raspberry). I drool remembering these beloved cookies. They were a memory within the first five minutes of buying them, if you get my drift.
2. Normally I hate canolli---I LOVED these. How could you not love these? The shell --super crisp and thick. The kind of crunch one dreams of. The filling--perfection and amazingly flavorful. Not too dense and not too light---and FRESH, oh so fresh. They were made right before my eyes. 
3. The prices. Never ever would you find pastries/cookies of this quality in DC and not pay dearly for it. Two canolli and a bagful of cookies was $19. I wouldn't call it cheap, but I wouldn't call it expensive either. The canolli alone would cost much more.
4. The location. Talk about a cool neighborhood. We could have walked around for hours visiting all these food-selling shops. One butcher shop even boasted about his 60 kinds of sausage...really? We even bought a fig tree from him. This neighborhood is a destination, but DON'T TELL ANYONE!
5. The regulars. It is always a good sign when the shop owner seems to know all the regulars and the line of these regulars wraps around the store and out the door.Bought the marble bible cake. Dry and not good. Spent 190 on it. Ugh...I grew up on Isgro's italian rum cakes every year and always loved it!  But the last three times we have had it recently they do not taste the same at all, couldn't taste any rum at all and the cake was a little dry.   With the prices as high as they are it was very disappointing that it was not the same delicious cake.My happy place. Lets just say I live in the NE section of Philly and I will drive all the way down South Philly attempt to find a "legal" parking space just to have one of their chocolate covered strawberries. Love the lemon-cello cake its the best. If you haven't been here then you better stop by... So goodIt is SO SAD to see the progressive DECLINE in quality over the past 10 years, while prices at Isgro have SKYROCKETED! The size of their cannoli are literally HALF the size of what they used to be and are now more than double the cost.
Today I was in there and found out that the smallest Rum cake they now sell is $29.99. The same exact cake that used to cost $15.00. Instead I bought a few of the mini rum cake squares. I was horrified to discover when I got home that they were FROZEN SOLID in the middle. Alas, proof that their pastries are not even fresh. They're frozen for god knows how long. Very disappointing!
Also, they no longer sell NORMAL SIZED zeppoli. They only sell mini zeppoli, which you cannot buy one or two of, you HAVE TO buy 6. What?!? No thanks. Potitos sells MUCH BETTER and BIGGER zeppoli and cannoli for almost half the price. Isgro seems to be in the business of price gouging lately and it is very sad, especially for us long time south philly residents who remember how great they USED TO BE. So, so sad.Good pastries but extremely over priced and lady at the register is very rude, when I asked her for the prices of specific pastries she was acting like it I was bothering her. For 4 little pastries she charged me 24$ I think that way to much! Customer service and better prices are what this place needs.I was so excited to come here. I heard such good things about this place on Yelp but was very disappointed. I bought a variety of different cookies to try (4 small cookies to be exact) it cost me about $6 which was ridiculous. I tried the biscotti, it was so hard and over baked I had to throw it away because I couldn't bite into it and I feared cracking a tooth. I tried the ricotta cookie... unimpressed. Sadly, I don't think the quality of the cookies live up to the hype. If I crave a cannoli, I may return to give this place another chance.Best cannolis. Best zeppolis. Really good cookies and pizelles too.
And the service! The sweet ladies behind the counter will box every order, even if it's just a couple of cannolis. I have risked parking tickets to get my fix whenever I'm in town. 
Drive past Isgro's around Easter or Christmas and look at the line out the door and down the street.  There's a reason why the ratings are so high for this place, and they've been there for 100+ years.My husband and I went here on fri 6/9.  We bought several pastries. I would def get another fruit tart it was delicious.  I bought my husband one of the marscapone canollis which he didn't care for much.  I also got a cream horn.  The cream was very good but pasty was very chewy.  My oldest daughter got a small strawberry shortcake and she really enjoyed it.We were looking for a place to buy a specialty cake for my boyfriend's mom's bday. Yelped this place and decided to check it out. We went on a Saturday, a few people in there. We took a number and browsed the selection, and they have quite a selection! We looked at the cakes, they looked high end and gorgeous. My bf's mom was definitely going to love any of these cakes. As our number was called, we decided to go with the tiramisu cake, a cream puff and a cannoli. There weren't any prices on the bakes goods, so I was guessing that the tiramisu cake was going to be around $35-40. It was $25! So I felt like I was getting a good deal. 
The cream puff was on point with the right amount of sweetness. The cannoli was pretty good too. But the star was definitely the tiramisu cake...... good God. I've had tiramisu plenty of times before and I always felt disappointed because it always looked better than it tasted. Not in this case! So delicious, the cake part was so moist, I think it was soaked in some type of liquid/syrup or something. And the cookies that lined the outside were still nice and crispy.
Love this place, when I'm back in Philly, I definitely will come by again.um.  Do yourself a favor, go here, and get yourself some cannolis.
Yes, more than one, because this pastry of perfection has to be consumed in multiples.  Get all the flavors available, but start with the ricotta first and then thank me later.   
Sweet baby jesus, these are so damn good they'll make you convulse. Best cannolis in town (you heard it here), hands down!The pasties were so amazing! I wish they would open up a location closer to me! Wow the love that is put into thier delicious desserts shows! The marscapone cannolis were my favorite!"Not just cake, an Isgro!"
 When I overheard one of the guests at my mother's 90th birthday party say this, I smiled.  We all knew we were in for a treat! The Italian cream cake was extraordinary--as fresh and delicious as could be!  And beautiful, too.  A special thanks to Isgro...and bravo!You gotta be kidding me.  I don't love sweets.  I especially don't love cake.
I had the pleasure of sharing a birthday cake from Isgro with some good company last night.  I have no idea what type of cake it was.  I can only say that it was decadent, moist and sweet yet balanced. 
Wow.  Can't wait to go visit in person.The best ricotta cookies !!!!! They are delicious. The mascarpone cannoli and eclair are excellent. I am not a fan of cannolis but I love Isgro mascarpone . My only concerns are they don't wear gloves when they package your goodies and each time  I go they charge a different price.I went here to purchase birthday treats for my dude (which thankfully he let me share). 
While inside the shop, the employees took a while to acknowledge that I was even there...and served the more mature patrons well before me (maybe I should brush my hair before I go outside? Who knows). Maybe this was a good thing, because it allowed me extra time to decide what I wanted. I ordered the chocolate/peanut butter ganache, and the tiramisu. The ganache was seriously pee my pants good. Sugar overload! The tiramisu.....not my favorite. I hate to say that, because I had heard such great things about it. It just tasted a little bland to both of us. My conclusion is that I drink way too many coffee products.....so I was expecting more of a punch in flavor. 
I'll go there again though....and try something different. 
The prices were decent too. $9 for dessert that could have easily served 4.I could say before I tried Isgro's cannoli that while I enjoy a good cannoli, I wouldn't go out of my way to get one. Now I feel as if there is a gravitational pull towards that little bakery, and I have to fight with myself every day, every evening, and sometimes at 2am, to not run down there like my hair's on fire just to get a taste.
You might say, "That's a bit melodramatic for a cannoli, wouldn't you say?"
No. Melodramatic would be declaring through heartfelt sobs that there can be no other cannoli in the world that will satisfy my cannoli desire the way Isgro's cannoli can, and I declare my undying love and dedication... And that would quickly devolve into Awful Romance Territory which is just creepy.
Seriously, though. This is a good cannoli.OMG!! WE had actually went to have brunch at Sabrina's , 1/2 block away, then the aroma -made us follow, to this fabulous bakery, & the line was crazy, love, love their cannolis, heck, all kinds of flavors, & huge. Brought one for my mom, she & I love cannolis. 
Would definitely return -again. Just parking is little crazy around that area.THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST CANNOLIS!!!! I love stopping here and grabbing a few cannolis whenever I'm in the area. (I usually make a meal out of them.) I should start trying more of their food!I have always wondered why Isgro Pastries even has a sign out front.  Have a walk down Christian St...follow your nose to the sweet smell of deliciously baked Italian Pastries.  Seriously, who ever lives on the same street as Isgro is blessed.  The air is different around there, heavenly different, air filled with Italian baked goodies.  And normally when the aromatics are on point, the actual product is just as good. Go to Isgro Pastries for the best Cannoli, Italian cookies and cakes in Philadelphia.Admittedly I've been here once. 
We bought a variety of cakes and pastries and between the 4 of us tasted them all - and I'm out of my mind. Chocolate eclair - OMFG NOM. Chocolate ganache cake - OMG GIVE IT TO ME NOM. Brownie - OMG GIVE IT TO ME NOM. Almond delights - OMG GIVE IT TO ME NOM. Fruit tart - OMG GIVE IT TO ME NOM. Canolli - OMG GIVE IT TO ME NOM. Pumpkin spice cheesecake, I'm going out of my MIND it's made of butter, sugar and DELICIOUS. 
I'm deeply sad that this was all we bought and I NEED to go back right now. Apologies if the review is a little repetitious but seriously you have to try this place. Everything is beautiful. A tad pricey, well you would perhaps say yes but then you've never had anything this good, so if you want to pay half the price for half as good, find another bakery. Now, I'm pretty sure I have the diabeeetus *pass out*. (worth it).One word: Canoli.  Order the traditional with chocolate chips and fall in love. The filling was perfection and the shell was light and fresh with just the right amount of crispness so that it did not fall apart.  No wonder they've been around for 100 years, they have mastered the art of Canoli. Oh, yes, almost forgot to mention the pignoli cookies!!!  Buy 3 pounds, because they are so delicious that they will go fast once you bring them home to your family.Yummy pastries and nice employees. Must try their cannolis! They rock.Holy smokes I just paid over $5 for a canolli. Yes it was good, and I think it's great this is a family run business with history in the area.Great bakery and very popular. It's all good.....not a bad thing in there. We love the cookies especially. If you're looking for specialty pastries, this is the place to go.
I think that this place is better than Termini Brothers. Not as pompous and better variety.First off, the smell of the bakery lures you right in from the street. I had already eaten before and was quite full, but the smell of baked goods lured me right in the door. The place has so much charm, it's been open for over a century so that means something right of the bat. I had the tiramisu and ricotta cookies. I was a bit overwhelmed by the selection so I went with what looked nice. I do not think it is pricey as others stated. It's very charming and a true neighborhood joint, I recommend it for anyone visiting.This place is heaven for anyone with a sweet tooth. They have just about every baked good you can imagine and some you never have. I come here every time I'm in Philadelphia because my mom and my lady love it. Especially good around the holidays but fun (and most of all delicious) at any time.If you are at the Italian market and crossing Christian street, do yourself a favor and head west, past the dentists office with a unicorn in the window (seriously) and hit up Isgros.  Make sure you go in the second door (the first one looks like you can go in there but it is their bakery).  
Their cookies and biscotti are AWESOME, especially the ricotta cookies.  I tried a chocolate cannoli once, and is was a little runny, but I will try some other styles of cannolis in the future.  
Well in the time I wrote a review for Isgro Pastries it made me want a ricotta cookie so bad, I am going to have to go there this weekend.Can you say food coma? They gave a sweet tooth to a gal who would always choose a burger over a cupcake- but oh boy, isgro has me spinning a different direction.
This place has a real family feel. The interior is small, but has a lot of classic options. When we got there it was empty around 1PM, but 3 minutes into ordering the line was out the door- I guess we just got lucky! The Cannoli is to die for, but don't get the chocolate because it is a chocolate custard not a chocolate Cannoli filling. The apple dumplings stole my heart, they had a delicious portion of apples inside the dumpling- the dough to fruit ratio is perfect. My friends absolutely loved the tiramusa which was packaged with a cute little spoon.
This was great, would come again :)Holy Italian Creme Cake! The absolute best I've ever tasted! Not too sweet, not too light.. freakin' perfect! A friend of mine had one for her birthday the other day and informed me of this little slice of heaven... and it so happened it was my mom's birthday as well as a coworker's.. so I had my girlfriend run over and grab one. Seriously... I could die after eating that cake! She also grabbed two St. Joseph's cakes since it was in fact, St. Joseph's Day.. and a strawberry cheesecake thing (which we haven't tried yet).. oh yes...
I'm excited to try other pastries from these wonderful men and women!I've only had red velvet cheesecake from this place, but it's absolutely superb! Love it!I'm not a cannoli lover but my family says their all time favorite is here!  Be ready to fork out the cash though.  Dropped $150.00 on cannolis and cookies.   When we go to visit my wife's family this is a must.I get my Marscapone canolis from Isgros. Its way better than the  traditional ricotta style. I never likes the milkiness of ricotta except in my lasagna. So they use Marscapone which has a creamier consistency. Its also not too sweet . The shell stands up and doesn't break apart like others. There are 2 major Bakeries known for there canolis: Isgros and Termini's. I am an Isgro fan. 
Their Coconut macaroons are also very good.Just stopped in and had the Chocolate Mouse Cannoli.  Decent pastry, but way overpriced at $5.25. Get the feeling there's a locals price and everyone else's pricing system going on here. I would give this a pass, and look elsewhere.I need to stop walking/biking/driving anywhere near this place, I can't stop myself from being lured into this sticky sweet classic shop. 
The butter cookies? My vice, show up with those to my house with those and I'll feed your cat and change the litter every time you're out of town.Grew up in Philly, now live in NYC. Both cities have wonderful Italian restaurants and pasticcerie. 
However, while NYC might have the fantastic (although slowly declining)  Veniero's, Philly is home to the one and only Isgro's, by far the best Italian pasticceria in US. 
The cannolis, the torrone, the sfogliatella - all are absolute perfection. Stop into any Italian household in Philly on Christmas, St Joseph's Day,  Easter, and you will find these pastries set out on the table, the empty Isgro's boxes proudly displayed on the kitchen counter.
Be aware if you want to get something right before for the holidays, you'll be standing in line for awhile. People start lining up at the break of dawn to put their orders in. But it's so so so worth it.Isgro's is everything you want in an Italian bakery. Right down to the boxes tied with string. The individual tiramisu are fabulous. I can't wait to go back and try more.Isgro's is like a museum of pastry.  Go there just to gawk at the glass case of beautiful sugary creations... and I double dawg dare you not to buy anything.
I'm allergic to dairy and am mostly vegan, so I would never, ever try a bite of one of the cannolis my boyfriend gets from Isgro's.  But, hypothetically, if I were to sneak just a little taste, I might be able to tell you that they are like little creamy clouds of rich deliciousness.This is without question the best bakery in the northeast, of the United States! I have no doubt that the cannolis are the best and may be the top 2 ever between the mascarpone cheese and traditional. The cookies are stellar and the cakes are Devine. There is one catch, they know they are he best so expect a line and not so efficient workers at the counter, although there was one employee that was hustling when I visited. Another intangible was that the family tradition is all around you there, including the next generation of bakers, as he was telling us his favorite pastries, hence the mascarpone cannoli. Go! No chance of being disappointed. I've even convinced my in laws from New York, who know good bakeries agree with me.We got our wedding cake from Isgro's. Tina was fantastic with helping us order and taste the cake options. The cake was beautiful and so so delicious.  When it comes to great cake and awesome service, nobody does it better.By far my favorite dessert is cannolis, but they are very easy to get wrong judging by what most restaurants and cafes serve. Many places fill them all in advance so the cookie gets soggy, or over-sweeten the filling so that it tastes overwhelming. Isgro is one of the few that does it right-if memory serves you can get them filled with your choice (mascarpone, ricotta or ricotta with chocolate chips) right there (they do have pre-filled ones as well, or maybe I just got lucky with the fresh filling?) Di Brunos is my favorite though still, even though they have fewer options.The real deal.  Great cookies at South Philly prices. You can't go wrong.  Also great bakery acroos the street for bread and sheet pizza.Isgro is amazing. I lived in Philly for a year and would always take my out-of-town friends to Isgro. If you have a sweet tooth, if you have a craving, if you want the best cannoli in town, go to Isgro. They have a great selection, fairly fast service, and are amazing for catering.Without a doubt the best pastries, cakes, cookies and cannoli in the city.  Service is great and the people are awesome. We wanted cannoli for a  dinner party and  we arrived late after closing because of traffic. They opened up and filled our order. I love these people.Isgro's, remember me? I lived a block away from you before I moved away from Philadelphia. I miss you. You are so incredible.I heart their ricotta and chocolate covered cannoli, they also make a good version of one of my favorite italian cookies pignolis, which are almond cookies coated with roasted pinenuts.  They also have these beautiful specialty cakes such as the "peaches and cream", tiramisu, creme brulee, and strawberry ricotta cheesecake.  Really good quality pastries, only wish the prices were more reasonable.When it comes to Isgro's.  It's so good.  I can barely form a complete sentence.  What a cannoli.  You will not be disappointed.  Rich but not too heavy. Everything. Just eat everything.As Steven C. so eloquently put it, sometimes long time businesses become complacent and customer service is not in the business model.  I have been ordering cakes from them for corporate functions for years.  It's always a big order, so they're being compensated well.  Last week I ordered three sheet cakes and one 8" round.  In placing my order I enunciated very clearly what the wording should say.  I even spelled a couple words.  When the cakes arrived, they looked like a six year old did the writing.  Even worst, the wording was completely off from what it was suppose to be.  It didn't even make sense.  I called and asked the manager how could no one realize the wording didn't form a plausible sentence.  She agreed, but had no excuse for it.  It's unfortunate that we will not be ordering from them again because they baked goods are yummy.Isgro's did my wedding cake and o.m.g.....it was absolutely amazing!!!!! The design of it was perfect and just what I wanted. The cake itself, just incredible. Their 'basic' option i guess you would call it for a wedding cake is a pound cake-plain, raspberry marble, lemon marble, chocolate, marble, or chocolate chip. We tasted all of them and it was a little hard to decide because they were so good! We went with plain, raspberry marble and chocolate marble. The top of our cake was the raspberry and we both cannot wait for our anniversary to eat it! We've already decided that if it doesn't hold up in the freezer for some reason we're going to go back and buy the same cake, lol!I used to live at 15th and Catharine and sometimes would walk to the Italian Market's Spice Corner to procure loose teas. Consequently, I'd walk past Isgro. I swear they pump the delicious bakery smells into the street to entice you into coming inside. One day I couldn't resist. I went inside, and it was glorious.
There were cookies, tortes, éclairs, and little cakes as far as I could see. There were also MANY people. I ended up leaving with cannolis and carrot cake, two of my favs. After I ate my purchases I realized why the place was so full. It's definitely work a look!I was craving cannolis and ended up making a 30 minute trek on foot just to try Isgros. It was definitely worth it! The woman ahead of me bought out all the regular cannolis, but I still managed to snag a couple ricotta ones which were delicious! I also had an eclair which was okay. Not amazing, but fine. I will definitely be back to try some of the mascarpone cannoli and their other treats!We stopped in for some yum yum after dinner. The ladies working here were friendly and helpful. We got a cannolo, a mini ricotta cheesecake and a lobster tail. Everything tasted fresh & delicious. The shop is cute and they have all their yumminess on display to tempt you. I do wish that they would offer cannolini for those days that I just need a little bitty something sweet. Plus, let's face it. There is no ladylike way to eat a cannolo. :) I always end up looking like a kid eating and Ice Cream cone. Ricotta all over my face. But then again, that's not such a bad thing. Is it? 
I do need to go back & try those lovely cookies!The best cannoli I have had in Phila. My boyfriend and I tried Isgro and Termini on one day to compare side by side and Isgro definitely wins. :) They are expensive but totally worth it - cheesy, sweet, crunchy shell.