I used to love this place.  They would get my order right; they had a great pico de gallo; they would give me extra jalapeños when I would ask; they would deliver quick.  I don't know whether they've become immensely popular and couldn't keep up the quality, but I don't order delivery from them anymore.  They would constantly mess up my order, it would be cold, and the quality of their dishes kept going down.  My order would take over 2 hours for delivery and I live in center city.  I would keep ordering from them expecting it to change and eventually I just had to quit.  
I is sadI was visiting Philly Yesterday and was in the neighborhood. Saw this restaurant on yelp and found good ratings. I went around 6pm on a Saturday. It was quiet. I ordered breaded chicken with a salad. It came with rice, bean paste and tortillas.  The portions were huge. John (I think that's the name) was very friendly. Gave full attention to my order while suggesting some specials. He was courteous and made me feel comfortable. The food was good too. Chicken was tender. Not at all greasy. 
While i was finishing my meal there came a bunch of college kids who were given a large table and given freedom to dance to create club feel. John (and the management) really knew creative ways to make money. John made us aware about the arrival of that big group before hand. The menu looked like they have more traditional Mexican dishes.Terrible. Fajitas had no flavor, just covered in oil. I also got Seafood salad. Shrimp look undercooked and its served on crappy iceberg lettuce. If I was at the restaurant I would send it back. I got take out so my recourse is just to not eat it. I would never get food from there again. I can't believe it was rated so highly on Yelp.Will order again. Quick delivery. big portions. We had the nachos mixtos, steak burrito and quesadilla pollo. So much food we ate for lunch and dinner.The food was good and came in a timely manner. The service however was near unbearable. Our server, who quickly alluded that he was the owner, was very drunk and so was at least one of the other staff. He was friendly at first but soon became very annoying. He never left us alone, just kept rambling on about the specials of the day, and his restaurant. Repeatedly sharing mundane facts about how many people he usually serves in a day and how busy it usually is. Being the only people in the restaurant, this made for a very unsettling experience. It was hard to gage his intentions. He gave us free beers but also told us that what we ordered, just a couple of burritos, were street food, alluding to some discrepancy on his behave. The whole experience was very unsettling and I was just happy to get out of there as soon as possible. I thought his manner was very unprofessional.I've ordered from this spot a handful of times over the past couple years. I love how they pack the food, everything is tied up tight and secured, and there's never any spillage or unnecessary food mixing. 
They always include plenty of house made salsa, which is fresh and delicious. There's the orangey-red hot salsa, and the milder thick/green tomatillo salsa. 
I've tried a variety of flavors, usually from the Taco and Burrito sections of the menu. I unfortunately cannot offer much advice to vegetarians, as most of my menu choices involve meat. However, I can tell vegetarians that the guacamole is super fresh, well portioned, and the house made corn tortilla chips are fresh and usually arrive to my SW CC home warm.
As a repeat Mexican food offender, I can offer a few of my favorite dishes from this taqueria. The Mexican sausage/beef tacos are delicious, as are the Al Pastor tacos. The taco platters come fresh with sliced radish, slices of lime, and two corn tortillas per taco (3 tacos per order). I also have enjoyed burritos of the same variety. I can say as a man who enjoys marinated meat and Mexican food in particular, those two flavors are delicious and sure to give you your money's worth. 
The burritos are large, and absolutely enough for a satisfying meal (unless you're like me in which case you'd prefer a burrito and an order of tacos). The burrito comes with pintos, rice, shredded lettuce, sour cream and pico de gallo packed in with your choice of meat/vegetable. The tortilla used for the burrito is fresh and chewier than it is crunchy (when I sampled burritos along the Mission in San Francisco tortillas were sometimes fried or made crispy before wrapping). 
Also, try a Jarritos Mexican soda alongside the food. A beer would work just as well.Amazing value, delicious red salsa with just the right amount of kick.  Love the Steak Burrito for under $7!Best Mexican food for the price. The tacos al pastor is their best menu item. The portions are generous and the time to deliver is reasonable.This place has great mexican food!  I just came back from cancun cant get any more authentic than this!Wow. So delicious. I order the mole enchiladas & plantain & couldn't stop eating (even though I was stuffed). Soooooo good! 
I lived in Los Angeles for a long time & haven't had this quality Mexican food in awhile. I can't wait to order from this place again!Really good takeout-great prices. Didn't love the guac, but my crab quesadilla and chalupas pleased the hubby.Nachos. Nachos. Nachos. Good lord the nachos.
I can't say enough great things about this place (and the nachos). 
Both times I've been have been during restaurant week in Center City so the place was pretty empty. Apparently it gets pretty busy during the week and it's not rare that the place will be filled with merriment and cheer when 90% of it is reserved for a big party. The waiter was attentive and twice has suggested some spot on delicious meals. He even let us choose the Pandora station to listen to!
The food is incredible and it is very inexpensive. Second time I went everyone raved about their meal and their drinks (we brought tequila and they had the margarita mix ready for us). I had a the seafood soup and went for the optional pasta instead of the soup. The plate was bigger than my head and was brimming with deliciousness. I took it home and it fed me for 2 more meals! 
For 6 people the bill was just over $100 and this was after the nachos (remember me raving about that?), guac, and meals that could feed twice as many of us. 
Be warned it's a BYOB but they are more than happy to pour it for you. Believe me...*more* than happy. 
This is definitely a date night restaurant. Don't worry if neither of you speak Spanish -- the waiter is Italian and speaks English (ask him to tell you the story of how he got the job!) so that's not a problem. He does speak some Spanish from working there for a while so that isn't lost.
All around a really great place to have a delicious meal and a laugh.They have the best mexican food in Philly. The food is amazing. Their service needs work. They are often late, have failed to confirm orders, and have forgotten sauces for their food, only to tell  me they will be back in ten minutes. That ten minutes was over 30 minutes long. They have great cooks, but they need better training for their service staff.I celebrated a friend's birthday the other month at Iztaccihuatl, taking full advantage of the BYO policys and friendly service.  I remembered to go back for lunch.  The "Bistec Fiesta Atzala Platter" has shrimp, beef, chicken, a sope, queso fresco, pico de gallo, rice, beans, and tortillas on the side. Its $13 and is enough food for 2 people. I had to move the piece of nicely grilled beef to uncover a simple, yet pretty sizable piece of chicken. I really liked the sope, which came with mole sauce, and the plump grilled shrimp. I felt pretty festive eating beef, fowl, and seafood in one sitting.I live in the Port Richmond area and placed an order through UberEats on a Sunday late afternoon. Our food arrived within 45 minutes of ordering. We had a steak platter, alambre with carnitas and chips/Pico DE gallo. Everything was fresh when we got it. Since this is our first time ordering we didn't make any modifications but going foward I would ask for less onions I think between the two plates there was at least a distribution of 2 large onions. Their red sauce is actually spicy not all places make it spicy and portion size was great for the price. Other than that no complaints except I wish I took some pictures.I've never been inside the physical restaurant and have strictly used GrubHub delivery a few times over the last 2 years to get my hands on their food. You have to meet a $15 minimum and there's a $2 delivery fee. Once upon a time, there was no delivery fee. Those were the days... 
For me, their delivery has been a hit or miss. Most of the time, their delivery arrives in a timely fashion and the food is still warm. On two occasions, it was late. One was egregiously late by arriving nearly 90 minutes after it was supposed to and another time where it was about a half hour late. The latter, the delivery man profusely apologized and told me how busy they were and gave me a free soda. I'll take what I can get!
On to the food: I absolutely love their carne enchilada burrito. I've tried others such as the tilapia and the steak and noticed that they all have peas in the rice. I HATE peas, but I'll eat the burrito with the peas in it because it's that freaking good! Definitely ask for the orange and green salsas, which make a nice topping. I agree with other yelpers that say the guacamole is huge, but is rather bland. It definitely needs salt to give it some life. I've also sampled their chorizo and egg torta and their enchiladas rojas, which are both tasty The chips and the flan are your standard Mexican fare Not sure if you should be paying $5 for flan, though. But it's so hard to resist! Prices are reasonable, food is good, so no serious complaints over here!Name the top three things about mozzarella cheese that make it Mexican.
Ok, the top two.
Top one?
Exactly, there are zero things about mozzarella that make it a valid ingredient in Mexican cuisine. So it's super weird that mozzarella cheese is the ONLY cheese Iztaccihuatl uses. It's in their burritos. Their nachos. Their enchiladas. It's in their EVERYTHING.
When ranked against other taquerias in the neighborhood, I score their food a few comfortable steps above servicable and several below delicious -- nothing to blow your spicy Mexican horn about. Basically Iztaccihuatl is a solid choice. More importantly, they're extremely reliable for late night delivery through GrubHub. In conclusion, they have secured a place in my Spanish-English culinary Rolodex.This is the best Mexican food I have had in Philadelphia.  I have not had anything that I disliked here.  The portions are large enough for at least two meals (except the tacos) and the prices are reasonable.  Delivery can be a bit slow, but it is worth the wait.As of right now, this is my go-to Mexican spot in South Philly. What a great, large menu, and it's among the most reasonably priced Mexican restaurants in the city (that I've found). Portions are fantastic, and I've found that I get just about as much meat on my tacos here as when I order "extra meat" at competing restaurants. These guys also deliver, and you can order through Yelp, which is great because I never have cash for cash-only restaurants.
Pay less, receive more - an outstanding value and good food. What else could you ask for?Ordered "Carne Enchilada y Cesina Platter" delivery via Seamless.  Food came in 30 minutes in a fabulous presentation.  Portion was enormous for the low price.  This was my second time ordering from them...will order a third timeThe best al pastor tacos EVER! Once you eat some from this place, you can never go back. Nothing else compares! They never disappoint.I order here at least once a week. 
Tortas - amazing and flavorful and packed full of everything you want in a sandwich at what i think is a bargain price
Tacos - especially tacos rancheros are well built, full size tacos, fresh and my honest go to when introducing friends to this restaurant 
Chilaquiles - get it with steak and red sauce, it's a meal by itself but also perfect to share, spicy, well made comfort foodOrdered delivery on Eat24.  The delivery took 30 minutes longer than estimated.  When we got the food it was very cold and extremely bland.  I will not order from here again.  For better Mexican food order from Quetzally which is close by.This is a great authentic Mexican restaurant! It is BYOB so don't forget to bring a bottle  to enjoy with your meal. 
The food is so delicious and very affordable! I had the Pastor Pork Tacos and I think they are my favorite pork tacos I have ever had. The order comes with 3 full sized tacos served on corn tortillas topped with cilantro and onions. They only cost $5.95! That is a steal!I order delivery from Iztaccihuatl quite frequently and am never disappointed.  The food is always delicious!  I've become addicted to the esquites (if you ever had grilled corn with sauce and mexican cheese, this is the soup version) and manzanas con crema (so.good.seriously.).  Of course, their guacamole and chips are perhaps my favorite in the city.  I can't wait to order again!Tasty, inexpensive and open late--all the attributes I enjoy in a taco place. Al Pastor tacos had the right amount of spiciness and sweetness, the fish tacos rocked, and salsas were flavorful and provided just the right kick. Big place with a bar... that doesn't serve alcohol, but it's BYO, which only adds to the greatness of this tucked-away spot.I was excited to try this place after reading the reviews.
1st, only thing that really matters. The food was very subpar. Specifically the tacos. Arrived very dry and unflavorful. The fish was DISGUSTING. Ordered the 10 taco sampler
2nd, it was for delivery. It arrived over an hour late, only after being chronically lied to about when it would arrive.
3rd, after all that time, the order arrived incorrect, missing items from our order.
Very difficult to deal with. Won't order from again.
They hung up on me when I tried to ask about our order and avoided answering the phones.I ordered some delivery from here based on the good reviews, but I was pretty disappointed.  I got guacamole, vegetarian enchiladas, and esquites.  It took about 30 minutes which is fine.  There were no salsas included, and no silverware or napkins, which I actually specifically asked for.  The delivery guy tried to hand me the esquites and it was basically like a corn soup, that was in a plastic container and had leaked all over the plastic bag it was in.  I actually refused to take it from him, because it was going to make a mess.  No one called me to ask why I returned the item which is weird, maybe he just threw it out.  The enchiladas were decent, but the guac and chips were majorly lacking salt.  I was excited to add a new Mexican delivery spot to my repertoire, but this won't be it.My Mom had the chicken fajitas she said it was enough for two people and delish. I decided to go with the chicken burrito which was HUGE and Tasty.
I liked when I placed the order and they recited back to me. Fast deliveryTorta Cubana. End of story. 
Just kidding, my story starts with a venture into the Bella Vista area on a Sunday night. I was on searching for something other than Vietnamese food. I stumbled upon a restaurant that I can't imagine pronouncing correctly the first ten tries. I walked in and asked if I could see a menu for take-out and the gentleman, John, sat me at the bar. 
The place is pretty roomy. Nothing fancy here, tables and chairs with Spanish music playing. I asked John for recommendations and he immediately pointed out the Torta Cubana. Before I left, I received a history lesson and learned how to pronounce the restaurant's name; Ees-tah-see-wah. 
This football-sized sandwich is no joke. I unwrapped the foil and was immediately impressed with the presentation. I don't know how they did it but they managed to cram 12 ingredients in between two slices of Bolillo bread. What's more amazing is that each ingredient is layered neatly, and you can see each layer. It looked like a sandwich you would see on TV! Everything about the Torta was excellent. I cannot wait to go back to try the rest of the food at Iztaccihuatl.Best place for Mexican food in Philly. Hands down John is the best server who is always super sweet and on top of it. He makes you feel like a welcomed guest in his home...or something like it. Great place for large groups. No corking fee and the largest party gets to control the radio also. Love this place. And that's coming from someone who is used to Mexican food in California.I order from Iztaccihuatl at least once a week. I'm not exaggerating. I love this place. The Hongo Relleno is so delicious and their Carne Asada + Cesina platter can easily feed a family of four. Try everything. A++++Love this place. Great tacos, nachos, sopes, and fundido. Quick delivery and great staff. Never disappointed in making a choice to eat/order from here.The food is good, the service is bad. The delivery guy was rude and makes me not want to order from here again.A Mecca of SUPERB Mexican food. A must-go for authentic mexican-cuisine!! 
 I will be back again to bring friends and family. :)I have never been so happy to find good Mexican food in this city. What makes this place all the better is that they deliver...YAY!  Used GrubHub to get some delicious dinner and it was here within 45 minutes. If you know Philadelphia you know delivery under an hour, on a weekend, during dinner time, is almost unheard of. Plus the delivery guy called me senorita when I greeted him at the door...Bonus Points! 
The chicken enchiladas with red sauce were the perfect amount of heat and the corn tortillas just soaked up all the deliciousness. The hubs had the burrito pastor and it was a MEGA sized burrito filled with yummy yummy goodness. 
The only star they lose is for the guacamole. While the serving size is huge and it's served with a healthy amount of fresh made tortilla chips, I thought it was just slightly lacking in flavor. I like a more complex tasting guac, this was a little creamy and flat. I added some fresh sea salt and that seemed to help. 
All in all this was some great mexican, and it makes it all the more better that I can enjoy it from my couch!I love Iztaccihuati and order from them pretty often. But unfortunately, for my last order there was a long black hair right in my grilled steak burrito. This is simply unacceptable. 
I have eaten food from here over ten times and this is the only time I have had a negative result. Pretty disappointing.excellent authentic mexican food. john provides great service.I love this place so much! It is byob AND they don't charge anything to make margaritas for you. Food is BANGIN' and the server is very friendly. I don't have a single negative thing to say about this place :)I had a terrible experience. I ordered food for delivery . Firstly, it took them an hour and 15 minutes for a salad and a main course, and then they got chicken enchilada instead of the vegetarian. When they finally got the right order after around 45 minutes of wait, it was worse than 1 dollar pizza at 7/11. Will strongly discourage anyone from going here.I just ordered the fajitas mixtas with extra shrimp from them and it was really disappointing. It wasn't very flavorful, the meat was dry, and "extra shrimp" ($3) got me one extra shrimp. I can't speak to the tortillas or the rice and beans since I can't eat 'em, but I wish I had spent my $16 elsewhere.This has to be the best Mexican place in Philly. My favorite dish here is the carnitas enchilada burrito, but I have never heard anything but terrific things from other people I've eaten with who've tried a variety of their dishes. Prices are also extremely reasonable and I've never had any problems with either delivery or pick-up orders. If you want really flavorful, delicious Mexican food, this is your place.Had a great burrito from this place. Not too expensive especially considering the portion sizes (large!). Very casual restaurant. The server was very friendly. Would come here again.I was not impressed by  the food here. The chicken enchiladas and fajitas are a definite pass. I couldn't even force myself to eat it - ended up throwing it out. What a waste.Normalmente ordenamos comida para llevar, los fines de semana y aunque hemos probado un poco de todo , los sopes de cecina y campechanos nos encantan ..las tortas muy completas, solo que el pan me gustaría fuese mas tostado.
El precio ni se diga ...simplemente lo justo .one word......GROSS!!!!! I wanted to try a different Mexican restaurant and took a shot with this one. My order was delivered after about an hour and a half of waiting (which would've been okay) had my food not arrived cold, half cooked, more grease, butter and half melted globs of cheese on it instead of actual ingredients. It was awful and has left an unsettled feeling in me even as I write this 3 days later and am remembering how gross the food was.Great for late night delivery. I ordered via GrubHub. They close at 12, and I ordered at 11pm on a Sunday night. I got my food by 11:40pm. 
I got a steak platter and tilapia tacos and both were delicious. All food arrived very hot.
Ask for sides of home made hot sauce. They are delicious!
I'll definitely order from here again.I wanted to save my 100th review for a special place. Conveniently, I just went to one yesterday!
I really wanted to take more pictures of the delicious food here to show off this incredible restaurant to the Yelp community, but most of our food was instantly inhaled long before I ever got a chance to whip out my camera. 
If you like great, affordable Mexican food served in generous portions, this is the place for you. If you want to find out what outstanding hospitality in restaurant service looks like, look no further. Come into this establishment on a night when Jon is working. I've been to many restaurants, and I don't think I've EVER experienced such great service. He is extremely knowledgeable about the food, very engaging without being pushy, and extremely good at making you feel at home. His menu suggestions were all great. 
We started off with the Nachos Mixtos, which had such a generous amount of toppings on top of a generous bed of crispy tortilla chips. We also had the Bistec Iztaccihuatl Platter (steak stuffed with shrimp and crab, covered in cheese and chipotle sauce... sounds like a heart attack waiting to happen, but totally worth it) and the Tacos de Lengua - both of which were very good. It was such a wonderful meal complemented by a free pitcher of margarita mix (BYOB). We were stuffed AND felt like we were still bringing most of our food home. By the end of the meal, I was curious about dessert, but alas, there was no more room in my stomach. 
Not to worry, I will be back to try the desserts, and I have no doubt they will be as excellent as the rest of the food.Oh. My. God!  This place is literally a hidden gem!!!!  I got a gift certificate from Restaurant.com and decided to give this place a try since I love Mexican food.  I was highly impressed with everything. I had the veggie burrito and it was as authentic as being in Mexico. It was perfect!  I also got an appetizer which was layered with fresh crab meat, avocado, tomatoes and lettuce.  My husband and I were literally fighting over it!!!  We also got dessert which was a vanilla cake. So, with 2 entrees, 1 appetizer and dessert, our bill came to $26!  I couldn't even use the gift certificate (min of $37). We plan on going back with some friends. It's also a BYOB which I loved!! We brought our own margaritas :)As Christina G and Nina S have yelped, we were all here Saturday night. I didn't partake in the pork tacos or chicken fajitas, but I had my shrimp fajitas and loved them. So much, in fact, that I took the boyfriend back tonight and ordered the same thing.
Unlike Christina, he was brave enough to try the super spicy sauce from the back. He was sweaty from it. 
We took tequila with us this time, and tried two different margarita mixes. The first: cherry, orange, and lime blend tasted like fresh squeezed juices and was just sweet enough. The latter, pomegranate, was great initially, but a bit too sweet after a glass or so.
Because my boyfriend is obsessed with tres leches, he order that for dessert, and it was the best I've ever tried, I think. He also ordered a Mexican Coffee and enjoyed it.
This isn't a fancy joint, but the food is yummy and it can fit you and all your friends at once.A hidden gem!
The ambiance is lacking, but this is perfect for a craving for authentic Mexican food. No need to dress up.
I was there with a group, and there was no wait. 
We started with chips and two salsas. The green is mild, and the orange is EXTREMELY spicy. But delicious. 
Next our group ordered guacamole, and vegetarian nachos.
The guac was good. It could have been a little fresher- Maybe there was no lime in it? The nachos were BOMB! There were lots of fresh veggies, cheese, crema...perfect for sharing!
Everyone got tacos or enchiladas- and they were great. The sauces were authentic, and the food really was made with love and attention.
This is NOT El Vez, and this is not El Rey. It's kind of a dive, and not a place to go with lofty aesthetic aspiration. But you'll get a solid meal.TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. I placed an order through Yelp and called to ensure that the order had gone through, they told me it had and the delivery would take 20 minutes to arrive. I had to call back about 4 times only to hear that the food would take 5 minutes to arrive. After an hour and a half I spoke to a manager and he told me there was nothing he could do, it would be another 5 minutes. It was obvious that they had forgotten my order, yet the manager was not sympathetic at all. Terrible customer service. I ended up cancelling my order.My go-to Mexican delivery spot. The nachos are great but I'm not wowed by any of the other dishes I've tried and I've tried pretty much everything.I decided to take a chance on Iztaccihuatl (for takeout) on a lazy weekday evening while craving Mexican food. I ordered the Enchipotladas which were surprising spicy but a good size and came with a nice complement of rice and beans. My fiance ordered the Tacos Al Pastor which she also enjoyed. We also ordered a side of tortillas and guacamole and the serving size of guac. is enormous. I'm not quite sure how they could even make a profit while serving such a large portion of guac. for under $7.
The delivery was dropped off prior to the estimated time and the quality was comparable to eat in (still hot and together). 
A great meal for evenings when you don't feel like like changing out of your sweatpants.This place has redeemed itself. We haven't had any issues with drivers and the food is consistently good. Still a good, inexpensive option that delivers late.The fact that they let me order my food AN HOUR before it closed and its still not here and they done blocked me from calling is unacceptable and FUCKING rude now that I waited all night and it's Sunday  I can't order shit fuck them LYIN ass mofosThis is a great BYOT Mexican place. I came here with a large group of friends a few weeks ago. A few of our friends were running late, so we ordered guac for the table to snack on. I have not seen a bigger portion of guac in my life! They literally brought out 2 troughs of guac, and for $6 each, it was a steal. The flavor was pretty mild, but I liked it. They also brought out two different tasty salsas with the guac. We asked for our first pitcher of margarita mixer while we were waiting. The mixer was pretty good, and best part -- the mixer pitchers are free! You just bring the tequila.
The menu is extensive, and everything looked good. I decided on the veggie burrito. It was stuffed with beans, rice, pico, and of course veggies. I really liked it. I spiced it up a bit with some of the salsa, and I managed to eat the whole thing even though it was rather large. My friends ordered various things including sopes, tacos, quesadillas, etc., and everyone was very happy with their meals. Throughout the meal we probably had 2 or 3 more pitchers of margarita mix so that everyone had at least a couple margaritas. Everyone left happy!
The restaurant was not that busy because we went on a weeknight. Service was excellent, and our food came out fast. And the prices are astoundingly low!I have been on a Mexican food pilgrimage as of late, and I learned about Iztaccihuatl from Philadelphia Midtown Lunch (which, by the way, you should bookmark if you truly love good food).
Now, because I had just eaten at this place, my stomach is getting in the way of my ability to type and think coherently, so let me summarize my thoughts:
1.) Bistec Fiesta Ozolco Platter: If you need to have variety in your life, I recommend this meal wholeheartedly. You get a parade of grilled beef, chicken, and pork in addition to a chile relleno (fried pepper with stuffed cheese), extra cheese, rice, guacamole, beans, and salsa.  Price? $13 dollars. Not bad at all, and arguably you can eat this with someone else. But really, why do that? Eat the whole thing yourself. 
2.) Tacos de Carne Enchilada: I have not seen tacos stuffed to the brim like ones here at Iztaccihuatl. Sort of reminded me of Korean marinated spicy pork, but you get to add salsas, cilantro, onions, and lime on top. Price? $6. Okay, now that is a deal. Seriously, the pictures don't lie-- they are hefty.
Overall, I had to give this place 5 stars. Very nice people, and the food hit the spot.I love it but I always skip and get hurt cause the tiles are too slippery. They need new tilesWe only had tacos here but hands down one of the best we've had in the city! Lean, generous portion of meat, overflowing cilantro, warm taco shells that don't fall apart and most importantly, no soggy oil at the bottom! Flavors are spot on and we were completely stuffed! 
The mild salsa is a little too spicy for me so be careful to not put too much. We would've loved it a bit more if the radish were pickled like the Guapos Tacos truck, but $7 for 3 massive tacos, we're not complaining.
We'll definitely be back to try other dishes!Princess Iztaccihuatl, that's who. In the Nahuatl language the name means, "White Woman," in reference to the white-capped volcanic mountain. Didja know, didja know? We've ordered delivery from this place so frequently over the last few months that I took the time to learn how to actually pronounce, "Iztaccihuatl," instead of continuing what I had been doing, which was to say, "Izz..." and just trail off. This had been my lazy habit when suggesting the spot for some late night delivery nachos.
Certainly it was high time to brush up on my knowledge of the geography, topography and folklore of Mexico anyway, but I also enjoy acting as the insufferable know-it-all, after all as well: "Hey, didja know Iztaccihuatl is a dormant volcanic mountain?! It means White Woman." I mean. I started off the damn review with that fact, just pleased as punch that I learned something from these here internets. Snacks and facts, baby. That's the ole gal in a taco shell. Uh yeah, so the realization that this place is likely gonna stay heavy in the delivery rotation that got me curious- how bout I know what the heck I'm talkin about? 
I'm talkin about fast, easy, and reliable delivery through grubhub. I'm talkin bout the fact that they're generous wit the little containers of tasty red and green salsa, if you ask for extra- and I always do.
The nachos vegetarianos are my favorite order. Now, if you are in the habit of selecting vegetarian items from offa Mexican menus about town, you probably have had odd instances of being served up either a straight up refried beans and cheese type o' combo, or some senseless melange of frozen, or worse- canned vegetables, folded into whatever concoction. Maybe you've been left puzzled, "What the hell is with this carrot? What's this random string bean about?" I know. I've been there.
This is not the case if you order the vegetarian nachos from Iztaccihuatl. A mound of chips will meet you, covered in beans and cheese, yes, but also piled with sauteed peppers and onions, corn, zucchini, yellow squash, mushrooms, and crema. Lovely.
Be advised, if you also order anything entitled, "vegetariano," this is likely the mix that will be up in your enchiladas or what have you. Not a complaint, but you may wanna mix up the flavor profiles by gettin ya a mushroom quesadilla, or maybe those tacos de jalapenos rellenos de queso, if you're in the market for some more meatless items. The latter are tacos of cotija cheese-stuffed jalapenos. And I like em. Muy mucho.
Iztaccihuatl: Good prices, good portions, good for delivery. Keep up the good work, white woman!I ordered the chicken chimichanga which was not listed on the menu. The item was very tasty and came with an appropriate amount of pico, rice, beans, and salsas. Price was a little high but it came with an generous quantity.Wow! This restaurant is the reason I love Philadelphia. I ordered fajitas and guac around midnight to be delivered to my hotel. It arrived quickly, within around 25 minutes. 
They have huge, delicious portions with an excellent price tag! Definitely recommend it!Yes!  Great Mexican food!  I've been underwhelmed by most of the other "best Mexican" places people have recommended and now, finally, the gleaming ray of sunshine that is Izatccihuatl has entered my life.  
The green & red salsas that came with the chips were spicy and flavorful; the whole table took turns tasting each one trying to decide which one was spicier, still a draw.  Choriqueso was incredible, not too greasy and quite tasty.  I got the chalupas and covered them in salsas... satisfaction attained.I'm not feelin' it. A lot of really great reviews, but ehhh.... 
The food was okay - but I'd go first to one of the other neighborhood spots that put out really good food. There are plenty of other options. The one thing this place has going for it is the price... but maybe you get what you pay for? Maybe it is better if you eat in-house, not do take out? I'm not sure.This place offers sizable portions of very fresh Mexican cuisine.  It's open late and offers quick, no frills delivery at reasonable prices.  There are plenty of places hoping to compete in South Philadelphia, but only one or two are really in the same league, I've found.  My only complaint is that the guac is not as flavorful as I'd like.  I prefer a potent guac and theirs is more about the mild flavor of the aguacate.  However, their pico de gallo and salsas definitely make up for that.  Long story short, if I'm jonesing for tacos, this is probably where you'll find me.Here are my bullet points I think might be helpful:
1) If you go on a weekend, it's likely to be crazy loud, because apparently they have a good deal for private parties, sort of a Chuck e Cheese vibe. Regardless of noise though, it's a big open space that's completely fluorescent lit, with seemingly little to no effort in decor, and tables set with red plastic cups advertising a methadone clinic. Maybe that stuff doesn't bother you, just saying it's not exactly a great date spot.
2) Our food didn't taste good- overall was pretty bland.This place is great! Super veggie options and meat ones, too. Cheap. Sweet server!I'm absolutely incredulous with how bad this place is. Ordered delivery that arrived after a full 1:45. Delivery guy did not say a single word, no apology, didn't even make eye contact. As if the service wasn't poor enough, the food was atrocious. Seriously, I had maybe 3 bites of the enchiladas before I threw them in the trash. A 10 year old could make better enchiladas. Wholly unacceptable.I don't care how good the food is, exceptionally poor service needs to be addressed. I order once a week, and each time I receive my food, the driver doesn't greet, look at, or acknowledge you in any way upon delivering the food. Not a big deal. I took note of this and stopped leaving a tip.
Tonight upon delivery my girlfriend went downstairs to grab the food, and the driver yelled at her because he wasn't getting a tip. 
Funny, he never opened his mouth to me, but he certainly had a lot to say to a 5ft tall, 100lb woman. If he delivers again, he'll be lucky I don't knock him off his little bike and eat for free.Very good! My bf from AZ swears this is closest thing to true Mexican he can find. Delivery takes a while, but worth it.hmm... so I have very mixed feelings about this place these days. I went in late January and it was pretty empty on a friday evening but the food was wonderful and cheap and we all had a great time. I came back, very excited, in May and the place was PACKED - swarming with college aged kids and large parties. Obviously the news is out that this joint makes a great BYO spot due to its enjoyable atmosphere and free margaritas (if you bring tequila). 
Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like the staff can keep up with the restaurant's popularity these days. The service took a long time, the food took even longer, and unfortunately, the quality of the grub was stunningly bad compared to our first visit. I got the chimichanga, which was fine, but almost everything else that we ordered was subpar. 
With great power comes great responsibility! I'm not going to give up on this place just yet, but they need to hire some more staff or something, because they obviously can't handle the heat.I haven't had such bad food since I was in college and short on cash. First and foremost the delivery was an hour later than expected.
The Quesadillas de Camaron y Jaiva read stale quesadillas smothered with cheese, scattered with some prawns and no hint of crabmeat.
And then for the Burrito de Chuleta Ahumada; it left a bad taste in my husband's mouth. It was the first time I have seen my husband not finish his food let alone not eating even half of it.
All I can say is I'm glad we didn't order any dessert!I just moved here from California about a month ago, and missed authentic Mexican food. I've tried all recommendations, and found this place on uber eats. It looks just like California Mexican food. I tried it and it was authentic. Take it from a Californian where we have real authentic Mexican food. This place has my approval and I will always order from here. I don't understand the bad reviews from anyone that hasn't had authentic Mexican food. This has been the only place that reminds me of home so far.My husband announced that the Mixtos Nachos are some of the best he's ever had! And we're from California, the capital of nachos, so that's saying something!  My enchiladas were yummy, too. Delivery was fast and prices were reasonable. Portions are huge! 
Only criticism is that the menu could be clarified somewhat.  I was expecting something a little different with the enchiladas, based on the menu description. But what I got was tasty, so it's hard to complain.I'm giving this 5-stars because the quality of the food. I went here this past weekend and the food was amazing. The interior is clean and simple. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Food was prompt and definitely fresh! I can appreciate a quality and authentic dish, and that's exactly what we got! The tortilla were clearly fresh and home-made.. and combined with fresh Mexican sausage topped with cheese.. it was a delight! It was the type of food you might expect from a "gourmet" authentic-mexican restaurant in Rittenhouse Square charging $30-40 per plate. Take away the frou-frou decor and uppidy prices, and you get Iztaccihuatl! Hop in a cab or pickup the phone for delivery and see for yourself!who cares that i have no idea how to pronounce iztaccihuatl because this spot straight up delivers (literally).  ever get intimidated to order authentic mexican food because you don't speak much spanish?  well worry no longer, online ordering from my couch just brought my anxiety level down a few notches (plus there's also those times i'm just a little too lazy to wander over to the italian market for my taco fix).  at iztaccihuatl each taco meal is only six or seven bucks and comes with three generously stuffed tacos with the meats sauteed in onions and cilantro, and wrapped in double corn tortillas.  they also come with a couple slices of radish and lime and three different spicy salsas.  the tacos al pastor are definitely the way to go.  lightly charred sweetly marinated pork with sauteed onions and cilantro.  yum.  you'll thank me later.I dont know why this place has so few reviews? This is one of the best mexican places I have ever had food from. Their portions are very generous and the food is on point. The red sauce is perfectly spicy. I highly recommend this for delivery aswell. I think grubhub does free delivery for over $15. I loved my beef and chorizo burrito. Def worth a try and is also inexpensive compared to other mexican places in the city.This is a phenomenal little place with a great sign-- the only reason I stopped in, actually (considering Veracruzana and Los?/Tres? Jalapenos are only blocks away). They also have a cart, but I haven't figured out where they park it yet. It appears to be family run, but I'll learn more, seeing as how I plan to become a regular.
I gotta be honest. I am a spicy food wimp. BUT I loooove fajitas (sans beans) and tacos of all kinds (except fish). I want to give the place 5 stars, but considering my wimpiness,  I'm not gonna eat enough from the menu to really feel like I can do that. At any rate, in my humble opinion the food here out of this world delicious. And unbelievably cheap. The people are nice, and though small, the storefront is bright and clean.
I'm thrilled to have chanced upon this incredibly, wonderfully, authentic (in thsi gringa's eyes, anyway) Mexican food. I plan on doing my part to ensure that they stay in business, and I hope that you will, too ;)Iztaccihuatl is one of my favorite spots in South Philly - I love coming here for inexpensive and DELICIOUS food and drink! My go-to order is the Nachos Mixtos (nachos w/ chicken and ground beef) and the burrito Al Pastor (pork w/ pineapple and rice, beans, lettuce, and pico de gallo). I've also had a variety of their enchiladas and tacos, which have all been great! My favorite part about this "BYOB" is that it's bottomless margaritas, if you bring your own tequila. Perfect place for a rowdy night out with friends! 
As for delivery, I order from here quite often (probably more than I've gone in to the restaurant) - I personally have never had any issues with it. The food is always delivered in a timely fashion, it's always warm when I get it, and they always deliver at least 20-30 min before estimated delivery time!! I'm sad that the reviews below don't agree with me, but Iztaccihuatl is one of my go-to places I order from online!