Unprofessional, and unreasonable is what the employees are! They messed up our order. I am a small business manger, I deal with the public on a day to day basis and THIS IS NOT HOW YOU TREAT CUSTOMERS! If you messed up an order it is your fault you need to eat the cost and give your customers what they ordered even if it's the owners fault for messing up. These people are so rude they hung up on me 3 times, the receptionist drop out high school chick who is probably pregnant with her third kid told me "sorry honey, you're not getting your food!" These people are horrible and don't ever order from them again. THEY WILL POSION YOUR FOOD!Ordered from GrubHub. The food was late and the portion were small and leaking all over the bag. I ordered chicken chow mein that was delivered as as chicken and vegetables in a pint and a plastic bag of chow mein noodles. Also ordered curry chicken. Again, leaking and looks like a soup made of snot and Walmart pre-cooked frozen sliced chicken. Crab Rangoon was soggy and chewy. Egg roll was burnt. Will never order from this place again.  I wish I could give negative stars.I want to start off by saying that the chicken here is actually real chicken in my opinion you get what you pay for and is rather pay a little more for good tasting real meat than pay 3 dollars for cat, I have been eating here for years and never once has a bad experience. As for club sandwich it's the best club sandwich I ever had order it all the time. If you want to eat cheap meant and complain about prices go to your local corner store and pay 4$ for chicken and broccoli where you'll probable be getting car meat. As for the negative reviews I don't know where they ordered from, but def not jc Chinese. And there are real Chinese chefs In the kitchen.This was the worst Chinese food I've ever had! The egg roll was soggy, gross! The dumplings were doughy. The beef and broccoli and Kung po checkin weren't even recognizable as those dishes, so watery and gray colored I threw mine away! I think of Chinese takeout as pretty standard, up until now I thought it was impossible to mess up but this place proved me wrong and then some! Ick!!!what a place !!! great chicken wings!! and are  the best in the usa !! for over 50 years today doing it rightOverpriced and not tasty. I ordered from this place a couple of days ago and was very disappointed. The portion sizes were not big at all for the price I paid. It was around $10 for general chicken and white rice. The rice portion alone was extremely small. The general sauce was extremely runny, and the chicken was definitely not quality. I'm an avid believer that you should get what you're paying for; and this food was not worth more than $5. I will not be ordering from here again, and I felt strongly enough about the horrible quality of this food to share my thoughts with anyone else.The tofu and broccoli I ordered was disgusting; it was swimming in a sea of thick "sauce."It took them about an hour to deliver from only about 5 blocks away. The delivery man showed up without a total on our order, wasn't able to reach anyone at the restaurant, so we ended up overpaying him so he could be on his way. It was the worst service and the worst food. I'm just warning anyone who wants to order from here, please just go somewhere else.I've been ordering from this place for over 20 years but they haven't been serving anything good lately!! I don't know what's going on with this place but it's not like what it was. The JC wings that we order all the time has been horrible. Goodbye forever!!This wouldn't be a top choice for my Chinese food cravings.  For one, this is South Philly, so there is a ton of options.  The food is tasty, but the portions are small and everything is "a la carte", so it can add up quick.  If you want something small bc you're not really hungry, I guess you will be ok.  If you're like me, who knows the leftovers are better the next day, this place won't work.  They do have a lot of soup on their menu as well.  I can see myself hitting this place up for lunch in the winter, maybe.  For a Friday or Saturday night dinner though, I'll pass on this place.This review for late night food only. When your friends say they want Chinese and it's midnight- there's not many options. This was literally the only place that was open. We ordered a bunch of things and the bill added up quickly. I digress. Lol. Everything tasted great and was delivered within 50 min- a feat even during regular hours. So if you're in need of Chinese food at midnight give this place a try.Grew up down the street and always loved their food and after a long time i Could not wait to order the chicken wings...2 orders of wings got home and they were under cooked....the egg roll tasted like they were 2 months old.....very disappointing......I was conned into going here by a friend who apparently knows the owner. OMG. I've had chinese food at almost every level, but this place is indescribable. Greasy, tough, swimming in sauce, rotten vegetables, eggrolls as hard as baseballs is a good start. And yeah, the place is unbelievably creepy. Apparently it used to be a bar but the owner realized he'd make more money by hiring random chinese guys to make food. Plus, even for south philly low-end chinese, it is WAY overpriced.I will lead with JC wings are amazing. The rest of the food is on par as well. A great late night dinner. The only problem I have with them is price. Just not enough bang for the buck.Living in a largely Asian populated area you would think that there would be better Chinese food near me, but I guess I was wrong. The entire neighborhood is full of Asian Restaurants serving Americanized food so when they all failed we started ordering once in a while from J.C.'s on 8th street. I was never much of a fan of them growing up, but my husband convinced me to give it a try again...after all if had to be better than what's on 7th street. 
The first time we ordered food for delivery it was appealing enough to give it another try. It was still your typical corner Chinese Restaurant food chocked full of enough salt and MSG to leave your body twitching for a few hours. So when we were hungry last night we figured let's give them a call and see what we can get. Thirty dollars later for two appetizers and two containers of food [one shrimp and tofu and one garlic chicken] we were left both sick and frustrated, barely able to sleep from all the preservatives in our bodies.
They gave us only one tiny scoop of white rice for two containers of food and my husband complained about the spare ribs having little meat and even less flavor...he remarked that "these aren't Chinese spare ribs, they're American spare ribs," meaning that they just chucked some BBQ sauce or something onto them. My tofu wasn't all that bad tasting until my mood drastically changed from the MSG. There was enough of it in the container, which was fulled more with sauce than tofu, to make a pile of monkey shit taste like a moon pie.
I don't think I'll be ordering from J.C.'s any longer. Their reputation may be glorious in the eyes of the city, but any Chinese Restaurant where you can order a club sandwich needs to be taken off of my radar.I"m awarding 4 stars but ONLY based on the "hot wings"
A quick review for the "hot wings" here. I'm not sure how they list them on the menu (maybe as a appetizer) because I usually just call in and ask for "2 orders of hot wings". They're called hot wings but are NOT your average buffalo flavored type wings. I'm not really sure how to explain them and I don't have any pics :( They come smothered in some sweet yet tangy, sorta spicy, dark colored sauce. Shake the container before opening and be prepared to lick your fingers because they can get messy. But it's well worth it. You usually get about 12 wing dings in each order. My family and I have ordered these same wings over the last 18yrs. NO LIE. I know this because my daughter was a baby the 1st time I had them and she's grown now. Even after all  these years they still  have the SAME great taste. I'm not sure if the owners & menu ever changed over the years but the hot wings, restaurant name and phone number have not. They also made a sweet type of wing, maybe sweet and sour? My friend used to like them but I never tried them. Same concept just a different flavor. Again we normally get 2 orders with delivery and tip it's usually about $15-$16. They take credit cards over the phone...definitely a plus
I wouldn't recommend ordering anything else here. We've tried other basic menu items which should have been easy to make, and been totally disappointed. 
STICK TO THE WINGS PEOPLE. TRUST ME. Or you'll be disappointedItalians making Chinese food in the middle of a largely Asian neighborhood. So bad. Their take-out beer is outrageously overpriced and the food is barely palatable. My roommate ordered sesame chicken and I ordered General Tso's. We couldn't tell the difference between the two dishes except one had sesame seeds sprinkled on top. The only reason I gave JC a second star is because I love the big wooden dragon and "Oriental Odyssey" sign that has likely been there since the restaurant's opening fifty years ago.Food arrived hot and on time and everything tasted great. My biggest problem was how overpriced their beverages were. Besides that though, definitely a good experience.Ordered from here tonight for the first time in years and I must say it is the same food I remember from my youth. I don't know what yous are all eating. 
They also quite possibly have some of the best Chinese pizza (scallion pancakes) ever, too.Odds bodkins.  What a place.  I stumbled in late to pick something up because I had been out and had quite a few cocktails and needed something to eat.  Everything else in the area was closed or closing, so I thought, "what the hell?"
I walked into the small bar area and found a few guys sitting at the bar, most of whom were pretty hammered.  The staff was nice enough and directed me to the window for takeout.  I ordered some basic fare and stood at the bar, waiting.  The conversation was lively.  I decided to have a beer because I thought if I didn't, the dude in the corner who was eying me up, would come over and stab me.  
My food was eventually ready and I grabbed it, finished my beer and skedaddled.
I bring it home and discover that the dumplings were not really dumplings, but thick crusted, deep fried wontons.  The other container was so full of sauce, when I was done, it was still half full of this sticky, thick, brown goo.  I think I also had my monthly allotment of salt in one sitting.We've been ordering here for ages..i try other places as well but this to me has the tastiest ribs, fried rice and honey wings are terrific.  They are pretty good in customer service if you have a problem, i get delivery so i cannot vouch for eating in..but for the most part i'm really happy with their meals as well as the few american food items..if you have someone in the family who is not into oriental kind of food on any given nte.The worst Chinese food I've ever had. Don't be tempted by their late night delivery, it's not worth it.The first word I can think of to say is YUCK! Definitely NOT Chinese food. I think the hot and sour soup had hot sauce or something in it. Usually, my brother could eat sesame chicken even if it was kinda bad. That chicken was a really dark red color and he couldn't even swallow one of them! Not only was the food bad, the prices were higher than your average Chinese place. We only went to try someplace new but now we know, never again! Sticking with the other Chinese takeouts nearby.What a dump.
Our regular place was closed and it was late. Due to the pandemic, we went for pickup. It looks nice from the outside, so we gave it a shot.
In the door leads to a small, run down bar, with two maskless, depressed looking guys sitting there, staring at me. Eventually, one of them points me to a narrow hallway. Midway down is a small window to a small booth with a buzzer. Maskless woman pops out. Told it will be a couple of minutes, I'm stuck waiting in the narrow hallway as a steady stream of locals and delivery people -- all maskless - push past me to get to the smelly bathrooms and to pick up orders. Absolutely nothing about the place indicates the place is well-run or aware there is a pandemic.
The food was OK, not as good as our usual and double the price.
We absolutely will not be ordering from them again.Meals are more expensive and less portioned.  They put everything in boxes making the sauce drip out leaving a mess.  Tin foil!! C'mon.  
No Chinese cookies???? What the eff? Not cool! 
I prefer Number one Chinese which is nearby J C.  I feel disappointed... In myself for letting my girlfriend order.My favourite place to order from for Chinese food on the late night never a disappointment always love their food I also grew up eating it when I was a kid and my mom and dad would order everything lolStill some of the best,but, they are pricy for what you get. Though, it definitely is quality. 
And yes, it is run by Americans who happen to be very good family friends.It only gets one star because our waitress was nice. The food is disgusting. Salty and not even real Chinese food. And they have nerve to be at a higher price point then the average Chinese restaurant. Not to mention you have to walk through the long bar to enter the lounge. Wonderful when you have kids. We were the only ones in there and she sat us in the corner by the back door. It was a tight fit. The restaurant part is huge and empty and we were sat in the smallest part. The noodles were dry, the appetizers were old, food is salty, and the chicken and broccoli is chicken roll sliced down in chicken gravy. Disgusting!If I could give 0 stars I would. This food was absolutely horrible. The chicken was gray. The crab rangoons were cold. The sweet and sour chicken was gross. Never coming back. The health dept should shut this place down. Seriously.J.C. chinese is so ridiculously weird. i have no idea what the hell goes in that building - it's absolutely huge and when you walk in, there's just a small bar area with a couple of the shadiest guys you've ever seen and...that's it. 
in terms of food - it's really, really awful. everything looks exactly the same (gelatinous/brown/indescribable lumps thrown over rice). you'd do much better ordering from jade garden on passyunk. 
they do sell shitty beer, and it's pretty cheap. in case you're into that thing.Ok so i went in to order and all u see is a small bar with drunk people. It was really wierd and the drunk made u feel reallly uncomfortable.. food was nasty.. idk how they are still open..Don't bother. The food is pretty bland. The place is weird. A huge building. A bar room that's no longer used -- and usually empty except for one or two guys. An in-door take-out window that looks like it belongs in a ghetto.I grew up in South Philly and have eaten JC's food many, many times and always enjoyed whatever I had. JC had such a great reputation. Wow what a huge disappointment Friday night.  My boyfriend's General Tso's was delivered in a container swimming in dark brown sauce. It looked like a container of soup. For over $11 you get no fried rice and no egg roll. Just the chicken and white rice. My scallops and Chinese vegetables was in some weird light brown gooey sauce, and there was no broccoli at all. The topper was the crab rangoon. They were hollow shells with a smear of cream cheese And crab inside! NEVER again.Complete joke. 
The owners are Italian/American and they probably don't have Asian cooks. 
Don't bother with this one unless you want to throw money away.Awful experience. The woman that answers the phone is incredibly rude. Won't ever order from there again.This place sucks. Their prices are sky high and their chicken and brocoli tastes like turkey with gravy and brocoli straight out of a banquet meal. Don't order from here it's straight garbageJC used to be the best Chinese food outside of China town  I was living across country a few years ago and when home for a visit had to order and it wasn't the same. Fast forward I'm back living in philly and decided to give them another shot. It was a long wait and expensive but I wouldn't even care if it were good. It was horrible  couldn't even finish my meal. Not only bland but just didn't taste good. Worst Chinese I've ever had and I spent 4 years living in WA state which held that record before today if I could give negative stars I would.How is this place still in business?
If you like the feeling of dry heaving after eating some nasty ass food, then you've come to the right place... I guess, I know what the J.C. stands for "Just Crap". 
Listen, any review that has more than one star is complete bullshit and most likely friends of the owner.Tried  and ordering on a friday night, but  rings twice and then hangs up!!strange?? I wonder if it has to do with the current pandemic were havingWe ordered from here because most of the places we usually order from were closed for 'pandemic 2020',so we opted for here on previous reputation. Unfortunately it's not what it used to be. It was pricier than most other places but it was bigger portions,however it was kind of bland and dry. The chicken looked more normal than most chinese places but it was also dry. Maybe because they don't use all the oils that most places use.Ordered on recommendation of my sister. We ordered vegetable Lo mein won ton soup, general jc chicken which is really general tsao chicken, (asked for them to not make it too hot)and shrimp with Chinese vegetables.  I was warned that they were slammed and delivery would take time.  Guess I didn't expect to wait 90 minutes but we were warned.  When the food finally arrived they sent the wrong meal for my sister .  Got pork fried rice NOT Lo mein.  My sis was there when I called the order and  and clearly heard me say vegetable Lo mein.  General  jc chicken was  very spicy.  I am able to ask for less peppers at other places.  The container even said "hot" on it. the shrimp was bland and  in a gelatinous sauce because it was cool. Only saving grace was the soup. We called to let them know about the mix up with the Lo mein, but we were not willing to wait 90 minutes for the correct meal.  Hope we  have a chance to try them again but honestly with so much competition, probably not.Omg terrible food high prices & ugly atmosphere stay away do yourself a favor ""yuck""!!!!
They were on restaurant redemption for a reason believe me.WOW. The WORST Chinese food I've ever had. It's really weird how bad it is. Italians are good at cooking, so these just happen to be some Paesano culinary rejects who couldn't figure out how to make eggplant parm, so they decided to try making lo-mein. 
I don't know if these people have ever had Chinese food. I knew I was in trouble when the woman on the phone had a Philly accent and there was no noise in the background.
I would rather become a hipster and eat out of dumpsters than order from this place again. 
Crab Rangoons are a food that have basically no standard. They are virtually the same at every Chinese joint in the world...except for J C. Here, they are doughy and tough to chew, with a clump of old-bay seasoned cow secretions. How do you ruin a food that's already so shitty yet easy to make? JC has the secret.
For the main course, I had (or was supposed to have) Kung Pao shrimp. Long story short, I was literally just vegetables in brown oil. No, seriously. There were 3 pieces of shrimp, and no spice. Just brown, flavorless oil. It was inedible and made me want to hit someone's face (JC's). 
These two items cost me $17. Yup. This place charges about 5 dollars more per item than any other place in Philly, and I would rather have an Asian spit in my mouth because at least it would be authentic. 
I KNOW YOU ARE HUNGRY AND THEY ARE OPEN, BUT DON'T DO IT!The owner treats his workers like trash watch the south philly review folks he always ask for drivers and kitchen help. WHY because he is cheap pays only $20 for 9 hours takes half of delivery charge. I know from friend who worked there. 
Kitchen help is not enough to handle a large rush of orders if you order when 7 others order at same time your not getting your food delivered within an hour. It might be 2 hours and that's Ridiculous.
Food is average and way over priced your better off ordering from other chinese restaurants . Good Flavor is one that been around for over a decade and Happy Dragon also.
Aint ordering no food from here ever again. Last order took 1 hour and 25 mins  that was 2 years ago. 
I talk to others here in my neighborhood same complaints ............ 
Wake up JC's we are wise to you .Great local Chinese restaurant, their roasted pork lomein is a must try.
I've been their regular takeout customer since I moved in Philly last November, was welcomed with nice people and good food, You cannot go wrong with this place.
Sometimes it take a while for the order but it's understandable, they're kinda short of staff.I was extremely disappointed with the food quality and the lack of cooperation when I complained with the order 
They seemed not to care at all
I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone 
A real disgraceThis place is just terrible. My wife has already written a review so there is not a whole lot I can add. As she said we ordered from here in the past and it was okay, but last night was awful. First off I paid 34 dollars for food that was worse than the stuff that is sold from the carts in center city. (I would have paid less at the carts) Second, the woman who took my order on the phone was completely rude and seemed as if taking my order was a burden. 
I ordered Garlic Chicken and my wife ordered Shrimp with Tofu. My wife loves Tofu and figured her order would be a safe bet. My wife's food was bathed in sauce as was mine the food lacked any flavor other than that of the sauce that probably came from an industrial sized Kikkomen container. The spare ribs were tasteless and for the most part meatless. The shrimp toast was soaked with so much deep fryer grease that I probably should take an extra Crestor just to counteract the effects. 
I am actually not sure if the people who run this place are actually Chinese. I have read some where else that it is an American run Chinese restaurant but I cannot confirm this. (This reminds me of that scene in Rush Hour 2 with Don Cheadle) However if this is the case it would explain why the food is so poor. 
All in all if we decide on Chinese food late at night I think I will take a pass on JC and have a Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich instead.Years ago I used to order from JC's it was one of the best for chinese food. Last evening my children and I wanted the taste of good chinese food so we for ego our ordinary takeout place and ordered take out from JC. 
The food was horrible. I paid $35 for 3 containers of food we could barely recognize. The beef and mushrooms looked like a carton for brown slop with mushrooms, the chicken in garlic sauce was so dark we thought it was the beef and the sweet and sour shrimp was already in the sauce so it was just a soggy mess. Oh and i guess to save money we only got one qt of rice to go with our food. But they managed to splurge on the 3 packs of soy sauce, 3 packs of duck sauce and 3 packs of mustard to go with each qt of food I ordered. 
I told my daughters we will never be ordering from them again. And I wouldn't recommend anyone else eating there eitherListen, this is your future self speaking. I realize how hungry you are right now to be sitting there skimming random reviews of chinese take out food. I was you an hour ago. You see all the bad reviews. You think it can't be that bad it's just some damn late nite chinese food. I'm telling you it's really, really, that bad. You won't be able to stomach more than three bites. The rest will be in your trashcan stinking up the place all night. I know you're crazy hungry and want to order food. But not this, anything but this. Good Luck.Haha I love the bad reviews; this just proves my sneaking suspicion that I and the general public have different tastes.. I loved this spot, small cozy dinning room that makes you think its the Eisenhower days.. good food, no obnoxious waiters that wana ask your life story while you're just trying to eat and chill.. this place is so quintesentially south philly that it's painful not to like it.. prices aren't that bad.. you yelp guys are pretty cheap man its 2013 and its called INFLATION.. besides I'd pay more just for the nostalgia and the fact that I'm not ordering through plexi-glass like my other two neighborhood chinese restaurants.. the whole "chinese restaurant that doubles as a 7-11 and is baracaded by bullet-proof glass" gets a little too ghetto even by my standards ;).. so right on JC's let them all hate, they are stupid.Ok some of these reviews are making me want to throw hands... I can only speak from experience and this place is always on point. I mean I literally tell people about it and try to explain it and can't. Let's skip the atmosphere and south Philly attitude because deep down these people are always on point and kind to me and my crew when we go in. I'm going to name three things I get and leave it at that because that's all i know about. Their crab ragoons are probably the best crab ragoons in the east coast... that's not favoritism either I don't know these people from a can of paint. Their chicken wings... crispy perfect little wings tossed in this molasses based sauce which is a pain in the balls to clean but holy s**** is it worth it. Last but not least... their dumpling soup. I love this place and I will go every time I am in Philly.I wish I had food to complain about but stayed in the dining room for an hour and no one came in to check up on us. Not even for water.Ordered from here because my usual place is closed due to covid. Probably the worst Chinese I've ever had unfortunately and 100% regret it. The beef with broccoli tasted like it was cooked in a jar of turkey gravy.Honestly I don't get some of these bad reviews. 
I've eaten food from this restaurant since I was a kid and always been delicious and nice portions.Absolute garbage.  It's up forever to get here I wouldn't extra meat and it did not come and the portion alone was too small and taste  horrible  I wouldn't even bother with this place I know I will never order from here again