Service was good. Calamari/jalapeños/carrots were good, but rather greasy. Lava sauce was good.Private party upstairs - terrific buffet: bbq pork sliders, hamburgers, salmon and rice, salad, biscuits, bbq thighs, fruit salad. 
Bar area downstairs: welcoming wood paneling, super large sculling boat above bar, fun large brass fixtures.
Staffing was good. Sincere efforts from wait staff to kitchen staffAwesome setting with a really unique interior and open air dining. 
The menu describes the dishes a bit too well--they are not as good as you might think by reading the description. It is also pretty expensive for the food quality, but I guess that you are paying for the ambiance. 
I had the calamari, described in another review, and found it to be pretty good. It had fried carrot strips I think, in addition to jalapenos and calamari. My spinach salad was pretty basic but not bad at all.Stopped in Sunday afternoon after a freezing visit to ESP, which is across the road. Was packed with (family) brunch/lunchers and peeps carbo-loading after the marathon.
Great cosy, atmosphere in a re-purposed firehouse.
Large plate with a Philly cheesesteak and fries later I was very satisfied. Cheesesteak was great but the (in-house produced) fries really impressed me.
My partner had a salad with chicken. Large portion and the chicken had a lovely smoked flavour. Slightly pricey but the size of the portions made up for that.
Glad we came...see u again.This converted firehouse is so cool!! I love how the restaurant is set up and our waiter was so friendly and attentive :) we stopped here after going to the Eastern State Penitentiary for a quick snack and got a few appetizers. The mussels and the Brussel sprouts were super delicious!!! Def recommend you stop by Jack's after the tours and grab a bite :)Not a great experience. We sat on the patio which was a nice touch on a beautiful day, however the food was not good. My pancakes were incredibly dense and the sausages were fried so long that they resembled taquitos. My partners breakfast quesadilla was not good either and left him feeling queasy. My mojito was also not very good and tasted mainly of club soda. 
The one bright spot of the meal were the biscuits and sour cherries served prior to the arrival of the food. They were in fact very good. Overall I would not recommend this spot to a friend.Bad service and bad food. My boyfriend and I went here for a late lunch early dinner. We love food and to eat out. Not only was the food bad but so was the service. Our waitress was clearly not interested in what we ordered, got our drink orders wrong and didn't offer to exchange for what was actually ordered. On the menu they say they work with local ingredients. There's no way they're doing this and the product advertised on the menu is not what we received. The appetizers came and the soup was cold and clearly frozen not made with local ingredients. When our entree came my crab cake sandwich was so fishy and fell apart instantly. My boyfriend's fish was advertised as a pecan encrusted fish with basil aioli. Not only was the fish not cooked with pecans, but it came with no aioli. My boyfriend had to ask for it on the side. I've never had such a bad meal in Philadelphia.Great service. Interesting building. But the food is mediocre and SERIOUSLY overpriced. It's a tourist trap preying off people going to the E State Pen across the street. The ribs were good, but the pulled pork and other BBQ were subpar, the biscuits were dense and flavorless, and the veggie sides were overlooked and tasteless. $3 coke was an insult. There are many better options within walking distance. Don't waste your money.We went to Jacks on a date night with another couple. We went early evening after work and got a nice table outside. We ordered the BBQ Platter for the four of us. It was plenty of food and it was all very tasty! For $37.95 you get fries, chips, pulled pork, ribs, and I think there was some brisket in there. Very satisfying and hit the spot for all of us! Nice service and a nice atmosphere as well.Recent resident of Fairmount and couldn't ask for a friendlier local restaurant and bar. The bartenders are the friendliest, yet most professional I've met. They have excellent local beers, an endless supply of quality liquors all served in a classy yet rustic setting. The food is good and always served with a smile. The cookies can't be beat and only add to the care with which Jack's treats its customers.Came to Jack's for a surprise birthday dinner. Our waitress was especially patient given that it was a gorgeous Friday night and we took up two large outdoor tables for quite a while because several members of our party were 1+ hours late for the reservation. The food itself was mediocre. The smoked brisket sandwich was very tough and salty and the bread tasted freezer burned. Fries were really good, as was the seitan salad. The complimentary biscuits and cornbread were a nice touch, as were the chocolate chip cookies at the end of our meal. The outdoor space is pretty also. It was a decent spot, but I certainly wouldn't run back for the food.I visited in October. i have to give it 4 stars because of the service. I arrived about 40 minutes before my party and was prepared to sit awkwardly at the bar and drink a beer. The bartender was very polite and actually described the beers I had questions about besides the normal, "Uh....it's an IPA" that you get from most Philly bars. She was sweet and saved me a table outside. The restaurant itself is very inviting. The doors are open and there's just something cool about having a table half outside and half inside. I ordered a burger, it tasted like a burger but it was the little extras that made the meal special. They brought out a little mixture of breads with spreads and even some tiny desserts. I was never looking around for a server and everyone was so sweet. If you want a nice dinner in a cool place with polite servers go here! :)Great Menu, and thats where it ends.  They havent invested a dime into the building, the bathrooms are gross and the place feels sticky.  Then we move the menu.  Looks good, but they cannot execute.  Started with the BBQ sampler.  OMG, smallest portions, cold, and tasted like it was nuked.  The brisket was closer to beef jerkey, the rib was burnt, and the pulled pork was tasteless.  I will give kudos to their bisquits.  Moving on to the Portabello sandwich, we start with a roll so hard you bang a nail, followed by one slice of immature tomato, a slice of cheese, a dollup of pesto (come on guys, spread it on the bread) and two paper thin slices of overly salty portabello. So thin we picked it up and were able to tear it like a napkin.  
Conclusion: this kitchen cannot execute, clearly is not managed properly and the food quality over the years has dropped.  This meal was so bad, words dont do it justice on how bad it was.  Ambience and location only get you so far, this place is dirty, decrepit and old and they have not reinvested into the building, the food or the staff.  SAVE YOUR MONEY, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!I wanted to give this two stars, but the pulled pork kicked it up a notch. Then I wanted to give it four stars, but the service stopped me from doing so. Here's the lowdown:
1) The atmosphere is great.  Love the old firehouse memorabilia and the old-timey saloon feel. It's s nice touch.
2) The food varied. It depends what you get and when you come. We came for a Sunday lunch and the menu was limited.  My boyfriend got the pulled pork sandwich and I was jealous I didn't order it once I took a bite.  It was smokey and succulent.  Unfortunately, I ordered the pecan crusted catfish sandwich. The fish had no flavor and the bread was so rough and dry, that I had to ask for mayo to salvage it. I definitely don't recommend it.  And the buttercake was so sickeningly sweet, I couldn't take more than one bite.
3) The service was pretty awful. They seemed understaffed and we were the only other party besides a 20 person family reunion, so maybe all the servers were attending to them.  When the party left, however, we seemed to be the only people left in the restaurant, yet we still needed to flail our arms to get attention. Our original server (who took our drink orders) was in a sour mood. After waiting nearly twenty minutes for our drinks, she finally sent another server to our table to take care of us, who was most likely a trainee cause she couldn't answer any questions we had. Refills of water were minimal and my dry sandwich without a drink really made it an unpleasant experience. 
I'd go back for the pulled pork and the bar, but that's it.Toured Eastern Penetentiary and stopped here for lunch.  A cute restaurant housed in a former firehouse.  Loved our apple/pecan salads and crabcakes.  Nice touch to serve complementary biscuits with sour cherries and cookies on the house.So disappointed!  We returned 3 entrees and one appetizer. Waitstaff was a bit overwhelmed as there was a street festival. But there were open tables. 
Best part was the hostess who promptly whisked away our entrees and took them off the bill. 
Escargot was either missing from the shells or so small that we couldn't see them. We would have needed a hammer or some tool to extract anything in there. Returned. 
Steak and crab cake was cooked perfectly but covered in a wine sauce that was over salted and inedible. Returned. 
Pork chop over cooked and dry. Returned. 
Risotto was a flavorless bowl of red mush. Returned. 
We tipped on the full amount of the bill.I thought this was going to be a tourist spot since it was across from the Eastern State Penitentiary museum. I fought my gf claiming that it's going to be over priced and bad food. I'm happy to say, I was definitely wrong! although a little pricey,  the food was amazing and worth every pennie!!
It's Vegan and Vegetarian friendly. A+ Best salad EVER! 
My gf, an annoyingly picky eater, had the steak. when i asked her how it was her reply was "I want to move down here so we can become regulars at this place"
The service was great. I asked the bartender a million questions and he not only always replied with a smile but he was also very knowledgeable about food and drinks 
This place get's a millions likes!!!Two of us stumbled upon this spot while walking around the area on a nice day. We sat outside, our waitress was great and the food was awesome.  We had a couple of drinks and the pork tortilla chips (which were spectacular!) to start. I craved them the next day. Then we had the special of the day, which was fish and chips and a salad.  
Overall, cool bar, nice atmosphere with great service and food!A nice place to duck in for a drink before embracing the cold and going on the tour at Eastern State Penn. My friends greatly enjoyed their bloody marys and I really liked my beer. Nothing special about the place and the bartender wasn't overly friendly.
If you're going on a tour of Eastern State and you've got some time to waste, come to Jack's Firehouse for a pint or 7.I came here after doing a tour of the penitentiary. We were hungry for lunch and Jack's was conveniently located. The inside decor was quirky but fine. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich which honestly seemed like it came out of a can. The meat was mushy and there were no large chunks. Also no barbecue sauce provided but it was mushy enough that when you bit into it, juice would pour out. It was the pulled pork equivalent of a sloppy joe. No ranch served here which surprised me. If you order a coke or Diet Coke it comes in a tiny glass bottle, so no refills (and overpriced). They give you corn bread and biscuits before your mail but they were both dry. My sister ordered a side salad with her sandwich and they put it on the same plate. She complained that the salad was warm - not sure if it's because the plate was hot or because they had the whole thing sitting under the warmer. Service was okay but our bills were mixed up when it was time to pay.Good weekend brunch on our way into Eastern State Penitentiary.  Bread plate to start was delicious with their homemade corn muffins, buttermilk biscuits, and banana bread.  The cherry spread was amazing!!  The food took a bit long but the restaurant was crowded so I give the staff lots of credit that our orders were all correct.  The wait staff was great, refilling our drinks and making sure we were happy.  Brunch was delicious and the complimentary chocolate chip and pecan cookies were the perfect sweet treat to end our meal.First of all, I don't understand why other reviews don't mention the fact that warm cookies are served at the end of your meal...for free...without asking...even if you eat at the bar! 
Anyways, I've been here a few times, and haven't had a negative experience. The food is reasonably priced and delicious! The service is not bad either. I only give it four stars because   there's nothing mind-blowing about it. It's just good American pub food.This is one of my favorite restaurants! My favorite is the pecan encrusted catfish sandwich, yum!!! The bartenders are incredible. Eat here!A very happy find, recommended by some locals we had just met. Wonderful Old Fire Station, great ambience, very clean, very gracious wait staff.
Ordered the Roasted Chicken Breast with Bacon Mac & Cheese and Mushroom Sauce. Chicken had a perfectly crisped skin and succulent, moist flavorful flesh. It was surrounded by a tasty dark Mushroom sauce, full of flavor, and rich, with overpowering the entree. The Bacon Mac & Cheese was one of the best I've ever had. Again, the bacon was a piece of the flavor, not dominating, and something else special was in the mix. A very complex flavoring for an otherwise "simple' American Favorite. Guests with me tried the ribs and the pork loin and without providing details, all were greatly satisified.I was in the hood and went here for a spontaneous brunch date a few weekends ago, after having a decent time there once before. It is often crowded, which I took as a good sign, but there was hardly anybody there for brunch. 
Our waitress was cordial enough, though not what I would call friendly. I had to beg for a coffee refill. And my food was beyond disappointing. I ordered one of the specials she told us about, a "salmon, asparagus, and tomato frittata." When it came, it was a plate-sized disc of overcooked egg with nothing in it, with a sparse handful of unseasoned, overcooked salmon, asparagus, and grape tomatoes on top. I'm no chef but I'm pretty sure there's no way that qualifies as a frittata... open faced omelet maybe? And I wouldn't have cared so much about the terminology if it tasted good. Or tasted like anything. I doused it in salt & pepper but didn't finish it. And I always finish my brunch. Thankfully, my date's fries were tasty, though the portabella on her sandwich could have been cooked a little longer. 
It's a great space, aesthetically. But even if the food had been tastier, it still would have been overpriced for what it was. If you're going to go here, definitely don't go for brunch. Go for drinks and fries, maybe. I want to believe that the crowds of people I often see here in the evenings are not collectively delusional.Excellent cheesesteak and pear/goat cheese salad. Eat outside on a nice day!We had mediocre food, and there were a ton of mice.  Told the hostess as we left, and there was no compensation- even as she saw a mouse in distance.  
Called back and luckily got the owner, Mick.  Told him about the issue and all I got in return was a question if I went there a lot.  Really disappointed.Ate here because it's across from Eastern State Penitentiary and had good Yelp reviews. Service was excellent. The starter biscuits with cherry compote, and the little dessert cookies, were clearly scratch-made and excellent. Our salads were great.This was a perfect lunch spot after the art museum. The open air seating faces the Penitentiary and the nearby bar area has a cool vibe with re-purposed firehouse decor. The service was quick and friendly. The complimentary biscuits are fantastic-  warm, fresh, and served with a unique sour cherry compote. They also gave us complimentary pecan choc chip cookies which were also warm and delicious.  We order the pulled pork sandwich and anjou pear salad with feta and champagne dressing with grilled shrimp, both were awesome. Portions were huge, so the prices were very reasonable. 
Would absolutely recommend this place!Friendly bartenders.  Great drinks.  Not too loud.  Comfortable and laid back.  Great place to hangout.This was a last minute decision by myself and fiancé because it was about to pour outside and we were starving. Worst decision ever. This has to be the worst place in the neighborhood. Sorry to say it. We've never been disappointed by a restaurant on Fairmount Ave before. Service was slow, the bread tasted like it was frozen and reheated, my fiancés brisket was soaked in BBQ sauce to hide that it was actually beef jerky from a bag and last but not least we saw a mouse. I get that the front of the restaurant is completely open but.... it was just the icing on the cake.Wow, what a colossal disappointment. The wife and I walked over after a tour at the Eastern State Penitentiary. 
Pros:
Nice atmosphere and nice waitress. That is it.
Cons:
Complimentary Biscuits - Dry
Calamari Appetizer- Super Greasy 
Ribs - Overly Salty and sauce is forgettable. Ate one rib...blecch
Garden Salad & Shrimp App - Bland
Complimentary Cookies - Even these were bad! How do you mess up a COOKIE!!!
Left the server a nice tip because it was not her fault, but would not recommend and would never return. Too many great restaurants in Philly to waste time here@The meal would have been ok if it was opening night for the place.  They tried really hard but nothing seemed to be executed well.  
My chicken would have been delicious if it wasn't raw in the middle. My mac and cheese would have been perfect if it had spent a little more time in the oven or in the pan thickening up.  Even the apple crisp was under cooked!There are few places in this city with such lousy service. It was so hot outside and they didn't even have an umbrella for us. When asked, they promised to move one for us, then continued to ignore us until the server FINALLY came back only to tell us that it had been given to someone else. Service was so bad, I would never come back. Food I guess was okay.We hosted a private event at Jack's Firehouse for around 30 people and everything was seamless. The service, food - both in terms of quantity and quality - were fantastic. Honestly, I don't remember when I've had better service and I have to host private parties pretty regularly. Everyone was thrilled with the experience.
If you have a private event to host, I would absolutely recommend Jack's!Good service,  good drinks, great food. I had the brisket sandwich which was amazing. I had the almond toffee cake for dessert but honestly I'd skip that next time and eat more brisket. We went on a Friday so it was crowded but only a 20 min wait or so. We weren't particular about sitting in or outside but if you have a preference,  get there early.Very good bar menu prices and tasty food.  One of my local favorites.  Try the cheesesteak or pulled pork sandwich.After visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary my husband and I stopped here for lunch, it's apparently an old firehouse (hence the name) with awesome seating along the side and in front of the restaurant, as walk-ins on a clear & sunny day there was obviously no outdoor seating available but she took our name and about 10 minutes later we were seated! We started with a cocktail and the calamari, it was good, I prefer my calamari with jalepeños which is how it was served so that was perf, I also prefer aioli as a dipping sauce over marinara so that was a win too! After the calamari we were given biscuits & mini corn bread muffins with cherries and margarine, I could've passed on this because it ended up being an odd mix, the cherries and sauce were a bit too watery to spread over the biscuits, butter would have been better than the margarine as the biscuits and muffins weren't warm enough to melt it, beside, when it comes down to it, the old saying is "bread and butter" not "bread margarine" For my entree I had the NY Strip with spinach, it was very flavorful and as tender as a strip can and should be, my husband had the buffalo medallions which he said were also very flavorful, our super sweet waitress made sure to let us know that our wait was a little long because my steak had initially been over cooked so they prepared another, many thanks for not sending it out overcooked to see if it would fly, but sadly my husbands medallions (which she suggested medium rare for a temperature) were well done, maybe they sat under a lamp while waiting for my steak?! We were also served complimentary mashed potatoes & collard greens and let-me-tell-you, those greens were SAYING SOMETHING!...in other words, they were freggin' delish and this black girl knows her greens!! I like it here and I look forward to coming back, the food was really good, the service was excellent and with a varietal menu like theirs, I certainly recommend!I've been dying to try Jack's. Whenever I drive down Fairmount Ave, it's always popping off. I love the aesthetic - there's a plethora of outdoor seating and the indoor seating is in an open garage. It's v cool. 
I came here for brunch with a large group. Made a rezzy on Open Table. Thank god they're on open table, am I right? 
The food was decent. I think I ordered wrong. I got the breakfast quesadillas and they were super bland. There was nothing on the menu that sparked my interest, though. (I was looking at the brunch options). I typically get the eggs benny, but the one on their menu had steak filet?! Ugh, not my cup of tea. Also we got butter croissants and corn bread that were complimentary but stale as hell. Bummer. Others in my party really loved their meals, which made me jealous. 
The cocktails were good...they were strong and reasonably priced. The staff was also great. Our waitress was lovely. I will be back definitely, but I'll be ordering something diff. 
Jack's is a neighborhood gem, so if you live in the area I recommend a pop in.Worst $100 meal I have ever had in the city.  Our sides of Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes were cold, the entrees were tiny for mid 20$ entrees and the filet was over cooked and tasteless.  Couldn't tell if the ribs were undercooked or simply not cooked slow enough but could barely get the meat off the bones.  They certainly weren't worth the time invested.
Appetizer was supposed the be brisket but was so heavily flooded in BBQ sauce it could have been lunch meat for all I know.
Only redeeming quality was that the waitress was knowledgable and attentive.
Not sure how they stay in business with so many other better options.After visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary across the street we were trying to find a late lunch (About 3:40ish) and it seemed like everywhere we stopped nearby before Jack's was in a state between "brunch" and "dinner" where they were not serving food. 
This was a lost concept on me. I didn't care about brunch or dinner. We just wanted food because we were starving! Finally we came across Jack's while searching on Yelp. Being from the south, when I saw BBQ I expected a menu consisting of different varieties of meat platters like brisket, ribs, etc. It was a bit different and fancier (tablecloths and all!) but it was nicely decorated and smelled good.
When we walked in to get a table they asked if we had reservations. (Oh crap we thought) But there was an open table and they sat us down. The soup of the day was a shrimp bisque. That was delicious!
Before our delicious (and perfectly cooked) fried calamari  came out, they brought us a complimentary biscuit and cornbread with butter and cherry preserves(?).
My wife got the potato crusted salmon which was really good. I (regrettably did not get the chicken breast with bacon Mac and cheese) got the burger and fries. About an average burger if I'm being honest but I mean that's my fault since there was a full menu of better things. The fries were really good though.
We were too full for dessert, but the server brought us a couple of complimentary chocolate chip-pecan cookies with our check.
Very great service and was highly appreciated.Recent resident of Fairmount and couldn't ask for a friendlier local restaurant and bar. The bartenders are the friendliest, yet most professional I've met. They have excellent local beers, an endless supply of quality liquors all served in a classy yet rustic setting. The food is good and always served with a smile. The cookies can't be beat and only add to the care with which Jack's treats its customers.Jack's is a solid establishment.  This has been a local favorite for many years and I have always relied in this as my 'go-to' first date place & just 'chill-out' place after movies or plays.  
The bartenders are usually friendly enough & the waitstaff are attentive and response to requests.  The food is average--nothing jumps out as spectacular, but that's ok because it consistently delivers on most menu items.
If you haven't gone--give Jack's a try, I'm sure you'll come away a satisfied customer.So sorry Jack but tonight was very disappointing.  Food was mediocre at best...service was not good at all!  My husband ordered his steak Medium Rare and got a raw steak and then the manager was a bit reluctant to take it off the bill!  Atmosphere is nice but that was the only positiveI recently went here on a visit to the city.  The restaurant was cute and had a nice atmosphere along with outdoor seating.  We decided to sit outside and they said they were about to turn the heating lamps on since it was getting chilly.  The lamps were never turned on even when every single table outside complained and asked them to be on.  Additionally, the waiter then PRETENDED to turn on the lamps and when I complained again that it was cold and when he would be turning them on he responded "When my manager thinks its cold enough." Umm it was cold and every table was complaining.  They need to remember that the customer comes first and that if every table is cold maybe you should turn on the lamps.  I would not return here due to their shady attitude about everything.  Every host and server had a different answer about why the lamps were not on and would get the patio full by telling guests they were on.Great place to grab some drinks and a bite to eat on Fairmount Ave in Philadelphia. This place is super conveniently located if you are going to visit Eastern State Peninentary or the Philadelphia Museum of Art. This restaurant is in an old firehouse which was redone and turned into a great space with super high ceilings. The restaurant has no happy hour specials, but the drinks are very reasonably priced. The menu is American food- the BAR menu is WHERE IT'S AT- lots of great sandwiches and appetizers ranging from about $9-$15. I ordered the Pecan Coated Catfish w/Garlic Aioli. To give my honest opinion, the sandwich was a little dry and bland. I felt it needed more moisture, maybe there just wasn't enough garlic aioli, and I felt that the fish needed more seasoning. Even with that said- I would definitely return and would just try something different off the menu. It was super busy when we were there, yet the service was still fast and efficient. I will DEFINITELY RETURN!!!!I have been to Jack's a number of times, mostly to have a drink at the bar and indulge in the ridiculous goodness that is the pulled pork nachos.  I am super picky about pulled pork and jacks may be my favorite in the city.  a potentially awkward first date on derby day went really right when the bar was packed and we took a seat outside.  instead of just munching nachos we decided to have a meal, we shared and our server, i WISH i remembered his name, brought an extra side and was so sweet about us sharing on a busy saturday night.  now, i lived in the south for a decade and the julep, the greens, the pretty night and the hospitality made for a wonderful evening.  and the warm cookies...Had a wonderful dinner here several weeks back with the family. The food was very good. For appetizers we started with the crab cakes with roasted garlic aioli and pickled beets, Jack's wood smoked beef brisket with caramelized onion slaw and the Columbia with jalapeno chips, carrots and hot lava sauce. It was a bit chilly that night so I enjoyed their New England clam chowder soup. Since I am trying to keep my waistline trim we also enjoyed several salads. We had the organic field greens with fire house dressing, jacks BLT Caesar salad and the apple salad with spiced pecans and apple cider vinaigrette. The entrees is where it became interesting, I enjoyed the Rocky Mountain Buffalo with wild spelt and corn and cranberry ragoul, and other entrees that we ordered consisted of filet mignon with whipped potatoes and demi glace, roasted chicken breast with bacon mac and cheese and mushroom sauce, grilled New York strip steak with caramelized onions, sauteed spinach and gorgonzola butter, potato crust Atlantic salmon stuffed with crabmeat and spicy tomato sauce and of course we all had to try Jack's tongue smacking ribs with firehouse fries. Overall the food was excellent although I must say that everything was a little bit hot on the spicy side for my taste buds but my sons totally love the hot spices so they really enjoyed themselves. For dessert the young ladies in my family enjoyed jacks triple layer chocolate fudge cake and the men switched it over a 180° from hot and spicy to totally sweet by enjoying the cheesecake, toffee  crunch butter cake, chocolate hazelnut bread pudding and finally the chocolate chip pecan pie. We had a traffic time and everyone enjoyed themselves. I would highly recommend you give them a try.A friend and I went here for dinner a couple of Friday's ago.  She got the grilled portobella mushroom sandwich and enjoyed it and I enjoyed my apple salad with pecans and champagne vinaigrette.  They give nice sized portions, I took half my salad home with me.  The service is always on point and they are always very accomadating.  
We were in over the summer with a big party, last minute joiners, and they allowed us to move to a bigger table with no issues.I had brunch here a long time ago that was pretty good, but recently on a Saturday night I was unimpressed.  It seemed like there were a lot of regulars so maybe I was missing something.  The bartenders were friendly, and the drafts were pretty good.  The taps are awesome, some kind of old fire canisters.  There weren't very many people there, and it was kind of an interesting crowd, pretty diverse group.  Not sure I'd go back, but its nice that there are a few options in that area of Fairmount.Jack's Firehouse is great.  This is now a tradition for my family and I to eat here after the Philadelphia Marathon.  This IS our post-race meal and drink restaurant.  They serve great drinks and food here.  I recommend starting with the calamari and every entre is fantastic.  I'm a huge fan!Four stars it is for a casual place with consistently good food for like 10 or more years. I find myself in Philly fairly often and have been here 7 or more times ever since Jack was on the food network with Bobby Flay. Today, four of us came in for brunch and had a really great meal. There were some flaws. Food could have been hotter and one guest said the salsa was just OK. Filet Mignon Benedict was VERY good but the egg yolks slipped off the muffins which made for a sloppy presentation. And, the dish was too cool. 
Two meals had awesome breakfast potatoes though. Holy smokes were they good. Likewise for the blueberry pancakes. Omelette and quesadilla was also very good. Chips with pulled pork was super delicious. 
Ambiance and service are very cool. Prices are reasonable too. This is a nice family place that also serves singles and couples. Great neighborhood joint.My husband, son (a Temple student), and I wandered into Jack's today after visiting the Impressionist exhibit at the PMA. We had no expectations, whatsoever, but it was convenient and had attractive outdoor seating. We were delighted with everything about it. The complimentary muffins and biscuits were fresh and delicious, with a tart cherry preserve on the side. My catfish sandwich was perfectly prepared, and the fries were delicious. My sons BBQ platter had him practically purring with delight, and my husband said the smoked-chicken salad sandwich was terrific. I ordered a Virgin Mary, which was flawlessly seasoned. They gave us free iced tea refills, and complimentary cookies (pecan-chocolate chip) at the end. The outdoor terrace was quite pleasant on a hot afternoon. We had a large table to ourselves, but they are set up to be "family-style" picnic tables, which diners might share with strangers. Our service was prompt and cheerful, and the prices were reasonable.Fantastic Philly Cheesesteak! I will be back! The cookies they give you with the check is freaking amazing too! Good and service was outstanding all around! I sat at the bar and had Matt serve me! He was great! I can't wait to come back!!!Sat at the bar with a view out to the street..great people watching!!  Crab cake with lava sauce was divine-- side of fries were good.  Hubs raved about his clam chowder.  Included a side of corn bread with cherries and butter then two small choc chip cookies for dessert.  Two beers...reasonable fun outing!!Walking around the streets with friends, we come across Jack's Firehouse and were drawn to it because of it's firehouse turned restaurant set up right across the Penitentiary. The bar in the center of the restaurant was packed so we asked for a table outside. I ordered a mojito which had a little too much lime and wasn't too enjoyable for me. I also ordered the Portabella sandwich which wasn't too bad, but I guess I expected the buns to be toasted but they weren't. Prices were decent for a bar and grill type of restaurant. Our waitress kept asking us "how does that look?" right when drinks and food came out as oppose to "how does everyone everything taste?" when we got the chance to actually taste it...That was odd to me...but overall, wait staff was attentive. Parking is on the street and they take credit cards. Don't think there was a credit limit. This place was okay... Not sure I'd come here again though...This place is a little dirty. There was stuff floating my water and hair in my food. The food was just ok. I probably wouldn't go back here again.My wife's soup, bean with Ham, was kind of off flavored- not recommended. It was a bit slow. My beer was disappointing but the burger was pretty good. Well done when I ordered medium well.  Good location across from Eastern State penitentiary.The location is great, the place has a look that few can compete with, but I've gotta say, the service is about as poor as I've had anywhere in Philadelphia. I can't begin to explain how many frustrating experiences I've had at jacks, waiting forever to be served a relatively overpriced lager when there's 2-3 other great spots in Fairmount. Food is okay, and if it's a slow night things get better, but safe to say not a favorite place of minePulled pork with chips. Fantastic. Killer brisket and burger. Free biscuits, corn bread and chocolate cookies priceless !!!!
Awesome bar staff.The food is not worth the cost;  The chicken is dry, the breakfast quesadillas are palpable, the bbq isn't the best I've had in the city so I'm astonished by the reviews. The drinks are over priced. Also during the busy season due to their location being across from ESP pay attention to your bill. They charged for extra beverages that we did not order.Came here today with my boyfriend.  We went to the art museum and this was just a short walk away.  He got the Philly cheesesteak with peppers and onions and he was obsessed.  I got the pecan crusted catfish sandwich and that was really good also.  The portions are huge so you definitely get what you pay for.  They bring out yummy biscuits with sour cherries before the meal.  The biscuits were really yummy but I'm allergic to cherries so I couldn't try them but the boyfriend said they were really yummy.  Lastly, they brought out chocolate chip and pecan cookies for a little after meal sweet and they were to die for.  Our waiter was super friendly.  Overall we really enjoyed ourselves and if we're ever in the Philly area again we'll probably be back.First time at Jack's firehouse last night. I had high hopes when I first arrived - it looked like a cool place. However, not only did my waitress spill my own glass of water on my lap, but as we were paying the bill a mouse practically ran over our feet. When we alerted the GM he told us "it happens when they leave the doors open." The food was subpar for the price being charged, our waitress even committed on how 'pathetic' the asparagus on my plate looked. Overall, I was not impressed.Went to Jack's for lunch with a few friends. I had a BBQ pork sandwich and it was okay - certainly nothing to complain about or to write home about, for that matter, but I've been spoiled by a place called Fat Jack's which has the best BBQ in the area. Based on the taste of the food, I would give this place 3 stars but I'm bumping it up to 4 because I like the ambiance and the outdoor seating area is nice and shaded. It was an enjoyable experience overall.We popped by here after a tour at the Eastern State Penitentiary. The bar and drinks are top notch. The food was a bit hit or miss. The black-eyed pea soup was delicious. The side dishes (collard greens, mashed potatoes, mac and cheese) were amazing. The meat-- chicken and catfish-- didn't have much flavor. The chicken was a bit dry and the catfish was supposed to be pecan crusted but tasted more like cornmeal crusted. The cookies and butter cake for dessert were yummy. The chocolate martini was awesome. The best thing we ate were the muffins with sour cherries.Came for brunch, horrible service, i had to get my own menu and we had to go to the waitress to order because she didn't come back to the table.*Brunch review*
This place was great! I went here with my (small) family and it was great! The service was good, the host seated us quickly and brought a corn muffin over right away and asked if he could give it to my daughter (smart man knows how to keep toddlers in restaurants happy), the waitress was really great and accommodating and we got a plate of homemade banana bread / corn muffins with home made blackberry jam while we waited - which DID totally overload us with carbs but my daughter LOVED it and it was all really delicious despite being more food then we needed.
 and the real food we actually ordered was great... well most of it... the scrapple was terrible but I'm pretty sure it would be terrible no matter where I had it... I'm not sure why I even ordered it. But the french toast was among the best I've ever had...
And the blueberry pancakeswere good - not life changing, but no complaints.
Also the bloody mary - oh the bloody mary. I think of myself of a little bit of a connoisseur of bloody marys and the ones at this place were AWESOME. I loved mine, and I only ordered it with well vodka.
I do not know about their dinner type menu as we really were eating brunch food - but the brunch was fantastic!
The price was comparable to what I would expect for this type of food in Buffalo, so I'm assuming it was a little low end of this scale for Philly.
Also, they gave us cookies with the check and I should probably not have eaten them, but they were also very home made and delicious... in the end the carb overload worked out ok because we walked around the penitentiary for hours right after and it kept us from getting too hungry too fast - I would definitely recommend brunch here before doing the ESP!Fun bartenders make this Fairmount fixture a fantastic hangout just about any night of the week. The converted firehouse building and fire related decor gives Jack's a unique atmosphere which invites conversation between strangers. For example, the beer taps are fire extinguishers, and they always have a great selection of local brews pouring from them.
While I'm definitely a fan of this as a bar to drink at, the food sometimes leaves something to be desired. It's been so long since I ate there that I can't realistically give details about this other than everything could be better for the price. I'm a big BBQ fan, but perhaps they need some real firemen on site to smoke the meat better or something. It's just OK. Ditto on brunch. The pancakes I had once were dense. How am I supposed to run out and fight fires after such a heavy breakfast? Thumbs up on the bacon though. It was great.
Overall, on a nice spring day when the massive front doors are open, this is a great place to hang with friends, have fun, and meet some neighbors.This is a cool place right across the street from the penitentiary, but that's about it.  
Our waitress was very kind and attentive; the food was terrible. The biscuits and corn muffins were absolutely leftover from the prior day. My girlfriend and I both got hamburgers that were basically charred bricks of meat. The roll wasn't fresh and the presentation was quite odd - lettuce and tomato just thrown on the side of the plate. Was it a salad or meant for the burger?!
It also took way too long to receive the food, despite being one of four occupied tables in the restaurant on a week night.
My recommendation would be to grab a drink here but that's about it.Had the firehouse burger it was amazing !!!Good place but no pickles.... Wtf !!!!! Outside seating is nice n bar menu was great ohh and there biscuits r aweasomeWent to this place for Fairmount Restaurant Week. Food was absolutely excellent! Service was good and very attentive. Got the BLT Caesar Salad, the Ribs, and Apple Crisp with Vanilla Ice Cream for dessert. Everything was delicious, so much so that my facial expressions caused the table next to us to ask what we were eating! For a Restaurant Week deal, portions were extremely generous. Great decor and atmosphere. Would recommend to anyone.The BBQ is hard to beat at Jack's, and for a bite to eat in the Penitentiary area, this place is hard to beat. Keep in mind that the portions are quite large, but everything is delicious. From the complimentary corn muffins and biscuits with delicious, clearly homemade jams to go with right through to the cookies that come with the check, Jack's Firehouse is a great experience.
The prices here are a bit higher than one might expect, but for the area, the flavor, and the portions (not to mention the interesting decorations ie: the crew boat hanging from the ceiling), it really is a good.
Jack's also does a wonderful weekend brunch that I would recommend over any other meal.First time here. Cute concept, a restaurant in an old firehouse, big open doors and outside seating. Had the BLT salad, it was yummy. However, service was super slow and it wasn't all that crowded on a Sunday at 3 pm. It took us 45 minutes from the time we were finished eating to the time we actually got our check, change, and left. I would try this place again, maybe see what it's like at dinner time.Went to Jack's last night for the second time and once again, had a great experience. Because we were part of the Terror Behind the Walls package, you'd expect to be shuffled in and out quick and the prefix menu to be limited at best but once again, they did a fantastic job. Not only do they give you a wonderful meal  that is tasty and very plentiful, they are all so nice there! 
I had the wings and pork loin and the I had the famous Philly Butter Cake as my desert. Yum! After our very relaxing dinner and themed drinks, we were given out tickets to the Penitentiary Event and then PERSONALLY ushered across the street to the main entrance by the Manager! Wow! I sincerely wish I lived closer to Jack's because I would be there often but if you are in town, you gotta check it out! They are running 2 for 2 with me and I highly recommend it.They over charged by $15.00 on a bottle of wine, no AC, food was ok. Service was terrible.This place is cool considering its an old firehouse converted into a restaurant. The food is nothing out of the ordinary. I do recommend their mac n cheese (yes I have an obsession). Our waitress was a bit snobby and the menu is pricey. Enter at your own risk.so disappointed as a resident of fairmount. two bad restaurants on the same street, and i dont know which is worse, jacks or urban saloon.  at least jack's has a good pulled pork sandwich but its not served on a traditional roll!  thats THE ONLY good thing about jacks.. is the pulled pork... lets move on from there...
the service was some of the worst i have ever seen... the plates were DIRTY... I.E. your first clue... you dont want to know whats going on back in the kitchen.  the plates, table cloth, silverware... all dirty... 
went for "brunch" i suppose... they give you these lousy biscuits and muffins.. oh my god, one bite and we all spit them out.. sent them back.. didn't even want them on our table.. dish of watery "marmalade" ... wow.. this was beyond BAD...
a friend got the omelette which was DROWNING in grease, couldn't even eat it.
and the whole time all we wanted was some tea, and we couldnt even get it until we were almost done and ready to leave... the service was INCREDIBLY bad... 
NEVER go here. save your time and money.
it's awful, there's no where good to eat in fairmount :(
if someone can prove me wrong, please do. 
but in the mean time, someone needs to save fairmount from bad food.My friend is a regular here and suggested we meet for a bite once he finished a day of filming some amateur porn parody he's doing for charity.  I figured as long as they had hand soap in the bathroom, sounds good to me.
the food was fairly standard.  pornboy enjoyed his selection - mine was just ok.  filling, but not worth reordering.  apps and biscuits were tasty.  the beer selection on tap was eclectic and satisfying.
the staff were all great, and the vibe is perfect - open, airy, good tunes, variety of seating (and hand soap galore in the bathroom). 
all-in-all, not a bad joint.  I don't make it up this way often when I am in the city.  but when I do in the future, this place will see my ugly mug hanging at the bar, asking my buddy if GILFs Gone Wild 6 was really a smart career move.I don't know Jack.  Which is something I've been told time and time again.  However, I do know that I'm a big fan of Jack's Firehouse.  Conveniently located across the street from Eastern State Penitentiary, Jack's is a cool, laid back place with an interesting menu and great beers.
Sat at the bar and a lovely bartender I'll call "Barbara Ann*" served me.  I call her that because she commented on my t-shirt from California and seeing her blonde hair and glowing tan, I knew she must be a California girl, and she was.  She was delightful from start to finish.
Had a glass of the Philly Pale Ale first...the taps look like old fire extinguishers.  Could that be any cuter?
Then, since it was brunch time, I got a complimentary serving of banana bread,  biscuit and cornbread with a side of sour cherries.  That was excellent and adorably plated (see picture).   For food I had a crab cake sandwich with lava sauce and fries.  Everything was delicious and I cleaned my plate.  For doing so, I was rewarded with a complimentary cookie.  What's better than a free cookie?  Not much, in my book (yeah, I don't get out much).  
Located right off the 7 bus line, this is a great place to end your visit to the prison across the street.
____________________________
* for my younger Yelp friends, that's a Beach Boys song.  If you need to find out who the Beach Boys are, ask your parents.After our terrible experience at McCrossen's, my wife and I walked up a few blocks to Jack's for brunch.  The food is outstanding and the staff goes out of their way to take care of you.  We had the blueberry pancakes and Southern omelet which were both excellent.