Just got home from my LONG drive to Philadelphia PA. I had a house full of guests  and the general consensus for dinner was island cuisine. Unfortunately, I forgot that this is the Penn Relay weekend (huge mistake). After driving 1.5 hour and taking 30 minutes to find a $15 parking space, I finally arrived. The place was not too packed but half the patrons were gathered around the ordering counter. It took me a few minutes to realize that this increadibly roudy, vulgar bunch had aready placed their orders but were just hanging out at the counter, thus preventing newly arrived customers from placing their orders. I tried my best to get noticed and to get to the counter but had no luck. Ultimately, I and a few other customers (or should I say "potential customers" eventually gave up and left. The cincher for me was that the staff were clearly aware of what was occurring but made no attempt to control the crowd. I may have waited if the staff showed some business savvy and kept the counter area clear but unfortunately, they appeared overwhelmed and confused. i've eaten at the Jerk Hut several times (food is OK-good) but this visit left a bad taste in my mouth so I may have to reconsider future trips across the bridge for authentic JA CUISINE!!
PS: Memo from prior visits, their wait staff can be a bit rude.Thankfully I was not starving and there were crayons to keep me occupied like a little kid, otherwise I would not have been a happy camper! 
We got a living social deal. We arrived and chose where we wanted to sit. We were leisurely given menus and a long list of what they DIDN'T have on the menu. 
Our orders and our living social voucher were taken. Then there was apparently a problem with our voucher and a lot of back and forth w the waitress. Finally we were told it was ok but the waitress asked us for our order again bc she never put it in once there was a problem w the voucher! 
Eventually the food came and it was just ok. I got the curry goat. It was mostly bones (large and small) and fat sadly, though the flavor was decent. It came with fried plantains which I love but these tasted like they had been reheated or microwaved or something. My husband got the jerk chicken which was full of little splinter bones. He had to be careful w every bite. He said the flavor was good but very spicy. 
I thought the prices seemed high considering the quality of the food and you get served water in disposable plastic cups (yet cloth napkins...). Also, you have to go outside to get to the bathroom which is pretty inconvient when it's raining out. Must be really annoying in the winter!
Another negative... No street parking in that area. Had to pay for a parking lot next door.
I'm glad I went just to say I have been but I would definitely not go back.I went here for lunch on a saturday afternoon and had a rather forgettable experience. This place looks like it would be a lot of fun with an outdoor seating area for live reggae music and a well-designed interior that that reminds you of the tropics. 
The prices are on the high side but the food itself is pretty good. The service is just god awful though. We waited 45 minutes from our initial order to get an order of bread  and a drink. It was another 20 minutes to get the actual entrees. The beef ribs and chicken jerk are authentic, reminded me of trips to Jamaica. The rice is so-so and the same for the cabbage and plantains and in my opinion, the coco bread isn't worth it. I would like to give this place a better rating because the point of going there was the jerk chicken but the service was terrible enough to make you regret going. 
That all being said, I'm planning on going to the live reggae shows they have and ordering take-out when the urge for jerk chicken arises.The food at this place is really good. I from the Caribbean and the food reminded me of my mother's home cooking. I had the ox tail, and it was delicious.  The ox tail came with rice, cabbage, and fried plantains. It's a very good portion for the price. I also had a veggie patty for the first time and it was tasty as well. The atmosphere is nice, there is just limited seating. The staff was very nice and accommodating.Came here on a day it wasn't busy at all and they food was still on point! Little expensive but well worth it, whatever that sauce is I tried to put on everything, the Mac and cheese, rice, chicken, cabbage everything!When I went the Jamaican Jerk Hut, it was for a very specific purpose.  We had two vegetarians, wanted to BYOB, and wanted a place that isn't too expensive.
The Jerk Hut is cheap for a reason.  Service includes you ordering at a counter, and waiting around for one of the two employees to take the order.  It's not that they were being lazy, the phone was ringing off the hook, even on a Monday.  Inside, there is a few seats.  They were working on a large outdoor patio in the back, which I can only imagine is perfect on summer nights.
Besides reagge playing, there isn't much of an ambiance.  We saw three ants crawling on the counter when we were paying.  So why go to a place with basic service and little atmosphere?
It's the food.  I had the jerk chicken, and it was the most amazingly flavored piece of meat I've had in recent memory.  My friends also seemed to enjoy their dishes.  The side of plantains I ordered perfectly complimented my meal.  Honestly, I would recommend this place for takeout, especially if you can't eat outside.  The good tastes good enough to overcome what the restaurant lacks otherwise.A co-worker recommended this place.   Prefer Caribbean Delight, which is right down the street.  Service was nice, place was clean, but food was pricey and not as good as Caribbean Delight.  The Curry Goat was $16!  Crazy!!  
Other thing I didn't like, the tv was blaring children's programming.  OK if there were children, perhaps.  It was just us adults though.  With better within a few block's reach, don't see any reason to return.I've been to the Jerk Hut twice, once inside and once outside. If I had been rating this place just based on the inside experience, I would have given it three stars. However, my outside experience was pretty damned abominable. When I ate inside with my boyfriend and two friends, our experience was fairly pleasant. The place is pretty small and shabby (dare I say a little dirty?), but the service was prompt and the employees friendly. My Jerk Shrimp was not as amazing as I had expected, but still palatable to say the least. I got a pineapple soda to wash it down, and I was happy. 
The outside experience, on the other hand, was quite the opposite of pleasant. The hostess was a little abrupt with us, since we questioned the $5 per-person "entertainment fee" and $6 PER SIX-PACK "corkage fee". Now please, let me define for you a corkage fee (thank you, Answer.com): A charge exacted at a restaurant for every bottle of liquor served that was not bought on the premises. The Jamaican Jerk Hut does not sell any alcohol, so this is a misleading use of the term "corkage fee"... they aren't losing out on any alcohol sales, since they don't have a liquor license. The only thing they did that was worthy of monetary compensation was provide us with a bucket of ice. That really pissed us off. 
So even before we sat down to eat and drink OUR OWN BEER, we had already shelled out $21 between three of us. (Good thing we brought another six-pack in our backpack that they didn't notice...) Let me just say that I wouldn't mind paying a $5 cover to see an act worthy of that money. However, instead of hearing authentic Jamaican music, which I was hoping for, there was a white guy with dreads who was pretty much the worst Bob Marley impostor I've ever seen. Fake Jamaican accent and everything. There isn't much that I despise more than white people faking Jamaican accents... or anyone faking any accent, for that matter, and trying seriously to get away with it. Anyway, I digress... I'll just say that the music was not up to par.
While we were sitting there trying to endure the terrible music and forget about the through-the-roof prices, we were kind of paying attention to our mostly bland and disappointing food. It seemed like they were mass-preparing meals, except they took three times as long to come out than a mass-prepared meal would. The only thing that I really enjoyed was the coconut shrimp appetizer. The sauce was a little too sweet, but mostly good. The jerk chicken with rice and beans was kind of dry and not as spicy as I would have liked. Very, very disappointing. The fried plantains weren't even good... they were greasy. Yuck. I might give this place a try again, but it will NEVER be outside.I'm extremely disappointed. I went in here with my expired coupon and they wouldn't even let me use the value of the Groupon per the Groupon regulations. They said I had to bring a print out which is totally against Groupon. They could've easily marked my coupon as redeemed instead they chose to turn me away when there wasn't even one person in the restaurant.  I wish I could give them zero stars.Being Jamaican and growing up in a Jamaican Restaurant I have been searching for good Jamaican food in Philadelphia. I have tried several Jamaican / Caribbean places in Philadelphia and this is by far the best place yet. I even took my parents to the Jerk Hut when they came to visit and they were impressed as well. 
The Jerk Hut experience is all about the food (I haven't had the pleasure of hanging outside on the Jerk Hut Lawn/Patio and listening to Reggae Vibes but I am looking forward to it in the Spring and Summer. 
Compared to other Jamaican food places the Jerk Hut is pricey but is more than reasonable when compared to other food sorts.  In my opinion it is worth it. 
Service: Remember you are getting a Jamaican experience, they are on Island Time! 
The Jerk Hut is good if you want to relax and enjoy some quality Jamaican food. It appears that once the outside patio/lawn opens the Jerk Hut would be a great place to accommodate a group of friends to casually get together BYOB, listen to reggae vibes and play dominoes.Can't imagine why this place is still around.  From the skanky exterior, who would park and enter?  The food, nothing special, the service is a roll of the dice and the place is not exactly Lysol friendly. Why?Ate here again on Friday, and as usual, my food was excellent!!!  I'm adding an extra star now because our waiter was kind enough to move our table outside so my bf and I could eat outside. Unfortunately, it started to rain, but I appreciated the effort!  
People who came here expecting glitz and glamour know very little about authentic Jamaican spots. Forget about the fact that it was in a movie.....if you want some fantasy dining experience, go eat at a Beaches resort or something or go eat at Bahama Breeze.
My food came within 15 minutes and the service was wonderful. Yah Mon....i had a big birthday party here because i heard from a friend you could bring your own beer. i thought that would be a great money saver. it was - but scheduling the party was a confusing hassle. i felt like i didnt have all the information up front, even though i stopped in to confirm the date. i kept getting new info about fees later on in the planning process. i didnt even know we were getting a band until the day of, but i was glad we got one. the day of the party was unseasonably cold, and the party space is not insulated, so i would suggest u have parties here only in nice weather. but my friends braved it and were rewarded with great food.The mixed reviews here are appropriate.  While the food here is very good (authentic, though a little bit salty the day we tried it), the service is a let down.  We waited longer than expected and did not get everything that we ordered.  The front of the house is clearly quite disorganized t times, but the back knows how to cook!I live a block away and have wanted to try this this place all summer.  i gathered friends for a party and called twice during the week about reservations to keep them in the loop for numbers. My first times calling I specifically asked if there would be any thing i should know. So they informed me of the $3 corkage fee per bottle/6pack. I was pleased to know in advance so I could let my friends know. Unfortunately, the girl forgot to tell me there was also a $3 per person entertainment fee for the live band. I was informed of this via phone call at 3 hours before i was showing up with my guests. It wasn't a matter of the $3/per head because i am sure my friends wouldn't have cried about it, but more over the principle of it. I am a planner.
In the end the manager called me back and said she would take the corkage off but not the entertainment fee. I found this an acceptable solution and I was back to being excited about trying this place that I walk by every day. 
Unfortunately, while I was there, my experience was pretty much the same as others as far as food and service. 
The food was excellent. 
The service was poor. If someone brought a party of 15-20 people to their establishment, i feel like we could have actually gotten some friendly servers for the amount of money being spent. I honestly feel that this is fixable. They definitely would need to either hire some friendly staff, or re-train. 
I was also pretty disappointed that they had no rotis. HOW?
I think what really got my star rating to a 3 was because I love the location, atmosphere and the band was great!I could not believe the service at this place.  I have never seen a server walk so slow or get so many things wrong in our order.  Our food took forever to get - I ordered the Goat Roti and I got the Curry Goat Platter by mistake, which was 75% bone and fat.  It was pretty good, but not nearly good enough to make up for the horrible experience.  My friend got a shrimp kabob platter that had 4 over cooked shrimp on it and it was $19.  WTF. Major fail of a restaurant.  I could see how college kids would think it was a cool hang out, but really it is just a greedy stinking hole of a place.The food is just OK. Spicy is genuinely feel it  in your years and have to pause spicy. The rice and plantains were too dry. I do recommend the beef and chicken patties. Service was quick and very polite.I like their food but I have them rated at two stars because of their delivery service. Right now "Uber Eats" and "EAT24" are the only ones you can order through. 
"Uber Eats" never delivers directly to my house and I have to direct the driver and "EAT24" only shows a catering option. I've called "The Hut" but they haven't fixed the problem.
As a business, they should monitor the apps there customers use. Ordering food for delivery is an annoying process.My first time coming here, I order the Curry Goat for take out, I got the large which was $15 cause I was going to get the small, but my mom insist on me getting the large.. Everything seem to taste good too me, I wonder how the small portion would have looked compared to the largerFor about a month after going to the Jamaican Jerk Hut, I felt physically sick when I heard reggae.   I wish I were kidding, but I really disliked the food that much.
Our table (a large party) paid an "entertainment fee" to listen to bad live music.  We were also charged a corking fee for every bottle of wine and 6-pack of beer--even though we brought our own opener and the waiter never actually opened anything.  If you want to charge for alcohol, please get a liquor license.  
Service was abysmal.  They mixed up our food orders and it took close to an hour and a half to get our food.
The only plus I can think of is that they have outdoor seating, which meant smokers could smoke their little lungs out while waiting an hour and a half for the food to arrive.I took some friends here because I was literally dying for some good Jamaican food and with no trip to Jamaica in sight (damn this recession!), we embarked to  the Jerk Hut with rum in hand. The service leaves something to be desired but I wasn't there to be smoozed--I was there to get my eat on. 
We came earlyish on a Saturday afternoon and got our food rather quickly. We started out with patties and they were good. Flaky. Flavorful. Filling. (Check me out with my alliteration today!). The Ting and ginger beer complimented the rum nicely and before I knew it, in my mind--I have been blessed with a vivid imagination--I was in eighty degree Runaway Bay with friends. Ok, no I wasn't because the food just wasn't there, ya dig?
I ordered the jerk snapper, the goat roti, cornbread, cabbage, and some other dishes for the table to share. Everyone thought it was ok (no one really raved about it but enjoyed it) and it came out hot. 
With no room for dessert, we took home bread pudding (delicious but very sweet), pound cake (was told later it tasted slightly stale but the icing was on point) and bean pie (me likey that a whole lot--fresh and tasty). 
I am not sure if I would come back, I am sure there might be better Jamaican spots but the BYOB and patties were stellar and liquor and meat-filled pastry is enough to get me anywhere.This place is the pits. I went there with a medium-sized party (with reservations) and sat outside. The waitress screwed up nearly everyone's orders, the service took more than an hour (not counting the time AFTER we got the wrong foods it took for her to get the people who even cared to wait longer their correct orders), and the stuff we were told was "spicy" was fairly mild. My spice-phobic friends ordered a green salad, which they were not warned (but told afterward by the waitress) is "the spiciest thing on the menu." We were charged an entertainment fee and a BYO fee PER PERSON for them to give us a bottle opener. All in all, possibly the worst dining experience I've had in Philly.It was not bad, I had the jerk chicken dinner platter and my friend had the mango chicken dinner platter. We also ordered jerk chicken wings for an app. The jerk chicken holds a very nice kick and I enjoyed it tho the jerk wings were very burnt and dry. The dinner platters were more moist and tasty and over all very good.Wow...my how the Jamaican Jerk Hut has changed. I have been there several times in the past and generally leave pretty happy and with a satisfied belly. Well, last night was surely NOT one of those experiences. Let me take you through the evening....
We were a party of 15....had reservations for about 2 months in advance
1. Arrive at 7:30--meet with friends, buckets are on the table for beer....good start
2. 7:40 Give menus and looking for apps; we notice other guests eating ribs but don't see them on menu. We ask server and she says, 'oh that's our special.' Doesn't proceed to actually tell us about the special, but, we order it. The BBQ ribs. They are typically an entree, but we were hungry so ordered one to eat as an app. The plan was to share with the table. 
3. 8:30- It's now been almost an hour. Other apps came out to others in our parties, the ribs never come. We ask what is taking so long and she says that they are thick and take a long time to cook. (I've worked in many restaurants throughout the city....BBQ ones at that...I know ribs. They are pre-cooked. You heat them and throw sauce on them.) At this point we have already ordered entrees because it was taking so long that we wanted to make sure we weren't eating at midnight. So....at this point we say ok forget the ribs as an app, send them with all of the entrees. 
4. 9:15 the ribs arrive with SOME of the other entrees. They were 4 pieces of rib, a scope of rice and sauteed veggies. This is what we waiting 1 hour and 45 mins for?!?! AND paid $22. You must be kidding. 
5. I ordered the vegetable roti.  It was ice cold when I got it. I looked around for a server to ask for it to be heated.....NO servers outside. I continued to sip on my beer (the only good thing of the evening) and waited til a server walked by. After about 10 mins still NO server outside. I walk inside and see I server. I simply ask if it can be heated up. She said, 'go find a manager. He's in the kitchen wearing a yellow shirt. tell him.' I said, 'I don't feel comfortable walking into the kitchen.' She says, 'no, its ok.' As this is happening, the bus boy is walking by and he says, 'I'll take it for you.' He takes my food, places it on top of his dirty, full bus tub and walks it to the kitchen. Ummmmm..... (It does get heated up quickly and returned to table...it was ok tasting...)
6. A friend at the table ordered the jerk shrimp skewers at a hefty $20. I don't mind spending money on food, but good food. Not food that is sitting in mass quanity in the back....but the best part is....HE NEVER GOT THE SHRIMP. At around 9:45 when a server FINALLY comes around we ask where it's at...she looks at her notepad....doesn't say anything and walks back inside. Oppps. He had to follow her inside and cancel the order. 
7. The bill comes. $486 for 11 people. We split it...so $44 bucks a person. I could go to some of the nicest restarants in philly and get a tasting menu for almost that prince. And remember...it's a byob...so that did not include alcohol. 
I didn't expect fine dining or amazing food. But...I expected 'good.' What I got was....Goodbye, Jamaican Jerk Hut. At this rate, you won't last much longer. 
PS. There were several other large parties seated near us....and needless to say...it was QUITE obvious they were having a similar experience. I heard both tables continually ask where the food was and have to confirm orders with servers because they were not getting the correct food. 
It seems that the main root of the prob was the kitchen. Oh and let's update the website too. You're prices are several dollars cheaper on your website than on the menu.Was a waste of time and money. They are one of the worst Jamaican food I ever had other than Jamaica Ds. I don't understand why they have awards for this place. Maybe they use to be good. I order oxtail, jerk shrimp,Mac and cheese, and jerk chicken. The oxtail were very hard and the flavor was bad it probably was old the sauce was not fresh and it was sleep up on the plate. All they did was add browning to the meat. The plantains was the worst I had in my entire life it was not sweet it was hard and over cooked they didn't use a ripened plantain. The jerk chicken tasted old the jerk sauce was pure pepper. I know you hear chopping in the back but that's not what your getting.I know Jamaican food is usually spicy but this was not enjoyable spicy. It's nothing wrong with spice but damn they over did it. The Mac and cheese was so so nasty. First of all it was like they used the cheap blue box of Mac and cheese and than it must have been old because the noodles were all broken up like it was giving trouble coming out the pot. I even saw the lady scraping up something when the curtain blocking the kitchen from the counter was drawn away for a brief moment. My daughter did not even want it after she had her first taste. I wish I didn't eat I already had a bad feeling about it when I saw it. The jerk shrimp was not jumbo as stated and it was just drowning in jerk sauce that was overly spicy and they were very small like they were over cooked or just very small shrimp on white bread. We needed a lot of water and overall I think we had left overs and or maybe they just had a bad cook. I will never return to this placeI tried.  I remember going to the Jerk Hut years agoa.  I didn't like it, but I thought it was my lack of experience with carribean fare.  I remember the food being way too spicy and I like spicy. I remember the chicken being tough. So, let's get to the present, I had a groupon/living social deal and said, "Yes, I will try it again!"  Get there and order. I notice the food is expensive, no worries, I will pay for good food. We were getting our food to go, so we sit and sit and sit.  Not sure why, but we sit. I get a chicken pattie to help me sit.  The cashier wasn't nice or mean, she just didn't care. She never acknowledge how long we were sitting, nothing.  No worries, good food chumps that any day, especially when it's to go. The food finally comes. Ox tails, peas and rice and cabbage. YEAH! Get it home and it was not good at all.  So many painful memories come to mind and I am left kicking myself for even going back.  No worries, I know a place that won't let me down.........Carribean Delight, down the street.Saw this on the TV show triple D. Me and my wife decided since we came to Philly from NY why not try it. The food wasn't bad but I have had better. Rice was excellent as well as the cabage. I had the curry goat which was okay and my wife had the ox tail which I didn't like too much. The service wasn't too great. The lady at the front seem to be very slow and she spoke too low to even hear. Other than that it was an okay little place.eh? dont get me wrong 8 people 10 bottles of wine. fun anywhere. it just felt a lil ghetto. like eating in a screened porch. they were out of a lot of stuff. but our waiter was sweet. and we were loud. good times. but not somewhere i would go again. the food was just ok. but very inexpensive. it came to $20 a piece. we tried a bunch of different things. we just ordered lots of plates and sampled them. def affordable good times byob.I understand why the reviews are a bit scattered for this place....
Pros:
hot delicious food
BYOB
convenient location
Cons:
small portions
pricier than you'd expect
service is meh
Honestly, the menu prices should complement the actual interior and dining experience of the restaurant.  This place LOOKS cheap at first glance-- but definitely doesn't have hole-in-the-wall pricing...but you get the hole-in-the-wall service and experience.... capeesh?  Worth a visit though.Great food, horrible service... if you plan to bring wine I would advise bringing your own opener.. took the server 1/2 hour to find an opener. music outside was very loud.Food here is actually pretty good, when it comes.  But, it is expensive to the point where considering all other aspects of the experience, it is not worth the price being charged.  Not even close, really.  Sure, it's very nice to be outside, and the $3 cork charge per 6-pack is not so bad, but every time I've gone here, it's more disappointing than the last time.  The service is usually friendly, but it is painfully slow (I could almost get back to Tampa for my favorite Jamaican spot, Cepha's Hot Shop, in the time it takes to get in and out of here!)  This is a good spot to go hang with friends, especially if you've already eaten elsewhere.  Just remember to bring extra beers for the wait!  Helpful tip:  If you and a date do go with a large group, get a separate check for the 2 of you - I think large, confusing checks tend to be a big part of the problem here.Great food at reasonable prices! 
Really, people, 3 stars??
However, it is no surprise that this section has gotten some of the douchiest reviews imaginable.  After all, South Philly is now festering with hipster douchery, and these people can't just experience a good thing and let it be.  Here are my retorts to a few of the negative comments I read here:
1) Yes, plantains are generally a garnish.  Especially when they're flash-fried or sauteed and not cooked slowly as to caramelize extensively, in which case they can serve as a sweeter side.
2) Jerking, like BBQing, softens bone (esp chicken bone) to the extent that the meat can be chopped with the bone after it is finished cooking.  Hence the bones in with the pieces of chicken.  If you can't figure out a way around them, well...Darwin.
3)  $15 is reasonable for half a chicken and a huge container of rice, especially in the middle of a major American city.
4)  Rice (and the beans and cabbage) served with jerk chicken is not in of itself meant to have a high flavor profile.  You put the (extremely) flavorful chicken on top.  The rice mellows out the dish.    A dish is the sum of its parts; stop critiquing every single component like you're some sort of expert (which you're not, probably on anything, and definitely not on the way cabbage should compliment starch and protein in Jamaican cuisine).  
5)  This is how its done in Jamaica.  If something did not turn out the way you expected, its because you were wrong .   You know who wasn't wrong?  The Jamaican cook who makes Jamaican food for a living.  What are the sheer odds of you being right?   Are you crazy?  
6)  Which brings me to my last point: Jamaican culture is on island time.  This is a fact, not a silly stereotype.  Jamaica is probably the only country the stereotypes surrounding which are all true.  Which is fine because they're all pretty cool stereotypes.  Ever see a Jamaican movie villain?  Its impossible.  So yes, the service might be a little slow when it gets slammed - as happens anywhere.   BYOB to pass the time, and just try to sit and enjoy yourself instead of knit-picking at every tiny little thing around you.  
PS  Maybe your server would approach your table faster if you didn't have a handlebar mustache and fedora on.  You're not allowed to make culinary critiques while looking like you work at a carnival.  Go back to the suburbs.  
Sorry, that's the rant of someone who worked in restaurants for 10 years, and who has also eaten some very good homemade Jamaican food.  
Bottom line is, the food is great.  Kudos to the Jerk Hut for maintaining authenticity and deliciousness.A great place to go and get some caribbean food or bbq in philly. They have tons of different jerk options and a range of meat and seafood to serve anyone's palate. Also a great choice of non-alcoholic drinks including some weird green stuff and some awesome fruit punch. Bring your own rum so that you can mix it in. Nice choice of side dishes too including plantains. If you go between May and September they have an outdoor patio area in the back that has live music.This is not a character assassination. The servers at the Jamaican Jerk Hut all seemed very lovely. But my first (and likely only) dining experience there was one of those that was tainted by the haze of mood-altering blood sugar levels from ridiculously long wait times which were compounded by loud and obnoxious clientele* that I think the management are letting ruin their establishment. 
In most cases any place is worth a second chance since I know there are always extenuating circumstances: their top server has mono, a shipment of Jerk seasoning is stuck on route 95, they had to physically go slaughter our dinners and the chickens were riled up from the flash mob on South St. But after reading past reviews apparently deplorable service has been the norm since they started riding the coattails of being in the film In Her Shoes. Additionally, even though the curry goat was pretty tasty two hours after I ordered it, I consider the pains I'm still having in my gut 8 hours later as punishment for not trusting my instincts and getting the hell out of there when we first arrived. The back of the house told us to check-in up front, the front told us to check-in out back, a reservation book inside had nothing written in it (funny, considering we all had a few to contribute by then.) All of this should have been a big warning sign.
*In hindsight I realize that the additional charges (listed below) mentioned on page 2 of the menu were most likely created to discourage college kids from coming in to take advantage of the BYOB and 'drinking under the radar' (made obvious by the overly drunk girl who needed help both walking to the bathroom and holding her hair back.) Not only does it ruin the experience for the grown ups who can hold their liquor but it's ineffective and unnerving, especially in a place that seats at least 50 people and has only one bathroom. It's also absurd for already overpriced food, less-than-stellar service, wait times, plastic cups, etc. Then they don't even honor their own fees since the only add-on we were charged was 4 $3 corkage fees, which didn't even add up to what we actually consumed!
- $12 minimum to sit on the patio, 
- 20% gratuity for parties of 6 or more, 
- $4 entertainment fee on Fri and Sat nights and a 
- $4 corkage fee for each bottle of wine and six pack
Thank god I have generous Jamaican neighbors with a patio. I'll visit them the next time I want to eat jerk chicken and sit outside with my own alcohol.Overpriced!!!!! Horrible service, and shady business!!! They charge you an extra 10 dolars per person when u eat in. They also do not tell you this until its time to pay.
Their menu does not have prices on it because they make up their own prices which change frequently. Worst of all. They dont give you enough food. !!! Not reccomended. 
-center city nativeCool place. I love the gigantic enormous outside terrace with the Caribbean music. The atmosphere is really chill and relaxing. Makes me want to escape Philly and go to the islands! I wish they imported some sand to cover up all the rocks lol. The grassy area is nice.
As much as I love the atmosphere, the food was OK.  Was good, but not raving good.  I'm surprised Guy Fieri came here for DDD, I didn't think the food was good enough for that.  The collard greens were really salty.  The roti was good, kind of dry.  My friend had the jerk chicken, the rice and veggies were good, he really enjoyed the chicken, although it was a bit dry without the sauce (he got jerk sauce on the side because its very very spicy).  I love plantains, and they were just OK here.  Nothing special.
People complain a lot about the service here.  We actually had a really good waitress, she was totally chill, super nice, and helped me out a lot with the menu.  She came back several times to check on us.  Only slow part was getting our bill paid, but that's because the place was full by then and she had a dozen tables.  
Overall, I'd come back.  But not for the food. I'm come back w/ my BYOB for some Jamaican music and groovin entertainment!Inauthentic jamaican flavors. 
Visited today and ordered two of the simplest dishes served in almost every jamaican home (chicken soup and jerk wings). The soup was so overly salty, it was inedible, additionally, it was plated in a takeout container typically used for dry dishes like rice. 
The wings were dry, shriveled and hard like they sat around too long. Grand price for this sad excuse for jamaican food-$18+LivingSocial had offered a special for $30 meal at Jamaican Jerk Hut so decided to purchase a coupon and go for a try.  As I walked towards the restaurant (which actually is a size of a "hut"), i was hoping it would be one of those in the hole kind of restaurants where the outside isn't appealing but the food would be authentic and wonderful.  
As I sat in a fold up chair and in which seems to be a 90+ degree restaurant, the waiter came and told us what first timers should try and I was a fan of spices the jerk platters would be the top choice.
I scanned through the menu and wanted to order a nice cool drink (cool as a cucumber) and was told they didn't offer it in the winter time, then ordered the seafood ceviche and long and behold they didn't have it. So ended up going with jerk wings and a jerk wing platter as an entree. 
Service was mediocre: waiter was great and personable but service was definitely slow.
Jerk platter and wings were not spicy to my standards or even spicy at all. The entree felt like it was pre-made and refrigerated and then reheated.
Then the bill came: ATM wasn't working and Credit Card machine wasn't working so had to go to the Atm down the street to get cash. 
Overall: I would not go back to give it a 2nd try. Place was completely disorganized and menu's should be updated per season to allow patrons to have an accurate dining choices.Love, love, love it.
Oxtail, plantains, cabbage, patties, jerk chicken...I think I have tasted a good portion of the menu and everything was outstanding.
The service has always been excellent. 
We like the place so much we had our ceremony and reception in their garden. And what can I say: They were amazing to work with. Couldn't have asked for a better wedding. Friends and family still rave about the food, the music and the whole laid back atmosphere at our wedding.
Thank you, Jerk Hut!So I will embarrassingly admit that I heard of this place from that movie In Her Shoes. Turns out a lot of Philly natives aren't even aware it exists either! Looks exactly like any place with the word "hut" in it should from the front. Inside has a bit of a cheesy islandish decor in an extremely tight space. there is even a tiki hut where the register is and an old school boombox that places random music.  
We lucked out on a Sat night and didnt wait long for a table. There was one waiter so I can see how people may complain about slow service. Totally laid back guy wearing a beanie but surprisingly attentive and just a likeable person. 
We ordered the empanadas,BBQ chicken dish and of course the signature Jamaican Jerk Chicken. All was fantastic. As they forewarn you there the Jamaican Jerk is definitely VERY spicy! Most dishes are spicy but this one in particular. So if at all sensitive do not even contemplate ordering. Cornbread as mentioned was a bit dry I guess but actually was perfect for mediating all the spice!  Portions are very generous, especially for the price.  And of course one of the great things about many Philly restaurants, its BYOB! With bigger parties definitely make a reservation otherwise will have issues with seating. 
Will definitely be back, especially to check out this outdoor space when it reopens!I came here with a party of 9, we got seated in their outdoor patio section and started drinking from the case of beer we brought with us and with the pitchers of mixers they provided for us.
We waited and waited to get our food order taken, it was a Saturday night and since we were drinking it didn't bother us too much.  The alcohol ran out eventually and we still hadn't been asked what we wanted to order(about a hour and 45 minutes had passed since we sat down).
We decided to finally get up and leave since we were still hungry, one of us wanted to inform the waitstaff that we were leaving and was met with this response from a waiter,"hold on a sec, I'll be right with you..."
No thanks, since we had a much better meal in Chinatown that night...I do love the Jerk Hut, I have been going there for many years.  However, don't go if you don't have a lot of time, and your impatient and need a lot of attention.  I think they give you the TRUE Jamaican experience, complete with long waits between courses, etc.  But the food is amazing and in such a nice setting, why rush.  I don't like they do charge corking fees and I think an "entertainment" fee on Fri...I would go during the week.   But great authentic food, the best I have found in the local area.Well, I don't mean to be rude in any way. This place had a friendly server, fairly quick service, and lots of great outdoor seating if I'd wanted to sit there. I got a large jerk chicken platter, which was covered in a delicious, almost teriyaki-ish sauce and came with plantains (mmmmmm, plantains),
But in all honesty, I've become a regular customer at Gigi & Big R's, in University City or by 30th Street Station. If you've ever eaten there, you'll probably understand why I'm bringing them up. Their menu is very similar, but their meals are bigger, cheaper, and fall-off-the-bone tender. If you're on South Street and you have a craving for spicy food, Jamaican Jerk Hut will do - but I'd recommend you man up and take a walk to try the real deal.Jerk Chicken. Oxtail. What more in life do you want? I've been trying to find a decent Jamaican spot in Philly and I think I've found it. Rice and peas is delicious. Jerk chicken is a little too spicy, but a little spicy doesn't do any harm! However, patties isn't as good as other places.I experienced the Jamaican jerk hit the past Sunday for the first time and let me tell you. Amazing! 
I had the curry chicken which was absolutely delicious. The cabbage was just right and the rice and beans added the perfect flavor. We had the beef patties as an appetizer and they were great. The flakes were to die for. My favorite was the plantain that came with the meal.
The best part was that they were on groupon. I love s good deal.
The downside was that the restrooms were way in the back but it was no big deal.The food here was good, I had the escovitch fish and it was very tasty and spicy the way I like it. he cabbage was also very good. Also it is a BYOB which is always great in my book! The service was ok a little slow and the front dining area is very small and it took a while for a staff member to tell us there was a back room. Other than that I would return anytime.If you want to enjoy your Jerk Hut experience in the outdoor seating area, you should probably think of it less as a restaurant and more as an evening entertainment option. The food will take a minimum of an hour to arrive at the table. Once it arrives, the jerk chicken, curry goat and oxtail stew are all great, but you'll need more on tap than good food to make the experience worthwhile.
Everything will move slowly, but you will not be rushed out the door after you have finished your food. Eat a large, late lunch and plan to spend most of the evening sitting outside enjoying the atmosphere. If you expect a bit of chaos, you will be able to enjoy the charm.
Lastly, the Jerk Hut has been steadily adding new fees to the bill each summer. I am not a huge fan of an entertainment fee, but $5 dollars is less galling if you expect to linger outside for most of the evening.Oh. My. H**y. God. Worst service in the history of eating. Our party of four got there around 6:00 on a Friday and didn't leave until almost 9:00, and not because we were having so much fun that we didn't want to leave. It took almost 30 minutes to get someone to pay attention to us, and then after getting our orders, it was almost an hour before we got our food. The food was relative decent, good spicing on the chicken, but the outrageous price is not in line with the quality. It took 30 -40 minutes to get someone to drop, pick up and bring back the check. 
We watched one group of four place an order, and then get up to leave as their patience didn't hold. For the quality of food versus the price, I wish we had gotten up as well. 
Very, very disappointing. Nice enough wait staff, at least we didn't get attitude to go along with the neglect, but highly disorganized. The only thing that could get me to return is a massive renovation to expand the kitchen, or limit the amount of seating. You can't have seating for 100 people and a kitchen for 10.The food here is amazing! Try the Jamaican jerk platter with chicken, rice and beans, cabbage, and plantains. The only reason I don't give it five stars is because the inside seating is really forgettable. If you want to eat at the restaurant, only go in spring, summer, or fall when the outside area is open. On weekends, you can enjoy picnic tables and great Jamaican music live!Years ago this place was much different.. now you have all this bone in your platter, and the prices are ridiculous. I can definitely agree with people about the service... its terrible. The people roll their eyes, and don't hide at all they're anger that you even exist. I just go once in a extremely blue moon for take out bc they're curry isn't super spicy like some places.. the quality isn't as good as it used to be though. I'd say, save your money for elsewhere on South st.
Oh and the bathroom is around the block... how ridiculous! That should be illegal for a restaurant. I wash my hands before I eat, and i have to travel around the block and reenter the restaurant, by that time I'm contaminated again!!!No doubt that Jamaican Jerk Hut is too expensive for what it is, but I also got some of the best jerk chicken I've had here.
It's a dinky looking place on the inside with wobbly tables, kids screaming, and crappy TV on, yet they're charging $15 for a plate of jerk chicken with rice, two pieces of plantains, and a little slaw. Essentially the equivalent of a BBQ joint charging $15 for a pulled pork sandwich and fries, it just doesn't make sense.
That said, my chicken was moist, super spicy (exactly how I like my jerk chicken), and had me cleaning the bones by the end of my meal. Wish they were a bit more generous with the sides. BYOB is a nice perk to save a few bucks on drinks at least. 
We didn't have any issues with service, but we were also there for dinner on a Tuesday night, so it may have been less busy than usual.
Wouldn't go back unless I was really craving jerk, although I'd imagine I can probably find a better/cheaper place to hit the spot instead.BYOB! Needless to say. 
 Great Jamaican food, exotic island flavors.  I recommend the Jerk Wings, they were perhaps the best wings I have ever had. Nothing plain like Buffalo wings (though i like them, too). Cozy place for a casual date.The service here is terrible.  They charged us for a corking fee, but did not uncork our bottle of wine.  The dining room is small, but it took us over an hour to get our food.  I got the Jerk Chicken Breast and it was mediocre at best.  After we finished our meal, we waited another 30 mins before they brought us the bill.  They never removed a plate from the table after anyone was finished.  And they automatically charge a 20% gratuity fee for parties 6 or more.  What a joke.  I don't mind paying 20%, but at least give me some service.  This place is BYO so I guess they count on people getting really wasted before they eat the food.I've had food from here in the past and it was good, so I decided to give it another try. I ordered the jumbo shrimp meal to split with my boyfriend and the Jamaican soup for myself because I had a little cold & was looking for something to open me up. First thing I notice upon getting home and opening the food was the shrimp weren't jumbo they were medium sized shrimp. Other than that everything tasted good, the soup wasn't watery which was great. Will be back.What a mess.  This place's time is over.  
Micro wave is used constantly - we could hear it dinging non stop in the back
Forever to get even a drink -- about 40 minutes to get our food.
Prices partially scratched off the wall sized menu, different prices on to-go menu. So you don't know what it will cost
No change to give to customers.
Not sure if they have a bathroom.
The food was dried out, old and miserable.  We took a few bites and walked out on $46 worth of food.  
I would bet that the lady I saw on TV hasn't been there in awhile.
Went to McDonalds - It was betterTried Jamaican Jerkhuts food at the PHS pop up garden. Food took forever. It came from a take out window that was unattended most of the time.
Couldn't figure out the system, whether they would bring me my food or call me.
After waiting forever, another patron came to my table and said the Jamaican Jerkhut people had my food. I walked up and no one was there. I had to bother other people dining there to track down an employee to get my food.
For $17, I got a single skewer of tiny over cooked spiced shrimp and a big container of rice and cabbage with two tiny pieces of fried plantain.
The poor service already ruined my mood. The food just added insult to injury.
I don't think I'll ever dine there based on the meal I got tonight.Had dinner here, the servers we very nice and knowledgeable on the food. I think the problem is the kitchen, the food takes forever to come out, the food is all over the place on the plates and the fees they have are ridiculous.Also they were out of so many things.  its a BYOB place and they charge $3 PER bottle or 6 six pack and $3 per person for entertainment fee?!? If you come with a group of people the fees exceed the price of the meal total. Also last but not least I would NEVER bring my kids or the elderly here we could smell the WEED smoke coming from somewhere from the restaurant, yes I said WEED! SMH never have I ever!!!!! And this isnt the first time i came and i smelled it. Very Unprofessional! The place is just a dump! I wish I could give half a star.  Would not recommend anyone to go!So yeah, I am an LA girl who visits Philly and goes to a restaurant because it was used in filiming a movie... weird, I know.
So my friend Sacha who lives in Philly now says I get to choose the place for dinner and I choose this place b/c 1)I've never hard jerk chicken and 2)it was used in In Her Shoes which seemed like a cool thing to take back form my East Coast adventure.
You may ask what is Jerk Chicken??? Explanation from the woman at the counter/kictchen :: A combination of very spicy spices like cumin, three or four kinds of hot peppers and other special blends from Jamaica... the chefs actually use gloves when handling them so that their hands don't burn... now that's what I call spicy!!!
We had the jerk chicken, the mango chicken, and the BBQ chicekn, all excellent, but be warned they are all on the bone. Grean plantains and rice and beans too!
Oh they get the full five stars because I'm in a good mood and they had outside dining are which they have moveis playign ona  white wall and live music, can you ask for anything more on south street ... wait you want goat.. they have that too :)I'm not that familiar with Jamaican food so naturally I went the jerk chicken platter. It was absolutely delicious. I cleared my plate. I like that the place is BYO, has good food, and a nice outdoor seating area but....
The service was horrendous. When my roomate and I walked in, the girl behind the counter acted as if she hadn't seen us. When I asked if we seat ourselves, another customer informed me that you do. So, we moved to the outdoor and sat ourselves at a table that looked clean enough. 20 minutes later, as we were about to get up and leave a waiter ( I think the only waiter) came over to greet us . Because I was determined to give this place a chance we stayed. It took about 45 minutes for our food to come out and there were only 2 other tables seated. When our check came, we were shocked at the corking fee, but we were ready to leave.
As I said, the food was absolutely delicious but because of the service, 
I don't know that I'll be back.I had my first Jamaican Jerk Hut experience while enjoying the PHS pop up garden on a Thursday around 6pm. After seeing it featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives (odd that's what they picked to feature in Philly) we got excited to try it.
We ordered from the window connected to the garden.  Dining Partner ordered the jerk chicken wings, and I ordered the chicken leg platter with rice, plantains, and cabbage and a side of cornbread to share. It was expensive! $26 and we waited almost 25 minutes standing at the window for our food. There didn't seem to be a register in the back so every time someone gave the woman payment, she disappeared for a bit to bring back change. It seemed very inefficient. The chicken was very juicy and had quite a kick to it. Overall though, it was nothing special and not filling. Won't be back for more.I took my husband and 7 of our friends here last weekend for my husband's birthday. The service was great, our server Ashley was so accommodating and nice. The live music on the weekends is a great touch, and while you feel like you're in Philadelphia, you kind of feel like you've been taken to the caribbean for just a few hours. The food was delicious, their plantains were the best ever. And when it started to rain on our outside dinner celebration, Ashley and the rest of the staff without flinching set up a table for us inside in the veranda, and we were still able to enjoy the outside music. It was a group consensus that we all can't wait to go back!My partner and I were overall fans of the Jamaican Jerk Hut. Small, quaint place with a long wait - but definitely worth it if you're into some spicy, unique food. Definitely beware that when they say spicy - it means SPICY! I usually like hot wings, but they were over the top a bit for me. My partner loved the heat, though (even though he was sweating from it).
The coconut shrimp is delicious - well battered, tasty, crisp, with sweet coconut milk.
Also loved their chicken soup.
The wings were SUPER spicy, couldn't get through them, but my boyfriend loved it. The flavor beneath the heat was divine. 
The quarter jerk chicken was also good - but we definitely should have gotten the sauce on the side. The wings were hot enough, so we couldn't get through the chicken.
We loved it here, but I actually don't think we'll be going back. It seemed like after you tried a few things, the flavors meshed together, and weren't quite as unique as they first seemed. A good find in the city, especially if you like to try different food - but not necessarily my go-to place. I was expecting a bit more, but was still pleased!Carry out order was ready right on time. There were both large bones and shards in the chicken roti ($13), although I was previously told it was boneless when I asked... Good portion size and tender meat so otherwise tasty, but that just would have been nice to know up front. Fried plantains ($4) were a very small serving and only 1-2 of the pieces appeared to have been properly fried. Overall satisfied my roti craving but overpriced for what I got, so will likely explore other options before returning.I am a huge fan of caribbean food, so I was excited to try this place. The jerk chicken was pleasantly spicy; however, the star of the show was definitely the peas and rice. We tried one of each type of patty and they were all great, though the vegetable and beef stood out for me. They even deliver (and quickly) which is great. I'll definitely be back to try some of the other things on the menu.Yeah, this hut has great outdoor space. Probably it's only saving grace. I make better jerk chicken and peas and rice. And I'm BAHAMIAN. (if I said "white" it probably would be more emphatic. but, still. just sayin')
Whole foods has better cornbread. And they're WHOLE FOODS. 
The only reason why this place doesn't get one star is because I enjoyed watching my mom dunk her shrimp in her water glass because it was too spicy. And the waitress didn't even flinch. Love it!It took 2.5 hours for all of our food to come out, and my friend found a BULLET in her meal.  Do I need to say anything else?I used to frequent this place and the food was delicious. Tonight while at the theater, I went there and ordered brown stew chicken. It was horrible. THe gravy was bland and thick. The cabbage tasted like paper and the plantains were dry and pasty. THey must have changed chefs or owners. Definitely not the cuisine of the past. The only good thing was that the staff were pleasant. I will not return.I have actually not had their food but I have experienced their customer service over the phone and it was NOT good
I called them to place a large delivery order and I was DENIED because I lived two blocks away from their "DELIVERY ZONE" despite them stating that they deliver to my area (Rittenhouse sq) and the person taking my order was very RUDE about it
WE'LL SEE HOW LONG THEY STAY IN BUSINESSGreat unpretentious place. Ordered the curry chicken, roti and Mango Juice to wash it all down. I'm normally not a cabbage guy but I ate all of the cabbage on my plate. Everything tasted fresh and well seasoned.We went on a Monday, so no crayons, w/butcher paper, no lights in the backyard.  But it wasn't crowded and we got our food quickly.
Our server recommended the coconut shrimp, and I'm so glad we took his recommendation.  They were fresh and delicious.  The shrimp are delivered fresh every day and prepared on-site.  No frozen coconut shrimp here!
We ordered homemade ginger brew, which was thick and pulpy with fresh ginger.  It was quite strong and spicy--not for the faint of heart.  If you can't handle a lot of ginger, stick to the bottled ginger soda.
For dinner, I got the escovish fish filet.  It too was hot, peppery, and strong with vinegar.  I hiccuped for a while after the first bite (spicy food does that to me), but it was great.  I've has escoveitched fish before, but this was not as wet.  Just different.  The side dishes of Jamaican cabbage and rice & peas were so good!  Coconut milk in the rice makes all the difference, I think.
My friend got the jerk chicken (dark meat) which was also delicious.  There was a lot of meat on that plate for a leg and thigh combo!  The sauce was thick and tasty, sweet but spicy.
We also shared some 'greens, greens, greens,' and I'm glad we did.  Collards, spinach, and calaloo with coconut milk is a combination made in heaven.  
By the time we finished (yes, we ate it ALL) our generous portions of dinner, we had no room for dessert.  Our server told us they bring the desserts in from Jamaica.  They had lemon cake, rum cake, chocolate cake, and more.  Next time I'll remember to bring half of my food home and save room for dessert.OK... not sure what all the negative reviews are about, but I like Jerk Hut.  Their food is your typical Jamaican cuisine.... I like their jerk chicken or jerk shrimp platters with cabbage and plantains, but the steamed fish is my absolute favorite!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Also, love the Dunns River wings.
And of course, you have to have TING when you eat here!!!!!!!!!!!  Yum. I think I'll eat here this weekend.Service is so slow.  I can forgive when its a busy night, but we were literally the only people there!
I was told, as our server was handing out dishes to everyone else at the table, that they were out of what I had ordered.  Which by the way, was over an hour ago.  My food then came out 3 minutes later.  That to me means microwaved food.  Yum.
The food is generally bland and over priced.
We were asked if we wanted dessert.  Once our server finally came back we tried to order, but were told the kitchen was closed.Well I guess I learned my lesson for not reading yelp before stopping here.  What pulled us in what the nice open lawn/outdoor seating area, and the fact that Pico di Gallo up the street is closed due to "maintenance issues".  Let's just say previous reviews of "laid back" atmosphere don't quite describe a 90+ minute meal (wait) for two basic entrees.  This place took feeling ignored to a while new level (in fact, we saw at least one couple get up and leave after waiting for a menu they never even got).  Once the food finally arrived it was so so, mine was ok, his was so filled with gristle he couldn't finish.  We didn't complain, just cut our losses and got out of there.  It's sad because it's a great space.Jamaican Jerk Hut definitely deserves more than 2.5 stars. Sure, the service was slow (and apparently always slow), but the friendly staff kept us updated as we waited for our table & food despite how crazy busy they were. I had the jerk chicken thigh platter, my friends had the oxtail stew and curry goat, and we all shared 2 orders of the chicken patties. Everything was delicious. I especially love the spicy sauce that comes with the jerk chicken. It's slightly sweet and extremely hot, so make sure you get it on the side if you're not sure whether you can handle it. Bring good company, a couple six packs, and hang out in the courtyard while you wait for an available table. Don't go too hungry or if you have somewhere to be after your meal. Do go if you have patience & love good food!I did not eat at the Jamaican Jerk Hut so this post has nothing to do with the food, although it looked decent.  
I came here for a small going away party for my friend.  The place is a BYOB so my friend purchased a keg and paid a $50 corkage fee to allow us to drink at his expense.  I think they have a reasonably small corkage fee for wine/6packs/etc. and while $50 seemed semi steep I guess its not too bad to bring a whole keg to a restaurant.  
Clearly this is a summer time place with 90% of the seating being outside and a large grass area for hanging out, people were passing a soccer ball back and forth while we were there.  The outdoor space is simply amazing and unmatched by anywhere in the city.  It's so amazing in fact that  I don't understand how this place even exists since the piece of property has got to be worth millions.  
While we hung out on a perfect night a reasonably decent reggae band played which only added to the awesome outdoor space and the summer vibe.  
Several of my friends got food and it looked surprisingly good.  I will definitely return on a nice night for some byo beers and some grub.  
One weird thing I thought was for a short while I thought this place was owned by Guy Fieri.  The restaurant I think was once visited by the restaurant reviewer on one of his TV shows.  They obviously took great pride in this and put Guy's face on the back of their servers t-shirts.  I just thought it was weird that the place was so proud that some dude happened to come to their restaurant. 
Overall a good place, with a great outdoor space, and a fun vibe.  I'll be back.I went here with a friend on a living social deal.  Needless to say I will never come back.  The food was not even authentic west indie food (I know because my family is from Trinidad).  The curry chicken was too Americanized and lacked the flavor and spice that authentic west Indie curry has.  My friend had the jerk chicken and the chicken was spicy but lacked flavor.  
Wont be back, even with a deal.A young lady from Jamaica opened up a small struggling restaurant in south philly about 22 years ago.  Her name was Nicola and she was my friend-  her jerk chicken was FIRE.  It was Hella good.  It was the first time I ate Jamaican food.  I took my husband here for one of our first dates.  There used to be Bob Marley music playing in the background,  it was a magical place.  Over the years I came back often.  Then it changed drastically.  The platters got smaller and the prices got bigger,  food quality suffered.  Yesterday I paid $30.00 for 2 jerk platters-  it was a dry boneless skinless chicken breast a cup of rice and about 2tb of cabbage.  It was terrible.  So disappointing.  I won't be coming back.ya man welcome to jamaica. i have been here twice and both times the food was great. the place kinda looks shabby but the food is great. so if your going for looks then its not the place to go, but if your like me and there for good jamaican jerk chicken and caloulou then its the place to go, hey the price is good too.Jerk chicken is always good just enough spice!! Love the cabbage & beans & rice too one of my favs whenever I'm in the city!First let me state that I am from the islands, so I have a certain standard that has to be met.
I went to Jamaican Jerk Hut and had a goat roti.  I thought it was OK.  The roti was a little on the dry side, so the dahl puri was falling out of it.  The curry goat had a little too much potato and not enough of a kick to the curry.  If I need another fix, and can't wait to get to Brooklyn, I will go back.  I wanted to try the meat patties, but they were out.
Service was not bad.  He wasn't the most attentive, but he did his job.  I find that it served as a quick fix.