You don't have to be a meat eating machine to enjoy this place.  We indulged ourselves with the artisan cheese plate, a mix of green salad, octopus, and the fish fry.  I loved everything that we ordered.  Anytime i see octopus on the menu it's a definite must.  The fish fry was one of the best if not the best fish/chips I've ever had.  The cod tasted very fresh and the breading was light/airy but very flavorful.  Our waitress did warn us about over ordering.  I was looking at the seafood paella and she mentioned it might be too much food.  She was right, we had just enough indulgence without feeling overstuffed.  I loved the intimacy of this place.  It's small but not cramped.  Our waitress brought out a delicious strawberry ice cream with blackberry compote all made in house for a birthday treat.  This place will definitely not cramp your wallet.  Their prices are very reasonable and budget friendly compared to other places for tapas around town.  Looking forward to my next trip here already.I can't even put into words how wonderful my experience was here, but I'll try!
First, we were a part of 3 without a reservation (we tried getting one but they were booked and I went anyway hoping they had left room for walk-ins). We waited about 40 minutes before being seated but enjoyed an appetizer and drinks at the bar. The service was EXCELLENT from beginning to end. The host, Adam, was friendly and relaxed and did his best to get us a table in the crowded restaurant. The bar staff was also kind, and made great recommendations. Our sever, Madeline, was fantastic. She was chill and sweet, and we never had to ask for anything as she was always on top of it. The busser was there to clear away and re-mis the table asap. 
Now.. for the good part.. the FOOD! This was easily the best meal I've had in a long time. We had the Chef's board (meat and cheese with accompaniments.. need I say more?) crispy eggplant fries (omg) figs and chorizo (incredible) the best brussel sprouts I've ever eaten in my life, a salad with fried goat cheese (yes, fried. goat. cheese.), Gambas (honestly didn't like them but everything else made me forget), scallops that I can's stop thinking about, the world's greatest bread pudding (and I didn't even think I liked bread pudding) and the most ridiculous, outrageous, perfectly delicious brownie sundae the world has to offer. Did I mention they also serve La Columbe coffee??! 
I can't wait to go back.Came here on a Monday night. I have to say that this place really rocks. Great atmosphere and the waitress was extremely friendly and always made sure everything was okay. 
We had a table of two and ordered 3 dishes:
For the appetizer we had the eggplant fries. Hands down, these were the best fries I have had in my life. They had such a crisp outside and melted in your mouth on the inside. I really have to learn how to make this at home!
We also ordered the Charcuteria, a cold cut platter, which was a refreshing intermission between the appetizer and entree.
The both of us shared the Seafood Paella as our final dish. Portions were large enough to share among two people. The paella had a nice sticky consistency and was cooked and flavored perfectly. 
I wish I had the chance to try some other tapas, but they don't have a tapas aside from the separate tapas sampling menu, so you have to ask about it or take a look on the specials written on the wall. I am glad I tried the eggplant fries though. Still makes my mouth water thinking about it!Came with some friends for a late-night happy hour. Between the white wine sangria and the red wine sangria, the red is the definite winner. We also ordered some late night happy hour food including a charcuterie board, some deviled eggs, some croquets, and a potato-based frittata. The food was alright, but nothing was amazing. I did not enjoy the frittata though and felt the texture was not there. It satisfied our late night munchies though.OMG - what can I say - this is truly one of the best Tapas restaurants I have been to & I have been to many. It is one of my must go to places every time I am in Philly. The food is incredible, from the bacon wrapped dates to the mushroom flatbread, bronzino, scallops - everything just explodes with flavor. This time we even had dessert, spanish donuts with a dipping sauce - heavenly.
Service is good, space is very tight inside so you have to be comfortable with that type of environment. Also, as others have said it is quite dark inside, but for me that makes for a great intimate place to have a romantic dinner. They do  have outdoor seating in the summer, but it is literally right on the sidewalk with no barrier/plants up so I'm not a huge fan especially in the very hot weather.
I would strongly recommend a reservation as they have a small number of indoor tables & have been very busy every time I have been here. Definitely check this place out if you are in Philly & love tapas!amazing food great service and great wine selection hands down philly rocksWonderful Tapas with great flavors, choices and service. The sangria is great and plenty of fine wines by the glass and bottle.Cute place and have been here before because I liked the food BUT the service and staff need an overhaul. We ordered lots and had 2 bottles of cava and still our server was rude and inattentive.  The one host was nice and tried to help but it was too late by then, it ruined our experience.  The people next to use agreed as well. Our woman server clearly didn't want to be there. The vibe was just off.Decent location, decent food, nothing special. Wouldn't exactly recommend people to come here, but it would also be incorrect to say it was a bad restaurant.Hubby and I did 10 tapas and pitcher sangria deal at Jamonera. Papa Frita , charcuterie, duck sausage and quail egg on toast absolutely delicious. Bacon wrapped dates were ok, dates were really sweet and bacon was overcooked. Fried Crab manchego balls and melon, proscuitto salad also really good, sweetness of melon worked well with salty cheese in salad. Spanish tortilla flavor was mediocre, didn't care for the overly salted cream poured over it. Lastly, garlicky mussels and Bronzino, very good. Mussels were not gritty and bread soaked up juices perfectly. Fish was flaky, tender, cooked just right.
Enjoyed the Roja sangria, and server was very nice and attentive. He made a great suggestion for a craft beer that my husband enjoyed. All in all we had a good time tonight,,would def return soon. 
(Music volume was pretty loud but not unbearable, and it's rather dark, so bring your glasses to see menu lol.)Ok, so the service was excellent.  Went on a wednesday and had an ok crowd, felt well taken care of.  We had the deep fried goat cheese, the steak, the scallions, grilled shrimp, the iberico ham, and the charcuteria.  Now all of the food was good.  Probably 4.5 stars however the iberico ham was a 5+ star dish.  It was bursting with flavor and so amazingly good. You'll love it.This is a tapas place they give you a very big portions
We shared about 6 or 7 dishes and they did a very good job with all . Everything was fresh vibrant and prepared to perfection they do a great job with mixed drinks and cocktails . And the service was pretty good the only downside of this restaurant is it is very small so it's a little crampedWe just had dinner on Sunday during the Philly Wine Week and had the Paella special with an excellent bottle of wine.  A great Rose from Spain that was a perfect match with the whole meal.  Doug/Gabriel was a great waiter and took very good care of us.  I commented that the decor was excellent and the noise level was perfect.  The other restaurants in this group are always very noisy.  Barbuzzo, Lolita, Bud & Marilyn's so it was an enjoyable date night out with my wife.Would definitely come back next time we are in town. The red sangria was great; Manchego croquetas were good but small serving size (as expected since it's a "small plate"). Skirt steak and papas Frita were delicious as well.I stopped by here for a drink with Michael G. a few days after opening and I was excited to see that it had a decent crowd for a Tuesday night.  Inside Jamonera there is a great feel - they did a fantastic job with the lighting and the decor.  I ordered the Sangria and Michael had a glass of Spanish red.  We perused the menu and planned our next meal while chatting with the friendly bar staff.  Will definitely be back to try the food!Arrived right in time for our 7 pm reservations, and were promptly seated. Service was impeccable from that point on - our waitress was attentive, but not overly so. Paced dishes well. Remembered to check on our drinks. Cracked a cute joke and made us feel comfortable. 5 stars for service! 
Atmosphere is dark & loud... getting used to this in Philly. I tend to wish the noise level was SLIGHTLY lower in most restaurants (to allow for easy conversation), but that seems to be the norm. I liked the murals (?) on the walls, the colors, and I agree that although it's small, it's not quite Barbuzzo small. 4 stars for atmosphere. (On a side note - a great date location... saw a number of them there tonight!)
On to the FOOD... We had the: 
Figs & Chorizo. With balsamic and some kind of crumbly cheese and grapes and crusty grilled bread. VERY good - especially as soon as I realized that the sauce was DELICIOUS and wanted to sop it all up. 4 stars. 
Fried Goat Cheese. Probably my favorite dish... complex, light, green, citrusy. Really yummy. 4.5 stars.
Chef's Board (w/blue cheese, pork rillette and... one add'l cheese and meat). This was good, but not mind blowing. We left some of the rillette (although none of the cheese!).  The "Nutella" spread was a little out of place (although very good). Not the best (nor worst) board I've had - and probably is paling in comparison to Barbuzzo's charcuterie plate, which I had a week ago. 3 stars. 
Grilled Octopus. Yes, I'm a fan of octopus. This was *perfectly* cooked - tender, tasty, slightly charred. The garnishes were good. Overall, I suppose it lacked a bit of seasoning. 4 stars. 
There were a BUNCH of other dishes that I would order! And their dessert menu looked interesting (churros, yum!). Drinks/wine were excellent. Overall, a solid, pleasant experience and an impressive dinner for an out of town (and out of country) guest!I was so excited for this place to open.  We went in tonight hoping to relive Barcelona. Ok, maybe that was too much... Regardless, in the end, we were a bit disappointed.  
Our determination to find an awesome Spanish restaurant in the area continues...
First, the service was great.  We even had a chance to speak to one of the owners for a bit.  The decor was modern and simple...we couldn't remember what Bindi used to look like inside.
Food - we looooved the medjool dates, pumpkin croquettes and warm honey cake.
The rest were pretty good but we were overwhelmed by salt overall.  That took away from the experience a lot.
We also got the Pig's tail a la plancha (you won't know it's Pig's tail!)
avocado/orange/fennel/salt cod salad (very refreshing!!!) 
Hericot verts/snap pea salad (different...)
crispy rice (yummy but soooo salty)
Manila clams with short pasta (similar to the shrt pasta paella)
papa frita (their version of patatas bravas but we missed the traditional spicy aioli)
Shishito peppers (I know it wasn't pepper from Spain but these were waxy and thick - no good).
Oh, and Shortbread with honey/almonds/cheese.  Pretty good also.
So...yes, we love tapas and Spanish food, but no this wasn't our favorite tapas meal.
However, they did just open :)What hasn't already been said ...hmmm ...order the side of griddled bread! Seriously, it's only $2 and is salty-crispy-fantastic.
My wife loved the salad with fried goat cheese and raved about the scallops, she gives both 5 full stars. I tried the salad and agree with her generous rating. As for the scallops, I can't say because I'm allergic. (sigh)
I ordered the anchovies (4 stars) and loved the way they balanced out the saltiness with bright flavors. The star of my night was the foie gras (5 stars), rich and decadent. Honestly, it was a steal at only $12 - you just don't find foie dishes this good at that price. I followed the server's recommendation and had a glass of sherry with the foie gras, but I probably would go red wine next time instead. Not the server's fault as she let me try it first, but that sherry was sooo strong.
I'd give nearby sister restaurants Barbuzzo and Lolita a slight edge over Jamonera, but that's just splitting hairs. Jamonera is certainly five star great.Excellent.  Went during Restaurant Week.  Everything was fantastic.  Had the skirt steak and the caraspulla (sp.?) rice.  This more than compensates for the nasty Rest. Week meal we had at St. Tropez.Really great place for tapas. I came here with my boyfriend and another couple and we shared 5 small plates and 1 paella entree. We left feeling full but not too stuffed. The cocktails were really good, especially the Bizet, which has passion fruit juice. I really liked the veggie platter and the bacon wrapped dates.I am a huge fan of sangrias and I was so excited to try Jamonera's. I was more eager to try it after the bartender told me their sangria is "specially good" when he saw me contemplating what to get between the sangria and a cocktail. When I got the red sangria with a friend, I was very disappointed. It had no sweetness to it at all whatsoever, and if I have to choose a word to describe the taste, it would better or sour. It actually made me think if the sangria pitcher I saw the bartender take out of a small fridge was a few days old...
However! the small plates we got were amazingly good. The restaurants located around 13th and sansom never let me down when it comes to food!   My friend and I shared the 
-Pan Con Tomate: if you are a fan of bread with healthy vegges and don't mind having no meat, go for it. The dish itself is so simple it's full of flavor from the tomatoes and garlic roasted bread. 
-Brussel sprouts (can't remember the name):I can'at say more than.. just go try it. Full of fresh flavor as well. not too greasy and not salty. 
-Albondigas: basically meatballs with ibores cheese and gooooood sauce. You will never find a sauce like this w/ meatballs. 
I definitely recommend trying the food at Jamonera. I will go back for the big entrees next time. I actually wanat to try the sangria again to see if I went on a "bad" day.. but. oh yes, they have a Spanish beer (can't remember the name...) that was not hoppy and not too heavy tasting. Will def go back for this beer! 
Make sure you make a reservation on the weekends. We were lucky to get 3 seats at the bar  just in timeStopped in for a drink and an app with the Mrs. after the Christmas Village.  She had the Levante (tequila-based) and it was fantastic.  I had the Viejo (bourbon-based)...it's made with Jim Beam, but I could not tell!  Nice spot, food looks good, we had the Papa Frita for a nosh and it was incredible!To celebrate 5 1/2 years and 1 year until our wedding *gasp*, my fiance and I made reservations at Jamonera because gosh darnit, I love Spanish tapas. It was technically Restaurant Week, but after looking over the menus I said no way and we ordered off of the regular menu, which was a far better call.
We were celebrating, so obviously drinks were necessary - my fiance got the Alhambra cocktail ("very generous" were his first words, and then no I couldn't have a sip :P ), while I decided there was no way to pass up an opportunity to try 3 different sherries, which was a terrific decision once our food came out. Our server graciously gave us a teeny bowl of olives and Spanish almonds while we waited for food, which we needed to tame growling stomachs. Food came out two at a time, so no overcrowding our table:
LANCASTER PIG EGG (deviled farm egg, romesco, crispy pig belly): wow delicious, the warm, smoky pig belly was heavenly atop the creamy eggs. Best deviled egg my fiance has ever had (and I may have to agree). The romesco was also delicious, but hard to eat with the egg sadly
WARM MEDJOOL DATES (stuffed with valdeon, wrapped in serrano ham,
piquillo-almond sauce, shaved celery-apple salad): so freaking delicious, best dates I've ever had, BUT extremely rich, I could only eat 1 and it came with 3. The salad was a nice, bright contrast
I had a manzanilla sherry with that first course - its amazing how much the food changes the taste of each sherry. Very light and dry, relatively drinkable on its own but way better with stuffed dates
SALT ROASTED BEETS (shaved sunchokes, toasted sunflower seeds, cabrales): a really delicious, light plate, the beets just melt they're so tender
PULPO A LA PARILLA (grilled spanish octopus, fingerling potato,
fennel-orange salad, castelventrano olives, pickled chorizo): when Yelp says it's good, who am I to argue? Seriously tender octopus, but it wasn't our favorite dish of the evening (and my fiance didn't like the amount of salt he got in his first two bites - I didn't think it was too salty)
I had an almontadillo with those two dishes, which was a truly delicious sherry with a slightly nutty flavor
LUCIO'S DIRTY EGG ("pringa style" braised shortrib, spanish fried farm egg,
chistorres chorizo, house made sherry vinegar-hot sauce): one of the best dishes of our evening, the shortrib is super tender, but it is a VERY hearty dish and one that, maybe with only a vegetable dish, I personally could call a meal. We were STUFFED after that.
My final sherry was an oloroso, which was PERFECTION with our last dish. If you're going to be ordering a lot of meat/pork dishes, go with an oloroso sherry.
There was no way we could order dessert after all of that food, but we didn't mind too much because it was a really good meal. Service was fine but Restaurant Week can throw a wrench in things and at least it wasn't bad, no mix-ups and thankfully water is on each table. So glad we didn't do the RW menu because our food cost only $43 (not including taxes), and our drinks were $30! Paid less, got to order exactly what we wanted, and had a wonderful experience. We will have to come back to try the other dishes we missed.That time you go out for Spanish tapas with a group, and after every bite look at each other with eyes that say "oh my god!"  Loved all the small, relatively authentic Spanish dishes.  The pain con tomate is just perfection.Aye yi yi, where to start...
I don't like tapas. 
They are too small, too delicate, and tease my appetite like the popular girl in HS that is nice to you only so she can cheat off your biology exam (I'm looking at you Kelly). So when I found myself sitting at the bar at Jamonera waiting for a table I was less than thrilled.   
My buddy and I ordered two Osborne Bulls which was a Makers Mark and 4 exotic ingredients. It tasted like a $12 whiskey and cola... not impressed. I knew it, I was another victim of the trendy tapas joint.
Upon sitting our waitress reviewed the menu with us. This chick knew what she was doing, she had a personal take on every dish we pointed at, recommended several others, and gave us some updates on a few dishes that had just been updated. Hmmm, what's going on here, was she thawing my icy curmudgeon brain grapes??  
We started with Pig's tail a la Plancha, Calamari la Plancha, and the Gambas al Ajillo. I took one bite of the pigs tail and almost started break dancing. It was smokey, sweet, and a bit crispy. Who cares if it take two bites to finish, I can get more, I can get more. The garlic shrimp sat on top of what I assume was ambrosia, it was amazing as well (but I don't exactly know what it was). The Calamari la Plancha was a tough pick because there are several options of squid but I can't imagine any of them better than this. It was baked to perfection, no chewiness just an incredible flavor that melted in your mouth.
As to not get too wordy the other dishes we got were:
HUEVOS SUCIOS DE LUCIO 
HOUSE GROUND MERGUEZ SAUSAGE 
FOIE Y SETAS 
Each dish was just as good as the first three. I seriously couldn't believe how good everything was. I can't imagine anything on the menu not being primo.  We finished our meals off with some double milk stouts and when I left believe it or not I was full.We decided to try this place out for our anniversary. It's a venue itself is quite small but it makes up for it with its decor and cozy atmosphere. 
Big FYI:this is a tapas style restaurant so make sure to order enough plates to satisfy your hunger. Even the paella and entrées were smaller than expected and probably not worth the price.
In terms of food, I really wanted to love it but it was just ok. Nothing was bad but very few things blew me away unfortunately and that's why I have to give it only 3 stars.I went on a Thursday night, late around 10:30 PM with a friend of mine. At this time of night you will not need a reservation however I can see this place getting packed as it is not very big.
The food was very good, out of the five items I had only one of them really stood out. The albondigas were just so delicious and moist and cheese filled and the bread and the sauce that came with it were divine and delicious. I had the grilled octopus which was nice however if you are going with someone who is not well-versed in seafood I would refrain from ordering it. 
The best thing I had tonight was their drink called "la primavera." It had Gin and a wonderful citrus summer flavor. 
I am giving it a four out of five stars because it was definitely a wonderful experience, between the food and the wait staff and the drinks, however it wasn't anything that blew me out of the water.This place was open for a couple years before I got to it. Won't be a couple years before I'm back again.  Loved everything I had. Kind of pricey, but nice date spot.
Awesome food. One of the best tapas spots out bro.Sat outside with a group of friends for quick drinks and apps. I like their menu, but I also dislike their menu. There's just SO much stuff on it! You'd spend almost an hour reading everything and trying to decide what to get. I settled on the watermelon and jamon. We also shared a sangria, but it was BAD. It tasted like a small pitcher of watcher with a splash of wine, and tiny pieces of apple. I wasn't a fan of the sangria here. 
The service was very nice though and the little app that I had was very good, but I would like to come back to give it a real try with entrees. 3 stars it is for now.Overall, a good experience. The staff was attentive and provided solid recommendations (namely, everything on the menu). We went with the Warm Medjool dates (4 bacon wrapped dates) which provided a great mix of sweetness and salt. The Vegetable Tapas Board also provided a tasty mix of greens. The Pan Seared Bronzino was delicious and provided the most bang for your buck by portion. The Albondigas (meatballs) were huge and very flavorful. 
All in all, a good quiet spot for groups or dates with candlelight inside and a patio outside, good selection of food, and good service in a great location in the city.I was really excited when I received the email blast from Jamonera on Monday June 20th about their new happy hour specials. I was already planning to meet two friends for happy hour on Tuesday June 21st, and the tapas and drink specials looked right up our alley. I had never been before, and Jamonera's status on the Philly mag top 50 list intrigued me.
First off, compliments to the chef - the food and cocktails were delicious. We tried all of the happy hour tapas- my favorite was the croquettes (because who doesn't love a little fried ball of meat and cheesy goodness?). One of my companions loved the steak pinchos- they are slightly Korean barbecue inspired, which was unexpected. The tortilla espanola was delicious- amazing smoky flavor, but the presentation was a little off. Tapas should really be finger or toothpick foods that are easily shared, and this was presented more like a slice of quiche that we needed to use forks to cut up. The papas fritas were what you would expect of a potato, the sauce was good.
To drink we had a white sangria, a red sangria, and the levante cocktail. All exceptional recipes- the smoked chili honey in the levante gives it more of a kick than you would expect. I liked it.
So it's  a 2 star review because we sat at the bar (which only seats about 12-15 people) and had this bartender with THE WORST attitude I've had to deal with in a long time. When we sat down, it took so long to get menus that I just pulled up the menu on my cell phone instead and we read from that. The restaurant was busy, but steady busy, not crazy busy. And it's a small restaurant. The poor bar back would try to help the bartender, and he would just snap at him, "No I don't need your help." So the back would stand awkwardly off to the side trying not to get in the way. As he worked, the bartender huffed and puffed and grumbled to let everyone at the bar know that he doesn't like his job and he did not want to be there. At one point he looked at the customers and kind of raised his arms and then flapped them down letting out an audible sigh of discontent. Sort of like a 7 year old who doesn't feel like doing homework. My favorite moment: He finally took our order. I had watched him just make 2 levante cocktails about 2 feet away from my seat. I said "I think I'll have the levante- is that what you were just making?" he sighed, rolled his eyes and stammered "uhhh... I'm making alot of things." and then immediately walked away. 
So the food and cocktails tasted great- but I won't be returning because there is nothing worse than being served by someone who is burnt out on the industry.First timer over here! Sat at the bar, bartender was cool, especially with his tattoo that said "tattoo."! Lol 5 minutes left of happy hour so I ordered the goat cheese balls, those were delicious! And a drink, was pretty drunk already so I don't remember what he made me but it was good! Loved it here, will be back again!!My friend and I were looking for a place to eat downtown for happy hour and decided to try out Jamonera for the first time.  We were happy to have a not-so crowded place to sit outside.  We got some papa fritas and goat cheese croquetas to share.  The portions are miniature so it felt expensive, even though it was only $5 each.  Despite this, both were very tasty and I really loved their house hot sauce.  The drinks were reasonably priced for happy hour and were very tasty.  (We got the white sangria and I got one of happy hour cocktails.)  Overall it's a little pricier/fancier than what I prefer/can afford but it was overall a good experience. Very friendly and attentive wait staff.  I wouldn't rule out going again but it wouldn't be my first pick.The staff for me was the most off-putting-  the host only pointed the way for us to take a spot at the bar though there were open tables, the bartender who took our food order was barely cordial nor later took much interest in our satisfaction, a waitress for a nearby table roughly jolted my stool while passing without any acknowledgement of probably disturbing me, and their luxury-priced jamon Iberico was mostly hacked fatty shards instead of thin meaty slices like I've enjoyed in Spain.Went here with a group of friends the other night, and would you believe it, the guy from Mythbusters was behind the bar serving us. Spending that many seasons figuring out what germs were on a toilet seat or what a dead pig would do to a car must have really burnt him out because he was pretty miserable. He also clearly forgot the science behind mixing overpriced cocktails. I can imagine 16 seasons with a guy who's mustache and ego are bigger than the liquor selection here could do a number on you. The second star is for the cute chick working with him. She is a pro at polishing glasses and slinging out copious amounts of stink eye.
Can't wait to go back!Meh.  We had an OK dinner at Jamonera.  We each had a cocktail, and we had about 5 plates, including couple of salads, including the asparagus, and the hanger steak.  I thought everything was good, but not great.  All the sauces and dressings felt heavy (like our salad was over dressed).  I kept trying to cut pieces of the steak that hadn't touched the sauce.  The service was fine, though we had to remind our server to bring our last plate.  So it wasn't a bad meal, but it also wasn't great.  Meh.Dark, sexy, and minimalist-rustic decor. 
went on a Thursday at 9PM, so nice and chill
Recommend: 
the calamari en su tinto ---crispy and smoky flavor. nice to share. 
sea scallops---good, but nothing too interesting. it is accompanied with a few pieces of pork belly and topped with uni butter. we liked the mashed fava beans. 
pig tail--surprisingly meaty! but also fatty. but nice, crispy fat--the kind most don't mind eating. it is served atop a grilled slice of bread....and there are 2 people so perfect for 2 people! 
Spanish Doughnuts for dessert--fried  dough rarely fails. yumm. comes with dulce de leche dipping sauce (garnished with sea salt). Goes great with a cappuccino. 
and sangria sorbet---quite interesting, but nothing out of this world. yet still enjoyable. it is very sweet. and moderately alcoholic. 
the table next to us had an order of the garlic shrimp and skirt steak---both these dishes were bigger and looked delicious. 
I am definitely going back for more.Friends and I love this spot.  Have enjoyed sitting outside sampling dishes for late lunch/early dinner.  Food is OMG yummy! as is the white sangria.  To dine inside reservations are required and the book in advance quickly unless you hit it at an odd time & get lucky with an opening.We loved the diversity of the small plates. We had goat cheese salad, grilled shrimp, skirt steak, and scallops with chorizo, with eggplant fries on the side. My cocktail, called a Bizet, to start the evening, was divine--passion fruit purée!  My fav!  All of the small plates offered up a variety of wonderful flavors in every bite. I am only giving this great little spot four stars because we received a plate of chorizo, which should have been in the scallop dish, after we had finished our meal. I would expect better from one of their restaurants. But we will return. The restaurant is small and intimate with a lovely vibeI came here for this past restaurant week with a few of my friends. There were a lot of choices and we each found multiple things that we wanted to share. The food was very decadent and we were all pleased with our meals. They have an eclectic cocktail list and they were all also very good. We started the meal with the white bean puree and manchego cheese. They were delicious. For the entrees, I think the meatballs were by far the best. The bread pudding is also very good. I however did not feel the food was as "spanish" as I would have liked. I will have to go back at a time that it is not restaurant week to try it out more!If I could call myself any sort of sassy or seductive, this is where I would want to go on many ill-intentioned first dates. The ambiance is great for late night drinks. There's a sweet little selection of tapas, some of which are even veg-friendly. It's dark enough, definitely. The bartenders were really funny.
The first and last time I went here, the sangria made me and my date sick for the entire next day. Can't wait to come back and, uh, not drink the sangria.The warm tones and tight quarters of this small dimly-lit tapas bar help transport you directly to Spain as you are made to feel you have wandered into a quaint bodega off a Spanish street. The staff are friendly & knowledgable about the menu and able to help guide you toward delicious bites, although substitution/alterations might be difficult. The food itself is both creative & flavorful and the Spanish-centric wine & beverage list complement the menu perfectly. This is a great spot for a romantic evening out with someone special.I don't have words for how good this was..amazing...awesome...rapturous? It was so good so good so good! Ridiculously good...Every small plate had a multitude of flavors that left us trying to guess the layers and subtleties ..pumpkin croquettes on a puree of pumpkin seeds and brown butter is something you might give up your first born for!......and the house made hot sauce vinegar - now how can you get excited about vinegar? well go and try it on the fried potatoes and you will be amazed - From the charred intense meatiness of the steak to a "wet your pants" bread pudding it was an intense and incredible meal..If the lights had been a little lower we would have licked the plates and smuggled the vinegar out as we reluctantly went home! ..and this was a restaurant week menu...so much food and we eat it all..we shouldn't have eaten it ALL but we couldn't help ourselves..it was the sort of food you dream about.  The only down part was the aggressively loud "know it all" woman to  our left...when the tables are this close you are left at the mercy of your neighbors..and this one had no mercy..but seeing as you can't order your table neighbors with the food I guess it can happen anywhere....Go there NOW you will not regret it...Can I come with you?!I wanted to try Jamonera because Michele C. and Luba P. recommended it, it's on 13th Street where I never had anything below 4 stars, it's close to the Academy of Music for a pre-show dinner, and I am a big fan of Marcie Turney.
We tried the tasting menu which had more than enough food.  I was stuffed and thus no room for dessert. :-(  The fried artichokes with a lemon creme fraiche, so beautiful, fried perfectly on the outside while retaining the solid artichoke flavor was a highlight of the starters.  The roasted beets salad, the shrimp, the tuna tartare, all memorable small plates.  Everything else of the 10 small plate courses was very good also.  The flavors of all of the dishes were distinct and complimentary, ingredients fresh and flavorful.  I was pleasantly pleased with everything but the service, which was a little spotty, having to chase down the server for drink refills, to remove some of the completed dishes from the table, the check...
It's definitely a place I will return, cozy in this tight space, a nice relaxed bar, an appetizing drink menu, and excellent presentation and preparation of eats from the kitchen.This place is awesome and I cannot wait to go back. Decor is cozy and the location couldn't be better when it comes to great restaurants. The place looks larger on the outside, but is intimate and well decorated inside. 
I had a couple glasses of Cabernet which was fine.   Good wine, slightly chilled which is actually how it should be served. I personally drink my red wine at room temperature, but technically "room temp" is actually slightly cooled. Whatever, enough pretentiousness.
The key thing of note was the cheese and meat board that I had. Jamón ibérico is this Spanish ham that is basically fed acorns (among other things). Apparently there was (or is) an issue with importing this into the US which makes it pretty rare. I don't know why pigs would eat acorns, but when they do it makes them more tasty than usual.  So this place has this special ham and they include it on their meat and cheese plate which was absolutely amazing.
I ordered the board with this acorn fed ham, blue cheese and some dairy cheese (they didn't have a specific name). It came with a fig preserve, a horse radish mustard, smoked almonds and crusty bread. This was one of the better boards I have ordered and worked well with the wine. To be honest, eating this ham was the highlight of the night as I have been going on and on about it for a couple years now. 
So in summary, go to this place. Try the iberian ham as it is a delicacy and delicious. Great for happy hour or dinner. I am 100% going back and will try all the rest of the dished. Just from looking at the menu I can tell I will love it.Unusually good range of choices for a spanish place including plenty of veggie options. There were some larger plates like paella and scallops to choose from, as well as the more traditional small plates. The thing that made it tricky is the dishes were all different sizes - the crab croquettes were four balls so tiny we ended up ordering 3 portions between 5, yet the aubergine fries were giant. Service is also spanish style - unhurried: dishes come out as and when they're ready so arrive too hungry otherwise it will take you a while to fill up. Plates vary in price from around the $10 mark, up to nearer $30 for the paella (good for around 3/4 as a side). Honourable mention to the cocktails - the Bizet was one of my favourite I've had and reasonably priced at $9. For 5 people including 20% tip the check came to a little over $200.After living in Spain it had been difficult to find authentic food here.  This place however had a really good menu. I gave them a four because the service was not the best. The waitress was very friendly, but they were having a hard time handling the busy night. Overall I would definitely go back for their great menu!Just came here the other night for dinner. Love how the menu is broken into different sections.  We tried to order a few things from each.  We really loved each dish and how unique each one was.  The spanish breakfast was awesome. The octopus and calamari were also awesome.  Great tapas place to go on a date night or with friends to try a whole bunch of amazing plates.   The meat and cheese board is also a must.  Hard to say anything negative about this place.I had a great dinner at Jamonera the other night.  I love the ambiance/coziness of the place.  The croquettes and the stuffed dates were phenomenal -- definitely my favorite dishes of the evening.  We also had a delicious cheese board, the pigs tail sandwiches, the calamari in squid ink, and the shrimp with brandade on grilled bread.  The pigs tail was tasty, but not necessarily a standout.  The calamari had a nice smokey flavor, and the shrimp was a really nice dish.  We finished with the spanish donuts, which were excellent.  Unfortunately, I was so full from all of our other dishes that i could barely touch them!  Definitely recommend.Everything was great.  I wasn't sure how it would be because I went here on a whim (well, sort of, form the top 50 restaurants list in philly mag), but boy was I impressed.  AWESOME waitress, AWESOME food, AWESOME dessert, AWESOME wine.  We had the butternut squash croquettes, mushroom/truffle bruschetta, eggplant fries, steak, and scallops (it was our vday dinner, don't judge) and everything was phenomenal. For dessert I had the ricotta pound cake, and the thought of it is making my mouth water as we speak.
Definitely try Jamonera if you are on the fence, you will NOT be dissapointed.
AndreaThe ambience of the place is intimate and cozy, however when we we were walking in people were walking out complaining. Apparently they had been standing there for 10 minutes and because they didn't have a reservation were not getting paid attention to. I started off with the sangria, which was just ok. It was fall inspired but slightly tasteless. The cheese and meat plate was great, however the brusslesprouts and octopus were mediocre. Thy both were incredibly salty and the octopus was over cooked. The short ribs were delicious. I was expecting a lot more from the reviews, so I am hoping to give it one more shot.This was a solid place.  They servers were great and courteous.   It's tapas styles with small plates.  I did like my food and this place is defintiely worth checking out but comparatively to simliar places in the city I don't think it would beat them out.Wonderful! The timing combined with the awesome special they were having led me to an amazing experience the leaves me eager to come back again.
We made a 5:00 reservation on a Wednesday, and my man and I were the only people in the place for the majority of our meal. I don't think I'd like this place so much at 7:30 on a Friday; it is pretty tight quarters. But not a problem on this lovely Wednesday.
Came for the special sherry pairings dinner. 7 courses, specifically designed for two people to share, each paired with a different sherry. (Last course actually came with 2 sherrys, so 7 courses and 8 sherrys total.) One word: amazing. Just the service alone is enough to make me want to come back. Our server, the sweetest blonde woman, was SO knowledgeable of every food and every sherry, I was actually floored by how much knowledge she could retain without getting sherries that all looked the same mixed up.
For food we had:
-Oysters
-Calamari
-Pumpkin croquettes
-Rabbit
-Pork Belly
-Goat cheese salad
-Cheese & plum board
Everything was spectacular. Every course it was like "wait, no, THIS is my favorite now". Everything had unique flavor, and the combinations of ingredients in every course was so on-point, like the contrast of the fried goat cheese with the crispy nuts and arugula greens... It was a party in my mouth, course after course.
 For only $65 a person, it was a spectacular deal for such a good meal. (if you're sad you missed this... get on the email list, that's how I found out.) I cannot wait to come back and try the regular menu.Yum. Loved this restaurant. This is one of the first times in a long time that we have found a restaurant that had incredible food . It was well-prepared, creative as hell and used combinations of flavors that were imaginative and worked. Jess was our server and she was a true professional and friendly. Just the right combination as was everyone else who worked there. This is a go-back-to-restaurant. We went early before it got noisy, but next time, I am going to try a sherry as that is their specialty. 
The only small complaints I have were that the sauces were so tasty, they don't give you any bread to mop it up with nor spoons to get the last morsel. Although it's a Spanish tapas place, I think this is far more creative than the typical fried calamari thrown on a plate so go there even if tapas aren't your thing. This is a unique Philadelphia experience. Yay, finally a restaurant I can go back to!Direct quote from my boyfriend, "This is one of the best meals I've had!" And he had already started planning when we could make a return visit to Jamonera, before we even left the restaurant.
I've been wanting to try Jamonera after seeing Lindsay McClain win Chopped a few weeks ago. One of the judges called her dish "beyond reproach," so I had high expectations. And I was not disappointed.
My boyfriend and I shared the Papa Frita, which came with a homemade sherry-vinegar hot sauce that we could not get enough of. We also had the Crabmeat-Manchego Croquettes, the Seared Scallops, and the Mixta Paella, all were good, but I really enjoyed the Pork Belly that came with the Scallops. The Boyfriend really liked the paella. For dessert, we shared the Bunuelos, and it was the perfect end to an AMAZING meal. The Boyfriend, who has admitted to not being a fan of sweets and desserts, INHALED these warm little spanish donuts. 
Definitely deserved the win on Chopped and now they have our sincerest patronage.I have been there twice so far. Once for day time snacking and once I went there for weekend prefix. 
Prefix was definitely good deal. We get to try various dishes and they were not very crowded.
I really enjoyed my visit during the day time. Not many people come to that place during weekday daytime so it's very quite and you can chat with friends with good snack and drink. It wasn't the best tapas I have ever had but decent.Exquisitly crafted food. Love this place. The sherry tasting is a must expertly picked to meet the tastes of the food you have been aerved. Simply the best churro. Friendly staff. Love eating outdoors here in nice weather. Cant say enough good things about this restaurantFood is ok, but I felt like I payed too much for it. And small plates  are usually small and overpriced in most places. The sangria was average. Meh, probably wont be coming back.My husband and I ate here with a friend while visiting Philly, to get a taste of the city before we moved here. Their papa frita and paella mixta, so much flavor, I want more! I drank a levante, which was similar to a margarita, with a twist. You can't drink just one! We'll be back again.If you're in the mood for a food orgasm (who isn't??) come here! I'm not joking, we ordered 7 different plates (which I will elaborate on later) and every single bite sent my taste receptors on a wild adventure full of erotic aromas and beautiful flavors. Am I going over board? Hell no. Seriously this place is sinful! Okay enough of equating the food to a sexcapade. Lets get to the food before things get out of control. 
Medjool Dates: Bacon wrapped dates. Sweet and savory executed perfectly.
Buttnernut Squash Croquettes: Super hot. you'll burn your top palate so eat carefully. But delicious nonetheless. 
Mushroom Flat Bread: Mushrooms are fresh and there is this very nice green spread on the flatbread that complements the mushrooms perfectly. 
Shrimp dish: My personal favorite. The shrimp was amazingly fresh, a little spicy but had a nice smokiness to it. F'n Awesome
Scallops: cut a piece of scallop and eat it with the lemony radish and the frothy sauce and believe me, you'll feel the O-face coming on. 
Shortribs: Sweet potato puree + meat that melts in your mouth. Do the math, it equals heavenly. 
Creme Brulee: it comes with ice cream. Enough said.I find this place absolutely delicious. My most memorable dish was the scallops, which I got all to myself as I dined with two vegetarians. The tapas style lends itself to experiencing twenty-plus different tastes in one meal. You probably will not be full by the end of your dinner, though, unless you show up with a fat wallet. Be prepared to pay at least $10 a glass for the cheapest wine, as it all seems to be imported from Spain. I'd recommend making reservations early in the week because this place is packed nightly. I'll definitely head back with some meat eaters when I get the chance.
Little known secret is there are happy hour specials after 10pm Sunday through Thursday. $3 beer, $4 sangria, $5 wines and $2 tapas bites. This might be the best way to explore such a fantastic restaurant if you're on a budget.Definitely a highlight of our trip was finding this place.   We ordered a bottle of wine and had a cheese and meat board, and then some tapas.  Honesty every bit was amazing and the perfect highlight to a fun day in the city.   The place is local and small and unique... just what we wanted.   We had the mushroom flatbread, meatballs which were roasted and stuffed with cheese, and roasted shrimp with cornbread croutons.   Love this place.  Only regret was not getting dessert!I waited to check out this place after my recent trip to Spain. After having authentic (both restaurant and home made) Spanish tapas, I feel that now I have some bases for my reviews on restaurants which serve Spanish tapas as they claim. 
We stopped by here on a weekday evening. Since it's during restaurant week, all the tables are reserved by restaurant week crowded. But we were happy with grabbing two seats by the bar. 
I started with a glass of 2010 Monastrell which is quite different from a lot of Spanish red I have had. The first sip was full of fruity flavors and the after taste was on a sweet end but rich. Definitely a well-balanced wine that goes well with red meat and saucy food. 
We decided to skip the cheese boards because they all look pretty common and you can find those at a much cheaper price on Reading Terminal or any decent supermarket. 
For food, we picked up a few standard.
1. Tortilla Espanola (Spanish omelet): Very different from what I was expecting. It's much less mushy than the Spanish omelet I had in Spain and parts of it tasted undercooked. The part that threw me off a little was that they put some kind of garlic aioli sauce on top of the omelet. Why? It shouldn't have needed the sauce. I want the taste of egg and potato to be highlighted, not a mouthful of creamy sauce. 
2. Shishito Peppers: it was definitely my lucky night! I kept getting those hot spicy ones. They were fine for what it is.
3. Pulpo a la Parilla (grilled octopus): this dish is a much complicated version than the simple grilled octopus. The use of parsley and fennel was clever, but it cannot hide the fact that the octopus is not as tender as it could be. 
4. Albondigas (meatballs): They are okay meatballs but I do like the tomato jamon sauces they were soaked in.
It was an average meal overall. With the amount of money it costs us, I don't think it justifies for the average execution and quality of ingredients. It makes me miss Spain more and reminds me of the essentials of Spanish cuisine. If you can cook with those fresh seafood and ingredients, you won't need to use much sauce to bring up the flavors of the dish. The simplicity sometimes could be as well the hardest thing to achieve.When at Jamonera last night for my first visit, I learned that it was restaurant week, which I will return to enjoy. This time, however, I chose the Happy Hour menu. And happy it was, with Doug, the bartender, guiding me in my choice of beverage (the Bizet) and tapas. He was right regarding both. Another great restaurant by Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran.I liked Jamonera, but not as much as I liked Amada. The food was good, but maybe not the price point. Nothing really truly stood out to me. The best flavored dish was the octopus. Paps fritas were nothing special, and the hot sauce wasn't all that. The cana de caba was quite good. Albondigas were OK. I guess I wasn't as charmed, especially because Amada just so much better in comparison.I made a reservation for Jamonera at 6.30pm on a Friday - there weren't any free reservations between then and 9pm. It was pretty crowded when I got there, especially since it was quite a small (but cosy place).
My friend and I got two small plates and two large ones to share:
- Papa frita: the potatoes came piping hot, which is always a plus! I especially enjoyed the house made sherry vinegar hot sauce, which was more sweet than spicy. It complemented the saltiness of the potatoes perfectly.
- Warm Medjool dates: the best dish of the night! It was stuffed with valdeon (a strong blue cheese, but not too overpowering) and wrapped in smoked bacon. The dates were sweet and plump, and the bacon is, well, bacon. Always delicious, and grilled with crisp edges. I would go back just for this!
- Grilled octopus: two big tentacles of pulpo, yum! It was chewy - just the right texture. However, the sauteed peppers and onions that accompanied the dish was a little plain
- Skirt steak: the steak came medium, which is what we requested for. Props to Jamonera for that, because usually, if we ask for medium rare, it would be closer to medium well. Other than that, the steak wasn't anything extraordinary. The fingerling potatoes were well done, with the skin coming off easily with a bite.
The service was a tad bit slow, as my friend and I waited about 15 minutes in between the small and large plates. We didn't mind much though, since we were catching up.
Overall, it was a pleasant experience at Jamonera! The dates were amazing and I would come back for it, but everything else didn't blow me away.Jamonera
105 S 13th St, Philadelphia, PA 19107 (215) 922-6061  jamonerarestaurant.com/
Marcie Turney & Valerie Safran's Spanish wine bar on 13th Street in Center City, Philadelphia.
With a nice al fresco dining area, many patrons that evening chose to dine outside, but of course since I wanted shots of the restaurant exterior, I declined an outside table. And the view inside was nothing to sneeze at either:
Look at that marvelous wood grating that serves as the ceiling.  A well stocked bar lit by bright LEDs makes this at once a hip and modern place.  A pseudo-Picasso painting adorns the wall and keeps nicely with the "red" theme of the restaurant.
Loved the wooden tables and chairs.  Candles were a nice touch.  
To start, I ordered this delicious gin based cocktail - La Primavera (Spanish for spring). It is composed of gin, honey, fresh lime, cardamom, and black pepper. Briefly: sweet with some spice. It was garnished nicely with a flower denoting a "spring" theme to the drink. Cardamom is of course a spice native to India with a unique flavor and aroma that is hard to put into words. It defies the boundaries of normal sensory comparisons. It is compellingly strong, yet delicate; sweet, yet powerful; with an almost eucalyptus freshness.
Food is served family style: that is, it is brought out as soon as it's ready and set in the center of the table for people to share. Hence with each course, you are given a new round of small plates. With this is mind, 4-5 courses is a good, hearty portion for two at Jamonera. To start the evening, we begin with: Local Farm Salad (Gap, PA). Grilled market vegetables, whipped goat cheese, hand torn croutons, lemon-honey vinaigrette.  Loved the lemon-honey vinaigrette. Absolutely delicious.
PAPA FRITA (v) 6 crispy skin potato, wood smoked garlic aioli, brava salt, house made sherry vinegar-hot sauce. It was a bit spicy but not TOO spicy. The garlic aioli was excellent (white sauce in the picture). Aioli or aïoli is a Provençal sauce made of garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, usually egg yolks, and seasonings.  Brava salt is usually made from espresso. A perfect finishing salt for steaks and roasts, it can also be used in rubs and marinades or as a delicious addition to chocolates and desserts.
MUSHROOM COCA (v) 10 sautéed wild mushroom flatbread, urgelia cheese, arugula-almond pesto.  Had a sweet flavor to it colored by urgelia cheese. Urgelia (also called Queso de l'Alt Urgell y la Cerdanya) is semi-soft cows milk cheese made in Alt Urgell and Cerdanay in the Catalonia region of northern Spain. The mixture of the bread, cheese and mushrooms mixed very well with the arugula pesto sauce. Arugula pesto is made with fresh arugula leaves, garlic, olive oil, walnuts, and Parmesan cheese.
BERENJENAS (v) 7 crispy eggplant fries, smoked tomato salmorejo, truffle honey, zamarano cheese. Salmorejo is a purée consisting of tomato and bread, originating from Cordoba in Andalusia, south Spain. It is made from tomatoes, bread, oil, garlic and vinegar. Normally, the tomatoes are skinned and then puréed with the other ingredients. The purée is served cold and may be garnished with diced Spanish serrano ham and diced hard-boiled eggs. Zamorano (Spanish: Queso zamorano) is a sheep's milk cheese made in the province of Zamora, Spain.
PORK TENDERLOIN 15 grilled pork, sugar plum caper chutney, seared fingerlings, arugula. The sugar plum chutney gives the pork a sweet, fruity taste which helps to sweeten the pork.  Pork was tender and the fingerling potatoes balanced the meal.
ALBONDIGAS 10 manchego stuffed meatballs, serrano ham, green olive tapenade, sherry-tomato sauce, grilled baguette. Manchego is a cheese made in the La Mancha region of Spain from the milk of sheep of the manchega breed. The green olive tapenade is a greenish dipping sauce under the baguette which accompanies it quite nicely. Usually it's made with olives, garlic, capers, thyme and olive oil.
SPICED PEAR SORBET 7 rosemary-sea salt shortbread. Excellent shortbread cookies and the sorbet was very tasty as well. It was a nice excellent finish to a great meal.
Of Note:
Spotless restroom facility.  However, there was only 1 bathroom that I could see (it was dark behind the curtains leading to the bathroom).  Would expect a few more toilets for an entire restaurant.  However, it was quite apparent the facility must have been serviced hourly because one could eat off of that toilet seat.Tasty, large tapas and good wine. A little bit overpriced. We sat outside and had a homeless man come ask us to buy him dinner a few times. The waitresses seemed to know him. The inside looked like a great place for a date night (albeit a bit dark), and would help you avoid being solicited during dinner.Visited Jamonera on a friend's recommendation, but was utterly disappointed. 
I have never been to Europe n hence have no knowledge of authentic European cuisines. However I am a connoisseur of good food and this place left a sour taste in my mouth, literally.
From the strawberry bruschetta (they called it something else though) to the meat ball gravy: most dishes were extremely sour. 
The paella was flavorless and the crab croquettes (again they called it something else) had no crab and were basically cheese balls with a hint of mashed potatoes!
Even the drinks were unimpressive and the bar had a bad (read dead drunk) crowd.All I can say is that Jamonera is a wonderful dining experience.  Sure, you will need to make a reservation way in advance.  And sure, it won't be the cheapest meal you've ever eaten.  But, trust me, it'll be spectacular.
First, the location.  Perfectly situated in Center City- close to lots of shopping, bars, and public transportation.  A perfect location for meeting up with friends who live all over the Philly area and the perfect location for making the meal into an entire night out on the town.  Next, the decor/ambiance.  You really do feel like you are in a tiny tapas restaurant in Spain.  It feels cozy and intimate without feeling like you are dining in a cave.  And then we come to the service.  Top Notch.  For sure.  They are extremely helpful in making sure every table's needs are met- especially when it comes to the inevitable question of tapas  "how much/many do we need to order?"  
Now the real reason you eat out:  the food.  I'm just going to list what (I can remember) we ordered because our group of 6 ordered a whole lotta yum yums:
PAPA FRITA- fried potato wedges with a spicy aioli.  The serving size was huge.  A must try
IBERICO HAM CROQUETAS- fried croquettes stuffed with cheese and ham.  They were very delicious.  Not the easiest thing to share.
CALAMARES EN SU TINTA- squid fried in its own ink.  Not one of my favorite dishes- it was a bit salty
CHEF'S BOARD- pretty standard selection of cheeses and meats, with accompaniments.  I thought it was a bit pricy ($17) for what it was.
AGUACATE- avocado salad.  I really enjoyed this one. I liked the mix of the savory avocado and the sweet and sour of the oranges and grapefruit
ALBONDIGAS- meatballs.  These were one of my favorites.  Pretty simple but very very tasty.  Good for sharing.
LUCIO'S DIRTY EGG- shortrib with potatoes on the side and a fried egg on top.  This dish was amazing.  I could of ate the entire dish by myself.
PAN SEARED SKATE- probably my favorite dish.  Fish was cooked perfectly and the rice on the side was crazy good.
BUNUELOS- this was one of our desserts.  It consists of donuts with caramel and chocolate dipping sauces.  Make sure you order enough orders for everyone to get a couple of these donuts.  They were amazing.  
There were a few more dishes that I can't even remember.  Our total damage was about $100 a couple, and that included a few beers/cocktails/glasses of wine for each person.  I think if it was just me and my husband, we could have spent less- maybe $75 total.
I really enjoyed my visit to Jamonera and would recommend it for a date night or a couples get together.  You are guaranteed to have not only a great meal, but an overall great time.  A must-visit for Philadelphia!The attitude of the servers masked the delicious food and overall experience; as I heard them speak their own opinion amongst themselves about our own personal topic of conversation and the way my friend was eating her food and holding the spoon. 
We wanted walk out immediately after we confronted the servers about what they were laughing about, however the talented chefs tremendous efforts on food and how delicious our meal were undeniably the reasons that we stayed till we finished enjoying the food itself. 
If you are looking for a good bistro-esque atmosphere and delicious food, please enjoy without the expectation that you will be respected.Love their late-night weekday happy hour: Sunday-Thursday, 10:30pm-12am. Beer specials, wine specials, sangria specials, food specials.  The $2 deviled eggs are TO DIE FOR.
I'm serious.  Bury me with a Jamonera deviled egg in my mouth.The food was very good at Jamonera. Everything I ordered was flavorful, and thoughtfully presented. The restaurant boasts a truly impressive sherry menu and wine list, and all in all is a nice addition to the 13th St. neighborhood. Service was great, and our waitress was really knowledgeable in regards to the menu. 
Jamonera, however, misses the boat on Spanish tapas. While some of the dishes clearly draw inspiration from (or try to emulate) traditional Spanish preparations, they just get it wrong in terms of authenticity. The ingredients are all there, in many cases, but the flavors and textures as you'll experience them almost anywhere in (southern) Spain are not (the bacon-wrapped dates being a notable exception). Calling some of the dishes a twist on Spanish cuisine even seems to be a bit of a stretch. The dishes, in many cases, were also much too complex to be considered tapas, crowded with unnecessary sides. Sure, the portions were small and shareable, but the comparisons end there. The essence of the tapa, of Spanish cooking, is in its simplicity, something lost at Jamonera where they've tried to cram too many ingredients onto a small plate. 
In sum: really great food, nice ambience, but inauthentic in terms of flavors and concept.The food was delicious and they had great wines by the glass.  Even though they were crowded and we had just walked in the host was super friendly and tried to accommodate us.   The entire experience was stellar.   I do recommend.Words can not explain... amazing... service... amazing if Jess is working ask for her... Food... OMG decadent, savory, Delicious, tasty, wonderfully wonderful... Went late night and tried the Spanish beer, sweet but not overly sweet, great taste, the ink encrusted calamari wow who knew... I just don't know what to say... you need to go there and experience for yourself... I will be returning soon.,..I'm not usually a fan of tapas because I love me some large portions, (leftovers, yay), but I went with a friend and we shared a few things, and we were full at the end... Satisfied...
Upside: All of our plates were yummmmmy... Deviled farm eggs with pork belly... Perfectly cooked scallops... Thinly-sliced lamb loin with pickled raisins... Shrimp with a tomato onion relish... All really great, and what I love is that they were portioned to share. There was 2 of things and 4 of things... I HATE when a tapas restaurant gives you an odd number on your plate when there's two of you. LIKE, WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO WITH THIS 3RD SHRIMP, RIGHT?!
Downside: The waitress and staff were a little pretentious. Two people came up to us in the beginning to tell us the hostess would be with us shortly. We kept thinking each person was the hostess, odd. Our waitress suggested that two people usually share six plates. She was obviously trying the upsell, but my friend and I are two thin girls. Let's be realistic, Jamonera... 
Plus, I ordered a wine, and I didn't like it... Granted I should have known a sherry would be bitter, but all the waitress told me was... "Well, we probably won't take it off your bill." Umm, with your prices I think you can afford to take this off my bill. So, I just chugged my $8 in one gulp.
Another gripe - $2 for bread! Seriously? You're going to charge me for bread, lame.
I would like to go back and sit inside this time when it starts to get colder. I hope they realize they are in a prime CC location, and the pretentious attitude is not welcomed.The quality of the drinks, the flavor of the ribs and the mouthwatering dessert I had are the only saving graces for an establishment I otherwise probably would have decided not to visit again.
For one, the service was lacking.  Our server was friendly and chatty, but really backed up even though it didn't seem packed and it was the only restaurant on 13th street on Friday night that still had available outdoor seating during the dinner rush.  It took forever for the drinks to come out (though they were delicious and fresh- I'll give them that.  My white wine sangria was perfectly tart).  Then my 3 friends got their entrees at least 15 minutes before mine.  I understand the paella requires far different preparation than the charcuteria (and 5 minutes would have been forgivable) but for them to be nearly halfway done with their meals before I even get mine is a little frustrating.
And my seafood paella wasn't even really worth the wait.  It was quite tiny for $27 (though still bigger than my friends' tiny entrees) and a lot of the rice was burnt to the bottom of the cast iron skillet, making it chewy and unpleasant to eat.  The rice actually tasted like those $2 yellow saffron Spanish rice packets you can get at the supermarket- not bad by any means, just underwhelming and overly gooey in consistency- not fluffy how I imagined.  The shrimp was the best, but scarce.  There was maybe one singular piece of octopus/calamari.  And the mussels, though there were plenty, were just okay.  I've had better at Devil's Den.  It was mostly just tons of rice heavily laden with spice.
The lemon/goat cheese/crabmeat arranchera appetizer was absolutely delicious- though only 1 ball per person and hardly any crabmeat.  The papas frites were tasty and a more substantial appetizer meant for splitting, so that's redeemable.  The rib entrée was quite possible the tastiest meat I've ever eaten, but again- there were only 3 measly little pieces of rib.
The dessert was heavenly- some type of peanut butter ice cream with a pretzel brittle and a giant toasted marshmallow on top- it was absolutely perfect.
I would maybe come back to try something else since their menu is seasonal, but for the prices I'm not entirely sure it's worth the trip.Food was amazing. Service was great. Streets of Philadelphia atmosphere topped it off.We went here on a girl's night out/ friends' reunion in a group of 4. The place was pricey but very good overall. We ordered the vegetable board, manchego meatballs , bronzino, eggplant fritters, and the paella mixta. Everything but the paella was great, especially the tapas /small plate items. The paella was very mediocre, did not have all the fresh flavors that a good Spanish paella does.Very tasty options - even for a vegetarian like me. The pea and potato croquettes are mind-blowing. I would eat those daily. Was an amazing first bite of so many complex flavors - seemed like lemon and herbs and spices and potato. So yummy. Best thing they do is that! 
Otherwise...too many beets on the menu (I admit, I don't like beets) and a menu that uses words that are so high brow it can make you feel dumb (like i got a flatbread with some cheese I didn't like at all that I wish was better described/ clearer). 
Luckily food was tasty. 
The sorbet dessert was a nice cleansing and light taste.
Service is tight/ harder when busy. Ordering everything up front seemed best, otherwise things get forgotten.