Nice Indonesian place to have dinner that was well priced. The whole entire staff was friendly and helpful with any questions we had about the food. I would definitely go back again.We had the Coconut rice, Egg Noodle special and Es Cendol. We surely love their Egg noodle special. The homemade egg noodle was tasty, had nice texture and cooked perfectly (not too soft). The Coconut Rice reminded me of street food from my hometown. The variety of side dishes that come with the coconut rice (fried chicken, tempeh, anchovies, rice noodles and spicy sauce) gave nice balance of sweetness, savory and spice. 
The es Cendol is a perfect dessert for hot summer weather. I'd like to come back and try their other dishes.Great little Indonesian Restaurant, the Indonesian chicken soup is amazing.  Owners are super nice and incredibly good about food allergies (which is helpful for my little kids)Everything was very reasonably priced, the food was great, and the staff was so friendly. The coconut shrimp and coconut rice are a must haves, so delicious! We also had the stir fried rice noodle, spicy shrimp green beans, and chicken curry.  Everything was delicious, and we will definitely be repeat customers.New to the neighborhood, soon to be a favorite! Loved everything about this place. The people were super friendly and the food was fantastic! Hadn't had much Indonesian food before but I loved everything I tried. Will DEFINITELY come back here and recommend to my friends.We ordered food to eat in and to go. It was okay food and too pricey for us. We had to wait almost 2 hours to get our take out orders ready. I'm not satisfied with their service. Definitely won't come back sucksThis is an AMAZING addition to BV, everything I've tried so far has been delicious! Curry, seafood, stir fry, salad, all incredible! I'll be going back!Often!Perhaps the BEST COCONUT SHRIMP in America.
The appetizer.
The stir-fries for entrees are also very good.Stopped by last night for the first time to give it a try.  It is a new Indonesian restaurant in the neighborhood and from our experience, it's a welcoming addition.  Friendly service and the food is very good.  We enjoyed it and will be back!!A friend had mentioned it a few times in passing with positive reviews, but I only just got around to trying their food. Had the perfect experience - everything was prepared really quickly, and the service (take-away) was wonderfully friendly. The food itself (stir fried flat noodles with chicken) was delicious, and the iced coffee I ordered with it was fantastic. Thrilled to have such a lovely place close by, and already planning my next visit!First time having Indonesian and I didn't know a lot of the ingredients but I thought, why not? It.was.so.delicious. We had the calamari, coconut shrimp, beef with flat noodle (definitely get this!) my boyfriend and I have now become regulars and we go here at least once a week, every week. We enjoy it so much and they already have quite a bit of regulars (I've noticed) 
The place itself is very charming and casual. I feel like I'm at my friends house with her mother cooking us a delicious home cooked meal. That level of yummy. The wait staff is very attentive but gives you your space at the same time. The pricing is great, parking is street parking and the food is consistently wonderful. I've brought family here when they come to visit because its that good. This place is a hidden gem and while I'm reluctant to share my weekly favorite with you guys, I'll do it for them haha 
I hadn't ever had Indonesian before this place but decided to try it and am so happy I did. I've been told I'm very hard to please (see: Picky) about my food but this place gets glowing reviews from everyone I've brought and I love it. I think you will too!
My go to items: Coconut shrimp appetizer and for dinner, Kwetiaw with beef (stir fried flat noodle). It's so so good. 
My boyfriend is a big fan of the Spicy Chicken dish. 
We try to split a new dish each time we come and have yet to be disappointed. We have now tasted a decent amount on the menu.
5 yelps!Awesome food and great service. Got takeout from here and it was fast and delicious. A welcome addition to the neighborhood.A new addition to Philadelphia's impressive Indonesian dining scene is Jembatan 5 in Bella Vista.  This cozy eatery is named after the famous neighborhood of Djakarta.  And like most Indonesian restaurants, this is a very friendly place.  Happily the food is very good as well.
I went with two other friends and we wound up sharing a lot of dishes...even the seafood soup app.  btw - the seafood soup was the weakest dish of the evening. The perkedel were nicely put together and lightly fried and very popular at the table.  My friend loved her Shrimp Nasi Goreng.  And my Kerang Bakar (baked green mussels) were pure deliciousness.  My main course of Ayam Rica-Rica (spicy chicken) was tasty to the last forkful. I could have used however even more sambal and hot spice. 
I def hope to get back to Jembatan 5 sometime to try some of their other dishes. It looks like Philly has yet another go-to Indonesian spot!Nice and cozy restaurant. Waitress was really friendly and always checked on us. The food portion was on the smaller side. We ordered the turmeric chicken and beef and rice dish was on the drier side. The spicy chicken was quite tasty Food was luke warm and not hot. Recommend if you are around the area.Nice Indonesian place near the Italian Market
We had the Happy Soda which was very filling.  We also order the potato fritters, Rames Rice, and Fried Chicken in Butter Sauce.  You can choose Beef Rendang or Tumeric Fried Chicken for the Rames Rice.  I chose Beef Rendang which was delicious.  It also came with a vegetable coconut curry soup and rice crackers.  The fried chicken looked and tasted good but I prefer the beef rendang. We would definitely return to try the other dishes on the menuMy husband and I made last minute dinner plans here and felt instantly welcomed by the cozy environment and friendly server greeting us as we walked in. String lights were a nice touch. We followed some recommendations from the server. The coconut shrimp was perfectly crisp and the stir fried noodles with beef had crispy onions on top which gave a nice crunch to the dish. The tumeric fried chicken was our favorite, only made better by the spice paste served on the side. To finish we had fried bananas with ice cream, which is never a bad choice. Tons of delicious food for a very reasonable price plus BYO, we will definitely be back!This review is for the satay, gado gado, and toast.
Gado gado: it has bean sprouts, long bean, tofu , Tempe. The important ingredient is the peanut sauce. It is not my liking at all, it's not how it taste when I grew up in a Indonesia. 
Chicken satay: the good: no burnt part, chicken isn't tough or dry. However the only  flavor I tasted is coriander. The peanut sauce is the same as gado gado and definitely it taste different than what I am used to growing up. It's a disappointing dish.
The toast aka roti bakar. The bread is hard and tough. Not recommended . 
I want to get mung bean porridge but to my disappointment it's sold out. I came around 5:30. I was advised to come in earlier 
Free wifi is a nice feature here. 
I will give it another try for other items on the menu.
The best part is the service that deserves five star rating. The girl is super friendly and helpful. She helped me opening the door because I had a lot on my hands.We visited once in person and really enjoyed the food. Family-run joint with family-style food! Affordable and great quality. We ordered also during the pandemic and the food arrived quickly, freshly made (and warm!), and most importantly, safely. Will order again!It is impossible to overstate just how wonderful the staff and owners are. We live right around the corner from Jembatan 5 and it is our new "go to". If you are looking for something delicious and different, I would definitely recommend coming here.The food was delicious and reasonably priced. We had the shumai, stir-fried flat noodles with chicken, and the rice cake curry soup. Our meal ended with fried bananas. Everything was definitely cooked with love. It felt like I was getting a little taste of Jakarta in South Philly.
The waitstaff was attentive and kind. They seemed genuinely happy to have us in their restaurant and went above and beyond to serve us. We had a great time and will definitely be back!!Jembatan 5, tucked away just off the main stretch of the Italian Market, is owned and operated by two lovely sisters who made me feel right at home straight away. Not only were they warm and kind, they let me use their phone charger! Now, I say "they" because I don't know whether the charger belonged to one of them or was a communal charger. Regardless, my phone went from 5% to 44%, so that was super appreciated.
Anyway...
Thanks to enticing Yelp photos and an insta post from @foodbabyny, I had my eye on a very specific prize: the egg noodle special (mie pangsit). This dish was reasonably priced and delicious, with a lot going on in that bowl. The homemade wavy egg noodles were nothing short of scrumptious, and they were cooked just right, with a slight bite to them. They were hidden beneath an assortment of tasty treats: crispy crunchy lil wontons, chicken, meatball, and BBQ pork. Lots of varieties, flavors, and textures, all of them glorious.
I drizzled this bomb brown sauce on my table over the noodles. Wise decision. It added extra pizzazz and sweetness and soy tang that was perfect. I'm not sure what it was called, but it was served in a squirt bottle, and I think every table had one.
I devoured my dish and could've easily gone for a second helping. I'll try more menu choices next time, but mark my words, mie pangsit will most definitely be "my thing" here. 
Jembatan 5 is special and exactly what Philly needs right now. The prices are reasonable, and the food and people are both amazing. A whole lotta love goes into the cooking. You can just tell. I biked over here in 101-degree heat, and I'd gladly do it again. Or on any day, really.So good! The food is delicious, fresh, and affordable! If you haven't had Indonesian food before, it's sorta like a cross between Indian and Chinese and it's amazing. This place has a great variety so you can try out lots of different things. The owners and staff are incredibly friendly as well!This is one of our favorite neighborhood spots. Reliably friendly, delicious, and inexpensive. Did I mention delicious? And spicy? Phew. Doesn't get much better!Went to try it out instead of wading through the Italian Market festival. Great food and excellent service. The fritters were delightful and the spicy shrimp with green beans and potato was tasty as well as spicy. The atmosphere is typical S Philly row house restaurant with little fanfare. Comfortable but not exotic. Food prices were very reasonable. Definitely going back again.Neighborhood gem, very reasonably priced (most entrees under $10, most apps. under $5). We really liked the appetizers -- the potato fritters (with ground beef), the vegetable fritters (bakwan sayur), and the Maryland egg rolls -- none of them greasy. I had the coconut rice dish (comes with a fried chicken leg, tempeh, a side of rice noodles, etc.), some mild flavors and some bold. She had the beef stir fried flat noodles (kwetiaw), which were good but less flavorful (similar to a Chinese noodle dish), and I  would have liked the beef to be more tender. Overall: very pleasant, nice staff, unpretentious, a good value.  Note: the dishes came out as they were prepared -- we got two apps, one of the entrees, then the other entree and the third app.  We were sharing everything so we didn't mind.I decided to cheat on Sky Cafe and try Jembatan 5. Upon entering I was pleasantly surprised how modern, simple, and comfortable the space was. It is not a large space, but at 11:30am there was only one other table occupied and we were able to pick our own table. 
The service was super friendly, personable, helpful, and efficient. I had Nasi Padang, and my friend had Nasi Rames, and we shared Tahu Isi (stuffed tofu). For Nasi Padang, I really enjoyed their beef rendang, and their green sambal. I wish I could have had a whole bowl of beef rendang with their rice, but that probably would not have been healthy Looking at my friend's Nasi Rames I wish I had gotten that too because I like the vegetable curry soup, and shrimp crackers. What I really enjoyed was their stuffed tofu, really crispy on the outside, still moist in the inside stuffed with some meat, veggies, and rice noodles. The peanut sauce that came had nice flavour, but I wish it was a bit thicker. I also liked their homemade spicy sauce I mixed with the peanut sauce and dipped the tofu. 
Parking may be an issue, but definitely try here if you like Indonesian food. Just one weird thing was you have to go outside and go to the alley and enter the white door to use their restroom.Delicious!  My first Indonesian Restaurant.  Owners are super nice and the food is great.Perfect comfort food with great prices. Can't go wrong with their egg noodle special (mie pancit). It comes with the WORKS (huge portion of noodles, an egg, roast pork, crispy lil wontons, AND soup with fish + beef ball in it) for 7.95!!! I also love their corn and shrimp fritters. Iced jasmine tea was heavenly. Everything that I've ordered here is amazing, try everything! The owner is also the most loving and sweet woman -- go say hi!I have wanted to try this place since they just open. I ordered take out and the food was awesome. Definitely a great addition to the area and prices so reasonable. Check them out!!!Great food and friendly aervice. I can't wait to go back.  I loved the fish curry and the fried noodles.   The waitress was helpful and had a wonderful personality.  I was with 3 friends and everyone was impressed and pleased.I ordered takeout a few weeks ago, never had Indonesian before but i like spicy so i dove in. I had my heart set on the steamed spicy fish but they didnt have it so i got the chicken instead. It was a pleasant meal, even the next day leftovers.  The coconut shrimp is amazing, might be the best I've ever had. I wish they gave you more of that sweet spicy sauce. 
I'll be back to try other things I think.Love this place ! I bring all my friends !  The food is outstanding and the service is so friendly. Try the beef coconut soup and chicken curry !Jembatan serves up Jakarta style style Indonesian food, so a lot of grilled or fried meat. The staff were friendly and attentive. I had the turmeric fried chicken, and it was crispy and moist. Most dishes are priced between $8 to $12, so it is good value. Be sure to give the happy soda a try!This is a great place if you want to dip your toe into the pool of Indonesian food, or maybe want to introduce Indonesian food to your family (and they're not ready for the cafeteria style of Hardena). The restaurant is small, simple, and service is friendly with food coming out quickly! Portion sizes are modest but still good for sharing. Prices were reasonable (but not as cheap as Hardena). We got out for a bit under $30 per person. The restaurant was pretty busy and got very loud, so be warned.
For 3 people we got:
-House Salad- iceberg, cucumber slices, and ginger dressing - basically something you might get with a 3 roll sushi special, nothing crazy but good option if you want some veggies- the menu is a bit light on veggies (and vegetarian friendly options, a vegetarian could probably manage but might not get a lot of good stuff).
-Cucumber Salad- imitation crab meat, cucumbers in a very light vinegar dressing with a few sesame seeds, refreshing and light.
-Gohyong- This is more like a shrimp and and chicken ball you would find at hot pot or as street food with a very thin tofu skin, comes with sweet chili dipping sauce, we liked it!
-Mussels- 5 or so mussels and sauce was a bit odd but we were into it.
- Beef Stir Fried Flat Noodles- this was my favorite dish, like beef chow fun but better.
-Sweet and Sour Fish- we liked this dish too
-Nasi Rames- we swapped out coconut rice for the plain rice for a small fee, didn't love the veg curry broth and the shrimp chips seemed a bit stale, but the rendang was good (but not as saucy as Hardena's or Penang's)
-Pisang Goreng- fried banana with ice cream- perfect end to the meal!
-Happy Soda- this soda comes with pandan syrup and condensed milk and turns pink when you stir it, tastes like cream soda, and it did make us happy!
FYI: To get to the bathroom you have to go outside down an alleyway and enter through another door. Something to consider when it's raining or cold.
Don't forget to BYOB!I really appreciated the COVID compliance! Hand sanitizer, ordering ahead, picking up outside--it was all great. However I was a little underwhelmed with the food. I'll accept that we picked up kind of late, so the fact that it was cold was on us. But I guess it's just standard Indonesian food and there are other places at similar price points that serve more flavorful food at larger portions. I would love to come back if I was really hankering for Indonesian and couldn't get anywhere else, but it wouldn't be my first choice.This family-owned restaurant provides really kind service and great Indonesian cuisine! I usually go to Sky Cafe for Indonesian, but Jembatan did not disappoint! This is a hidden gem in Bella Vista.
The food is super unique and flavorful. The prices are certainly reasonable (most dishes are no more than $10) and they have very unique drinks you don't find at other restaurants (fresh avocado juice, happy soda and Indonesian teh (tea). 
The only downside is that as it is a residential area, parking is very difficult (I suggest an Uber/Lyft or public transportation for convenience) but otherwise, no complaints all-around!The food was awesome and they were super nice too! We had the potato fritters, padang rice, and the stir fried noodles with chicken. Everything was excellent and came out quickly. The padang rice was particularly delicious- the jackfruit and the beef were really outstanding. And if you're looking for a fun drink the Happy Soda is a great addition! We'll definitely be back to try new things!Really good coconut shrimp. Fabulous and reasonably priced.
Kyetiaw noodles (without the gravy) was good.I'm so surprised that this place isn't as popular as Sky Café. The food is just as good if not better/fresher and the service is always amazing. I personally like the stir fried flat noodles with beef and spicy chicken entree.
The only thing is the parking can be a bit tough but it hasn't been a huge issue for us (park on Washington Ave and walk over if you're here for dinner).Wow. I loved this place. I had fond memories of the spot when it was Shank and Evelyn's, so it had a lot to live up to in my mind. 
I had walked by the day before with a friend and someone from the restaurant came out and handed us a few menus to take home and chatted with us a bit. Already a good vibe!
We went back there the next day.
The employee from the day before, who also waited on us, remembered us and we all laughed about it.
The two of us shared ayam rica rica (spicy chicken) and some buncis udang tauco (shrimp with green beans). We really loved both. The boneless chicken breast in a chili sauce was cooked perfectly - terrifically moist, and just spicy enough. The same care was taken with the preparation of the shrimp. The black bean sauce was delectable with a hint of sweetness to it. Both dishes were incredibly light and the flavors were bright and clean - no oily heaviness I've had before in some Indonesian dishes. Good job, Jembatan 5!
The same menu is served all day from 11am (12 on Sunday) to 9pm. The dishes are priced low enough for a reasonable lunch or for a dinner that's an amazing bargain.
I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu.Came here for dinner with my S/O tonight. So sad we were the only ones here because it was awesome! Wait staff was super friendly, and the food was very authentic. We felt like we were in Indonesia! Prices were good to boot. We had nasi padang (rice with beef curry and jackfruit), tumeric fried chicken, and fish curry with coconut rice. All excellent.
Give this place a try! They have outdoor seating and deliver so very COVID friendly.We just had dinner in this place and I love the food that were served to us! The rendang was so soft and delicious and the satay were so well cooked we'll be driving back for an hour just to come back here!!! 
P.S. the lady who served us is friendly and so accommodating too... (worth to mention)This spot is the real deal. I have come a few times to pick up dinner during COVID and I have never been let down. It is nice to see them transition from their takeout window to dine-in options. The food is fresh, tasty, and the portion sizes are just right. The workers are always friendly and helpful. If you're in the neighborhood I highly recommend stopping by this gem.This spot had been on my to-try list for a bit and I finally ordered today-- I am so glad I did! We got the flat noodles with chicken, fried banana, happy soda and lemonade. Everything was delicious!! On a nice day you can eat in Bardascino Park which is perfect. Service was stellar; they are super friendly and accommodating. We are definitely going to become regulars. Hoping more folks in the neighborhood will take advantage of this amazing spot we are lucky to have nearby!What an awesome restaurant! Food is superb and these are the.nicest.people. They were eager to make anything we wanted vegan or vegetarian and were so accommodating about a couple of other food allergens. They even called back after we placed our order to be 100% sure they'd gotten it right. I initially also felt a little overwhelmed by the menu since I'm not familiar yet with Indonesian cuisine, so I just said we wanted one noodle, one rice and one entree and asked what they would suggest. Easiest thing ever! They walked me through some ideas, explaining each dish and made our decision really straightforward. The food was ready in 15 minutes and our containers had smiley faces and thank yous written on them. Love this place. So happy to have found them.Been ordering from there several times. 
Always fresh always tasty and mostly extremely friendly. 
The noodles are amazing and the cucumber salad are absolutely delicious 
Been there customer since they open and definitely will continue.I tried all the indonesia restaurants around Philadelphia area. By far
this is the best one.   The owner(waitress) is very friendly and the food
is good and the price is very reasonable.  I like especially the Fried 
Banana.Ordered for the first time from here and loved everything! We got a ton of different things off the menu and everything was delicious. It was so affordable too and the delivery was so quick. Can't say enough good things. Will definitely be ordering from here again!I live really close by to this place, and have recently discovered it! It's been helpful during covid when I want to get takeout and don't want to go too far from my house. I specifically recommend the fried rice, chicken dumplings, and corn and shrimp fritters. I've always had a good experience getting takeout from here and the staff is incredibly friendly!I've always enjoyed the combination of influences and flavors in Indonesian food, and they do those very well here. Very good, tasty, family-style food. I enjoyed everything I got, especially the coconut rice.  One regret I have is not getting a dessert because I wasn't sure it would travel well, but I'm really eager to try the roti next time.So delicious and affordable. The egg noodle special is my go to, i love the bbq pork. But recently I've been captivated by the Padang rice -- the beef randang is to die for! You really cannot go wrong with anything here!I'm always on the hunt for good Indonesian food so I was excited to hear about this place online (shoutout to philly eater!) and finally made it over to the area. It's a cozy space tucked away on 10th Street in the Italian Market. When we arrived on a weekday evening, there were a couple other tables occupied and plenty of space.
The service was incredible, and our server was so friendly and smiley! She checked in on us periodically and made sure our water glasses were never empty. All of the appetizers looked so appealing, so we started with the Maryland egg roll, coconut shrimp, and vegetable fritters. My personal favorite was the coconut shrimp which had a perfectly crisp exterior and such a pleasant coconut taste. The egg rolls and fritters were also super good. 
For entrees, we ordered the egg noodle special, stir fried flat noodle with beef, and spicy chicken. I loved the stir fried flat noodle, it was a step above any beef chow fun I've ever had and the fried onions were a nice touch. The egg noodle special was tasty and the noodles were cooked well, but not particularly memorable in taste. I did appreciate the variety with the chicken, egg, meatball, fried wonton, and bbq pork. The spicy chicken was also pretty good and came with a side of white rice, but if I could go back I think I would order a side of coconut rice. 
Overall, a nice addition to the Indonesian dining scene in Philly!Wow... Gokil, Ini nikmat banget makan disini.. rasanya enak semua. Bangga dgn org indo di philly, masakannya enak semua... topJembatan 5 is a neighborhood jem! Great authentic home cooked traditional meals, reasonably priced by wonderful people. What else is there to say except give them a try ! THANK YOU JEMBATAN 5 for all you do.I was pleasantly surprised by this small efficient restaurant that turns out some of the most amazing food I've ever tasted.  I highly recommend this place I've been a few times and had most menu items. This os now my go to... even if I mind the drive.The food was delicious. And the serving size large. I didn't think I could finish all my food but I did. I couldn't stop eating cause it was just that good. I had a combo plate with rice. There was sausage, egg, pork and a skewer also a tofu seafood type of pattie. Mt friend's  food was equally delightful. We also had an appetizer but forgot to take a pic cause we devoured it. Love the happy soda, one of my favorite drinks. Definitely gonna stop in again. When I'm in the area. The service was great. It was a nice day outside so we ate outdoors but she was still attentive and friendly. The food came out in a timely manner.Jembatan 5 is one of my and my boyfriend's absolute favorite restaurants in Philly! The food is delicious, service is friendly, portions are great, and you get so much bang for your buck! I highly recommend the Padang rice, but all the rice combos are excellent!A family owned Indonesian restaurant with fantastic flavors and authentic cuisine. Nice laid-back vibe. We sat outside and enjoyed the afternoon.  I've lived in Indonesia for about 15 years so can attest to the fact that this is wonderful food.
If you are new to Indonesian food, here are some suggestions.  Nasi uduk is a coconut rice dish with fried chicken, Tempe, egg, cucumber, and salsa.  I had the Gado-gado, A vegetarian mix of tofu, tempeh, cabbage, green beans, and other vegetables smothered in a delicious peanut sauce.  I ordered a side of coconut rice to mop it up.  Or something crunchy - corn fritters with sambal.  
I recommend ordering the sambal terasi and sambal ijo.  The former is a spicy salsa I made with shrimp paste. Yummy on pretty much anything. 
Lots of other great options on this menu. We will be back.My friend and I were looking for a spot for an outdoor lunch, and while we were originally planning to go to another restaurant in the neighborhood, that one didn't have outdoor seating. And then up came Jembatan 5 with excellent Yelp reviews. It turns out my fellow Yelpers were on target: what a great choice this turned out to be!
There are just a trio of tables outside, but that was enough. We settled in, and the delightful server (who I believe is the owner) made us feel right at home. While I've not been to Indonesia, I've been to neighboring Singapore a number of times, and between there and LA where I live, I've had my share of Indonesian food. I'm a fan, as is my friend, so we were excited to try this new find (which apparently opened shortly before the pandemic).
We both love sampling and sharing, so after perusing the menu, we opted to start with the perkedel (fritters with potato and a bit of ground beef) and then split a pair of combination plates: nasi rames (rice with chili egg, beef rendang, vegetable curry soup, shrimp cracker) and nasi campur (rice with egg, bbq pork, sweet pork sausage, satay and this item that was a sort of pressed shrimp cake).
All I can say is "Yum." Let me repeat that in case you missed it: "Yum." Indonesian food is super flavorful, and this was really good Indonesian food. It's hard to identify particular standouts, since everything was so good, but if pressed, I'd probably say the bbq pork and the rendang, but I also loved the satay (I think it was beef in this case) and the shrimp "cake." Prices are extremely fair, and portions are generous without being overwhelming; we both felt very satisfied without feeling overstuffed. I guess the highest compliment I can offer a restaurant is that if it were in my neighborhood, I'd be a regular. In fact, my friend is already planning to come back with his significant other. Definitely would come back here in a heartbeat next time I'm in town.From the moment you walk him you feel so welcomed and a warm family feeling. The owner Nadia is the sweetest and really cares about educating the guests about the menus and her country's cuisine. The food is amazing. Fresh, flavorful but not fancy and over done. Delish!Brought family in for after graduation dinner.  Awesome food and great service!!
First time ever writing review on Yelp or anywhere else.  Jembatan 5 deserves my 5 Stars!I came here a few months ago but forgot to publish my review.
It was quite hard to find parking in the area, but the store is very easy to spot with the big sign. 
The place was not too crowded on a Friday night, so we did not have to wait long to be seated.
I ordered the Gado-gado and the nasi rames. The gado-gado has plenty of peanut sauce, which was delicious. It also came with a couple of garlic chips but I wished there was more to scoop up the leftover sauce. Overall I highly recommend it as a shared appetizer! 
The nasi rames was alright, but just alright. I loved the soup in the picture. Absolutely delicious.
Overall, definitely swing by this place when you get a chance (post-pandemic). The food is pretty good for a decent price.Amazing Indonesian food. Friendly staff. Really good Soda Gembira and Satay. I would come here again. A must visit if you are in Philadelphia.