I've been here maybe 15 times or so since it opened. The atmosphere is a little weird, but in the good way. The clientele is diverse and always changes and so the vibe of the bar changes, too, which is cool...but it is always friendly. The house wines are reasonable and decent. I like going during the week, when there's often a movie playing and an eclectic group of people to discuss it with.  It can get a little crowded on the weekend. 
All the bartenders are great. I only know Amanda and Bill as far as names, but they are all fun to chat with.
The cheese plates are why I go. So good! You get a nice piece of cheese and lots of fruit and snacks come with it. For only 5 or 6 bucks. Much better deal than Tria and a more laid-back vibe. (Though i do like Tria).The atmosphere is like an airplane but the wine is terrible.  If you're gonna to call yourself a wine bar you should serve good wine.  Just keep waking on south st.this place is nice - especially when the weather is cool and they open the windows and doors. the interior is sleek...i guess you could compare it to an airport bar as per a previous review but it is devoid of the icky married businessman who is flirting with you whilst awaiting boarding call for your delayed flight. i just think the bar is clean and modern.
there's a nice variety of wines (and some hard liquor as well for those who don't drink wine. ) it appears as if their menu changes regularly to allow customers to enjoy a variety of seasonal wines. because of the late spring/summer weather, i stuck with whites. the girl who was behind the bar was very helpful in pointing out wines she thought my companion and i would like, and neither of us were disappointed. 6 glasses of wine between the two of us cost 70 bucks or so which seems pretty standard. i don't know what happy hour costs but it be worth checking out.
bonus: there's a small plates menu if you don't want to just booze it up.Jet steps it up notch with lunch! We were looking for a quick bite... something that would sooth the soul on this cold winter day. Squash Soup, a plate of bread pudding with mushrooms & spinach, a small salad and a glass of bubbly set the mood for a PERFECT day.... THIS IS NOT TO BE MISSED!!!Came here with Christina G. and Nina S. for a glass of wine to finish the night after dinner at Entree.  Service was fast and friendly.  Nice wine list and a few great suggestions from the bartender.  I asked for a small sample before I made my choice and the bartender was happy to oblige (there was only one other patron in the bar).  I fell in love with Lovechild- a really earthy red wine that was full bodied and delicious!  Cute little spot- I'll be back!My first trip to Jet was this weekend for a lazy Saturday afternoon. The place was pretty empty except for a few regulars. We'd made it just in time for happy hour (4-7 and even on a Saturday!), but unfortunately I didn't like the house selection being offered. The bartender was really accommodating, allowing my cousin and I to try almost every wine on the menu. Honestly, I wasn't impressed with the selection at all, but I managed to find two whites I liked. 
We ordered a cheese plate, which was great. The spicy nuts were so good I ordered an extra side of them. Out of the five cheeses we ordered, my favorite was the mimolette. 
My experience with this place was kind of "eh". I didn't love it but I didn't dislike it. I wouldn't chose it over Vintage or Tria, but if I were bar hoping in the area I wouldn't be opposed to making this place a stop.This place is a great place to drop in and have a nice glass of wine with friends or even solo. The wine list is small but good. The bartenders definitely know their stuff when it comes to the selection too. The atmosphere in here feels modern, but cozy at the same time. They also have really good happy hour deals.I've been to Jet a ton, at least 20 times. It's right around the corner from my place, so it's the perfect spot to either start or close out a good night out with friends. The wines are eclectic and rotate in and out frequently, so you won't get bored. And Monday nights they have "Martini Monday" with bartender Amanda- not to be missed!My husband and I moved to Philly about a year and a half ago, and we have grown to love craft beer, but I often miss the wine culture that we enjoyed in Florida.  So, this weekend we were walking down south street and passed Jet Wine bar and decided to go in, and I'm so glad we did!
We had a chardonnay wine flight (the flight options change daily), bruschetta with Gorgonzola cheese, pears and caramelized onion, chips, and a cheese plate (including an aged gouda and a Gorgonzola).  The cheese plate is served with a large portion of bread, fruit, and spiced nuts.  We ordered smaller plates, but their menu also offers larger plates and sandwiches.  The gentleman sitting next to us was eating one of their sandwiches, and it looked delightful...  I will definitely try one next time.  
Their wine menu is eclectic and included a wide variety of wines from across the world along with many that were made in our region.  The bar tender was knowledgeable, friendly and provided great service!  
All of the food and wine we had were delicious. fresh and modern.  And there is seating outside, so you can bring your pup!  What more can you ask for?!  
Well done Jet Wine Bar!  Thank you :)I like the tapas food portions here better than the wine selection. They still have a few good options and usually stellar specialty cocktails. Definitely worth a visit.Totally enjoyed this place. Good mix of a local vibe with others. Food is reasonably priced and quality. I'll absolutely say the mac and cheese was practically sexual. And trust me, I know my mac and cheese. Amanda, our bartender was incredibly friendly and nice. My only gripe, if I had to have one, was that a bottle of mid-grade wine was $50 and I would absolutely not even link if it was knocks-my-sox-off wine but it wasn't. And, that could be what I ordered.but it could also be a slightly-inflated price for wine in an effort to seem like it's something it's not.
Either way, super solid 4 stars. Would definitely go back... and would do questionable things for another dish of that mac and cheese.This is one the nicer wine bars I have been to (in Philly and elsewhere).
The atmosphere is very intimate. Small and with great ambiance. I really liked the decor at Jet. It was very modern and clean. The only negative is the small amount of seating. They can likely only fit about 15 people.
The wine selection is very good. Jet's has your standard Pinot as well as many from countries that are not as common. I saw a Bulgarian wine on their menu. I really the wine map they had on the wall showing where every wing was from. 
The flight of wine costs $10 and that gives you three decent sized sample; likely one of the best values you'll ever get.
Overall this is a great place to visit and I hope to return soon.Went to Jet early on a rainy Saturday afternoon and there were literally four of us here and the bartender. it was probably one of the strangest experiences I've had as we were drinking flights of wine and bonding over crazy Kung Fu movies on the TV and the fact that we were all off to an early start of drinking. There was also a lengthy discussion about college basketball and video games with the bartender. It was awesome!
The same could be said for the chicken sandwich I ordered. We'll definitely be back to try more flights and enjoy the random conversations that come along with Jet!Ooh, another wine bar that has wine-knowledgeable staff and menus with vivid descriptions of the wines.  Jet is a great place to go if you are looking to try a new wine and you will have plenty of assistance in finding one that suits your palate.  Also, the bartender gave us little samples of everything we ordered before committing to a full glass, which I appreciated.  Jet also offers interesting flight options.  The one that they offered the night that I was there combined wine and liquor, which I thought was interesting.  I will definitely stop back into Jet if I am in the neighborhood.Very decently priced wine.
Had a tasty Riesling.I have been up and down south street and I really have never found a place like this. 
First I ordered the food that was absolutely amazing. The service was incredible. I really need to to compliment the bartender Amanda for her amazing service. If you see a cute red head in there at any point. Please show her a smile. This place is awesome!!!!This is just the kind of wine bar I wish every city had: a great selection of wines by the glass, interesting wine varietals, very reasonable prices, excellent wine by the glass pours, tasty bites, sandwiches, and snacks, and a well-procured selection of cheese and charcuterie.
 Jet's ever changing wine list will entice you to come back and try something new. The guacamole is one of the best in the city. This place is very vegetarian friendly with many options for non-meat lovers, yet the kitchen also rocks a killer hanger steak salad. It's my favorite!
 It has a real neighborhood vibe that makes you feel at home. The staff - Amanda, Norman, Bill, they are all great with service and are quick to learn your name. 
The music makes the place feel sleek and cool especially on DJ nights. The owners are warm and friendly. A great addition to this constantly changing and expanding area of Philly. I only wish there was more room at the bar.
Tip: check out their monthly wine classes downstairs. 
The downstairs is also great for groups!It's a good spot for a quick glass of wine, a first date, with a bar and some more private seating towards the window, but it is smaller.  Apparently they have infused spirits and fun drinks to try, but I've only been for wine.Went in here for a a drink and some happy hour specials with my fiance. Ended up ordering one of each of the bruschetta and had a nice light cocktail perfect for the hot summer day that it was  followed by a nice glass of white. The bruschetta was very good and we checked out the downstairs lounge which was a nice surprise. The bartender was Jessica (I think?) and she was fantastic. We will be back sooner rather than later.I just bought a house in the area and my boyfriend and I frequent this bar regularly. We love the casual atmosphere, wonderful staff and awesome drinks. My only qualm would be the lack of space, but what can they do? Love this place!3.5 stars but still subscribing to my "round up" philosophy.
Jill, the owner is very nice and hands-on--which I think is the best part of small businesses! I like places where you feel connected to people like that. 
I had the sparkling wine and my date had a glass of red that was described as "juicy" and it really was freakin' tasty! I didn't order anything from the food menu but it definitely had nice options for a wine bar. I had to google what type of meat "speck" was since it's on their menu and I kept thinking it was the jelly meat aspic. :) Speck is a "juniper flavored ham" in case you were wondering. 
I also give this place a thumbs up for having a good website that's up and running. I appreciate that, man.
The only bad thing really is the size of this place-- if it really becomes popular it would be hard to pack too many people in here comfortably and I can see people being irritated. I didn't go downstairs, so I can't review it- but the upstairs seating at the bar is limited to maybe 15-20 people. But I thought the ambiance although very blue was appropriately fancy for a wine bar. 
I wish it well.Small little cozy bar that me and my friends discovered after our Sunday brunch date. Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the different wines and she helped us differentiate between the full body and light body red wines. We probably sat here for 2 hours, watching the baking show Nailed it on Netflix while we tried different wines. This is certainly a bar we will come back to if we are in the area.Love this place, bartenders are fun and the patrons are great. Definitely a staple in the neighborhood for my girlfriend and I!I was super excited when the signs were put up and I realized a wine bar was opening so close to my house. Since it's opening I've been to Jet a couple times and have never been disappointed.
Can't give it 5 stars though, because I think the food is inconsistent (I've had great things, namely the cheese, and not so great, namely the soup) and the happy hour specials could be improved. I appreciate 1$ off of house wines, but know they could do better. Great addition to the block!Went to Jet with a group of 5 for a friend's birthday. I really liked the atmosphere, but the upstairs bar was quite small for our group. When we spoke to a bartender, she set us up in the downstairs room. She was extremely attentive and accommodating. We ordered a cheese and meat platter, which was nice. I drank a few glasses of their white sangria, which was pretty good! Not too sweet, as some sangrias are. 
My only complaint was that everything was very expensive for what it was. Much of that was made up for with the level of service received.Thanks to "The Weekly Yelp" for helping me find this little gem. The service was superb and so was the food and wine & cheese selections. We were there this past Saturday and our group kept growing but the bartenders were really sweet and accommodating in regards to space and requests. I didn't care for the rose flight that was on rotation but the PG Spanish wine I had was delicious.  I will definitely be back!A cozy and warm environment. Jet wine bar  is a great hangout spot in Philly. Tyler the bartender was knowledgeable about all the available wines, especially the Reds! 10/10 would come again.Great, knowledgeable staff.  Unique wines.  Yummy small bites.  Chill ambience.  It's a WIN!My wife loves this place for their great wine and cheese selection. I don't really enjoy wine so find their beer selection limited and overpriced. The staff has always been friendly and professional. Cheese and other snacks are tasty. This really is a place for wine enthusiast only as implied by the name.Came here on a Friday night with a friend for a glass (or a few glasses) of wine. It's definitely a cute little spot - very intimate, might be good for a date. That being said, there are only like 9 seats, so don't come with too big of a group - there's only bar seating. 
The wine itself is varied and unique - they have wine from places like Croatia, Bulgaria, and other places that weren't necessarily on my radar. They also had a $10 flight when I went, and I got to try three relatively large glasses of wine for $10, which was great. I recommend doing that if you come here. 
Overall, if you're in the area, this is a nice spot to check out for a good glass of wine.I've stopped by a few times over the last few months and have noted a marked improvement in both the quality of wines  and friendliness of service. Glad to have Jet in the neighborhood.Just walked out after sitting at the bar and being blatantly ignored for 15 min. Wasn't busy. Won't be back.Not a fan of the ambiance: dark, random movie from netflix streaming on the TV.
Also had a hard time getting the attention of the bartender that night, even though we were sitting right at the bar. 
Hmm..Pretty darn cute. I came here for a colors & bottles event and found it to be a really classy, cozy place. Good selection of wines, decent snacks, friendly staff. Thumbs up!A great, relaxed atmosphere to enjoy a glass of wine from an intelligent and ever-changing list that represents a healthy alternative from Tria and the like.  Great snack options as well, but it's the people - both neighborhood customers and warm staff - that gives Jet its value.I've been meaning to try this place for awhile now and finally made it for brunch this weekend.  My friend and I were the only customers for our entire meal which at first put us off from this place - seriously, why was it empty? - but in the end was nice because we got great service from the staff.  The toasted ham & cheese dish on their brunch menu was fantastic.  I can still taste the truffle-cheese sauce 2 days later and the brioche bread is thick and tasty just as a good brioche should be.  My friend got the french toast which was pretty standard, nothing special.  I tried the wine flight and loved all three wines even though they were each very unique.  
When I've walked past at night the bar always seemed dark and loud, but during the day it was quite pleasent.  I can't wait to return and try some of their other food and wines.Now that I've moved south of south - this place seems to be my constant go-to selection to meet friends who still live across the great divide of south street.  Its the perfect middle point and everyone loves it.  It also seems to be my favorite not quite ready to go home after dinner spot.  The wine list is great, and the staff is really accommodating and lovely.  We went in with a group of 8 and entered a very full bar, and somehow they magically made room for us.  The list is also very affordable, and not overwhelming for a someone who prefers libations other than wine.  
As tria is no longer a block away from me, I think Jet might have to become my new Sunday spot.This is exactly what a wine bar should be. Friendly and knowledgeable service, great and varying wine selection, with different meats, cheeses, and pastries to keep your choices varied. Also, there is no pretention here, they offer a full range of cocktails, will throw on a ballgame, and really cater to those that come in. Can't wait to try it again!I was looking over my bookmarks---Yelp!, why are they defaulting to public?!?!---and was somewhat surprised I hadn't reviewed Jet.  Anyway, since Horizons is gone, and I don't have anything intelligent to say about Rangoon, this might be my last (and very late) Philly review for a while.
Anyway, Jet isn't Tritone, which Yelp! informs me is also gone.  And a much bigger loss than Horizons, which, at the price, bordered on a gimmick.  I bring this up because Jet definitely isn't.  I had a Groupon---this is back when Groupon was still cool, and not a sketchy public company always restating its earnings, etc.---and went on a hot day---this is also back before I lived much further North, where hot days are also kind of rare, even in mid-Mai---and the white sangria really was just the thing.
If I'd stuck around, I could easily see making it a kind of go-to pure bar, but lack of food and my advancing age would have meant "relatively infrequently".I tried to go here for a date with a pretty lady but the food and drinks left something to be desired.  The Sangria was bitter and there was a bug on the plate for our hummus. Portions were a lot smaller than pictured and the "lounge" area was non existent. Although the wait staff was nice and there was a decent selection of wines, I would not come back here.What an awesome find!  I have walked by this bar a number of times and it always looks lively, so we stopped in for some mid-day drinks on 4th of July.  They bartender and the owner were both there, and were very friendly.  The bar is small, but feels welcoming and clean.  Their house wines are just $5, and feature a number of other interesting wines from around the world for $6-10.  The complimentary bread sticks are a nice touch too.  I will definitely come back.I'm often surprised at how quiet this place is because it shouldn't be and makes me annoyed at this neighborhood. Wines, cheese, snacks, staff...all great.This place is really good. Flights of wine are terrific. The staff is nice and spot on. Atmosphere is really cool. If you are in the area def check this place out.Tiny place packing in a lot of style.  Flight for $10? I'm all over that.  Big, bright windows, cool music, oldies on the tube.  Knowledgeable bar keep completes the picture.  Love it!The mac n'cheese was good but portions are VERY small....$8 for a small bowl. Also the same with the nachos...like tapas size. I requested the brushetta to be switched to a vegetarian option on the happy hour menu and the server stated that he couldn't accomodate which I was a little disappointed in. I feel like they should be able to swap out a non-veg one for a vegetarian one without any issues.Stopped in for a quick night-cap after a huge dinner.  The place is small and was packed on a Saturday night, but luckily, we snagged some bar seats.  The wine menu is extensive and most glasses will cost you around $10 or above.  However, there is a $6 house red and white, which is nice for those of us on a budget.
Even though the place can feel cramped, they do put some stools outdoors when it's warm.  
Definitely going back soon to try their food and other wine options.  A great spot in an area of the city that's really getting built up.We were early for a dinner reservation up the street (no traffic on 76...when does that happen?), so we ducked in here for a pre-dinner drink. Nice selection of interesting wines (Greek, Turkish); hubs had a montepulciano that he really enjoyed. Bartender was talkative and pleasant. It's a small room and the music was loud....the bass was so strong that the subwoofer was literal moving across the floor. We didn't have food, but I'd go back if I were in the vicinity.Good service and intimate atmosphere with good happy hour deals. The Mac and cheese and Brussel sprouts were good. The deviled eggs and their 3 bruschettes were just ok.This place is pretty sweet.
I'm not sure if it's supposed to look like an airport bar but it feels that way.  It's really funky and the design just makes you feel like you're in a cool futuristic place.  I dig.
I ordered their Sonara which was a really nice, albeit spicy cocktail involving tequila and a fresh jalapeno.  I was really impressed with the flavor this drink had in it.  Certainly a designer cocktail.
I finished my stay at Jet with a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon.  I looked over their menu and saw their lite offerings and I made a mental note about returning.
The staff was nice and the service was on point.  This place is a keeper.I enjoy Jet.  They have an awesome happy hour.  I think it's from 4-7 every day including weekends I believe.  The happy hour special is decent with sangria and house wines for $5 and some beers for $3 I think.  My favorite thing on the menu by far is the cheese board which is not on happy hour.  The cheeses are excellent and the accompaniments only enhance the flavor...and fill you up.  You get 4 large baguette slices, a bunch of grapes, apple slices, and spicy nuts which they should bottle up and sell.  A ton of food for an obscenely inexpensive price.  Don't go jacking up the cheese boards because I said that Jet.  I see you!  I would highly recommend this place.Tried this little wine bar last night when are First Option turned out to be a bust we thought it had a cool aesthetic so we went in the music was great they have a good selection it's right on trend, its very small I think the service is just ok I know we brought the diversity to the place I would definitely try it againI love Jet. They obviously have a great wine list, but there's a lot more to love about it than that. The bartenders are always super friendly and there is always some good Netflix show on the TV. The X files and arrested development are frequent, among others. They also do a solid cheese and charcuterie plate. It's really everything I would want out of a neighborhood wine bar.Great happy hour! We have $5 glasses of wine and cocktail. The bar is on the smaller side so you need to get there early in order to get a seat. 
The bartender was so nice and friendly, she kept checking on us which was awesome. Great place to relax after a long day.What's not to love here? Friendly bartenders, awesome wine selection and a great ambiance all equal out to an amazing night! While I did not try any food, the wine selection warrants a five star review on its own.  It is a nice balance of local and international wines, and the bartenders make great suggestions.  
While Jet does look a bit cramped upon entry, there is a cozy lounge downstairs.  That room is my new favorite place in the city to get my drink on!Bartender was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable on the wines. Chose the flight of the day and she let us swap out a white for a red.My boyfriend and I walked in after the Rithenhouse Row festival for a glass of wine. They have happy hour daily from 5-7, so we each had a glass of their house and red wine. They were both good, not spectacular but good. We will be coming back to try more of their wines.Wine selection and service was wonderful. Sadly the food could be better. (bruchetta was flavor-less)Cute place that has a happy hour on the weekend (unique and a major plus in my books)! Came here during Bloktoberfest to escape the frenzy on the streets. They have a lot of options on happy hour special - both drink wise and for food. You can put together your own cheese board which was great. 
In general, it's a great option for a weekend outing without breaking the bank. It's all bar seating and relatively small so plan ahead.Jet is a great neighborhood wine bar!  The bar tenders are awesome, and they always have really great recommendations.  The great thing about Jet is that you can try really unique wines that are hard to find elsewhere.  Flight night is really fun, and you can also sign up to go to one of their wine classes downstairs, which they offer monthly.  Jet is a cool place to come with friends.  I've been going here for years and have always had a really great experience.I went to this place for the first time on a rainy Friday night. It's quite quaint and cute and very close to several public transportation options. I loved the atmosphere. The wine was good but not great but the service was terrible. Our server was no where to be found for 15 minutes when we were ready to order and when he finally showed up we found that he didn't know much about the menu which was rather annoying. I've been in the service industry for over a decade and even if you are new you should take the time to learn the menu during training. I explained what I like and asked for a wine suggestion and he wasn't helpful. I also asked whether or not the wine list was progressive and he didn't know what that meant (no surprise) but neither did the bartender (very surprising). Thats the type of thing you should know if employed by a wine bar. My friend had shrimp gnocchi which was fantastic, I had a lovely cheese plate with a Malbec and a flight of rosé for desert. The server began rushing by us as soon as we were 3/4 finished with our food. We ordered another glass of wine afterwards but had to leave quickly even though it was an hour until they closed because the server kept asking if we were ready for the check. There are too many great restaurants in Philly for me to come back hereMonthly happy hour with the pals from college lead us to Jet Wine Bar... House wine specials, and decent bar appetizers... that's all we ever want. Oh - and service. 
The service that night was crap. Bartender was preoccupied with picking out a movie on Netflix to amuse himself, then disappeared for the last 1/2 hour of HAPPY HOUR. 
We left in the pouring rain to find a better place...Came here to try to bread pudding which was quite moist and yummy! It's large enough to share for two. 
They play fun music and also movies on the screen. Small place--just bar area and window.
Would come back for the cheese plates.I loved the contemporary coziness of Jet Wine Bar.  The staff was super awesome, helpful, friendly and engaging. Our bottle of Steinbeck Syrah was delicious and affordable.  Our meals (meatloaf sandwich / squash soup) were surprisingly good in fact.  
Great wine, spirits and food, intelligent and excited staff, informative and interactive website and monthly events.  I'd say Jet is working with a recipe for success.  You could never tell they've only been open for two months. 
You'll want to go to Jet for a pre-game cocktail before a show or a meet up spot for a second date.  Or like us, drink a bottle and have a bite before seeing the drag show at Bob & Barbara's.Parked by this spot on our way to brunch and really looked like a cute concept. We went in ordered Thors Hammer (delish) and I wanted their Summer Sangria, as a wine spot I was really excited as I love Sangria and it was a hot afternoon. It was in a dispenser and the bartender cut an orange slice and poured it in- first I was a little disappointed that no fruit had been in the mix and then upon first sip it just tasted like a glass of dry white wine. Then I tasted Thors Hammer and regretted my choice. The worst is when I went to take my second sip after stirring I shook up the fly that was hiding under my ice- I was disgusted but would never make a scene - I told the bartender discreetly after a few minutes of trying to get his attention as his friend came in and he was just ignoring us (we were the ONLY 2 people in there and then his friend) and he offered to make me another I said no as our parking was about to expire and we needed to leave so we cashed out and he didn't take the drink with the fly off the check! It was a full glass of wine with a fly and I had to pay for it. I will never go back and I will make sure anyone I know never goes there. Not because of the fly mind you, but the service was terrible. Very disappointedWas all excited for Jet to open because I live like a block away and, let's face it, despite the inevitable charms of Bob & Barbara's, this street needed at least one "nice" option.
Having been once so far, I will say my wine (as well as the boyf's) was very good. The cheeseplate was okay -- think they might want to tweak the presentation/serving ware. Seemed like it was tough for the (very nice) bartender to put down without dumping cheese all over me, but he managed. 
But I digress -- my major issue, and I CAN'T believe no one has commented on this, is that Jet has the cheesiest brand identity I've seen in a long time. From the logo to the lighting. The cartoon people? The blue lights? I just can't. It's a little try-too-hardy and a little awkward.
So, as excited as I am by the idea of this place in the neighborhood, as sure as I am that I'll go back, and as cool as I think the concept is, I doubt this will become a go-to. If I wanna sip wine and eat fancy cheese, I wanna feel cool doing so (stupid as it sounds) and it didn't happen for me at Jet.Surprised the bar staff at Jet last week when my entire office walked in for an impromptu happy hour to celebrate a co-workers recent marriage.  I haven't been here for a year or more...and was happy to see the swanky new basement with a comfy lounge hangout area.  The food menu has expanded and everything we tried was terrific.  I let the bartender choose our sides and he said we must try the mac and cheese so we got a few orders to share.  Terrific and glad to see they expanded their space and menu options.This is one of my favorite spots in the city - whether for late night happy hour or for chill drinks and a quick bite to eat. South Street West is better for having this place. This is a good date spot. The seating is limited, so avoid if you are with a larger group.This place has good points and some points that need a bit more attention.
Walking in, it looks like there's two small tables in the corner and the bar. Not til you see people emerging from the basement would you know there's a downstairs. Wine selection is different. The wines are from regions of the world not really known for wines. Lebanon? Israel? Good wines, I must say. A bit expensive.
Food is good. A tad expensive as well. Salmon BLT is made with raw, smoked salmon, which is delicious. 
It got crowded for a small stretch. But it seemed as though people were stopping by for a drink before venturing on.
Down side, the bartenders (3 of them, it seemed) seemed over whelmed by the number of people upstairs at one point as well as a full house downstairs. When we first got there, the bartender gave us the "first sip" to see if we liked it. After that, it appeared that certain people were given this courteousness, and only on certain wines. 
A good place to venture out to if you wanna try some different wines besides the normal Napa Valley/Italian wines you get at other bars and some good food.Stopped in on Tasting Tuesday for a pre-dinner tipple. Glad we did. Don't be put off by the misguided dot pattern world map on the wall. The bar is small, and narrow so you'll have your back to it pretty much the whole time you're there. With that out of the equation it's a charming little place. Prices are excellent, and on Tuesday you can sample any three wines off the menu for, I think, $10. I picked out three from Romania, Bulgaria, and Morocco just for fun and they were both delicious and interesting. Their selection was varied without overwhelming and gave a number of choices of red, white, rose, and sparkling from several countries. Our bartender was extremely friendly and helpful. Service got a little slow when the bar filled up but a second bartender arrived around quarter till seven and solved that problem.My friend and I decided to check this place out after we had crepes at Cafe Laube. It is small and cozy. I really like that is not one of those fancy pretentious wine places in Philly. Is a place where you won't feel intimidated if you have no clue about wine and the friendly bartender will help you with the process till you find your perfect wine match. I love that!! 
They offer a special wine pairing. You can select a white or red and it comes with delicious cheese with fruits or spiced nuts to go with your wine. It was the cost of the glass of wine we select. Yay...we saved money and have tasty cheese. 
It was a perfect lazy Sunday to hang with a good friend to taste and learned about wine.My bf and decided to try this place out after my roomie gave it rave reviews.  Also because he needs to start liking wine.  We went early on a Wednesday night and weren't disappointed. The place was empty, so our server, Kevin, let us try a lot of stuff until we settled on something. He also gave us a "Rate your Wine" sheet - super cute.  We noshed on some cheese Kevin suggested and had a really lovely evening. Great ambiance, too.  I can see it being annoying on a super crowded weekend night (this place is teeny tiny) but I enjoyed the coziness and my boyfriend left liking wine. Yay!!Good place to stop if :
you love wine
you are on budget
you don't have a good knowledge about wine (their friendly staffs will help you out)    
you want to try wine from different places
and don't forget to ask for their daily flight.I love this place! I come here for tasting flight Tuesdays or just a casual glass of wine. Great atmosphere and great selection of wineGo see Lauren!  Fun bartender!!!  Place is really cute!!!!! Menu needs work.  Place has got great potential!!!!what can i say other than this place is awesome!!! we went  after cafel'aube ( another review) . arrived around 3 to a pretty empty bar. This to me is a great thing. it gives you a opportunity to talk shop and find out the best deals and dish about the place. Our barkeep was very friendly and he admitted that his wine knowledge was limited but offered us some options and tastes to fit our budget. We even got a chance to speak with the proprietor briefly (very friendly) . We chatted with our bartender . and manager and had a really great time. 
we chose a bottle of rose reasonably priced. In addition to the bubbles we did the snack platter( came with fruit and nut bread, our chose of cheeses and meats.) the cheese list is limited but offers good options for everyones tastes. I think that jet has alot of great qualities and the staff, as well as the menu makes me want to return ASAPOf course you can get great wines and cheese at a place called a wine bar.  Great wines at a great price and they do flights if you want to try a few without getting sloshed.  Jet also has a nice cheese selection.  But as I said, you'd expect this at a wine bar so I'm not going to talk about that anymore.  
What am I going to talk about then?  The rest of the food.  Once they put my buffalo chicken sandwich in front of me, I don't think more than two words passed my lips until my plate was empty.  I got it with their spicy potato chips which I was hoping were spicier but were just flavorful spicy and not heat spicy.  Still good, nonetheless.  And even though I didn't get to try my friend's sliders, he seemed very happy with them.
I also love the window seating that they have.  It's the seats we always try to grab when we go.A big thumbs down for this place.  First the menu is boring with very few choices.  The wine selection is okay but nothing special.  Tria does the wine and cheese bar concept so much better.  I had an arugula salad which was supposed to have pancetta but it was nonexistent.  I brought this to the attention of the server after I had to wave him down to get his attention (one of my pet peeves - come over to ask how everything is), he did not say word, looked at menu (did he think I was making this up?) and then went back to the kitchen for more.  Unfortunately this did not improve the salad because the pancetta was completely drowned in the dressing and had no flavor at all.  The bartender did ask what I thought of it when I was done and didn't seem to what to say when I gave it a big thumbs down.  A simple "I am really sorry about that, I will let the chef now" would have been fine.  
I bumped up my review from 1 to 2 stars because the bartender did redeem himself after that experience by offering me the most delicious strawberry bread pudding.  Also, he became a bit friendlier...but I wonder if it was because he noticed I was writing a negative review about Jet.  Who knows?I hesitate writing this review and giving away what I think is one of the best kept wine secrets in Philly, but I will take my chances. To start, the decor and vibe of this little nook appeals to a younger crowd than what most Philly wine bars have tried to cater to. I think this is wise, as many young people are developing an appreciation and education for good wine. The music was fun and funky, and the open air seating by the window enriched the experience with people watching (we were approached by a real-life bubble fairy!) and fresh air.
Service was handled solely by one sweet, fresh -faced bartender who was on the shy side, but attentive nonetheless. I can't speak for his wine knowledge however, because I didn't ask questions, but he hooked us up with 2 free pours after alerting him to the close-call of the owner getting a parking ticket. That gesture alone would make me return.
As for the wine, by far, the most eclectic and interesting list I've seen in Philly. Some folks complained that it was short, but I disagree. I tried the Tjokali Spanish white exhibiting toasted, smoky orange favors that was totally exotic. I'm an educated oenophile and have never even heard of this grape, whic I found refreshing and exciting.
They have daily wine flights, which is scribbled at the bottom of the menu and I didn't notice in time...woulda done it had I seen it.
I also like that they have daily activities planned, like a viewing of Spirited Away in the evening. The fact that they even know that movie made me realize these were my kinda peeps....
And finally, they have daily happy hour which a few wine bars think they're too good for. We tried one, the montepulciano, which is a standard house wine, and it was good enough. But to be honest, I was so intrigued by some of the selections (sparkling rose Pinot grigio....WHAAAT?) that I passed on the happy hour deals and enjoyed what the list had to offer. Even the app HH selections were great...a truffled tremor cheese plate with plentiful baguette, grapes, blueberries, and Cajun-spiced cashews, for $4.50? Incredible.
Kudos, well-done in every respect, I found my new favorite South Street hang out, just in time for summer. Look out...I plan to be there at 4:30 to get the good seat at the window.cute space but every wine I've had there was just terrible.I'm not really a wine drinker, but this place is right around the corner so I decided to give it a shot. They have a great selection of wine, and surprisingly a couple of beers and a pretty stocked bar. The thing about Jet that I like the most is that neither the owner nor the bartenders are very pretentious about wine. I don't really know anything about wine and there was no judgement about that. They seemed like they wanted me to try new stuff and enjoy wine more than they wanted to just take my money.
Extremely friendly staff, I love going to this place. I don't go as often as I would like but that is mainly due to the fact that wine is pretty expensive. I enjoy that Jet offers some decent food options too. Nothing like sitting down with a nice glass of white wine and a cheese plate. I've even been here for brunch, and while the selection was pretty small, they made up for that by serving great food. The bar is never packed with loud, obnoxious, drunk people; It's very chill, a great place to have a couple glasses of wine, relax and have a conversation.