Fat Peter rating system. 
as follows: 
STARS- standard yelp
CHANCE I WILL BE BACK- YES
Why I went  - Yelp pointed the way
I've had tony lukes Genos and pats and this is the only cheesesteak I've had where i go WOW that was good.  I mean it was just perfect, so shocked.  like stunned how good it was.  
and little things really got to me .. place to sit it was clean and in the back you can park 4 cars... well run.  thoughtful !Well Worth The Late Night Right To Philly.  The Different Varieties of Cheesesteaks is DeliciousCashier was super cool but that's about it as for positives. Here's the breakdown for the food. Soda was flat, hot dog was average at best and the "best fries in the city" were terrible. They were soggy and cold and didn't even taste good.My third time in Philly and man this was deff the spot I should've went to when I first travelled to Philly. The sub was pretty darn delicious. Freshly made and perfected. They have a dope way of showing you how clean your food is and you can watch it being made in front of you. Deff will come back. Great job keep up the work.Stopped by tonight on the way home from work. Let me start off by saying that the food was good, not great but good.
I ordered a cheesesteak and pizza fries. The steak was ok, it was a bit tough. I wish they wouldn't have chopped, my steak was very watery..I see they you'd Licious rolls which a great! Unfortunately my roll was very very soggy. 
The pizza fries were good. The fries themselves were very tasty. Probably the best fries I've had in a while. But the pizza fries lacked cheese. I was a buy disappointed in the amount of cheese. 
Overall the place was decent, can't really beat 13.00 for a meal. I may give this place a try again if I'm in the areaNot originally from the area but am a huge fan of cheesesteaks.  I've had one from pretty much every place you could name in the city.  Jimmy G's is my ABSOLUTE favorite with Dallessandro's a close second.  This place NEEDS some press.
The owner seems like a real nice dude too.  this place is legitAn excellent addition to the Philadelphia cheesesteak scene. I had a cheesesteak with provolone, hot peppers and fried onions. I prefer my cheesesteak with everything mixed together. That is exactly how Jimmy G's makes them. The thing that really makes a cheesesteak is the drip. Some people who don't like it call it grease but the drip is the juice of the meat and the fat combined into a sort of gravy that moistens the sandwich and brings it all together. If you watch a person who knows how to make a cheesesteak properly, you'll see him/her take a squeeze bottle of water and squirt some on the browned but not fully cooked meat. This slows the cooking and stops the meat from drying out. That's what makes the drip. Jimmy G's does it just right. I took away one star because the roll was good but not great. Two additional notes, the French fries are excellent, don't miss them, and the place delivers to the neighborhood. Delivery was $1.00. It was FAST! The food arrived hot.The only thing this review lacks is fries, so I'm going to wait to go back before committing to the fifth star. You can taste the quality of the meat here, and the sandwich overall is far better for it. They also have other options like chicken or pork, which people were ordering while I was there. You go to the first window, place your order, and stand with the others under an awning until your number is called. Don't throw away your receipt! You need it to claim your food. There's a covered seating area in the back that makes this place a lot friendlier than most joints. I had a mushroom steak with wiz, of course with onions. I missed the large sign that said fries and a drink are just $3 more until well after I had ordered; while it was large, it should have been on the menu. Definitely the deal you want to pursue in this case. Last comment is on location - I walked over from Spring Garden St. at Ridge and there were some places I was hesitant about even during the day. Broad St. itself seemed fine, so my recommendation is to park carefully, or have someone wait with the car along Broad, should you visit at night.AMAZING!!  I had the mushroom steak one night and the philly cream cheese steak the next night... both were phenomenal.  I recommend the "whiz" version.In Philly for work, and my wife and I wanted a Cheese Steak.  Most of the usual places only accept cash so we found Jimmy G's.  Service was superb (owner/manager? helped guide us to parking in back), price  was reasonable and Cheese Steak subs and fries were right on!Updating my review. First time I went, the cheese whiz was watery, but the owner contacted me via Yelp and said they fixed the issue, which it appears they have in the last couple times I visited (upgraded my review as a result). This is my go-to spot from 3-4am on the weekend as it's the only place open nearby.Great steaks and the fries where excellent. In fact I'm headed there now...  Just got here to Philadelphia yesterday and last night I had a excellent cheesesteak here along with fries tonight I think I'll have the fries with some Cheez Whiz fantastic i really amazed that they actually have lamb steaks chicken cheese sticks and got some kind of pork steak which looks really good and so you have plenty of options here for you to cheese steaks and like itemsI dont typically eat beef but I took a bite of my husbands cheesesteak with provolone and it was delicious! Almost good enough for me to start eating beef again lol. The meat was perfectly seasoned and the provolone cheese was a nice touch bc we do not like the artificial taste of cheese wiz. Additionally the old bay fries were to die for. We live in Jersey but would definitely cross the bridge to come back againI've ventured to many cheesesteak establishments throughout the city and burbs. Jimmy G's to me seems more like a hidden gem (that's not really hidden.) It sits beside the beautiful newly renovating Devine Lorraine.  After visiting 3 times, the first thing that stands out is Jimmy G's doesn't have those obnoxious lines you get from the those over hyped other joints. It's surprising because the food here is spot on. Both reg cheesesteak and buff chick cheesesteak hit those tastebuds perfectly.  The real star that sets this place well above the rest are the fries. They give you real steak fries seasoned with just the right spice. Shoe string or thin cut doesn't compliment such a Philadelphia staple like Jimmy G's fries do.Very good place to find a cheesesteak, and the staff was very friendly. Pretty easy to find on Broad St.Very good cheesesteak. I wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was because of all the competition around, but my cheesesteak was delicious! The bun was soft, cheese was abundant and the meat was pretty good. Would recommend.Ok So I Was In Atlantic City And Had An Itch For Cheese Steak.... This Place Is Amazing... And Affordable Two Steaks Two Drinks And Cheese Fries For $24 You Can't Beat That...... Place Is Clean And Nice... Coming Back Next Week... I Made A Mistake After And Went To Geno's It Was Terrible!!!..,, Jimmy G's Is The Place To Go!!I tried my very first Philly Cheesesteak in Philly here. Of course I've had this amazing sandwich other places, but never in Philly. I was quite happy with my order. It was quite sloppy like I wanted it to be and it offered a great meal two meals after the fact. I couldn't finish the sandwich because it is literally huge. My friend and her husband split one alone and they were both full after the fact as you can imagine. 
We both got the stand cheesesteak with the cheese wiz that it is apparently know for. It was delicious and probably 25,000 calories, but I did NOT shed a single guilt about eating that sandwich. It was sexy!
My friends did split some fries. I felt the fries were standard and nothing special, but that sandwich though!!!!!!!! 
PS
Patio is worth sitting out pending the weather is good. It's cute and plenty of seating.Jimmy G's was a great experience. The building appears to be new and the inside is extremely clean. The service was good, very friendly. We got the cheesesteak with American cheese. If anything, it could've used a little more meat but it was so reasonably priced that we didn't mind. Can't wait to come back in the summer when the patio opens up!Good steaks. A little wet, not the best beef, and not cut down the middle. But still good. I like the condiment options--roasted peppers especially. Prefer hand-cut fries to the ones I was offered. Nice heated tent too.I will admit that I am not the biggest fan of cheesesteaks. They are greasy, poorly seasoned and messy to eat. 
At Jimmy G's, I did thoroughly enjoy the cheese fries, and I ate the steak out of my sandwich. The cheez wiz was rubbed onto the roll and I believe if the cheez wiz was on top of the steak instead, the flavors would seep into the meat more, but instead I found myself scooping extra cheez wiz from my cheese fries onto the steak. 
The bread was an uninspired torpedo roll bread. I guess I am more into the non-traditional cheesesteak with extra spice to add some pizazz and a good, hearty artisan roll to act as a vessel for a cheesesteak.
I don't think I will be coming back, but instead continuing the search for the best cheesesteak to meet my particular taste preferences.I am not a cheese steak person per se, but these were delicious. You have to wait in a long line, and will smell like a greasy cheese steak when you leave, but hey, it is worth it to try one and say you have been to an iconic Philly steak place. nom nomGreat new steak place in Philly! Better quality meat than Genos/Pats etc. The bread was fresh, the selection was great. The other sandwich options looked pretty good as well. The fries were crispy and perfectly cooked. The staff was very friendly. I definitely plan on returning.Jimmy G's claims to have the best fries in Philly-- and I don't think they're wrong, although the cheese fries ended up being more of a Cheez-Whiz Soup with some fries mixed in. The cheesesteak was par for the course in Phillly-- very good. The environment was really great; they are able to capture the Pat's and Geno's outdoor feel in their own fenced-in ecosystem.
Definitely worth trying; probably the best cheese steak north of Market Street.Stopped here on our way out of Philly last night, and the place exceeded expectations. I had a pizza steak and it was warm, gooey, and the perfect amount of spicy. I also split an order of old bay fries with my brother, and oh my, they were amazing. Thick cut fries and the old bay spice was perfect, not too much, not too little, don't miss the fries at this place. I've tried other Philly cheesesteak places and always find myself leaving disappointed, Jimmy G's was an exception. Is it gourmet food, no, but is it solid, well-prepared, yummy food, yes!Okay i have to preface this review with saying that i have only ever eaten there while intoxicated, late at night, and under no circumstances do i order my steaks with Whiz. That being said, still a decent cheesesteak
I'm a fan of a chopped up steak, with american or Prov, and 'wit'. My biggest knock against this place is that they don't cut up their cheesesteak, my girlfriend is the opposite, and she really likes this place, and i'll agree that of all the non chopped meat places, this is probably the best.
The meat has a really good flavor to it, the onions are perfectly cooked, the wait time is usually minimal, but then again, i've only gone after 12 so the foot traffic on broad is limited.
But overall this place is great when you need food and a cheesesteak is the only way to fill yourself up. I've noticed this is a uniquely Philly need, as every time im out of town and need food late at night, all i want is a cheesesteak, and its the only thing i can't have!!!!They claim they have the best fries in Philly they lie shanks steaks and sketch burger have that title;. Low quality food and taste ;pizza fries  had good sauce but some cheap cheese not provelon or motzerella and to boot they have a rude Cook that was talking shit about my  children while I was still ordering I would skip this place  for sure .  Waste of time and hard earn money.Not sure what kind of hoagie bread but sandwich was beyond Soggy, taste like they had been frozen and thawed. No pickles, not enough onions and meat was bland. Fries were the best thing.I have no complaints about this place at all! The pizza steak literally tastes like pizza flavor. The mushroom steak with provolone is also very good. It was my first time trying old bey fries and I am not sure why they are so popular or so well known in philly. Maybe I missed something. Anyhow they were great and inexpensive.Best cheesteaks hands down..cool eating spot too.clean spot you can eat in.good spot for the summertimeWhat a difference a year makes. This used to be my favorite cheesesteak establishment. Last year the steaks were great and so was the customer service. I don't know what happened in the last twelve months.  I just got back from the eagles game and decided to swing by here on my way home. The customer service went downhill very fast. And I noticed that they are really chopping the crap out of the meat and doesn't have the same flavor anymore. I should have went straight home.  I will have to call Oregon steaks my new favorite spot now.Driving along North Broad street and we noticed a sign in big red letters "BEST FRIES IN PHILLY" so of course we had no other choice but to try it. Plus the fact that we needed to have a philly cheese steak while in Philly (obviously). I got a philly steak with provolone cheese and onions with old bay fries. A total of $8. And that's a very good price for the amount of food you get. I had trouble eating more than half and couldn't even finish it. I have to say it's not the "best fries in Philly" but they came pretty close. I would def go again.I came to your business today and the man serving the food was very rude when I asked for pickles to go with my sandwhich he slammed the window in my face. I had to go back to the cashier to get the pickles. I spoke with the manager after a 15 minute waite. If the server can't deal with the public he shouldn't be working the window. A disabled Veteran should be treated with more resepect.This place is garbage. We went late night after a concert hoping to get an amazing cheeser and fries and were very disappointed. The steak was super grissly and tough.  They advertise as having the best fries - I would have to disagree. I'm sticking to del rossi's from now on. Will not go back here.Stopped by this place last Firday. First time having it and let's me start by saying it was awesome! I've had a lot of cheesesteaks and this is the second best I've in the city just barely behind Joe's (formerly Chink's) and better than Tony Luke's and Jim's, which I am also a big fan of. 
The outside has jars of pickles, sweet peppers, hot peppers, ketchup, mustard and horseradish. I love getting a side of pickles and sweet peppers, it's the little things that count.
The steaks were great, going with unchopped meat, which I am not usually a fan of because most places don't use a high quality meat, but Jimmy G's uses a very delicious and tender cut of ribeye, which was delicious. The roll was firm, but not too hard and the provolone cheese was a perfect amount. The onions were medium sized chunks and delicious. My friend got whizz and was very happy with it.
Also, as a bonus, as people have already said, the fries were incredible, some of the best fries I've had. Big chunks of potato that are fried to a crisp like they have some kind of batter on them and then seasoned well. Really really good.
To top it off, the price was reasonable and the staff was friendly, $11 for the steak (decent sized), fries (crap ton, if you go with two people you only need one order of fries) and a drink. They have what seems like temporary indoor seating, but there are heaters so if it is cold, you'll be find seating in there. 
I hope they are getting enough business because this place needs to stay open and be reward for using quality ingredients. Too many places (Pat's/Geno's) are going off of reputation alone and their ingredients have really fallen off, making for a lousy cheesesteak. Give them a try and tell your friends.Jimmy G's is a very solid choice to get a good cheesesteak. I was visiting Philadelphia last week on business and knew I had to get a cheesesteak while I was in town; Jimmy G's was close enough to my hotel and also well-rated here on Yelp, so I decided to give them a try. I wasn't disappointed. At around 8:30pm on a Wednesday night there was no line, so not long a wait for my sandwich. I got a cheesteak with wiz, mushrooms, and onions. It was well-wrapped so still hot when I got it back to my hotel (they have some outdoor seating but it was threatening to rain). The sandwich was delicious, a bit salty because of the wiz but the steak was well-cooked and paired really well with the mushrooms and onions. All told a good sandwich and I recommend Jimmy G's.FLAVOR! FLAVOR! FLAVOR! I eat cheesesteaks about 2x per year. This was definitely worth the calories! I will eat here again. The staff were so nice and that means a lot in this part of town. The food was tasty and not your "usual cheesesteak". I was even able to eat outside in their covered patio, it was warm and quiet. I will be back!After a day of eating steak sandwiches with the fellas at some of Phillys renowned best steak subs shops including Pats and Genos I must say the best steak sandwich we ate today was from Jimmy G's on Broad St hands down. Moist cheesy goodness with mushroom and onions without a whole lot of bread.recent trip to philly and had to have a cheesesteak...didnt make it to pat or genos but tried Jimmy G's and they held up to their yelp reviews...good cheesesteak/service and place was clean but not sure why there is no indoor seating or bathrooms?I was back again today and had the roast pork sandwich.  It was the best I have ever had.  I highly recommend it.  I had the fries again too.  Just love the food here.We drove into Philadelphia just to grab a steak sandwhich from Jimmy G's after our run at the Rocky Stairs! We could not have been more pleased.  Great quality meat and the best bread! The staff was very nice and helpful.  If you are in the area or even if your not, make time to stop by and have a killer cheesesteak here!Exceptionally disappointing. This was my second time driving all the way from upstate ny. First time (2 years ago) was amazing. This time they used frozen steak which made the cheesesteak incredibly runny and greasy. Cheese wiz was runny and greasy as well, maybe because of the added moisture from frozen food. On top of that, the flavor was just not there. Definitely not worth the time or money.By far the worst cheesesteak I have ever eaten. The meat was dry and practically minced, and the roll was semi-stale. And their claim to have the "best fries in Philly"...HA!...tasteless.The Food (Above Average)
Approaching the venue, you smell the sweet majestic scent of philly cheesesteaks being cooked to perfection. I ordered a Large Cheesesteak with Wiz Cheese and Mushrooms and found the taste matched the smell. I enjoyed the meal with three friends, shared some cheese fries, and all of us were impressed with the quality of the food. 
The Atmosphere (Average)
This place has all the basic amenities expected of a decent cheesesteak shop, such as a simple yet enticing menu, clean outdoor seating good for both small and large groups, and a window into the kitchen so you can see your food being prepared. If anything, they would probably benefit from some indoor wall seating.
The Price: (Above Average)
For me and my girlfriend, the price for two enormous cheesesteaks with mushrooms and a soda was around $20, which in my opinion is the sweet spot for cheesesteak-shop pricing.
The Service: (Above Average)
No complaints here, the front-window cashier was very helpful and offered her opinion on several options on the menu, the cheesesteak was prepared quickly yet with care, and the manager asked if we enjoyed our meal on the way out.Best cheesesteak ive had in a looong time. Im kinda nervous to go back bc it might not live up to the 1st time hype. But man i dug it.  Meat was tender, not chewy or fatty.  Couldnt give it 5 stars bc the wiz was juuust a notch below your normal cheesesteak joints and the roll was a tad softer than id like. But again, 4 stars w those problems means it was pretty damn solid.Went here on 9/26/14, the food amazing I have no complaints. The only disappointing moment was when my girlfriend threw out my fries.Cheesesteak for lunch (Cleavers) and cheesesteak for dinner (here), so I had a good basis for comparing at least two places in Philly.
Pros: Found the cheesesteak sandwich to be MUCH superior to the one I had earlier in the day at Cleavers.  Meat was much juicier.  Mushrooms were the traditional kind (instead of portabello, as used by Cleavers).   Overall excellent sandwich. Very reasonably priced.  Nice outdoor seating area.  
Cons: Not much.  Kind of a middle-of-nowhere location, although not far from either Temple's campus or downtown (right in the middle of the two on Broad Street) and right upstairs from subway station.  No indoor seating.  And outdoor seating has these sort of mesh picnic tables that make it hard to set down bottle of soda without spilling them.So the sign on the side of the building read "Best Fries in Philly". Now I haven't had fries everywhere in the city but they were sure the best I had so far. 
Cheesesteak or "wiz with" was so damn good. It was so hot but i couldn't wait to eat it. I can afford a few burns on the top of my mouth. 
Highly recommend if you've never been here or debating on stopping by. Also they do have delivery as an option which is a plus.My sister and I just randomly stopped in on our way back home to NJ,and we were sure glad we did. Cheese steak joints, we've tried THEM ALL, and Jimmy G's is top notch. Great customer service, and friendly to first timers. The best bang for your buck in Philadelphia.Jimmy G was very delicious. It was my second authentic cheesesteak I had in Philadelphia and it was so good! I would recommend this place to friends and familyI feel sorry for what happened with other negative reviews or maybe I always get lucky whenever I'm here? I love Jim G Steak, I have tried many cheesesteak places but only this one really got all of my heart. They always gave me a lot of meat, I love how they chop their meat and no piece of fat meat ( I can't eat the fat meat ) I had beef cheesesteak and chicken cheesesteak, gotta try the lamp one day too. I like seeing when they cook thru the glass, service very fast, also their fries, they are just best out of best.Best steak I've had in a while, plus I love everything about this place...clean, friendly, can pay with credit card, ample seating, ample parking, etc. It's also open late and doesn't get that crowded (this will change though, as it's pretty new and word will soon get out). I envision this place becoming a destination on North Broad.I came here yesterday for a cheesesteak craving I was having. The spot was pretty easy to find, and the huge BEST FRIES IN PHILLY sign out front helped. I have to disagree with the best fries concept. We got cheesefries and all the cheese went to the bottom of the cup leaving the fries soggy which I wasn't a fan of. And they were pretty thick cut so the sogginess happened pretty fast. The cheesesteak was okay. I like that it was chopped steak, I love that but there wasn't enough cheese for the cheese to meat ratio. Also the bread was super greasy on the outside. I personally am not a fan of that. I want my bread to be fresh not freshly greased. Also, I asked for some hot sauce and it was 50 cents... I'll be sure to bring my own hot sauce if I ever come backGreat steaks, courteous service, quick delivery.Don't see anything special about this place besides the location. It's not that the steak was bad, just pretty mediocre and the advertising of best fries in Philly is false.Great place. Stopped here on the way home from work one day for dinner. The server was very helpful and service was quick. I ended up getting the cheesesteak with mushroom and fries. The fries were great thick cut and lightly old bay seasoned!! The cheesesteak was huge and great tasting. Will definitely be going back again!!Just ok.  I think it's missing the flavor from the onions and mushrooms because it was very flat.  Just tasted like meat on a roll.  And the roll itself wasn't that awesome chewy, crusty rolls I am used to in South Philly.  Definitely better places for cheesesteaks in Philadelphia.looked like steam-ums going on the grill.  overall not one I would return for.How can you ride past a place that says BEST FRIES IN PHILLY?! 
NEXT TIME I WILL DO JUST THAT! I LOVE FRIES and was QUITE DISAPPOINTED in these fries. $3.50 for these frozen, pre-battered and seasoned tasting fries in this tiny container. I tasted one and was soooooo disappointed. Needed ketchup but that wasn't even right. In a Heinz container but clearly not Heinz. 
The person taking orders was such a joy. NOT. He was quite rude when he just plopped this mat in front of me and NEVER once said excuse me or I need to lay this mat right here and then he, guy with locks, was just as rude to a couple talking to each other in that he just stared at them and then looked down at the mat. AGAIN, never did he say anything UNTIL he plopped the mat on the males Jordan's and said "MY BAD". 
For the prices they charge the service could be 100X better and they need to remove that portion of their sign claiming to have the best fries in Philly.Got a wiz without and cheese fries. Cheese steak was very good. Meat was not chewy or tough at all. And they give a generous amount of meat on the sandwich. The cheese fries-Oh My God- soooo good!!!! I mean, extremely good. I have been craving them since I had them a month ago! Just wish they'd give more fries to an order (the only reason 4 stars and not 5). Besides that, nothing to complain about. Gotta try it!!Really solid cheesesteaks and great cheese fries for a cheaper price than all of the competitors. The guys that work there are super friendly and nice to me even when I'm under the influence. Lucky to have this spot in Fairmount.Nice place good food but a little on the pricey side other wise i would've given 5 stars.If you are going to Eastern Penitentiary, Jimmy G's is conveniently located. They have nice outdoor seating. Their fries were really good!Here from Atlanta for business and stopped by for a famous cheese steak. Overall very good. Tasty meat and the  are some of the best. If you're looking for a cheese steak , this will certainly satisfy you.Definitely the best cheese-steak I have ever had! I get the chopped steak with onions and sweet peppers, and of course cheese whiz. The old bay fries are awsome too!!Freaking amazing is all I have to say about this place.  Late night food massive variety and the food was excellent.  First and foremost they over cheese steaks chicken cheese steaks and lamb cheese steaks.  Like WTF who offers lamb steaks these guys do that's who.  So you have to come check them out.  I have been to a lot of cheese steak places because well I like them.  So I can tell you if a place is really good or bad and this place is really really good.  The steak they use is a little bit thicker then normal cheese steaks I suspect because it tastes like it is much higher quality then most other places.  Even the cheese was really good gooey and stringy provolone a.k.a. the best way to have cheese.  They have a nice little outdoor seating area for you to enjoy your meal and really good staff so check them out you will be glad you did.Just went here for lunch and i thought it was a really solid cheesesteak.  I reserve 5 stars for only 1 cheesesteak in this town and that's John's Roast Pork.  But anyway.. a few things.
They do cheesesteaks the right way.  They use actual sliced steak (not the frozen chopped stuff) and they actually leave the meat whole instead of chopping it to death - although they'll chop it if you ask.  I got american cheese which came in whiz form from the can.  I didnt mind it but i like sliced american better.  A friend of mine got the chicken cheese steak and again, real chicken and not the frozen chopped stuff.
Overall i thought it was a pretty solid sandwich and definitely one of the best options in the area.  The roll was a little soft for my liking as i prefer the seeded Carangi roll that John's uses.  I will definitely be back and i would definitely recommend it to others.This place is pretty solid. It's got the late night hours to help defeat your cravings at 2am, is next to the subway so you can grab a steak before heading down to the stadiums, and delivers if you just want to stay on the couch all day. Only thing wrong with this place is they don't have coke products which is just not cool in this day and age. Pepsi sucks. 
The workers are also incredibly chill if you get to know them and will always make fun of your one loser friend who decides to "go for a walk but not get a steak". That kid deserves to be made fun of because steaks are all-timeMy new go to cheesesteak spot in Philly!! First off the meat is absolutely the highest quality I've seen; Ginos, Pats, Jims, TLukes, Johns doesn't compare in the quality of the beef used. Other ingredients used were also fresh as well. Taste....mind blowing.  I got the pizza steak w mushroom, hot peppers, onions and provolone cheese and of course pizza sauce...it was amazing, meat melted in my mouth. Jims and pats were my favorite go to for my cheesesteak fix but Jimmy Gs is my new spot.The cream cheese steak - YES - cream cheese.  You think - Oh no way - but then you bite into and realize that this is the ultimate.  Next time I'm going to get it with pizza sauce.Their cheesesteaks are really freaking good. And so are their fries!! Plus they are open so late in case you get late night cravings! Only two small things is I wish they were a tad cheaper and more annoyingly so not leave the cheesesteak wrapped up for too long or it will get soggy.When you go to Philadelphia you get a cheesesteak. On a recent trip, I opted to skip the popular Pat's, Gino's and Tony Luke's cheesesteak institutions and try Jimmy G's Steaks.
One of the newest cheesesteak spots to hit the Philly scene, Jimmy G's is only a few years old. It's located in the Spring Garden area of Philly and has a sleek shiny steel interior and outdoor seating area. This place has also fully embraced social media, with TV screens and billboards showcasing recent Yelp reviews and photos.
After devouring a cheesesteak with Cheez Whiz and onions and some fries, I have to say Jimmy G's can compete with the best of them. The bread was extremely fresh, the meat well-seasoned and nothing beats Cheez Whiz. Check them out next time you're looking for something that's a little less crowded than the usual spots.I went here when it first opened. I was blown away by the quality of the cheesesteak. It was absolutely fantastic. I went back two more times, both great. Then suddenly I went again and the steak was completely different. Now it was chopped up, instead of whole. Not only did it look different, but it tasted like ****! I gave them the benefit of the doubt, maybe a bad day?. But I went back again and the same thing. I asked what was different? They said "we changed the meat".....Nuff said! No more visits for me. However, to be fair, they have great fries!Love this place - i live just a stone's throw away but it is also delicious which makes it that much better! Steaks are huge! I love their classic cheesesteak (with american and banana peppers, only thing that bums me out is they don't have green peppers).
I've also gotten the buffalo chicken cheesesteak with breaded chicken. Delicious. Love the rolls. Open late too! Staff are friendly and cool heated/enclosed area to eat if you want to dine-in. Make sure to check in for $2 off a combo meal! (In total my HUGE cheesesteak, fries which were huge as well - thick steak fries, and coke was 10.50!!)Best place to go for cheesesteaks around fairmount area after late night drinks. Cheesesteak with cheese wiz and onions was delicious. They were generous with the meat they offered. They had other options besides cheesesteak such as chicken, pork and vegetarian. The fries were thick, soft on the inside, but had a nice crisp on the outside. They were seasoned to perfection. Pretty quick service. Place opens until 4am.Best cheesesteak I ever had!  The place is great and service was amazing.  We stopped there with my son's hockey team which had traveled to Philly by bus for a couple of road games.  We arranged our order (about 35 sandwiches plus fries) with the place in advance, and they had everything ready for us when we arrived...still warm and juicy even though our bus hit traffic and showed up late.  Condiments were also fresh and appealing, unlike what I have found in other Philly cheese steak joints. I had the wiz mushroom steak,  with onions, topped with banana peppers, and it was really delicious.   I will be back to try the roast pork!The actual cheesesteak was four star worthy, bread was perfect. However, the steak was a little greasy and my sub needed more cheese and onions.
Minus a star for the slightly unfriendly and slow service and the lack of bathrooms for customers.  Price is also slightly above average.
The place was also deserted on a Sunday afternoon around 3. If you're not familiar with the area the neighborhood is a little rough and I would probably not recommend making a special trip here.He's a clever guy, this Jimmy G fella. Instead of coming into the game claiming 'best cheesesteak', he came in yelling 'best fries'... an interesting strategy. I waited until now to see how long he would last, honestly I never noticed any patrons swarming the place, so I didn't think it would last. But it did, so people must have liked it; so I had to pay my respects.
I went two separate times - once for the steak and once for the fries - to be sure my experiences didn't get mixed up. 
First the steak; chopped fairly fine, whiz with. It was good, and I was unreasonably surprised. They had all the right ingredients: liscio's roll, thin slabs of ribeye, sweet caramelized onion, and an unmarked can of whiz. I don't know why I was surprised; it was good. Next; the fries were steak fries, thick cut, with a crispy outside and mashed potato-like inside. Very good. Not much to say about them other than that. 
Overall it's a good cheesesteak, with very good fries. It is in a weird place, with little foot traffic, so that may be an issue for them; but that area was also missing a decent cheesesteak 'landmark'. I'd go back if I was in the area or heading around TU, but wouldn't leave South Philly to go to Fairmount for a cheesesteak, ever.Mediocre steaks at best.  The sandwich was edible, but nothing special.   I grew up eating cheesesteaks and this is not the the worse I ever had but there are far greater options in Philly for less money.  You can continue down North Broad Street and stop at several other places to get much better.  The service is poor even for a take-out steak place.Super Good! Dude hooked us up. I don't know about all the cheese wiz talk, I'm from Da Chi, we don't do that (lol); BUT I had a regular with peppers and provolone cheese, yummy. It made my night.  The hours said they closed at 4a, but they closed at 2a on this night. So glad I drove past this place, they were the only thing open late. This place put Geno's to Pure Shame, smh.  It's 10x better, and made with SO much Love!