I've been coming here quite frequently, once maybe twice a week.  But my visit tonight was extremely disappointing.  My pizza took over 30 minutes to be served and there was a huge lack of service.  My waitress was missing and no where to be found.  I found myself waiting around more than anything else with my visit tonight.  Whether it was for the food, quality control, and waiting for the check.  Gave two stars because the food was still good, but the service was aggravating.I live very close to this place it is very good pizza, sometimes the pizza is inconsistent depends on who is making it but my 3 kids love this place , my wife is on a diet so she goes for the salad .Love their pizza!! I love kinda far from this place but I will go out of my way to pick up a pizza at this place. I've gotten a hamburger here before and it was a typical frozen patty. However, the pizza never fails. Also the staff is always friendly and the restaurant is clean.I don't usually eat pizza (other than frozen) cause it's too oily, but this pizza is great! It was delicious!I was really hesitant to try the pizza, because, sauce on top? But pleasantly surprised! It's actually really, really good. I love the pizza. Their mozzarella sticks are really good as well and so are their cheesesteaks! I prefer take out from here though as it's much faster then eating in. Service can be hit or miss sometimes, especially on the weekends (understandable they are PACKED!)My favorite pizza in the NE. Veggie works is good but needs some salt usually. I absolutely love this place and eat here every time I am back home in Philly.My husband and I are kind of snobs when it comes to food quality and Santucci's is our go to place for takeout in the northeast. Food is always fresh and consistently good. Yummy cheese steaks, great hoagies. Despite what another reviewer wrote, they have all real, fresh chicken. We've ordered from them twice a month since they opened, we've never had a wrong order and I can't find a complaint to write. If you're going for pizza, just know all of there pizza is upside down. It's very good but different because the sauce is on the top.I love their pizza! Usually the waitresses are really nice (4 stars because of the few negative experiences had) and the service is pretty fast too. All the food is amazing though and they have some pretty good drink specials on occasion too.I love, love, love their pizza.  Cool story bro: When I lived in St. Louis, the first thing I would want when I came home for  a visit would be Santucci's pizza.  Back then, my hummingbird like metabolism would allow me to eat a whole large pie myself.  Now I can only eat two slices before being stuffed.  
I've never really eaten in at a table here, but I have gone to the bar a few times  The bar scene here is strange, with a lot of the much older crowd hanging out and getting wasted.  If sitting around and playing bingo while listening to the old married couple next to you fight isn't your thing, then you might want to skip the bar.  Otherwise, service and food are consistently good.Very good pizza! Been eating at Santuccis since I was a little kid.  The pizza at Santucci's is very very very good. Probably the best sausage I've ever had! But their prices are a little high. Some things should be included when you order, I shouldnt pay .75 cents for blue cheese when I order a buffalo chicken sandwich. Or .75 cents if I want fried onions on a cheesesteak. 
Their delivery is slow! Up to an hour wait on a Monday night? Maybe you should add some more drivers!! I will continue to order because the food is fresh and delicious but you can work on some issues.I've had pizza from New York through California and hands down this is the best pizza I've EVER had! I stumbled upon this place on a dark hungry night and that was the best decision ever! I always order Large white pizza- half pepperoni and pineapple and other half shrimp with pineapples! It is the best, No one makes it better. I've been to other Santucci's pizza throughout the city and they can not compared to 4050 Woodhaven Rd. My shrimps are full in size and abundant along with the pineapples. The cheese is so cheesy and the dough is always crunchy! I love it. I'm a loyal customer and will come back!!! When I move from Pennsylvania, I'm not sure what I am going to do!!! BTW, the fries are crispy and perfect as well! Visit if you can, I drive over 30mins just for this pizza!I have to say this location prob has the nicest staff and the pizza here is by far the best! They always make the pizza perfect :-)
I love love love the Blt pizza! A traditional white pie with spinach, tomato and bacon! It is by far the best pizza in the world!  Sausage is good too!
I wish it was a little less expensive but for a treat, santuccis is worth the $$$!!Ok, so I've been eating at Santuccis since I was a kid on O street, my entire family grew up on it. I've even worked for Rob, Joes brother and his brother in law Mike. The pizza is really good! But the prices! The prices are ridiculous! Joe, come on, why is it so expensive? Why do you charged for every little thing? $1.50, for a topping on a sandwich, seriously. I was literally charge for tomato and lettuce on a sandwich.  $11.75 for a fried chicken sandwich on a long roll? You charge $4.00 to go from a Kaiser to a long roll??? If you're going to charge for cheese wiz, please use the real thing, not the immatation stuff you use now. I knew your Dad, his prices were never this high, prices aren't this high at any other store. I know as you always say, you're not affiliated with any other store but I've compared menus from South Philly to Roxborogh, you even took away the $2.00 coupon for delivery that you have in northeast times, now it can only be used for pick up. Look like I said your food is good, but you seem to be taking advantage of the hard working people up here. I know you have a good business and I'm sure you'll just turn a blind eye to this review. I will continue to pick up from the "other" closest store, and it's because of your greedy prices. Please understand, I am far from cheap, it's the principle...Never a bad experience. Good is always great and beer is always cold. Wait staff always accommodating.I really love their food. Their pizza is amazing. It's square & the cheese is on the bottom and sauce is on top. The crust is nice and crispy. I remember having pizza day in grade school and this was always what we had. 
The only negative is delivery it's always well over an hour but the food is delicious and worth the wait. There is a $1.00 delivery charge, added to your order. If you decide to pick up its only about 20 minutes. 
This time we ordered a plain pizza, poppers & a cheesesteak. The poppers were done perfectly. Nice and crispy on the outside and plenty of cream cheese inside. The cheesesteak was honestly one of the best I ever had. 
If you never had their pizza you won't be disappointed.Pizza wasn't that great at all. Very bland in flavor. Not enough pizza sauce or cheese. They overloaded the pizza with toppings so there wasn't any taste in the pizza. The bartender was very pretty and kind, but was talking to her friends who just got married the whole time. If you want the best square pizza, head to Brooklyn's L&B Spumoni's pizza.5 of us ordered 2 large pies.. Both brought at the same time and neither one of them was hot. Waitress was pleasant enoughAlways a great environment 
Love the food service is always good
Love to bring the family 
Atmosphere is nice not to loud so we can enjoy family gatheringLove Joe Santuccis classic plain pizza. Dining in always makes the pizza taste better! Tonight we also got an order of white mussels and an order of red. Both were amazing, we all loved them both. Great size and lots of flavor.The Pepperoni Pizza is incredible!  I have never had a bad experience here.  Good place to grab a couple of drinks with friends.  Always clean and the staff is friendly!Delicious square/Sicilian pizza. I always enjoy my experience at any Santucci restraunt.This is some of the best pizza ever! The service is great if you are Joneing for pizza I total recommend thisAwesome pizza! Try the white veggie works. It's delish! When you dine in, the staff are super nice and always make sure they take care of your every need. (Can't say I have ever had the same girl twice) it has a very loud bar on the weekends.Unfortunately there aren't many good pizza spots in the FNE.  This pizza is slightly above average for this area. 
Long wait time for pickup and it's a little disorganized
The biggest issue I have with this place is the way the owner treats the staff.  One occasion several employees were gathered in front of the cash register and had a rare moment of boredom and the owner started yelling at them to get back to work right in front of me.   It was awkward and degrading.  I try and limit my spending there since that incidentHere I am, a Delco Yelper who just happened to be up here looking for any place to eat that isn't in the mall, a chain, or an overrated Chinese buffet. Yelp led me here. 
I like this place. Nothing pretentious whatsoever. And the bartender was very nice like everyone said. 
The pizza, I devoured a small happily. It reminds me of Pica's in Upper Darby. That's a good thing. 
It was a perfect stop for a late Sunday lunch.One word -- DELICIOUS.  Santucci's pizza is crunchy on the bottom and saucy on the top.  Their sauce is the real deal, basil and garlic infused.  I love the way the cheese is hidden under the sauce with bountiful taste and gooey texture.  Our family always orders a large pie, mild buffalo wings and cheese fries. So scrumptious.Best pizza ever. I don't mean in the neighborhood, or in Philly. I mean ever. This pizza must have crack in it because I can't get enough of it. My favorite is a toss between the pepperoni, the chop steak buffalo chicken, and the steak. The food is always good and never lets you down. It's pricier than most places but then again most places only make half ass pizza.LOVE LOVE LOVE SANTUCCI'S PIZZA! There is no other pizza like it.  Full bar.  Great service.  I would go here every day if it was socially acceptable.I love santuccis! I used to come here frequently for quizzo which was always fun. Good food and amazing fries. Never had problems with servers. Can't wait to return.Santucci's is my favorite pizza spot in the NE!
The staff is always warm and friendly. It's definitely a family/neighborhood bar which is always pleasant. -- Food is great. Awesome wings and their personal classic pizza is the best! Slices come in a square shape and sauce is on top rather then bottom. Different, but it works. There is also a ton of beers on tap to choose from. 
Dining in is always a hit. However, delivery waits are always crazy even during the day. Food is worth the wait though.Always a great environment 
Love the food service is always good
Love to bring the family 
Atmosphere is nice not to loud so we can enjoy family gatheringI have had Santucci's since I was a child & we would get it from O Street. Joe Santucci's bar & restaurant is as good as it gets. I'm not sure if the one on Tyson & Whitaker is still there, but that was ok too. I love getting a pizza with the Works! So good. Sometimes things happen like the pizza was undercooked. It is a great place to have a few drinks while waiting for pick up. I would NOT recommend getting delivery. Unless you like waiting well over an hour & having a messed up order. Side note: seems like there are always junkies hanging out there & in the bathroom.+The pizza tasted great
-The stromboli, at a much steeper price, did not
+Receieved a 20% discount...
-because my pickup order took 55 minutes to cook
+The staff were otherwise professional and nice
Ultimately, paying $30+ and 55+ min for only 1 large pizza and 1 large stromboli is too much to ask.I dunno maybe it is because I'm not a Philly region native, maybe it is because I've had better in the burbs, or maybe it is because there is nothing really remarkable about their pizza. I will say this up front that I hate cheese under the sauce. (and yes it sauce which 99% of the country agrees on the name - not sure what happen here to where it is referred to as gravy but I digress). So Santucci's was fighting an uphill battle for my approval from the jump. With that said if the sauce had been something special or extra flavorful then I would have give them more credit but it's not. If the crust had been something special or extra flavorful I would give them more credit but it's not, but I will say it was better when dining in versus getting it delivered. So I just can't recommend them on food. The dine in experience was lack luster. The place looks like the haven't invested a penny back into it in about 30 years. It was sad, the service was sad, it all made my tummy sad. So I'll pass thanks.Honestly have only had 2 things from here. Pizza (plain red and with hot sausage) and salads with grilled chicken. Both are always great. The pizza is all about the sauce for me at Santucci's and it's fantastic. I generally like a thin crispy crust but Santucci's is slightly thicker (but not as thick as a Sicilian pie) however it works with the cheese and sauce. The hot sausage topping is also very good. You won't be disappointed.The service was great! The environment was good!  Looks to be a good bar! But I didn't drink. The mozzarella sticks were good but I'm sure they are froze ! The pizza it was my first time getting pizza with the sauce on top! But it was a little salty, but it wasn't hot. I was a little disappointed because the pizza was not hot. It was borderline cold. But other then that I didn't have anything else. Just here on vacation.I read several stellar reviews on this place, but I didn't see the food quality some of them touted.  The draft beer selection is good, but I wasn't impressed with the pizza.  My slice had obviously been reheated and the crust was hard.  There is no ambience, it's strictly "sports bar basic."  Not bad, just nothing to write home about.Absolutely best place to go for a white pizza! I've lived in NE Philly my whole life and haven't found a place yet that makes a better white pizza. The crust is a perfect thickness and crispy on the bottom and there is just enough garlic that you can taste it without it being overpowering like a lot of other places do to their white pizzas. Service could be better but all in all its decent for a sports bar and the prices are a bit high but well worth it for the quality of the food your getting.Always a great environment 
Love the food service is always good
Love to bring the family 
Atmosphere is nice not to loud so we can enjoy family gatheringThis review is of the pizza only as I did not actually go in the store myself and it was brought home to me. For me, the crust is the most important part. It wasn't bad just not chewy the way I prefer it. The stars of this pizza are the toppings on the sauce - very fresh and very flavorful.   I had a slice the day it was brought home, and another one the next day. I have to say that upon reheating,  the pizza tasted probably better than the first day.    The mushrooms or fresh and not out of the can .     I can't say that I would go out of my way for this pizza but if I had no other knowledge of the area I would look for it as a possible destination.Santucci's pizza is one of my favorites. I love their sausage pizza along with the white. I've tried other items from their menu and have not been disappointed.Santuccis is one of my favorite pizza joints on the East Coast. Jess and I dined here last night around 5:30pm. Knowing it would be busy we had a 20 minute wait. Take out was popping. Pushing out pies like you wouldn't believe.
Being regulars, we knew exactly what we wanted. Loaded boardwalk fries with a side of ranch, large plain pie and two Allagash Whites. Boardwalk fries and a little thicker cut fry, but not a steak fry, loaded with cheez wiz, mozzarella cheese, baked in the oven and garnished with bacon. They're unbelievable. The pie was perfect. Saucy and sizzling hot. We topped ours with shakey parm cheese, red chili flakes and garlic powder.
A must try if you are in the area.Great Pizza.   Terrible Environment, the owner plays terrible 70s music, even during Champion games.Well normally I wouldn't do this but I've had it. Just ordered tonight and all I ever ask is that my pizza and fries are well done. I can't tell you how many times I get home and they are the opposite. Tonight I called back and told them and they wanted me to drive all the way back there with the food. And when I said that wasn't possible the rude girl said sorry bye. Are you kidding me?!Stopped in today with my brother and sister in law,  ordered 3 pies the one with toppings was good, the plain was over sauced with basically no cheese. I wish we would have said something at the time . My brother ordered one to go with extra cheese. which wasn't cheap. We had a few beers and my sister in law had a drink with basically no alcohol in it. The bill came to nearc $100 and we really feel we were ripped off.  The bathrooms smelled as if there was some sewege problem.  I won't be going back for a while ,if at all .Awesome pizza. Great service. And the environment is nice and cozyTotally unique and amazing! I still prefer Vince's over Santucci's, but you will NEVER have a pizza made quite the same way these are. They use butter and oil in the pan before baking that infuses the crust with a sweetness that most pizzas are devoid of.
The garlic bread and appetizers are awesome too! A ton of TVs as wellThe worst pizza I've ever had in my life!!! Why are they famous for pizza, I have no idea! Tasteless, doughy blocks of pizza...even the sausage was horrible! 
NEVER again, Pizza Hut has been pizza!Regrettably, I am unable to put negative stars on this establishment.  What was once a nice place to get a pie or hang out has just completely gone downhill.  Maybe it is because Joe Jr, the owner has decided to spend less time there or because he allows immature fools like his son have a say in how it operates now.  On one of my last visits with a friend of mine, we requested a couple of slices as we sat at the bar.  We were told by the younger Joe that they stop serving slices at 3:00.  When we said it was only 2:40, he rudely ofered to pick the few out of the trash that he had just thrown away and seve them to us.  Additionally on a previous visit, I tried to use a Restaurant.com certificate and was yelled at that they would not honor - why you ask - because it was not valid for pizza or alcohol!!!  Really??  Santuccis set up a coupon deal for a pizza bar that DOESN'T honor purchases of pizza and beer!?!?  And lastly it is was a sad display when the owner had to come out and yell at his wait staff in front of customers for items beyond their control.  They are teenage/ early 20's girls - try being a professional owner/ manager and not a tyrant (hopefully that is not too advanced of a word for them).You can never go wrong with Santucci's pizza. The delivery takes a bit longer than usual but its worth the wait. The homemade meatballs are awesome as well!First time having this pizza and they do sauce on top cheese on the bottom I was unsure about this but got one anyway and to my surprise it was great it's different but good I was impressedI have been coming to this location for years as my dad loves Santucci's, being from the old neighborhood. Full disclosure, I have not eaten inside the restaurant in many years so this is mostly a review of their takeout. Most of the times we'll just get pizza but sometimes we'll also get sandwiches. I wanted to rave about both. We had just picked up an order to go yesterday, a plain pie and 4 meatball sandwiches. SO GOOD. We used to ask for extra sauce and cheese on the pizza but yesterday's pie was perfection and much better than any other Santucci's location. The sauce was just the right balance of sweet and seasoned, and there was a healthy amount. Perfectly cooked crust and topped adequately! YUM. I used to not like their pizza but over time it seems to have gotten better so whatever you're doing, keep it up! And the meatballs! Delicious! Perfectly moist and flavored, never burned like most places. Roll toasted to perfection and the sandwich is actually filled, no skimping here. I'll be happy to keep coming back to this location as this is the real deal.I like my square pizza with plain cheese.  The sauce is full of flavor and the crust is crispy.  I always ask for extra cheese.  Once, I had onions and mushrooms on my pizza and it made it soggy.  Never again!Solid neighborhood bar. The bartenders are good and they have a very nice Perlick Beer System. In a normal draft beer system, all the beer lines run in one big outer line along with one or two coolant lines. In a Perlick, each beer line has its own coolant line. Perlicks are top of the line beer systems normally found in big time bars like Buffalo wild wings and Millers Ale House. Joe, the owner of Santucci's, takes care of his Perlick and the beer is always perfect and ice cold. If you enjoy beer, they have a great selection on draft and fair prices.Always good! Best pizza around!!! Never been disappointed! The cheese fries with american cheese are amazing! Friendly staff! No complaints i love this place!I mean who doesn't love santuccis. The only odd thing I could mention is that we asked for half white broccoli n half red plain and it mostly came out 1/3 white broccoli n 2/3 plain. Sorta strange how they worked that one on the pizza. Also we asked to have the pizza cut in smaller slices to share easier and that was done in a weird fashion too. Just minor mishaps. I love santuccis!Good pizza for the value. We order the pepperoni square pizza every Saturday night for dinner. I definitely recommend this pizza place for anyone in the area.This is a Philadelphia staple for those who love to try different types of pizzas. I remember the Frankford location most. It was always a good place to stop and get your Friday/Saturday fix.
I must admit I only go there for the pizza. With that said I do recommend going for take out. I have been to this location many times and was never quite 100% satisfied with there customer service.
I will continue getting take for years to come.music extremely loud ,literally couldn't hear anyone talking so we decided to do take out . like being at a bad pub. no where to stand or sit while waiting for take out. and if you go out side you can't hear them call your name so don't leave the loudest Pizza joint. not worth it for sub par santuccis.Best pizza I ever had I recommend everyone comes here the food is delicious and appetizing if you want to have a nice night with pizza and beer come hereI must give it a good review since I am a sucker for this style of pizza but I have been here about 15 times and never had a bad meal. Pizza is consistent and great. Appetizers are good though they are slightly typical pizza place fare. 
I have never tried any toppings since the sauce is so good I don't want anything to get in the way.
Only true downfall of this place can be if you go on a night they have a DJ. It gets really loud and it isn't really the type of place you would expect loud bad music. 
Loud music won't put me away from great square pizza though. If you are in the area worth checking out.Yay, I am a fan of Santucci's!  It may be a bit of a strange concept, but beer + pizza always wins in ym book.  Santucci's is a marriage of delivery pizza and a bar.  A nice bar at that...24 beers on tap!  
When I went to Santucci's I expected more of a restaurant feel.  That was quicky banished when we were handed the same menu one would use at home for delivery.  Nonetheless, it was still tasty.  The pizza is hands down the best square pizza around.  Wings were alright, and the pasta dishes were good too.  Our waitress was a sweetheart too.  
I know I already mentioned this, but their tap is awesome!  After the waitress spouted off all 24 drafts, I had to seriously take a minute to decide, rather than settle for a crappy domestic like I usually have to do.
The inside is a little strange.  The bar is definitely the focal point of the establishment.  Since the bar is so large, there aren't too many tables, which resulted in a longish wait.  They also have a dancefloor and a DJ which was odd, but hey, whatever.Decent place. Pizza, I would say is so-so. I heard really good things about the pizza. But I found it okish. I think it's mostly personal preference.Thier pizza stinks sauce has no taste. If you want great pizza in this area VINCES pizza all the way . Grant plazaSquare pizza sounds weird right? Cheese on the bottom, sauce on top even weirder? Well it works. The pizza is always delicious here. The service top notch. All the girls at the takeout counter friendly and helpful!
 If you don't call ahead for your takeout order you can sit at the bar and have an ice cold beverage.Worst management and ownership I have ever encountered in my life!!
I wish I could give this establishment negative stars. My husband and I went to Santucci's with a restaurant.com voucher, which management refused to honor. The manager then said she was going in the back, and then the owner came out and literally screamed at us in the middle of the restaurant. Apparently they do not have a good relationship with restaurant.com, but I don't see how that should have anything to do with me, the customer. She then asked if we ordered anything yet, to which we replied, "no". We were then asked to leave. Seriously, I don't care if they serve the most amazing food in the world, I will never ever spend my money in a restaurant that treats their customers this way. 
As I was leaving, I told the owner that I was going to write a negative review about her restaurant due to this, and she told me that I'd better "watch my back". Classy. 
Stay away from Santucci's!!We love Santucci's!! They have the best pizza in the neighborhood, and great drink prices during sports games. The owner is the nicest guy, and donates so much to the neighborhood. Try the buffalo chicken pizza....you won't be disappointed.extra large 1/2 plain 1/2 pepperoni pie, ask for it well done and you can't go wrongDecided to try this place after reading all the wonderful Yelp reviews for this establishment, but I'm sad to say that I was disappointed. I must have a different palate or something. Maybe because I'm not a Philly native.
For one, the pizza is a bit overpriced. A small cheese pizza (4 slices) is about ten dollars. I ordered a small cheese, a small buffalo chicken, a soda, and a kids size milk and apple juice. My total came out to about 30.00. 35 with tip.
The pizza was a bit thicker than I would have liked it to be. The crust was also too crispy. The kids (ages 2 and 3) couldn't chew it. 
I'm sorry but I won't be returning.This is probably the best pizza I have had in philly. Pepperoni sausage is to die for and the crust is spot in. Love itGreat place! Pizza is amazing! The atmosphere is awesome, especially if you're a sports fan. They have quite a few t.v's. Would definitely come again when I'm in town.Pizza was very good, loved the sauce! But if you are here near closing time, they'll vacuum around you. And closing time on Sunday is 10:00pm, and that's when they turned the lights off, even though we still had drinks on the table to finish.Though they have dinner specials, I have never tried any of them, because the pizza is so good! There are many flat screens in the dining room and the bar so whatever local team is playing you can always catch. The square pizza is good white or with sauce, with or without toppings. The fries are decent and you get a good amount. Parking is plentiful, and then when you are stuffed, you can head over to nearby Franklin Mills Mall to walk off the food coma!I was a little skeptical of trying Santucci's, because I went to College Park UMD, and down there we had square pizza at Ledo's, and that was my golden standard. I didn't think this place could even compare. My boyfriend constantly raves about it though and so I finally relented one day.
Eating in is not something I'm a huge fan of, it's kind of got a sports bar vibe that I'm not into, but for takeout... okay, it's pretty good pizza. It's a little bit on the expensive side, especially for a large, but the large is REALLY large and the pizza is really filling. The upside-down style is good at keeping the cheese on, and their sauce and toppings are fresh and flavorful. My favorite part is the crust, which is thick and crispy, something I'm normally not that into, but somehow works for this particular pizza.
Not my first choice, especially as I'm not often in the northeast, but if someone offers me a slice of Santucci's I'm not going to turn it down!The pizza is good.  The servers are nice.  But this is the 3rd time I've been here when they had no white wine. On a Friday night. I can see the Wine & Spirits store at Philadelphia Mills from this place.  They said they had "white" zinfindel.  No thanks.  I get it that this is mostly a beer bar, but not everyone drinks beer.  Don't think that stocking white wine is too much to ask of this place.  We live close. Would love to be able to stop in and have a few drinks and some pizza.  Oh well.Listen, the decor is drab and the place is kind of a NE dive.  But, if you think pizza should be all about the sauce, you wont find better.  Best Pizza around.  The service is super friendly too.I LOVE SANTUCCI'S.  Their pizza is the best thing I have ever eaten.  I think I could eat it everyday and never get sick of it.  The bar and grill is fab!  Besides the pizza being out of this world, they have an amazing selection of beer, great prices, awesome atmosphere (games are always on, DJ at night).  I go here at least twice a month for beer and pizza on a Friday night.  Always crowded but if you wait it out you will get a seat.  Not a bad seat in the place weather you are sitting at the bar or at a table or booth.The best pizza place around. Pizza was spot on and the service was great. The wait for the pizza was just about 10 minutes which was surprisingly fast. Looking forward to my next visit!There's not many pizza places in this part of Northeast Philadelphia that had many Yelp! reviews and so I ventured out here when I was in the area because it had more than 10 reviews, and most of them were favorable.
I would say if you're local it's not a bad place to park your keister and grab some drafts and decent pizza. But I would not go out of my way to try this place in particular. 
I had your very basic pepperoni stromboli and it wasn't great. In fact it was pretty flavorless, and I blame that on the dough. It's pretty hard to pull of a tasty stromboli that doesn't have more than just cheese in it because I would say the dough ends up being the thing you taste the most. Mine was burnt, but the waitress gave it to me, apologized and said the chef could cook another one for me if I wanted. I declined since it wasn't extremely burned, just really over cooked, but thought it was nice of them to offer. I tasted my love's stomboli which was cooked correctly and the dough was still very bland.Good place
Skip the potato skins, the cheese is nacho cheese sauce, which detracts from an otherwise good skin
Pizza was good.  Good thickness and texture on the crust, but not too thick.   Sausage was a bit spicy, but not excessive.   Pepperoni could have been more plentiful 
Sauce on the top is interesting, changes it up, but I do believe it cooks quicker
Small pepperoni and sausage pizza is PLENTY for one person
Definitely go here again