Hands down best pizza in philly!!!  Be sure and stop in and try the different varieties of pizza!!  The mozzarella pizza is really tasty and one of my favorites!!  Awesome atmosphere and welcoming staff!I've been living in Philly since September of this past year and for 7 months I have scoured the city looking for any/all pizza places near me or within delivery distance. As a long time pizza eater and lover, I was very excited to sample what Philly had to offer.
To say I've been disappointed would be an understatement; that is until I discovered Joe's. I've tried other places before and after but nothing has even come close. The pizza tastes exactly how pizza should taste; like the favorite food that I love so dearly. Joe's is far from the poor excuses for pizza that taste like cardboard I've experienced elsewhere. 
I won't say it's the best pizza I've ever had but it is the best pizza I've had so far in Philly. If you like to eat good quality pizza with a variety of toppings to choose from, a sauce that's not too sweet, a crust that's the perfect balance between crunchy and doughy, and with just the right amount of cheese, I would highly recommend going to Joe's. If you have non-existent taste buds and/or prefer pizza that tastes like an empty toilet paper roll, Joe's is not for you. 
P.S.: The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because when I go they don't always have my favorite slice, the buffalo chicken, available.Good tomato pie.  San Marzano tomato sauce is great.  Crust is good but not great. We only go for the tomato pie but pizza looks deliciousFull disclosure: I've probably spent too much time living in Jersey and NYC to be an unbiased reviewer here. I may be overly critical.
I came here the other night looking for a quick dinner. I got a slice of plain and a slice of pepperoni and pineapple (total cost: $6.50). The plain was really just not good. A plain slice is the litmus test of a good pizzeria. The sauce wasn't flavorful and the cheese tasted like mass product out of the bag. I also found it greasy (and not in a good kind of way). Fortunately, the pepperoni and pineapple was slightly better, but likely due to the addition of toppings (aka makeup for a messed up pizza face).
The good: definitely a wide array of slices out (more than just plain, pepperoni, sausage, etc.). 
The bad: said wide array seems as though they have been sitting out for quite some time. Service is also not overly warm.
Summary: if you go, get a slice with toppings.Good east coast style pizza. It gets kind of crazy and hectic in there around lunch time. I reccommend spinach and ricotta slices or the tomato and fresh mozzarella slices.This was an awful experience. My family was refused service amd had to order pizza which was already made. My mom who had a severe allergic reaction to preservatives, causing her tongue to swell with sores. 
Do not come to this establishment.Jerks run this place! Screamed at customer for not having cash. Small sign at register for their illegal $10 purchase credit card limit.This is my go to pizza place when I am in the Rittenhouse area. It's just consistently good pizza. I wouldn't say the best pizza in the world by any means, but if you are craving a slice this is the place to go. Lunchtime can get pretty hectic. I went in yesterday and some old man tried to school me and say I was in the wrong line. Hey buddy, why don't you worry about your own order, eh? I'm a regular. I know how the place works.We ordered the tomato pie which was very delicious. One of my sisters ordered one slice of the white pizza which was very good. I will go back again to try different try pf pizza. the delivery service was very true to the time. I asked for our order to be delivered to our hotel  at 6:30 PM and it arrived no later than 6:35 PM. it was hot and fresh and we enjoyed our pizza.Came here for a quick bite to eat. I ordered a cheese and pepperoni slice. It was ok but not impressed at all. It's not place I would be rushing to go back to.UPDATE:
They recently introduced their whole wheat, fresh mozzarella and arugula pizza topped with optional white truffle oil. I have eaten whole wheat pizza all over the entire tri-state area and they have honestly perfected it. The crust is nirvana-- not heavy, dense and off-tasting like most whole wheat pizza. It's light and fluffy with just the right amount of crunch.. LOTS of greens that add a slight texture, but are otherwise mild and add that touch of healthiness that one might need to justify two slices. I can honestly say it's the best pizza I have ever eaten in my life. And I eat a ton of pizza. Probably too much.
Get the triangle shape if available. I don't find the Sicilian (although it looks identical) nearly as tasty. 
NOT cheap, (7 bucks for two slices) but truly worth it.We were in Philly for a few days and stopped in for a quick dinner before heading to the baseball game. The service was great (super accommodating for our 2 kids). They found milk for the kids, and recommended a new pizza I'd never tried before, which I loved. All our pizza was really good. Would definitely recommend for anyone looking a delicious quick pizza dinner.Terrible  choice for delivery.
Ordered through Grub Hub on a Sunday evening at 5:03pm.  Projected delivery window was 5:45-5:55pm. Food arrived at 6:24pm. We had ordered a cheeseburger, chicken steak, sweet potato fries and a pepperoni pizza.  When the food finally arrived it was lukewarm at best (lukewarm fries are gross and can't really be recovered).  The burger was tough and dry, and like the other food the pizza was cold.  Very disappointing.  Will be going back to Lazarro's from now on.One of my favorite pizza places in Philly. Good location in the middle of center city. It is always to try it.
Prompt service and friendly staff. Always again.Can't say anything about the food yet but I ordered ahead and just been waiting for about 15 more min. Every time they interact with me they say two more minutes.  I thought we'd come here bc it was closer than Lorenzo's but by this wait we would have been able to go pick up, eat and be done the dishes!This place sucks. The pizza is actually better cold. It's like $5.50 for 2 slices of really crappy pizza. The sign says it's open late, which it never ever is. Kind of stupid for a place to shut down that early around all the bars, they should call it closed pizza. Too expensive for bad quality,C+
I was in here for a quick lunch bite and I was not fan of their pizza. The service was pretty quick, but was pretty much it.
I had the pepperoni and pineapple pizza and barbecue chicken pizza.
Pepperoni and pineapple pizza was really good, so I was very excited for my next pizza. The barbecue chicken pizza was very dry. The chicken was so dry that I did not even finish the slice. If I had to go back I would get the pepperoni and pineapple pizza.
Also they give refill for $1.Average slice at best. I personally found the crust to be too thick and doughy. My slice was fresh out of the oven and yet seemed undercooked.  Sauce was to watery and cheese mediocre. Worth the $2.75 center city price? Not at all.This place is okay for a pizza joint. The pizza was a bit bland as well as light on the sauce, but the place is clean and the people are nice.Decent place for a slice of pizza - huge variety of slices ready to just heat up. Staff is nice and efficient - slices are turned over quickly!
Best pizza I've ever had? Not by a long shot.  But if you want a slice of something unique (broccoli, or portabella and goat cheese), there's already a slice ready for it. It does the job.
Place is packed for lunch, but there is an upstairs dining area!Just ok and quick pizza to go, note the sauce is boring. A plain cheese slice is $2.75 which I think is pricey.  The people at the counter always get the pizzas confused when you place your order in. So the guy behind you can technically get his pizza before you if he moves fast enough.  I rather go to somewhere that gets the order right so that I can avoid the frustration.
I did see a woman freak out at this place when the counter guy gave her pizza to someone else, not a pretty scene and also, it ruined my lunch hearing someone scream and get all angry.I'm back by popular demand fwm yah, we pulled up to this jawn cuz I wanted some pizza, I rocked with the ambience an the real Italian feel, it really made me feel like I was out there in Italy koolin! I really didn't get shit but 2 slices of cheese pizza (CAUSE YALL DIDNT HAVE ANYMORE BUFFALO CHICKEN PIZZA) & some cheese fries. The only reason I'm giving yall a 4 is because we seen JOE!!! THE LEGENDARY JOE OF JOES PIZZA OMFG THE GODFATHER HIMSELF! (I'm pretty sure it was him)Ultra long lines, slightly expensive, decent pizza, quick (if rude) service at the counter.  All hallmarks of this consistent, if overrated, pizza joint.  
They have a relatively large seating area, lots of different pizza-by-the-slice options, and it's convenient to many downtown businesses.  
Check it out if you don't mind waiting in a long line.Their  pizza is great but a little pricey but well worth it ...Try the buffalo chicken pizza its amazing.Slices are good, staff is generally attentive and freindly. Usually bustling with people so place your order and get out of the way!! 
The pizza is good, usually plenty of options to grab a quick slice and almost always another fresh pie coming out of the oven. 
The cheesesteaks are above average, one of the best in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood. 
The ambience is what you would imagine of a good pizza joint.Very good pizza. They know what they are doing here. I wouldn't claim this to be my favorite but def top 3 in Philadelphia. I was fortunate to work around the corner from this joint. I never had a bad experience and was always content with my order. A must try.Joe's is a Philly institution (at least for the Center City office crowd).   The pizza, conveniently sold by the slice, is reliably decent.   Because they rewarm the slices in the pizza oven, you are unlikely to end up with a soggy mess (and who wants pizza sauce on their office duds).
Joe's pizza is relatively thin-crusted and the sauce-cheese-crust ratio is o.k.   I prefer a more flavorful sauce and less cheese.   Indeed, the generous quantity of cheese produces the dreaded "oil slick" on the top of a slice (which must be sopped up with napkins).    For decent, quick, cheap eats, Joe's is a fine choice.Pros: Really Tasty. Fast, pleasant service that came up to my high-rise apartment instead of calling me when they were downstairs- the reason for the 4th star.
Cons: Way more bready than I like for a "thin" crust pizza. I couldn't eat the crusts and I am not one of *those* girls. The ratio of bread to cheese and sauce was just off.
In fairness I like my thin crust really thin, this place has a solid pizza. I'm sure that on the run, by the slice, is the way to go.Unsanitary. The guy working the checkout and handling money and credit cards is the same guy that made my salad with his bare hands. I'm disgusted.I live across the street from this place and called in an order for pick up. He told me it would be ready in 30 minutes. I came 35 minutes later and the dude didn't even put my pizza in the oven yet. I typically go for their buffalo which is good. My girlfriend got the vegetarian and it was STACKED with veggies. She said it might be the best veggie pizza she's ever had. All in all, the pizza is pretty good, the service is pretty meh.Nice staff 
Restaurant clean 
Owner on premises 
Pizza was decent and fresh 
Tomato sauce had nice flavorTry the ravioli pizza - it is terrific; but all of the pizzas are wonderful.
Joe's has a great-tasting crust (not thin - I hate thin pizza crust) and the sauce is really, really good.  Don't let the line discourage you, it moves pretty quickly. Be sure to look at all the pizzas in the window while you're waiting in line.  It makes the line go faster, and you get your pizza sooner.  Tables upstairs also.
People - don't eat this with a fork.  It's pizza!
Be sure to become a regular; everyone at Joe's will know you, and remember what you, which makes your order come out even faster.Great pizza - I love the spinach and tomato.  The problem with this place is that the staff is rude, especially if you are not sure what to order (they've earned their nickname of the Pizza Nazis) and at lunch the line is outside.The slice was okay but the employees working there the night I went in would not put down their phones for anything.  There were literally people waiting to order and the girl has her phone in her hands and is sending something to the guy who is standing two feet from her saying "you have to see this!".  
No, you have to be taking orders and making pizzas.  Show him your stupid phone later.   It's just not great customer service to have people waiting to place an order while you're standing there with your eyes glued to your phone, laughing at whatever you're seeing while you ignore the customers.
If they could put down their phones, this would be at least three stars.Great pizza by the slice. Crust nice and thin,crispy,excellent sauce.Usually get the plain. Always love it; except when I get a small slice.Hard to walk by with out stopping in!Joe's Pizza is the bomb!  I probably go there a few times a month.  The eggplant pizza is to die for, the Sicilian is great too.  they just added a few trendier selections; Goat cheese and arugula,  or fresh mozzarelle with truffle oil!  Imagine that!  The place is often pretty busy.  In the warm months there is a line out the door.  But the gusy are pretty quick and you get your slice hot and delicious in under 5 minutes.  
Joe's gets my choice for best of Philly.A good slice goes a long way with friendly people, using fresh ingredients? With ice cream or any other treats of a Italian nature!.!.‍I would rather spend $3.75 on a cup of one-off coffee at Starbucks than on mediocre pizza. At least it is more plausible that the coffee Starbucks procured is limited and so that can be factored into the price a bit. The ingredients for an average-sized slice of pizza with sauce and fresh mozzarella do not amount to what it costs here. The dough can be improved; it does not have much taste.Nothing too special here.  Just simple downtown pizza.  
The problem lies with line management and as a result, you get lines out the door and onto the sidewalk.  After you order, you just awkwardly get in the way until your slice comes out of the oven.  This also leads to confusion.  
Considering this, I have no idea why people stand outside waiting when there's a half a dozen places just as good within a block or two.Because of how close I live to Joe's, I frequent this establishment often. It has some cheap slices starting at $2.75 for a piece of cheese pizza which is ever so enticing for those who are hungry and on a budget, like myself. 
It's got a good balance between "just greasy enough to cure a hangover" but "not greasy enough to clog your arteries". Joe's cheese slices have saved my life on more than one occasion and I highly recommend them and their magical healing powers. 
I really think Joe's should consider extending their hours of operation. I believe that they would make a considerable amount of money if they were open late night at least during the weekends given their proximity to bars like Ladder, Happy Rooster, and Club Pulse.  Drunk people love to drunk eat and I can speak from experience when I say I unintentionally spend a great deal once the liquor has dulled my senses and loosened my purse strings. 
Though I love their pizza, I made the unfortunate decision to get an order of sweet potato fries which were practically inedible. They were soggy, cold, and didn't taste like very much. I was pretty disappointed. But other than that, I have a soft spot for Joe's and give it 4/5 stars.Best pizza in the area! The buffalo chicken pizza is awesome!! The only downside is that the hours are not great and they generally close early, even on weekends.I have been to Joes over quite a lot a few years ago before our office moved. Went there recently and pizza is highest priced in the city for the size of the slice. Worse yet is that it has no flavor. Im pretty sure they reheated a very old pizza to boot. NEVER going back here as there are so many great pizzerias in center city.One of the best pizza around the city. The slices are big and tasty. They have a variety of toppings to choose from meat to vegetarian.I stopped in for a quick bite to eat and ordered a slice of pepperoni and pineapple pizza.  I was impressed they had that as a premade option-it is one of my favorite combinations yet seems kind of rare and I was pretty excited to eat it.  When I got the pizza it was not very warm but very overcooked.  The crust was practically hard as a rock.  I wasn't a fan of their sauce either.  Not that it was bad perse but there was just nothing remarkable about it.  I don't know if some people like rock hard crusts but I don't and probably would not go back to Joe's after this experience.The only place I go to get a slice of pizza when I'm in the city!    I've been a loyal customer and I've never been disappointed when it comes to pizza or cheesesteaks for that matter.The pizza here is mediocre at best, though to be fair there isn't much else to choose from in Rittenhouse. The crust is wayyy too tough and chewy, making my jaw hurt by the time I finish a slice. I truly don't understand the positive reviews for their pizza. 
The cheesesteaks, fine but not great, used to be a really good value and I ate them often. However, with a relatively recent price increase, they no longer are. I won't be back any time soon.Consistently good (the 3 cheese is my favorite, though I'll get the spinach and tomato if I want to feel healthier), fast (the hoagies take a lot longer than throwing a slice or two into the oven), and cheap. Not particularly friendly, but they let my friends use a card even though they hadn't reached the minimum limit. The fries are mediocre at best, so just get another slice instead. Their bottled drink selection is decent, and they have fountain sodas as well.
One tip: go before noon on a weekday. Around 12:05, the line starts getting crazy, but if you can slip in before then, you should be OK. I always go around 11:15 (early lunch and planning period) and there's never a line. It starts getting calm again around 1PM."Bar none, the most consistent slice of pizza in the city - hence, the long lines during lunch. Personally, I'm rather dedicated to one, specific slice, the unparalleled splendor of four cheese."I used to eat at Joe's for lunch years ago when I worked in the city and recall how the line went down the street, with good reason. The pizza was always fresh and never disappointed. 
Today, we stopped at Joe's for lunch while visiting the city. It was super early (11:20 am but it's always a good time for pizza, right?) and we were excited that we would enjoy a couple slices of Joe's pizza for old time's sake. 
While trying to determine which slices we were going to order, a woman rushed us to make a decision. There was no one else in line aside from us. The pizzas all looked a day or so old - cheese was hard, random slices on the counters looked dry. When we asked for the slices we wanted, a gentleman pulls slices from a shelf that was underneath the pizzas that were on the counter. These pizzas looked cold, like they had come out the fridge. We said those were not the slices we chose and didn't look fresh. The woman who was serving us angrily replied, "All of our pizza is fresh!" I was not going to argue a point we could not resolve, but clearly they were not. So kindly we opted for the pizza that recently came out the oven. We were overcharged - they included the pizza they threw in the oven from the bottom shelf plus the fresh pizza. When we asked for a receipt, by that time a couple other customers came in and to avoid further conversation the woman reimbursed us $3.00. 
Bottom line, Joe's is not how I remember. Pizza was not the same. Customer service was poor. Maybe I should have just kept the memory I had and kept it moving.Horrible disgusting dried out cardboard pizza. With so many great pizza places in center city, why go to a place that treats you like crap and serves nasty pizza. Do yourself AA favor and Avoid this hole in the wall. And they are mean to you. Ugh, I felt so bad serving this crap pizza to my clients. And it's expensive. Avoid. Avoid. Avoid.I had a slice of sausage and a slice of pepperoni and even with... parmesan, oregano, garlic salt, and chili peppers sprinkled on it was still BLAND! Crispy, powdery on the bottom and bland. It was recreational pizza. You'd eat it if you were bored, but didn't really have a taste for pizza. Looks can be deceiving. It looked good. I should've known something was up when I couldn't smell it. (I'm not sick)
I do like the location and the painted on ambiance is better than some of the other painted on ambiance pizza stores in the area. I also found it strange that there's no visible menu on the wall or glass. I had to ask for one. Maybe they have good steaks?Good things about Joe's:
- Organized service system (great for the lunch rush)
- Cheap pizza
Not-so-good things about Joe's:
- Pizza is average to below average
- Servers are hot/cold -- never know if they'll be friendly or snappy with you, though they're not really meanJoe's is the best NY Style pizza I've had to date in Philadelphia.  They have a variety of different slices and the stuff is made on the spot.  I've had some terrible crap pizza so far living in Philly and Joe's is where I take my friends when they want a good slice.
Make sure to ask for the pizza well done or extra hot, they tend to pull it out of the oven too quickly.
The margarita slice is the best one.Sad.   Nothing special about their pizza.   The big kicker is that they close so early even on weekend nights.   Located in the heart of downtown and Rittenhouse they should be ashamed that they close so early.  Pathetic. 
Also a bit pricey for their lack luster pizza slices.I am a fan of Joe's. It's a hot lunch spot that is, fortunately, less than a block from my office. The slices are big enough and reasonably priced. $2.50 for a decent sized chopped tomato slice. My absolute favorite. And if you're in the mood, you can drop an extra dollar for mozzarella. I also like the garlic powder sitting out on the tables. I like to get a slice, turn on the Adam Carolla Podcast, and eat in peace by myself. This is one of my favorite lunch activities. Joe's is also great in the few days leading up to pay day when you're really scraping the bottom of your checking account. Take out $15 in cash and you're set on lunch for the week, my friend.Pizza on the go? Grab some Joe's!
I was doing some heavy duty shopping on saturday and needed to restock on calories half way through. I stopped by Joe's to grab a slice of plan mushroom pizza and was in heaven. The crust is thin and crispy...perfect amt of cheese and sauce. Snack city.Went in here for a bite Sunday afternoon- we had the spinach and tomato slice and the barbecue slice. The pizza was strictly okay. I liked the crust. It was well made. I've heard a lot from people that is the one of the oldest and best places to get a slice in center-city. At $4 a slice, I wasn't too impressed. What i did really like about them was the service and the people there. Nice, friendly always with a smile.Four stars based on plain pizza only (I've never ordered anything else). This is a solid, traditional slice, nothing more. The crust is made fresh, not frozen. It is thin and chewey. The sauce and cheese are unassuming...neither devine nor disgusting. The ratio of the three components is perfectly balanced. The dining area is always clean and there are condiments on every table. There is some really bad pizza out there, folks. You're safe at Joe's.The pizza is OK. The crust is awful. And the guy behind the counter is an absolute handjob. Other then that it was great.This has long been a favorite of mine, but the pizza world is tough, highly competitive, and expanding all the time here in Pizzadelphia, and I'm afraid they've dropped to 4 stars - meaning that I would rank them in 4th or possibly 5th place in my mental list of pizzerias in town. I think their crust used to be better, thinner, with a better texture, but perhaps I imagine that. I do think that there's a risk of getting a slice that has been sitting on the counter for too long (although they do do a very brisk business). Some of their pizzas seem "over-topped" although they do hold back on topping some of them - there's a tastefully done spinach pizza. But as my Deputy Yelper proclaimed on our most recent visit (this Deputy Yelper likes her pizza by the slice COLD): "The cold pizza is excellent, the cheese and tomato mix together, when you bite in, the juice comes out, it tastes like heaven."Try to find a better Tomato Pie in the city. I dare you. Absolutely delicious.I travel quite a bit for work and always ask for local food suggestions when I'm in new cities. Well, Philly citizens, thank you for recommending Joe's. Best non-Chicago pizza I've had in long, long time! Still doesn't lessen this Chicagoan's animosity toward the Flyers, though.I've passed Joe's hundreds, maybe thousands, of times and always wondered how the pizza tasted. This time, I stopped in to finally find out. 
Firstly, the pizza is really good...not amazing, but solid. I ordered a slice of the pizza pie (top crust) with pepperoni, sausage, sauce and cheese inside. It was hot, the cheese was gooey, and 1 slice filled me up for hours. 
HOWEVER, the service here was lacking. The man behind the counter scowled at me for not knowing what I wanted to order (there was NO ONE behind me in line). That was off-putting, but I was hungry so I let it slide. Once I ordered, people came from outta nowhere and made the once comfortable standing space quite cramped and awkward. They have a nice sized dining area, but the area where you order needs a complete overhaul. (Side note: the average American woman is a size 8-10, not a 2-4...especially not if they're eating pizza on a regular. Make room!!)
Lastly, I paid with a card. I was told it was a $5 min, so I "needed" to add a drink, to which I obliged. Then he just stares at me, as if (by telepathy, I suppose) I know what fountain drinks they have (fountain was not labeled!)...He makes the drink then hands my card to the guy next to him and he says to me "move over"...smh...I paid and got the heck out of there before I changed my entire mind or gave them a piece of said mind. 
2nd star only for the pizza, because the service is beyond terrible!Clean, convenient, fast, tasty, and reasonably priced.  What else do you want from a pizza joint.  I stumbled across this place walking down 16th and saw a flood of people going in.  Let's face it, Philly is not strong in the pizza by the slice department.  Most of them are horrible.  But this place had a throng of folks going in so I followed.  It is one of the better slice places I have eaten at in Philly.  They also serve grinders and fries and maybe even pasta though I didn't see it. 
The ordering is super efficient.  The place is busy at lunch but no one is waiting for long.  I was there for a total of 20 minutes from 12:10 to 12:20 (from ordering to finishing my meal) and counted 28 customers being served during that time.  I didn't see anyone waiting for a table or waiting long for their food.
The only reason I don't give it five stars is that though it's the best pizza by the slice I've had in Philly, it's not world class.  Something to strive for.Pizza looked like it'd been sitting out for hours. Cheesesteak was not very good.
Why does my review need to be longer than two sentences.The pizza and diet soda were good as the tables are large as well as clean plus there is 
oregano for some people who want extra -- not me. The restaurant offers extra part skim mozzarella on slices which is great and are very kind men who speak Spanish as well as English. Also, the bathroom is clean and great for all sexes. 
Plastic utensils are out for use. In addition, I ate a cheese steak there that was very juicy and satisfying as well as a wonderful caesar chicken salad -- I don't like hot spicy on the salad so I ignored a pepper or something. It is affordable. THEY TAKE CASH AND CREDIT CARDS. It is close to hotels in Philly as well as shopping. Seriously, they deliver to hotels if it is near and you ask. This solves a holiday problem so tip well if they do.
Believe it or not, some major cities or towns in CT won't let customers buy a slice so hail Joe's for understanding that sometimes less is more or you can choose more after eating a slice.
Joe's was suggested by someone who lived in Philly to me because of not wanting a formal dinner or a whole pie and that is delightful.Best pizza ever!  Have lunch there every time I am in town.  Service is fast and courteous.Joe's is by far the best pizza slice restaurant in the city for lunch.  Awesome selection of toppings - but also has a great plain slice.  My only complaint is depending on when you get there the pizza may have been sitting around for a while.Made the mistake of popping in for a slice before getting on the bus.  I finally ordered a sausage Sicilian slice after 3 different people cut in front of me in line.  There is no order in the front of the store and the staff can't handle the chaos.  Not sure why it's always so crowded considering there's not much to get excited about.
My pizza was flat out, not good.  It wasn't hot and the sausage tasted like the sausage on a frozen pizza.  $3.75 for a little square piece of cardboard seems steep to me.  Lorenzo's is without a doubt, the best pizza in the city.  Joe's doesn't even come close.Low quality dough, sauce and cheese.  Price is high.One of the best pizza I've had anywhere.
 Crust was thin and crispy. I really really enjoyed every bite of my cheese slice. 
 Their cheese steak is really good, too, but not my favorite.
 Try their wholewheat crust with white truffle oil. Tastes so amazing that you will forget that you are on diet. ( I did!)this is close to work for me and I stop by for a cheese steak once or twice a month. They are not the best in the city but for $6 its the best deal in town. Have not tried the Pizza but hear its good.Sad that I've walked past Joe's so many times without popping in until now. I'm a Jersey girl at heart who loves a good slice of pizza and I'm glad to have found just that here! Stopped in around 5:30 on a Tuesday and got service right away. There were definitely a lot of people coming in and out as I sat, ate, and people watched. I got a broccoli abd ricotta slice that was just right. Just the right amount of crisp and not too hot that it burned my mouth. My favorite part was the crust, which reminded me of warmed Italian bread from the bakery. So delish!
TVs, free wifi, delivery, open late .
This pizza loving Jersey girl will definitely be back!Joe's buffalo chicken pizza is simply perfection. It's my go-to whenever I'm craving a good pizza and it never lets me down. It's actually incredible. And the workers are always friendly too.Average.
Came here for two quick slices. Ordering was a bit hectic- there is no line and you have to awkwardly stand on the side. Also, the guy behind the counter with the fake accent was exceptionally annoying. My pizza arrived quickly though, so my daydreaming of making one of my slices airborne in the direction of his face was short lived. 
I got the regular pie (thick slice) and meat lovers with sausage and pepperoni. Both were lacking a crunch on the bottom, were greasy, had tomato sauce that was wayyy over seasoned...but overall, and despite being exceptionally picky, they weren't too bad. I'd have some again if someone else were paying.I love the pizza here , my favorite is the sicilian style even tho they dont always have it! Love the veggy pizza too and canoli! 
Buonissimo!!Best pizza in the city....hands down.  
It gets packed, the staff isn't super friendly and there sometimes isn't a place to sit but suck all that up and go there if you haven't already.  
It is cheap and delicious and while I haven't had anything other than pizza from Joe's in the 10+ years I have been going there, I am sure their other offerings are just as good. 
Go. Now. Eat.It fascinates me that people complain about the price of pizza.  Lord, what do you want it free?  I love this pizza.  I got the spinach and tomato.  I got a whole pizza.  It was a bit of a mistake because I ate for 3 days afterwards and gave some away.  In short, it's worth every dime.  I found the people to polite and efficient too.  In fact, maybe I'll have pizza for dinner tomorrow.Took 12 high school students from Chicago (we know our pizza) to get cheesesteaks and pizza. This was the cheapest dinner we had in the city. They had different types of pizza available just like the shops in Chicago. The cheesesteaks were huge. The cheese fries with the steak fries were good. 
The Polish men running the shop took care of us.
The only this is that they close early. However, they stayed open to help with the Xmas bar crawl that came in a few minutes behind us.Had this pizza on several occasions.  Always good and plentiful toppings, slices are large, and this place is ALWAYS busy it seems.
On the downside, I find that the pizza is extremely salty, and sometimes the pepperoni slices are not so kind to my stomach.
The counter area is small, and since it's always crowded, you sometimes feel you get the short shrift on customer service.  A little expensive, too.  I believe about $16 for a large plain pie.