Juno is a VIBE. The atmosphere was incredible and I would have loved to hang out all day if it weren't for the time limit placed on tables. Juno exclusively offers outdoor dining on their fenced in, not-middle-of-the-sidewalk patio with colorful chairs, string lights, and plants on plants on plants to create a fun, Instagram-able environment. 
We managed to snag a 12:30 brunch reservation the day prior and were seated immediately on arrival even though we wound up checking in early. Our table was well distance from the others around us, hand sanitizer was available, and all staff was appropriately masked. Our waitress greeted us promptly and our food was brought within a reasonable timeframe, though they bring it out as it's ready so BF got his meal a good 5 min before I got mine, which was a little awkward.
The food is just okay --- if it weren't for the atmosphere, I'd bump it down a star or two. We started with flavored margaritas, which are quite obviously their regular lime margaritas with a shot of flavored syrup because our syrup had settled to the bottom of the glasses. Once mixed together, they were pretty good but nothing extraordinary. 
We started with the guacamole and chips, which were fine. Our guac had a few brown spots, but tasted fresh but a little bland -- needed some extra salt or lime. 
BF ordered the al pastor tacos which were delicious though a bit salty. I chose the roasted vegetable tacos, which had eggplant, corn, peppers, and other mixed veggies with an avocado crema. My tacos were just okay and honestly I probably could have made something similar at home. Next time, I'll order something that I can't easily make on my own.
All in all, I'd go back again just to sit in the pretty garden with fun music and a colorful drink.The margaritas were tasty, but small. The food was ok, but kind of overpriced for tacos and the size of the appetizers. The music at the outdoor seating wasn't Latin at all. Overall, it's a nice ambience, but not the greatest Mexican food in Philly.Arrived for our reservation to half of our party already there with drinks. The waiter didn't return for 40 minutes and when we mentioned how long it had been, he stated he was "in a meeting". On a Friday night during dinner service? The restaurant was half empty so I can't say it was bc he was super busy. The food was fine, drinks were weak. While signing checks, a staff member came over and told us we had "gone over our allotted time" and needed to leave. We were only there so long bc of terrible service!I had the most amazing experience here. I came here late and was still able to be accommodated. Kate was our server and she ensured that we were well taken care of. Me and my group never had an empty glass of water and every time that we needed a drink, Kate was right there to take our order.  I will be sure to come to Juno so long as Kate is serving me. 10/10I have been dying to go here and finally made it last night. I was not surprised how packed it was due to the awesome atmosphere. Everyone was seated and masks were required if you are not seated. We got the lime and blood orange margaritas they were so tasty and fresh. We also got the chips and salsa to start, pretty good! For my meal I got the cortada salad with grilled chicken and it was SO GOOD. I am ordering take out again tonight to get the same thing. Wish I took pictures sorry but just take my word.
One thing that was strange was they told us our time was up after an hour and a half and we had to leave. They also charge a liquor tax which I've never noticed on a bill? Additionally, if you a make a reservation and cancel with late notice you are charged per person.I heard about this place from two different friends who were both raving about it. When I googled, it turns out that Juno is barely two blocks away from my apartment! My friend and I decided we wanted to try their weekend brunch and booked a reservation for 11am the next morning.
We were seated immediately and had Caitlin as our server, who was attentive, bubbly, and all around pleasant. We split the Tres Leche French Toast and the Chilaquiles and had a few mimosas. Everything was delicious and our service was incredibly fast; from the time we sat down to when the french toast landed on our table was maybe 20 minutes. Keep in mind if you aren't splitting entrees- the food comes out as it's ready! There was only a pause of a couple of minutes before the chilaquiles were out, though.
All of the staff were wearing masks and the tables were spaced out for safety purposes. It's currently reservation only, but it was easy enough to book online the night before. Since we were a party of 2, we had 90 minutes at our table. Our server politely gave us a 30 minute heads up before we would have to leave- which gave us plenty of time to finish our drinks and get ready to leave. I'm looking forward to coming here for drinks and dinner later!We had a lovely dinner at Juno tonight! The atmosphere was really welcoming and bright and it felt nice to sit outside and eat. Everyone was wearing masks and the tables were distanced from one another. The waitress also went over the restaurant's safety protocols when we were first seated. The food was excellent. We had nachos and added chorizo on top. My boyfriend and I wanted to split tacos and we ordered three orders. The tacos were small but after the nachos we had to take a whole order home. The asada and carnitas tacos were great and we took the chicken tinga tacos home. I was very excited to see that they had frozen drinks but my froze was on the strong and sour side. It was still good but not necessarily as sweet as I thought it would be. All in all, it was a great meal and I definitely plan on coming back!The vibes and atmosphere in this place are AWESOME. We did have to make a reservation about a week in advance for a Monday evening because it had just opened and was pretty crowded. 
The carne asada tacos were delicious, but the portion wasn't huge. We went for dinner, and most of the main dishes weren't very filling. I would definitely come again and probably order one of the sandwiches! I've heard good things and they are bigger portions. 
This is a great spot for a summer outdoor dining place. I would definitely come here again.This place is an absolute gem! From the outside you would've never known how fabulous the inside looks. The outdoor seating is spaced out so perfectly, you're able to feel comfortable socially distancing while eating. My server, Nicky (hopefully I'm spelling it correctly ) was a doll. Her personality made us love our experience, and she was so amazing in general. Big appreciation to Nicky!!Super cute open bar/restaurant on spring garden street. We made reservations through Resy. The Covid guidelines are strictly enforced. Masks when moving around and tables are 6 ft apart. Prepared food must be ordered with drinks. Their menu is quite extensive and delicious. We ordered the guacamole and asada tacos. 
Both were freshly prepared and delicious. Service was prompt and drinks were strong! They also have Prosecco on tap! Definitely a 2020 gem!The atmosphere and the music are nice in this place but that doesn't make it up for everything else drinks are very bad this is not joke; can't taste the alcohol in it and the flavor just bad ;  I thought they put hand sanitizer in my drink ; I usually don't do reviews but I think this needs to be said this place is charging for the atmosphere and vibe everything else is very bad including the service. In addition all cocktails come on draft you have to make a request if you want a cocktail handmade as it should be . Not coming back .This new gem is tucked away in spring garden. We came here the first weekend they opened and I was thoroughly surprised at how well they operated. The service was excellent and our food came out so quickly! They currently have a rule that parties of 2 may only dine for 90 minutes - that was plenty of time of us! 
We ordered a spicy jalapeño margarita on the rocks and it was delicious! Perfect for the hot summer day. The food was good, nothing spectacular. I ordered the verdura tacos and nachos to share. Both were above average but nothing spectacular. My fiancé really loved the pollo a la Parilla sandwich! 
Overall, we loved the ambiance of this location. The garden is beautiful and we felt completely safe dining here. They take the covid restrictions seriously and we loved that! One major downside, they are not dog friendly :((to the tune of "Getting Jiggy with It" by Will Smith)
On our way, gonna get Juno,
Dance floor? No, but great tunes though
Opened in Pandemic flow, this new joint hit
Outdoor sit
Opened in the city and that was it
Now spicy salsa outside
Take a big bite, all up in my insides
You gotta get a sandwich with a lotta stuff in it
Split it with your friend, it's a sin
On very nice days, 
You can't get a seat
Wish you booked on Resy, you'd be
Digging in, sweet
Here in this gorgeous seat
Try a taco right from Juno, you know
I just bite it
Not for the look - I really like it.
Wheelbarrow of beers roll over and I
Can't forget tequila for the guys
Yo, my love of this place is infinit
HAHA
Gotta love Juno all in it.
In the city, dig it.
Damn. that was a tough one. ALMOST as tough as getting a reservation on a nice night at Juno! This Spring Arts spot is ALL outdoor, and SO much fun. Great, island vibes. Cool music. Awesome vibes all around. 
During the summer, ANY time a friend asked where to dine outdoors, Juno was my first suggestion. It's like a little slice of paradise up on Spring Garden! Cool tasty drinks, awesome enormous sandwiches, only bummer is if it is bad weather.... but when it's nice, it's PERFECT!Great place and vibe to eat with friends or your significant other. Caroline the manager made accommodations for me and my friend and the servers were great and friendly.Delicious drinks, ok food, and great urban outdoor space for this very weird quarantine'in summer. Shared nachos, guacamole, chicken tacos and their plantain desserts which were all good. The highlight was our beverages- all well made, refreshing and pretty to look at.Food and drinks were HORRIBLE! I will never come back. I got the camarones tacos and they were bland. Absolutely no seasoning. Wasn't worth it.Juno has one of the cutest outdoor seating areas I have ever seen!  I went here a few times when it was Llamatooth and I don't remember the outdoor area being this fun and inviting.  I would totally go back just to sit at the bar and enjoy the atmosphere.  
Most of the food was okay tasting.  Nothing overwhelmed me to think I need to order it again - except maybe the guac.  Actually I thought the food it was  overpriced but I assume I am paying for the really great atmosphere.  The servers were super nice and mostly attentive to us.  The nachos looked pretty delicious so when I go back next time that will be what I order.Outdoor seating and very good ambiance! Delicious food and very friendly service. Great for brunch!Found this new spot to try for brunch on a Saturday afternoon. Wonderful outdoor setup with a DJ in the back and bustling wait staff. Surprisingly no wait as we were able to get a table for two.
To start off, decided on the Guacamole ($12) to share to go along with one of their craft beers in can ($6). Food comes within a few minutes - a chunky bowl of guac served along a warm basket of chips. A little bit too salty for my liking; could have also used more spice. For the main meal, ordered the Torta de Pastor ($13), a hefty sandwich with layerings of meat veggies and cheese served with thick fries. Again, same issues, both the meat on the sandwich and the fries were overly salty. Since it was so large, had to pack half to go 
Really like the ambiance here and the staff is super friendly. Unfortunately the food was too salty for our taste.LOVE Juno. Great vibe, friendly staff, delicious food and Amanda makes the BEST spicy marg. Must try if in Philly!Great place for outdoor dinning, awesome set up. Food was delicious, recommend the al pastor torta! Drinks were not as good, book a reservation ahead of time as this place is always booked.Juno is a fantastic place. Sooooo good and well priced. When I saw the menu I wanted to order every single thing, I went for Pollo a La Parilla and it was extremely tasty. Staff are incredibly welcoming. They're accommodating, respectful and always on their game. I definitely recommend this place and will be back.Love this place! Kate was so great helping us get a table last minute. Food was great, DJ was amazing! Definitely coming back. Love it here!It was my first try at Junos. I was looking forward to it. I was greeted at the door by a young lady who tried to convince me that I needed a reservation to sit in what I counted were 5 tables for two, which were unoccupied. There were a number of other table configurations also available. I arrived at 6 pm. She again tried to convince me that I could be seated by 9:45 pm. I kid you not. Then she suggested the benches outside the restaurant on the street. I conceded reluctantly. The service was excellent and food was outstanding. I dropped a star in my review because I do not like being hoodwinked by someone who thinks I'm dumb. The same 5 tables were still available when I got up to leave. I did not complain. An otherwise very pleasant experience (service, food) was ruined because they could not seat a single person. Please change the policy and I will withdraw the review. It's only fair. Two text messages were posted from the restaurant during my visit asking if I wanted to make a reservation. Not sure why?I'm glad to finally been to able to try Juno! I follow its Instagram page and I was so curious to try it!
We been there for dinner last Saturday. We booked with Resy a table for two at 7.30pm in the heated tent. We arrived a little bit ahead and the waitress was super nice and she's been able to find a table for us. 
We started with the fresh made guacamole and corn tortillas. For drink we ordered the frozen mango margaritas and a Tencate beer.
For main course we took Al Pastor Tacos and Chicken enchiladas with Mole Sauce.
Everything was perfect! And I highly recommend this place!Ambiance - this place felt really good. The music wasn't overpowering and there was a DJ playing all of the right songs! It's very vibrant, I love that they incorporated murals!
Food - I got guac and asada tacos. I wasn't too satisfied with the flavoring of the meat in tacos, it was very bland. The guac was pretty good, I had to add a little salt and lime from my marg to give it what I was looking for. My friend got the carnita tacos, they thought it was seasoned well and flavorful. 
Drinks- I tried almost all of the margaritas in one sitting. Although I wasn't driving it says a lot that I remember getting home. My ranking order is blueberry (yummalicious, although there wasn't a blueberry in sight), basil (oddly refreshing), traditional (can't go wrong with this one!), blood orange (it was pink...lol), strawberry (very sour, didn't really taste the strawberry flavor). There was an elderflower drink that looked mighty scrumptious, but I didn't get a chance to order it. 
Location- ample street parking and not too far from the L!
Service- my server was very attentive and other staff filled in whenever was needed. My utensils and cup had old food on it and they were very apologetic and ensured my satisfaction. Although we placed a reservation the system made it seem as if they were booked, it was empty for the most part. 
Overall, it is a cute date spot or even to grab drinks with friends. It lost a star for cleanliness, drinks that don't pick a punch, and food flavor. I would return - especially if they bring in a happy hour!This place is so stinking cute inside with the trees and plants all around.  The spicy margarita and some drink with a flower were smooth and strong, just what I like.  The tacos look small, but have a decent amount of meat.  The nachos were served hot and you have to purchase  the 3 types of sauces for dipping.  4 stars because I felt like they were rushing us. A party of two has a 90 minutes to eat.  We were finished in about 45 min.  Also, the table was extremely small, so we had to keep shifting everything around to fit.I visited Juno on a warm summer evening. We had a reservation so wait time wasn't an issue. My friend and I were promptly seated and our table was distanced a bit from others which felt safe. We went on a weeknight though so I am not sure if weekend crowds make distancing more difficult.
Our waitress was prompt and checked in often. Wait time for food was pretty minimal.
The food and drink menu is pretty long...longer than what you sometimes find at small city spots. They had a good variety of options including for vegetarians. Prices are about average for the city. Don't expect to eat here for under about $40-$50 a person, including a drink or two. 
My food and drinks were pretty good. Nothing super amazing to rave about but good, and I certainly was not disappointed. I would come back, if not for the food, for the ambience and vibe which was lovely!If you are hungry, do not go to this place. If you are expecting good food do not go to this place. The only cool thing about this place is the look of it. Do not go on a hot day they will have all the fans fully blasting (asked waiter to turn down the fan and he could not) I could barely hear anything it was so loud and windy from the fans. I drank 4 margaritas and didn't even feel a buzz the drinks were super weak and the food was horrible. The chicken was not fully cooked in my tacos I asked the waiter to take them back and he came back with the same tacos on the same plate. My friend ordered shrimp tacos and there was 1 shrimp cut in half on each taco. Our bill was outrageous and we left hungry, not drunk and our lashes hanging on by a thread due to the fans being so powerful. Do not go unless you are going to take a pic for Instagram because that's what this restaurant is for. Looks way cooler than it actually is.Loved our lunch at Juno! We were seated right away (you have to make a reservation) and felt extremely comfortable from start to finish.  The drinks were incredible and the food was super delish! The whole ambiance is incredible.  Can't wait to come backI always crave me some Mexican food. This restaurant immediately caught my eye with their amazing outdoor seating.
Unfortunately, the weather rained on my parade the day we had planned to dine here. Being that majority of their seating was outside, we had to resort to their bar area. The staff were super nice and respectful here. I love how they left us some privacy and didn't stay around the bar at all times. 
We ordered the Burrito de Desayuno with Steak add-on ($16), Asada Tacos ($12) and Al Pastor Tacos ($11). The tacos were scrumptious! I was caught off guard by the spiciness of the Carne Asada tacos (there's peppers!), but the AL PASTOR! So so good. They gave fatty pieces, and included pineapples. The pineapples really take the icing on the cake in making these tacos taste so good. Salty with a slight tangy sweetness made me wish I ordered two of these. 
We were unfortunately not a fan of the Burrito de Desayuno. It was not a dish I tried before. I guess I didn't read into it, so I was surprised to see a smothered wet burrito. Yeah, I think I like my burritos dry. With the beans and eggs, I taste the "desayuno" aspect of it, and it tasted very hearty and healthy. There weren't many meat pieces and if there were, they were really tiny. 
Overall, I would love to come back for their beautiful outdoor seating! Highly recommend checking out.I wasn't really expecting too much since I heard it's the same owner as the Morgan's pier. But.... It was one of the best Nachos I had in my life! It's not those cheap nachos you are used to. It's really crispy, flavorful and the beef ... so moist and tasty! And the margaritas were amazing. The outdoor seatings were nice and cute. I guess if I have to say one thing, it's outdoor, so try to go on a day which isn't too Hot!This is what I would call a 'rona 3 star, or pre-'rona 2 star. Our service was friendly but poor, and the food was scamp and overpriced. 
I think we're all desperate for some social, dining interaction and Juno provides a relatively safe space to do so. The backs of each chair to the next party's table is roughly 4-6 feet apart depending on which table(s). 
To start off our night, all of our waters had black floaters in them, and a few bugs. We had asked for a new set of waters for all of us, which our server had forgotten; But even after reminding a second time, she had brought one full glass of water.. for one of us. We had to further clarify and ask her for water awkwardly again, when she placed that one glass of water in front of us. Throughout the night, it was constant interactions like this. Another was when we had asked her for hot sauce, and she forgot until we prompted her again after coming back to our table to ask if we needed anything else. She was really friendly, great energy and always had a smile on her face - but was really quite a poor server
The drinks were roughly $10 average for most of the cocktails and frozen cocktails, beers were fairly priced around $6-7 for solid IPAs. The food was overpriced imo , 3 veggie tacos for $10 or shrimp for $14 but the tacos were tiny - single lined flour tortilla roughly the size of Loco Pez tacos but filled smaller. 
Overall we had a good time, mostly because of the company and just nice to be outside. I appreciate Juno for the addition to this area and to the outdoor Philly summer dining scene, but we probably won't be back.Juno was a spacious outdoor space decorated with plants and bright colors.  The DJ spinning for our Saturday brunch was fantastic with a great mix of funk and soul music; definitely a plus.  I ordered the Huevos Rancheros; the beans could have used a little more draining and some type of sour cream or crema would have elevated the meal.  Frose was ordered, of course, and only two of them got me nice and toasty.  Husband ordered the Torta De Pastor which left more to be desired (very one note) but the fries were delicious.  Service was quick and efficient all while keeping great social distancing standards.  This place is definitely a good summer hangout.  Get a resy beforehand and you'll have no trouble getting a seat!If I was only rating the ambiance of this place, I'd give it a 5. It was a very cool outdoor spot! However, it was advertised that the outdoor eating area was heated, and it was not. Or it was and the heat was just so minimal it did absolutely nothing. Had to eat with my gloves on! I mean I guess that's what I should expect when eating out in the middle of winter, but don't advertise heated outdoor seating when there's no heat.
Food was pretty good. Nachos were amazing, and tacos were good. They weren't the best tacos ever, but they did the job and left me satisfied.
Also, the classic margaritas were great. We went during happy hour by mistake, and they were only $5 each (compared to their usual $10). I have seen a lot of people on here complain there was hardly any alcohol in it, but let me tell ya, those two margaritas definitely did something to me.
Overall it was a neat place. I can't wait for summer to be able to go and actually enjoy the place without gloves and a coat on!My boyfriend and I went out for dinner and drinks before ending our date night, and we will not be back to this place nor recommend it. 
We ordered a frozen margarita and a Moscow mule. We didn't watch the bartender mix the mule, but we saw them serve the frozen Margarita and it was a premade drink that they just poured out of the tap and mixed with the premade frozen mix. I imagine the mule was made the same way. 
My boyfriend ordered the chicken sandwich and I ordered the shrimp tostada salad. I was celebrating the presentation of what I thought was someone's dip coming out, when I realized that it was my salad in a toasted tortilla bowl with the shrimp on the side. The shrimp had basic seasoning and there could've been more greens/lettuce for a $17 salad ($11 + $6 for the shrimp). My boyfriend's sandwich was the most disappointing. It was $11 for 85% bun, 15% flat/skinny chicken fillet with minimal seasoning. 
Overall we were disappointed with the food portions and authenticity. It was like an Applebee's of Mexican food. We would've given our feedback on the food in pero, but were never asked how everything was.Visited for the first time last night and had a pretty good experience! It's a nice spot for an outdoor meal, but I think I would only return for happy hour (need to try their brunch as well). As soon as you enter, security checks your ID and the hostess will explain the mask policy. Same rules, just wear it when you are walking to the restroom, leaving, etc. when we were seated, our waitress carded us again and the entire time she wasn't wearing a mask. It was nowhere in sight. There were a few other employees who were maskless so the policy makes no sense since it's not being enforced. We ordered margs on the rocks and they were so good! Strong and very tasty! The guacamole was addicting and came with a good amount. The corn tortilla chips were more like pita chips, which I didn't really like paired with the guacamole. We split the camarones and al pastor tacos. GET THE SHRIMP TACOS! So flavorful with a little sweetness to it. Unfortunately, we weren't the biggest fans of the al pastor. It was very dry and not tender whatsoever. You would think the added pineapples would give the tacos a little sweetness, but it didn't and was a bit bland. Size of the tacos weren't that big either. I would come back for the margs and shrimp tacosTerrible experience... I do not usually write bad reviews, but this was especially awful.
The service was terrible - very rude waitress (on top of the bad service, they mandated a 20% gratuity)
Not well catered to vegetarians at all... the vegetarian black beans have pork in them (which is not at all clear from the menu).
The location is also in a part of town that... isn't the best that Philly has to offer.
Skip Juno and take your business elsewhereGood food - We had the nachos as an appetizer and each ordered tacos: shrimp tacos, carnitas tacos and asada tacos. Everything was fresh and delicious. 
 Good drinks - frozen margarita, summatime, frozé, and blueberry margarita are all worth trying. We enjoyed them all. Our only complaint is that we wished the drinks were a little bigger. 
 Good service - We were seated right away. The safety protocols were explained to us as soon as we were seated. Our server was attentive without being pesky. Everything came out in a timely fashion and exactly how we ordered it. 
 Great atmosphere - As we entered the outdoor area, we could hear the music playing. It was at a great volume to still be able to hold a conversation without shouting and still get your jig on. The DJ did a great job! It's such a chill space...bright colors, hanging lights, and plants everywhere. It's a total summer time Philly vibe. 
Definitely looking forward to coming back again.This is a beautiful oasis on Spring Garden - ambiance and lighting perfect, live DJ playing just the right music to set a fun vibe, yummy sounding-cocktails. Great people watching! Go there for the atmosphere and to be seen! The service has a lot to be desired. Our waitress was totally aloof, food came out WAY too quickly even when she said she would space it out. Got a rude/flippant/ I don't give a SH*T response when we asked her about it. Cocktails were good but tiny and they put crushed ice in a straight whisky....what bartender does that?? Food was hit or miss depending on what you order and honestly they don't have anything that unusual and menu is small so they should be able to nail it. Elote/corn starter was beyond delicious but the chicken tacos were tasteless and the moisture quickly soaked through the tortilla so it fell apart. They don't double-tortilla here to avoid the seepage as I've seen in other taco places. Glad I went but not in a rush to go back again...maybe I would go and try a sandwich and a beer. Would certainly cost much less than tacos and cocktails!!!!Juno is a cool spot. I love the atmosphere, drinks and service. I took off a star because the food is OK. They had a queso fundido with chorizo last year that was delicious, but I recently ordered the steak fajitas and the steak was overcooked and hard to bite through. Other than that, it's worth a trip with a partner or group of friends.What an oasis in the middle of a pandemic. As soon as you walk in you shift into a feel-good mood, accompanied by great music. The food - AMAZING. The Elderflower and Summertime cocktails were my favs. I high recommend going with a few people so you try multiple items on the menu.
I recommend:
Carnitas tacos (super flavorful) 
Shrimp tacos
Chicken tinga 
Plantains w/o ice cream 
Street corn - comes off the cob (they use a lot of creme, I would just request just a little creme if possible)Not ready to admit summer is over? Juno is the answer! They've started to transition some of their decor and cocktails to welcome a fall-feeling, but the overall vibe is the perfect outdoor summer bar. 
The flavors of the Elder Cider were perfect for the transition into fall - warm spices reminiscent of this time of year and a floral note, so you don't cave to the fall flavors too quickly! Nachos are my guilty pleasure and there are 3 things that I look for in good nachos - thick, crispy chips that don't get overly soggy, good distribution of toppings, and flavor - these nachos hit all the marks! The only thing that would have made them better would be a drizzle of cheese sauce, because I admittedly like both melted cheese and cheese sauce on my nachos. The pork carnitas tacos were juicy and they did not skimp on the filling. Only downside is a single layer of the tortillas, which can lead to tacos that fall apart easily. 
While we enjoyed our time overall, at 6pm on a Thursday, they did have 2 kicked kegs from the short draft list offered, which was a little frustrating for the beer drinkers in our group. 
Pro tips: reservations are highly recommended - don't be late! You'll get a $10 fee tacked onto your resy. Have a crew of 4+? The Beerbarrow is the perfect solution to quench your thirst - 12 Miller High Life's and a bottle of infused tequila will be rolled out to your table. For $60 - this seems worth it, as drinks can add up quickly!Bold statement, but I think Juno has the best tacos in all of Philly. At least compared to other nicer taco places in Center City. Three tacos in each order, and they fill the tacos full of meat. Love the sauces that come with the tacos. Try the brisket tacos!
Covid-wise, Juno also has one of the best setups. They have two large heated tents with socially distant tables. The tents are heated with proper heated air blown in, and it really stays warm.Outdoor space is all the hype these days for a sense of normalcy and enjoyment amidst the uncertainties. Juno is the antidote to all of your needs for pretty outdoor vibes, mexican food and drinks.
Reservations were easy to make via Resy, highly recommend. My friend and I were seated immediately. They require masks unless seated at your table. The menu had affordable options and plenty for gluten sensitive and vegetarian needs. Our waitresses were friendly and easy to work with. 
We ordered the esquites which is so creamy, sweet and delicious.
My friend got the carnitas tacos - very tender and juicy. I got the al pastor which was very seasoned and yummy. 
We ended the night with the plaintains + dulce de leche. It hit the spot! I'd highly recommend it.
Overall a great experience but our own problem is the amount of flies and mosquitoes in the area. If they can find ways to control that, it'd be a 5 star experience.Friendly and fast service couldn't help save this review. The food was probably the worst food I've tasted at a restaurant. The guacamole was def made with some way past their prime avocados and the marinated chicken tacos must have been marinated in water as they lacked anything resembling flavor. Living in nyc I'm spoiled with great Mexican food whether it be at a fancy restaurant or food truck at 4 in the morning. This place should really take a step back and taste their food and I'm sure they can find a way to make things better (hint: salt and pepper)not worth a second chance on my next trip to philly.This is a very good place to dine during Covid because they are very conscientious about keeping you safe. Dining for two felt especially safe because we were able to sit in one of several glass enclosed pods, kind of like mini greenhouses, that kept us separate from others. The food was very good, but if you are hungry, don't get tacos. You get three, but they are small. Also, do not order the Maple Shade cocktail unless you like drinking maple syrup because that's exactly what it tasted like. Sickeningly sweet! My husband didn't particularly care for his margarita either, so maybe beer or wine is a better way to go if you're interested in an alcoholic beverage.The customer service was terrible and the food was worse. The host was just straight up mean and the guac came out in 10 sec and was obviously pre made and packaged :/ also can't decide if the drinks were at worse then the food or the service .....Mediocre food, drinks, and decor. Absolutely terrible service. 
Food was "good", but I've had way better Mexican. Not much flavor. Agreed with the comment about the drinks. My medium sized margarita probably had about an ounce of tequila in it. Kind of ridiculous.
Front desk and the assistant manager floating around the place were incredibly rude and aggressive to me and a guest, even with a reservation. This one women who worked out front and went off on us, literally snapped at us. She thought we were random bystanders even though we had a reservation that we were waiting for (because the restaurant wasn't prepared to seat us on time). 
Additional considerations- servings are small for the price and location (it's not ghetto, but it's not nice either). 
I'd give it a 3-4 for food, drink, and ambiance alone. But the staff was so nasty I'd never go back.
P.S. I also sent them an email about my experience, particularly the nasty assistant manager. Never heard back, so I have no remorse writing this type of review.First time here, haven't ate throughout the day they took us late with no booking. That is great particularly during this time, truly welcome that. Genuine great food! My worker was great his name was Keliq. An incredible person, extraordinary worker all around dealt with us. Never show signs of change brotha.I would have given this place a 5/5 had it not been for one of the servers. We went in on for brunch one weekend and for the most part had a great experience. Most of the service was great, the food was good, and the indoor dining was warm, safe, and convenient. However, near the end we got a new server (didn't get her name) who was extremely difficult. The initial server had told us that since it wasn't very busy, we could stay in for longer than the time restriction. We wanted to do another round of drinks, and still had some time left. I asked the second server and she said that the time restriction was rigid and inflexible, even when there is availability (which we saw). I then asked her if she could put the mimosa bucket on my bill, as I wanted to treat for the drinks. She told me that also was not possible, and was getting rude. I have never seen a restaurant say that one person could not cover the drinks for the group. The other servers were all really nice and friendly, and I'd go back for the food.Perhaps they were just trying to do their best getting by during Covid, but the service we experienced was beneath a restaurant. We had an hour and a half to eat in the private green house, and after 15 minutes of ordering they brought out the appetizers, entrees, and drinks simultaneously. The waitress kept on barging in to whisk away our plates as soon as we put our utensils down which was extremely annoying. In fact, the waitress came to take away our plates without asking when we were still eating and there was food still on the plate! 
I understand there was a 90min time limit, but when all was said and done not even an hour had been on the clock. Disappointing because the food was good.Service was great. Don't recommend coming here when its 90 degrees outside in the middle of the day you will shrivel up we foolishly decided to seat outdoors and not under tent option. Food was good. I love their guac and chips. Mimosas are always better when sharing with friends!I've been here many times before but this time I decided to try different margaritas and they were amazing! i got a spicy margarita and a pineapple margarita! the pineapple one was my favorite with a sugar rim!! i also got the al pastor tacos and the esquites which was amazing as an appetizer if you like corn!Esquites is just corn with heavy mayonnaise. 
 I've paid for better tacos on the street trucks in philly. 
I had the Summatime cocktail is it was terrible. No alcohol in it. Basically was a 11$ water. 
First and last time I'll come here. 
Oh. The service was wonderful. Food came quick and hostess was very accommodating. It's not their fault.I'm going to break this review into two sections.
Ambiance:
Love the ambiance and the set up! It really is the cutest outside taco bar! Lots of plants and colors and def instagrammable! 
Food:
The food was okay. They don't have vegan options other that salsa and guac. The guac was pretty good and i loved the fresh chips. 
The tacos were alright. I kinda got the vibe that they use the same grill to cook shrimp and chicken on because when i got my shrimp tacos, it tasted just like chicken. It threw me off. I'm a pescatarian! 
Another SUPER DISGUSTING thing was that there were LIP MARKS on our water glasses  that was so disgusting. The server was pretty nonchalant about it but I'm like hellllo Covid is here. Sanitize your dishes better. That really turned me off from wanting to return.I was super excited to go try this place near me but honestly winter isn't the time to go they advertise a heated tent which honestly was freezing had to wear gloves while eating super uncomfortable. We felt zero heat blowing anywhere. Maybe it's a nice spot for a drink in the spring/ summer but honestly the food was just ok. I'm a die hard Mexican food fan but everything tasted americanized we tried chicken tacos and asada(beef) tacos which had no real flavor.  The sauce provided tasted like a tomato sauce instead of a cilantro lime or spice factor which they usually go together.  The chicken had zero flavor if they get a better chef more qualified for Mexican flavors and really enhance the flavor of Mexican food it would be a great place I would take all my friends to but I've definitely got more authentic tacos elsewhere in Philly. Was wishing for a better experience since this place is near me and cute but that's my truth the food was better looking than it tasted.Cute cute place. COVID compliant with outside and indoor (heated tent) area for folks. Great pleasant servers. Double masked. Clean individual bathrooms. The food was meh. It comes out fast like everyone says. I literally got my appetizer and food within 5 minutes of each other. The scallop ceviche was delicious! And never ending. A lot of scallops. The guac wasn't anything special and the fajitas... idk maybe they could have seared the meat first. It was chewy and big hunks. The carnitas were ok. They were covered in raw onions and meat moist (thank goodness they marinated) but tbh, I wouldn't return. Not even for drinks-- had the Smokey margarita drink and it wasn't even liquory. Weak drinks, bland food.. it's a no for me.Bright and colorful outdoor space, great vibes, awesome food. This is a fantastic place to enjoy the nice weather close enough to just about everywhere around center city.Juno has a very cute outdoor set-up. It's like a little oasis in the middle of Spring Garden. I've passed the spot hundreds of times on my commute and didn't realize it was there. We got there right after a rain storm but the staff was quick to dry off the seats and table. Margaritas were good. Our group shared a number of tacos - all were tasty. We got the platanos fritos. We ordered two because usually desserts are small but not this. One order could have been shared by all 4 in our party.I love the vibes of this place. It's so pretty with the trees and lights in the evening time. The food was good but the drinks even better. The service was great as well.The food is good but the service sucks. I probably wouldn't go back because of the service. The bartender seemed dazed and confused and constantly got the order wrong. It's a shame because the decor is nice and the food was good but they need a new staff. 
Sidenote: order everything you want at once they will never check on youThe food was meh, limited options if you are vegan and didn't have an authentic taste. Staff was pleasant and once you get off spring garden it's some what of a refreshing atmosphere. If you don't have dietary restrictions you may enjoy this place at lot more than I did.My boyfriend and I love Mexican and we were so excited that Juno opened. We tried it out and we were not disappointed. The food was absolutely delicious on top of the margaritas - YUM! We got the shrimp tacos, the quesadilla, and the queso fundito with chorizo. The queso fundito was delicious, although I do wished there were some onions or scallions in it. The quesadilla was delicious, but a little heavy. The shrimp tacos were perfect! The margs were delicious and refreshing- highly recommend the blueberry marg!I have heard so much about Juno after its opening in the middle of the pandemic, and was super excited to check it out. 
First and foremost, the ambience here is incredible. Colorful decor, greenery, string lights; outdoor dining here is an experience just because of the ambience. The service left a little to be desired - just ordering our food elicited an eye roll from our server. 
The drinks were incredible! Had a couple of different margs, both the classic and blueberry were fantastic. The food was very reminiscent of Rosy's taco bar and some of the servers were wearing Rosy's shirts, which made me think that they are both run by the same owners? The tacos were pretty good, but nothing out of this world.
Would definitely return just for drinks and apps, and to enjoy the fantastic atmosphere with the setup here!I wish i could give this place more stars because the ambiance was pretty amazing, but the menu was so underwhelming i probably would not go back....at least for food anyway. When you walk in it really is pretty and welcoming and makes you want to hang out there. Our server was awesome very attentive and helpful. The food was ok, but there was not a lot to choose from and the prices were a bit high for what it was. We got the Nachos, Chicken tacos and veggie tacos. The Nachos were delicious but the tacos were pretty simple. I would say maybe it is more of a bar place but the drink menu was just meh nothing special. I had high hopes and would return if there were friends going but would not be the place i chose.Juno was amazing!!!! Just left with my girlfriends! Great service and really fast. The food and drinks were amazing. We will be back!!!We had a great time at Juno tonight. The food and drinks were great and we loved the atmosphere! The tables were all separated by more than 6 feet so we felt very safe. I will definitely be back and will be recommending it to others!!an absolute delight! got a reservation last minute, and this place did not disappoint! from the waiter nick, to the cocktails and tacos, it was incredible. the only issue i had was that you can only order 3 of the same type of taco, you can't get 3 different ones. other than that i highly recommendI'm so happy this place was open, and as they accept reservations, I was even happier to get a spot for happy hour. Ordered the frozen blueberry margarita and it was absolutely amazing, delicious but disappointing bcuz I was expecting some big margarita glass and especially being cooped up inside for all this time def wanted to have a massive drink lol. But regardless the food made up for it, what appeared to be a small portioned surprisingly was so filling and delicious. 
Atmosphere: aesthetically pleasing, nice large outdoor seating especially with how things are nowadays, great for small parties. 
Food: tiny tacos but filled with so much love, ordered the al pastor and chicken tacos, both were absolutely amazing but the al pastor def won the prize especially with the side of sauce brought along with it. As for appetizers, we got the scallop ceviche- tasted buttery and deliciously fresh and a side of salsa and chips, I've gotta say.... if u don't deep fry ur chips to be puffed up and crispy like they do here... then it's not worth it. The salsa was also soooo good! 
Def recommend coming here but make reservations early!!Cute outdoor space that opened in recent months (a feat in and of itself considering 2020), with social distancing and safety precautions implemented. Reservations are required and tables are decently spaced apart as you might expect during covid era. 
It was an excellent space to celebrate a dear friend's birthday! The lights and decor were cute and cozy, even after the sun set - all in all, great ambiance and vibe. We generally really enjoyed the tacos and nachos, and prices are ok. We also definitely appreciated that they allowed us to bring in a cake for the birthday girl without a fee so we could enjoy a full celebration. 
The only downside to the experience was that the waiter we had was somewhat unpleasant and inattentive. He was kinda rude to my friend and so we were slightly put off initially, but other staff that we encountered were friendly and helpful. 
Overall, would visit again!The vibe here was nice. I enjoyed the music and the outdoor setting . It was pretty to look at. Our waitress didn't tell us about the specials however . We happened to see some items on other tables that  were not on the menu. Once we asked is when she decided to say they were specials for the day. We ended up ordering the special, The fajitas. They lacked flavor. I had to doctor mine up because I wasn't wasting money. If it wasn't for the salt and pepper, the different salsas and the hot sauce, I wouldn't have liked them at all. It was a little disappointing. I had high hopes and a great meal that day. 
There is a time limited on seating as well.This place was amazing. Great food and scenery. Two of the most important things I think every restaurant should take part in.First time here, haven't ate all day they took us late with no reservation. That's awesome especially during this time, really appreciate that. Real good food. My server was awesome his name was Keliq. A great guy, great server all around took care of us. Never change brotha! YOURE THE MAN.Great little oasis located right along Spring Garden. Expansive drink menu with a variety of food options. The nachos and tacos were great, as well as the spicy marg. Would not recommend the blood orange marg as it does not taste different than the regular but just has a different color.I left a two star rating because the service was good. However after spending $700 with a group of 9 my biggest concern was the drinks. We ordered several shots and drinks and they were extremely watered down. Watered to the point that we should've ordered juice or water. The food was ok but the drinks were an absolute 0. I would not return due to thisGreat environment and great customer service! Nick and Bernardo are the best! The Frozé hits the spot and the food is delicious! Will definitely come again the next time I am in Philly!Came here the first weekend they opened. Pro's are the parking is easy and free, friendly service, and instagram worthy atmosphere. The food itself left a bit more to be desired. The best thing I had was the corn. It was seasoned to perfection! The Nachos are plentiful and also really good. The shrimp cocktail was nothing special but it wasn't bad either. My fav drink was the frosè and it looks tiny but it packs a lot of power. 7/10 would def recommend. And bonus points for following social distancing guidelines!!came to philly from az and saw this place had good reviews for their food and service. the service was awful. our server Emma barely came to check up on us until it was ready for her to grab the check. had to keep going up to the bar for service. we could see her friends was sitting in the greenhouse because that's where she spent most of her time eating chips. our nachos took 45 min to come out, we got all of our food and finished before they came out. had 3 different people come up to the table asking if we were good n we told each of them that we were still waiting for the nachos.
would definitely not recommend this place.I ordered the Chorizo Con Papas Tacos and they were solid Texmex tacos. The tacos had a lot of filling in it and the portion was good. However the flavoring is just okay. The chorizo seemed like it was only seasoned with salt. It was still really good to eat!
The environment is Instagram worthy and the drinks are strong. Juno is a great place to come during happy hour.