Clean. Flavors are good. Puts on gloves when you get whipped cream which is rarely seen by me. Love dark chocolate flavor. And decent toppings.I was so excited for Northern Liberties to finally get a yogurt spot, however, despite the great location the yogurt just isn't very good. The texture isn't creamy, instead it's a very watery, practically water ice consistency.  They need to switch up their formula or something.  
They do have a good selection of toppings.  
The prices are more expensive then other fro yo places nearby and they don't offer sampling cups.  Also too many candy flavors and not enough fruit flavors.  Happily Ever After in Old City is more reasonable, offers sampling cups, and has delicious creamy yogurt.  It's worth walking a mile from this place.A bit of an upgrade from the usual frozen yogurt restaurant, the decor is fabulous and the frozen yogurt is much better than that. Wide range toppings at a price that is not sky high.No sample cups. Are you kidding me? How am I supposed to know if "salted caramel pretzel" tastes good as a froyo flavor? Personally, I inevitably spend $9 on froyo because of all the toppings. So I'd like to know if I even like the froyo I am about to buy. 
The employee was rude about telling me they do not offer sample cups when I asked politely. 
Also, there weren't many general flavors. For instance, I didn't see vanilla. Even if I wanted to look past the ludicrous and stupid policy of not offering sample cups like every other ice cream store in the world, I couldn't just pick a flavor I knew I liked. 
I will not be patronizing Just Cravings. Instead I went to Super Fresh and got Ben & Jerry's froyo on sale and whipped cream for about $3.Just Cravings just reopened down the block from it's original location and I'm definitely a fan of the new digs. It's only sort of problematic that I have to walk past it on the way home from the gym. This new location is definitely an upgrade. The building is brand new and the decor/lighting is way better than the old location. With ample outside seating, it's perfect for dates with friends or your significant other. 
With the new opening they have water ice, froyo, bubble and a slew of other products to offer. I have only tried the froyo. I took a star away because they do not have any froyo flavors that are fruity. They are all the chocolate/cookie butter/vanilla variety. I usually like to get a fruit and a chocolate flavor but I have settled with salted caramel and cookie butter as my go-to. Both of the yogurts were creamy and delicious. They have plenty of toppings - standard stuff for a froyo place. My prefernce is rainbow sprinkles, strawberry bobba, and rainbow nonparels. A small bowl filled with stuff can range between $6-7 which is great since they have a $5 minimum credit card rule. 
I'll definitely be back and I'm going to have to try their bubble tea sometime. Great upgrade and I'm glad that this is in the neighborhood.
EDIT 7/29/17 After posting this review the owner messaged me about my issue with no fruity flavors. The owner actually added two fruit flavors to the line up so I added the 5 star back. He added Georgia Peach and Banana flamabe which are delicious! Great place and they deserve the 5 stars!Awesome fro-yo, great flavors and friendly management.  We hosted our daughter's 2nd birthday party at Just Cravings and it was a perfect venue.  The owner worked with us on a group rate that made sense and allowed us to bring in pizza, beer, and a music teacher for the kids.  He was so easy and nice to work with and the kids and adults all loved the frozen yogurt. Highly recommend for a pop-in visit or for hosting a party.This place would be much better if the froyo wasn't so watery. I haven't had any other froyo that was this watery. Fix this and this place will get a 5!It is bananas ridiculous nuts that they don't let you do samples. And now they have a sign with some bs from the FDA saying that it's unsafe. Note that it doesn't say it's against regulations. And I google searched and could find nothing that the FDA says about this. Then they also suggest that you just put all the different flavors you want to try in your cup. That's crazy. I want a cohesive dessert not a buffet. My other suggestion would be that if you don't offer samples because you say it's "not sanitary", then don't have self serve. Or if you don't offer samples then suggest flavor/topping combos that make a cohesive dessert as opposed to just dumping a bunch of a flavors in one bowl because you want to see what they taste like.  And yes, I'll be back here because it's close to my house. But seriously Just Cravings, get it together.So good! Northern Liberties has been lost without a good froyo place and Just Cravings is the perfect fit! Great selection of flavors. The slated caramel pretzel was amazing! Tons of toppings, and fairly priced! The space is really clean and modern, with couches, stools, and tables. The big screen tv's are perfect to catch a game and enjoy some frozen yogurt. Couldn't be more pleased!Me and my significant found this place to be amazing. Good yogurt choices, plenty of toppings, great location in hipster northern lib fishtown. Employees are not bothersome and are just very professional which I like. The place is clean quiet and decent overall.
I did not find the yogurt to be icy in any way, the employees were not disturbing as the other viewers stated, and the place does not smell the bleach. We also arrived 3x at closing and were not rushed in any way.Great place to hang out in Northern Liberties!  Great tasting yogurt and great array of toppings. Love the fact that they have wi-fi and that it is a clean relaxing environment! Very spacious with lots of comfortable seating.  Outdoor space for when the weather is nice.  Great place to go all year round since they have other things than yogurt, and they even do parties too!Perfect place to satisfy my fro yo cravings! I stopped in here for my first time today and was shocked to see how clean everything was! There was no sticky leftover fro yo on the machines and all the toppings were neatly aligned in the topping bar. I loved the modern decor, the walls were bright white with blueish gray tiles and fun deep purple chairs -- perfect for northern libs eclectic scene. 
I noticed a trendy outdoor patio upon checkout, I feel a must have in Philly. I definitely will be back to enjoy my fro yo out there before summer ends. Also, happened to chat with the friendly owner about their addition of smoothies to the menu, as I was paying and he offered me a discount card for my next visit.
I would def recommend anyone in the area to stop in for a tasty treat!Very cool place, beautiful decor n super clean.nice selection of toppings n great tasting frozen yogurt ..offers food too..no sample cups due to potential of spreading germs according to owner..as guest get fingers in contact with dispenser ...so I'm like Monk when i t comes to germs n I appreciate the info n understand the policy ..I would highly recommendNo sample cups??? And a BS fda regulation justifying it?  Nah, I ain't buying it.  In addition, their froyo quality is poor -- watery and definitely not creamy.  Too bad there are no other easy options for frozen yogurt in NoLibs.  I'll stick with Happily Ever After in Old City.We love this place. They have great yogurt and toppings. They will give you samples if you ask at the counter they just can't give out those little cups. They have wi-fi. They have TVs and will put on a different channel if you ask. There are games to play for both adults and children. They also have sandwiches and other food. This is a fun place to hangout.Frozen yogurt! I have been driving past this place for at least a month waiting for it to open. I finally saw that they opened this past weekend (quietly). There were many flavors. I went with mint and my husband went with salted caramel and cheesecake. There was a wide variety of toppings to chose from. The weigh machine was modern and quick. They accept credit card which is always a bonus. The prices were decent. 
New go to FroYo place!I'm a Fro-Yo lover. It pains me when fro-yo places have a pithy selection of stale ingredients. But Just Cravings, with its vast variety of fresh toppings and multitude of flavors, makes my heart sing and my mouth water!!! 
Fruity boba balls, fresh fruit, nutella sauce, peanut butter sauce, brownies, cookies, cheesecake bites, crushed candies galore - you name it, they probably have it!
Best fro-yo and topping selection in the city. Courteous staff, comfortable and clean shop with plentiful seating, games and TV. What more could you want? Oh, good food?  They have that too!I love this place! They have amazing flavors and all the toppings you could possibly want!! :)I have to first say that I didn't have anything from here but it was because we couldn't try any of the flavors. Some FDA regulation states that we can't try the yogurt. But the funny part is, all yogurt places I've been to have an employee give you the samples. So we couldn't taste any of the flavors so I couldn't make a decision as to what to have. That's a huge bummer. We literally walked in and walked out. They had silly cookies and brownies that didn't even look appealing. When we asked if they had ice cream (because yelp said they had ice cream) they said they didn't. We were overall let down by the flavors as well, they had pumpkin pie and pumpkin cheesecake and another pumpkin flavor but no peanut butter flavor which is my favorite and usually a staple flavor everywhere else. Not impressed and we won't be returning if we can't try the flavors before we purchase it.Just Cravings is a fun little shop with a lot of dessert varieties like frozen yogurt, la colombe coffee, popsicles, cookies and etc. The shop was very clean and organized. Customer service was decent. The frozen yogurt options were a little limited to a couple of flavors: chocolate custard, vanilla custard, Californian Tart, Cookie Butter, Mint Chocolate, and one other flavor. Just Cravings isn't too unique but it is a nice shop to have in the middle of Northern Liberties, where it is known for delicious eateries!this place is so cute and convenient to my school! my mom, sister, & I stopped in one afternoon for a treat and we were greeted by a nice gentleman who answered all of our questions. As far as the selection, they provide a wide variety of items for everyone! I definitely would recommend this place.Yikes on the boba. Tasted like warm rancid milk. And it's not cheap. Maybe the yogurt and ice cream are better.Pros- nutella in a squirt bottle, whipped cream (you have to ask), tastes pretty decent (i disagree with the other reviewers)
Cons- no tasting cups, this fro yo seemed to melt more rapidly than ones I have previously had elsewhere, and very pricy. I usually never exceed $3.50 when I get fro yo and today's serving was $5.29...I could have gotten a drink with that.
I was really craving fro yo and this is a good neighborhood spot....other than Ritas, we don't have much else within walking distance in Northern Liberties as far as frozen treats go!The place is not bad, but the design is a little weird; you come in, and it's a looooong room with TVs on one side, and the "line" of frozen yogurt machines followed by toppings on the other.
The yogurt was good, and the price is reasonable.
I'm taking off a star because of the limited fruit selection.  Typically, places like these have lots of fruit toppings.  (If I just want candy toppings, I can go to Rita's).Brian the owner made me the most delicious coffee smoothie on my lunch break. It was perfectly sweetened and I could really taste the La Colombe cold brew in it. It was also healthy! The prices here are super reasonable for No Libs compared to Igloo in Fishtown AND they have a TONNNN if toppings to choose from! Top notch customer service and amazing frozen yogurt! Will be back again!! (They also stay open until midnight, major plus for weekends).Two night in a row we have ordered from them with bad results. The first night they send the wrong kind of ice cream sandwich. Fine, NBD, I'll gladly consume any flavor of sandwich.
Tonight, though, they sent regular ice cream when my girlfriend ordered the almond milk alternative because she has a dairy intolerance. Called them about the issue, and they said basically nothing they can do, call seamless to ask for a refund. Can't reorder because they stopped taking orders for the night, but they'll we're more than welcome to order again tomorrow (at full price). 
Now we have no ice cream and we have to deal with the side effects of her having consumed dairy.This place is awesome! It's very modern looking with music and big screens playing. The froyo is great. I haven't had froyo that delicious in a long time. They have other food as well. The soup and grilled cheeses are top notch. Overall, a good experience and will be going back again soon.I have been waiting for this place to open!! I love across the street and since it's opening have been multiple times. Great selection of everything! Love the salted Carmel and the candy bar flavors. Yum.Cons: No sampling flavors, why?! The yogurt could been firmer, it seems to melt almost immediately. 
Pros: Hits the spot. Nice flavor selection, salted caramel is a must try. Good to have a frozen yogurt spot in NoLibs.It's a new record for me. First time I have ever sampled a few flavors then walked out. Just not good. The yogurt does not have a creamy texture at all. Similar to water ice.The employee working tonight was listening to music on her phone loud enough to impact serving customers or sitting at a table when there were none left to serve. 
The açaí bowls were mostly soup because they were not kept cold enough. The fresh fruit was the only redeeming quality.Yikes on the boba. Tasted like warm rancid milk. And it's not cheap. Maybe the yogurt and ice cream are better. And yes. It had ice. The coconut milk was rancid. Again, this is from someone who's had hundreds of these since they first came to SoCal well over a decade ago. Sorry, it was simply bad. And there were two of us this day and we both felt the same way.Nice, clean modern style frozen yogurt spot. They sell other snacks as well.  They have a nice selection of toppings but only had 5 yogurt flavors to choose from.  They actually had Nutella to put on top of the yogurt which is genius. Overall a good experience with friendly staff.Thank you for being so close to our new place :). We stopped by for a salted caramel froyo with chopped up peanuts and m & m's and it was honestly the best froyo I've ever had, and I've had A LOT of froyo. Kiwi is my fav, igloo is a close second to this one, and thank god sweet ending closed, yuck.If I could give zero stars I most definitely would. I ordered 5 frozen dessert cups an Oreo milkshake and only received 4 of them. We triple checked to make sure that we didn't miscount any of the orders. After we compared our receipt with what we ordered, we confirmed that we were indeed missing part of our order. I contacted Just Cravings to tell them that we did not receive a part of our order and the worker on the phone was giving me an attitude and continued to rant about how she was the only person working at the time. She said that she wouldn't be able to make and send the missing order. She said they will pay me back for the ice cream we didn't receive. However, I still haven't received the money. Adding on, the Oreo milkshake I ordered wasn't really good. It was half Oreo crumbs and half milk like split down the middle of the cup, as if she filled the rest of a vanilla milkshake with leftovers. Not really a milkshake I'd expect to get. I most definitely won't be ordering from Just Cravings next time I am in Philly. Also there was hair that obviously didn't belong to me because the cap was unopened.DISCLAIMER: I'm not a fan of frozen yogurt.  Ice cream and custard are just so much better.  However, those opinions aside, I've had much better frozen yogurt.  Their flavors (apart from the original california tart) are just not very good.  They don't particularly taste like the named flavor, and don't have enough flavor overall.  The topping selection was good, but certainly not good enough to make up for the lack of good yogurt.  Unfortunately there are no other options around for any type of frozen treat, so I'm stuck with this in the neighborhood as my gf enjoys a frozen treat from time-to-time.They don't give out samples. The employees were rude and they have a 5 dollar credit card minimum. I signed for Yelp just to let the wold know how terrible  this place isDecent frozen yogurt spot in No Libs. Agree with other reviewers that it melts almost instantly but it satisfies the craving when there's no other options around. Late night hours till 11pm is also convenient for late night cravings. I was definitely disappointed that they had zero fruit toppings, which seems to be consistent among other reviewers. Lots of candy toppings but for those health conscious individuals, there's not too many options. The couches/abundance of tables and TVs are cool though. Enjoy some froyo while watching chopped.Very good, rich tasting frozen yogurt. However the employees appear to be pretty disgruntled. The place has been open for a week. I would think the employees would at least make an effort to be courteous to customers.I was a regular orderer from this place through Uber Eats. I ordered almost every day.  I ordered Larges on the items and would repeatedly get smalls (but pay for the Larges). I would sometimes get the the large so I was well aware of what a Large looked like. Last order from this place. All I can say is beware and maybe think about somewhere else to order, which is what I am going to do. BAD BUSINESS for sure.We went to this place thinking it had nothing but yogurt, they have 4 yogurt flavors only, the rest was all ice cream, I got cookies and cream ice cream, it had absolutely no flavor, I got chocolate chips, weird old freezer burnt flavor, I will definitely not be returning its a shame because its around the corner from my house!Just Cravings is just alright. Came in during lunchtime and got a mango bubble tea, made from a pretty bland powder and warm water mixed together over ice. There was a crazyy small amount of actual drink in the cup, and I paid 7 for it. Tapioca was alright. Was looking at the other options, and the ice cream sandwiches, fro-yo, and ice cream all look alright! I'd try the dairy-free silk soft serve with some toppings, but I'm not itching to go back again and spend so much! At least it's easy to reach the credit card minimum of $15.We were craving some Froyo and we got our Froyo. However, our experience wasn't too great. The woman waiting on us seemed pissed we were even there and the options of Froyo were limited to 3 options. Not cool, but understandable during these Covid-Times. 
Price wasn't too bad, but 3 small Froyo's came to 17$. Again, not terrible but could be better. Not sure if we'll be back, but always an option for a quick after dinner treat.Ordered a strawberry milkshake that was $6.25. I got soft served vanilla ice cream mixed with Hershey's strawberry syrup... I expected at least real strawberry ice cream.Decent frozen yogurt spot in No Libs. Agree with other reviewers that it melts almost instantly but it satisfies the craving when there's no other options around. Late night hours till 11pm is also convenient for late night cravings. I was definitely disappointed that they had zero fruit toppings, which seems to be consistent among other reviewers. Lots of candy toppings but for those health conscious individuals, there's not too many options. The couches/abundance of tables and TVs are cool though. Enjoy some froyo while watching chopped.Whoever was working tonight was terrible. She was on her phone the whole time and didnt care to help at all. The froyo i wanted wasnt working and when i asked her if they were out she said no there's some left there and walked away when the machine wasnt working. I then asked to try the ice cream and she stared at me because her headphones were in... so i asked her again which seemed to annoy her. Ended up getting a little bit of froyo which was great and would have totally gotten more if she would have helped reset the machine but I guess her phone convo in her headphones was more important than the customer.‍Food: 3
Decor: 2
Ambiance: 1.5
Service: 2
Value: 2
All frozen yogurt places generally look the same, and have the same offerings. This one in particular is slightly bigger than most, with seats to hang out in. However, we arrived about 2-3 hours before closing, and they seemed hassled by our presence. All of that seating was closed, and the place smelled of bleach. Frozen yogurt was okay, although slight more expensive than other places for nothing spectacular.I stopped by once to have their frozen yogurt. It was OK. Not bad, but no where near the best I've ever had.  I love Fro-Yo so I was excited to check this place out.  It tends to draw a younger crowd on the weekends, so I'd avoid this place at all costs on a Friday or Saturday night if you are a sophisticated adult.  I liked my fro-yo enough to go back. My buddy, on the other hand, not so much.  I liked their peanut butter topping.  Next time I go back, I'll try their acai bowls.Too good. Expensive but that is the only thing that keeps me from going there 3 times a day. Open strangely late which is a curse and a blessingThis place is fantastic. I love the atmosphere and the variety of yogurt flavors. They also serve non-yogurt snacks, soups and sandwiches. I noticed a sign that said they do birthday parties also. I don't have kids, with the atmosphere, TVs and fresh food options, I would definitely recommend this place for a party or just to drop by for a guilt-free snack.Went at around 7pm for an after dinner treat. Toppings were well stocked and the place was clean but almost every froyo flavor was liquid. I tried 3 different flavors and they were all soup consistency.  My husband tried the vanilla and it wasnt completely liquid so we went with that. The employee saw me trying to find a flavor that wasn't liquid and said nothing and was very sullen the entire time I was there. Probably will not return. I love the idea but I don't want to spend 6 dollars on liquid froyo.walked in yesterday on a whim, was really craving something cold and sweet after eating at Blackbird pizzeria. i was hoping for the best when i walked in, and was greeted by a nearly-empty store, except for two women and their screaming toddlers. alright, that's not the fault of the store, although still a nuisance. as soon as i walked in, the only worker in the store came out from the back, but she had her headphones in. i got my yogurt, there was an alright selection. i got my toppings, where there was a nice selection as well. i got to the counter to pay and the girl still had her headphones in. i sat down, toddlers still screaming, and watched three separate people come in to get things and the cashier had her headphones in the entire time. 
my note to the owner: PLEASE find staff members who brighten up the cafe. she wasn't rude in any ways, but she was very obviously disinterested, distracted, and did not care about her job. 
and, to top it off, the yogurt was kinda runny... has the potential to be a great place, if only you found staff that gave a shitOrdered a 12 oz. smoothie online for $5.19 only to find that the smoothie container was only filled 3/4 of the way when it was delivered. Definitely not worth the money.Just Cravings is probably my least favorite frozen yogurt restaurant.
First of all, I like to sample flavors at froyo restaurants because I don't want to end up with a cup of a flavor I dislike. I'm not sure if this is now the new norm, but here, the samples come not from the self serve machines, but from the cashier who scoops you a small sample of the flavor you choose from a cup that has been sitting in the freezer for who knows how long- the texture of the yogurt is much much different so it's really not the same as what you get from the machines. 
Secondly, the flavor selection is minimal -- when I visited, there was vanilla, tart, chocolate, strawberry, rice crispy, and two other strange flavors that didn't seem to blend well with yogurt. I chose a combination of strawberry and tart, both of which seemed to be already melted before they hit my cup. 
Other cons: 
There were only two options for fresh fruits. 
The cashier was in a horrid mood and had a terrible attitude to me and my three friends.
Overall, terrible experience. The frozen yogurt, as melted as it was, was okay. I've had better. That yogurt, combined with all of the other problems I encountered with Just Cravings, is an experience that I would not like to repeat.Very clean! Excellent customer service! Great frozen yogurt with lots of fresh toppings to pick from. They have tons of seating, and even an outdoor patio in the back. This place is right across the street from me, so I'll be a frequent visitor!A lot of people are saying that they had a bad experience with the service. Maybe there is some new management, because I found the servers super sweet. They were very engaged, gave recommendations, and were just generally friendly.
Sadly, I think that's the extent of the compliments that I can give to this place. I found the dessert itself mediocre, and a bit too sweet. I had the cookie dough with the Vanilla Custard Soft Serve, and it didn't really satisfy my already low expectations for this ice cream.Terrible service. Açaí is basically just a water pot with some flavor and strawberries. Don't waste your money.I ordered Chocolate Temptation Cake, Vanilla Milkshake, and a Frozen Dessert Cup for delivery.
It was delicious for a sweet night snack.Wish I could give a 0/5. The person working was livestreaming and was barely paying attention to us. She asked us to repeat what we said like 4 times each (3 people = 12 times). Clearly she was not listening to what we were saying and what we wanted for our orders. They didn't even have regular froyo flavors and the toppings tasted old and stale. The credit card reader did not even work so we had to get cash to pay.Cute super clean modern looking place friendly staff, but awful frozen yogurt. They need to add some consistence to it! It's all watery n it melts in a second. What a shame I'll never eat their Froyo again.Went here for some bubble tea since I've walked by it for months and seen their huge sign for bubble tea. Walked in and discovered like every sweet you could ever think of was in this store! This will be bad for my sugar tooth, which is why I'm sure it's called Just Cravings.... 
So I definitely had too high of expectations of this bubble tea due to the huge sign outside and realized when I walked in that it might not be that good since it wasn't one of their specialties. And boy was I right.  The boba were half cooked and the taro coconut was just too sweet. Prices seemed kind of expensive but reasonable for the area o guess. Gave it three stars since I'll probably go back to get ice cream sometimeBad service and awkward environment. Custard was overpriced, gritty, and created a really weird film in the mouth, causing me to think that it was expired. Please save your money and go else where.I really wanted bubble tea and this was the closest place. The ice cream, toppings, and ice cream sandwiches looked great but all I got was the bubble tea. It's awful  the boba is still hard in the center. I'm about to try boiling them to see if I can save this. 
I'd probably visit again to try the ice cream sandwiches but I'm never getting a bubble tea from this place again. $7 and change (tax included) for a large and my pocket and belly are beyond unsatisfied.My gripe with this place is that they are the only fro-yo place in the city that doesn't have the little sample cups out for you to try different flavors. The person working behind the counter has to come out and do it for you. And on a summer night (with long lines), is impossible to do.The cashier was very nice but the cannoli was sad and had ice cream in it instead of ricotta and wasn't great. The frozen yogurt had lil chunks of ice in it. :/ meh for meOrdered on grubhub. One item was missing and another item was completely incorrect. Restaurant refused to reimburse for incorrect item even though it was a smaller size wrong flavors and wrong toppingsWe found this place lacking when compared to other froyo places. Fewer froyo flavor options and the few they had lacked the flavor punch we were searching for. 
For the food portion, the price seemed a little high. My sisters version of the review is "meh"I...honestly don't know how this place stays open. I mean, they're the only yogurt place in the immediate area (surprisingly), and in an area that gets a lot of foot traffic, but I never see anyone in here. I've been a handful of times when my nephew is visiting, but probably won't be going back.  Their prices are outrageous (like, $12.50 for a small-medium self-serve cup with a few toppings) and more often than not, half the machines are broken or not filled and running.   One of the last times I was here, they were literally scooping pre-poured half-frozen solid soft-serve from a bucket in the freezer behind the counter (I don't know, so they didn't have to keep another machine running that they would have to clean out later?)
To boot, my yogurt has had undertones of dishwater one too many times for me to be comfortable with.  They only get 2 stars because they place is usually clean-looking, and like I said, they are the only yogurt in the neighborhood.  I really wish they'd open an Igloo or a Pinkberry in NoLibs.We stopped here one night after dinner around 10:15pm. We looked it up online first to see when it closed and online it said 11pm. When we walked in, it looked like the girl working behind the counter had started to clean up for the night, which was no big deal. But then when we started to look at the flavors, she said "don't make a mess because I'm trying to clean up".. We let it slide because it's the end of the night and I totally understand wanting to get home after a shift. When we started to look at the toppings there was only one spoon left out, which would have been ok expect that one of our friends has a severe nut allergy. We asked for another spoon for him, explaining his allergy, and she handed him a sample size spoon, which is smaller than most of the toppings! 
When we were paying I asked her what time they closed, and she said "11. Why are you asking?" I told her I was just curious. We sat and ate the frozen yogurt until 10:45 and then we left. As soon as we walked out the door she followed behind us and locked it. 
Pretty rude service. Disappointed overall. If I were the owner, I'd want to know that my employees treated customers like that.Solid addition to the NoLibs area. Clean. Good selection of frozen yogurt and a nice selection of toppings. Indoor seating available. Modern vibe. Overall happy with my visit and would come back again!The person at the counter gave our Uber eats order to the wrong person. Not only did she mess up but she didn't apologize and was just so incredibly rude on the phone to us and to the Uber eats driver that arrived after she gave it away. This wasn't anyone's fault but hers and instead of trying to fix the situation she refused and screwed over us and the Uber eats driver.Pretty bland frozen yogurt and pretty bland store. For a store located in hipster Fishtown, this store seems archaic and backwards. The employee seems uninterested and not happy to be there. It was part of his daily routine. The store was empty around the afternoon on a weekend literally. Kind of discouraging. Would not recommend.The place is good, however I think it's pretty ridiculous that I paid over $6 for 2 scoops of ice cream in a waffle cone. Definitely a rip off!Just served me a "taro bubble tea" that was WARM and tasted like a bad taro bubble tea that was then watered down, didn't know there was such thing as bad bubble tea...the chocolate chip cookie makes Chips Ahoy taste home made. Wish I got my $7 back...Just Cravings is awesome!  Thanks for staying open during this pandemic. Got your cookie ice cream sandwiches and they are awesome!Acai bowl poorly made loose like a smoothie skimpy on the add ins.  The cashier was very friendly!