Great new spot. Loved the dog friendly outdoor patio and the design of the inside area. I liked the avocado toast best and the rugelach is pretty good too!This new place in Rittenhouse square is always busy during the day. That is because they have great little pastries and treats! My girlfriend really likes their coffee and I enjoy their food. Would recommend but expect a short wait. There's outdoor and indoor seating.A brilliant and dynamic cafe that's so unique and refreshing to the area. I didn't know I was eating plebeian rugelach my whole life until I tried their version here. It was rich, dense, and had the perfect ratio of chocolate to pastry.  I also had the chance to try the avocado toast, potato boreka, grilled cheese (shown in the photo), and a smoked salmon bagel. All of which were phenomenal. 
Also, to my surprise, their black coffee was super fresh. It was robust, but not in a French roast kind of way. It was a medium-light roast with some bright notes thrown in there. Hopefully it's not just a first week opening kind of thing, but I hope they continue to serve the freshest of beans. 
Pro-tip: Get there early. Like from within the first hour or two from opening. The pastries are fresher, and they tend to run out of choices pretty quickly. That could change though because they might just be figuring out the quirks still.The food is amazing. Be prepared to wait in a long line and make sure to come in early to get what you want before they are running out.
The cafe is narrow but deep so the line can build up to the back. There are not many seating area. There are outdoor seating and some by the bar.
Service was great. Staff is friendly, service is pretty fast. You can see the kitchen.
Borekas: they are like puff pastry. Potato : it has curry flavor lots of filling flavor is on point . Jam and sweet cheese: delicious but not much filling compared to the potato version. Both has perfect pastry and flavor.
Rugelach: one order consists of 3 rugelachs. Generous with chocolate fillings and moist. It's awesome. Definitely get it. 
Mini babka has orange flavor in it. It's moist and delicious.
Tahini chocolate chip is awesome too, it's soft kind cookie. It's fragile so it didn't survive after I finish running my errands. 
Walnut cake is very moist and sweet, the sweetest among all that I tried. 
Avocado kubaneh toast is amazing. It has spread of Schug sauce that gives a spicy kick topped with sliced of thick fresh avocado and finished with sliced fresh and juicy tomato. It's not a regular avocado toast.
Tahini and molasses kubaneh toast is amazing too. It tastes like PB and J. You cannot find it anywhere else.
Egg and cheese on Jerusalem bagel is great. The bagel is long and soft, perfectly toasted. It has schug spread that gives spicy kick. The egg is thick. Flavor is on point.
Overall the food is amazing. Perfect flavor and very special. I took a star down because I couldn't get the Pistachio sticky buns because they were sold out by 11. I will definitely come backNot quite ready for prime time. They are consistently sold out of babka, rugelach and other pastries before 11:00am. And there is a substantial bottleneck because only one staff takes orders for the entire restaurant. Food is good so hopefully these kinks will be worked out in the coming weeks.I went to K'Far for dinner last night and my rating is bumped to 5 stars...if not more. I made a reservation for 6 pm and I was seated on time. I was waiting for my friend, and while I waited I got a drink and chatted with the server about her food recommendations. She was attentive, and very helpful in assisting me to decide what we should order. When my friend arrived, we ordered almost right away (she was very trusting of our server's recommendations).
We got the whipped feta, cauliflower, and basturma and melon. Everything was next level great. We shared the T'bit for two for our entree. I was so excited by this dish. The flavors and textures were perfectly right.
We were debating which dessert to get, and as a very thoughtful and not necessary gesture, our server sent us over a complementary one. None of the desserts disappointed - I recommend the malabi and rugelach french toast so you can dip one into the other!
Will definitely be returning to K'Far!!!Walked in at about 9:30am. There was a small line forming but it went by quickly. The woman behind the counter was nice and asked if I had any questions about the menu. I ordered a pistachio sticky bun and beet toast and sat down at a table. Water and utensils are located in the middle of the restaurant and are self-serve. The reviews for the pistachio sticky bun overhyped it for me but it was still good. The bun hard on the outside and fluffy on the inside.  The waitress brought over my beet toast and it was totally Instagram worthy. The beet mixture had layers of flavor and is served on warm thick toast. Overall the experience was pleasant, service was friendly and the food was good.When I heard that K'Far Cafe would be opening, I couldn't wait to check it out! I got there on a Saturday, at 7:45am, 15 minutes before opening, and was the third person in line. I wanted to get there early, since I heard that some pastries have been selling out before 9am. By opening time, the line outside went to the end of the block. When the doors opened, I was super psyched and already had a list of everything that I wanted to order. We (group of 4) got 3 Chocolate Rugelach, 2 pistachio sticky buns, 3 mini chocolate babkas, 1 potato boreka, 1 Bulgarian feta boreka, 1 Jerusalem bagel (smoked salmon), 1 salt roasted beets toast and the Yemenite Latte. I also wanted to try the Quinoa Tabbouleh, but they didn't offer that until 11am. Everything of course was delicious, but my absolute favorites were the borekas!! They were amazingggg! Next time I go, I would get a pistachio bun, a bunch of the borekas, a toast that others were getting with fig that looked delicious, and would want to try the salads & grains. I loved the beautiful ambiance! There was an open kitchen, where you could the chefs whipping up the magical dishes and everything was just so pretty! The staff was super friendly and professional. All of the tables were filled by around 8:20am (but there was additional seating in another room at the back of the restaurant). There was also still a line when we left around 8:45am. Can't wait to go back!!This place is awesome! Thank you Mike! We had a great time, enjoyed the food and really appreciated the hospitality you showed us!
-The Pakistani family from todayI live for the konafeh here and die for the cocktails, wine selection and dessert drinks. This is less inundated by people than zahav, smaller venue but equally good food and ambience without the  hype. Sometimes one just wants to walk into a place, be seated at the bar without waiting for 2 hours and that is the magic of kfar! 
The breakfast/brunch/pastry offerings in the morning are perhaps even better then the dinner.Let me count the ways how much I love this place? Everything I've had here is just so darn delicious. K'Far is owned by CooknSolo, the same people who own Zahav, Dizengoff, Federal Donuts, and Goldie. The woman who was the head pastry chef of Zahav is in charge of all of the pastries. Thus, I had high hopes for this place
Inside, the cafe has a gorgeous modern vibe, with white marble countertops and "millennial pink" accents. There is plenty of seating, at the high top communal table, bar, and some normal tables in the back. However, it can get crowded during the weekends. There is also a gorgeous outdoor seating area with string lights.
I came here on a Thursday morning about 2 weeks after it opened. The line was not that long, because I have seen it wrap around the restaurant. You order your food at the front and are given a number to sit down and wait for your food to be given to you. If you order pastries, you can generally pick those up yourself. The menu has a great selection of salads, sandwiches, and pastries. Not too many and not too few. My friend and I ordered the beet labneh toast, ruggaleh and feta cheese boreka to split. I also ordered an iced coffee. The restaurant uses Ox Coffee, which is one of my favorite coffee shops in the city. When you get your coffee to stay, they include a metal straw which I think is such a nice touch.
The food came out pretty quickly. The beet labneh toast consist of beets blended into the labneh, which is a mix in the consistency of a goat cheese and a thick yogurt, but mild tasting, a hard boiled egg, and sumac on top of bread which tasted to be griddled in some sort of fat, probably butter. I loved the flavors, but, since the bread was toasted with butter, I found it heavier than what I was expecting. The pastries were SO delicious. The ruggaleh was flakey and the flavor was good.
Overall, I had a generally great experience, considering they have only opened two weeks ago. I am curious to see how they roll out their dinner/late afternoon menu and their cocktails.Lunch yesterday:  If you are eating avocado toast anywhere else, you need to stop.  The schug (and if you don't know what that is, you need to get with the program!) uplifts other boring avocado toast and makes this one a sensation.  The kashkaval grilled cheese on a Jerusalem bagel is a twist on classic from mom and sorry mom, but this is the winner.  And finally, the smoked salmon on a Jerusalem bagel crushed it b/c those pickled cucumbers (not quite cucumbers, not quite pickles) add just the right umph to the sandwich.  Today:  trying pastries - which will be nearly impossible to surpass my bubbie's - and the borekas/bourekas.Had the most awesome time at K'Far. The dining experience was phenomenal. Sean was super in helping us decide our meals and wine options. Will definitely be back!It is really awesome!!  The avocado tomato toast - they use the heirloom tomatoes at the farmers market.  Their other popular croissant-ish items are also super yummy!K'Far is a hip and quite trendy Israeli café in Rittenhouse. Cut from the same cloth as Zahav and Goldie, K'Far offers coffee and espresso, sweet and savory pastries, and other brunch goodies. They always seem to have a line, though it moves decently fast (assuming you want food for takeout - if you want a table, you might need to arrive early or make a reservation). The café has great style with fun décor and catchy music, and the staff has always been friendly and helpful.
I've only tried a few sweets, which were tasty and well-done. Value for hot drinks and baked goods is generally good (think around $2-$5 for a drink or for a food item). I believe they switch over to dinner and alcohol in the evenings, though I've never been around for that.
Overall a fun experience, and I'd happily come back for more.Excellent service and pastries were delish. The pistachio morning bun is definitely worth getting in line for. Only complaint: the smoked salmon bagel had way too much butter.On my third visit, I am getting the salad and grains which are available after 11.
Cauliflower salad: it's a little bit too salty for me. It has some dills and sliced fresh grapes. I asked the tehina on the side. It has a strong flavor kinda goat cheese. 
Tehina chicken salad is awesome. Chicken is tender great flavor and seasoning. Freekeh is perfectly cooked so that it doesn't become a hard grains. Marinated celery is a great combination for the salad as it gives crunchy texture. I'm not a big fan of celery and red onion but this is different. I didn't taste the strong celery or onion flavor. I thought there's some apple slices but it's not on the description of the salad. I highly recommend this.Mujadara Bowl was fantastic, as was the rest of the meal. Jerusalem Bagels are all winners and could not be happier to see Solomonov continuing to expand with different concept eateries. The vibe, music, and ambiance during lunch was also lively and fun. Great addition to an already booming food scene in Philly.Beautiful vibes inside. Tough to get seating (although went on a weekend at 1pm). Food was typical of Jewish-like cuisine. Food was really good. Coffee was really good. Wanted to try to the egg/cheese grilled sandwich but they had run out. Not a spot to sit and work FYI!Had dinner here last night and absolutely loved it. We made a reservation so didn't have to wait, and the staff was prompt and friendly. The Jerusalem bagel and zatar butter were delightful, but the showstopper was the t'bit. It had all of the flavors of a Zahav meal, and fed two people (with leftovers) for only $30! The malabi custard was the perfect ending to the meal. Will definitely be back soon.My failure to give 5 stars to this new spot I tried for savory breakfast treats was not due to the food.  The feta, Swiss chard and potato borekas were great.  I was pleased to be ably to find a morning cafe that offered savory treats in addition to sweet pastries.  Even the 10 minute wait in line, because of the lack of adequate servers,  was ok for me as I am retired and was in no hurry.  However, this long line of people waiting to order made it impossible to use an entire bar with seating, as the line of people wrapped around this seating area. More disturbing was the blasting music, not what I would want first thing in the morning.  You could not have a conversation nor enjoy a quiet time to read the news nor just prepare for the upcoming chores of the new day.  I don't understand why the management would insist ( we did ask that the music should be toned down) on such a loud beginning to the day.  This, unfortunately, drives me away unless I decide to get takeout to enjoy in the park.This cafe is worth it! Another great spot to eat by the owners who created it!
I got the Potato Boreka, Swiss Chard Boreka and the Chocolate Rugelach.
The potato Boreka has everything bagel seasoning on it and the potatoes filling was just enough not to be overwhelming!
The Swiss chard was a little too salty for me but the flavor was amazing and the flakiness of the dough melted my my mouth.
The chocolate Rugelach is a must as they are bite size and perfect for that chocolate pick me up!
The decor is also welcoming and warming!
I can't wait to try the rest of their pastries and food!First couple of times, I was blown away. Thereafter, the beautiful, delicate Tunisian salad had completely transformed into a mediocre, salty dish with what seemed like an entire can of tuna. It's just not worth standing in line for 40 minutes as the sole cashier/bakery person moves in slow motion.They ran out of almost everything by the time
I got there at 11 am on a Saturday; the crumbs that were left were delicious. Even with the line, hype and limited items I'll go back again. Soon! I'm excited to try everything on the menu.Came here on a random weekday seeking a breakfast sandwich...low expectations absolutely blown away. Incredible quality and taste. Solid coffee. 5/5This is a new favorite morning stop for me. They have delicious desserts and very helpful staff. Would highly recommend the chocolate rugelach.K'Far is the newest offering from Solomonav (the creative genius behind Zahav). He didn't go wrong with this. This cafe has everything you need. It has a sheek, bright, and oddly-dinner like ambiance, which somehow works really well. The coffee and breakfast foods are amazing. I got the pistaschio bun, which was sweet, crispy, warm, and all that you wanted in a pastry. My next trip is going to involve the egg breakfast Jerusalem bagel. Be warned though - there is routinely a line out the door for this place. I would recommend going as soon as they open or late in the day to avoid standing outside. You need to come here though!My friends and I stopped by around 9:30 am on a Sunday thinking we could avoid some of the crowds. How naive of us as this place is definitely crowded at all hours!
All I can say is this place lives up to the hype. We tried a bunch of menu items. The Jerusalem bagels are deliciously crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. Both the butter/zaatar and the egg/cheese ones were perfect. The smoked trout toast was a large portion although quite salty (a given when you're eating smoked fish though). 
I loved the Yemenite latte. The cardamom flavor is strong, and the latte itself was so creamy but not too sweet. The plain latte was equally delicious and creamy.
Although the crush of crowds remind me of the NYC subway at rush hour, this place is well worth the wait!My first visit to K'Far was a bit of a D'saster, as I showed up late for the race at 10 AM and after. 45 minute wait left empty handed and empty bellied, as all of the pastries had sold out and lunch had not yet started. I did meet the GM and she's really cool but I was really hungry so i headed to South Philly and devoured a plate of BBQ to make up for it. But I digress. My second visit started with the long wait again (and oddly another talk with the GM who remembered me from visit number one and told me that they are increasing pastry production every day and are baking well into the night). This became evident at the end of the line when I was greeted by endless pastries, borekas, babkas, and sticky buns. Food glorious food. Too many choices so I literally ordered enough food for four people (and strangely ate most of it that evening). The chocolate babka was delicious and had a slight orange essence to it. Even better was the pistachio sticky bun that left me wanting more. Oh those rugelach are really small, so I might as well eat them too. The best I have ever eaten...so yummy. And why not eat that slice of walnut cake too? It was so sublime yet complex that every bite I ate started with one flavor and then something else popped up on my palate. Fortunately I interpreted that as a warning sign that maybe I should save the other babka and sticky bun for the next day lest I blow up like the next Veruca Salt. 
My advice is to go early and go often.Finally tried out this place, I've been here several times before, but never ordered. They were either too busy or most items were sold out early. My favorite is potato boureka, them rugelach. Pistachio stick bun is not bad, but a little too oily too me. Their bagel is different, egg and cheese tastes good.Really cute and modern cafe - and the line is always out the door! It's very busy, so the wait time can get a little annoying if you just want to stop in and get a quick bite to eat. However, I ordered a drink off the menu and the chocolate babka, which was divine. I definitely will come back and try more of the actual food on the menu. Overall, I really love the aesthetic of this place and I definitely recommend visiting - just be prepared to wait a little if you don't have a reservation in advance or you're just stopping in.Having eaten a couple amazing dinners here, I have to say, I am a big fan of K'Far.  Late in 2019 I took my friend there for her birthday. We shared everything and the meal was amazing. Then returned last night with another friend in town, looking to enjoy something new. We had an incredible experience.  The food was really reasonable, as it's very shareable and the staff were exceptionally attentive and generous.  
I intentionally aimed to try different dishes on my return visit and am glad I did; everything was perfect and proved there is not one bad thing served there.
Philly is so lucky to have the Cook/Solo group, spoiling us on top notch service and food that we end up disappointed with "average" places elsewhere.Definitely lived up to the hype. Expect lines and expect things to sell out quickly on the weekend. Go early!tl:dr: Cute cafe in center city! Delicious food and great decor, definitely worth checking out.
The long version: Came here for brunch with a couple of philly friends! Loved the food and the atmosphere. 
PISTACHIO STICKY BUN
This was absolutely delicious!  Loved that it wasn't too sweet, it wasn't too messy to eat, and the flavors were great.
POTATO BOREKA
Really yummy and surprisingly filling! Couldn't finish it at the restaurant, but took the rest to go.
Would definitely come back here again!Love it for lunch - I keep dreaming about the pistachio sticky bun yuuuuuummmm
The salads are incredibly fresh and inventive, as is the grilled cheese bagel. The decor makes the food taste better. It's too small inside though, hate having to struggle to find somewhere to sit - however the staff are good at helping to find tables etcWe had the jewish bagels, toast and pastries. Everythjng we tried was so tasty. They take simple dishes and and make them into something special. The space is very cute and instagrammable. It does get super crowded during brunch hours and it may be hard to find a seat.One of my favorite spots for a quick bite for brunch or lunch. The Jerusalem bagels are something truly special. The atmosphere is super cool, and it's conveniently located right off of Rittenhouse Square. Get there early to try some of the amazing pastries.Went for dinner and while we had a reservation to sit at counter but chose to sit at the bar, what a great choice. Dave and Luke were outstanding.  Explained the extensive Vermouth selections (never realized that variety of Vermouths and of course the food.  Asked for their favorites and pretty much went with their recommendations. Started with the cauliflower and risotto - all we can say was yum.  Had the Lamb shank - tender, flavorful and probably best we ever had.  Dessert - the Konafi and the Malobi - amazing.  We left with very happy tummies.  They had only been open for dinner for 3 weeks and were full with people waiting at times.  Only concern is that once K'Far Cafe is reviewed by Craig LaBan, will not be able to get in at all.It's no surprise that Solomonov's new all-day cafe is amazing, but it really blew me away! From the first bite of the chocolate babka, I knew it was special. Perfectly made pastry, and perfectly sized too. The potato boreka was ethereal too, flaky pastry stuffed with turmeric scented potatoes (I think turmeric). The pistachio sticky bun was dense and fully satisfying! And that was before we got lunch. 
The Jerusalem bagel grilled cheese reminded us of pizza, but it was very good. And the mujadara, while a little too cold (room temperature would be better) was scented with warm spices, a cool sumac covered yogurt, cucumbers, and perfectly cooked salmon. Just excellent. Lunch was under $40 for two people.
The atmosphere is great too, a little hard to squeeze in to get a table, and a little loud, but very EuropeanWow! This place is great. I came to check out the coffee and was so impressed that I ended up staying for lunch. Becca was my incredible server. She was so knowledgeable about everything and was glad to help with questions and recommendations. The boreka is absolutely delicious and airy. For lunch I had the seared tuna salad which was spiced to perfection. I will absolutely be backFirst time having dinner at kfar last night - previously had only been there for breakfast/brunch service which is also incredible. But dinner definitely blew me away. Everything we had was better than the next. Surprisingly my favorite dish was the caviar bread appetizer which comes with their homemade Jerusalem bagel. The lamb was also not to miss. Our waiter was outstanding - made Solid recommendations, guided us through the menu, and was very attentive to our table. The ambience in the restaurant is great, they sent out a couple of extra dishes which was a very classy touch. We will definitely be back!!Amazing. Literally everything we had surpassed our expectations. I had the tuna melt and pistachio sticky bun. My friends had the grilled cheese and rugelach, smoked salmon toast, egg and cheese and walnut cake. I loved the pastries so much, I got some to take home. I also had the yementine (sp?) latte and that was so good, perfect balance of spices with espresso. I would live there if I could. Needless to say, can't wait to go back.A modern cafe to go to catch up with friends and study on the side! Order upfront and first come first serve on seating. Interior design is hip and chic with side table and bar seat options. Pastries are plentiful, though you'll have to come early as some run out by mid afternoon on a Sunday. I came twice, once for the Yemenite latte and the other for a quick grab and go for their pistachio sticky bun. Each time, the line was about 5-10min and service was quick and easy. 
The Yemenite latte was not quite what I expected as it had residual from the spices used and was a bit underwhelming for the hype. 3/5
However, the pistachio sticky bun was absolutely delicious. A good mixture of chewy dough, caramelized texture and medium crunch pistachios. Also had a subtle hint of something citrusy. 5/5 would recommend! 
Self serve water on the side.Cutest place! Love the interior and ambiance. Food and desserts were also amazing quality. Jerusalem bagel was delicious, pistachio sticky bun and chocolate rugelach were very good quality, and oat latte was great!!I can see what all the hype is about. The interior is beautiful. The staff were all friendly and polite. Very attentive to water refills and helping us clear our plates. We got here on a Saturday morning just 30 min after they opened and the place was already getting packed. By 9, there was a long line past the counter and extending to the tables in the back.
I got the salt roasted beet toast and cup of coffee. Absolutely stunning plate. Tastes as good as it looks. I'm not sure if it was the bread or beets, it was savory and then had a sweet aftertaste.Very "in" place right now. Go early or on off hours. The food and pastries are excellent. Loved the grain bowls, smoked salmon and the walnut cake. Everything was top notch. Just be prepared to waitAvocado toast and salmon bagel were amazing! Seating was limited but glad we got a spot.Wow
Came here after work on a Friday with some friends. They had just opened and we were gifted two dishes to try and give feedback on.
It's safe to say I haven't been this impressed with food in a long time. All four appetizers (two that we actually ordered) were out of this world. This is a must try new restaurant for me and already in my favorites. (Food 5/5). Drinks were also great and strong. (Drinks 5/5). Do be aware: there's no happy hour and this place is on the more expensive side.
Service was also top notch. The servers and bartenders didn't miss a beat. Introduced the food. Found a place for our jackets and work bags despite there not being a coat room. (Service 5/5).
Also loved the setting/ambiance. Perfect for a date night or a casual get together (Service 5//5)Finally able to go today before they closed all of a sudden at 2. I had one of the salads the name I forget and a slice, one of the last two, of their fantastic walnut cake. The food was so good, all of it, and the ambiance is an airy modern place with comfortable pink bunks. I'd love to try their other pastries but since they are in the lobby of an apartment building and it's at the other end of town of town for me, this may never happen. But I can dream about it, if I were the kind of person to be able to get it together early, I'd be there all the time. Unfortunately, I am not and will have to imagine it.After several days of trying to score some pastries (they have sold out of almost everything for the first few days of being open) my co-worker went at 8am and was able to get whatever her heart desired because everything was finally available. She brought back rugelach and chocolate babka, and a potato boreka. I did not try the boreka, but she said it was phenomenal, full of flavor. I did have rugelach, and it was so delicious, the babka was even better, with a chocolate flavor with a tiny hint of orange something. Both were Devine. I am thrilled that Kfar is far enough away from my office that I will not be able to live on a daily diet of these beautiful treats, but close enough for a special occasion venture. I have also been inside the caffe it self, and it is absolutely lovely, bright, airy, and spacious, with plenty of seating. I am looking forward to heading over for lunch one of these days, when the lines let up and there is still food to be had at noon!tl;dr bakery and coffee bar by day then full-service restaurant by night, this spot offers a chic twist on the traditional Israeli cafe
Mike Solomonov has done it again -- proving that Israeli cuisine is no laughing matter. K'far is a luxe space, sporting tall, whitewashed walls with pink and gold tile accents. The glamorous bar area nearly reaches to the ceiling and is complemented by a white marble bar top. For the day service, you are given a number placard with your order, and the food will be delivered to your table as it's prepared. Water and silverware are self-serve.
My partner and I popped in for Sunday morning breakfast. We arrived around 9:30AM to find the cafe buzzing with a short line (which paled in comparison to the line out the door by the time we left).
We decided to share a Yemenite Latte, Chocolate Rugelach, a Pistachio Sticky Bun, a Salted Roast Beet Kubaneh Toast, a Smoked Salmon Jerusalem Bagel. The latte, roasted with cardamom, ginger, and cinnamon, channeled the flavors of any popular autumnal roast beverage with a hint of sweetness. The rugelach were buttery and dense, opting for dark chocolate in lieu of overwhelming sweetness. Meanwhile, the surprisingly light, soft sticky bun was reminiscent of baklava, offering a punch of honey contrasted by a generous helping of earthy crushed pistachios. The thick slice of toast was soft and coated with a thick layer of bright purple beet salad and half a hard-boiled egg. Finally, the long, flat bagel was peppered with sesame seeds, toasted on both sides with dill butter, and finally filled with warm salmon and pickled cucumber. The result was comfortable and crispy, although underwhelming in flavor.
Our total worked out to $34 -- fair, considering the rising price of brunch throughout the city. We had no trouble finishing all that we ordered but were satisfied until dinner. Based on my experience, I'll be adding K'far to my brunch repertoire -- and I'm excited to give it a try for the dinner service, too.I don't know how we snuck in here at 9:30 am on a Sunday, but we somehow did and enjoyed it! As soon as we sat down with our pastries, the line started forming. The light, geometric wallpaper is super chic, and the bubbly chandeliers were a big hit with our 2-person party; it helps make the small space seem larger than it actually is. I like how they have several counters with napkins, silverware and water glasses/pitchers. The pastries were perfect, but the chai was a little weak for my taste. We are looking forward to coming back for lunch/dinner!Absolutely amazing food. We were there on a Sunday and had to wait in line for about 20 minutes but once our order was placed the food came quickly. The bagel sandwiches are literally the best I've ever had.Went here for lunch before going to Zahav for dinner (I know, baller) and it was phenomenal. Long lunch line but recommend just sitting at the bar if you've got time to hang. Got the grilled cheese Jerusalem Bagel because they were out of Basterma. It looked great so be aware that it sells out if you want it.Nice atmosphere. Whoever designed the cafe, really paid attention to every single minute detail. Very clean and well lit. Service-wise, the order came to the table very quickly, but it took about 20 minutes to wait in line to make an order on a weekend in the late morning. The smoked salmon Jerusalem bagel was satisfactory. The bagel itself was delicious, but the smoked salmon was very salty and there was not very much of it on the bagel for the price of $12.00. The potato boreka was 85% boreka and 15% potato. It tasted good, but more potato filling would make it better. The Yemenite Latte was definitely the highlight of the meal. It was flat out spectacular. Would possibly return for another meal, but would weigh other options first.I came to K'Far for dinner and had such a good experience that I decided to come back the next day and try some of their daytime offerings as well. Service was excellent for both night and day. 
Night - I had the lamb shank, medium-rare, and it came topped with pistachios, saffron and rose petals. It was the most beautifully plated lamb shank I've ever had, and it tasted amazing too. The portion was large enough that I think I could have had leftovers, but since I was pretty hungry and also travelling, I ended up eating the entire dish. Definitely would get it again. My guest ordered the mushroom risotto and it was very flavorful and a great option that is also vegan.
Day - I ordered a latte with oat milk and tried the pistachio sticky bun. The latte was great and I am not a sticky bun person typically, but the pistachio option was intriguing. The staff kindly threw in a fruity turnover pastry of some kind, and I actually thought that was amazing and would buy on my next visit. I would return whenever I am back in Philly.This review is for the dinner service.
No takeout. I was seated at the bar. Luke, my server is super friendly, very knowledgeable about each item on the menu and gave me thorough explanation for my questions. He's very attentive too. He noticed that the rugelach French toast for my dessert had sauce on it although I requested otherwise. He asked if I wanted it to be remade. Since it's just a drizzle, I let it go.
Yasmine, the GM is super friendly and welcoming.
Salmon: the best salmon shrimp I've ever had. Super crispy skin but not greasy at all. The salmon still maintains its moist and juiciness but not rare. It's served with mujadara which is a mix of grain and long rice, braised greens, and labneh. I like that the server explained the dish as it was served. When everything was put together, it has great flavor. The labneh really balanced the flavor because the greens and  grains are pretty salty on their own. Perfect portion too.
Rugelach French toast is amazing. Perfect richness of chocolate. The blueberry sauce is enough and not too sweet. Along with the labneh they balanced the richness of the chocolate as it adds tanginess and acidity to all it. Definitely get this.I stopped by late evening,  grabbed a seat at the bar. We tried a snack from their dinner menu. The whipped feta and figs was fresh and had good flavor. A good appetizer or snack. The portion was good for 2-3 people. 
We also tried a dessert from their dinner menu. I was interested in trying the Konafi  and I wasn't disappointed. It is so delicious.
The pastries I have see online look amazing but they do not have them for sale while they are serving dinner. The space isn't large but it is airy and bright. They have a full bar as well. Looking forward to stopping by another time.This very quickly became one of my favorite spots in Philly, I was hooked from the first visit. The service is great, the interior is beautiful, and of course everything is amazing.
Pastries: I've had the rugelach, chocolate babka, chocolate chip cookie, and the pistachio sticky bun so far. All were great but the sticky bun is the clear winner for me.
Borekas: I've had all of them but my favorite is hands down the jam and sweet cheese, now I get it every single time!
Toasts: The toasts are my favorite. If you haven't had the beet toast you need to go and get it ASAP. Officially my favorite breakfast item in the city. The brown sugar ricotta and the avocado toast were fantastic as well.
Bagels: For $4, the butter & za'aatar is a steal. Understated and delicious. I was less impressed with the salmon bagel, and it has been the only thing I've tried here that hasn't wowed me.
Looking forward to trying the dinner menu!A couple of things- we came on a weekend with a stroller- yea don't do that. The place isn't very big and the seating was kind of chaotic. It was very "survival of the pounce on the table as people were leaving". It was crowded as heck and the stroller was just getting in the way. But onto the important things. The food. It was AWESOME. Because we went on a Saturday morning we got some brunch stuff- the fig toast was pretty much a dessert and so delicious. It melted in your mouth. I got the cured meat sandwich and they put this tasty pickled vegetable in it as well and I was in heaven. We also got some toast with butter and pastries. The chocolate babka and the pistachio sticky bun. It was all good. The other thing I like to mention is the staff. They were so accommodating. They were also so sweet to my kids. My eldest child drakes out cause she saw sesame seeds in her bagel and the guys said no problem and made her a butter and toast. Just really good people. So you got good food, dope ass staff and competitive seating- what more could you want?This is my absolute favorite spot in Philly. I honestly cannot recount the number of times that I've been here. Everything on the menu is amazing! And the staff at K'Far are the kindest, most friendly people ever! (Rel, Ben, Yasmin, thank u!)
If it's your first time at K'Far, i would recommend the following:
For something savory and filling: Jerusalem Bagels (every flavor is good, but the egg and cheese is my favorite)
For something sweet: Brown Sugar Ricotta Toast. The first time I had this, I could not stop saying "wow." During the warmer months they have fig, but now they've switched to pomegranate. Fig was a personal fave of mine but the pomegranate tastes delicious too!
For pastries: Swiss Chard / Jam & Cheese Boreka (so good for a grab-n-go snack), Pistachio Sticky Bun. 
For drinks: YEMENITE LATTE. Flavorful with a hint of spice and sweetness!
Weekends are usually pretty crowded, but the line moves quickly. Weekday mornings are optimal times for stopping by!Beautiful interior. Everything was outstanding. They ran out of half the menu by 1. Come early to get the bakery items. Avocado toast was spiced and flavorful. Please turn the music down. We were shouting across the table.Near, K'far, wherever you are, I believe that you should come here.
I'm not one who likes to go back to places a lot but lately every time someone asks me where I want to go for lunch, it's here. I've tried several of the grain bowls (the salmon is a standout) and bagels (they are fried like paninis), most of the borekas, the avocado toast (perfect) the pistachio sticky bun (which is amazing and sells out early so get there in the earlier side to guarantee you can get it) and I can never resist the 3 for $5 rugelach, which is absolutely incredible. The yemeni latte is delicious too!
For lunch, you line up and order at the front, they will give you your drinks and pastries (or borekas) and then give you a number for your food and a server will bring that out. It's pretty fast, but the line can get long around prime lunch time so if your time is limited I'd suggest getting there before 12. You can serve yourself water and help yourself to utensils and then bus your own table. I've mostly sat outside which is nice in the warmer months but a bit cumbersome to bring all your utensils and water out there. I'm very much looking forward to trying dinner here!
Just go. Get anything. It's all good.Their pastries, Salmon bagels and smoked trout toast are enough to keep me coming back. Haven't been for dinner but great option for a different breakfast.Went here with the love of my life.  Pro tip - she ordered while I nabbed a couple of spots - this place is popular for good reason so seating is competitive. 
I had the egg and cheese sandwich with an iced coffee.  The egg and cheese sandwich was delicious and a very unique offering of a classic, I recommend.  The iced coffee was served with a metal straw, so bonus points for loving our planet.It's not as good as Zahav or Goldies. Their breakfast menu (love the different types of toasts they have and their unique combinations) is much better than their lunch menu (salads are small in portion and subpar in taste), the pastries are delicious, The service is good, but this place is almost always filled to the brim, and there's no way to make reservations and it can be a frustrating waiting 20-30 min for a table.  Overall, I would rate this average at bestWhoever said come early or pay the price was right. I came a couple weeks after they opened hoping that the craziness subsided a little. I went at opening around 8 so it was a nice handful of people. But by the time I went out the line was super long. But hey guess it's worth it! 
I find the price of pastries in Philadelphia is absurdly high in general so now it's the norm. I got a pistachio sticky bun as well as two of the borekas. Both were amazingly flaky and flavorful, whether it was sweet or savory. And together they were a rich breakfast to get the day started. 
Glad to have stopped by and I'll definitely come back to try the other stuff!Super easy to make a reservation via their website and online booking system -- best to come with smaller parties (2-3 max) because the space is small. 
My dad and I ordered the tasting menu, priced at $48 a person. The set comes with bread and caviar, one appetizer per person, the main entreee (lamb shank), fInished with one dessert per person. 
The bread and caviar was phenomenal -- it's a yogurt/labneh dip with herbs, spices, and olive oil and the caviar in the middle and came with their sesame bagel. So delicious and easily my favorite thing from the entire meal. 
For appetizers, we got the cauliflower and the foie gras toast. Cauliflower was delicious and the sauce was delicious paired with the roasted veggies and pine nuts. I wasn't a huge fan  of the foie gras toast unfortunately because of the molasses component, but that's just me. The toast part itself was excellent and super well done -- just not my favorite flavor profile personally. I would get something else next time.
The lamb shank was SO tender, fell right off the bone. Loved it but overall was a bit too much on the sweet side for my liking with both the sour cherry and the raisins in the rice. Didn't knock my socks off, unfortunately, but was still very good.
Dessert we got the passion fruit sorbet special and the walnut cake with coffee ice cream. Good, but nothing to write home about. Passion fruit was very tart  -- if you don't like sour stuff, stay away! (I loved it)
Service was excellent and we felt well taken care of. Very beautiful interior of the restaurant and very intimate - will definitely be back for brunch! Lovely dining experience overall.I'd had my eye on this place via Instagram for a few months, and it was worth the wait! I've only come on a weekend, so I did battle the long line - make sure to bring a friend or book to help pass time!
I'm a huge chocolate chip cookie fan, and I loved theirs. I loved the hint of tahini and the soft, almost peanut butter-like texture. It could've used a bit more salt on top!
I'd only ever had rugelach from Costco (blasphemy, I know) so tasting a real one was a treat. Just a touch of sweetness. The babka was also tasty. It had a bit of citrus flavor that was enjoyable with the chocolate.
The smoked salmon Jerusalem bagel was tasty! Definitely on the salty side - I had to take a break after eating 1/4 of the bagel. It would probably taste amazing with some coffee, which I will do next time.No wonder why there's always a line. They have a good variety of pastries and bagels. Always get yourself a spiced latte. My friend had also recommend their dinner(reservation only). Can't wait to try out.I tried the slow roasted salmon bowl today, and it was absolutely delicious.  Simple, modest but adequate portion size, healthy and great for lunch.  About $16 after tip, which isn't cheap, but the quality was worth it.  Each of the components (labneh, salmon, cucumber, rice & lentil salad) was delicious on its own, but together they were fantastic.  It's nice to have something a little different and elevated from typical grain bowls you'll find downtown.  My food came fast, and the space was much bigger than I expected so I found a seat right away (although it was Friday lunch of Labor Day weekend so perhaps less crowded).  My only disappointment is they were sold out of borekas and I was really looking forward to trying them.  A good excuse to go back!  Oh, if the staff is listening, maybe turn the tunes down a bit?  I would come back all the time for business lunches if it wasn't so loud.The chef himself gave our dog a doggy bag. AND the food was absolutely fantastic. I just came back from Israel, but this is better than anywhere I went there.So worth the trip and line! This little bakery takes delicious food and mixes it with a modern ambience. We went mid-week and each got a toast and a few pastries to go. Everything was delicious with a lot of flavor. I will certainly go back here around the holidays to get pastries to bring home for everyone!Solomonov knocks it out of the park.... again! K'far truly is a village that feels like home. It's worth getting to K'Far right when they open, the pastries will still be warm and it doesn't get much better. The pistachio sticky bun is a must as are the Smoked Salmon Jerusalem Bagel! The rugelach are also amazing! I always am sure to stop in every time I'm in PA!The food is both delicious and affordable. I got the smoked salmon Jerusalem bagel the feta boreka and a coffee for only $15, and could barely finish everything. 
The smoked salmon bagel was a bit salty, but it's smoked salmon so that's usually to be expected. The bagel itself is huge and can definitely be a meal in itself. It was extremely fresh and I loved the sesame seeds and soft texture.
Originally, I wanted the egg and cheese bagel but it was sold out for the day (came at around 1pm on a Friday). It was really crowded when I came, but it is possible to snag a seat if you wait around as they have both indoor and outdoor seating in addition to a counter / bar area. Probably not good for groups, but for two people it's perfect to eat-in. Would definitely recommend checking this place out if in the area.The Jerusalem bagel with egg, cheese, and shug is probably the best breakfast sandwich I have ever had (the only competitors that come to mine are the things at Lou's Deli in SF and Mike and Patty's in Boston). It's about as close to perfection as you can get with the way the flavors and textures compliment each other. It's unctuous without being too rich. This is probably because the ratio of bagel to toppings is perfect. Like it would be a decidedly worse sandwich if they used more eggs. Really brilliant stuff. I will never go to Philly and not get one of these. The real challenge is there's other things to try there. So I think I'll be doing some hobbit style double breakfasts here.Coffee: 4.25 Out of 5
Wonderful flavor and will wake you up.
Service: 5 Out of 5
I joined my party later than expected. Servers were kind enough to check in with me. 
Environment: 5 Out of 5
Great place to decompress after a long day of work. Dinner service will be busy so expect a crowd. 
Overall: 4.5 Out of 5
Best to come here with a smaller party since they do get crowded and fast. The bar can get tight during happy hour. The place itself has a nice ambiance, come more business casualIf you want the egg and cheese on a Jerusalem bagel, you need to get there before 10:00 am. It's the first sandwich to sell out, and the most popular. Given that all of Chef Solomonov's places run like well oiled machines, it's odd that there is only one person at the register taking orders, which is why the line is always painfully long and slow moving. If you are in a rush, this is not the place to go. 
Otherwise, all the food is excellent, especially if you've spent time in Israel, or grew up around food like this (which I did). The baked goods are out of this world. It's become one of my favorite stops in the city for brunch. The Chef is a culinary genius.Really excellent food and service, everything tasted fresh. Went there for dinner and got the: cauliflower that was well seasoned really the eggplant dish and the caviar app. The bread is all made in house too! I was really stoked about this place that I had to come back for brunch. And of course it did not disappoint.Cool space Very crowded at lunchtime but the line moved quickly.  Short menu but really enjoyed What we had. Fresh raw tuna was really good very fresh. It was called Tunisian salad.  Basturemas ?  A Jerusalem  bagel, Oblong in shape excellent in taste.  With A piece of meat in the pastrami family. Tasty. Unfortunately outed of burekas. Look forward to going back