Awesome neighborhood bar with great wings. This is our go to local spot. Get bottle beers as some of the drafts aren't great tasting.Very nice crowd here. First visit was tonight. Person running the bar was great, super easy to talk to and super fast about helping us. We got one special beer and two coke&Rums for me and they were both spectacular. Strong but still not that terrible aftertaste coughing or anything. Very smooth. Crowd was nice and seemed a little busy but friendly. Definitely coming here again. Hopefully tomorrow night.I'm here right now and the music is great, the food is great. And I'm loving the blackened shrimp Caesar salad. My hubby absolutely loves the wings and the bartender/ waitress is so nice. I will definitely come back if I am in the area.I work across the street and this is by far my favorite place - the spicy steak salad is to die for and I get every time...the music is always diverse and awesome and the service and atmosphere are friendly and relaxing.  We even bring our latops and sit at the bar to work on stuff.This bar and grill is located a block away from CCP main campus. 
Try the Salmon BLT. I learned it's only available seasonally. I come here relatively frequently for lunch. I love the bartender that usually there at this time. He automatically lets me know if the Salmon BLT if available that day, which I love. Lol. Service is good and pretty quick, esp since my lunch break is only for an hour. 
Haven't been here during happy hour or evening hours, so I can't give a rating for those hours and service.This review is solely for the buffalo wings and I only took a star off because every time I go in this place, the smell of the bathroom hits me in the face. 
Having grown up in Scranton, I'm spoiled when it comes to wings. They should be meaty and succulent on the bone, have crispy skin, and a moderate slathering of buffalo sauce with an after kick of vinegar on the palate. Kelliann's achieves all of this. Served with delicious bleu cheese and a helping of celery, you can't go wrong. I've tried the wings from two others that claim to be the kings of Philly pub fare (McGillin's Ale House and Moriarty's Pub) and neither matched up.
If you're looking for great buffalo wings, this is the place for sure.Cute divey bar! The food & drinks are affordable. The best is $5 french onion soup. Great place to go to watch a sports game or to do Quizzo on Wednesday nights. Service was great!Kelliann's, a.k.a "Smellyann's," is a great neighborhood bar: always reliable for Philly sports games, late-night eats, early-morning cocktails, or even drinks with your dog (they're pet friendly!). And to the reviewer who noted that they were not vegetarian-friendly: they now offer a delicious asparagus & mozzarella sandwich with pickled long-hot peppers. It's often on the specials menu, but even if you don't see it there, the chef will be glad to make it for you as long as they have fresh asparagus in-stock.Always fun! Great food and beer selection awesome staff.  My favorite bar/restaurant in PA.Great neighborhood bar. Tap list is good--normal stuff plus some nice options like victory or yards. 
I have long been a fan of the wings here. They are just crispy enough and have a good sauce. I will say, however, the last batch I had could have been meatier. 
I also recently tried out their sandwhiches and other people at my group got salads. Great value for $7-8 per plate. Nothing gourmet, but better than the average neighborhood bar food. I would definitely come back here for a low key dinner. 
Plus, lots of outdoor seating.Oh Kelliann's...How I miss you.  I lived a block away for 2 years and it was my local bar.  It was so great to grab a quick beer after a stressful day, watch a Sunday football game there, and do weekly trivia.  My favorite tradition was that on every Friday night, we would pregame there, go to Center City, and then come back on our way home.  I miss how everyone there knew you and how the food was always quality and the people nice.  There were always some interesting characters there.  Make this your local bar!
I also have the great memory of watching the Phillies win the World Series in this bar, which pushed it from a 4 star to a 5 star:)Best bar in the area now for food and beer selection. They have 12 draft lines and their beers change often. They also get a lot of rare beers that you don't see at many places, but still offer the common domestics for those who don't enjoy craft.
They added new lunch and dinner options. My new favorite is the pork banh mi that is offered usually on Monday and Tuesday nights. But you can't go wrong with their roast beef sandwich or even their ham and gruyere melt! So delicious.Good food, strong drink for cheap, and darts. Leave pretension at the door please. Yes, the fire of 2010 definitely was a good excuse to spruce up the bathroom and clear out the clutter. The strong points are still there. They've even capitalized on the event by making "We're on fire" t-shirts. I get the cranberry and goat cheese salad every time and it has yet to disappoint.Super bar with very friendly staff. Control your own music! Good craft beer selection and lots of stuff on tap.Great neighborhood spot.
Must try the burger!
Tasty food, good service and moderately priced beer. Strong drinks and nice patrons.A little small, and a bit dive-like, but still very nice place during the week!Went here, had a pint and some wings. The wings were average, not anything spectacular like the menu would have you believe. Small place, but nice to go watch the game at.Nice bar. Decent craft beet selection. Asked dude on way in about the wings, gave me the thumbs up, so I ordered them. Appropriately sized, cooked correctly, and spicy (I ordered hot). Not suicide hot, but they don't claim to be. Hot sauce was good but seemed jarred. If hot sauce tasted legit I'd give 5 stars.I am a dive/grungy/comfy bar type of person, but all the things I like about dives/grungy bars don't at all apply to this place. Service was completely absent and inattentive, food was absolutely, utterly disgusting (how do you mess up chicken tenders? They tasted like freezer-burnt plastic patties.) and it was not well priced at all and actually cost as much as a nice dinner out would. Not sure how this place has four stars, but I'd advise all to go to any of the other great nearby dive bars in this area!Best wings I ever had!!! Very crispy outside; juicy inside. Burger and chicken club very good as well. Worth a trip to North PhillyI came in for dinner on a Friday night and got the buffalo chicken sandwich and fries. The meal was really good and I was all-around satisfied. Unfortunately, on Sunday night I ordered the exact same meal. The sandwich was significantly smaller, came on not-as-good bread, and they forgot the side of blue cheese (or ranch? I wasn't sure). As an extra little treat, I found a sharp piece of metal in my fries.I didn't come here expecting anything. A friend promised me wings and a beer on a Friday night. I walked away from Kellianns having eaten one of the best pork tenderloin sandwiches ever. I'm hooked!!Surprisingly good food here.  Especially for a local bar.
We had salads with grilled chicken, pecans, dried cranberries and goat cheese crumbles.  All for $6.95.
It does reek of beer though.
And the service was excellent.  A cool lady bartender with "Trust Me" and 2 crossed handguns tattooed across her chest.  She was cool!
Considering that I now work right across the street, I will likely be a lunch time regular.I was a pretty frequent guest at Kelliann's before I burned some bridges, and then well Kelliann's burned down...no connection... But this spot is pretty solid as long as the crowd isn't whack, that said on a good night you could pretty much dictate the vibe, which is always a good thing.  The owners a drunk too, so talk to him and he'll throw you a couple of drinks.
Warning: watch out for egocentric bartenders.TORCHED?!? A fire has seriously damaged my local...
My bar is gone... what's gonna happen to me?Nice dive with good cheap drinks. Good outside seating in the summer. I wouldnt recommend dinner here thoughThis place definitely smelled like an old bar rag but I enjoyed myself. They make a decent burger and they have a great draft selection. The bartender was really friendly and fast. I'd come back.Ok. I can't lie. I spend entirely too much time here. When I first moved to Philadelphia 3 years ago, this was the bar I came to and somehow immediately became friends with everyone that drinks there. I eat dinner here. I drink lager here. I fall and break my face here. 
Recently, they have the bucket of high life for cheap. The shots are massive. The owner is a friendly guy. The bartenders are awesome folks as well.
So its a neighborhood bar, but we welcome all kinds. Pop in and help me make over the jukebox in God's image. Or lose at quizzo to Kant Telltime and the Broken Watch Band.Had a beer with a couple of friends the other day here.  It's a cozy, small place with a couple of outdoor tables.  The bartender was friendly too.  I should come back for this Quizzo that Meg and Meredith are talking about.Corner bar with traditional pub atmosphere & surprisingly good food.  Highly recommend the blackened chicken.Decent prices and good location for center city and Fairmount people, but awful cheese fries.Good beer selection, awesome staff, quick service and phenomenal cheesteaks make this my favorite Irish bar in the city. Definitely worth checking out!I'm finally getting around to reviewing this place. I'm lazy.
It is what it is: A true neighborhood bar. The best part of Kelliann's is that it doesn't try to be something it's not -- and I like that. I've been going here since the mid 90's. In the past few years, though, it's really come into it's own. I know 90% of the people that frequent this place. I can go on any night, by myself, and know I will run into friends and neighbors... and we'll hang out, chew the fat and get sauced. I don't get that community feeling from any other bar in our neighborhood.
The prices are really reasonable and the food is good, cheap bar fare with large portions. I recommend the Ahi Tuna Burger with spicy mayo, the Cranberry Salad w/ chicken and goat cheese, and the Sliders. All the bartenders know how to make a really good cocktail.Bartenders were nice pouring good drinks. Good country music on the sound system with games playing. Ordered the chicken cranberry salad with raspberry vinaigrette and was surprised at how fresh and large it was. Would order again and will definitely be back. Small dive bar but comfortable and easy to relax in.Hard to park but go around back to do it. Quite little Irish pub. They also serve food. Have a Guinne and enjoyKellyann's has bar food that is really good. Their portions are very generous, enough for leftovers for a second day. Their French onion soup is topped with cheese and croutons.  We liked their meat loaf with mashed potatoes - comfort food.  Staff is friendly and happy to help.  Nice neighborhood feel across from Community College, the Colonnade and Masterman school.Great corner bar, friendly bartenders, and relaxing atmosphere. This bar is the quintessential neighborhood corner bar. They serve my favorite irish whiskey, Clontarf, which very few Irish bars in Philly actually have. Haven't had anything but a great time here, can't wait to go again!Have been back here twice for lunch... ordered the grilled chicken salad w/cranberries, goat cheese, and pecans on both occasions. So good and bonus points for being good for you. My coworkers have ordered various sandwiches which they really liked. A solid option for lunch.This is an awesome little corner bar. Granted I live 30 seconds from it, but having it there is a gem. The food is awesome, the atmosphere is what it's supposed to be, a chill, laid back divey Irish bar. If you want upscale and martini's go to Rittenhouse, if you want good food, a solid beer selection, and great people from the neighborhood then you have found the place you want to be.I like their pierogies. The food is average but the menus changes with the season. The price of beer is pretty fair- don't order mixed drinks. It is nice to sit outside in the fall to watch people pass by at night. It can get loud and it can get a bit obnoxious outside, but it's not their fault. City View Pizza is right next door.  It's a good bar to go to when you don't feel like dealing with fancy menus and people. It's the grit bar. P.S. The old trough is under the bar, take a looksie at it because it is cool- but beware, the actual bathroom is tiny.I think that while Kelliann's looks like it would only be good for a few cheap bud lights and and standard bar fare, it deserves a lot more credit than that.  Considering everything in Fairmount is getting pricier by the second, Kelliann's has remained true to it's dive bar feel while consistently serving up some good, quality better-than-bar-food.  Their selection of sandwiches (um, chicken breast sandwich with asparagus... hello lovah) is great and they're all reasonably priced.  Their fries are always super crispy and thin, and their happy hour specials are great.  This is most definitely my favorite spot for a last minute meal.Small place, pretty packed for lunch, one bartender/server was helping everyone in  the whole place. I thought he did an excellent job staying on top of everyone and we got our order taken and our food fairly quickly.
Unfortunately the special burger (with blue cheese and bacon) was just okay. I ordered mine medium and it was well done, so it was a bit dry for my tastes. The bun was a little tough too. My friend ordered the same thing as I did but asked for no cheese, so instead of charging the same price as the special ($6.95 I think) he charged her for a hamburger with bacon on it ($10 for the hamburger and $2 for the bacon). Soooo, she got less stuff on it and paid almost twice as much? LAME. 
I'd give the server 4 stars for his quick service, but the food wasn't that great and the pricing policy sucks.I have mixed feelings about this bar. 
The food is always great, and honestly if I'm going out with the intent to eat (as opposed to environment/drink specials) then I tend to choose this spot. The drinks are average priced, and the bartenders are either great or not so much.
The place has a pretty nice feel to it, and plenty of outside seating. I don't think I've ever seen this place packed which to me is nice.  But what gets me is the music. I've considered leaving earlier than I wanted to a number of times because I just couldn't stand the music.
So every time I've been there I've popped in for a quick bite and a couple beers, and split.I had not heard of this place until a buddy of mine had an art showing here. I have to say it's. new favorite. The cosmos were bigger than I anticipated and the sandwiches were really good and relatively cheap. I would go back for their cosmos and draft beer.Have worked in the area for 3 years and have passed over this place many times. Wow, was I WRONG. Great selection of beers on tap, simple and tasty (and reasonably priced) menu. I highly recommend the Blackened Chicken with Roasted Pepper and Provolone. It's one of the best I've ever had.There is a reason this place got only 4 stars. The men's room is really small.  I have a 54 inch waist and I had a hard time turning around.
Other than that I liked the place.Sat at bar.  Ordered a burger off the specials menu that had long hots (the pepper) in it.  It was slammin.
The fries were really thin/crispy/great as well.
The beer was wet!  Outdoor seating looked cool!
Yeah, eatin food!Oh Kelliann's- how I love thee. We used to come here all the time, back when the ceiling was disgusting, the bathrooms were deplorable, and the food was close to a miracle considering the size of the kitchen. Then there was a small fire, which might have been their saving grace, as they took that time they had to close to make some much-need repairs! 
They redid the ceilings, took the dark green shutters off of the windows (I see the light!), and spruced up the bathrooms (to include no longer being able to hear the opposite sex peeing...). The kitchen is still tiny and the food is still great. The beers are your standard selection with a few craft beers in the coolers.
I'm partial to the chicken cheese steaks, the coconut shrimp salad special, and the meatloaf special. They have a rotating specials menu, the bartenders bust their butts to make sure you don't go thirsty, and the crowd is downright congenial, very much like Cheers and NORM! 
Special Note: There's outdoor seating! Also, they have a local artist's work on the walls and they are usually impressive. There's a long mirror behind the bar, so you can usually catch a glimpse of everything behind you no matter where you're sitting. Also, they have one of those new-fangled bar games thats hooked up to the digital jukebox :-) Perfect for when your significant other starts getting hammered and ignoring you...With the bar being across the street from my apartment I find myself here pretty often.  The wings are great and the beer selection is solid.  It's what a corner bar should be.  There's typically only 1 bartender/server so when it get busy you'll have to wait a while for drinks.  It's definitely worth visiting, try the wings, you won't be disappointed.I used to live a block from this place, they have really good burgers and fries, three huge tv's, and a neighborhood feel.  We used to pregame here because they put a decent amount of liquor in mixed drinks and they are super cheap.I had a load of fun here.   There was just a "normal" crowd.  I asked the bartender if it was normally not so busy on Fridays and he said it was the summer crowd.  Still I like me a dead bar in the summer.  Keeps the jerks at bay.
 They have a satellite jukebox which means that Big Drew can scare the squares with a Madonnathon and other not super straight music.  It was fun.
I bought 6 sliders instead of 3 because i felt HUNGRY.  3 hit the spot just fine though and other people finished the rest.    They were really good sliders though.  They were all cooked medium rare.. not over broiled like most places.
Overall...would go back again and again.I've ridden my bike past Kelliann's at least a hundred times.  And while that's no exaggeration, I didn't know the name of this place until I visited last week.  If you're unclear of the spot I'm referring to, you may know it as I did: "Crappy Irish place on the corner of 16th and Spring Garden."  But my previous title and judgement were way off the mark.
This place is pretty small; a long bar greats you at the door and runs almost the entire length of the skinny space. Some outdoor seating surely helps this place from seeming too crowded.  Upon entering, I looked towards the taps to judge the place.  Some regular locals, plus Sam Adams, a few Irish brews, and the real star of the day, Spaten Octoberfest.  This is a tasty beer, and at $5 for a 20 oz mug (in proper glassware, if that's your thing) it was a great deal.  Overall, the beer list is nothing special, but you should be able to find something that will pacify if not satisfy. 
The place doesn't have much atmosphere for itself, but it surely has an interesting collection of patrons. Off duty nurses, construction workers, staff and students from nearby CCP, and folks like myself are elbow to elbow at the bar.  To help me feel more at home, our bartender was friendly welcoming, and attentive.
Looking at the menu, I received the biggest shock.  Almost everything on the menu was between 5 and 7 dollars, and included items such as a cheeseburger, turkey club, 10 piece chicken wings, steak sandwich, and the likes.  Not incredible food, but decent food at a good price.  I had a few wings, which were solidly average, but enjoyable.  The turkey club was also good, and included a ridiculous amount of sliced turkey, and was topped with cheese.  I'd eat here again.  
Bottom Line:  Kelliann's isn't amazing. But the good deals on food and beer, coupled with good service and real people make this an enjoyable joint.  Everyone should at least give it a chance.Things you need to know:
At 9:00pm the wings are only 25 cents a piece. Grab a plate--they're tasty, and the celery is fresh.
The chowder is not amazing, but it is good.
Lager here is $3.50 a glass, and most other taps are $5.00. Pretty average pricing if you ask me.
The place was packed last Tuesday when I went for the first time. There is a lot of bar space, though, and a bunch of tables. Be prepared to stand, like most of the patrons.
The jukebox is one of those modern Internet variations. Get ready for a wide variety of tunes.
The bathrooms are small, and pretty nasty, but the graffiti more than makes up for it.
Great clientele, too. Definitely not the hippest place, though it's no drag either. Twenty-somethings and older made up the crowd, making for a rather mature, up-beat atmosphere.A fun place to have a drink and some food while watching a game. We went here several nights in a row and each bartender was friendly and made the atmosphere lively. Lots of locals stop by at the end of the day to have a beer, a good sign and testament to the atmosphere of this bar. I had a chicken sandwich with fries and was satisfied with the meal. Typical bar grub but very tasty.If it is one place i miss it is def kelliann's bar. We used to live a few blocks from there and it was a great place to go have some drinks and take up the touch tunes. We used to shove $60 in it and play next haha. We will be sure to stop in and see all our fav bartenders soon. We will miss Pat and all the bartenders!good for beer, nice tap selection on niche crafts... was not too thrilled bout my hot wings, barely some meat on some of the drums ... overall good pricing for a local bar and eats ...This is one of the first places I went to after I moved to the city.  I've had several items from the menu and liked everything but the crab soup. My favorite is probably the blackened burger with hand cut french fries.  They have several beers on tap, including two of my favorites, Guinness and Blue Moon. As far as liquor selection they seem to have just about anything you could possibly drink.
What's really cool about this place is that it doesn't matter where you are from. If you hang out here and talk to people, they will talk back to you. You won't be ignored or made to feel uncomfortable. Its a real nice atmosphere. There are a couple of regulars in just about every day if not every day on the weekend so you always end up knowing someone there.  And if you are really lucky you'll get to see the crazy Trinidadian do his dance(he's really good).Thanks for being not busy during Erin Express. I didn't have to wait a single moment to use your restroom, it wasn't too busy, I didn't get drinks but I heard they were affordable, and your buffalo wings were to die for. Also, best blue cheese to come with buffalo wings I've ever had at a bar. Your fries were tiny and greasy and yet they had an allure to them. This was my favorite stop, my longest stop, and I hope to come back many times, regardless of your trek from my West Philadelphia apartment.
Charming crowd, also.Once again, the champ has returned. In my hey day, I have received bean pies, e-winks and kisses, and in person airborne high fives for my highly erotic Philly reviews. Bros, stop it. I'm rockin Allen Edmonds. I cant be about my hangtime in some oxfords.
Real talk though, REVIEWS. I miss that feeling. I miss that passion. That euphoria.
The three corporate jobs that I have admittedly drained my energy, but im off that.  I've decided to step up my stamina for you, because I love you. Yall my homeskillets, and we're about to get it poppin and get it greasy and put on our game faces.
KelliAnns. I like Kellianns. I used to live in Sierra Leone, lookin for diamonds for Kanye, but now I live next door to Kellianns. Life is a bitch.
Beers next door to my residence? Automatic three stars. Whorehouse? Are the women clean? No.  Ugh.. But wait hold up.. do you sell beers? Yes! Automatic three stars. TL;DR : BEER = 3 STARS.
On forward. The interior of kellianns is well designed. I love the way I look, no menswearhouse., yah mean. Im forever suited and booted, so the ability to look/wink/point and nod at myself in a large ass mirror with a hoegaarden is a plus. Forget the people here. Its all about you. It's so all about you.
Like Batmans parents, this place is DEEAAADDD. FOREVER. I just got off work, and I walked into this place with my left hand wrapped around my chin all like "God  DAYUM, how can I increase the traffic in this muhsucka." I quickly disregarded those thoughts. I'm OFF WORK.
I wanna just chilll... to the next episode.
Im out here now, 6:37,  Wednesday June 20th, 2012, in a cheap ass chair outside that's bruising this very masculine and .... flat behind... Wait this girl just passed me with some dirty ass chucks.. [face_mischief]
And im trying to grasp the appeal of this place. Def not a destination spot. Def not a spot where you can drink around interesting people. Def not a spot where you can bring friends. Well, unless you hate your friends. They'll be glancing at their wrists.. err excuse me.. it's 2012, looking at their cell phones for the time, like, " Yo, bro, finish dat drink so we can roll."
And you're all like "whoa whoa.. this place is kinda nic.."
And they'll all simultaneously shake their heads no. And you cant say anything.
You just accept your loss, and just walk away.
Just walk away.Stopped in last night for the first time and it won't be the last! We didn't eat but menu looks good and food I saw nearby looked appetizing. The beer list was great, bartenders super nice and friendly. It is a great local bar-we live about 4 blocks away so will be back!This is one of my go-to spots - the vibe is always pretty chill, the service good, and the food very cheap and pretty decent. Can't beat the $10 bucket of Miller High Life special!We just moved to the neighborhood and decided to catch a late dinner with drinks here a few nights ago.  Everything about this place is three-star worthy:
They have a decent selection of beers on tap, but they're a little overpriced.  A pet peeve of mine is not having much of a description of the craft beers, and Kelliann's falls victim to this mistake.
The food menu is nice for a late night bar meal.  Everything is grilled or fried, so don't expect anything too fancily prepared.  The star of the menu is the meatloaf.  It's delicious, grilled, and moist.  The spinach and fries are excellent as well, but it would be nice to see a mash or mac n' cheese as an option.  All the sandwiches are good, but not great, and the wings very good (a little hotter than you may expect).  
Nothing wrong with Kelliann's, but nothing extraordinary enough to make this my go-to bar.  The exploration will continue.This bar has an awesome dive-barrish quality. They have trivial pursuit and free dvds. I've been here several times and always had fast, friendly service. Yesterday's visit was especially remarkable as it was the most crowded I've ever seen the bar and our server Katie still got our food and drinks to us in record time and was incredibly attentive. The food is standard bar food but done well. I'll definitely be back!I love Kelliann's. It's been my regular hangout since I moved here almost 5 years ago. We've lived in the Spring Garden District for the majority of our time here, so my boyfriend and I just like to walk over to Kelliann's for a hangout. 
Personally, I do NOT like college crowds. I prefer to go places where I can feel relaxed and hangout without having to shout to be heard. Kelliann's can *usually* provide that, with the occasional mess of people. I'm not really sure what brings them -- it feels really random to me. But I guess that's a good, because it shows that the bar attracts a really diverse crowd. I've been there when it was just a few guys sitting around after work watching a hockey game; when it was filled with Eagles fans shouting drunkenly at the flat screens; when it was filled with people from the CW Building across the street, having wine after work; and when it's been filled with what seems like an overflow from the Old City crowd. 
Kelliann's always has really friendly, personable bartenders though, including the owner of the place who will occasionally buy a round on the house when it's a room full of regulars. The food selection is pretty good [their chicken Caesar salad is the best thing I've ever eaten], though they close the kitchen pretty early [around 10 or so, I think]. As far as entertainment, they have a live band there every Sunday night, and the rest of the time it's between the radio, jukebox [if the patrons are feeding it], or whatever sporting event is on the flat screens.
My only problem with the place is the size -- it's a teeny little Celtic bar and the very definition of a hole int he wall. But it's definitely always clean and crisp.Such a fan of this place!! Incredible service from such a genuinely nice bartender. I've been here a few times and have never been disappointed by the prices, food, beer, service, or even the music they play! Everything is GREAT especially for a neighborhood bar! However if you're looking for anything more than a cheap dive bar/your go-to neighborhood bar, I'd pick another place.I come here often before softball games. Dive bar-ish scene which is right up my alley, complete with photohunt and outdoor seating. It's a very relaxed atmosphere so sometimes it's hard to get the bartenders attention.
My advice, stick to the beer and wine and stay away from mixed drinks. Numerous times they get the order wrong and the pours are just way off..most times leaving the drink way too strong to enjoy. 
For food, I've had the burger and wings. The burger was cooked correctly and the ciabatta bun was amazing. Sometimes the bun overpowered the burger but that's OK. And no complaints with the wings. 
You can't beat the prices here... $7 for a burger with fries. I mean come on. I loved it. I'll probably stick to just drinking here as it's dirty inside and sometimes not conducive to eating a full meal, for me at least. I'll keep coming back before games.It's back open again! Dig! 
So if I were to write a review about it, let me share this: cleanliness is godliness. In this area, Kelliann's has improved considerably. The bathroom is still small, but feels much cleaner, and isn't that what you really want from a bathroom?
And though the bar has just been varnished, and that might explain it, it doesn't smell like rancid beer. I mean, I never noticed it... I may have been too close. Frankly, I never cared. It's about booze.
Otherwise same bar, same crowd, same things I've missed for over a month. Good to be back, hope to see you here!Came in tonight to grab a late night beer. It was stone dead, maybe 10 people in there yet the bartender took a strong 5-7 minutes to even acknowledge my existence. He finally strolled over to ask me what I wanted. 
It was close to last call and I had finished my first Hoegarrden fairly quickly. I expected him to be a little more attentive considering there were only 5-7 people actually seated at the bar. 
Anyway, I had 2 Hoegarrdens and left. 
I guess an alright place to grab a beer if you live close but definitely not a destination place you make plans to go to. 
Overall a disappointment each of the 3 times I've come here post-fire and partial renovation.The food was pretty good for bar food! However, I got the hard pear cider to drink and it was flat and not good. It is a good place to go and relax and have a drinkThere is a lot to like about Kelliann's. 
The food is good and cheap and served late in large portions. 
It has a nice neighborhood bar feel. I'd describe it as a nicer dive bar, but with good food.
Almost every time I go there I get good service. 
The beer selection is good (but not great) and they are not stingy with their liquor either.  
There is a sizable outside section which is handy considering the bar is rather small. 
My only complaints is their habit of playing commercial radio when no one is pumping money into the jukebox. I'm not picky about what music is playing in a bar, but I just don't like to listen to obnoxious commercials while i'm drinking. 
If you live in the neighborhood you should definitely check this place out!The Ultimate Irish Corner Bar.  Maybe the McSorley's of Philadelphia?
Went there for the first time today and was very impressed.  Kelliann's attracts a diverse crowd that included business people, carpenters, college students and everything inbetween.  The bar looks inviting the the subway tile floors remind me of New York City.
Since this was only lunch, my table had only food.  I opted for the barbecue cheddar chicken sandwich and fries.  My chicken was a nice portion of white breast of chicken and was actually grilled and not just put on a stove top.  The barbecue sause was a little lacking, but the chicken had great flavoring from the grill.  The fries were also amazing as they had a flavor tinge of McDonald's fries (and yes that is a good thing).  The fries were thin and crispy and seemed to be homemade (can anyone verify this?).  Service was adequate and most tables were occupied.  Definitely a great place for lunch or possibly happy hour in that neighborhood.Since Kelliann's is in close proximity to my apartment, I find myself in here pretty often for late-night drinks on weekends. However, it wasn't until this past Wednesday that I realized I should have been coming here every week. One word: Quizzo! Had the lovely Meg C. never informed me of this phenomenon, it probably would have taken much longer to pop my Quizzo cherry. Let me just tell you, it was everything I had always dreamed it would be (without the pain, bleeding, or premature ejaculation!).
The crowd at Kelliann's is very neighborly. In fact, I walked in on Wednesday night and was greeted by my across-the-street neighbor, which was a nice and unexpected surprise (and we just so happened to need two more people for our Quizzo team!). You won't meet a nicer bunch of locals than at this bar. I remember back to the first time I ever came here, and almost immediately upon entering I was asked by a drunken local woman for a hug. You don't experience that often in Philly. 
I have yet to try the food here, but if it's as good as I hear it is, I won't be too stingy in awarding it its fifth star. With friendly and attentive bar staff, reasonable drink prices, a fun-loving crowd, and a prime location, Kelliann's leaves little to be desired. As far as dive bars go, this place gets two thumbs up in my book.I've eaten here several times with coworkers.  When it comes to ordering, I can only choice between a salad or two.  The menu is not vegetarian friendly.  I make it a point to ask if there are any substitutions they can make.  My hope is that they just received some veggie burgers in the kitchen.  And that it's not been added to the menu yet. But everything time, I'm left with picking between two salads.
With earth day a few weeks away, my hope is that they'll add some green meatless options to the menu.  And if they do, I'll happily try them and update this review.Came here with a few coworkers for happy hour last week since its close to our office and had outdoor seating. The prices for both food and drinks are pretty reasonable. Hoegaarden on tap? Yes, please. The chicken fingers and an order of fries is enough for two people to share.. which is what we did. It was your standard bar food.. not bad but also nothing to rave about. It's a good spot for happy hour.Small place with a lot of personality. Good location for a quick ride into the city on the train or trolley. I come on Wednesday's for their wings, beer, and quizzo specials. The intimate setting makes room for only so many teams, and some days it's packed to the brim. Crowd is grad school age and up, more sophisticated than Temple and college bars, but still sporty and fun. 
Waitstaff are all super chill and quick with the food, drinks, and have good recommendations. Wings are worth the price and they have more than one flavor, which isn't typical of wing night bars so I love that. Trivia is slightly unique but super attainable if you come with a friend or 3! Great prizes, and 3rd place gets shots! 
Also some outdoor seating on the warmer days of its packed or if you want some fresh air, nothing special but it's an option. Try the teriyaki wings and french fries!It is about time I laid down a serious review for Kelliann's. I have lost enough rounds of Quizzo here to be able to assess the situation.
First off, the space is small and the tables tend to be close together. During busy nights, it can get a bit cramped. However, the friendly patrons make the tight squeeze feel less awkward. Like Meredith said, this is a neighborly bar whose customers are almost always from our hood. That said, Kelliann's is not at all pretentious or trying to be a gastropub (thank god).
The food tends to be good and cheap. The sliders are great, they come with fresh-cut fries and they're only $6. I also had a grilled tuna burger here that was wonderful with the spicy sauce with which it was served. Salads are surprisingly fresh and the portions are generous. 
The beer menu is the usual suspects- Yards, Guinness, Yuengling, Sam Adams, ect. However, Deb is a great bartender. She mixes strong drinks with precision and speed.This place is like my home. It's cozy bar with friendly staff. The prices are okay. They don't have specials nor happy hours, but overall it's okay as their prices are good. The food is great too!Every morning I walk by Kellianns and noticed the delivery of bread. On a few occasion all of the bread was thrown across the floor. I don't step foot in the place anymore.  The bathrooms are nasty.Good food, laid back atmosphere. Came here on a Tuesday night for the first time. I got the chicken Caesar wrap and my boyfriend got the chicken buffalo sandwich. Both were very yummy and affordable.My friends and I stopped in after the NFL draft. The service was great and our food came out quickly. We all ordered wings. I got the garlic Parmesan wings and they tasted good at the time. Unfortunately that is where the positive portion of this review ends. I got food poising from them and was miserably sick all night. I have never been so sick in my life. Cleanliness and proper food prep is so important, even in dive bars. For the sake of never feeling like that again, I won't be coming back to this place.Moved to the area recently and love to find me a little corner bar to hit up. 
The wings at this place are pretty good and the staff are friendly!!
Check them out