I came here to buy a sandwich on my way home from work. I am really into the avocados recently so I ordered the chicken and avocado sandwich which was huge! I ate half when I got home and then half later in evening. The bread was amazing, but the honey mustard was a little more spicy than I was expecting, not terrible I just wasn't expecting it. So overall the sandwich was great. (Shout out to Memo for making a great sandwich!)
The reason I have to deduct a star is in regards to the grocery section of Kennedy Food Garden. I have attempted to buy strawberries on multiple occasions, but found that many of them had fungus growing on them. So just make sure you check your produce before you buy it! 
I will stop by here again for the sandwiches.Great little market/deli, tend to have a decent selection of dry and fresh goods. They have a good selection of spices, sauces, and other items if you need something asap. Cashiers are friendly and a lot of the shoppers live close by. Produce can be hit or miss, but everything I've gotten here has been ok. Hours are convenient and it's easy to stop by from Suburban Station or 30th St Station.This place has good produce, better than trader joe's, but I'm here to talk about sandwiches people!  They had phenomenal baguettes and although I am a total meat eater I order their herb and brie business on a roll and love every second of it.  Seriously, it's secretly one of the best gourmet sandwich spots in the city.   They do melts and have crazy dressings to put on your sandwhich, I live near there, but i seriously wish i worked near there instead so i could eat lunch there every day.
If you live or work on West Market, hit it up!You make a delicious sandwich and I'll be a fan. You put said sandwich on a french baguette and I'll shortly become the duke.
Now it's early in my reign, and I'm sure I will be dethroned at some point, but the reason this place is so good is their combination of great ingredients with that amazing bread. They're friendly, quick, affordable, close to work (plus for me), and double as a grocery store. What more could you ask for?I am very thankful to Kennedy Food Garden for being there over the years.
Rebecca at the front counter and the deli guys are friendly and service oriented.
The shrimp salad is still a fave as well as the kasha and potato knishes.
I can get milk, juice and sliced fruits and veggies here in a pinch.
They are my winter savior!Old school deli sandwiches piled high with ingredients and massive salads. 
I always get the chicken avocado lettuce tomato with honey dijon on a baguette. Soft ripe avocado and real chicken. 
You can ask for a medium salad the regular or large size is just way too much. 
Don't let the "this needs a renovation" look get to you it's the best deli around.Two words, consistently good - and I mean that in every sense. The sandwiches are delicious and the ingredients fresh and put together in perfect combination. Not to mention the fact that it's a full size deli and catch-all grocery store. 
My suggested sandwiches:
HOT - go with the chicken parm on French baguette. Although its more of a chicken pizza steak, with chunks of chicken rather than breaded cutlets, it's super tasty. Smothered with tangy marinara sauce and mozzarella cheese, you can almost make 2 meals of it.
COLD - get the veggie sandwich, again served on French baguette. All veggie? You think that won't suffice? But you're wrong, because it will. It has tomato, banana peppers, cucumbers, avocado, sun-dried tomato, romaine, huge chunks of feta, and mayo - it's a hearty helping that's fresh and filling.
In other words, anything on the French baguette is a safe bet for a delicious lunch.
Lest I forget - the delicious pickles. Get a side or you'll regret it.This is as good as it gets for a center city market and deli.  I have loved this place for years, and today I found one more reason to love it. I skipped lunch and then got hungry late in the dday.  Kennedy makes the best salads for the best price anywhere in Center City Philadelphia. So, I called at 3:00 in the afternoon, asked if they could make me a salad with lots of vegetables, and by 3:10 it was in my hands.  For about $5.00 I got the biggest, most delicious salad that I could imagine.  The vegetables were so plentiful that I did not order or use any salad dressing.  Because the deli is adjacent to the market, I  shopped for a few staples I needed at home for dinner tonight. 
The deli, by the way, makes a large number of vegan and vegetarian salads and sandwiches.  It also has a wide variety of fresh produce, along with a freezer full of food and shelves filled with staples. I could probably live only on food purchased from Kennedy as it contains all of the things I use and eat.  
Fortunately for me, I can walk from work to Kennedy.  Parking is sometimes challenging on the block, but if you go north on 20th Street, you sometimes find a place to park.I eat here at least six times a month and always find myself with more than I can eat for lunch, my typical meal here. Their whole wheat baguette is a great meal vehicle and their meats, veggies and deli-cious sides are a sure-fire, super-duper value.
I love how they hussle the sometimes long lines through ordering process. They are good people who make an honest living making guys like me happy :)
Dinner Note: their rottersserie chickens are a great deal for afterwork meals.Reliable little deli/market. I've never been disappointed by anything that I've ordered. My go to is their harvest chicken sandwich. There salads are also a great option.Went there for the first time earlier in the week and had a panini that was awesome. So I decided to go there today and order something different. I ordered the Hot Pita Pocket Tuna Cheddar Sandwich.  When I got back to my office and unwrapped it, the smell was so awful and the look of the sandwich so disgusting I had to throw it in the trash.  Needless to say, I will be going back but will never order this most disgusting sandwich.  It should be taken off the menu.the e salads here are truly large and delicious! they are fresh, always about to burst, and have such a nice mix of vegetables. all the salads come with bell peppers, olives, and croutons. i generally get the grilled chicken salad with basil vinegarette.  never disappointed.  i love the piece of bread they give too! 
and they have a great selection of national brand foods. i generally shop at trader joes so the grocery side of kennedy food makes me really happy because it reminds me of the big, nice safeway stores in california.got a plain Cesar salad did not even think a Cesar salad could be bad. I was wrong. It was soggy and gross with olives that had pits. Yuck!! Will not be going backWe call this place the Kennedy Deli.  Its basically half grocery store/ half restaurant.  I've never bought anything at the grocery portion of the store but they do have a wide selection of stuff, raging from produce to laundry detergent.  I guess its mostly meant for all the elderly people that live in the building.  
OK, onto the grub.  This place serves big food.  Big in terms of portions.  Order a sub and you'll eat half immediately and then have the other half for your next meal or better yet, split it with a friend.  Even the wraps are gigantic at this place.  They have your normal selection of hoagies, grinders, wraps and salads like every other deli in Philly, but one of my favorite things to get there are the Knishes.   To those of you who do not know the utter satisfaction that radiates from these little bundles of joy, I truly feel sorry for you.  Wiki that shit and start living.
The Kennedy Deli has like 5 or 6 different kinds of Knishes, for real, we're talking meat filled ones, broccoli, potato, cheese and broccoli,  and spinach just to name a few.  
For real, this is how i do, split a sandwich with a friend and each of you, get a knish and start living.  
(and yes, i truly mean what I'm saying)
 if you've never eaten a knish, then have one at Kennedy and start livingOrdered cranberry walnut chicken salad, it came out as chicken salad with walnuts and cranberries on top of lettuce. I explained I wanted salad with grilled chicken and they gladly remade it for me. However, the salad I got was not what I was expecting. It had lettuce, grilled chicken, and craisins, but no walnuts. There was every other ingredient you could possibly add (carrots, peppers, cucumbers, etc), none of which were on the menu. Everything was fresh, just not what I wanted.Kennedy Food Garden is still a gem after all of these years. For some reason, it popped into my head today, and I went there for lunch. The place has not changed one bit in 10 years, and that's a good thing! 
It has everything that a proper deli should have... Huge sandwiches and salads, bagels, homemade soup, knishes, and the list goes on and on!  And if that's not enough for you, you can also buy rotisserie chicken and side dishes for your meal.
I had an avocado pasta salad that really should've been three salads. It was chock-full of Romaine lettuce, fresh vegetables, pasta, avocado, and a delicious basil vinaigrette dressing. All of this with a bottle of water for $10! My partner had a turkey sandwich that really should've been two sandwiches.  And it's not just quantity here... The quality is spot on!
Also need groceries? There's a small market right next to the deli.  
It's your call whether you want to eat in or take it to go.  Not much seating in a not very exciting environment.OK so I am still a fan of their salads. HOWEVER, the past few times I have ordered from here the prices changed...substantially, and not by a mere 50 cents but more like a few dollars! 
It's like they just pick a random amount to charge you. One day my salad was almost $7 and the next time it was almost $10 and then it will go back down again...Makes no sense to me.The tuna salad sandwich is insane!  It's loaded with tons of fresh veggies (i.e., onions, peppers, and lettuce).  The baguette is ridiculously good.  There's a subtle sauce that's not the least bit overpowering.  There's also something slightly sweet - maybe the peppers?  With every single bite, the flavors were singing in my mouth.  I am actually salivating at this very moment.  
So glad this place is only one block from my office!  :)
P.S. Flavor profile modifications: I think I requested no mayo, vinegar, and pepper jack cheese.  I also added black pepper to the sandwich at the table.  
P.P.S.  The portions are huge!  You could easily split a sandwich with someone else or save half for later.I love this place so much!  I order lunches from here when I am ordering with my office and the sandwiches are super duper fresh, good bread, good quality ingredients, they are well priced and they deliver!!!!! 
They have a veg cheesesteak which you can veganize easily!  Though I don't order that bc I just get the fresh veg sandwich with avocado and hummus - it's packed with amazing veggies and sun dried tomatoes!!  They have seitan and salads and really work with you to customize a dish. 
Extra touches- great beverage selection and Delish pickles.  
Also they have absolutely never messed up a delivery- seriously!!! That's amazing considering the weird substitutions I request!
  I look forward to our office lunch ordering days because I know the food is coming from a great spot!Great sandwiches and huge salads!!!! Be prepared for a crowd during lunch, but totally worth it!Got the cheesesteak, tasted more like a roast beef sandwich than a cheesesteak but it wasn't bad. Price was good for the city, I'd go back for that reason alone.No atmosphere - but pretty decent grub - 3.5 stars really, but I feel generous and will give them 4.  The atmosphere is about a 2.
I love the Kasha Knishes here - warmed up they taste almost like the ones I'd get out in Brooklyn.  They also make a good shrimp salad and it's always fresh.  They have a high turnover in the deli case - which keeps the cold cuts fresh.
Very nice people working there, too.
Oh - and it's very inexpensive to eat here - or pick up some groceries and take out foods if you don't feel like cooking.
I am glad they exist - higher prices and all (for groceries) because the convience factor is a big plus - especially in inclement weather.
Without Kennedy and Whole Foods - we'd be sunk.Huge sandwiches and equally large salads for a pretty respectable price for center city.  I can't vouch for the prepared foods, but they always look enticing.  I love the ability to pick up some groceries while I'm there and the market is pretty comprehensive.When I changed jobs from 18th and Market to 30th Street Station, the biggest casualty was my stomach. Sure, I've lost some pounds, but I'd gladly replace them to be so close to Kennedy. 
Kennedy serves the freshest sandwiches in center city. The bread is crispy, and the deli slices are fresh. I love the sandwiches mixed with some smoked gouda. And the prices are reasonable for the size of the sandwich. 
The other meals are just as good, roto chicken, hot sides. I highly recommend this place for a quick bite.Nicest sandwich shop in the city....best value for money and the food is always fresh!Went today for lunch and had an awful experience. I ordered a vegetarian cheesesteak with no peppers. The sandwich took more than 20 minutes, while other hot sandwiches were prepared in under 10. When I took a bite of the sandwich, it was filled with hot peppers, which I cannot eat. I vomited. I then called the restaurant to complain and be refunded for the sandwich. I was transferred to the manager, who is also the owner, Sam. I calmly explained what had happened, and he hung up on me. The staff was unable to refund without his approval, which he would not give. Bad service and gross food. Will not be going back.This is a great place for sandwiches (gourmet and regular) , salads (fresh and prepared ), as well as grocery items.  Also, fresh bread and bagels, produce, dairy, frozen food, and snacks. They deliver to nearby apts. and offices everything they sell. Tthe staff are friendly, and they have quite a few vegetarian options.  They also offer catering options.
Very busy at workday lunchtimes, but also quite organized.  Stop by for a menu at the deli counter if you're in the area. A great resource for those living and working in the area, as I have for the past six years. Open seven days a week.
Family and friends have also marveled at the freshness of the meats  dairy products,and salads we have served them on several occasions.Discovered this place one day while trying to find an ingredient for a recipe - couldn't find it at Trader Joe's or any other local markets, but found it here at KFG! This tends to happen a lot for me, as they have a lot of random things (like chili sauce) that you can't find elsewhere. Once I moved to the building next door, I began coming here regularly for things like salads, sandwiches, and even groceries. 
As far as groceries go, this place is great for picking up a few things for dinner/meals, etc. Some things are pricier than others, such as canned soups, etc., but other things are cheaper, for example, sliced pineapple. Their produce is usually very fresh and they have amazing rye bread that I pick up on a regular basis. I often come to pick up a few things to make big breakfasts - and they usually have everything I need. The one thing they don't have, as someone else mentioned in an earlier review, is uncooked meats like ground beef and chicken. If they had that, they'd get a solid 5 stars from me.
Now onto the prepared foods. Definitely 5 stars in this department. The sandwiches are on this amazing french baguette, and the salads, as everyone else mentioned, are HUGE! I'll get a salad with chicken and it will last me for at least 2 or 3 meals. I'm a fan of the grilled chicken and avocado sandwich. The rotisserie chicken is also great! But get there early because they tend to sell out by 5 pm. Be prepared if you go in around lunchtime, however, because you WILL wait a little while. The food is definitely worth it, though!
Last but not least, it is a neighborhood deli and it sure feels like it. It's small and the people who work there are always smiling and saying hello. Become a regular and they'll recognize you and say hi when you come in. It's always a great experience when I come in here. Definitely try it out!Unlike the other reviewers, I've never eaten at Kennedy's deli/restaurant side.  I live a block away, and Kennedy is my primary grocery/convenience store.  The cold cuts are great and inexpensive, and all of their other products are reasonably well priced (everything is cheaper than at 7-11).  
The fifth star is missing due to the lack of non-cold cut meat, like ground beef, which I need to trek to Trader Joe's for.  They also don't have any shredded cheese.  Other than that, they've had every food product I've needed thus far while living in the city.AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have been coming to Kennedy Food Garden since around 04'-05'.... I always got their amazing hoagies on the French bread and the Romaine lettuce. Its so fresh and they never served me anything short of excellent. I have tried their salads as well their chicken salads are the best... 
And unless you eating for 2 or more (jk) dont think you can eat their huge salad in one sitting!!!! 
I love this place!1.) Reason for Coming - 
Looking for a place to grab a quick bite after the Philadelphia Marathon that was not that crowded, open, and could cater to both Mark and I.  
2.) Aesthetics:
We actually passed by Kennedy Food Garden once and had to circle back (after making a couple of additional turns due to street closures and lovely ill positioned one way streets.)  Thankfully Google Maps provided a picture of the store front or we might have given up.
 Very non discript entrance that is actually next to what looked to be an apartment building.    Nice local grocery store with a nice variety of food products.  Pleasantly surprised with the quality and quantity of food in the store although I did feel a bit claustrophobic..
3)  Service:
There is a full service Jewish deli located in the back.  It was quiet when we arrived but the employees were very nice and I was not pressured to place my order right away.  After we sat down we got our order in less then 5 minutes
3.) Food:
Huge Sandwich board  with a variety of your standard sandwiches and salads as well as a couple of specialty gourmet sandwiches.  Meat is cut fresh to order.  I read some reviews about the quality of their bread (which is what drew me to this store) as I was craving a hoagie roll.  They delivered - although it was a French baguette it was awesome with just the right amount of bite
I got a hot turkey sandwich with swiss(yeah!) lettuce, tomato, onions (extra) and sweet peppers with spicy brown mustard.  The husband got a hot roast beef, Swiss, onion, lettuce, tomato.  Be warned.  They do not have a sandwich press nor an oven so our sandwiches were warmed in I think a microwave but it did not do any damage to the sandwich.  There is something about the combination of quality bread and meat that at its core makes or breaks a sandwich and Kennedy Food Garden has got that down pat.  
Price was also very reasonable - paid about $7 for each of our sandwiches.
We were contemplating getting a side salad from the deli case but were glad we didn't, we were stuffed once we finished our sandwiches.
4.) Extra Info:
*Once you place your order you move to the back of the store where there are about 20 tables.  Food is brought to you once ready.  
*There are televisions and we were able to watch some Sunday football while we ate
*Once your order is brought to you, they hand you your bill and you pay at the cashier on the way out.
*Open on Sunday's is a plus
5.) Impressions:
Based on where Kennedy Food Garden is located I can bet they are pretty busy during the work week but I have no doubt that they handle themselves with the same level of service during the week that we experienced this past Sunday.
In a nut shell quality food, fresh ingredients, quick service.  Definitely a place to go back to the next time we are in PhiladelphiaOne of the few places in the city where you can get a decent lunch for under 10 bucks.  The sandwiches are packed with meat and rotisserie chicken platters have sides such as mashed potatoes, mac & cheese, brown rice, steamed veggies and soup to choose from.
It gets a little crowded between 12 and 2pm due to all the suits taking their lunches at precisely the same time, so if you plan on going, prepare for a free-for-all in lieu of an organized line at the deli counter.
I am not opposed to giving a blue-haired old lady a kung-fu chop if it means getting some Kennedy.Enjoyed this place until my umbrella was stolen while waiting during the lunch. Employees were unhelpful in assisting me in tracking down the culprit(s). Will not return.Delicious spot for any meal.  Selection is the best.  I recommend the roast beef.  You can also have them deliver!If you're looking for a classic deli sandwich this place won't fail you. Kennedy is addition by subtraction they don't try to do too much and it works for them, from their breakfast sandwiches to their deli meats I have yet to have a bad experience. Meat portions are generous yet aren't too large at the same time and sandwiches are reasonably priced compared to most center city delis. I would highly recommend this for a lunch hour deli trip.As far as center city neighborhood grocery stores go, this is the best one I've found.  While it's not as cheap as Trader Joe's, it is perfect to just walk down the street and grab what I need and know it's not going to $60 for milk and cookies.  They have a good selection, while I wish they had hamburger meat or chicken breasts... they have just about everything else I need for a typical meal.  
Also, I didn't even know this place existed because there aren't any signs outside really... but I'm very glad I went in.This is my "go to" place for hoagies when I'm organizing an office party.  They have a great selection, reasonably priced, and will arrange the sandwiches nicely cut-up on a platter.Italian sub was great, plenty big enough. Got a sub and a small mac & cheese for $10.Kennedy food market is great. Good selection, polite staff, delicious deli sandwiches.One of my favorites, if not my favorite lunch spot in Center City. There are lots of interesting sandwich and salad options depending on your mood or tastes. Easily customizable as well, and prices are very reasonable. The bread is always warm and crisp, something that is often overlooked by other sandwich shops.Their sandwiches are sent from heaven!!! Soft bread, fresh everything and their salad dressing selection is delicious. The portions are huge so be ready to eat. Besides the deli, the cutest grocery store is stuffed in the back stocked with your everyday grocery needs.I love this deli.  Super cheap sandwiches compared to the rest of the area. They also have one of my favorite breakfast sandwiches in the city. I go with the classic BEC on rye or wheat.  They load up their sandwiches and their bacon is so damn good. I also love a good BLT and this place makes a damn good one. 
As far as the grocery side goes, it's expensive. But its comparable to all corner grocery stores. Still reasonable if you need something in a pinch and they have pretty much everything you'll need.Just had a very tasty hot roast beef sandwich from here for lunch today.
Unfortunately, it was on the menu as a cheesesteak!
Folks, if you don't have a grill and can't make a real grilled sandwich, it's ok. You don't have to pretend. The food is still very good, and very reasonably priced for the neighborhood.
So I'd recommend it...just don't order anything you'd normally expect to be grilled fresh to order, because it won't be.Great place for a quick lunch.  Salads are HUGE and sandwiches are pretty decent. On the left is a mini grocery store with fresh produce, dairy and a mini frozen section. On the right is the deli/rotisserie/made to order sandwiches. The rotisserie chicken is great and their broccoli is fresh, but the corn (available as an optional side) always looks brown so I stay away from that.  
Food Garden system:  place your order, get a table number, sit, they serve you, you pay at the end. 
Perfect place for lunch on the cheap if you work in the city.I went in ordered my food sat down expecting my meal to be brought to the table instead I was told to go pay first ( based off reviews this wasn't common practice I thought maybe it's new) so I went to pay not fully understanding why I had to walk to one side of the establishment to pay just to walk back to the other side to eat. 
It shortly became clear that this wasn't how all customers where treated 
A white man who came in after me ordered a sandwich and drink that was brought to him with out paying first while he was seated. When ask why I had to pay first the guy behind the counter said he didn't know I was eating in I not only told him I was eating in when I ordered but I had taken all my layers off and chosen a seat prior to my sandwich being made. I instantly felt angry however I still paid for my food thinking it's a small misunderstanding but it wasn't even the lady at the counter was shocked and said that is never there practice. The guy at the counter who took my order and told me I had to pay first smirked and shrugged his shoulders when I voiced my concern I left out of there in tears and still very hungry while 3 months pregnant. I will not be back and will continue demanding answers. It's 2018 and racism shows in many different ways smh. Crazy part is my co workers suggested the place they too are Caucasian and probably never had any problems and therefore probably will be back which will make working environment rather tough knowing they support a business that has offended me to my core I am embarrassed I'm upset and quite frankly I'm pissed off. I conducted my self in an appropriate manner upon entering and leaving the store was polite said please and thank you removed my hood before entering the store I just don't get it it's like no matter what the color of my skin creates a problem regardless of my actions I am really hurt by thisOn the suggestion of coworkers, I came here for lunch to grab a sandwich or salad.  I've actually walked by this place many times and never realized it.  It's a nondescript deli with tables and chairs.  
You order at the deli counter and they bring it out to your table.  They offer salads and sandwiches (hot and cold).  I got the smoked turkey and smoked mozzarella on a French baguette, picked up a bag of chips and a drink.  What's a bit strange is that you pay after you eat.  I guess it's all about the honor system.  
When they drop off your food, they write up your check with whatever else you picked up.  The prices are decent and the food is fresh.  The salads are ridiculously large (I would say at least a portion for three people).  A good spot to stop by for a quick good lunch though it did get crowded while I was there.The food is ok but the prices have really gone up in the past year....too expensive. However, the guys behind the food counter are so rude and obnoxious that I refuse to go there. I am a customer service worker and would never treat customers the way they do. I wouldn't have a job if I did!!!I worked across the street and would come here often. From the outside, it doesn't look like much but the salads and sandwiches are great.  The salads are HUGE and could literally serve as lunch for 3 days.  I also recommend the grilled chicken and avocado sandwich.A colleague and I split a salad and it came out on two huge plates! I was amazed at the size! The avocado was delicious (hard to find good ones here  in this city) and the chicken was tasty. Lots of peppers, which I don't like personally (wish I did because they looked fresh and crisp), and my colleague cleaned her plate. The staff are very friendly and I felt really comfortable here. The other side of the place is a convenience store and while we didn't spend a lot of time there, that is where you pay for your food.Best place in town for a great take out sandwich or a cup of soup.  Prices are reasonable and the guy behind the counter is fast when taking your order.  My only complaint is the loose rolls aren't that wonderful.I could live on their salads for days. Literally that is how big they are. Very fresh ingredients and a huge variety of sandwiches and salads and you can pretty much tell them what you want and they will make it.  I think just about everything they have is made on site and they also have a convenient little store attached.
Great, great, great, lunch spot. Note- it gets super crammed in their seating area --I call ahead and I get it to go.Fairly decent subs, not really Philly style hoagies though. They have lots of "gourmet subs" served on good French style rolls. The smoked turkey and smoked Mozzarella is excellent. The subs are a good size and one is definitely a meal on its own. The staff seems nice enough but the guy making my sub was coughing up a storm.  I ate it anyway...no adverse effects to report though.This place is just alright. I've been working nearby the last few weeks and a colleague picked up a rotisserie chicken the other day. It smelled terrific, so I had to ask where it was from. She told me about this place and a few days later, I came by to check it out.
I came in and it looked more like a market than a restaurant, and I think that's what they are going for. Now I don't know what their restaurant experience is like, as I just ordered a sandwich to go. It's a little confusing to figure out how the process works, which is amplified when you're there at lunch because they don't have an extra hand to help out. 
Once you order from the counter, you have to wait for it to be done before you pay. This is kind of stupid and inefficient. First I have to wait in line to order. Then I wait for the food to be made, and then I have to wait in another line to pay. I'd prefer to wait in line less and have more time to eat lunch. Plus the other customers want to cut the line and makes for some unnecessary confrontations.
The food itself is fairly good, and that's why there's three stars and not one. I had a chicken and avocado sandwich. The bread and chicken were both delicious and well prepared. The honey mustard dressing was a bit overpowering which I didn't particularly love. It was nice to not only see avocado on the menu, but to have it nice and ripe, and plenty of it. Since moving to Philly, I don't see avocado a lot of place so it's nice to see as I like it a lot. They also sold an assortment of knishes which I was happy to see as well, and I tried a potato one which was pretty unimpressive.We were in a spot in downtown Philadelphia where there weren't a lot of options for a light lunch. We saw what we thought was a convenience store and then tables in the back. What a find!  The food is all freshly made on site and everything was terrific.  My two daughters and I had drinks, two pizzas, and a large salad for just over $30.  The restaurant was clean and servers were friendly.  Portions were so large we needed boxes to take to the hotel.  
     I highly recommend the Greek salad, one of the best I have eaten anywhere.  Dining area and restrooms were clean.  Philadelphia city ordinance requires masks indoors except while eating and drinking; the rule is enforced here.