Loved the intimate vibe here, and super loved ordering broiled yellowtail off the menu (shh, there's only a limited amount everyday!). Great sushi chefs, and even better service. Price was reasonable.Again, 5 stars!
This time I had the tangerine roll and the texas roll as well as some salmon and yellowtail sashimi. All was excellent. Such a uniquie combination of flavors. The fish was so fresh and everyting tasted exquisite. 
Service was amazing. 
I could eat here every day.Good and fresh. Loved the Fire Rainbow, Kidari, and Dancing Rolls, along with the sashimi.I love this new neighborhood sushi place. I am vegetarian and I have never seen an option for vegetarian Dragon Roll except this place. I get take out food from here once in a week and their service and quality of food is very consistent. Their staff is very friendly.The restaurant's decor is really cute and would love have a sit down meal there some day. I am soo happy a good sushi restaurant opened up in graduate hospital. It is a very welcome addition.So happy to have a sushi place so close.  I ordered takeout, it was ready very quickly.  The servers were very friendly and the space is well thought out.
Fish was very fresh but the rice was slightly undercooked and had no seasoning.  They use better wasabi than most which was nice.  Salad was good, dressing was great, but arugula in the mix added a bitterness that was unpleasantly unexpected.  I love arugula, just not with ginger dressing.  The miso soup was pedestrian, not special, not bad.  
Overall ok, I'll order again.Half priced sushi during "happy hour" from 5-6:30....what an awesome deal! 
The fish was very fresh, service was prompt and friendly, and the decor was modern and airy.
The tuna tartar was fantastic, not fishy at ALL, and presented beautifully.  Our salads had a tasty homemade ginger dressing and were really big compared to other Japanese house salads.  Fresh greens, carrots, cucumber, tomato, onion, probably twice the size of a typical house salad.
We ordered several rolls off of the happy hour menu, an assortment of veggie rolls, salmon, and tuna, all of which were fantastic, fresh, and an AMAZING deal...
I will definitely be back!Went there the other day for lunch. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at the fact the prices seemed better than what I remembered reading a few months ago online. 
I did a lunch special. Had Miso Soup, Salad, and then the main course which afterwards I was pretty stuffed I could barely finish it. Sushi overall was decent, not bad, but not phenomenal. Being from Alaska I might be a bit of a sushi/seafood snob but I would definitely go back to Kidari sometime. 
FYI.... it's CASH ONLY.Love this place. The sushi is really fresh and tastes great. It is fairly reasonably priced. The service is exceptionally friendly. Even though it's cash only, they partially reimburse your ATM fee. And it's BYOB which is fantastic. Definitely the best sushi in the area.Very, very good sushi.  Super fresh and properly served.  The Cy-catu roll,  Kabajo roll and special Godzilla roll were awesome.  Only complaint I have is plates being cleared while still chewing last bit of goodness.  Will def be back.Wonderful service. Great value. Fresh sushi. I only got a lunch bento so I can't speak to the inventiveness of the rolls, but everything was plated beautifully, and was satisfying. Chef even through in a couple of extra pieces of sashimi. Will go back.Yes, this is a little biased as I live in the neighborhood but I must say I walked away feeling so pleased that it wouldn't matter where this place is located. 
Service was attentive across the board (quickly had our wine on ice, water always full, wine glass always full, friendly).
When you think miso soup you don't really expect anything unique. The clam miso soup was a welcomed option and was a delicious, savory soup. The clams came in the shell which gave you a nice sign that they were fresh.
I didn't know what to expect with tuna tartar but I'm pretty sure I'll order it again on the next visit. A salmon-colored form of tuna-deliciousness. I don't know how they make it or really care to, but it was just a really nice flavor (much more easily enjoyed than the beef equivalent). We asked for a little extra of the mayo-type thing on that was drizzled on top as that added to it so nicely.
In terms of sushi, I decided to go with 3 rolls. At this point it is worth noting that I was with my wife and this quantity of food had us stuffed. Rolls were a Fire Dragaon, the Kidari and a Philadelphia. All beautifully presented, substantial and tasty. I particularly liked the jalepenos on the Kidari.
In the world of good sushi I've had in my lifetime, this stands up if not out.This is a great place to eat sushi in Center City. I ordered the sushi lunch special--a Rainbow Roll which came with miso soup and salad for $13.00. If you have time, it's so worth it to pay the extra money to eat here rather than take-out sushi. The roll was just so fresh and sushi rice was cooked perfectly. Miso soup was so flavorful that I just wanted to drop my spoon drink from the bowl. The salad was pretty big and served with a side of tasty ginger dressing I love. The restaurant decor is classy. Everything is served in nice Japanese style plateware. Service is attentive and food came out timely. Cash only and BYOB.Update: Sushi happy hour is back, and is probably here to stay....the only difference is it's now cash only. Monday - Thursday 5-7.
Right now my belly is full of their delicious sushi, and I would like to rave about it again! This time, I dined alone...I have nothing in my fridge the night before a big test and was craving sushi, and I knew that Kidari would hit the spot (unfortunately you can't get the 50% off deal with takeout). I had eaten a light lunch, so I went all out and ordered 3 rolls for myself. I chose the salmon and avacado, spicy tuna, and yellowtail and jalapeno roll. All delicious! It was the first time I had tried the yellowtail jalapeno roll, and I really liked the kick it had from the jalapeno. 
The waitresses were very nice, as was the sushi chef who personally thanked me for coming. I will, of course, be back!Got some takeout sushi from Kidari that included a variety of fish and veggie rolls.
They were all well-made, fresh looking, fresh tasting, and yummy.  
The ordering by phone was fairly easy; they could hear me, I could hear them, they confirmed the order, and had it right.  They provided an estimated ready time for pickup, and the order was ready in time.  It came with all the sushi accoutrements you might need.
Prices seem reasonable.I am lucky enough to live right around the corner from Kidari.  The rolls are delicious and the chefs go out of their way to customize them for you.  The service is attentive and if you go in more than once or twice, the staff will likely remember who you are.  The Miso soup is very tasty and I absolutely love the fresh ginger dressing (made in-house) they put on their salads.  Never a wilted leaf among the mesclun greens.  Ingredients are very fresh and I am still exploring the menu.  A real asset to our neighborhood.This place is great! I went with my mom and sister and we loved it. We ordered the spicy tuna roll, cucumber and eel roll and the cy-tuna roll with edamame to start. The waitress/hostess was very friendly and attentive and our order came out quickly. The prices are reasonable too. I loved this place and will definitely be back!Great happy hour, filling rolls, good service. I will definitely come back again for my next sushi craving. Not sure if the chef is Japanese or not, but this has quality food!I was pretty toasted when I ate at Kidari Sushi Yatai, not gonna lie. I had been day drinking (yes, Erin Express, yes, I'm 26) and for some reason was craving raw fish and rice (CARBS!). 
Me and two girlfriends brought our own wine, started with dumpling soup (a steal at $4/bowl) and continued our meal with a handful of fresh, sizable rolls. Service was great and we closed the place down. I think this place may compete with my fave (Umai Umai) and I am eager to return when I'm a little more sober next time.EXCELLENT SUSHI PLACE.
This was my first time here, I typically go to zama or Vic, but boy am I sorry I haven't tried kidari sooner. 
Everything I had was exquisite. Taste was on point and portions were good sized. Everything I ate was superb, I would especially recommend the negi maki, kidari roll and fire rainbow roll. The mr. Crunch roll was also good.
Service was great. 
Decor was ok.
Cash only. 
Vibe is relaxed and unpretentious. 
Definitely making this one of my go to sushi spots and looking forward to trying more in the menu.Ah, Mr. Yoon, you never fail us!
With a seasoned chef behind the counter Kidari Sushi Yatai is one of my go to favorites. Quality fish (you get what you pay for), friendly non-pretentious service, and a warm neighborhood vibe make Kidari byo a risk free choice. Bring a bottle and make it a date, bring a case and make it a party, or go out with your fabulous self and dine solo at the sushi bar.
Hamachi kama & the salmon skin salad are my seafood loving partner's favorites. Always fresh & flavorful! As a vegetarian I've got plenty of choices including some gigantic specialty rolls. My avocado salad last night was almost too pretty to eat (almost) and the shiitake roll is not to be missed.
Thanks again for dinner Mr. Yoon, we'll be back soon!Sushi here is good; nothing stood out flavor wise but the ingredients are very fresh.  The service is excellent; very friendly and quick.
I hope they play around with the flavors a bit more but this is a really good place for sushiCute little sushi bar in an area of South Street that is getting pretty built up.  
The sushi is good and made fresh to order.  I was a bit disappointed with the Mr. Crunch roll (tuna and jalapenos).  I felt like it needed something else (a sauce or something to give it more flavor).
The place got pretty crowded for a Wednesday night and the service was super friendly.  We'll be back, as it's also a BYO.Service, 5 stars
Atmosphere, 5 stars
Food, 3.5 stars
BYOB, 5 stars
I've wanted to try Kidari Sushi Yatai for serval months, ever since I saw they newly opened in my neighborhood.  My boyfriend and I came here saturday night around 7pm.  There was no wait, which was a nice treat for a Saturday night.  The place was small, but we were pleased with the romantic setting and the spacing of the tables was perfect.  We didn't feel like we were on top of our neighboring tables, which happens a lot at small restaurants around here.  The hostess was also a waitress, and she was so sweet and welcoming!  She brought us a table-side bucket with ice to chill our BYOB wine & beer. 
We ordered the PORK WASABI steamed dumplings, I LOVED these!  It was the perfect amount of sinus clearing goodness in between two chopsticks.  So freaking good!  We also started with the Avacado house salad, which was very good, lots of avacado and the ginger dressing was great.  For sushi, we had a Dragon Roll, which was great, but no better than any other Dragon roll I've had before.  Had the 1/2 maki combo which was boring, but my fault for ordering the wrong thing.  It was small rolls with no other ingeredients (I thought I was ordering sushi or sashami, not rolls).  My boyfriend had the TEXAS Roll, which was expensive compared to other rolls ($17) but very large with lots of ingredients, and really tasty.  Overall, the food was good, but there was nothing over the top that will set this sushi over and above other places I've tried.  I wish there were some more extravagant rolls, like with kiwi or mago, there were no rolls with any fruit or sweet fillings.  But the rolls that were on the menu, they did a great job at preparing and it was very good.
Overall, I really enjoyed my dinner here.  The food was very good, I love BYOB to save money, the atmosphere was adorable and welcoming, and the service was fantastic.  I will be back!So glad to finally have a sushi place in GHo.  Ordered take-out, so can't speak to the ambiance, but it looks like they did a much better job than the previous tenants.  Ordered the Kidari roll, Tangerine roll, and a couple of regular Maki.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  For some reason they love to add jalapenos to their rolls, but the spice isn't overwhelming.  Also, should be noted that even though the special rolls are pricey, they are also huge.  I think my search for sushi takeout in center city is finally over.Kidari is literally a block away from my apartment, so keep in mind that this gets bonus points for being so convenient.
I've gotten take out from Kidari a few times, and have eaten in once for the happy hour specials. I usually order the basic rolls -- salmon avocado, spicy tuna, shrimp tempura and yellowtail jalapeno. The rolls are fresh, reasonably priced and decent sized, each roll comes with 8 pieces. 
I came here for the happy hour recently, with 50% off select rolls and appetizers. All of the rolls mentioned above are part of the happy hour. Too bad the happy hour ends pretty early at 6:30, which I can hardly ever make after coming home from work. I hear the happy hour specials will end in 2014, but I'm really hoping Kidari will continue this promotion.Finally got to try this new grad hospital sushi spot last night. I was pleasently surprised! Sushi was delicious. Tried the Kidari roll with tuna and jalepeno... wow!! I did see on a sign that their half price sushi happy hour is ending at the end of this month. The service was good as well.I have to say it was just ok.  The normal dinner menu entrees are over priced for what you get, which is pretty meh Japanese food.  My Udon was pretty watery, bland and small.  We of course also ordered sushi off the happy hour menu.  Eh, I've had better at cheap all you can eat buffets.  I didn't see it as worth trying out the main menu sushi offerings.
Happy hour special is not BAD, but I'd still rather go to Vic's, even if it means waiting 15-20min to sit down or getting it to go.  Though I think it's BYOB here, so I wouldn't mind coming to sit down for cheap sushi and Sapporo I've brought with me.Awesome sushi, awesome staff. Have been to most other notable sushi places in the city and this is better than most. We come here all the time and couldn't be happier. Also they just started delivering, $20 minimum.The service was great.  Unfortunately, this was the worst sushi I've had in the city.  The sushi rice was completely unseasoned.  The quality of the fish itself was fine, nothing to write home about.  I may have gone on an off night, but it was *really* off.Came here for dinner tonight and I saw a sign that they are closing on April 26. This makes me extremely said, since Kidari has been my neighborhood go-to when craving Japanese food. The raw fish has always been quality, the ambience is very laid back, and the service is excellent. Their lunch specials are especially affordable. Plus, they deduct the ATM fee from the bill! 
I'm going to miss you, KidariADORE this place! The staff is so friendly and attentive, and the food is delicious. We came in right before closing (jerk move, I know- I had gotten off work late) but the hostess and server were both incredibly gracious about it. I love that it's BYOPROS: Good sushi, decent prices, cute ambiance, great value for lunch
CONS: ?
The sushi here is fresh, tasty, reasonably priced, and decently portioned --- an unbeatable combo. We came here for lunch and got the salmon bento box and a dragon roll. Both were above average in taste and quality. Kidari is definitely one of the better sushi spots, especially if you happen to be in this area of town.This place is AWESOME!  Exactly what the neighborhood needed.  The servers are friendly and very attentive.  The presentation of the dishes was right on point and everything is reasonably priced.  Try their happy hour - 50% off a very solid selection of rolls and appetizers.  Sam and his team only serve the freshest sushi and are happy to make recommendations without being pushy.  Every roll I've tried has been delicious.  Big portion sizes too.  Five stars!!
Restaurant itself is brand new and very clean.  I'll be back there at least once a week!!My friend Chris W and I ordered a number of dishes that ranged from just okay to excellent. The Salmon Tataki with Avocado Salad arrived first and it was the best dish of the night. The pieces of seared salmon topped with salmon roe were just a delight to eat. Chris and I felt that the salad could be made into an entrée with just a few more pieces of salmon. The vegetables were all fresh and the ginger dressing was very tasty. Big thumbs up on the salad. The Shrimp Dumplings with Jala Ponzu were the usual dumplings you'd find in every sushi restaurant appetizer menu. My problem with these dumplings is they taste exactly the same no matter where I go, which leads me to believe that they're pre-made and store-bought rather than homemade, but I can't fault Kidari for that since everyone else seems to be doing the same. Our third dish was the Shrimp Tempura with Citrus Chunky Tomato Salsa on Creamy Wasabi Noodles. I like the fra diavolo style angel hair pasta and the shrimp were nicely done. The salsa was okay. It's almost as if this dish has an identity problem. It can't decide whether it's Japanese, Italian, or Tex-Mex. I think the concept is good, but the marriage of the pieces needs a little refinement. Chris had the 1/2 Set Maki Combo with tuna, salmon, eel, and kanpyo fish and I had the Tangerine Roll (Karai sake salmon on top of crunchy spicy salmon and jalapeno with citrus green tea and spicy sauce). The rolls were rather bland. There was very little flavor in my roll. It's almost as if the spiciness of the jalapenos were removed before they were added to the roll. I cannot recommend either one. The positives are the chef makes aesthetically pleasing food and the quality of the fish is very high. I can only imagine that some of the hospital personnel in the area have caused Kidari to tone down their spice levels to a point where they no longer want to take a chance on flavor.The service was friendly and excellent and the food was great. The miso soup and spicy tuna tartar were some of the best we ever had. And the calamari with tomato was very good. We also had 6 different rolls and a few pieces of sushi which were all very good. We also order our rolls a couple at a time as we finish them so they do not all come at the same time and we can enjoy them. Some other dinners order them all at once and got this big plate of sushi. Our waiter was funny ever time he came out with more he would say course 3, 4 etc.  Will definitely be going back and much cheaper than crazy sushi.This is my neighborhood sushi place. I have had several meals including lunch and dinner here. Every experience is really positive. Today I came to lunch, I have an allergy and they were really accommodating. I had a sushi lunch plate and my brother had a similar spicy tuna plate. I haven't been to another sushi place in a while. Highly recommend. Cash only is a draw back though.This is a really clean and professional restaurant.  They have a legit sushi chef who I believe is the owner.  We always have quick friendly service.  The lunch boxes are really filling.  The happy hour sushi deals are great, but honestly the regular pricies are perfectly reasonable so I would go whether or not they still offer specials.Wow I am shocked at all the great reviews because we were so so terribly disappointed by our meal at Kidari. Honestly, if it had not been for the Salmon Skin Salad, I would have given ONE star. 
We had made a reservation for or 8:30pm Saturday night dinner, but from the looks of it it was unnecessary. There were only a few full tables (which maybe should have tipped us off from the beginning). The ambiance was quiet, I am guessing since there weren't many full tables. 
This is a BYOB which was great for my other diners who were able to bring their own bottle of wine. I am pregnant so sadly I had to refrain from drinking as well as the raw items on the menu. We got the Salmon Skin Salad to start which was EXCELLENT and give us the impression that the meal was going to amazing, however it ended up being the sole highlight of our entire meal. 
For the non-raw rolls, we got the Dragon and shirmp tempura. Both were OK but honestly we could have made it at home for that quality. The oil in the Shrimp Tempura roll was overwhelming and left a strange after-taste. For the raw items, my companions got the yellowtail carpacchio (sp?), the sushi and sashimi samplers. Apparently ALL of these items were terrible, the jalapeno completely overtook the yellowtail and the fish for both the sushi/sashimi tasted like they had been previously frozen. 
Although the server was nice, she couldn't save our meal from being poor quality. I have had better sushi for 1/3 of the price so there is no chance any of us will ever be returning to Kidari. Ok ok, maybe I would come back and get the salmon skin salad to go.Pleasantly surprised. I live in the neighborhood and walked past a bunch of times and I wasn't sure. If you want a reasonable sushi place try this out. It's kind of in a weird place, but I enjoyed the food very much. $20-30 and you're packed full.You can count on Kidari to use fresh ingredients to make some excellent rolls. Their takeout service was great and the prices seemed fair for the sushi (the shrimp special we ordered was expensive and not worth it). Nice atmosphere but I haven't dined in yet but plan to soon. Give it a shot.Wonderful service and delicious food! The staff was friendly, fast and accommodating to our family. I definitely would recommend trying their small plates with spicy cold noodles and specialty rolls!HUGE improvement compared to what's been in this spot before. Yes, I did like Pinky's (RIP) but it was an admittedly disgusting place, and everything that's been there after hasn't improved the spot much, if at all. Kidari finally did, with minimal changes at that, and the restaurant doesn't feel like a gross and cheap spot anymore.
I dropped in at lunch on a Saturday and ordered the Spicy Roll Combo - it came with a Cy Tuna and Cy Salmon roll, which basically means spicy. For $13 (it came with a miso soup) it's certainly on the pricy side, but the rolls were delicious and the soup great as well. I also added in a Jalapeno Yellowtail roll ($7), which again was yummy though admittedly a tad bit expensive.
Overall the food I've had here has been top-notch. I chose to give 5, and not 4, stars only because the prices, including the lunch specials, are a tad rich for my blood. I don't argue the quality being high enough to justify the prices, but with the location and other nearby offerings they could do to lower each roll $1 or even 50 cents. That being said, I'll definitely be back time and time again!YUM!  This spot was recommended to me, and I am so glad that I tried it.  Not only was the fish super fresh, the staff was extremely attentive.  The ambiance was perfect, and the specials were unique and delicious.  Highly recommend!This place was outstanding,i went here for lunch with hubby.
We order sushi combination and a bento box.
My husband get salmon skin salad for starter,it was very good,crunchy and refreshing,but better good eat right away otherwise gonna get soggy.The sushi and sashimi very tidy and the bento box was on the perfect amount with marinated beef so tender and has a sweet taste to it,the minus on this bento box was the spring roll;i didn't like the flavor,kind of tasteless and the vege inside has weird flavor.
But everything was good,definitely come back.Good sushi! The Saturday night special "Dancing Roll" was delicious, as were the Cy-Tuna and STC rolls. The wasabi was super fresh! Service was very good, and we enjoyed the cute decor. Music could be improved, but overall an enjoyable evening. So happy to see sushi near Graduate Hospital!Pros: friendly, attentive staff.
Cons: No more happy hour special, cash only, BYOB.
Bottom line: you can do better without walking/driving too far.I had a group dinner here for my birthday. They were really attentive and flexible with our group. I also liked how it was not very loud in the restaurant, allowing me to actually be able to have conversations with others. It also helps that it is BYOB. 
The food was good but I do believe that Philly has a lot more competitive BYOB sushi restaurants that I would go before going to Kidari.Sushi in G-Ho?!?!? (mind explodes). It's about time we got a sushi place in my hood. I came here after receiving a menu at my door step and I'm definitely glad I stopped by. The server was attentive and sweet and the sushi chefs definitely know what they're doing (I even scored a free carafe of Saki). I ordered the "Sushi on Table" which included 8 pcs of assorted sushi and a crunchy spicy tuna roll and was not disappointed. The sushi was SUPER fresh, especially the tuna and the spicy tuna roll was just as good as Raw's plus it had a nice crunch to it. They are currently offering 10% off lunch and 20% off of dinner so come get some while the deal lasts! BTW please note that's it's a BYOB!Love this local sushi place on South Street! The sushi was so fresh and yummy! Fried salmon skin salad was awesome.  Only complaint is that the sushi has a little too much rice, otherwise it's fresh!
Def would be coming back for more.This place is new, and makes very high quality fresh sushi. The most remarkable thing about them is how cheap the place is though. I went on 6:30 on a saturday, and found that it was "happy hour". I got miso soup (1.50), edamame ($2) and shrimp shu-mai ($3) to share, and a salmon-avocado roll ($3.50, 8 pieces) and a yellowtail jalapeno roll ($3.50, 6 pieces). All very good!I was looking through Yelp's sushi listings for possible dinner options for myself, and was surprised to find Kidari Sushi suddenly appear in my neighborhood! The location has been several different businesses lately, so hopefully this one will stick. I placed an order for pick up to bring to my late night shift at work, and got a look at the interior, which is fairly typical for your local sushi bar, dark dark dark, long sushi bar in back, and a fair amount of seating. The hostess was very nice and had my order ready and waiting: one spicy scallop roll and their half maki combo appetizer.
The scallop roll  was not very spicy, and had a bit too much rice for my tastes, BUT it had whole pieces of scallop! Usually sushi places chop the fish into tiny bits for spicy rolls, but not here and the scallop was very fresh, plus I liked the sesame seeds they rolled onto rice. I love the concept of the half maki combo appetizer, which includes 3 pieces of salmon, tuna, eel, and kanpyo, and they were all delish and its a fun option if you don't want a lot of one type of maki (or like having a bunch of options, like me). The rolls are good and fresh, but I wish the prices were better. Other area sushi options have cheaper maki prices and I'd rather walk a little further and pay less for similar quality sushi. But I'm glad that they've opened in this area!Great fresh sushi, warm service, great salads and apps and it's a byo!! Salads were large enough for sharing and dumplings were cooked to perfection. A hidden gem.Very good quality and a great addition to the neighborhood. The waitstaff is super-friendly and the service is efficient. Go to this place!Welcome to the 'hood, Kidari! You are such a wonderful addition and we can't wait to return! The sushi was so fresh and delicious. I believe it was the best quality sushi I have had in Philly. Our favorite was surprisingly the simple salmon and avocado roll. The salmon was just THAT GOOD. Our nightly special roll (the godzilla) was okay. And the dragon roll (eel and avocado) was tasty, too. We also enjoyed a cucumber spring roll as an appetizer (avocado, seaweed salad, and another veggie or two wrapped in cucumber and sliced like sushi rolls), which was tasty and different. I loved that they served a bit of seaweed salad with our rolls. minor gripe - the chopsticks were surprisingly different to use. I think next time we may request the disposable ones even when we dine in. We will definitely be back and I anticipate this will be our new go-to sushi spot. It's BYOB and when we leave around 8pm, all but one table was full!So delicious! My boyfriend and I came here for the half price sushi happy hour which I think just ended at the end of August :( We each had a miso soup and shared the salmon and  avacado, spicy tuna, eel and cucumber, and veggie tempura rolls and were stuffed! The sushi was very fresh and good, and the bill was less than $20! I thought the spicy tuna was the best -- actually spicy and had chunks of tuna in it instead of just a mashed up paste like other places. The other rolls were great, too. We will definitely be back!
PS: it's a BYOB, so come prepared!Great BYOB sushi
I had great company on this trip, but the food spoke for itself.
I had the rainbow roll. Awesome
The good looking girl across from me had a shrimp tempura roll which was awesome as well.
Instead of dessert we went with the fire rainbow roll and added some crunch to end the night. Again a great roll.
You definitely don't need three rolls for two people, but we wanted another bc of the 1st two.
I recommend this place, but remember it is cash only (ATM on premise).Tied for best sushi I've had in Philly so far. The beef app was on point and my lover and friends all got different kinds of sushi and I got sashimi and didn't hear one complaint. The staff was nice and gave us amazing suggestions. It is BYOB AS WELL. BOOM5 stars for a few reasons:
1) The first sushi place serving high-grade fish in graduate Hospital (finally!)
2) Service was attentive and quick- waitresses were very attentive and grateful for our patronage.  My water was probably refilled every time I took a sip.  Sushi chefs were professional and also welcoming.
3) And of course, sushi was great!  We got the Dancing sushi special, Cy-Tuna, Kabajo, and Veggie Roll.  Fish was fresh (waitress informed us that the tuna just came in and was fresh), rice was well seasoned and rolled properly.  Wasabi and seaweed salad were both fresh.  
Lunch deal looks good and reasonably-priced.  Found my new go-to sushi joint!Kidari is a cute little sushi restaurant on South Street. It's right across from Penn Medicine's Rittenhouse location. I can see this place being well appreciated by sushi aficionados who live in the Grad Hospital area.
We had the Cy-catu roll (spicy tuna and panko crumbs on top of a California roll), the Fire Dragon roll (eel and avocado on top of a spicy tuna roll), the avocado roll, and the sushi sampler (four pieces of tuna, salmon, suzuki, and hamachi).
The rolls were sized generously and really filling - we ended up taking a few rolls home as leftovers. Definitely a great addition to the South Street food scene!Today was the best day of my life. OK well maybe that's a slight exaggeration, but it was a very good day thanks to Kidari sushi happy hour. The freshest salmon and avocado roll in Philadelphia for $3.50. Yes, folks, $3.50. Eel and cucumber roll, spicy tuna roll...holy moly. I ate so much fish I almost had to swim down the street to get home. Don't miss out on this place...it's a real gem.Glad to have this place in the neighborhood. LOVE their tuna tartare app. I crave it on a regular basis and usually give in to the craving once a week. My husband likes the shrimp tempura roll (they call it something else). A tasty, quick option for take-out.I've had two really great meals at Kidari so far. Once with my girl Angela J over the summer and again with my man on Friday for lunch. Both times I had the spicy tuna tartar which is delicious. It is served with some fried potato straws and two different types of sauce. I also really enjoy their miso soup, which has a bit more flavor than some of their competitors' versions. 
Normally, I'm not a fan of raw salmon but Kidari's fish is so fresh and clean tasting that I really enjoyed their spicy salmon roll. Maybe even more than my usual go-to, the spicy tuna roll. Their rolls are plump and filling; after the soup and shared app, two was more than enough. 
During the summer there was an awesome half-priced sushi happy hour. Not sure if they are still offering this deal but if so, it's a total steal for some really quality sushi.