The aroma from Kim's food truck grabbed my nose and pulled me towards the ordering window.  I had no idea what I wanted but the orange chicken stood out the most to me.  The chicken is crispy yet  tender, spicy, and somewhat of a citrus taste.  This has to be the best Asian food truck in Univ. City; all others don't compare. 
1. Friendly service
2. Quick turn around for food
3. Reasonably pricedOne of the better Asian food trucks on campus. It's cheap but it's nothing special. The dishes were a little bland for my taste.I used to sometimes eat here twice a day. When you see the truck, you will notice that there is an orange sign with an additional menu on it. Those are the dishes that can be prepared quickly. People are not served in the order in which they order, but instead in the order in which the food is finished, so if you order a fast dish, you can be served faster! Also, they are on Shopik (an iPhone app), so you can get a free soda with their coupon between 3 and  5 p.m. My favorites include mapo tofu, kung pao chicken, garlic chicken, and black bean chicken. Yum!Beef chao fun is really good if you like spicy food.. I will ask them to customize a non-spicy beef chao fun for me next time..This is probably the food truck on Penn's campus with the most authentic Chinese food (I am from Hong Kong, so I've had my fair share of Chinese food). I highly recommend the specials they have; these dishes also have the added benefit of being ready in no time after you order it. My favorites at Kim's are the Oriental Beef, Chicken Chow Fun, and Ginger Chicken. The ginger chicken comes with chicken pieces with the bone still in, so you get all the flavor and it actually tastes like chicken (unlike the tasteless, dry strips of chicken that are found in many chinese food trucks on campus), and really gives it that authentic flavor.I don't know anywhere else that serves a meal of this size for under $5. I'm pretty sure everything they offer is less than $5, but that doesn't mean you're getting a skimpy portion. Kim's may not be serving up the most amazing Chinese food, but you'll get a decent lunch here. There menu is huge, so I'm sure you can find something you'll like. And if you want a drink, they have Nantucket Nectar juices along with the standard Coke/Pepsi products. If you're a little broke and in need of a filling meal, you can't go wrong with Kim's.Adjacent to Pottruck Gym.
Get the ginger chicken.
You have to ask for chopsticks if you want them.
Open later than most foodtrucks.
They speak Mandarin.Kim's was dope at the beginning of the year. Food is cheap and tastes decent but the meat portions have gotten smaller and smaller to the point of absurdity. Taking my business elsewhere.Of all the Chinese food trucks around campus, Kim's is the only one that tastes remotely like the food I grew up with. The crowds of Asians during the lunch and dinner rushes aren't a coincidence! 
The ginger chicken and oriental beef are amazing and extremely popular. My guilty pleasure is the chili chicken- basically a spicy General Tso's. They always give hearty portions, and they'll feed you veggies (and if you're on a food truck diet, you sorely need them).Kim's is the real deal. Quality Chinese food from a food truck. The food is always hot, fresh, and delicious.
Kim's menu is enormous and you will never run out of new things to try. I especially like the Chicken & Eggplant, the eggplant is tender and sauce is savory but not too salty like Chinese food tends to be. Boneless Ribs are tasty as well -- tender strips of pork in a red sauce over rice and shredded cabbage. If you are looking for a sweet/savory combo, try the Chili Chicken, it's fried and tossed in a sweet chili sauce. Try their Oriental Beef or Ginger Chicken slow-cook specials if you are in a hurry, both are excellent. Kim's truly has something for everyone. Portion sizes are generous, too, so you won't leave hungry.
If you're looking to reward yourself after a workout at Pottruck, Kim's is the place to go!Best food truck on campus...and most efficient. I don't know how she remembers every single person's order. She can pinpoint who ordered what, in what order!
My faves: Ginger Chicken, Barbecue Pork Chops, Oriental Beef.
Only those who are adventurous (I don't think so, but I know several people who don't like the type of meat used in it) should go for the last one.This is a fantastic food truck.  It's conveniently located next to the Pottruck Gym. I most commonly order Sesame Chicken, Ginger Chicken, or General Tso's Chicken.  The main reason I order these dishes is because a) they are yummy (fresh veggies and tender chicken), b) big portions for only around $5, and c) they are ready right away.  
(Useful tip: The meals listed on the orange sign are already slow cooked, so they're ready to be served just minutes after you order, and particularly convenient for those who want their lunch ASAP.)  You can order more complicated things, and they will prepare them fresh while you wait, but I usually want my food quick.     
This is the BEST Chinese Food Truck on campus!Returned to get the recommended niu nan fan (beef stewish thing over rice) and ginger chicken. DEFINITELY recommend those two. Tastes great, like homecooked chinese food should be, and the meat are of much less sketchy quality since they're premade dishes (hence no frozen precooked meat to facilitate speed stir-frying).Friendly seller! Tasty and authentic home-made Chinese cuisine! (I tried the Lo Mein, Sesame Chicken and General Tso's Chicken. )
I personally think the dishes in this Chinese food truck are even more authentic than the dishes in some other Chinese restaurants which around the university city. The food is so inexpensive and in large portion size!Ginger Chicken! A bit pricey ($4) compared to Yuekee ($3.5).Why is this only 3.5 stars? This should be 4+ for sure. This is by far the best Chinese food truck around the Penn campus. (I mean c'mon, you can't compare this to real Chinese restaurants...) AND it's FAST and RELIABLE (thanks for being there for me through rain and snow, and at night!) For that alone, it deserves 4 stars from me. 
If you are time crunched, get one of these 3: oriental beef, pork ribs, or ginger chicken. These are all pre-made, so it's ready almost immediately. Don't forget to add a marinated egg! (sure a little tough / overcooked, but hey, can't really complain...)
If you have more time, then my favorite customized combo is eggplant with chicken in black bean sauce. (oh, and yes, I like to add a marinated egg to this one too :))the first time I went to Kim's I was pleasantly surprised.  That was a year ago.  Since then I've been back several times and it's just literally worse and worse.  Today I had such a bad meal that I felt compelled to write a review on Yelp.  I ordered the chicken broccoli and tofu.  The entire thing was deep fried.  Yes, the broccoli was just thrown into the deep fryer and my meal had a 2 cm deep slick of oil that settled at the bottom of the styrofoam container.  Who deep-fries broccoli in order to cook it?  That's the lazy way out and it tasted gross, like a mouthful of oil leaking out of the broccoli inside my mouth.  The tofu was deep fried too, which has been mentioned before.  This was also true of the last item I ordered which was eggplant-- deep fried and a ridiculous slick of oil resulting.  It just taste bad.  Even the RICE became covered in oil because the amount of oil.  
Honestly. That will be the last time I go to Kim's.  Much better is Yue Kee who actually uses a wok, like I would expect an asian vendor to use.  And their broccoli chicken is not just broccoli and chicken, it comes with some other vegetables too including water chestnuts, carrots, bamboo.  And if you really want to stay away from deep fried junk, then go to Tang's-- who par-boils the broccoli nicely.this place is so insanely cheap! the mapo topu is under $4 bucks, and it is probably the only decent thing on the menu. however, as a student, i end up coming here once or twice a semester just because its close and cheap and edible (for the most part). 
if im in the mood for really cheap chinese food, ill eat here. otherwise, ill pay up and go to sangkee.Dear Ms. Kim (?)
Thank you for getting me the 15 lbs that I avoided freshmen year during my sophomore year after I got off the awful Penn dining plan. But honestly, this was just simply a testimony to how amazing your food is and just how speedily it's prepared! Sure everything is probably super unhealthy, but that's why you're parked right in front of Pottruck! Every time I run on the 1st treadmills, I'm literally visioning running towards your food truck! 
On a more serious note, this is BY FAR my favorite food truck on campus. Forget Yue Kee, Tang's, Le Anh, The Real Le Anh (still don't know which one is real), King Wok, etc. This place is just amazing. 
Finally, on a side note, I have yet to know why this place is called "Kim's." For the longest time I thought it was Korean and avoided this place since Koreana is so close by.... Someone please explain! Is the awesome lady Ms. Kim? 
---
What I recommend:
(1) Oriental Beef (Nu nan fan)
(2) Sesame Chicken (Zhi ma ji)
(3) Ginger Chicken (Jiang ji)
(4) General Tso's Chicken (Zuo ji)
Additional goodies:
(1) I always ask for the tea-boiled egg; it's delicious! I grew up eating ones prepared by my mom, and this always reminds me of home sweet home. It's definitely a specialty that I've only seen here!
(2) Ask for chopstick and a fork...hehe. I eat rice with fork (the darn grains of rice just gets too challenging), but eat everything else with the chopstick! 
(3) If you like noodles, just ask! It's a 50cent surchage, but well worth it than eating plain, white rice. 
(4) If you're in a rush, ask for Ginger Chicken or Oriental Beef; they'll literally have it prepared before you get your cash out!Best food truck on Penn's campus! Satisfying portions, cheap prices and generally always extremely fast. Popular items that they make in bulk every day are served to you in seconds - ginger chicken, oriental chicken, sesame chicken, etc. But my favorite off the special orange menu is eggplant chicken. They use Japanese eggplant!Hands down the BEST Chinese Food Truck on campus!
Eating Kim's reminds me of home, and you just can't beat a feeling like that.
The food here is quite authentic, and it's cheap too. You can get a filling meal for less than $5! The service is efficient and effective. I usually only wait about 5 minutes for my food, and sometimes, I don't even have to wait at all!
As for recommendations, my go-to orders here are the Oriental Beef and Fried Fish dishes. The fried fish fillets are delightfully crispy, and the accompanying fish sauce has the added bonus of adding a light sweetness to the rice. I am a serious fan of the fish sauce, and I always wish I had more of it to go with my meal! The oriental beef is prepared early and is allowed to slow cook throughout the day, which makes the meat extremely juicy and tender. Because it's already "ready to eat," you'll have the Oriental Beef in your hands within 15 seconds of ordering it. The downside to the way they prepare this dish is that they can't make more of the meat easily, and once it's gone, they're completely out for the day. Oriental Beef happens to be one of the more popular dishes at Kim's, so be sure to get some before they run out!
In all respects, Kim's is a seriously fantastic food truck. Seriously, if you're a fan of Chinese food or just great deals in general, you should just stop reading this review and go give Kim's a try.
Kim's is one of my favorite food trucks on campus, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who's looking for a great (and convenient) place to eat.Kim's doesn't do your traditional Chinese food like Yue Kee does. That being said, it's hard to beat the kind of value you could get from Kim's...back when I was but a poor college student, there were many a night that, for $3.50, I'd get by on General Tso's Chicken. The quality wasn't terribly great (and some days, it wasn't that good), but it filled me up solidly. And did I mention the price? Getting a full-on meal for $3.50 is a bargain. They have all the regular staples of the more 'American' Chinese food, and they're pretty good at preparing it quickly as well. It can get a bit crowded around dinnertime, so you might have to wait as long as 5-10 minutes for your food, depending on when you show up. Don't tip your bag to one side either - otherwise you'll end up with a bunch of sauce leaking out of the box into the bag.
All in all, I have fond memories of eating Kim's. Some of the more relaxing memories is grabbing a meal, sitting outside of Pottruck with one of my friends, and eating a hearty meal in the shade between the gym and the parking lot next to it.UGH!  Terrrrrrible!  I have 2 guy friends (who have prob never used a kitchen in their life) who swear by this place (beef chow fun and chicken lo mein) and come here all the time for lunch so sometimes I get persuaded but seriously, what a waste of $4-6.  YUCK!  I've had the mapo tofu (tasteless, artificial, tons of tofu but after a few bites, you still feel gypped), the general tso's (this is as fake as it gets and tastes nothing like what you're used to), the lo mein and chow fun (TASTELESS TASTELESS TASTELESS).  I'd rather eat a bowl of well-made plain rice than eat their lo mein or chow fun.  Even when you douse the container with soy sauce and hot sauce, the dish still sucks.  This place is greasy as all hell and tasteless so really, why is everyone wasting their money?  It sucks that we have to go to Chinatown to get cheap but proper Chinese food but that is just the sad truth.I've visited twice. I've tried both the mixed veggies over rice, and the ginger chicken. 
Too much cabbage. 
The mixed veggies was, mostly cabbage. Like 80 percent cabbage. I had cabbage and rice for lunch. 
The ginger chicken was alright, didn't taste that much like ginger and the steamed vegetables that came with it were...that's right, mostly cabbage. There were only two tiny pieces of mushroom and one small carrot slice. I understand that cabbage is inexpensive, but when i think i'm getting mixed veggies, I expect more than just cabbageWhat does "oriental food" mean?  In my mind it is one thing- pineapple tofu! 
I'm always a bit leery ordering any type of meat at food trucks.  I love George's crispy chicken sandwich and I'm always willing to try a Bui's hangover special every now and again but for the most part I try and steer clear.  Enter Kim's pineapple tofu!  I'm not sure if it's on the menu or not (recommended by a friend) but every time I go I ask for spicy steamed pineapple tofu with brown rice and it is always delicious.  Well worth the $4.25 they charge.Kim's is great because they're open late and on Sundays, the food is cheap, service is quick, and the food isn't bad. It's definitely a few steps down from comparable places in terms of quality, but with most dishes being less than $5, it's hard to complain when you're plain hungry.
Specifically:
- The ginger chicken is the cheapest item on the menu and also you'll get it the quickest. It's a decent amount of chicken, and I think there is no reason to really deviate.
- The pepper steak is mostly onion and pepper, very little mushroom or steak. Do not recommend.
- Chili chicken is spicy and fried as expected. Not worth the wait and extra cost.Cheap.  Fast.  Good.  That's pretty much all you need to know about this place.  Most people who immediately jump at the Chinese take-out staple food (General Tso's, Sweet & Sour, etc) are missing out on their Ginger Chicken.  It's definitely their best dish.The fact that this place sits around 5 other food carts yet always seems to have people waiting in line (while the others look like a deserted island) is a telling sign.
Admittedly, I grew to hate food carts after being served up a HORRIFIC experience by  satan at The Real Lee Ahn cart (see my review)...but for some reason, I actually have to give props to Kim's. It is the only food cart that I've actually turned to for 4-5 lunches and a place where I'm not be afraid to go back. 
Simply put, the beef lomein is consistent. For 4 bucks you get a huge portion, with plenty of non-fatty beef and a decent amount of vegetables too (including fresh, crunchy green bell peppers- an interesting touch). Anyways, you will get stuffed, it isn't too greasy, it's piping hot, I've never gotten sick, it's made quickly, and served by friendly, efficient staff. Phew. Ask for some soy sauce though, because it can be somewhat bland / in need of salt. 
Hands down the best bet for Asian food on Penn's campus.MM Kim's has surprisingly good ginger chicken. I ordered it after I saw a couple Asians before me get it and they seemed to know what they were doing. Success! Huge pieces of chicken (not the dry thin slices), lots of flavor, really filling. It was amazing. I want more.Intro:
These folks have been feeding me through rough and tough times. They are open late (to 8:00 PM) every day of the week except on Saturday when they get some well deserved rest. 
Basics: 
1. There are three pre-prepared dishes: Ginger Chicken, Niunan Beef Rice, and Black Bean Spare Rib. All dishes are good with my favorite being Ginger Chicken. The best thing is that they will have it ready for your in about 45 secs because it's already made. Good if you're in a rush!
2. Portions are pretty damn big. I eat a lot and a meal here will go a long way (for approximately $5).
3. I recommend the Eggplant Subgum and the Lemongrass Chicken. Both very good dishes with a lot of flavor. 
Conclusion:
Definitely a place I can count of getting a nice hot meal for cheap and quick.Located in the alley behind pottruck (upenn campus), this food truck attracts a fairly consistent and large lunch time crowd. I waited almost 20 minutes for my food which is a bit inconvenient. 
$4.50 for a large hunk of white rice, sesame chicken and veggies is a great price with unbeatable convenience. 
I will definitely be back to try their pork chop rice, which I saw a lot of other customers order.This is by far one of my favorite food trucks. It's conveniently located right at the heart of campus, next to the Pottruck Gym. I recommend ordering the Sesame Chicken, Orange Chicken, Sweet & Sour Chicken or General Tso's Chicken. There are four main reasons why I order at Kim's 1)  all meals are delicious with tender chicken, scrumptious sauces and crisp vegetables, 2) the meal is affordable with each dish costing around $5 3) The portions are very generous and 4) the food is served quickly.   
So, if you are looking for a quick, delicious and fulfilling meal make sure to stop at Kim's Oriental food truck.I have never come to this food truck before for the single reason that it's a little out of the way. If it was as close as Magic Carpet though, I would probably come here all the time.
Their food is a little more pricey than at other places - where King's or The Real Le Anh's dishes range from 3.50-4, they are more like 4-5 at Kim's. This might also explain the smaller line at around 1.15pm compared to other places, and it helps that the food comes out really fast. I was also pleasantly surprised how nice the people are; it's not typical for food truck people to give you your food with a smile, and it made my dreadful morning more pleasant.
Their mapo tofu is actually a little bit spicy (big bonus point for me) and the sauce/vegetable combination in it is very pleasant. Overall, their food feels a little more healthy and less overdressed with soy sauce and salt than other places.
4 stars because this place deserves better.I would have to say that Kim's Oriental is one of the better Asian food trucks around UC. Food is fast to come out and the service is incredibly friendly. They have a very big menu for being a food truck, and there are a ton of vegetarian options. Everything is also very reasonably priced ($5 and under), and the amount of food you get is really generous. 
At first, I was confused as to what subgum meant but it's Cantonese for combination so all the noodle and rice dishes labeled with "subgum" combines chicken, roasted pork, and shrimp. I ordered their subgum lo mein. I wasn't disappointed in the food, but it wasn't great. For food truck quality, I will say it's one of the better quality Chinese meals. The lo mein dish wasn't overly greasy, which was a nice change from the other Chinese food trucks around. I will definitely be back to try some of their other menu items. Don't hesitate to come to this hidden place behind the gym for some quick food!Life would have been so simple if one size would have fit us all. But thankfully it doesn't, all of us are different n that's what prevents everything from getting boring. I wish Kim's owner would understand this phenomenon!
All gravies taste the same-which is like a typical Chinese-American gravy, not good, at least for my taste buds! My hunt for a good Oriental Food Truck in University City continues...THE BEST FOOD TRUCK ON CAMPUS. There is a HUGE line every day at lunch time, so clearly I am not the only person that feels this way. I love the LoMein and the eggplant options. The spring rolls are DELICIOUS. Also, cheap cheap cheap.Kim's, a food truck between the Pottruck gym and the parking garage, is located on a street that would roughly be 37+1/2 th street between Walnut and Sansom. Specializing in Chinese food, Kim's is quick and cheap. It's a decent alternative from Yue Kee's. The menus are basically identical, but Kim's food isn't cooked in a wok. This means that food isn't as piping hot nor as flavorful as Yue Kee's.
I think it's like 25-75 cents cheaper on certain dishes, but I typically only go to Kim's if I'm in a rush or am too starved to wait for Yue Kee's. Yeah, it maybe a little healthier, less oily than Yue Kee's, but you're eating from a freakin' Chinese food truck...not a salad bar. Just accept the fact--this Chinese food ain't healthy.This is as good as street meat gets! Kim's food truck is located close to my work and I'm a frequent visitor.
When I can buy lunch for under $4, It makes me a very happy man. The portions for lunch are perfect and keeps me going for the rest of the day. I've tried most of the items on the menu, but the chicken with snow peas is definitely my go-to.
Food served with a smile at cheap prices and satisfying portions? The other trucks might as well hit the road...Great food truck eats & cheap prices. Plus they are open on Sat & Sun. 
Efficient and consistent service. I'm not just saying that because it happens to be next to one of the most mean / $$$ food trucks on Penn's campus. :cough: indian food truck @ pottruck :cough: 
The Kim's lady can take order after order and will remember exactly who got what almost 99.9% of the time. It's quite impressive. 
Over the years, I've become correlated with my standard orders "Black Bean Eggplant, Tofu, Mixed Nuts, Spicy" -OR- "Vegetable Chowfun Spicy" 
Heads up: If you aren't part of the earlier part of the lunch/dinner rush - you maybe likely to discover that they are out of the veggie of your choice (ie. eggplant or green bean). If so, go out on a limb and try it out with another vegetable they may have. Broccoli as replacement has sufficed for me. 
These are my two staples but I highly recommend the former if you have never tried such a combo. 
I also enjoy a marinated egg (.50) on the side every so often. 
For $4 it's just damn good cheap eats!One of the best Chinese food trucks around. Cheap and quick service. The people working there are nice too and speak both English and Chinese. 
You've got to get the Oriental Beef, they sell out by dinner time! Other good dishes are mapo tofu and the pork chop. 
It's right next to Pottruck Gym and there is some outside seating nearby.Kim's changed ownership this past summer, and a few things have changed. The food is still great, and the new owner actually seems to give larger portions of meat! However, previous portions were usually enough for me. A few prices have gone up.
The service is mostly what bothers me. I'll go to Kim's one week and then I'll go again the same time next week, and it's not there. Maybe it was too cold or rainy? Also, the new ownership serves everyone out of order. I was waiting with some people for 10 minutes, while other people would come up after us and get their food in 1-5 minutes. Apparently if you're in a rush, you should order Oriental Beef because they seem to have that already made.Finally gave in to getting something from this truck after staring at it through the window of the gym for the last week. Had the eggplant chicken for lunch and it wasn't half bad. The eggplant was well done and not too greasy but the chicken tasted like it was definitely frozen at one point. Egh. Think I'm going back to try this beef over rice thing that I've heard so much about. 
For the price, this truck is pretty good. And the cooking is super fast. Or maybe I'm just in awe of how the girl can manage to remember all our orders without writing anything down.My initial attempt to find the food trucks by Pottruck were thwarted because we were noobs who didn't know where to look.  After peering down Sansom and not seeing them, we continued down 37th toward Spruce.  As it turns out, you have to head down Sansom toward 38th and 4-5 trucks are tucked away on the left.
Had the ginger chicken which was both tasty and filling without being heavy.  I waited maybe 3 seconds before my order was ready.  Okay, perhaps it was closer to 3 minutes, but it was pretty quick.  I didn't even have a chance to finish reading the menu at the Indian truck parked next to Kim's.Roll by and get yourself some Golden Tofu. It's the jam.Kim's is the best food truck to go to if you want something quick. Many items are already premade so all they do is just serve. If you are in a hurry, no matter how long the line is, you only need to wait about five to ten minutes tops.  However the bad part is that since the premade food has been marinating in the same pot for the whole day, different ingredients have the same texture. It sort of brothers me if I chew and feel the same texture again and again even if I can eating different vegetables. Yue kee's is made to order which is why I am pointing this out even if Kim's is a food cart.
This place does hit the spot if you are feeling cheap msg Chinese food. 
If you dont like fried tofu, do not get dishes with tofu in them. Go to yue kee's for soft tofu. The only dish to have soft tofu is their mapotofu.
Also they use the same.sauce for multiple dishes so do not be surprised if things taste the same even if there are different vegetables and ingredients in the dish.Kim's offers Americanized Chinese food at cheap prices, good for students or others living on a budget.
The unadorned white truck, parked right across Walnut street from Huntsman Hall, and right next to the Penn Recreation Center, is a bit sketchy from the outside. But the lady inside is sweet, and the business is legit.
Speaking of sweet, so is the food. Expect overly sweet, saucy, fried, Americanized Chinese food here (e.g., orange chicken or broccoli and beef). Think Panda-Express-type quality. I wasn't a huge fan, but your taste preferences may vary.
Of course, the best part is that meals here are just around $6, which is pretty nice if you're trying to manage a budget. Though keep in mind they only take cash, so make sure you have some on hand.
Overall, not my favorite Chinese food, but the price is right. Walk on over during lunchtime, if you'd like to try for yourself.Kim's is far and away the best Chinese food truck in University City.  Don't believe me?  Ask the huge crowd of people gathered outside the truck behind Pottruck every weekday.  While they serve up virtually every Chinese dish known to man, regulars are known for several popular dishes: Sesame Chicken, Grandfather Chicken, Ginger Chicken, and Mapo Tofu.  The food comes out fast and fresh, and they don't skimp out on proteins or veggies either.
The only dish that has failed to impress me was the General Tso's Chicken, which tasted way too sweet and was swimming in a sea of sticky syrup that not even the heaping serving of rice could sop up.  But aside from that, I'm usually at this truck at least once a week, loading up on delicious goodness for less than $5 a meal.  Forget the competition, because Kim's blows them away.Food is average, americanized (aka: overly sweet) and skimpy on meat. Had a beef chow fun, it tasted like pad thai with dry pieces of beef, and minus the peanut of course.
Might try other dishes but please don't ever order chow fun here.Good for the price. And is open!! Is a food truck. Yelp said that is close but is not true.Ah. I miss Kim's. The selection is great for a Chinese food cart, and the quality is pretty good as well. Much better than Yue Kee. Kim's bring back a lot of memories. The General Tso isn't the best but a lot of the other dishes are the best you'll get at this kind of food cart.Totally and unequivocably subpar Chinese food, but it's cheap as cheap can get and they actually have a few acceptable to tasty items on their menu. If you like your Singapore noodles greasy, garlicky and overly spicy like I do, Kim's is the place. They also make a decent Grandfather Chicken and Mao Po Tofu although the quality seems to fluctuate wildly, but hey, it's a food truck. What do you expect? 3 Michelin Stars?
Sad, but true - there was and probably still is no good Chinese food in University City. Given the choice between paying $9.00 for a so-so dish at Beijing and $3.25 for a mostly edible one from Kim's, I recommend Kim's. Portions are large but like most Asian food trucks about 60% of what you get is white rice. However, DO NOT under any circumstances order their chicken with vegetables or chicken curry, which are actually the same dish as far as I can tell, although "meat chunks with some wrinkled plant matter slathered in salty brown vomit" is probably a more accurate name.Probably my favorite Chinese food truck on-campus.
The best dishes include eggplant chicken (with Japanese, not American eggplant), the Oriental Beef (super fast tendony beef over rice & a few vegetables), and the Ginger Chicken (also super fast, due to being in a big pre-cooked for the day pot).  Last two are sell until they're gone, so you have to arrive before the end of lunch rush!
Delicious, hot and fast. The cooks and servers are nice, too, if you take a chance to talk with them. They're really busy, usually, so they can forget an order here and there, but they're generally good at remembering faces and who ordered first. If you don't get yours and you notice others behind you are getting theirs, just speak up!This is a bit strange for me because I'm not a fan of Chinese takeout-style food (I would put Sang Kee in this category), but I approve of Kim's! It's kind of like disliking Mad Men but loving Jersey Shore - your judgment of quality is all warped.
I've managed to avoid Kim's for two and half years (nearly five semesters in student years) because I figured, if I wrinkle my nose at Chinese food prepared in an actual kitchen, why on Earth would I try it when made out of a truck? But my foodie friend swears by Kim's and now that I've braved its $4 dishes, I must agree that something about it just hits the spot. I got the eggplant tofu, which comes with a steaming heap of slightly sticky white rice (not the drier variety from most takeout places). Succulent eggplant, slivers of onion, and fried tofu drenched in a hearty black bean sauce, yum!
I wouldn't go here often, but it's not a bad choice for some comfort food on a dark, cold evening near finals when you've accepted the long night of studying you have ahead... And by long night of studying, you know I mean being holed up in a corner of the library with a multi-tabbed browser open and lofty intentions but zero focus.Cheap food. Very fast. Recommend the sesame chicken and eggplant with beef.The best Chinese food truck in the university city. The sweet and sour fried fish is my favorite.OMG! I am so jealous of UPenn students!
My boyfriend is a Penn alum and took me here recently for a campus tour. He used to eat from this truck all the time, so it was very fitting for him to take me here as my very last meal during my stay in Philly.
Everything looked so good, and I ended up ordering tomato beef over noodles (it's usually over rice, so this was a custom order). I think it was like $4.50, and we got a drink. The portion was enough to cover my lunch and for my boyfriend to even have a few bites, and it was so yummy!
I wish I had this truck outside my apartment or workplace...I am definitely not a picky eater when it comes to Chinese food, and this is one of the better Chinese food truck on campus. For a very affordable price, you can try a wide range of classic Chinese dishes. I really appreciated the options available. 
The rice is definitely just ok at Kim's, but I think the main dish is well cooked and flavorful. I took my parents there because they were interested in the food truck culture near campus, and as a family who grew up in China, we thought the food was cozy and delicious.This review is strictly on the Vietnamese menu; the Chinese side is still above average.
This was my go to food truck for spring roll on rice vermicelli for YEARS. It was the most authentic rendition of bun cha gio for a food truck, hitting all the textures and flavor profiles that satisfied my craving.
When I returned to the area for work, this was one of my first hits!  I tried it twice (3 if you count the day they didn't have it) to make sure it wasn't an off day.  It was the same both times - old/stale noodles, under fried spring rolls (which were worse the 2nd time) and brown edged lettuce in the salad.
I heard there are new owners so I implore them - either fix the problems (which is really a freshness issue) or just retire the Vietnamese menu.It's fast, cheap, and pretty good. The food is relatively authentic. I'm a fan of the sesame tofu in particular. Only problem is it's always kinda oily -- not much (if at all) more than other Chinese food trucks, but it'd be even better if they used less oil.  Oh, and they don't have brown rice :(Convenient, cost-effective, and absolutely delicious. I come here multiple times a week.
- Orange chicken is bae
- Chicken/pork fried rice is hearty and tasty
- Mapo tofu is a little bit bland and soggy
- Lo mien is a little on the salty side but otherwise solidMy friend ordered the Singapore noodles, and I ordered the chow fun. (HI Salome!) The Singapore noodles were not spicy and did not taste like Singapore noodles at all. The chow fun was much better, but the noodles were a bit overdone so they were mushy. The taste was good though. Reading these other reviews, it seems that we have ordered the wrong things.mapo tofu ftw! i love love LOVE spicy tofu, and this food truck makes it better than all the chinese restaurants in the penn area. plus almost all (if not everything) on the menu is under $5. kim's is parked outside pottruck all day until i think around 8ish pm? i can totally buy both lunch and dinner here everyday and not be bored by my food because there's so many choices.
the lady that takes your orders is so nice and has an incredible memory for matching orders to faces, even when there's like 30 people at a time.3.5 stars.
REALLY good mapo tofu. Don't forget to add an egg.
Kung pao tofu is decent, just note that there are a lot of veggies. Extremely fast, so don't be afraid of the line.
Avoid the stir-fried noodle dishes, like lo mein or chow fun -- they come SWIMMING in grease.Kim's is super fast, but their food isn't all that great. I've had their plain mapo tofu, orange chicken and chili chicken on multiple occasions when I've been pressed for time, but I often find myself wishing I had ordered from Yue Kee's instead.
It's definitely one of the cheapest food trucks on campus though and I can't complain about how efficient they are - you generally never have to wait any longer than 5 minutes for your food.Consistently great-tasting Chinese food that's ready quickly, almost always priced under $5, and served with a smile.  Portions are very generous and don't skimp on meat.  I recommend the sesame chicken, lo mein, and Vietnamese rice and rice noodle dishes.I never ate from a food truck before I came to Philadelphia. What is up with this city's love affair with these sketchy mobile restaurants? But, forced by necessity, for the last many many months, I've made food trucks a lunch time routine.
Kim's is one of the best Chinese food trucks in the University City/Penn area. The Lee Anh's (yes, both of the "real" ones) - well to be nice, I just don't know how they're still in business. Oh wait, I do. They sell heavily bastardized American Chinese food that tastebud-less Penn kids seem to love. Kim's is somewhat more authentic, and more tasty. The clientele of Kim's reflects this fact; a lot of the customers are Chinese and Chinese-Americans.
The woman who works the counter is very nice too and just got married a couple of months ago. She knows my order by heart. We've gotten to the symbiotic point where she asks if I want hot sauce added even if I forgot to say it. One time I biked off without paying, only remembering a few hours later. She was really cool about it when I returned to pay.
What to get? I ate their delicious ginger chicken for a couple of months daily (needlesstosay, I haven't ordered it for a couple of months now either). Their orange chicken is good, as is their BBQ short ribs. Occasionally when I'm feeling unhealthy, I'll indulge with their fried fish platter. I usually add an optional marinated egg to my order.Discovered a great Chinese food truck near Penn! It's in the alleyway right behind pottruck the gym and I was actually quite surprised at how good this was! I ordered sesame chicken and it was $5.50. The price isn't too bad and the chicken was very meaty and didn't have too much coating on it. Some places don't give that much chicken but this food truck gave a lot of chicken and the balance was good with the steamed broccoli. There wasn't much of a line so I waited for only about 10 minutes to get my food. Very delicious Chinese food and highly recommend !How this truck is rated below Yue Kee is one of the most puzzling of life's mysteries, but I'd venture to say that it might be because about 85% of the satisfied clientele is from China and doesn't know what Yelp is. 
The meat dishes actually contain a sizeable portion of meat (and isn't 150% bamboo shoots like Yue Kee), the rice has the consistency of sticky rice as opposed to pebbles, and I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes.  Which is to say the food is better than most of the Chinese sit-down places in University City.  Get the Beef Mapo Tofu, Orange Chicken, or Sesame Chicken.  Stay away from noodles, as you generally should at all food trucks.
9/30/2012 EDIT: The owners have changed.  The rice is undercooked, the portions are smaller, and the Ma Po Tofu comes out still a little gelatinous.  :(It's a bit tricky to find but it's next to Penn's Pottruck gym on the window side with the treadmills  I never thought this would be my first food cart would leave a positive impression.  This place has solid food that is also wallet-friendly, even though it is cash only (probably like other food trucks).  I think the most expensive thing meal there may be only $5, and that's squid.  I have never had it, but that sounds like a rockin' deal to me.  I got the chicken Singapore noodles with just egg.  It normally comes with other veggies such as carrots, peppers, onions, and cabbage but I like my noodles simple and easy to eat.  It was a good amount of curry flavor (unlike may other places I have been to). I didn't even have to add extra McCormick's curry powder to it!  I also tried the lemongrass beef.  This one was good, had it been beef broccoli. I couldn't really taste any lemongrass. It was still decent.
The service is also really friendly.  It's uncommon to find friendly and polite foreigners in my opinion.  They tend to be brusque and lack basic etiquette (that you will commonly see in Chinatown) but the people here are very gentle and pleasant.  They have earned my support.Important notes: They usually run out of chow fun by 2 PM and restock around 5:15 PM. I was the unfortunate soul who came at 4:45 PM hoping to beat the dinner rush but instead was met with "we don't have any meat and also no chow fun". Literally walked from 40th street to eat pork chow fun -.- HOWEVER, when they do have all their ingredients, they give you super hefty portions that satisfy my chow fun cravings like no other. I'm pretty sure I can eat their entire chow fun box in less than 3 minutes. Great for the price, cash only and lunch waits can take a while so I'd recommend calling in beforehand.Close second to Yuekees for cheap, tasty Chinese food. It's been a while since I've been at Penn, but I remember liking 2 particular dishes at Kim's: Ginger Chicken and a beef dish called "Niu Nan Fan." 
Both are cooked ahead of time and really tender, and are more traditional dishes. I'm not sure what kind of rice they use, but it almost seemed like they mixed some sticky rice with regular rice-- the texture was great.
The other dishes seemed more Americanized and glopped over with heavy sauces-- was not a big fan of that.
If I'm ever back in Philly one day...I will be sure to stop back.Nothing I've had at Kim's was very good, but they serve edible food.
Chow fun (rice noodle) with cubes of fried tofu and slivers of veggies (bean sprouts, napa cabbage, carrot, green pepper) was properly cooked and edible. However, it was bland & lacked any flavour.  It didn't have any "wok flavour" either. Without the 4 spoons of chili sauce I asked for, there would've been barely any taste at all. (The chili sauce was all right, but not the best style to accompany the dish. This was the fresh red chili pepper style.)  $4.50
Green pepper and squid (and onions), served with white rice, was also properly cooked and edible, but bland.  $5.00
Tofu eggplant was similarly bland and edible.
Kim's is a place to buy food when you need it & can't be bothered to go anywhere else. If you don't expect tasty food, you'll be fine.Kim's. Always solid, always delicious, always satisfying, and ALWAYS worth the judging looks of all the people beating their bodies and making it their slaves in the Pottruck first floor gym.
When I crave Americanized Chinese food like General Tso's and Sesame Chicken, I know that Kim's will consistently hit the spot at a price point that is just unbeatable. My go-to dishes at this truck are the Eggplant Chicken and Sesame Chicken. When I'm feeling something more comforting akin to a stew my mama might make, I go for the Ginger Chicken. The service is so fast that even when you're standing among the hordes of Sansom international students who come here for their motherland fare, your wait is still around 5 minutes.
Note: Food is best consumed after, not before, your Pottruck work-out.This place is insanely cheap and insanely fast. The girl taking orders is incredible--she probably memorizes 10-15 orders at a time, especially during busy hours. If you're really in a rush to get to class get the ginger chicken or oriental beef. These are pre-made in a giant pot, so they come out quickly. Once they run out though, that's it for the day.This Chinese food truck is pretty decent for its prices! You can get an entire to-go plate full of an entrée of your choice for $4 - $5. It doesn't get any cheaper than that. 
They have both Chinese and Vietnamese options. My friends and I tried the subgum lo mein, subgum lemon grass on rice, and subgum lemon grass on rice noodle (yeah we def loved the way the subgum sounded). If you haven't heard of it, subgum is a type of chinese option that contains a mixture of meats, seafood, and mixed vegetables. 
Sadly, the rice noodle option was a disappointment. It was as if they didn't cook the noodles all way and it tasted borderline raw. On a more pleasant note, the subgum rice option was a better choice between the two vietnamese choices we had. However, the lo mein was the best! Definitely going with the Chinese option from now on. 
I think what makes this food truck worth coming back is their portions! It's pretty generous, enough to eat half and save some for later.Not a fan... I had it twice a while back (sweet and sour chicken once and chicken lo mein the other), both times it was borderline edible and honestly, I question food that comes from a truck (other than the fruit salad carts, those are awesome).  I know people who eat here pretty regularly and never ever understood it, I'd rather go to wawa and get a sandwich.I have to give Kim's 5 stars purely because of how often I find myself here, as it's right across from Huntsman and next to Pottruck (not that I'm often there, haha).
Kim is relatively prompt, and there's a nice system where everyone who has ordered stands away from the food truck (other trucks are more confusing). The menu can be a little daunting with so many options, but my favorites are Boneless Spare Ribs, Ginger Chicken, and Sesame Chicken. Yes, they're Americanized... but this is actually how I like it! I've only had a miss or two in all of my 30+ times here--and then I decide to try a different dish, which I find to be great too!
Although Kim doesn't really make conversation when she's busy taking and remembering orders, I'm always impressed that she'll yell out your dish in whichever language you ordered in once it's ready! I've been here many times, and she has yet to fail.If there's a King's Wok replacement in University City (heck in Philadelphia...) this is it. Order the oriental beef and it'll be ready in 3 minutes. The food is piping hot and tastes very tender and fresh. This truck doesn't come with a free beverage that most others market, but they make it up with their food. It's like sub $5 for instant food, perfect for the starving college student or penny-pincher. The portion size is gihugic... and conveniently located next to the Penn gym to undo your workouts. Not on the way home from work for me, or I would frequent on the regular.The food itself is okay, but man, how can you complain for something that's literally $5? Portions are big enough to feed a growing boy that just came out of the gym where it is conveniently located next to. 
I wasn't super impressed and the line was pretty long but overall it was still yummy and worth it. Definitely stop by when you get a chance.Another one of my favorite food cards on campus, for several reasons.
Their menu has a HUGE variety. Whether you're looking for chicken, pork, beef, something vegetarian, anything, they have it. And it about 10 different styles.
Their prices are unbelievably cheap. For $4-5, you can get a full lunch plus some. Their portions are also fairly big.
They are super fast. I have never waited for my food for more than five minutes, even when there is a 20 person line during lunch hour.
And it's delicious. I honestly can't believe that some of those dishes come from a food truck. Sometimes Chinese food trucks turn me off because the food has too much of an MSG after taste or the flavors they use just don't mesh. However, Kim's never disappoints and I'm constantly finding meals I like.
Dishes to try: Eggplant with Garlic Sauce, Mapo Tofu (with pork), Oriental Beef, Ginger Chicken, Shrimp Lo Mein.