The $12 all-you-can-eat dim sum is a whole lot of MSG-filled junk food, but if you walk into any restaurant with pink plastic tablecloths and expect five star cuisine, well, I just don't know.
This is pretty much the generic brand cheetos of chinese food. I'm not ashamed to admit that sometimes, it's just what I want. With a bottle of wine. Because I am classy like that.What this place lacks in ambience, it makes up for with food! Really great vegan Chinese food at incredible prices. You will spend very little, but get very much! It's a little weird that the food comes down through an elevator, but hey, they always do takeout! Highly recommend!Ahhh first loves! This was my first vegetarian restaurant ever. And in my mind it is still the best. The quiet atmosphere is so peaceful. The dim sum chicken balls are amazing. The General Tsao's Chicken is amazing....even though I live in the Bay Area now with tons of chinese veggie restaurants (at least 6 within a 15 minute drive) at my disposal...my heart longs for my Kingdom!I went to KOV with a co-worker after reading some of the Reviews. I've been to Singapore so I knew what i was in for and has no problem with the cuisine. 
The food was a solid 7 on a 10 point scale. I admit I like Singapore's wheat gluten better, but KOV is pretty good! I ordered the Sesame Chicken lunch special for 6.95 and it came with wonton soup and rice. 
The chicken and rice were great. The chicken pieces were crispy and tasted really good. 
The wonton soup was a disaster. It was two wontons floating in a yellowish colored liquid which was pretty flavorless. I bit into my wonton and the only thing that came to mind was "meh". 
I'll hit this spot up again, but I have to admit, Singapore is a slightly better option... but only slightly.was a big fan of this place, back when ming ran it.  but it's now just a sad shell of its former glory.  i'm honestly surprised it's still in business with new harmony and singapore both less than 2 blocks away.
c'est la vie.CHANGE OF OWNERS.
You no longer get your gigantic bowl of rice :( Not that I need it, but it was nice to get that fake silver bowl full of rice for the table to share. 
Last time i was there i waited an hour and a half for the first part of my food, the second part came out wrong and I waited another half an hour. My friend and I finished a gigantic bottle of wine before our second plate got to the table. And then the waitress tried to blame us for not telling her the right order when I pointed and said the number out loud.
I'm never going back. Go to New Harmony.The all you can eat dim sum is awesome. --- if you're okay with everything being very very very fried. The mock meat is great. They are understandably territorial about the unlimited food. It's a really fun place to go and very laid back. Everything is vegan, too.Alas, the Kingdom of Vegetarians is no more! After changing owners a few years back and going downhill, it has now ceased to exist altogether. Go to New Harmony--owned by the same folks as the old Kingdom, with much the same menu!Good stuff.  I'm not usually a fan of mock meats, but this stuff is pretty good.  The dim sum is a good deal, especially if you want to sample things.  It is all you can eat.  The dumplings were good, as were the taro cakes.  I wasn't crazy about the bao (too sweet) or the spring rolls.  Unlike regular dim sum, these dishes didn't leave me with a heavy feeling in my stomach.  I really enjoyed the cold sesame noodles. The noodles tasted fresh and homemade.  I totally forgot to get the fried bananas!  I was too full from dinner.I've been eating at Kingdom for a few years now, but I was compelled to write my review last night after eating the cumin lamb.  The waitress gave us our menus and suggested the dish with a huge smile, describing it as "A little bit spicy, and amazingly delicious!"  Not so spicy, but holy crap she was right about the delicious part.  Two meat eaters at the table were amazed by how much it tasted like real lamb.  I was a bit freaked out by this and almost asked the waitress to make sure I didn't accidentally get real meat. 
Two meat eaters at a vegetarian restaurant?  Yes, my friends.  Kingdom is one of those rare places where you can take a carniphile and they'll find something they love while your vegetarian options know no bounds.  I have an omnivore friend who said for years that their General Tso's chicken would be his death row meal.  It wouldn't be my choice, but, Lord, it is good.
I did do the all you can eat dim sum one night and probably wouldn't do it again.  There was more in the lineup that I didn't enjoy than what I did.  I, personally, would rather do a smorgasbord of dim sum al a carte and save room for the tastiest morsels.  Still, you should try it, especially if you want to broaden your horizons a bit.I have eaten here twice, and the first meal was excellent but the second was just fair. The orange beef I had on my first visit was delicious-- crisp and flavorful, not too sweet, and with an assertive orange flavor. The tofu and vegetable soup was good too, with a colorful mix of vegetables cooked just right in a light broth. When I returned I tried the yu xiang rou si (I forget the English name... pork in garlic sauce perhaps?) and it was just so-so, not much flavor in the sauce, vegetables slightly overcooked, and "meat" sodden and not well-textured. Clearly some dishes here are better than others.
The proprietors are pleasant, the decor is charmingly seedy, and they play bad covers of soft pop songs on the sound system.I should give this one star due to the fact that myself and a handful of my friends eventually were kicked out of the "all you can eat" buffet, however..
..this is the best deal for killer vegan cuisine and I pine for it all the time. Any excuse I have to be near philadelphia includes a visit to KoV. Great flavors, riffs on traditional fare, do the dim sum mosh.I stumbled upon Kingdom six years ago on a stroll and I've been going back ever since.  I love this place!  I usually go with another person and order the Dinner for Two which is a sweet deal and you get plenty of leftovers.  The lunch specials are good, they offer that from 11am-3pm, don't expect anything to fancy.  The waitstaff is always nice and on top of everything.  Although, I didn't have any they also have started offering vegan cheesecake from Lotus cake studio.
ETA: 11/1/06 The vegan cheesecake is the best cheesecake I've ever had.  It's solid, isn't overpowered by sweetness like some vegan cheesecake, and it melts in your mouth!  Delicious!Kingdom of Vegetarians is amazing! Authentic and yummy Asian (mainly Chinese flair) food. I love the "mock" chicken the best. I am not a fan of "real" chicken at all, but these KOV chickens are awesome!
Their soups and salads and appetizers are also out of this world. If I still lived in Philly, I would be dining in this restaurant at least once a week. This is one of my most missed restaurants in Philly. ::Sigh::
If you haven't gathered it so far--I highly recommend this restaurant! Go eat there now! Very affordable prices, nice wait staff, very eclectic and unique menu and atmosphere. Whether you are a vegetarian or not this is the place to eat!Really great food in a casual setting. I tried the hot and sour soup, maw pow tofu, and the kung pao "chicken", all items were served in large tasty portions. The food was  appropriately spicy and all entrees were more than enough food for two meals.
One down slight down side was a not so clean bathroom. I would come back again for good food and cheap eats.I've been here a few times and the food is great!  I have tried a few of their entrees including the black bean "chicken" and general tso's.  The best is the $10 a person all-you-can-eat dim sum.  I went here once on my birthday and we just ate and ate and ate. The dumplings are fantastic, especially the dragon dumplings.  Also, fried bananas or fried taro cakes... how can you really go wrong.  I never leave this place hungry and it is as good and sometimes better than most of the food in Chinatown.
If you order the dim sum feast you don't have to wait at all.  They just start bringing out food until you tell them you can't eat anymore.  Love it.super yummy! and suuuuper affordable! I was in love with the 80s pink table cloth with the plastic cover but i was even more in love with the food. we went on a saturday night and we were the only two people in there - but i prefer it that way. they don't serve alcohol but the waiter sent out his boy to get us some - real nice. the food, though not at all healthy, was so delicious. def going back. but not until i have fully worked off all the fried goodness.Every visit to Philadelphia requires a visit to this lovely establishment. All-u-can eat veggie dim sum = fabulousness. Serious fabulousness. I love this place so much, I wish I could wrap it up and take it home with me.I really want to love this place like I once did. I've been coming to Kingdom of Vegetarians for 11 years. It was the first restaurant I ever ate at in the city when I moved here. It was great! Generous portions of deliciously, lovingly prepared vegetarian food. Although I, myself am not vegetarian, I always came here because the food was just that good.
Apparently, they have changed owners in the last year. Things are terrible. I went with a friend to have dim sum there today, which I remember being wonderful from my last visit. It was a nightmare! The dim sum menu has shrunk exponentially and the food is just...a...well I would say 'hot', but it came out luke warm...a luke warm mess. Oily, bland and not fresh. We ordered several dim sum dishes and soup and were told while ordering that "They don't like to only make dim sum on weekends so you have to order entrees." As much as this pissed me off, we still ordered one. A run down of what we ordered follows:
Chicken and Snow Pea entree - oddly gelatinous! only 3 pieces of 'chicken' in the whole dish and for almost $12, they can suck it!
Hot and Sour Soup - gelatinous yet again and served almost cold.
Scallion Pancakes - oily and w/o any type of sauce accompaniment.
Coconut Triangles - I really don't think there was any coconut in these at all. More like red bean triangles.
Pan Fried Turnip Cake - Oily with no flavor.
 Steamed Veggie Dumplings - which I'm reasonably sure we did not order - salty and mushy and all around not fresh! My friend actually spit this out.
Steamed Spinach Buns - Ehh.
Friend Bananas - The only thing that was half-way decent. 
I'm really sad about this place. We've really lost a gem. If you are looking for great vegetarian asian food, go to Singapore or Rangoon. Don't waste your money here.After tonight's experience, I wish i could give it zero stars.
I have been to kingdom several times and enjoyed it until today.
My glass of water was filthy.  I dont mean that it had a little smudge of something.  It looked a little more like a plant had been in it before, and there were greenish pieces of mold or i dont even know what on the sides of the glass..
I tried to ignore that.
We ordered lemon beef, which usually tastes pretty good.  
But there was a cockroach in our food.
We are never going back.This is a nice spot to eat in Philly.  It's nearly across the street from the convention center.  The staff is friendly, offering good suggestions on what to order.  The pina colada smoothie (no alcohol) was a super tasty.  I recommend the General Tso's tufu as a lunch special.
Would recommend to anyone who needs a tasty, vegetarian bite to eat near the convention center.I was hoping this restaurant would compare to Sunflower in DC or Zen Palate in New York, but instead it's closer to Bamboo Garden in Seattle.  Instead of treating their food like what it is - a meat substitute - they treat it like it's regular meat, calling it pork and beef and chicken.  As a result, omnivores coming here will find themselves disappointed, because the seitan and gluten don't really resemble meat.
I happen to love seitan myself, but Kingdom of Vegetarians didn't really present it in a way I'm used to.  It was limp instead of chewy.  It tasted pretty good, but it just wasn't what I was expecting.  I gave it three stars because it was a nice experience - the service was excellent, and the prices were GREAT.  But the food just wasn't all I was hoping for, or it would have gotten more.  (The "dim sum" offerings were great though - sesame noodles and sesame balls were both outstanding!)
The parking we found happened to be RIGHT outside Singapore Kosher Vegetarian, around the corner, but I decided to stick with the plan and go to Kingdom.  I suppose I'll always wonder if Singapore would have been better...It's ok, but just ok. Xu Xuing (sp?) on Samson and 15th is vegan and sooooooooooooooooo much better, but does not have supervision.I eat loads of vegetarian food when I'm out or ordering takeout, I'm not a vegetarian that's just how I roll.  Kingdom of Vegetarians was the first Chinese Vegetarian place I've been too, and it holds a soft spot in my heart even though Singapore is a lot better.  Kingdom has got a really good sesame sauce for their sesame dishes and the lemon chicken is delish!  
I do not get why they keep the sauce separated from the meat when I get it as takeout though.  I like eating out of the carton and have to actually PLATE my own food.  Very distressing!So apparently this place has fallen under new management, and it shows. The food was so-so (not as good as it used to be), but the service was absolutely terrible. We were not checked up on even once, and the waitress lingered at the table after bringing my credit card receipt back to try to coerce me into tipping her. Ha! Nice try. They only had three tables going but just could not get it together. Su Xing has much better food, service and atmosphere. Try there instead.The cumin "lamb" is unbelievable.  Other items are delicious as well.  Good value and friendly service.Went there for the first time last night, in town for the library conference, and after perusing the miles and miles of menu options (which included some very economically priced full-dinner "package" options for individuals as well as groups of different sizes), we decided the all you can eat $10 dim sum was the way to go.
The $10 dim sum is *brilliant*.  They just start bringing random dumplings, buns, and other assorted tasty bits to your table, until you stop eating.  The variety was excellent, and all of the veggie meat stuff was high-quality and very tasty.
What everyone says about the fried bananas is true, they are *priceless*. And, their fortune cookies are home made.  How can you beat that?
Lots of 4-person tables, just a few giant (maybe 10-person?) tables, so it's great for an intimate dinner for 2-4.  It looks like a hole in the wall, from the outside, but it's niceish on the inside, just what every local Chinese joint should be.
I'll definitely come back the next time I'm in town!The Kingdom is pretty close to my place of work so it's a good option for a veggie friendly lunch that isn't a salad and doesn't come with the cost of getting food at Reading Terminal. 
On food alone this place deserved 4 stars. I recommend the eggplant with garlic sauce lunch special. You get more than enough food and it comes with rice and soup. The garlic sauce is really good and they give you plenty of eggplant and tofu to accompany it.  
The service can use a little work, however. The first time I was there I had placed an order online ahead of time because I was on a tight schedule. When i went to the restaurant to pick up my food they had no idea I had placed an order because their system was down. It didn't take too long for them to prepare the food (10-15 minutes maybe) but it would've been nice if it had just been ready. 
The second time I stopped by during lunch I stayed there to eat. The entrees came out before the appetizer which we thought they had forgotten about and then I had to get up from the table and go to the waitstaff to ask for my check after realizing they weren't about to deliver it any time soon. 
Overall- good place to grab a quick, cheap meal if you're a veg. Phone in the order- don't use the online system.homemade style tofu, string beans sz style, eggplant, good karma...all goodNEWSFLASH: Ming sold the business!   I just got a phone call from him and he urged me to support his other restaurant (New Harmony).   I am very divided.  I have been going to Kindom since the week it opened... on and off for periods of time I would go several times per week.  Ming and his staff knew me by name!  I always liked this restaurant better that Harmony.    
as for a review: $10 all you can eat sounds tempting but trust me, it only makes sense if you are with a group of 4 or more people.  it's cheaper to order the things you like a la carte instead of filling up on a scallian pancake!   the lunch specials here can't be beat.  hope the new owners continue the tradition.   it's been one of my favorite places to eat for more than a decade!I found the food here to be quite disappointing. I had the Beef Chow Fun and a Chicken Hot Pepper with Broccoli, both of which were bland, oily, and generally uninspired. The mockmeats were both gooey and had the texture of steak fat. While I appreciated the quantity and variety of vegetables they offered in each dish, the flat tastes and the low-quality mockmeats made this place a major disappointment. I also tried their mango vegan cheesecake, and it tasted all right, but was clearly not fresh.Despite the fact that we ordered way too much fried stuff, the food was good. Not amazing, but certainly tasty and great for the price. The scallion pancakes are definitely worth having.Holy cow, is that a lot of food.  This place is crazy delicious and worth a visit anytime other than when you're seeking a "small snack."  The veggie dim sum is an incredible deal at $12, but I found myself struggling to keep up with my tiny vegetarian girlfriend and then feeling guilty about the food we'd left behind.
High points: 
-The pork buns are great, but be aware: super filling!
-Sesame chicken had a great consistency and a cruncy sesame coating.
-I was a big fan of the spinach dumplings. 
-Fried bananas = mmmm.
-Learn about buddhism from one of the free books available by the front door.
Summary: Yum.  Eat (more than you probably should) here.It was a bit uncomfortable when I entered as nobody but the workers were sitting there, but they were friendly and quick. They stated that all items were vegan. I dined alone so they said that the dimsum special would be too much. Instead I sampled a limited number of items. I had the vege buns (3 came with 1 order), scallion pancakes, and tofu rolls (3 per order) for about $10. Everything was just okay and improved with a side order of chili oil. It was cheap considering I took half the order to go. But the guy threw away the dipping sauce I had mixed with the chili oil, so when I ate the leftovers the sauce was too sweet and bland.yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum
Most delicious EVERY THING in the city so far.
I never knew you could have a large menu where every last bit was incredible.
The food comes out super quick usually so you won't be tempted to fill up on tea.
If you haven't tried Kingdom yet, you haven't been living a full life.great googly moogly was this place fantastic!!! i want to eat the cold sesame noodles until i burst. everything was absolutely wonderful....i really can't believe it took me this long to get there.
even the smallfry loved it!Kitsch factor figures here.  There's the name, and then there's the metal box on the wall with the light that goes on when food is up.  Yet while this is an interesting, Jetsonsesque touch, the funny dumbwaiter isn't enough to keep us coming back.  Although vegetarian, the food is exceptionally greasy.  The broccoli "beef" came in a mayonnaise sauce that was straight up nasty.  I'd echo Kedar's review that the mockmeats were, in general, "gooey," assuming that's not meant as a good thing.   One star for being a vegetarian place.  One star for the dumbwaiter.  No more stars for Kingdom of Vegetarians.The food really keeps this place afloat, because the cafeteria décor and the strange service aren't cutting it. It's unusual to have appetizers arrive at the end of the meal, rather than prior to the entrées coming out. My date and I brought wine, and after we had poured we found ourselves pestered by fruit flies for the rest of our meal. Fortunately, neither of us are squeamish and we waved the little buggers away. The roast pork buns we ordered were, in fact, red bean paste buns; I've had both there before and know the difference. 
On a positive note, my date and I found both of our entrées delicious and the servings generous. She had the sweet & sour pork, which we both found to be indistinguishable from the genuine article. I had their signature cumin lamb, which, I was informed by the server, has undergone a change in recipe since I last had it. It's now a firmer product and the exterior feels like it is possibly deep fried rather than stir fried. I also found it to be very salty, and I love salty food. If it was salty to me, it would probably give a lot of folks pause. I hope it was just a one-time error and not reflective of the new recipe.Mmmm... vegan dim sum... very tasty! This place is not expensive at all and has great food.  Even my meat-eating boyfriend (who grew up on carnivorous Chinese food) enjoyed the food.I'm a meat eater, and I thought New Harmony was pretty darn tasty. 
We had spring rolls, General Tso's "chicken," orange "beef," and steamed "pork" buns. Everything was tasty, and while the "chicken" was the least convincing of the four dishes, it was good for what it was. The "pork" buns definitely could have fooled me! They were so good. I would definitely go back here.This place is amazing!  You must try the dim sum. For only $10, the waiter brings you appetizer after appetizer until you can't take it anymore. First course starts out with scallion pancakes, spring rolls and sesame chicken.  Next course is steamed dumplings, bean curd and pork buns.  The sesame chicken has to be my favorite, and we always get more if our stomachs will allow it. The madness continues when you get your check, because it comes with fortune cookies and banana fritters.  The staff is great.  Excellent food and an excellent value!  Definitely one of my favorite places in chinatown.Nice to find a real, legit vegetarial place in Chinatown. They made my takeout order quite quickly, although I came in during a low time and only a few customers were sitting. The eggrolls were quite large and not too greasy. Could have been enough, but I also had some veggies with tofu. Nice place, would strongly consider going back again. The downside: I'd listed a few foods I didn't like while going though the menu with the owner, a few of which I found in my meal: mushrooms, bean curd. PIcked them out, and enjoyed the meal!! Could have also been a tad more flavorful, but still good (points for not being too salty)I would order here so often, the owner (?) knew me by my order and would always throw in a bonus or two.  Everything is always cooked well and very flavorful.  Definitely get the general's chicken...and if up for dessert, the fried banana.This place totally rocks, vegetarian or not. Honestly, I could bring some hardcore carnivores in here and with some dishes I don't think they would ever even notice...its that good. The Dim Sum will humble you, and even the regular menu items pack a whallop. I've brought many a friend here and they all loved it. The Scallion Pancakes still rate among the best I've ever had, anywhere, and the "chicken" dishes are uniformly excellent. Never had anything but pleasant service and good times, even after several years.This place truly provides a magical vegetable meat experience.I went to Kingdom about a week ago, and I think I'm *still* full. Their $12 dim sum is SO much food-- plan on it being your only meal of the day!  We went with a friend who is our human vacuum cleaner, and even he couldn't finish it all.
Some dishes can be a little too greasy, but it's mostly deliciously savory. We've been many, many times, and the menu usually varies a little bit each time. Their tofu-skin rolls are fantastic, as are the steamed  "pork" buns. (Eat them hot, or else they turn into sad, cold lumps.) Remember to save room for the fried bananas at the end!
The owner is super-friendly (and she didn't mind when we broke her corkscrew.) If you're vegetarian or otherwise uninitiated into "regular" dim sum, you'll find vegetarian dim sum at Kingdom to be an easy, enjoyable experience that will fill you to the gills with food.SLOW SERVICE (45mins wait for food!).
Service was rather inattentive.  Cheap ass decor and ugly plastic table clothes.  Food was meh (avoid the crispy faux-chicken).  Bad rice.  Generally, the place felt desperate.There aren't worser feelings than that of being robbed while hungry in the pursuit of some well anticipated grub. 
There is another vegan restaurant that I frequent just a couple doors down,  I did not eat there today, well that's for another review. 
I was happy to walk into this place for the very first time. It's Chinatown, so I was not expecting the interior to look better than the ankle hooking pavements and I was not disappointed. Dismal atmosphere, cheap looking decor.  I was hungry, excited and in a hurry, so I ordered something to go. Large menu, included mock meats(my favorite). My palate helped with the choosing and we went with number 50- "sweet and sour spare ribs": $8.95. While I waited (27mins. That was too damn long, even if they had to turn a pig into tofu) I imargined that my food would look like real sweet and sour spare ribs, I imagined the creativity of it having wooden sticks in there to mimick bone if necessary, I imargined it being slabs of succulent plant protien. 
She finally brought it out accompanied by some bs story that they did not have the ribs they usually used, and that the cook used something that was more expensive. She showed it to me and I wanted to cry. That did not look any thing like *RIBS. It was battered fried balls of something. I tasted one ball and I quickly identified the mock meat in the center as chik'n i've had b4. It was 8o% flour batter, I was not going to eat all that dough. I threw it out. I've been robbed. I'll never go back. Being vegan does not mean we have to eat crap.   
I took a pic, wish i could attach it
*RIBS= like the "morning star bbq ribs"My husband and his vegan friend rave about this place. They go there whenver they are in Philly so I had to try it when we were up there for a wedding. 
I will say it's not pretty but it has a charm that comes from the friendly service. Basically, you order the dim sum all you can eat for two. It's only like $10 and you get so much food. They bring you about 8 dishes of vegetarian dim sum, and it's enough to make you sick. My only complaint is that is it a bit greasy. And I would classify it as Chinese comfort foods so heavy on the fried, heavy breading and starches.
But I will definitely being going back for some more dim sum.one of the best things about going to see a show at the troc is grabbing pre-show eats in chinatown, which is exactly what i did this past friday nite. instead of catching the sunbears, kingdom served as our opening act for the black kids/mates of state show! 
i dined with my brother who, while most definitely not a veg like his big sis, does really like tofu and trying new things which amazes me to no end considering that growing up the boy was the plainest/pickiest eater ever! i guess working in the industry will do that to you.
while i am a huge fan of their all you can eat dim sum, we were only 2 people with a limited window of time, so we kept it a la carte. we ordered the steamed dragon dumplings to start, i went with the kung pao "chicken" and my bro chose the bean curd sizzling platter as he wasn't too keen on the faux meat thing. our entrees came out a good 10 minutes BEFORE the dumplings app, and my brother was presented with a sizzling platter of "beef" instead of bean curd???
we didn't mind rolling with the punches, tho it was kinda odd, especially as we questioned it when she set the platter on our table ("is this the bean curd?" "yes, sizzling beef!") also, neither dish was spicy as had been advertised by the red color on the menu, tho we can't really count the beef as that may not have been intended to be so. 
thankfully, my brother the foodie LOVED his entree, as well as mine, and i sent him home with our leftovers. while the mix-up did provide us with a very tasty surprise, next time i'll be sure to order by number instead of description.You know how sometimes you wake up in the morning, still intoxicated in some manner from the night before?
That's how Kingdom of Vegetarians was for me, except it was with a monumental sense of fullness. An almost disgusting sense of fullness. I'm usually good with portions, but my friend and I ate and ate here until we thought we might throw up.
I apologize if you're reading this right before you're about to eat, but it's the truth.
We came here for the unlimited Dim Sum, a holy grail I'd heard about. I haven't eaten dim sum since I was a child, but as I understood it, there are, you know, carts that get wheeled around and you take what you want. At Kingdom of Vegetarians, our waitress (who was super duper nice by the way) brought us plates and plates of food and put them on our table. I have a good middle class upbringing, and I was taught that you need to finish what's on your plate.
What a terrible idea. We ate and ate, but couldn't finish! The more we ate, the more she brought! We finally had to just ask her to stop. She brought us dessert and the check and then we rolled out the door. By the way, you must save room for the fried bananas. Maybe put them in a tupperware when you leave.
The food itself was pretty good, nothing to write home about per se, but we didn't get to try everything. I think it would have been a better experience with more people to share the food or a lesser sense of guilt. I'll try it again sometime.Man, I love Kingdom of Vegetarians! I am no longer a vegetarian, but my boyfriend and I come here probably at least once a month for a quiet, cheap dinner.  The owner is very warm and service is very fast.  I find seitan doesn't really re-heat well, so we usually split an entree and get a few appetizers to avoid any leftovers.
I love the orange beef.  The owner laughs at us, because I ALWAYS get it.  In the past, we have gotten a free soup thrown in, or other times gotten a yummy fried banana instead of fortune cookies at the end.Cheap plastic laminates adhered to various surfaces, bright fluorescent lights set into a 2'x2' acoustical ceiling (yellowing in spots), transparent vinyl tablecloths protecting decorative fabrics, gentle female crooning of a traditional chinese song on the speakers... a dumbwaiter delivers sustenance from a kitchen relegated to another floor.  This is my kind of chinese restaurant.  Oh and of course 100% vegetarian.  Saturday night, 8pm.  The three tables seated are all placed towards the back of the restaurant, safely away from the storefront windows that would give passerby any inkling of lively business.  
So we're off to a good start.  I feel like I'm Seinfeld in my local haunt. This setting was conducive for some unpretentious relaxation.  No matter the overly lit space.  I felt clear headed at the table... my mood ventured towards nostalgia.  Hot tea, water... and BYOB friendly, I sip a bottle of beer as we order.  I'm in a great mood here folks.  
The manner in which this place rubbed my spirits meant that the meal itself was all the more of a let-down.  My wife and I spent several minutes contemplating the large menu, broken down by seemingly random categories.  For a starter we get an order of the pan-fried vegetable dumplings.  ehh. Thick shell.  pudgy and doughy, no pronounced flavors.  Seems store-bought.  hmmm... my expectations were high and so far I'm disappointed. Minutes later the dumbwaiter opens it's jaw and offers up our two entrees:
- string bean szechuan style.  Highlight of the meal.  fresh beans with a nice chargrilled flavor combined with cut peppers for a simple, clean delight.  Still, as much as I enjoyed this dish, a one-note entree should assist a more robust meal, the heavy hitter so to speak... but unfortunately the accompanying entree did NOT deliver.
- general tso's tofu.  mediocre, chewy chunks of tofu bathing in a heavy, saccarine brown sauce.  The broccoli was at least crisp.  But damn I'm feeling let down.
So what to make of this place?  Overall I was disappointed with the food, but still left the restaurant joyous.  I think the place deserves another visit.Deee-licious.  They've raised the prices for the all-you-can eat dim sum to $12 per person, but that's okay because I'm pretty sure my friends and I ate half the restaurant today.  (Hey, you bike from West Philly to Chinatown at lunchtime and see how hungry YOU are!)
Kingdom of Vegetarians scoffs at the peons who may confuse its all-you-can eat offerings with some sort of dim sum buffet.  Here, you get the menu and your pick of it for $12.  For a party of four, we literally covered three small tables in food.  I'm pretty sure I eat something new (in addition to my standbys) every time I go.  Speaking of standbys, the sesame chicken has been hit-or-miss lately, but the pork buns are stellar, as always.  The proprietor also offered us their special blend of iced tea with our meal (he must have noticed how exhausted I looked when I arrived) - it was delicious!
The only things holding this place back from five stars are the atmosphere (it's dark and bland inside, with smooth jazz playing on the stereo), and the fact that you have to pay two extra dollars for this experience nowadays.Went for my first trip to Chinatown. The food was good. It upset my stomach later but it tasted good. The fired bananas were great!Loved the food, the staff, and the location. I just wish more people came here! I was the only one there after a group of ladies left as I came in.
I had the banana fritters (delish w a little sprinkle of sugar) and the thai fried rice (uber spicy, but leftovers were a little better).
This place totally hit the spot. I can't wait to come back on my next work-related visit to Philly.Love this place.  Great lunch specials- delicious and very economical.  Excellent hot and sour soup.  Excellent eggplant with hot garlic sauce.  I have several times brought die-hard meat eaters here and they were very very pleased with the General Tso's "chicken."  The decor is a little silly, but its passable.  Their tea is soothing.  They also have a nice selection of freshly made juices.  The two that I have had were a real treat :).
Would give it five stars, except one time when I visited, I had a very greasy meal- which was a little disappointing and not consistent with the meals I generally have had there.So. Much. Food.
A word of warning... pork buns (or 'pork bombs' as i like to call them) equal MEAL ENDER. 
I didn't know much about Kingdom before I went and as soon as I was handed a menu I was told by my friends that we were all just doing dim sum. Ten bucks for all you can eat mock-meat? Fine by me. I didn't even open the menu.
There were so many plates I can't even remember all of the dishes (but I'll try)-- scallion pancakes, sesame chicken, egg rolls, pork fried rice, beef with a mysteriously delicious white sauce, cold sesame noodles, fried tofu, and much much more. Everything of course is made of tofu but so covered in tasty sauces you would never know. 
Like I said, BEWARE THE PORK BOMB!! It's like eating the pillsbury dough boy and it WILL expand in your stomach and make you fuller than any human being ever should be. 
But you must MUST get through all the plates to get to the coconut triangles and fried bananas for dessert. You're allowed to skip the fortune cookie. It will most likely just read, "Confucius say you will die happy after ingesting $10 of the most delicious vegetarian food ever."
Long live the Kingdom.If you are Vegan, and dig Chinese food, you'll be in heaven at this place. I'm no longer Vegetarian, but still like to get food from here now and then. I live in a different part of the city, have two little kids, so getting into Chinatown is difficult.
My favorite dish is the Sesame "Chicken". Awesome! The Sweet n' Sour dishes are great, too. The "shrimp" is also great. Basically everything is great. 
The owner is there quite often. Very friendly man. 
Prices are cheap! Eat up! Lunch specials can't be beat! Best food in Chinatown!
The only small negative is their credit card policy. They have a $10 minimum. This is in strict violation of their terms of service they signed with both Visa and MasterCard. Violating contracts that you agreed to,  is never a good business practice. I understand why, however it is unethical.guyz, don't get me wrong I love vegetarian and i love chinese, and vegetarian chinese with vegetables is great.  
this review specifically refers to kingdom of vegetarian's attempt at dim sum, which was basically different forms of deep fried starches and tofu, very few of which resembled dim sum, but a gathering of cheap american chinese fillers like those nasty deep fried cabbage filled egg rolls you get for free with your general tsos. also, a buggary textured over cornstarched hot and sour soup.
did i mention it cost $12 and the only vegetables were bland cabbage and some kinda trifflin luckewarm seaweed gelatin with a pile of raw garlic on it. 
i think this dim sum is geared specifically to vegans who don't like vegetables, you know those vegans, and ppl who think chinese vegetarian is somehow healthier because it doesn't have meat.  
in summary, not only was that wack, it was wack as shit!Went here for dinner. Was pleasantly surprised to see that they have a $12/person (min two people) ALL YOU CAN EAT Vegetarian dim sum deal!! The best!  It really is all you can eat, and there are about 20 options (including two sweets).  Everything was good except maybe the fried wonton, which was "eh."  Onion pancake, fried tofu were highlights.  The only damper is that our servers English was so bad.  A child of immigrants myself, I don't usually mind, but this was seriously SO bad that he couldn't understand me and vice versa, so it was really hard :/ other people in the restaurant had the same problem, tooSo I think this place closed? It had been a while since I have been here and I tried going recently and after pacing where I remembered it once was I could not find it.  Also called and the number was disconnected.  Very sad but New Harmony came through.We went while I was on a visit to Philly. We got the all you can eat dim sum, and it was a ridiculous amount of food. I was a little surprised by how much it  cost ($12 a person), but then again I didn't need to eat for the next week. I really like the dumplings and some of the various tofu items we tried. It's definitely worth trying out.Just because I'm not eating animal products at the moment doesn't mean I can't enjoy some deep-fried junk.  And the lemon "chicken" at KOV is junk indeed.  That veg protein was breaded and battered to high heaven, so much so that the breading was as thick as the protein itself, and sweet too (really, the whole thing tasted like lemon pound cake).  It was good, but as an occasional splurge.  I've also had the wonton soup here which is...rustic.  I'm a fan, but I think a few carnivores would disagree.
I will definitely be back -- the menu is huge and I want to explore.  Plus, the hostess/waitress was really friendly and helpful.  However, the flavors didn't blow me away.Best chinese I've ever had.  I believe I've tried all the different entrees, I have yet to try all the different appetizers but I adore everything on their menu.  I do find it amazing that this place isn't packed all day, it's low cost and HIGH quality, what's the deal Philly?!?  I tell everyone who's looking for a chinese restaurant to go here, even if we're all the way down at Oregon Ave.As I have said before, I like deception. Is there anything more deceiving than excellently executed kosher Buddhist vegetarian fare? Methinks not.
My friend came and visited me this past weekend. Every time she does we go to Kingdom. It had been a long time, so it was lots of fun to get back.
Kingdom is pretty awesome. Everything I have had has been tasty. But there is none better than the Walnut Shrimp.Being a carnivore, I was hesitant on trying things like sesame chicken. How can you have sesame chicken when there is no chicken? To quote Gomer Pyle - Surprise, surprise, surprise. 
This food is delicious! You sit down, and for a great price, they have an all you can eat smorgasbord of great foods - like peanut noodles, hot and sour soup, dumplings, egg rolls. All tasty, and not one ounce of meat. And magically, they continue to bring out more items until they can see the plates are not emptying as fast as normal. Then they stop. Sometimes they bring out awesomely great desserts like fried bananas and honey. 
Since my first experience, I'd say I've been there 6 or 7 times, and have walked out of there full and satisfied. 
Its definitely a great place to go to enjoy lots of tasty food.This is the last place I would have thought to eat if no one had recommended it to me.  Even then I was looking for something else because it just didn't look good from outside.  However, it was cold and I couldn't find anywhere else, so I went in.  I'm glad I did.
Although they rely a lot on meat substitutes there are also vegetable and tofu dishes for those not into the fake meat thing.  I got the chef's special general tso tofu and fried vegetable dumplings.  The dumplings were under $4, the tofu under $7 and it was almost too much for my partner and I to eat.  Best of all, it was delicious.
If you can get past the fact that it's a hole in the wall definitely go.Delicious food! I've been earing here since 1999 and the food has been consistently good, they are willing to alter any dish/substitute ingredients, and the owner, Ming rules!
Try all you can eat dim sum!
I love:
1) Walnut Imitation Jumbo Shrimp
2) Shrimp Balls
3) Shrimp dumplings
4) Ham friend rice
5) Scallion PancakesThe air conditioning wasn't working, the day in the August heat that I stopped in this place ,so I almost walked out and is the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5  I am so glad I didn't!!!  What a yummy meal. 
 I ordered the General Tso Tofu and Hot and Sour Soup.  The soup was pretty good but the Tofu and General Tso sauce was amazing.  I couldn't stop eating it.  I can't wait to go back and try other dishes.  I have faith that this place will continue to amaze me.  The neat food elevator is worth seeing as a novelty.
PS...to the Angry Vegetarian that was sitting in front of me!  I saw you throw the Jolly Rancher on the floor!  Really what was that all about????
Was it really necessary to give the waitress such a hard time???  I am pretty sure they turned off the AC because of you.  Don't you know when you act like an entitled PRICK the cooks SPIT in your food!  I know you will read this because you said over and over that you visit this place regularly!  Next time show some manners and treat people with respect.  It is not all about you!All I can say is throw on a mumu and go to Kingdom of Vegetarian for dim sum with your friends! Why a mumu, you ask? Because when you order the dim sum for a measly $10, you feel like you're going to wind up like the first victim in the movie "Seven" because they just keep feeding you...
...and feeding you...
....AND FEEDING YOU....
... until your pants no longer fit!
It feels like the food never stops coming, that is until you get to the dessert of fried bananas and are whipped into scrumptious heartattack heaven.If you're in the mood for some cheap, fried vegetarian food, then this is the place for you. Even though it's a little bit greasy sometimes, I can't help but love every dish I get at Kingdom. I'll even forgive the fact that the Sesame Chicken and the General Tso's Chicken are exactly the same, except for the presence of sesame seeds in one. Because this place offers some delicious food at very reasonable prices. I highly recommend the lunch specials; you can get soup (the Wonton is excellent), rice (they have brown, too!), and the entree for about $6. The place is nice and quiet and the staff is extremely friendly and attentive. I love this place!You know those mornings when the sun hits your pillow at the perfect angle and the sky is that special shade of clear, pale blue? When you're struck with the sudden urge to venture out into the city and soak it all in?  A few weeks ago I woke up to one of those days, and although I'd been recovering from a cold, something deep within was crying out for dim sum, and I was sure I'd be able to muster up the energy for at least a few miles of sun-soaked strolling.
There's also something hard-wired into my brain that prevents me from recalling the events of past ventures into China Town. Basically, it's never easy, and it for some reason never winds up actually involving walking. There's always some sort of time constraint/foot injury/purportedly brilliant lunch-with-grocery shopping combo that results in driving rather than walking. This time, my boyfriend busted his knee on our way out the door. Oops. Walking no longer an option. And driving means parking. Combine my already empty belly, plus all of the time spent driving around looking for a street space because it costs a whopping $5/HALF HOUR to park in a lot in those parts, plus my boyfriend's fear of secret chicken/pork in the seemingly seafood/veg dim sum options, and before you know it it's 2:00, you have a whopping headache, you can't decide on a restaurant, and the day suddenly seems dull and regular, instead of glimmering and full of promise.
This is how we wound up at Kingdom of Vegetarians, and we settled on the dim sum all-you-can-eat sampler, for I believe $12.
I'm not usually too picky when it comes to vegetarian chinese, but i gotta be honest-- if pre-made packets of doughy, unidentifiable veggie mush aren't your thing, then this isn't the meal for you. The chinese pizza was crispy with just enough scallions, and I should have gobbled it up when it was hot rather than holding out for the surprises to come. The tea was weak, with leaves floating in it, the veg. wonton soup that everybody raves about was undercooked, so the wontons remained hard little balls of dough stuffed with still-crunchy cabbage and other diced vegetables. There wasn't any dessert.
All in all, I was underwhelmed. There are far better vegetarian chinese places in the city.The food was amazing. It almost makes me want to be a vegetarian. The wait was pretty long even with no one in the restaurant. Definite plans to try the dim sum next time. 
I surely enjoyed the generous portion of seafood and bean claypot for 2 meals. Even better the next day!The only problem I have with Kingdom is that the first time I ever went here, I ordered the General Tso's "chicken," and it was so good that I have never gotten anything else!  
Really, truly, excellent.  I usually get the dinner special (general tso's, spring roll, soup of your choice [hot and sour!]), which is great for $12.  I almost always have leftovers.  I actually did go here for the dim sum twice, and I wasn't all that pleased with it.  I was not as full as I wanted to be, nor was the food as substantial as when you get an actual entree.  It was more like a ton of appetizers.  BUT, I still leave my five stars simply based on the fact that I try to get someone to go here with me at least once a week.  So, so good.  A vegetarian's dream!The lighting in this place as well as the general decor are kind of strange.  The food, though, is delicious.  There are many items on the menu and out of the five or so appetizers that we ordered all were delicious.  One dish in particular stood out to me with mangoes and strawberries because I remember thinking the combination of the food and fruit sounded strange, but turned out delicious.  The wontons are really good too.  Everything's good and so affordable.  As I started saying, I was a little put off by the way the place looks inside, but don't let that fool you because it's a great place for vegan and vegetarian dinner and lunch.Nothing fancy, just tasty, inexpensive vegetarian food. Their eggplant with garlic sauce is one of my favorites in China town (where I live, so I've tried a lot!).This is one of those places that people tend to go for the obligatory birthday party, if someone not too keen on local vegetarian fare has, knowing they will inevitability have someone cancel if it's not at a vegetarian joint.
Best known for it's dim sum, and mass quantities of food, Kingdom is not known for it's ambiance, however, I've never been in here without there being an influx of stylish people. 
My favorite thing about this place, when you walk in, there is a tiny Buddhist area with books and materials available for free. It's a nice gesture for those looking to learn more, without being preachy.
You can't get more for the price, there is something for everyone here, even if you aren't a vegetarian. Everyone loves the spicy hot and sour soup.My favorite Chinese restaurant. They only serve meat substitutes but you would never know eating it. Its just as good as the real thing. I always get the General Tso's "chicken". You get a huge plate full but I always manage to finish it. So crispy and full of rich sauce. The Hot and Sour soup is also the best I've encountered and I love the asian spoons they give you to eat it with. The perfect amount of heat to make you sweat.  I look forward to my yearly trips to Philly partially because I know I will be coming here.What Chinese restaurant doesn't include rice with a meal. I got take out and when I was ready to eat, no rice. I called back and they told me is cost extra for rice. Also, the spring rolls were dripping with grease.