I stumbled across this new sushi restaurant a few blocks away from my house. It's a small byob joint with tasty appetizers and fantastic sushi rolls. I recommend the Crispy Rice Tuna as a starter. The staff was friendly and service was great. This is going to be my new go to for .New sushi spot in gayborhood is great. Elected to take out and found the sushi to be very fresh and was impressed with the unique rolls which were delicious.  Instantly becoming my go-to sushi spot in area for relaxed, yet classy vibes or takeout.Walked in on a weekday evening during dinner time. The restaurant was empty. Decor looked nice.
Shichimi Wings ($8) - 1/5
Soggy and fell apart as soon as they were picked up with chunks of bone coming off. Couldn't tell how they were prepared but I've never had wings so miserable. Ordered because I was expecting something similar to Karaage but there was no texture or crispiness. Mild flavor. Only 4 came per order - at first I was disappointed at the portion size but after tasting one didn't mind.
Peppered Tuna Roll ($8) - 3/5
Decent amount of good quality tuna in each roll (6 rolls). Nothing special in my opinion.
With a plethora of great options nearby I won't be returning to Kinme. If you do venture there, stick to the fish.This place is my cocaine, love it. A whole new meaning of Japanese Foodgasm. This is by far the cleanest and most delicious place I've been too. Kudos KudosGreat new sushi restaurant hits the streets. I had the pleasure of dining at  kinme the other night with friends and it was a true delight.
The sushi was flavorful and fresh and the atmosphere was warm and inviting.Great service and wonderful sushi. My friends enjoyed the veggie dishes. The place is lovely and the people there are great!Great new BYOB sushi place! We sat outside since it was a nice night, but inside looked beautiful and clean as well. The food was outstanding and the service was fantastic. We tried the crispy tuna rice as an appetizer and the Annie and Incredible Hulk rolls- everything was delicious and flavorful. I didn't even use any soy sauce on my food. Our server, Jordan, was very kind and prompt. Overall it was a great dining experience. We will definitely be back to try more.This is a brand new opening place but it's sooo good and the Sashimi is really fresh. I love this place will definitely be back. 
For Sashimi it's $28(9slections, 2 pieces for each) but it's also your choice to get ALL salmon if you ask.Good new find!!! While not everything we ordered was mind blowing - I'd saw a few items were AMAZING & the rest really good. So it's worth a visit. We ordered a variety of dishes, the crispy tuna rice being our favorite. ORDER IT. We also ordered mushroom gyoza, five spice pork buns, and miso soup which were all good. The mamma mia roll was decent for me but not something I'd try again.They have an excellent lunch special - I spent $10 and got an onigiri, shumai, and a sweet potato roll. All of their food is delicious! Will be coming back with my coworkers!We went for dinner, and it was great! Very intimate, we byob, nice decor. My boyfriend is a big sushi fan, he found the fish to be fresh and the rolls to be tasty and unique especially the phantom roll. We normally go to Vic on spruce or Bluefin/B2 our on the mainline for sushi, and he found the fish here to be of similar caliber. I ate entirely off the appetizer menu bc I wasn't feeling sushi, and it was delicious! The wings, mushroom dumplings, and shrimp tacquito were great. I also liked the rock shrimp. We will be returning, great new addition to the neighborhood!!Stopped by for a quick lunch by myself. The restaurant is small and intimate feeling. You could tell the fish was very fresh! I ordered the lunch sashimi special with a Philly roll and miso soup. Prices seem reasonable, especially their lunch special. I'll definitely be coming back AND ordering takeout because of the convenient location in the Gayborhood.I adore this little BYOB sushi restaurant in Philly. They have plenty of vegetarian options. I order the pan seared veggie dumplings, miso soup, Brussels sprouts, and the sweet potato roll. Each dish is delicious and beautifully presented. I look forward to eating here each time I visit Philadelphia.I believe the chef or owner is formally of Umai Umai, and we liked Kinme even more!! Our new favorite sushi spot in Philly. Everything is delicious, had a little taste of everything--salmon watercress tiradito, gyoza (mushroom and pork), shichimi wings, spicy tuna crispy rice, hamachi plum crudo, and a variety of sashimi and maki (we were full lol).
Everything was SO GOOD. The mushroom gyoza and spicy tuna crispy rice were favorites of mine (with the salmon tiradito definitely close behind...delicious). The vibe is really nice in there and the place is fairly small, without it feeling crowded. It's also BYOB so grab a bottle (or two ) of wine and try this place. You definitely won't regret it!!Food was excellent, many good choices on menu. It's a nice, casual place, no loud music. Service was a bit slow at lunch time but we were not in a hurry so it wasn't a problem. I would return.Fantastic little BYOB sushi spot in the Gayborhood. The fish is extremely fresh and everything we ordered was delicious! We started off with them Shichimi Wings which I highly recommend. We ordered three rolls including the standout School of Rock roll, all amazing. Kinme had fantastic service and a nice environment for a quiet date or dinner with friends before going out.Simply delicious, reasonably priced, and lovely staff.  Found this just by strolling but will absolutely return.  Yummy.We don't go anywhere else for sushi now. Since coming here, we've been completely won over by Kinme. We tend to get the sashimi platter. It comes comes with a nice assortment of fish, which is just so incredibly fresh and tasty. In fact, it's better than a number of the places we tried in Japan. The other food has been great too.
Plus, the service is charming. Our waitress remembers our order from previous visits and also which seat we normally sit. 
Love KinmeI absolutely loved my experience at Kinme! The food was so delicious and fresh!
What also sets them apart is their colorful presentation and their fresh flavors. The staff was attentive, and made the experience even more special. 
I highly recommend checking our KinmeVery small restaurant with awesome sushi. We had an off night in that it was Restaurant Week on a Friday so the service was not good. Very rarely saw the servers and it took 15 minutes to get seated even with a reservation. Another 15 minutes to get orders placed. Overall, the food was amazing. The quality of fish that they use is so different compared to other spots in Philly, and many of the items on the menu are handmade. The Crispy Tuna Rice is bangin'.Food, sushi = 5.0 amazing food, great location, small spot. Byo. Management = 1.0. Even though we had a reservation, we were told after 1 hr and 15 minutes, that another large group was coming in and we needed to vacate our table in 15 mins. Really? We were enjoying our sushi and a lovely bottle of wine that we brought with us, that we basically had to guzzle down. We asked to speak with manager as we were leaving and it was the same woman who told us we were going to need to vacate our table and she was non apologetic, told us that this is the way that open table configures the reservations and that they are a small restaurant on a busy night. Well, I visited this restaurant last time I was in Philly and sought it out again for me and a friend and made a reservation in advance and quite frankly was surprised to be treated that way, especially after discussing this with the manager. I guess I will have to find other great sushi spots to dine out when I am in Philly.Great find based on Yelp reviews.  Walked into a busy yet friendly upscale sushi restaurant.  The sushi is quite amazing with dishes different from the run of the mill sushi establishments.  A great BYOB restaurant.  Will go back again.Love this place. Great sushi rolls. Plenty of different kinds to try. The staff is very friendly. Vibes are great as well. Very clean. Has an intimate feel, but casual as well. Have gone 3 times the past month. Each time was better than the last.My wife and I went to Kinme before the theater last night. Every dish was really excellent.  We started with the Shishito Peppers and Crispy Brussels along with the Hamachi Jalapeño.  Each appetizer/starter was well seasoned and inventive.  We each had a cup of the outstanding miso soup.  Don't miss this soup as you might want to skip it.  It is excellent.  The sashimi was very fresh and the two rolls were also excellent.  Adding the BYO "value" to the equation means we will definitely be back.  Service and attentiveness were not overbearing and not slow either.  Leisurely and pleasant.The staff is fantastic the food is fantastic and the presentation is fantastic. It's an intimate space it's BYO. just make sure to book reservations and bring your own sake!good lunch spot! i loved the natural lighting filling up the room with elevator background music lol it felt very relaxing or me.
we only sampled a small number of dishes on the menu today but they were delicious! i was loving the mushroom gyoza.  i thought it was a more fusion dumpling cross between korean and chinese.  the mushroom puree could deliver a stronger truffle accent but either way, it was pretty tasty!
the rock shrimp was solid.  not sure if portion reflected the price though.  i keep thinking kinme is your typical local sushi spot but it's definitely aiming higher than that and prices definitely speak for the elevated experience it's looking to deliver.
sushi: we tried the school of rock and salmon skin roll.  portion was smaller than what i would expect compared to price? taste was alright.  school of rock was not my favorite cup of tea.  salmon skin was solid.  i would probably recommend going with the lunch special which is definitely a better value. 
will return for another lunch sesh! 
Quick update 10/23** tried the crispy tuna rice and it's a pass for me .. rather the classic rolls are where it's at! Fresh and meaty! Very nicely done!So my friends and I recently discovered Kinme and it has been a game changer. We absolutely love love love the lunch buffet which gives you an app and two rolls (or one and an onigiri) for just ten dollars. Like honestly it's bad because it makes me want sushi every day. The staff is super nice and the ambiance is very pleasant. Also, don't forget to grab a pot of the pink rose jasmine green tea; it had me swooning!While visiting Philadelphia, a friend and I stopped in here.
Wonderful sushi and absolutely amazing service.  Our server was very pleasant, made great suggestions and was very attentive.
It is BYOB which is advertised on the door.  I went a few blocks away and picked up a bottle of wine.  I
would suggest picking something up before you get here.
The Annie Roll was unique and delicious.This place is so great! I went here for lunch and it was pretty empty. I got fast and wonderful service from the waitress. The lunch special is a great deal - a starter and two rolls for only $10! No card minimum either which is a plus. I'll definitely be back.Quiet, dimly lit, slightly upscale environment with blue tones. Kinme is a BYOB restaurant. I really enjoyed their creation rolls. The amount of intricate detail put into their food is visibly noticeable and makes for interesting flavor combinations. Everything was super colorful and picture perfect. My friends and I ordered their South Pacific, mamma Mia, and phantom roll. Our favorite is their South Pacific roll which has eel, pineapple, and crab amongst other ingredients. The other two were delicious as well. 
Service was great. Someone continually made rounds to refill water and check in on me and my friends, but not too frequently that it interrupted conversation. Would definitely recommend.Great spot for sushi! Very cute atmosphere and it hasn't been "discovered" yet so it isn't too crowded. Got nigiri and yellowtail and it was delicious.Came into dinner during restaurant week with my friend as we've never been before and had made reservation for 5:30p on a Thursday night. I made it 5 mins after our reservation time and was greeted by the nice staff and was seated promptly since there wasn't any other customers yet. Its a BYOB and the waitress asked if I had anything and informed her that my friend is checking out at the store and should be here shortly. After 10 mins, the waitress comes over and ask if I'd like to put any appetizers in while I wait for my friend because they have reservations a few reservations at 7p and dont want our orders to get backed up. She recommends that i text my friend a copy of the menu for her to look at and possibly place something. She  walks in 2 mins later and has a dumbfounded look, as i texted her the exchange between the waitress and I, as there is still no one else at the restaurant. The waitress comes over to take our bottle to be opened and we were ready to order when she returned. By then another table 2 table were seated.
I have worked as a server and totally understand about food orders being backed up due to upcoming reservations and walk-ins and you anticipate a 10/15 minute buffer from seating to order as you take/deliver drinks. However, i found it completely unacceptable to rush patrons when there is No One Else in an establishment and was told you want to prepare for reservations thats over an hour out. Perhaps its your staff's skill you need be concerned about and not the patron's order. 
We ordered the brussel sprouts and mushroom dumplings to start, which were tasty, but nothing mind blowing. Secondly, we both had the crispy tuna rice, which we both enjoyed. Third, we had the single sushi and sashimi, which was possibly the thinnest cuts i've ever seen at a japanese restaurant (worse than a japanese buffet), but c'mon, this was disappointing as there was nothing more than your basic tuna, salmon, yellowtail, squid, and white fishes. Lastly, we had the chocolate wontons and dream bomba for dessert.
Overall, my friend and i enjoyed catching up, but the waitress' tone initially definitely left a sour taste in my mouth. Nothing about our dinner really stood out and i'll probably go to another japanese restaurant around the corner instead. I rather wait for a good food than rushed for something mediocre.The best sushi spot in all of Philadelphia hands down! Have never written a yelp review before, but this spot is so incredible I had to let everyone know that no other sushi restaurant compares. Get the crispy rice, you won't be sorry!4-4.5 Stars. What a pleasant surprise - Kinme makes awesome sushi. 
Was not expecting much but shocked how incredibly fresh the sushi / sashimi was and the wide variety of sushi options.  I believe Kinme is top 3 Philadelphia sushi for sure (#1 is Royal by far). 
I ordered the Chefs Nigiri with 12 pieces (pictured). No standard boring sushi combo here, the chefs choice included: Uni, scallop, salmon, red and white tuna, Large 
Roe, Squid, yellowtail, snapper and Hamachi. Fish was incredibly fresh. An added bonus was the fresh wasabi and ginger. Rice was not perfect but easy to overlook. This dish is a must do at $28. 
I'm normally not a fan of Rolls but enjoyed the School of Rock. Not traditional by any means, includes rock shrimp, salmon and mango with a touch of heat. 
The restaurant has a nice cozy feel to it and very clean. Slightly higher end looking vs. the average neighborhood sushi joint. The bathroom was spotless, large and modern. Service was friendly and quick. 
I'm so happy Kinme arrived so close to home, guaranteed to become my go-to local sushi stop. Don't let the modestly higher prices scare you, you are getting above average sushi quality. 
Highly recommended. 
BKFound another incredible sushi gem today. Food was unbelievable delicious and 100/100 cleanliness rating (yes, we care). The best part about the experience was the service, which included Brian and him entertaining us with comedy throughout the meal. 
Cannot wait to come back.I usually do my research when going out during restaurant week to ensure they offer at least one vegetarian option per course on the prefix menu.  I dropped the  ball when visiting Kinme.  When asked about possible veggie substitutions the various staff told me I could just order from the regular menu.  I agreed because I wasnt prepared to venture out to another location, but it isn't great customer service to charge regular menu prices during restaurant week when there are simple substitutions that can be made that are cheaper than the non veggie dishes you are already offering at a discounted price. This may have been a communication misunderstanding but nonetheless my bill was more at the end of the Eve compared to my meat/fish eating friend that got the restaurant week deal. 
The food was good. I had the crispy sprouts, the mushroom gzoya, and the veggie sushi with the Dream bomba for dessert. 
With all of the small restaurants in philly im pretty used to tight spaces but for a some reason the seating in here felt off. Also, we were barely finished eating when our dessert was brought out  and we were told , sorry for the rush but we are getting ready to close. There were at least 3-4 other parties of people in the restaurant at this time. Several with full glasses of wine they brought.  We rushed eating our dessert and left and still the other people were there. 
The female staff member was very sweet but there was numerous staff coming to our table and there seemed to be a disconnect.  Maybe this was just an off night .Love love love Kinme! 
Kinme is a BYO sushi restaurant a casual, intimate vibe. I would classify it as mid-range in terms of prices (not too upscale, but not cheap take-out either). The food is definitely up there in terms of quality. 
We came for dinner on a Saturday, and there was no wait around 7pm. Everything we ordered was super fresh and tasty. The crispy tuna rice was on the expensive side (you get 4 small pieces for $13) but definitely worth it. We also tried the Mamma Mia roll -- the crab in this is amazing. The classic sushi rolls were also pretty good, although that's pretty standard. 
Overall, I'll definitely be back again. Their lunch menu looks interesting, and I'd love to try the rest of the rolls on their menu.My friend and I tried this place last night. We really enjoyed the food and their signature sushi options. The tuna carpaccio stood out the most as a great appetizer but also their interesting rolls. Out of The Hulk, Kinky Boots and Fiddler, my favorite is Kinky boots. Definitely a try! I also thought the Hulk was very cool and refreshing as they use a cucumber wrap. Pink rose green tea was also something worth trying, next time I'd definitely pick a different dessert however, since I thought the chocolate mousse was too sweet (they use kinder chocolate for making it, or at least that's what it tasted like) overall it was a good experience!Went for Valentine's Day and everything we had was delicious. They had a special for Valentine's Day (5courses for 2 for $90). Staff was very nice and attentive. Would definitely go back!We loved this place! The menu is unique, the service was fabulous and the food was very good! I got the Rock of Ages roll, which is covered in beautiful, thinly sliced avocado, mango sauce and coconut flakes. Filled with coconut shrimp and spicy crab. Loved it!!We had such a weird experience here. 
First of all the food was great and reasonably priced. We thought all the fish was very fresh, and all their rolls are a must try because it's so different! 
My favorite was the crispy tuna app!!!! 
We got the iced lychee tea and that was soooo good so was the rose green tea!! You should def get those. 
Ok the service we thought the service was great! But then the waitress came up to us and apologized for the awful service we were so confused because we didn't think so at all? Then she told us our last omakse dish was on the house...: and we said there's no need.... then she brought out dessert... because the "service was horrible" and when we go our check the omakse wasn't on the house... just the ice cream was? Idk it was just really weird because we were fine paying what we ordered but why did she say it was on the house and then revoke it??? 
Hahah it was just so odd.The unique rolls are creative in taste and were very delicious, service was awesome; our waitress was so nice and attending but not to the point where it felt annoying at all. Very relaxing and comfortable atmosphere! Will definitely return to try the other rolls! :)(to the tune of "Copacabana" by Barry Manilow)
They call it Kinme, a spot for sushi,
With yellowtail or salmon roe, I really can't say no.
You want onigiri? Maybe sashimi...
Well, you really can't go wrong,
so let me sing my sushi song
A Mamma Mia roll, it's speaking to my soul
It's tasty sushi, BYOB,
Who could ask for more?
Down at Kinme... a spot for sushi,
You could get a bowl, or nigiri
Down at Kinme... a spot for sushi,
Crispy gyoza - I just can't say no, sir,
Yes, it's Kinme... I am in love.
I came with a gaggle of girls, an abundance of bottles, and nothing but time. We were very lucky to show up on a weeknight to a nearly empty restaurant (partially due to snow, I think, and maybe due to people not realizing how great this spot is). The fish tasted fresh, the specialty rolls were creative, and the staff was attentive. 
My ONLY complaint is that the bathroom was tiny, and I believe fit for only one person (which could get dodgy during a busier night).Ordered delivery from Kinme for the first time during quarantine and have to give this place the credit they deserve. The rolls were delicious and the fish tasted amazingly fresh. Also tried the mushroom gyoza which were totally unique and delicious. Definitely give this place a shot if you are looking to try a new sushi spot.Came here with a friend for lunch. They have some nice outdoor seating, but it was too windy so we got takeout.
We got the South Pacific and Fiddler. Both look aesthetically beautiful and they taste just as good. 
The South Pacific topped has multiple components that blended together nicely. The crunch from the tempura helps bring the whole sushi together. Sadly, I feel like the BBQ eel was overwhelmed by all the other components and become loss in the melody of flavor, but nonetheless it was delicious.
The Fiddler was just as good. It's great for those that doesn't like raw sushi. You get that nice crisp with the cooked white fish transitioning into flavorful and creamy heaven. The shishito pepper is a nice addition to bring the flavors together.
All in all this was a great place for me to try and definitely will be back for more. Well worth the money.Hidden gem. The rock shrimp is outrageous. The crispy rice spicy tuna was delicious (although the crispy rice was really crisped, maybe a tab bit less cripy it'd be perfect). The Rock shrimp roll was the best specialty roll I've ever had at any sushi restaurant. Seriously, it was creamy, spicy, and the salmon inside gave it the perfect subtle sushi flavor we all crave. The Miso soup was steaming and perfect. The Brussel sprouts were actually impressive, hint of tang and acid combined.The lunch sushi special is one of the best in the city, IMHO. 
Sushi is one of those things you either get right, or you don't. Kinme is definitely in the former category.  It's always encouraging to see Japanese sushi chefs who are in plain sight as your food is prepared. Everything is fresh, it's also visible and obvious to the diners that the kitchen is clean. It's quiet...no sports bar vibe w TV's. One can definitely take a little respite from the rigors of the day with some hot tea and a spot of lunch. They offer a starter + 2 items from their sushi menu for $10, and 3 items (and a starter) for $13. It's silly not to jump on that. 
Is it the best sushi I've ever had? No. But it's very good, the space is pleasant, and the price point is great. Definitely a yes for JG.A must for restaurant week! This was my first time at this place and I had a fantastic experience! I ordered the salmon sundae dish for first course which was nice and light. The second course was a sushi roll with crab, eel, pineapple and shrimp tempura! Wow, it was the best roll I ever had! The final course was Green tea ice cream with chocolate chips inside little pastries. While I wasn't a big fan of the ice cream, I loved the pastries! 
The workers were so friendly and the food didn't take too long to come out. 
I feel like this is an underrated place and definitely one to check out!Loved the sushi rolls, unique and very flavorful. Service great. Close atmosphere and small. BYOB. I call it a top restaurant for sushi in the city.Great to find this spot - a decent BYOB sushi joint in Philadelphia that is very reasonable. The rock shrimp, grilled avocado all stood out - and being a California boy visiting Philly, I had the namesake cream cheese filled role that did not disappoint. I'd definitely recommend Kinme to anyone in the area looking for decent sushi!I'm so glad to find this place. I came here twice for lunch. Both times I'm very satisfied with my food. I ordered the lunch special. I had the salad, Spicy salmon Onigiri, Yellowtail rolls and Chirasi sushi. The portion of salad that comes with the lunch special is generous with delicious ginger dressing. The Yellowtail rolls and the Chirasi sushi are fresh (unlike other Japanese joints). The best is their Onigiri rice. It's a bit expensive than regular Onigiri rice, but it's worth it. The salmon fillings are generous and flavorful!
I surely will come again if I visit Philadelphia.Kinme is a new BYOB sushi restaurant with intimate vibes in a sleek, yet small space. It's a great spot for a dinner with friends or a date. The menu is simply Japanese, focusing on the high-quality ingredients and letting them shine. 
I've been here twice, and both times I've had a pretty good experience. The first time there was a bit of a wait, even with our reservation, but they were new, and there was a lingering group that no one could control. For the most part, the food is ON POINT. 
My favorite menu item is the SPICY TUNA on  CRISPY RICE. I've ordered (and devoured) it both times I was here, and it would be my first order next time I'm back. The crispy rice blocks are crisp on the outside, with a chewy interior, lending it's way to the perfectly smooth and spicy dollop of spicy tuna. A textural and flavorful explosion of decadence!
Tuna lovers, the tuna carpaccio dish with the egg is also something good to order. The raw ahi is sliced thin, served in an herbed oil and a quail yolk on top. 
The DUMPLINGS are good, but not something I'd come back for. I had both the pork and mushroom ones and I preferred the mushroom. 
If you're looking to add something green, I'd recommend the charred SHISHITO PEPPERS.
All of their sushi rolls are fresh, with some unique flavor combinations for those daring to be different. 
The WINGS are a no from me though, dawg. They lacked a crispy exterior, and had too much fat around the bones. 
I would definitely go back to Kinme, with my sights set on the crispy rice and their many sushi rolls, but I'd definitely stay away form the wings. Make sure to bring a bottle or two to enjoy the night!My friend and I decided to come here for restaurant week and had a great experience! We sat outside and the street wasn't too loud. The waiter was kind and delivered the food quickly. My friend had the brussels sprouts which were in a delicious tangy sauce. I had the mushroom gyoza, grilled avocado, assorted sushi, and chocolate wontons with green tea ice cream (which was really amazing-not too sweet). Everything was light and well executed. I would definitely go back for some rolls.I went here yesterday with a few friends for dinner. It was great! The staff are very nice and hospitable. We had their Crispy Brussel Sprouts, a seaweed salad, the sashimi platter and various sushi rolls; topped it off with ginger ice cream. It was all cooked and served well, tasted delicious.
Price, quality, taste, atmosphere... all great.1st visit (in-person): I dined in-person with my boyfriend for Valentine's day this year and we both enjoyed the chef's choice sashimi set. For the special occasion, the fresh quality of fish matched the portion size and pricing. I can't remember exactly, but it was about 18 pieces for ~$30-35. We sampled other apps, including the beef tataki and an uni/scallop special. The staff members were courteous, personable, and attentive. Overall, the experience was delightful and memorable.
2nd visit (delivery - see pic): We were excited to have Kinme again to commemorate another special occasion tonight, boyfriend's bday. We really went in and ordered a lot of food. The freshness and quality of the sashimi was consistent, but we were surprised by the small portion size. The chef's choice sashimi was downgraded to about 10 pcs for $23. The size of each piece of sashimi seemed smaller than we remembered as well. The brussel sprouts and beef tataki were tasty. The salmon skin salad had great flavors, but the crispy salmon skin did not hold well for delivery. We also tried the five spice pork baos, which were rich and tasty. 
For our budget, this will maintain a special occasion treat!Came here for restaurant week. We went in a group of 3, so obviously we shared some dishes. 
Appetizers: The crispy tuna rice, mushroom gyoza, carpaccio were all delicious, but nothing special. That doesn't mean I didn't love them...I did. If anything blew my mind it was the brussel sprouts. I was not expecting that depth of flavor. There was a nice sear on the sprouts. A nice mixture of veggies. It was just so shocking. The grilled avocado was definitely the most disappointing. 
Main: Sushi. It wasn't the best sushi I've had, but still high up there. Any sushi that stays together when you turn it over to dip the fish side in soy sauce is pretty well made. The fish was sliced beautifully and separated nicely when it pressed between my tongue and palate. (I know right?)
Dessert: Fried wontons were still warm. The oozing chocolate and the crunchy texture were amazing. Then pair that with some creamy matcha ice cream. Yum! The mango sorbet was also very good and a generous size (blessing to a student).
Service: One of the waiters (I believe Brian) was an absolute delight. He was adorable and funny. He showed us how to scoop some of the sorbet without the rind moving on us. He cracked jokes throughout the meal. Most of all, very attentive. (He made this place get the 5th star.)we absolutely loved the sushi here. brought a bottle of white wine to share and enjoyed some pork buns for an appetizer. the restaurant is cozy and has windows that bring in a lot of light at around sunset. i'm definitely coming back for their spicy tuna and spicy scallops rolls :)Last 2-3 visits were disappointing. Fish options and quality appear to be in decline.This is definitely my new go-to sushi spot. The price definitely reflects the quality. The sushi has the perfect amount of rice to fish ratio. The rice was seasoned well and the seaweed isn't absurdly chewy (like double knots. gross.) implying it's not the cheap crap. The fish is fresh. The special rolls are creative. The wasabi also tastes like it isn't entirely wasabi paste, which is a definite plus. 
Only complaint is that the basic rolls were falling apart a bit, and the phantom roll but I ordered didn't come with the yuzu cream on top (which sucked because I was curious what that'd taste like). 
As I ordered takeout, can't say too much about service, but if you're lookin' for quarantine sushi, I'd go with kinme!Came here for lunch and got the chirashi special. Super satisfied with the quality, especially for the price! The lunch special also came with a choice of miso soup or salad. The fish tasted fresh and there was a good selection and variety. Definitely recommend coming here for an affordable and delicious lunch!My boyfriend and I are avid sushi eaters. We have been to a wide variety of places in the Philadelphia area and I must say we are blown away by how fresh and delicious everything is. We made a reservation on Open Table and were sat right away. The waitress was extremely kind and soft spoken. The food didn't take long to come out at all. Overall we will soon become repeat customers at Kinme.Our absolute favorite sushi restaurant. All I can say is everything is delicious. Everything. Try to mushroom  gyoza and any roll. BYOB, lovely atmosphere.
Lunch has great specials anD delicious onigiri. Please try! You won't be disappointed!Randomly decided to go here for dinner during restaurant week. And boy did we make a good choice. Food was delicious. Not huge portions, but really good quality. Highly recommend the crunchy tuna. Service was extra good. We didn't finish our tea pot so our sever packed it to go for us which was extra sweet.QUARANTINE REVIEW! 
Love love LOVE this place! We ordered as a celebration for getting into grad school. And I'm so sad I hadn't found this place earlier. It's a creative sushi place with a collection of flavors that are unusual for sushi, BUT work fabulously!!! The School of Rock Shrimp rolls were by far my favorite! In close second were the mushroom Gyoza, which my toddler devoured!!! Of the classic rolls, all were great pieces of fish but the eel was my personal favorite!!! Overall a wonder experience. I never mind spending money on good food!!!I am very sad... that my secret restaurant is getting discovered. but very happy for Kinme because it is well deserved.
My husband and I have been coming here at least 1x a month (honestly more like 1x a week when we get lazy in the kitchen) and have tried almost everything on the menu. Our favorites are the crispy tuna rice, and the phantom roll - but everything is good and it's a personal choice! everything is well prepared, and well presented. Never have they gotten an order wrong (small things like this in a restaurant i've been to so many times is kind of impressive.. as people are very quick to mention a small one time mistake). Staff is friendly and it's really nice when they remember us now. it feels like a neighborhood spot and we love coming back. We hope they are here to stay for a long time.Loved this place! We didn't realize it was BYOB but other than that, the sushi was amazing and fresh. Every bite was delicious and the wait was not long at all! Very cute family owned restaurant and also very cozy inside. I would definitely come again! Everything was delicious!My colleague of mine invited me to dinner here at Kinme.  I don't normally eat Sushi but this eatery was a complete delight, which I need after a extremely busy day.  I ordered the Incredible Hulk that consisted of salmon, tuna, yellowtail, avocado, cucumber wrap, and chili ponzu.  I highly recommend it!  Also, we all ate Brussel Sprouts, Tuna Salad, and Sashimi/sushi platter, which was divine. To top it all off, we ordered two bottles of Suki and some tea.  Simply Amazing.  I HIGHLY recommend Kinme, it will turn your frown upside down!This is the quintessential BYOB date sushi spot. Also Jefferson employees get 10% discount!
Must get: scorpion king roles
Meh: rock shrimp
Missed out: eel inspired dishes
I'm a bit sushi snob...well, I take that back, I'm a cheap snob, but I can appreciate an establishment that sets itself above and beyond its competitors. What Kinme does best is the decor and service. My friends and I were just walking about the neighborhood when our go-to spot closed down for the season and yelp pointed us to this little hole in the wall sushi spot. In short, Kinme is really quaint but carries a sophisticated and hipster vibe. With the dim blue lighting and the large windows, I felt like I was taking my wife on a date while waiting for our takeout meal. Speaking of which, instead of asking us to wait outside, the hostess kindly gave us seats, water, and kept us entertained and hydrated. As for the food, it's a bit expensive and the special chef creations are par for the course. However, if you bring a bottle of sake, perhaps even pre-eat a bit beforehand, then you're guaranteed to have a great time! I personally like all things soft-shelled crab, but I think the daikon wrap may have been better served on another roll, as the watery crunchiness of the daikon wrap robbed the crab of its omami crunch.
Food: 4 stars
Price: 3 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4-5 starsA cute, quaint Japanese restaurant with a decent selection of food options. You can make reservations online for a seamless process. Our waitress was super sweet and attentive - always made sure that our water glasses were filled. I also love the fact that this place is BYOB. When we were seated, our waitress brought a bucket of ice for us to ensure that our drinks were ice cold. She even opened up our bottled beers for us and poured our glasses.
For appetizers, we ordered the crab puffs, tuna carpaccio, and edamame. For our entree, we shared a couple of the specialty rolls and the omakase sashimi set.Sushi was generally pretty good! It is quite expensive, but the rolls tasted fresh, and their specialty rolls were all very unique and delicious. I thought their fish was very fresh, but small. I eat a lot- and I had to eat 3 rolls to feel *satisfied*Amazing sushi, service, and a BYO for the win!  Such a great spot - be sure to check it outAt first, it seems like just a small, sushi restaurant but Kinme is a hidden gem in Philadelphia. While the food was great, the service was impeccable. Brian made us feel welcome and made us laugh all night. He made ordering easy with great recommendations. 10/10 would come back and try their custom sushi menu. Personally, I'd recommend the Phantom role and the chocolate chip wantons for dessert. BEST sushi I've had in Philly!I have to say, Kinme has some of the most deliriously creative rolls that I have found in center city. It's a small, but fun menu- with a cool selection of special rolls, and the classics we all know and love. Prices are relatively reasonable, and you get to save on that bill because it is BYOB. Some things you don't want to miss on the menu include the crispy tuna rice, the school of rock roll, the incredible hulk roll, and the Pacific islander roll. Seriously, the crispy tuna rice is a "don't miss" item! For dessert, we truly enjoyed the ginger ice cream. Skip the green tea ice cream, it had a seriously bad after taste- and go for the ginger instead. If you like the taste of ginger, you will highly enjoy this flavorful ice cream.
The only reason why I am giving 4 instead of 5 stars is that it seems that this restaurant has a bit of trouble with seat planning. We made our reservation for 7pm for 4 people, and arrived only 2 minutes early. We were told 10-15 minutes for our table. We noticed that there were many open tables of two people, and only a few other parties seated in the restaurant. They had seated a party of 2 at a 4 top, and were waiting for that table to get up, instead of moving tables together, or transferring the party of 2 to a 2-top. While we were eating we noticed about 15 people waiting for tables, and it is not a large restaurant.Thought the rolls were overpriced and underwhelming. There was nothing exceptional in the food or service to warrant the cost. Also felt pressured to leave early when it was empty despite there being plenty of time before closing.I've been here twice in the past week, it's that good. Stopped in for lunch and had the sushi / sashimi special. It was fresh and flavorful, completed with the selection that you would expect for a lunch special. 
We went in for dinner on Saturday and were amazed. Ordered the $65 sushi / sashimi plate and a few rolls. The assorted plate was awesome, complete with several new flavors: slapjack, live scallop, and butter fish! Wow, what a treat. The specialty rolls were great as well, but the assorted plate was definitely the most memorable. 
The service was top notch all around as well. I can't wait to go back!I'm a picky eater when it comes to sushi. This place was delicious and high quality. The chirashi was perfect. Fresh, big assortment, beautifully cut, nice size pieces for one bite. My new spot for takeout during Covid-19Walking by this tiny gem, you would never know that is has some of the best Japanese food in the city. Ordered the vegetable dumplings, grilled avocado and salmon mango avocado roll. OMG- everything was delicious . The veggie dumplings were very flavorful and lightly pan fried. Grilled avocado salad had crab, capers and other tasty ingredients and the sushi was super fresh. I got a passion fruit jasmine iced tea which was YUMMY . Best part of the whole experience was the waiter who was very sweet, knowledgeable of the menu and provided excellent service. Highly recommend Kinme.Excellent lunch spot! I have not been for dinner, but it is high on my list, especially because it is a BYOB. The lunch menu is great- you get to pick 2 for $10. There is also a pick 3 option for those who are hungrier. The quality of sushi is really great and the fish tastes incredibly fresh. Also love the miso soup with enoki mushrooms!In town for Dad Vail Regatta. Glad we found this spot for excellent sushi and some nice asian-fusion appetizers. Good service and high quality food.  Highly recommend.I've only been here one time and it was off of a recommendation, I'm so glad I came to celebrate my anniversary here. The decor is modern and so cute, good for all types of dinner dates! and the food was absolutely amazing! Hands down the best sushi I ever had. The staff was very friendly and the service was great, as the food came out very quickly. The new Hamilton roll was our favorite and recommend to everyone! Definitely try it here, it will become your new favorite spot! And it's BYOB!