Bulgogi Sandwich was good..... just 3$!!!
It is like Asian style cheese stake.... but bulgogi with rice is kinda so so.I went here for lunch and was quite disappointed with what I got. The bulgogi was quite soggy and had a bad texture and the kimchi fried rice was dry and lacked flavor. Lacking flavor is something I do not understand in Korean food since it is so easy to create a simple flavor base with Korean ingredients. The prices are very, very good and they sell kimbap, although I'm not sure I would want to try it from here. Still... I can't think of too many places in Philadelphia that sell kimbap. Either way, I'm pretty sure I won't be going back. I could see some people liking this for a quick, cheap meal, but it is definitely not be for me. I'll walk the few blocks to other Korean places that are slightly better and still relatively cheap.The spicy pork bulgogi and the beef bulgogi are straight fire. If you've got love for Korean food (or just spicy food for that matter) this place is a must. While I personally think the Korean items are the best, KoJa offers a wide selection of Japanese things such as sobas and teriyakis as well.
The food here is as good as any food truck can offer. I it weren't for the long waits (sometimes up to 15 minutes) and the slightly steep prices (used to be $5 for a lunch combo, now it's $6), I'd give this place 5 stars. 
Try the honey lemonade, especially if you've ordered something spicy.I recently read some pretty good reviews about this truck and since it was parked right next to Sugar Philly, I decided to stop by for a late lunch. I should have kept walking. I ordered the Bulgogi beef with udon noodles. I'd never had Bulgogi before so I skipped the familiar teriyaki and tried something new to me. I don't know what it's supposed to taste like, but all I can say is this wasn't anything special. It gets worse. The dish looked and tasted like ramen noodles with meat mixed in. Are ramen and udon the same thing? Anywho, the only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the lady was super nice and I paid $4.50 instead of the $6 I was expecting to pay. Plus PPA didn't get me, so I'm in a good mood!Korean and Japanese fare is easily accessible for a decent price in heaping portions.  The kim chee is just great now and then.  Best time to go is Fridays after 3pm - the plate prices drop below five dollars.
You might need to wait a little bit for this truck to get your food into the Styrofoam plate, but it's worth it ... a good food truck meal with normal amounts of greasiness and I can't complain about the ingredients.
They sometimes have got a TV running in the window so while you wait you can watch.  It's a better place to get your Korean/Japanese food fix than either Han Wool (Between 36th St & Steve Murray Way on Chestnut) or Nara (40th & Spruce) - pricing is better, food is just a little less good, service is faster.Food is made fresh. Took them about 20 mins for me to get my order. I would recommend getting the SPICY Chicken bulgogi because the mild was pretty bland. 
Other then that I would def try it again for the $3 steak sandwichThis place takes too long to prep food. I understand that lines can get crazy during lunch time, but I don't expect to wait over 20 minutes when I'm the only customer in line.
That being said, the people that run this food truck are Korean. Naturally, their Korean menus tend to be better than their Japanese ones. They even sell Kimbap on Fridays.
If you don't mind having a spicy dish, make sure you ask them to make your Kimchi fried rice spicy. Otherwise, their spicy foods tend to be bland and lacking in flavor.My introduction to Korean food was here. Holy cannoli is it delicious!! I highly recommend the bulgoki!!Love their bulgogi sandwich and gimbab. Also great service. The owner is always sooooo sweet! And prices are so cheap too.Bibimbap - Oh so worth the repeated trips to pick it up!!Don't expect your food quickly as the wait time is considerably longer than at other food trucks. That being said, it's well worth it! Good portions at a decent price. I always enjoyed the food. One of the best food trucks in Philly.Oh. My. God.
Hold on. I think my heart just skipped a beat.
Okay, I'm back.
I just happened by the KoJa food truck. It's one of those Korean trucks with a good looking menu. What really caught my eye was an article called America's 10 Best New Sandwiches.
There was a picture of what seemed like one of the most yummy things I had ever seen. The Bulgogi Steak Sandwich, a perfect twist of Korean food a la Philly style.
To my surprise, it was a $3 sandwich. My first thought was that it must be a small sandwich. So, naturally, I asked what size it was. And there it was. A standard size hoagie roll. Done.
This did not disappoint. It was amazing. Mouth watering. So, so yummy. My only regret is that it was not twice as big. I am full and still want more, that's how good it was.
I will be back to KoJa, many times. I look forward to trying other things from their menu, that is if I can pull myself away from the best new sandwich on earth.I've been wanting to try the Bulgogi steak since I heard about it from Maria Sansone (formerly of 1stLook on NBC 10-2) and I finally got over here. I wasn't wowed, but for the price it's hard to beat. It's the equivalent of a prepackaged Amoroso hoagie roll you'd find in a market (6-inch). I've seen places pass these off for much more than $3. I was also expecting a long line because it was lunch time, but I was able to walk right up. Overall, there is definitely as audience for this because of the smaller portion. 
How did it taste? It had a nice freshness to it, but by the time I got home some of the sauce had dried up. It would've been cool if they added extra sauce on top afterwards (a la ketchup style), but I liked it. I love the stringy onions as opposed to the chunky sawdust shaped flakes you'll find in most other spots. Would I go out of my way to come here? Nah. If I frequented the area more than likely... yes.Nice to have the option of a food truck that serves Korean food.  Quick and inexpensive although some selections are decidedly americanized.I had the bulgolgi sandwich here, and I thought it was just alright. I guess it is inexpensive, but it's more of a snack versus a meal. Even though it is a six inch hoagie, it seems to be skinnier than other hoagies I had. The meat is juicy, and the flavor is decent. However, there is barely any meat in the sandwich. True, it is only $3. Maybe I was expecting too much.This truck has been on my list for quite some time and I finally made it here today.  I was not impressed.  First off, I ordered the Bulgoki cheese steak and I got a $6 platter instead.  Okay, fine....maybe I messed up or there was a language barrier.
There was just a few ounces of beef w/ vegetables and the rest was just plain ass, bland, white rice.   The beef was excellent, but $6???
If I pass by again, I guess I'll try the sandwich, but I wouldn't go out of my way to return here.
The homemade honey lemonade was nasty too.Ummm...food truck heaven!? Yes. You can believe that whatever it was that I ordered, I took it and ate it so quickly that I wanted another plate. I could not believe I spent less than 7 bucks on my meal. Ridiculous. The portion was just right and the wait wasn't too long. I can't believe such great food is produced inside a small little truck.One of my favorite food trucks.  I always get the chicken sukiyaki or teriyaki soba.  Just $5 and cans of soda are 50 cents.  As an added bonus, there's a really old tv there which is almost always playing repeats of America's Funniest Home videos from the 80s.The last few times I went to Koja, the food seemed to have gone downhill.
I'd liked getting the noodles, but they weren't as flavourful.  There seemed to be even less non-noodle stuff (veggies, tofu, meat) in there than before.
So, I'm taking off the half-star.The prices are pretty decent, you can expect to spend less than six dollars on a meal here. However, I'm less satisfied with both the portions and the creativity. While the bulgogi sandwich seems to have some cult following, it wasn't very impressive to me. Mayhaps I just have underdeveloped taste buds, but the bulgogi sandwich seemed and tasted like a small cheesesteak with peppers and onions.I got the chicken soba, and while I thought it was reasonably tasty, it's really a terrible deal. For one, its almost entirely noodles (very little chicken), the dumping are miniaturized, and nothing has any flavor except for the noodles. Wouldn't recommend.Their pork bulgogi cheesesteak is amazing and so cheap ($3). However, it is small (perhaps 6 inches) so it left me unsatisfied. I will buy two next time for a fullsized meal.It's ok, pretty decent for food truck Korean food. I like getting the udon here, especially on a cold, windy, winter day. If possible, call ahead so you don't have to freeze your butt outside.
The other dishes in my mind are kinda average. I'd recommend the dishes with rice over the fried noodle dishes here because the noodles seem like they're just ramen noodles which are then stir-fried. It's really tough for me to come here, when I can walk about another block for much tastier and higher quality Korean food from Koreana (formerly known as 38th Pizza and Korean food or $6 Korean).
The Friday special is also a damn good deal. $5 for anything on the menu after 4 PM (if I remember correctly).I really want to like this place. I really do. I've come here again and again hoping it would be better, but I've yet to have an enjoyable experience. 
The portions are disappointedly small and often cold for some strange reason. Served in a large styrofoam container, the food just feels more empty. Service is horrendously slow, especially when you're watching the long line from the chicken and rice vendor moving like a factory line down the street. Coupled with UTown and Koreana near by, might as well treat yourself to a slightly classier, much tastier Korean meal. For Japanese, check out Mizu. Afterall, KoJa isn't really Korean/Japanese fushion, but simply a menu with the two types of cusine combined together.As  other people have mentioned the portions here are huge, so if paying $5-6 for lunch seems a little steep for you then bear in mind you'll probably get two meals fro your dinner. All meals are $4.50 on Friday evenings and although the wait can be longer than average for a truck the food is worth it.
(this review has been fueled by KoJa's very tasty Curry Rice)2.5 stars. Tried the Bulgogi Wrap and the Kimchi Fried Rice. The Kimchi Fried Rice was actually a smaller portion that I expected considering it was just fried rice. And the Kimchi and spices combined weren't actually all that flavorful. As for the Bulgogi Wrap, the bulgogi meat itself was decently tender, though the flavor just wasn't there. I expect stronger notes of soy and asian pear in the marinade, and the wrap instead decides to incorporate this white sauce which really didn't mesh with the bbq. Otherwise it seemed uninteresting with just the bland beef, rice, and lettuce. 
$4.50 meals after 3pm is still a decent deal though, and if you're looking for a cheap quick meal you may want to give it a try. Even after normal price it's not that much more expensive so feel free to make your own judgment. My verdict though is that it's underwhelming for korean/mexican fusion, and not my first choice given the better food cart options in the area.Not a fan. Ventured away from my normal spots on Spruce + Kim's oriental next to Pottruck, and I got this...
The lady was not happy when I asked for my loyalty card to be stamped twice (even though I bought 2 items). She wanted to give me 2 separately stamped cards. (Though to be fair, one dish was for my friend standing next to me). But still!
Anyways, I got the bulgogi udon. It was so bland! And so little meat! My friends kimchi fried rice was slightly better.
Oh how much I miss the kimchi spam fried noodles of my undergrad days in Berkeley... it should be a staple of every Korean hole in the wall / food truck!Koja serves up some tasty hot food for cheap.
Spicy Rice Noodles are wide, with a nice soft texture that absorbs the spicy flavour of the sauce.  Chicken was overcooked, so I prefer the veggie/tofu option.  It'd be great if they put more veggies in.
Bulgogi sandwich is tasty.  I'd get this again.
Bulgogi rice meal is all right.  It's a lot of rice.  Lots of cabbage fried in with the beef, but it's not bad for $6.
Service is good, friendly.
3.5 starsDelicious, cheap, and making my mouth water just thinking of it!! 
I will literally drive from Manayunk to Center City at rush hour to pick up spicy noodles with chicken for dinner. All entrees are under $6.The singular reason to go to Koja: bulgogi steak sandwiches. Your choice of beef, chicken, or spicy pork with sauteed veggies and cheese. At $3 each, these are a steal. Sure, they're a bit on the smallish side to stand alone as a full lunch, but what do you expect for $3? At that price, you can afford to be a fatty and get two. 
I haven't tried the rest of the food, but it seems a little expensive for a food truck. Especially since Koreana is two blocks away, and a few extra dollars can get you a ton of food there. However, all meals are discounted (I think they're all $4.50 or so) after 3 pm on Fridays, so that may be a good time to check out the rest of the menu.Practically everything on the menu had the word spicy to describe it... but I wanted to try Koja anyway (being an utter lightweight) because I'd heard good things. Plus, it's probably the prettiest darned food truck on campus. Truly artful.
Anyway, I ordered the spicy chicken noodle dish. But from here on out, I shall call it the spicy spicy spice dish. Gorgeous fat noodles, a little bit of cabbage and some chunks of nice white meat chicken, all slathered in a red sauce that made me hallucinate. I will be back, but I'm going to order something and ask if they can make it on the mild side. Honestly, the fat noodles were wonderful and the chicken high quality, but I couldn't taste anything after a bite and I didn't get back my sense of taste for a few hours afterwards. Luckily, I had managed to order a honey lemonade (the last one!) to wash it down. The lemonade was FANTASTIC, a real hot-day treat that I highly recommend. But even after downing the entire drink, my face was red and splotchy for a few minutes after my meal - not my best look. Also, due to the spice levels, I was only able to down a few bites of my meal.
I'll be back to try the bulgoki beef sandwich (mild, please!) and hopefully another honey lemonade. But if I can't manage to finish my sandwich due to spice levels, that will be my last try, KOJA!It's been a while since I've been to Philadelphia, so the colorful new exterior to the KoJa food cart was a pleasant change.  I ordered the kimchee chigae, and received a borderline obscene portion size, with the kimchee placed in a separate container so I could pour it over the rice to taste.
Friday seems to be the best day to go, as they have the much-touted $4.50 lunch special and an extra menu item (although I can't remember what the special item was).Koja's quality has definitely gone down since I've first ordered from here. 
During my most recent visit, I ordered their bulgogi wrap. The wrap was a decent price, but I felt like it was more packed with lettuce than meat, which was a disappointment. The bulgogi beef was a little on the bland side for me. The only thing that would keep me coming back here is the fact that meals are $4.50 after 3PM on Friday's.Huge portions and only $5-6 per entree--and everything tastes amazing.
My favorite is the spicy chicken noodles, although for my embarrassing intolerance for spicy things the noodles were a little too spicy. Not complaining though, they were too delicious for this to be anything other than a five star rating.How in the hell can they make this sandwich for only $3? It was a very respectable size, bordering entering the "big" category. Koja puts the chopped beef on bread that you would typically find holding up a cheesesteak, which works to give that familiar but different feel. American cheese and onions join the meat, and it all tastes awesome. You get the ooze of the mild cheese, while still enjoying the distinctly Korean marinade on the meat. How do UPenn kids not eat this every day?Today was the first day of my new year's aspiration of hitting more of the food trucks around campus.  The woman was very nice and they had AFHV going on the ghetto TV in the window.  $6 got me a hefty serving of spicy pork bulgogi, rice, and cabbage (and the two fried dumplings).  Unfortunately, as with Matt S.'s experience, there was alot more rice and cabbage than there was meat.  I'll give them another shot and try a noodle dish next time, but I agree with Alex C. that the better option might just be to head to Koreana at 38th/Chestnut at the place behind the strip club.Consistently fresh and flavorful, Koja is one of my go-to lunch joints. I'm fairly inexperienced with both Korean and Japanese, but Koja's dishes seem reasonably authentic. I'm a huge fan of the flat rice noodles and the udon noodles. After they're boiled, the noodles are thrown on the flat top grill where they pick up the most wonderful char. And there's just enough oil to cook and flavor the noodles. The shredded cabbage and sesame seeds provide additional texture and flavor. I ask for "medium spicy" which has a substantial kick without being painful. Sometimes, when it's freezing out, the owner gives you free hot tea while you wait! The noodle portions are very generous.KoJa is good korean food. Especially cause its from a truck.
I got the Bulgoki chicken. I had him make it mild for me and it was still pretty spicy so be aware of that.
I really liked it though. 
I would say it is more fitting for the colder climates rather than summer. Mostly because it is a somewhat far walk from Drexel University campusI can smell KoJa a block away, consequently luring me from work into a line of similarly devoted fans. I love Korean food, and this place does a decent job!Preface: I've only had the bulgogi and the bulgogi sandwich.
I hate being a hater, but Koja's bulgogi is basically flavorless.
I assure you that anyone who has had good, or actually just regular bulgogi (a staple korean delight) will find Koja's very disappointing. 
Don't get me wrong, it doesn't taste bad, it tastes fine, but it's just not good or really what  it's supposed to taste like.
I'm assuming that most Yelpers just haven't experienced the delicious flavor of a well marinated portion (the truck IS on Penn's campus...) hence the generally positive reviews.
Gave it two chances. Not going back.
Sad face for it not being as delicious as it can and should be.Spicy Beef Bulgoki is AMAZING.  The Udon Soup is pretty good, too.  I liked the kimchi.  Only problem is the wait.I pretty much lived on their chicken Yakisoba my senior year at Penn...I'm actually kind of surprised I didn't drop dead from all the crap I ate that year. Anyway! As far as food trucks go, KoJa was definitely one of my favorites. I wish I had liked Korean food back in the day as I would have liked to try their other offerings. Of course, nothing can beat $5 Korean Food and Pizza on Chestnut Street (across from Hamilton Court and behind the strip club...), if that's still around.If you like heat, KoJa is the food truck for you.
Everything is made fresh on the grill - slowly, but well done. I'm a fan of their hot & spicy tofu noodles, which are thick ho-fun style noodles with sesame oil, spice (ask for less if you are averse!) and soy sauce, topped with sesame seeds. 
The dumplings are vegetarian but negligible. 
After 3pm on Fridays, meals ar $4. Fridays is also the days of kim-bap, the Korean-style sushi, for $4.50 with a soda, I believe.
They recently rolled out some new menu items, like the bugolgi cheesesteak, which my boyfriend is a huge fan of (he needs two, though, to fill up, and he's not a huge guy - but at around $3.50 per sandwich, you can have your lunch without breaking the bank).
Whatever you do, CALL AHEAD. They are slow, there aren't any vats full of pre-cooked goop here.KoJa is soo delicious. They know how to do spicy just right! Though the menu is pretty small, I am always happy with my spicy tofu stir fry, spicy tofu noodles, and udon soup. Though I hate America's Funniest Home Videos, I don't mind watching the show on the TV they supply in the truck, sitting on the red sidewalk benches, under the sun umbrellas, knowing that I will soon be be eating delicious, greasy, spicy food.
Don't miss the honey lemonaid in the summer!You need only order one thing - "Spicy Beef Noodle."
A bit of a dirty cart on the exterior, but it seems rather clean inside.  Either way, it is worth the risk.It's rather expensive for a food truck in my opinion. There's barely any meat in the beef bulgogi with rice. I would say 80% shredded onions and 20% shredded beef. LAME. 
The only thing worth getting is kimbap on Fridays! It's cheaper, comes with a soda, and pre-made. If you're in a rush, this is definitely the best option.koja almost hits the spot right on. the spicy noodles, stir fry, and japchae are fantastic.  they respond to spice requests, but not to requests to add more veggies.  all the dishes are heavy on rice and noodles and could use a bit more broccoli, mushrooms, and spring onions.As a note, what it is perfect at is what it tries to be. I won't lie and say this is the best food in Philly, but when it comes to quick, tasty food dirt cheap and within spitting distance of work I can't go wrong.
Of particular note are the Bulgogi sandwich and Pork Katsu sandwhich, both of which are $4 or under and quite tasty. As for the service, I'm not sure what people are complaining about. The wait times seem standard any food truck making food to order, and the nice lady working there gave me free tea because I looked cold (it was during the first snow of the season)
The only downside I can think of it that they seem to be erratic in their locations. Half the time I try to get there (on 38th), they wind up being somewhere else.Other than the long wait and small portions, the Korean beef is worth it. Other reviewers speak of "huge portions"...not sure about that.  Perhaps it was because I caught the truck at a festival and they weren't selling the usual (see pic)...
back to the beef- It's not much different than the raw kind you can buy and cook at home but you are paying for convenience. ( I think we paid $5 or $6). The staff back there are not quite friendly and while it took near 20 min for the one beef dish we got, I could tell they were working hard. If I came for lunch on a business day I would be pretty upset at wasting my lunch waiting but since it was a nice day and since they warned us it would take 15 min, it was all good. Like I mentioned the portion was meager and not filling. The rice was dry and could have used gravy of sauce, but the beef was ohhh so good. So well marinated and tender. I wish they had more than those two little strips of meat piled on the rice. I gave it 4 stars because the beef was good and you know they are working hard back there. I recommend this food truck!First and very last time.  I ordered the $6 Pork Bugolki; 3/4 of the box is filled with rice, two really tiny fried dumplings, and about 2 ounces of pork.  It's got nothing but cabbage and onions to go with it.  The meat and vegetables were very tiny portions.  WHAT. A. RIPOFF.I would call this food "very acceptable". I had the beef bulgogi, which comes with marinated beef and veggies, steamed rice, and two fried dumplings. It was hot, freshly cooked before my eyes, and tasty. Bear in mind the beef-and-veggie mixture was about half cabbage. However, the whole thing did end up being a filling amount of food. This truck is a decent option if you are in the area and need a quick, cheap(ish) lunch in a pinch.Long wait, but most of the time, worth it!
Unless you call ahead, the wait can take upwards of 20 minutes because of the time it takes to cook everything. All of the food is made-to-order and because there's usually one cook, a line of 10 people can take a while to get through.
My personal favorites include their Bulgogi Sandwich (which is apparently nationally ranked?) and any of their noodle varieties. The bulgogi sandwich is a great afternoon snack, juicy meat and sauces and cheese served on a soft bun. The noodles are the biggest bang-for-your-buck, heaped on and loaded with whatever meat/veggie you get with it.
Koja is one of the few places on campus to get soup noodles. Their Udon Noodle Soup is a perfect cold, winter day cure. The broth is very tasty with a small peppery kick. There's a decent amount of noodles which is usually accompanied with fish cakes and bits of seaweed. Although they recently raised their price, it's still worth it.
Advice: call ahead. Buy a macaron from Sugar Philly next door to tide you over if you decide to order and wait.This food truck on 38th Street and Walnut Street (a little ways north of the Locust Walk bridge to be honest) is some of the best Asian food I've found in University City. The guy who runs it is extremely friendly (always smiles) and the price is very, very reasonable for the amount of food you get. Not to mention, it's tasty! Good ingredients, good cooking... I'm going there tomorrow to get some more authentic Korean food.Being Korean, I guess I had my expectation when realizing that this cart existed. When I got my food (meat over rice) there was not much meat at all...just a whole lot of veggies and white rice (the rice was approximately half of the container). I feel like I paid $6 for veggies with rice more than anything.Is it okay to give a high rating to a food truck?
KoJa is a great food truck. It does what it claims to - offer you cheap, delicious, Korean/Japanese food. I think it does a lot more than that, going above and beyond the call of duty of food trucks.
For example, Koja is a great place to go if you have $5 and really want to make your eating out worth it. Your mouth will be on fire, preventing you from eating too much at once. And voila, Koja has given you two meals instead of one! Magical.
But in all seriousness, what they call spicy is pretty spicy. And they give you really generous portions. I come here when I want noodles but not lo mein; the other trucks just don't have a variety of noodles. And for someone who likes to save on a regular day in UC, this truck is a safe bet.Bugolgi steak sandwich for $3. Now that was amazing. Too bad they are closed on the weekends.I have read somewhere that KOJA food had closed!  THE KOJA FOOD TRUCK IS OPEN!!!!!  Same great food.  Slightly smaller menu.  Come out to see them.  Yum!I'm giving Koja 5 stars because it is the best food truck I've been to, not necessarily because it beats out other $$$ restaurants I've given lower ratings to. 
I've been torn about reviewing Koja because I love it so much and I kind of don't want people to know about it. Is that unfair? Is it wrong for me to keep this food truck a beautiful secret? The Bulgogi? The noodles? The dumplings? How can you ask me to choose? Plus, Koja is an insanely good deal, considering that most food trucks average out to $6/meal, whereas I can easily get food and a drink from Koja in about $3.50-4.
The only possible complaint I could have is the wait time. I've never gotten a meal in under 15 minutes, no matter what time (11 am or 3 pm) or how many people are in front of me.KO-JA is a Korean and Japanese lunch truck at the edge of the University of Penn campus. Unsure if their name implies Korean-Japanese food, or whether it has another origin - will have to ask next time. Walk up, order what you want, and pay. (Get drinks too, for a small fee.)
I got the spicy pork bul go ki chef's special and the hot & spicy beef stir fry (grilled with vegetables and a hot pepper sauce) for my friend. Both were a reasonable $5.50 and include rice, three fried dumplings, and a cabbage salad. Both dishes had good quantity of tasty, tender meat marinated in "Korean seasonings". Delish.
Service is always fast and friendly from both the folks I deal with. Recommended for a quick lunch or dinner - I believe they close their doors around 7:30pm, so do check their hours before venturing out.I can't believe its a food truck!
Don't get me wrong, I can't dub Koja anywhere near the best place place for Korean/Japanese food, especially when its so close to Koreana. But one has to marvel over a food truck that has the capability of delivering things like bul go ki and kimchee so quickly with a smile.
Grant it the quality is somewhat what you would expect from a truck, and oftentimes the portions tend to contain too much rice for my blood. But the taste, spice, and reasonable price for what your getting is all in the right place. 
If you're looking for a solid Asian influenced spot in the area then definitely go elsewhere. but if you're looking for a quick and sufficiently priced lunch that offers up something completely different than all of the other options, then Koja is the spot for you!Maybe some of these other folk have never had good Korean food. There is no way this Korean food truck serves good food. Bulgogi... bleh, not the right flavor. Rice, too wet and overcooked. Jap chae, the most horrible, tasteless, bland, weirdly textured noodle dish I have ever eaten in my life. Not to mention the dumplings they include; maybe they've used human meat in the dumpling because all I wanted to do after I ate from this truck was vomit. If you want moderately priced and SHITTY food, come eat here. Otherwise, STEER CLEAR and go patronize some other food trucks or actual restaurants situated near this area. UGH!!! I am so sad money was spent here on this lovely wintry day.