Forget the food...horrible customer service!!! Waited for delivery for over an hour after they said 35 mins, called Koja and the girl did nothing to help but give me an attitude. I will never order from here again.First of all huge portions. I love the food at Koja. Though it can get kinda up there in price a little bit when you get an entree plus drink, usually around $10 or just under, it's worth it. 
The food is unique, a great variety of noodle dishes. The beef bulgogi wrap is pretty awesome. I'd eat here all the time if I had the will power to not finish the ridiculously huge serving they give me.Best Philly cheesesteak in the city without a doubt! And the spicy beef is amazing. Don't listen to the food snobs on yelp. Koja grille is the place to go if you are looking for the best Philly cheesesteak in town.Best cheesesteak you can get! Meat is well seasoned and the cheese is ALWAYS fresh! Other dishes are pretty good as well. Believe me cuz this is coming from a Korean. And being Korean, I'm VERY picky about "Korean food". The Mrs. Is very nice and always tries to suggest things. This place is. MUST try!This place has gone downhill
The portions have gotten smaller, onions have become the grilled vegetables in "the line" it's about 85% onion
The beef is always chewy the shrimp never have the texture of shrimp like watery and they never have brown rice oh but if they do you will be charged for it
They are charging $3.00 for brown rice instead of white rice, I ordered a chicken wing combo that comes with white rice and wondered why the price was so high.Cheap food but did it not resemble any good Korean food I have ever had. It tasted... Americanized? Wingo Taco lunch truck on campus, although less authentic dishes, has much more authentic flavors.I've been in the Philadelphia all my life and I have to admit... This was by far the most memorable cheesesteak I've ever had. Forget your classic cheesesteak the bulgogi is so tender and juicy it changes the game. I can't comment about anything else from there but I've lost count on how many cheesesteaks I've ordered from them but not once has it let me down. I always  order pick up and it takes about 20 minutes but the wait is well worth it.I would give them 5 stars had they been consistent in whether or not they want to deliver to Fairmount. Nonetheless, awesome food and worth the drive to pick it up. You have to try the Grilled Kimchi with beef.Pretty typical pan-Asian fair with poorly executed Korean stuff.
I am just getting over being sick, and really didn't feel like cooking tonight.  Yelp showed me this place, and I thought "Hey, hot and spicy soup, what could be better?"  Well, evidently, a lot of things.  I ordered the sun tofu chigae with seafood, and found it to be too salty, lacking in depth, and sprinkled with about 3 calamari rings, 2 small shrimp, and a small clam.  This is for a two regular person servings bowl at $7.99.  Now if this was the bees knees authentic and flavorful broth, veggie, and tofu soup I had known from better restaurants, I wouldn't be that disappointed.  As it is, though, I'm wishing I had simply warmed up some chicken broth with a little lime and siracha and tossed in some noodles - it probably would have been better seasoned.
Perhaps it was just a poor selection from their menu?  I don't know, but I doubt I'll be coming back for overpriced garbage.I enjoyed the Jap Chae I had here on 4/3/17. There was nothing wrong with the service or the surroundings. One does not get a gourmet experience at these prices. I find the other reviews generally too harsh.Meh. I came here with my bestie (who is Korean) and we both decided that overall it was okay but nothing amazing. We've both had much better Korean food before (well duh on her end) and at better prices. I got the bibimbap and paid extra to have it in the stone pot. The extra was worth it. I'm still confused why the girl asked me how I wanted my egg, as my friend and I both automatically assumed it would come raw so that it could cook when I mixed it all in. And when we tried to order that she looked confused. We were both confused, but it worked out in the end, sorta. My egg ended up sunny side up. Shrug. 
My friend got the kimchi pancakes and topokki. She wasn't impressed with the latter but the kimchi pancakes where okay. I'd agree that I've had better topokki from supermarkets. I also got the miso soup which was really good. So +1 for that.
Overall it was ok. Nothing amazing but nothing lousy either. For the prices, I probably wouldn't come back if I'm choosing a Korean food spot. But if I was in the area, maybe.You could NOT ask for better people here.  I love Korean food and have ordered it plenty, but the service at Koja is impeccable.
It's unfortunate Korean food isn't popular in America because it definitely should be! I've turned so many friends onto Korean food just from this place. We love spice (and the Koreans even tone it down for us)
One time I had a friend order for me and he screwed up (said bulgogi instead of topokkii) and they understood the confusion and fixed it on their dime!
And Mr. Koja? All I want to say is thank you, ahjussi!Every time and everything I have ordered from them so far has been DELICIOUS. The have good portions and reasonable prices. The only sad thing is that they don't carry hot teaProbably the best asian food you can get in a restaurant by Temple University, and even with that in mind it is pretty good. Things are easily customizable for your taste and it's not very expensive.Bulgogi Cheesesteak ??? Sign me up! I saw a post on Facebook and I was surprised that a place had Bulgogi and Cheesesteak together. The taste does not over power one another. You can equally taste the bulgogi and Cheesesteak. The meal can be made mild or spicy so go with what you would normally get at a Korean restaurant. 
It is $8.99 for one sandwich. I say it's well worth it if you want to try a new spin of Korean food with a signature Philly dish. It is way better than the touristy spots like Geno's or Pat's since they make it fresh to order compare to the industrialized iconic spots. The meal takes a while to prepare but the bread was still soft and bulgogi was still warm when I took it as take out. The meal comes with a bottle of water and salad. I also ordered the Jap chae and it was good too. It has a great aroma and array of veggies with a sesame taste. I didn't eat breakfast when I tried it but I finished it. Usually when I don't eat breakfast or skip a meal, my appetite if a fragment of what it normally is. Let that be a statement to follow. Give it a try! All thumbs up! Massiseyo.Average food. Actually, below average. I've tried worse Korean food but this place is firmly in top 3 (bottom 3)A-Maz-Ing! In town for Temple orientation, lines were too long at the cafs. Walked around and stumbled on this pearl in the oyster. My daughter and I had the Jop Chae special, mine with shrimp, hers tofu, both reg spicy. Big plate of rice noodles with plenty of veggies. I would have a hard time choosing another restaurant. Price was spot on.The people who work here are very friendly, so I feel kind of bad trashing the place...but it's not them that matters really, it's the food. Quick food open late is limited. This place is to be avoided if at all possible. I have eaten there numerous times and tried a variety of menu items, including all of the appetizers, mostly fried lumps of varying shapes and sizes with a continuous flavor of grease and dough. The one option which was somewhat better was noodles, and I appreciate you can pick your own combination of noodle type, meat, and sauce, but that's where the appreciation ends. The meats are not really worth ordering, so tofu or plain vegetables is the go-to. On top of that, the sauces suffer from the same issue as the fried appetizers - they all really taste the same. The spicy sauce is a bit hotter than the rest, but mostly no distinctions. Finally, the noodles themselves are properly cooked and edible but without decent meat, or even tasty sauce, they are worthless caloric input. Pretty much the only things I haven't tried are the more traditional Korean dishes, like the bibimbap, which I've seen other people eating and they seemed like they enjoyed, and they seem to enjoy in reviews on Yelp...that's just not my thing. Even at  Korean restaurants I'm not particularly adventurous, and will stick to the BBQ side of the experience. I don't really think of this place as a "Korean restaurant"...it's just a fast food place on campus with a few Korean menu items. 
Also, as other people have noted, the place is really dirty. The bathroom is at the end of a scary hall. The buffet table for napkins, plastic silverware, and sauces is downright filthy. The TV was always playing America's Funniest Home Videos. It wasn't just always on tv, either. Someone like the owner has a penchant for AFHV and plays their own personal stash of tapes on repeat on the display tv. Truly ODD.I really don't know how this place has so many stars. This food was really bad. 
I stopped here because I saw on yelp that they had bulgogi cheesesteaks. Their Korean version of a cheesesteak. I was so excited because I love Korean food and cheesesteaks. 
So it's bulgogi, fried onions, kimchi and cheese. Sounds like it would be great right? Nope. Maybe from somewhere else. The meat was fatty, scarce and lightly seasoned.
Also ordered the Korean wings and they were a disappointment. Bland and not crispy.
The cheese steak came with a side of fried dumplings and they were really good. Maybe the other food here is good. But what I had wasn't. 
The guy at the counter was very friendly and that was really good customer service, I would take less friendly service with great food. 
I wouldn't return.I love koja- Its quick and delicious.
I've never dined in but my take out has always been very good.
Love their kimchi, koja pancakes and 'the line' build your own dishes -I always go with the rice noodles spicy with tofu and have never had a bad experience.Because I have a part time job on campus, and everything is pretty much closed around here on Sundays, I walked in to Koja. I have tried their regular korean dishes, they are totally not worth the money. I tried their bulkogi cheesesteak spicy today, they were actually not bad. But for 10 dollars, it's kinda expensive.Was in town for business with Amtrak and had recently seen a write-up for the Bulgogi Cheesesteak, served at the Koja Foodtruck in University City.  Looked it up on Yelp and saw that there were more extensive offereings at an actual Koja Grille over near Temple.  Not sure if the truck and the restaurant are actually linked anymore.  Anyway, drove over for lunch.  I had the pork bulgogi with a side of fried dumplings and my friend ordered 'the line' with udon noodles and shrimp.  The person taking the orders asked if I would like my bulgogi mild and I said no, I wanted it spicy. The guy at the grill putting my meal together smirked. My meal had absolutely no heat to it at all.  The fried dumplings were tasteless and were just served with what appeared to be soy sauce in a plastic cup.  The only good thing I can say is that they weren't greasy.  My bulgogi had very little pork, about three spears of broccoli and was almost entirely onion.  My friend likened hers to mediocre chinese food.  On top of that, we asked for a few extra napkins.  They are kept behind the counter.  We were handed two very thin, cheap napkins begrudgingly.  Go elsewhere.  The food is below average and the empoyees aren't very nice.The bulgogi cheesesteak special is really the only good deal. You get a cheesesteak, three fried dumplings, a can of soda, a small salad, and a bag of chips for $8.50. There's much better Korean food in Philly, but Koja has one of my favorite cheesesteaks ever.I love this place!!! Bulgogi how did I never know u existed! I love the sit anywhere vybe and menu is very untraditional without being intimidating. Staff is very nice & they also see the best! Ur greatLove this place, for take out and dining in. I'm giving it an extra star because of the location alone. There are a few trucks selling Korean/Japanese food on Temple's campus, but there's a bit more of a varied selection here. It gets pretty crowded around lunchtime, so try to get there early to avoid the rush. Either that or call ahead.
I tend to get the "authentic" Korean food here, like the chigae. 'Course, things like wraps and Korean cheesesteak (which I definitely want to try sometime) aren't truly Japanese or Korean, but a lot of the rest of the menu is. The Korean fried chicken and noodles are pretty good too. Good kimchi, too. I've had my fair share of both Korean and Japanese food, and this stuff is pretty close to the real deal. Overall, a solid experience for fast Korean or Japanese food. The generous serving sizes will fill you up.we've ordered from here twice so i have no idea what the restaurant looks like but overall i have liked what i have gotten. i've had my share of korean food everywhere in big cities and this is great for delivery. we have ordered the bulgoki wrap (sooo good and big portion), sun tofu chige (great soup), kim chee is pretty decent, chicken wings would have been good if they were a little more fresh but with delivery it's hard to know since they were a little soggy. 
best part is that they delivered to northern liberties which i like. korean food you make me so happy.Koja Grille's audience is college students. It doesn't try to be authentic, unfortunately. It's method of operation is to have a decent presentation in its store, label their dishes to be reminiscent of actual Korean or Japanese cuisine, and go from there. Honestly, I don't think anyone cares. It's like the Panda Express version of Korean and Japanese food. Anyway...
nice decoration...?
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/koja-grille-philadelphia?select=P1fVC4s5gAliPo8LfQNY6g#P1fVC4s5gAliPo8LfQNY6g
There are about 60 seats, mostly of seats of 2 and 4. Groups are also accepted, but be cautious during the busier hours of lunchtime. There are usually 2-3 employees on staff, and the line suffers for that. It took me quite sometime to place my order in line because the cashier was also doing other things that are meted out to another employee. I'm not sure how I feel about that. Efficient in terms of revenue, but service shouldn't have to suffer for that.
Also, you have to kinda clean up the table yourself, with a bin for your trash and dirty dishes. I was fine with that, seeing how few people were working at the time.
view of the interior:
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/koja-grille-philadelphia?select=P1fVC4s5gAliPo8LfQNY6g#NVXSem4_p6_wjCf9kFHjgg
After ordering, the waiters actually serve you the food. Good for crowd control, since you don't have a large crowd dawdling near the cashier and taking up unnecessary space. 
A word before the review of the food. I don't mean to sound like a snob, but I think for a place that charges such prices for their food for a not-so-decent portion, the taste should be spectacular. I'm from L.A., and I've dined in Koreatown enough to know the ratio of prices/deliciousness to judge what is a "good deal" or not. 
The dishes are of decent portions. It's about $10 per entree. It's not much, and it doesn't really fit the budget of a college student, but it's something. I don't know any other places around Temple that offer "Korean/Japanese" food. I ordered the Pork Bulgogi, which was the special for the day (included a bottle of water or can of soda and an eggroll). Most entrees also come with a cup and a half of white rice. That was $8.49. I also asked for a cup of tap water, which isn't self-serve, strangely enough. Decent price, in comparison to the other entrees. 
Pork Bulgogi:
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/koja-grille-philadelphia?select=P1fVC4s5gAliPo8LfQNY6g#qa4n1jJbJxrOgO0h5H3jxw
The food isn't authentic, as aforementioned, and therefore suffers for that. If this place could manage a dumbed-down version of its food that I really enjoy, then kudos. But if you're not going to be authentic with the food, please. please, don't ruin it and potentially cause someone generalize all Korean food as such. Breaks my heart sometimes when I see people dislike and entire type of cuisine because of a bad experience at a place like this. Essentially, it was marinade  pork slathered with chili paste [I love spicy ;)]. That's the most essential form of Korean bbq, and it usually doesn't fail. This place... failed. A bit too salty. Redeeming quality? They diluted the entree with tons of carrots, celery, and lettuce. Can't go wrong with those, right?
So.
Combine an unauthentic and less than reasonable portion for the price of pork bulgogi that barely passes, with okay service (the waiter mistook my friend's order) and you get a dissatisfying experience. *sigh*. It's okay. I was with friends. That made the experience much better.
Go somewhere else for Korean/Japanese food. It's not worth it, in my opinion.really too bad， i ordered a mild soup ， while  was given a really spicy one with red oil covering the whole bowl！Not even close to the real thing.  Food has little flavor and on top of it, I got sick.This place would get four or five stars but the last two times they have messed up my orders.  The spicy bulgogi cheesesteak is one of the best cheesesteaks in the city.  It comes with peppers and onions so I usually order no onions being I don't like them.  The last two times they have given it to me with onions regardless.  The first time I called back and they apologized and had one sent back to me correctly made.  The second time I didn't even bother calling back and just are the other food I ordered.  You shouldn't have to order a sandwich twice.  
The spicy Korean wings aren't bad but they are nothing amazing as they advertise them to be.  The spicy and very spicy butterfly shrimp on the other hand are very good.
Service is a downfall but the bulgogi cheesesteak is worth the wait, sometimes.I was craving hot tofu soup and this was the closest place to Temple. It's not something to write home about but it's not terrible either. I got the mild, beef sun tofu chigae. My boyfriend got the spicy, kimchi sun tofu chigae. 
if you want more flavor I'd say get it spicy. My mild had absolutely no spice and barely any salt. I had to add my own to get any flavors going. The servings are huge so that's a plus. If you're cold, lazy and craving tofu soup then I'd recommend it. If not, I'd suggest taking that twenty minute drive into Chinatown.I came here twice:
1st time - Late night craving for soon du bu and i was satisfied.
2nd time - i had yakiudon w/ chicken & my friend had jobchae w/ tofu and we shared but came to the conclusion that it's a bit pricey and not that good. but for me the string bean side thing kind of made it better for me ?
well whatever, i've not given up on koja grille yet ! next time i'll try the katsus.. just not sure when next time is.Come here if you need a quick fix, but there are definitely better places out there. It's Asian food, but not. More like Asian inspired. I recommend the bulgogi wrap. It doesn't taste Korean at all, but it's delicious.
It's kind of pricey considering it's near Temple and all its students come here.When Im on campus, I don't spend real people money. I use Diamond Dollars. 
When I'm on campus, I don't eat campus cafeteria food. I go to Koja.
Koja started out as a Food Truck on Penn's campus and the kids loved it so much they turned it into a restaurant and then one came to Temple. I've been coming here since I was a freshman and even made it a Sunday night ritual "family" dinner when I still lived on campus. Almost three years later and I'm still coming back for more.
I love "the Line", you can pick your starch (either rice, soba noodles, or udon noodles, your meat (chicken, beef, shrimp, or tofu), and your spice (teriyaki, hot n spicy, or something a little sweeter? I always go for the hot n spicy chicken with soba noodles. 
When the food comes, you also get a little salad and a side of garlicky green beans. I think those are my favorite or maybe the vegetables mixed in with my noodles. The portions are huge but somehow I seem to finish it completely every time. I got all of my friends to become devoted fans of Koja as well.This place is great.  Koja is one of the few places that I consistently eat at.  The bibambap is a great meal, but if you're not used to eating korean food, I would try "the line".Best asian food near temple.Heard about this place through multiple news articles on CNN and Food Network. The must-try item they highlighted was the Bulgogi Philly Cheesesteak. So I decided to give it a try over the weekend and I was satisfied with what I got. The combo meal of the cheesesteak, drink, and 3 fried vegetable gyozas cost me about $9. I was expecting only a 6" sandwich, but it was a full on 12"+ cheesesteak. Overall I thought the Bulgogi Philly Cheese Steak was good, but it wasn't something that has me screaming "you must try this now!"Everything on their menu is good. Expand ya pallet and try different selections. Whenever am craving corner store chinese food I'll make the trip to come here because it's way better.My friend and I were in the area looking for a quick bite. Koja was exactly what we were looking for. Quick, cheap, and delicious. 
We split the bulgogi cheesesteak and a bibimbap (in a stone bowl of course!). I loved the cheesesteak. Wasn't sure how the twist on a philly classic was going to turn out but the flavor combo worked really well. Bibimbap was pretty solid as well and the portion size was more than we expected. Didn't try the dumplings but heard the next table say they were pretty good so I'll definitely try those another time. 
I'll probably be back if I'm in the area. Kind of jealous I didn't get a Koja by my campus when I was in college. I would've been here more than I would like to admit.Earlier today I placed an online order. When I got here to pick it up, there was only 1 person at the cashier. There was nobody else there who could give me my order.  I stood there in front of the cashier for more than 10 minutes as he took someone's order over the phone. It was outrageous.  It's an outrage this place is so understaffed.  Nobody in this place cares about the customer.
I was excited after 10 minutes when the cashier finally hung up the phone.  I then proceeded to receive my order. He gave me a bag but only half of the items were in the bag! I kid you not. He then found the other parts of my order elsewhere.
How this monkey of an employee is employed here is beyond me. This person was absolutely clueless, nobody here cares about the customer. They will make you wait absurd amounts of time and maybe they will help you give you order if your lucky enough if they are not busy on the phone.  I even asked the cashier 'is there anyone else here to help me'? He explained no, this is it. Wow.  I guess that's pretty sad nobody in this place cares.
I will never in my life order food here again.Temple University is a food island for the most part. There are a few good trucks, but not much else. Overpriced draft beer at the Draught Horse and Maxi's without very good food. So a hungry person will need to know a few nooks and crannies to be satisfied. Tai's Vietnamese is one; so is the famous crepe truck, and the subject of this review: Koja Grille.
It's more than passable. I like it. I've had the pork and beef bulgogi there, and though it isn't spicy enough (even when I ask for it to be), it's still pretty tasty. The flavors are deep enough and the food fresh enough to warrant multiple visits. The dumplings and chicken wings are nothing to write home about, and the cheesesteak is hardly spicy, more sweet in fact, but I still enjoy it and the portions too.
There is better Korean, that's for sure. But if you aren't in Olney or Chinatown, this place'll do it.Though I've never eaten at the establishment, I regularly get delivery from here.  Everything from noodles to stews to dumplings has always been tasty, sometimes a bit spicy and always huge portions....and delivery is fast.  Prices are great for the portion sizes and I always get two meals out of one order.  I do believe there is a charge for delivery, however for me it's well worth the convenience.  Highly recommend.This menu appeared at my Fairmount workplace last week and everyone was excited about something other than pizza or bar food for a change. We ordered for lunch yesterday and I got the teriyaki chicken soba, a spring roll, and some miso soup. They delivered from the Temple area in about 30 minutes. It came with a little cup of green beans that we amazing. Everything was so awesome and the portions were so huge that it turned into dinner as well, with some still leftover. So when the people who didn't order it yesterday decided to do so today, I shelled out $2 bucks for another cup of miso and got another satisfying meal out of it. Everyone is now hooked, and the menu is huge. I have a feeling the drivers at Koja are going to get tired of us in no time!I got the classic beef bulgogi and it was awesome.  This place is perfect if you are a student or just looking to get a quick bite.  Has all the standard Korean fare and even a spin on a Philly cheese steak with bulgogi.  Love it!After passing by this place all of last semester, finally made my way in when my friend came up with a "14 Free Dumplings" coupon. Free is always tasty in my books!
Thee dumplings, tiny as they were , were delicious! My friend ordered the teriyaki beef, looked pretty good, tasted the vegetables, not bad at all! The service was pretty quick and I was surprised to find it was table service? We Temple kids about to be spoiled, lol. 
They have alot of option as you can create your own entree between noodles and rice! Check it out, you won't be disappointed!The Line, bibimbap, spicy tofu stew, wings = must get! I just wish the price was cheaper, but for the portion, it's not too bad.Cheesesteak gets an A+. The best in Philly. The flavor is unique and delicious. 
The noodles are average and the wings have gotten worse since last time (2014) I was there. Also the service is always decent but never spectacular. 
It is indeed a hidden gem within Philadelphia.I will not support a discriminatory business. Told a healthy, hardworking , beautiful , 50 yr old woman , who has been in the service industry over 30 years that she is "too old" to work for them. Asked her to full out an application, the owner actually met with her and spoke with her over an hour! Told her to give her a call to follow up and when she did she flat out says "you are to old to work here ". This woman has been on management levels and has a fantastic customer service/management resume . 
Under Federal law, employers generally cannot discriminate against employees on the basis of age in areas including hiring !!!! But you will take a 50 year olds money ... Just not let them work for any . You should be ashamedI used KOJA twice to cater large events (more than150 people). The food was excellent and they were very good to work with. They made the catering very easy.I absolutely LOVE this place. The kimchee here is perfect, just the right amount of pickling and spice. I love have the bulgogi here, it's perfectly marinated and the meat is so juicy. I've never has anything here that I didn't like. It's the perfect place to stop by for lunch or dinner. The portions are pretty big and the food is really filling. Some of the best korean food i have had in the city.When some people go to Philadelphia, they think of Philly cheesesteaks.  When they think of cheesesteaks, they usually think of either Pat's or Geno's.  Those of you who talk to me about food probably already know that when I think of Pat's or Geno's, I think of paying ten dollars for the privilege of standing in a line, waiting for half an hour, and getting substandard tourist-trap tier food. After the experience, most people now need to brainwash themselves into thinking that they've made some sort of good financial and or culinary decision, lest their common sense takes over and they realize that they've been suckered by an establishment that prides themselves in serving fake cheese from an aerosol can on top of meat so dry and haphazardly made that even pre-2000's era Taco Bell would not think to use it in their food. 
Enter Koja, a Korean place that does a real cheesesteak, with real cheese, bulgogi meat, and can give it some heat if you want it to.  For the same price, or a little cheaper, you get a much better cheesesteak with some stuff on the side, with none of the soul-wrenching guilt.  
Although I've only been twice, and only ever had their bulgogi cheesesteak, I've gotta say it's probably the best cheesesteak I've had in Philly.  I've been to the famous, less-famous, and local stores, and this place beats them all.  The meat is great, and they use real cheese.  Definitely get it spicy!I think I ordered the wrong things when I got delivery here, because I was really excited about the menu, but was left disappointed with 2/3 things I got.
Got the korean wings, the chicken teriyaki wrap, and the beef bulgogi.
The wings were oversauced, and the hot sauce had this strange chunky, sweetness to it that I was not a fan of.  The meat itself was actually good quality, very juicy and each wing had a good amount of meat on it. But the oversaucing drowned the wings and ended up leaving the wings very soggy and unappetizing. 
The chicken teriyaki wrap was really good. Came with mushrooms, carrots, rice, onions, peppers, and really well seasoned meat. Lettuce inside the wrap was a little strange because it got soggy after a while, but next time I order I'll ask for this to be taken out. The fried dumplings on the side were really tasty as well! Nothing spectacular, but good.
The beef bulgogi was definitely tasty, but I was expecting more vegetables! It came with just peppers and onions, and in other Korean restaurants I've been to, the bulgogi comes with pickled vegetables, carrots, mushrooms, spinach. I was hoping for a veggie filled bowl and was left largely unsatisfied. Although, everything tasted really good, it just wasn't what I expected.
I think I'll try this again and maybe stick to the wraps and try the bim-bim-bop next time. Also hoping to try the Korean cheesesteak as I hear it's pretty tasty!!Although I've only been twice, and only ever had their bulgogi cheesesteak, I've gotta say it's probably the best cheesesteak I've had in Philly.  I've been to the famous, less-famous, and local stores, and this place beats them all.  The meat is great, and they use real cheese.  Definitely get it spicy!I don't know what they put in their hot paste but I would buy that stuff by the gallon. (No seriously Koja, please consider branding your sauce!) This place does a great job of offering a wide array of traditional (e.g. yookgaejang) and nouveau (e.g. wings, cheesesteaks). Solid spot, hearty food, punchy flavors.Haven't ordered for more than a year. I use to like the wings. Over a year ago I got them and they were kind of cold inside.  Very terrible.  Haven't ordered for more than a year.  Last night ordered, got really sick. Fever, chills, and vomited twice.
Have been not myself all day. Stomach still not quite settled.
Spoke with the owner.  Happy that occurrence was taken seriously.  The one star is for the owner. A stand up person, however. Proceed with caution. This was my last time.I'm going on my third year at Temple but have only just tried Koja. I had just watched a Korean film and simply had no other choice but to check out KJ. I was pretty hungry but none of the platters really caught my eye. Instead I got two spring rolls and an order of Topokki. I have very little frame of reference for Korean food. The topokki was great! Rice cakes in spicy sauce. It was filling and the sauce packed a ton of flavor. The rice cakes had a really cool, chewy texture. The spring rolls were dinky and nothing to write home about. The prices of the platters kind of turn me off and since I have very low standards, I'd probably just opt for one of the 10 or so Chinese places around campus for something at least as big but two or three dollars less. However, I will be back for the Topokki! Which, it should be noted, comes with a hard boiled egg. I've learned that this is traditional, but I find them repulsive so I'll ask them to hold it next time. Again, HOWEVER, if hard boiled eggs are your thing, then by all means! Because they seemed to be freshly boiled and not that weird green shit that comes in a bucket.
Topokki - 4
Spring rolls - 2KOJA,  where were you when I was a student at Temple?!?
This has become my go-to spot whenever I return to visit my alma mater (or am anywhere in the area!). This place was truly an oasis in the late night food-desert. 
I discovered it after I got into town late, and had a speech to give in the morning. Wasn't really in the mood for a sit-down meal. Just wanted something to take back to my hotel and enjoy before bedtime.  After riding around campus, I decided to check this place out. I was overwhelmed with option after delicious option, but after much goading from my growling stomach,  I decided on the Topokki Bulgogi  with grilled veggies and these thick, tube-like noodles (Mmmmmm... soooo tasty!). My boyfriend hopped on the bulgogi train as well and ordered a bulgogi cheesesteak. 
Stop. You missed it.
Bulgogi.
Cheesesteak.
This is a THING!
And what a delicious thing it is! And now they have a spicy-version if you want a little more stank on your steak.
I got the scare of my life not too long ago when I went up there and didn't see the restaurant anymore. I thought they had closed down and had to deliver the bad news to my boyfriend. (No lie, he damn near shed a tear!). On my next visit, as I rode past the very much open establishment, I realized that I needed to go up one more block and I would've seen it. D'Oh!
The food is awesome. The service is quick and I don't give a damn what anyone else in Philly says, THESE are the best cheesesteaks in the city. PERIOD!
Seriously, if you haven't tried Koja Grille yet, you need to get it together.I Love this place! I always get the House Salad with peanut sauce, snack noodles. Simple but soooo good. Clean inviting environment, fresh food, great staff.KoJa is SEERIOUSLY some of the best eatin' in Philly. Try the Tangsoo Chicken...I seriously, to treat myself, only go here, or New Delhi, lol.Koja Grille once had delicious foods, bulgogi or bulgogi cheesesteak a favorite and crowd pleaser, but I do not know what is happening with the service lately. I love the food but I will have to find somewhere else to have have a better service experience.
-I order online and I get to the restaurant and get something different or a different price. 
-Or if they run out of an item, instead of giving you something comparable or offering something else with an explanation, they give half the order and explain after you've waited that it is not a special. 
As you can tell, for me to complain the service must have been horrible.Delivers to the Temple-Shriners Hospital!  2 orders were both perfect.   Smart delivery packaging of dumplings and fried shrimp with holes to allow stream to escape resulted in crispy hot finger food!  Pork bulgolgi and spicy beef bulgolgi were consistently excellent.   On 2nd order we requested extra spicy and that additional heat was just what we wanted.   Piping hot and spicy hot!  In the week we ordered dinner delivery every night to Shriners hospital, this was our favorite. Highly recommend!Before I graduate, I will make a list of acceptable places to eat on Temple's campus. Koja will be on that list.
For the money, the quality is good, the food is interesting, and the portions are a decent size. The service is also pleasant, but sometimes it can take a bit to get your order.
I have had a few different items here, but my favorite is their veggie salad for $4.99. I didn't find the extra $3 to add chicken katsu to be worth it, so I typically get the veggie. It's a big salad, always fresh and accompanied by delicious dressing. The dressing is the best part. I'm also a fan of their dumplings.
When I eat on campus, Koja is one of my favorite places to go.Pretty hard to find some quick and good korean food unless you go northeast .  This is a great place to hit for some bibimbap and great wings.  Cheesesteak spin off is really good too but i'm not much of a cheesesteak guy in general.I walked in on a slow Sunday afternoon and was not greeted for at least 5 minutes. The bathroom is disgusting. I usually judge the quality of a restaurant by the cleanliness of the bathroom because this is a direct reflection to how much the restaurant cares about the customer experience. Horrible customer service combined with disgustingly dirty bathrooms on top of slow service and mediocre food gives this place one star. Not a lot of good food options in this area so I guess that's how they get away with it.My office has a busy season, and during that season our employers are quite generous and buy our meals. This is great, but ordering from the same three restaurants for two weeks can become repetitive, so it was quite exciting when we realized that Koja Grill would deliver our way. 
Just the fact that it wasn't pizza or hoagies made the food very appreciated. Each time I've ordered from there, the woman who takes my order is nice, easily understandable and efficient. And the guy who delivers the food is equally friendly and personable. With an order over $100 you get free fried dumplings and shrimp, both of which they manage to keep crispy by poking air holes in the styrofoam containers (a trick I've never seen before but seems to work).
My main issue, from three different delivery experiences, has to do with the lack of beef they include in dishes that should be featuring it more prominently. For example, my beef bulgogi wrap was almost entirely rice and mushrooms; the stray piece of beef so small as to leave no overall impact on my taste buds.One of the few hidden gems that delivers to Temple university hospital! A few of us ordered delivery on Christmas Eve and our large order was delivered error free within the hour. Portions were large and well priced. The chicken bibimbap was served with an assortment of vegetables and the choice of scrambled or a sunny side up egg AND a side salad and miso soup. The bulgogi cheese steaks were great too and came with 3 vegetable dumplings and a free coke. 
I don't understand why this restaurant has a low rating because it was a hit amongst us. Will definitely order from here again!Love this place and Im so happy that its around my school! Def a go if you want something different from the everyday Chinese food. The Koja wings are the best Ive had besides the wings from Q BBQ and Tequila.I'm giving this place 5 stars for the spicy Korean beef soup  (yook gae jang). This stuff is amazing and so perfect on a cold winter day! I can't recommend this soup enough and get it spicy....yum. The spicy pork  is also good and for take out you can't beat this place.Pretty...pretty...pretty good. The wings are downright addictive, and I ordered the bibimbap which unfortunately arrived a little cold, but otherwise it tasted good. I hear good things about the cheesesteak which I will have to try sometime. Service was quick and friendly.
Additionally, some of these reviews are hilarious and from people who clearly don't know Korean food. I grew up there, and FYI - traditional bulgogi is NOT supposed to be spicy (so stop complaining) and the fried dumplings are not small, that's just the size that they are always made, lol.Wow this place is NOT it. I should've known the experience was gonna be bad when the brought my take out order, which the waitress clearly marked to go, to me out on a plate. I'm someone who adores Korean food and was excited to try Koja out, but I should've just stuck to my regular Korean spots. The food was overpriced, completely non authentic (non grilled bulgogi with broccoli and carrots????), and subpar. The wings were soggy and although I ordered them mild, they were made spicy. The food here is equivalent to overpriced icky Chinese. I haven't been this disappointed with food in Philly for a very long time. To make matters worse, the staff was incredibly rude and snippy with me. With all of the amazing Korean places in Philly, I'm surprised they stay in business here.I am NOT a temple student.  I got a take out menu from here in my building and stared at it for weeks before taking the plunge.
Last night I justs DID NOT want to cook, so I ordered food for myself, 5 year old DD and DH (who decided not to eat any).
The order took 45 minutes to arrive and was wrong when it got here, plus I was charged for 2 $4.99 orders of items I never ordered.  "Ron " on the phone has said he will be refunding my credit card, so I am on the lookout for that refund.
Meanwhile the food we did order was good.  Fried dumplings ($4.99 for tem) were crisp and tasty.  $1.00 each for spring rolls (also fried - it was a fried food fiesta) were good too.  Tempura shrimp was stuffed with a SPICY sauce.  Won;t be ordering that again.
The main dish - Bul gogi was very good, but a bit scant on the meat (but wha'dya want for $7.99).
In my opinion Goji is much better food, but for take-out this Korean/Japanese hybrid is a great alternative to Chines or Pizza.
We will order again - next time from "The Line".  Or maybe a Bibim Bap.  I loves me a good bap!
If you are a student and live on take-out - we suggest you give Koja a try.  Just read your receipt!!!!The spicy beef bulgogi cheesesteak is simply amazing!!  The service problems seem to be fixed as the last few times I have ordered everything was brought quickly and correctly.  One of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had!!  Huge plus that they deliver to fairmount as well!I love Koja Grille! I dined in instead of my usual take out and the service is extremely friendly. Great counter person who brings out your food and anything else you need. I always get the fries vegetable dumplings and a spring roll! Delicious. I love their dumplings the best. 5 stars for sure. No complaints. Cheap and delicious.Well, this is a review of when I was a regular Koja customer in 2008-2010.
I was a student at Temple about 8 years ago, and my friend used to work here back in the days. When I was here, I always got the Korean chzsteak or the teriyaki noodles. Korean chzsteak was good as well as the noodles. The meat was tender and the cheese really melted in my mouth. Having said that, nothing really stands out. I am not sure how this place is these days though.Koja is comparable to the subways for hoagies, the boston markets for chicken, or quedoba's for mexican food. Ko(ream)Ja(panese) is a Korean and Japanese mixed fast food joint. That is similar to picking your own dish. You choose your meat or seafood, the type of rice/ noodles, then the sauce of it. 
It is everything Asian but nothing Korean or Japanese on its own. It's like a combine your own plate Asian food that's not the healthiest. 
I'd say its a little pricey because of its location where Temple U students are.
Worth a try if you are hungry for some quick, decent sized Asian food. Don't think what you're eating is the legit Korean or Japanese food though.
I also think Korean Evangelists run this place.Delicious! get the line for $7.99 you eat like a king! its a great placeEvery time I'm in Philly I make a point to get to Koja Grille.  The food is amazing.  The bulgogi cheesesteak is to die for and something I guarantee you won't find anywhere else.  Perfect mix of Korean with Philadelphia flair.  Do yourself a favor and make it out here!!!!Love love love this place food is amazing and the service is always awesome ! My boyfriend and I go often and I always get the Tangsoo Chicken with shrimp and chicken and get made spicy. Also the Shrimp Sumai appetizer is also yummy.You know I have been eating for years and have always liked the food. But the new higher prices on the food, higher prices on the delivery charge and the raised minimum delivery amount (from $15 to $20) have made me no longer order from here. It's a shame that have priced themselves out of getting delivery food.I've eaten here at least 50 times. The food is always delicious. Cheesesteak is delicious, and so is hot n spicy chicken. Only flaw is the service is bad sometimes, but I'll give it 5 still for being reliably good