Sunday morning in Philly equals finding a good place for brunch, so we recently went to Kraftwork with friends. 
The staff were very friendly and quick with water and menus.
My girlfriend had an egg omelot with a side of sausage and I had the egg breakfast with side of hash and house made scrapple as well as a homemade biscuit.
The scrambled eggs were quite good. The house made scrapple was something very different and tasty. Although, I still couldn't get my girlfriend to try it, it was quite better the usual scrapple on offer in diners. The side of hash was good, but deep fried. I may be old fashioned, but I prefer the potatoes fried on a griddle with onions. Finally, the biscuit was light, fluffy, and very delicious with the jam the restaurant had.
My girlfriend seemed to enjoy her meal. Although at first the side of sausage was undercooked and had to be returned. 
In the end, it was an interesting experience and I would like to go again in order to try their breakfast burrito.I wanted so bad to love this place. The idea of it seemed so great. But Kraftwork is the definition of hipster, seems really cool at first, then you realize it's trying soooo hard to try not to try so hard. The decor seems so cool, but then it becomes stark and uncomfortable, like sitting in the middle of an unfinished cafeteria. The menu is so unique, but the food is just not very good. Thought this would be a cool neighborhood spot...but cool neighborhood spots just are, without trying so hard to be.Love this place!! The menu is so plentiful and awesome, just what I needed after a night out. We went for lunch and I got the burger (added caramelized onions, provalone, and bacon) it was delish! A very hearty burger, it was more like a giant meatball and a little messy to eat, ok a lot messy to eat, but well worth it.  The fries were overcooked but I was so full after the burger I was thankful to not eat all of them. My fiance got the breakfast Cubano which was also very tasty! The pork belly was nicely cooked, topped with egg, I really liked it, I always welcome unique menu items.
We also had plentiful bloody Mary's and their custom mix was a little different tasting but I welcome that in a bloody, rather than the same old. 
Overall definitely a place to check out; nice cozy interior, friendly people, worth a stop.Kraftwork comes from the same folks as Sidecar in G-Ho, which means excellent brunch, above-average gastropub fare, and one of the best curated tap lists in the city.
Adam, the friendly owner, will best help you select a brew of your liking, but the rest of the staff are knowledgeable as well. I dig Kraftwork's more open, industrial, communal aesthetic with long tables, a big center bar, and metal accents everywhere. Brunch is on point (and with a sub five minute wait during peak Saturday hours); the fluffy, buttery biscuits and not-excessively-rich gravy hits the spot with a perfect portion and deft seasoning. The tofu scramble misses the mark with watery cubes of tofu but redeems itself with very tasty veggies and crispy potatoes.
Dinner doesn't fare quite as well. My Kraftwork burger was cooked past my desired medium rare, though still had a decent amount of juice and a tasty, dry-aged beef funk. Long hots, though scantly portioned, are a delicious sweet and spicy topping. Fries are crispy, garlicky, and addictive with a dijon dipping sauce. The falafel's house made wrap and condiments taste great, but the dry, mealy fritters kill an otherwise enjoyable sandwich.
For now, I think of Kraftwork as a brunch destination rather than a dinner option, but regardless its blend of great service, atmosphere, and kick-ass beers have won me over.I came here on Thursday 19th May 2016. It was a nice day and my friend was over visiting from Russia. After a walk around the neighborhood.  
We settled on Kraftwork because we were close and they had tables outside, LLoyds didn't. 
I  had a burger with fried egg on top and my friend had the beer can chicken sandwich. Everything came out in a timely manner. My friend said his  beer can chick sandwich was good as was the salad. I had the blandest burger on earth, Fries were super seasoned and warm. 
We were finished( well my friend was i didn't eat mine) when the server came over at which point we had to be moving on so I never got the opportunity to get something else. 
So I did tell Jenna the server and she apologized Etc we did get half off one dinner because of an included coupon to all guests,although I was not there to save a few bucks. 
Still I thought the duty manager could have came over to see what was going on and how to prevent it happening in the future Etc 
I am a local and have eaten drank here several times before, mostly average to good quality. 
There is plenty to choose from in Fishtown and if if you can't get a burger right then people will go elsewhere (sketch make a great burger, up street from Kraftwork)
I can't say I'll be rushing back,especially when I have friends in from out of town, there's just too much good stuff to choose from without having to settle for an average unseasoned burger. 
I should have took a pic of the the freshly delivered burger egg and fries, it did look pretty good ....Went here last night for a few beers with a friend. 
First off, the staff is extremely friendly. They knew a lot about the beers and answered a few questions I had on some. The bartender (Mike?) was quick to offer me a sample of a couple of beers I was interested in trying. 
Their tap list is amazing and constantly changing. Prices for the area are pretty damn good. 
I'll be back for sure.Wow!  Can't belive I had such a bad experience here. My expensive 16oz craft beer was  maybe 12 ounces of liquid with a massive head that was mostly deflated by the time the beer was served. My Bahn mi sandwich came with a big piece of fat in it. By that I mean it was a piece of fat in a long roll. Disgusting. The waitress gave me the "I am more important than you" answer when I asked her about it. My girl's fries were soggy and overcooked but her overpriced hamburger was fine. This is not the first time I have eaten here, but after a year we thought we would give it another try.  What a mistake!  Trust me when I say I we will never go back!  Go to any other place that's just within walking distance and you will be happier.I fall more in love with this place every time I stop in!
Whether it is a quiet weekday lunch, dinner with friends or a late night stop-in with my boyfriend, the food/drinks/service are always on par.
My boyfriend and I tend to get the beer sampler every time we go since they are constantly rotating beers here. I have had their other drinks too and they are delicious as well.
The food here hits all of the marks and the menu really caters to every palate. I've enjoyed the portabella melt as well as the pork tacos. The salads are creative and different which is a nice change from most bar offerings. The deviled eggs and the pretzels are out of this world.
What really sets this place up for success is the service. Everyone is friendly and accommodating and works hard to make sure you are satisfied. Recently I stopped in on a Saturday and sat at the bar, and the bartender (Jon) was super sweet and friendly. He made great beer recommendations and was there to help us when needed him. 
This is my new go-to spot in Fishtown area, and I am pretty sure it will stay that way for awhile :)Good gastropub. Went here for brunch got biscuits and gravy with eggs. All tasted top notch. I also had a hot toddy. They garnished it with cloves stuck into a lemon wedge, really original. I've gotta try that myself. I went on a Saturday around 1pm and it was packed but there was no wait to get a table regardless. Good spot, cool atmosphere. Definitely worth hitting up next time you're in fishtown.Awesome food and beer! Great place for brunch as well! Love this place and would go back again and again!Awsome food staff are all well knowledgeable sometimes it's very loud wish the food menu would change up a bit or make it bigger. the beet salad is my favoriteDecided to swing by here to kill some time before a comedy show at Punchline. We just wanted some bar food before heading out, so we came in to see what they were all about. Walked in and it was what you'd expect from a slightly hipster bar in the slightly hipster area of Fishtown. Dark, but clean and roomy, we were greeted and sat at the bar. The bartender was cool and quick and took our orders right away. I went with the burger, and we got the foie gras cheesesteak springrolls to share and I totally forgot what the misses settled on (sorry!). For the things I DID eat however, everything was tasty. The burger was cooked perfectly, and the fries were cooked the same way. The springrolls were good too, but they were just cheesesteak springrolls. They tried to fancy them up with "foie gras sauce" (meh) and a "cherry pepper relish" (again, meh), but they honestly just wouldve been better with ketchup. Still, tasty. The bartender was great; present without being obtrusive. The ambience is cool and the clientele was chill. The bathrooms were also clean, which is always a plus, because you never know what you're gonna get in that department. 
I'm not often in Fishtown, but I ever am, I'd surely stop by and give them another go.Oh, how the mighty fall. There is really no reason why pretzel bites should be tough enough to strain my TMJ when the kitchen just opened 1 hour ago. Also, it shouldn't take 20min to get a beer and 25 more to get the check when there is 1 other occupied table on a Saturday afternoon. Y'all almost had me miss my flight - officially no longer on the short list of places to stop by on every Philly visit. Womp.5 stars isn't enough for this place. I can't count how many times of been here in the past year or so, but this place is by far my favorite spot to come to. Whether I'm there for some great beer or amazing good, Kraftwork has never let me down. I've tried almost everything on their menu and everything is spot on. 
The one thing I find myself eating almost everytime is their Beer Can Chicken Sandwich...absolutely amazing! I always put hot sauce in it and it's absolutely perfect. My mouth is watering just from writing this review. Their burgers are also great. I think it goes toe-to-toe with Village Whiskey (yeah I said it). 
Service is always superb and eventhough the crowd is generally hipster's...everyone just seems to get along there. I honestly can't say enough about this place! Cheers to Kraftwork!
P.S. The only thing this place needs on their menu (I'm kind of glad they don't, because I would probably eat there every night) is WINGS! I think that would put you guys way over the top! 
Keep up the great work guys!This place is normally pretty good but I was a little sad when I ordered their special crab & shrimp mac and cheese. It was all noodles and no crab and 2 pieces of shrimp :-(I had brunch here today and it was a pleasure. As a visitor from NY I was so impressed with the friendly service and willingness to accommodate. We sat outside which was lovely on an early October day and the food was on point. I ordered a cheese and bacon omelet and couldn't decide between home fries or salad and was offered a little of each. Nice touch and a great Bloody Mary. Great start to the day,BURGER REVIEW: From deepest dives to the finest napkin on your lap place, all this is is a burger review.  While a fun atmosphere can add to it, I usually won't knock points off for other things, and some places can have terrible other food and amazing burgers.  End disclaimer.
Kraftwork is a fun post-industrial environment place.  All their signage and bar seems to be locally designed, in a very cozy environment.  I got to visit both the bar and service area.  A large bar without being too large to make the rest of the space cramped, small stools lead to a bit of drifting of seating locations, ending in inevitable crunch zones and big gap spaces.  Still a cozy spot however.
The bar was crowded on a Saturday evening, but the dining section was lightly filled.  I can see this place getting packed though.
Onto the meat of the subject: amazing burger.  Not too hot or juicy, but very well spiced meat with delicious cheese and a solid bun that functioned to add taste.  Seemed like sourdough but I'm no expert.  
This was the best burger I've had in Philidelphia thus far.  A gourmet burger that fit the price point.  There was nothing to complain about overall and it was a wonderful experience.  I'll be sure to be back here.If you happen to be in Fishtown you should check this place out.
I'm not saying I'd make a special trip up there.  The last time I was driving down Girard I saw it and since I was moving quickly I thought it was like next door to Johnny Brenda's.  It's not.  Not that it's far, but a good 5-7 minute walk from JBs.  Maybe 10 from the el.
Nice beer selection.  The menu is a bit confusing to read.  It's this grid style approach to the beer selection and if after a long day of work where you stare at speadsheets put together by aspiring marketeers, you don't want to see one when you order beer.  Still, it's not that difficult to figure out but it's harder than it should be.
I'm up to 4 because I like to err on the side of positive.  Honestly, this place would be 3.5 in my mind only due to location.  My beet salad with arugula, walnuts and a vinaigrette was tasty and reasonably price.  The margherita pizza was think crust, crispy and had a nice sauce on it with fresh mozzarella.  They don't skimp on the details.
Anyway, I would go back.  I find a way to get up to fishtown now and again to visit people.  Nice to see another good spot in that neighborhood.  If I was local, I would probably be there a lot more.Tried the Margherita flatbread.. was not super impressed. There was a bit too much tomato sauce and the bread seemed too cooked, it was a too hard and crunchy. My friend got a burger with fries that she really enjoyed and also looked really good though. 
Service was good. This place seemed pretty casual and I thought it had an interesting concept of ideas on menu.I love the atmosphere they want to have in here, but haven't quite felt it work out. However, I have enjoyed the pierogis numerous times and haven't eaten a bad one yet. The apple chutney is friggin' awesome, even if the four piergois are a little pricey. Everything in here is just a little pricey. 
If you go at a time when they are insanely slow, you tend to be left alone, but the food gets out quick. It's up to you whether you want to be nagged by your bartender or not. 
I had a Robinson Crusoe drink once which is super ginger crazy. Delicious, but a little overwhelming for me. I'll be back, but next time to try a new beer.
Still want to try their PB&J Zeppoli. Yum.UPDATE 4/6/13 - This place has seriously stepped it up from when I first wrote a review (I hear they swapped out chefs at some point a while back).  The brunch here is incredible.  I can't say enough good things!  
-------------
This place has an amazing rotating beer selection.  I like how they give you a beer menu that shows which beer will be tapped next.  They also have growlers!  
I was very happy when this place opened up right around the corner from my house.  The only thing I'd have to complain about is the food.  It's OK but it's nothing amazing.  I feel it's a bit expensive for what it is.  I ordered the falafel sandwich for $9 and all that came out was a piece of pita bread, 3 falafel balls and some yogurt sauce.  No lettuce or tomato.  The people I have gone with all feel the same about the food.  I really feel that they could use a food makeover.Like the other reviewers, I like the amount of fresh, on tap beer this place has.  But the sheer number of taps is not enough to impress me. The food is barely "meh" and overpriced.  To be considered a "gastropub" the "gastro" part should be at least equal to the "pub" part.   I'm all about rabbit terrine when its made well, but you are in Fishtown, guys... take it down a notch or two.
While I am aware some restaurants need a little time to find their groove, I'm sure the owners and chefs of Kraftwork are also aware that when you open a place, that should be the time to really get your future regulars in and settled.  First impressions and all.
Kraftwork, I may come back for a beer, but if you want my food money, you're going to have to try a bit harder.Bigtime meh on Kraftwork. I'd heard such great things. The waitress came at us like a judge judy drill sergeant to inform me yes, brunch was over 3pm sharp, no, happy hour does not exist since they don't need the business...When I asked about an item instead of simply saying, "we have a rotating menu" again I was given a hardline explanation that I should not expect what I read online (average customer is I guess pretty dumb.) The salad was an un flavorful pile of arugula (most exciting part was fried goat cheese) and cost $12. I am not a craft beer drinker but when I asked for a COMPARABLE flavor beer was given a lecture AGAIN by the waitress on why she didn't have it and some guff for ordering a cocktail. Also, the entire crowd was local hipsters, their parents, and the hipster's loud children. Outdoors would be nice but there was someone smoking and no one wanted to sit outside. Get over yourself and take some pointers from LA on server etiquette.kinda ended up here on a whim. but i have to admit im pretty glad. It was st. patricks day so the crowds were pretty thick in fishtown. we were just looking for a bite to eat and maybe a cocktail. 
the crowd was heavy but we got a seat right away, the beer selection is insane, i mean they have alot of beers, something for everyone no doubt. i started with a flight mixed with dark beers and ipas. i settled on youngs chocolate stoudt! extremely tastey. the server was knowledgable and willing to help with beer selections for my date, which was very helpful.
they were serving brunch, so the menu was restricted, but there are enough selections to choose from. the server read the specials and i was sold on the chicken and waffles. a complete belgian waffle, with a chicken and veg in a mushroom sauce! absolutely deliscious! It really hit the spot i was glad we stumbled along this joint!Ok wow, this is my number one Gastro pub so far. Fish town, who would have thought. I don't  give 5 stars but this place earned all five. The service was great with an intimate knowledge of the beers on tap. The hamburgers were aged beef and awesome! My first 5 star restaurant so please Go.People are snobs who go there full of them selfs ,foods ehh beers ehh but there brunch is great!!! Service is 50 50So sadly, I've been back 2 more times and have to say now that although it's a great place to drink, I'd have to be really hungry to eat there again.  
I ordered the scallops special for $14 that was an entree and I was told that they are two huge scallops with asparagus and something else.  Um, they were you average two scallops.  There were maybe 4 half-sized stalks of asparagus.  I'd rather pay $20 and get 4 scallops!  And if they chinze on the scallops, you'd think you'd get a bunch of side stuff but no.  And they were out of the two vegetarian appetizers so I had no options since I was still hungry.  
The next time I went I ordered the falafel sandwich and the cabbage and apple slaw.  The falafel came on thick, good pita but the tahini was rather tasteless and the falafel was mushy.  The pickled veggies on the side left a lot to be desired--I'm not sure pickled anything is a good side dish.
The cabbage and apple slaw was also tasteless.  I think I had one forkful and I sent the rest back.  
I tried some fries and they are called herbed something or other.  As my friend remarked, they're all stubby fries.  It looks like they went through the short side of the potato peeler so you can't really get a good grip on any of them.  And some were undercooked.  Some were fine.  My other friend ordered a basket of them which was a steep $6...and she remarked it would be nice to pay $4 for half of them...since she got a 1/4 of the way through and they were all cold and clearly just too many fries even for a table of 4.  
So I better stick with the veggie board since I don't eat meat.So this is my story. I was laying in bed reminiscing about Kraftwork's fantastic french onion spare rib sandwich that I practically drooled all over my pillow covers. I thought "Hey, I should go back to Fishtown and get it". I was craving it that much. Went to see how much airline fare was and tickets to Philadelphia was about $250 round trip. Done. Booked. I'm on the next flight out and I am going to make a vacation out of it.
Took the train and subway to Fishtown after getting off the plane and went straight to Kraftwork. I have been craving this sandwich for months and I went to the extreme just to come back here again to get it. It is THAT good. Not to mention their featured specials like the watermelon salad. It is EXCELLENT. I went to Barcade after having dinner at Kraftwork. Got a couple of drinks in me and demanded that my friend and I walk back to Kraftwork for their salad. Worth it. Their falafel wrap is really great too. I love the combination of pickled veggies with everything else stuffed in this gigantic wrap.
You bearded men in Fishtown really know how to make a Southern gal come back for more! ;)Kratwork is a great spot if you want the chance to try different craft beers from various breweries/microbreweries from around the country. The beer line up rotates on a weekly basis, so you're not always stuck with the same options. They even go as far as telling you what's going to be poured the following week on the menu. I particularly like their half price pints for happy hour (which leads to most beers being ~$3 a piece) because sometimes, you'll end up with a sweet deal on an ultra premium brew. Though the beer selection is often overwhelming (because everything sounds so good), so just going for the beer flight is highly recommended. 
As far as the food goes, it's pretty decent, but with a few things left to be desired. If you want an amazing burger, this is definitely a great spot for one and you definitely get your money's worth. The beef patty seems to be very fresh, and a brioche bun is a nice touch. The fries are also on point. The pretzel bites appetizer is pretty good, but the cheese is a little on the bland side and for what you pay, the portion is TINY. The pierogies are also enjoyable, but to NOT serve them with caramelized onions is a crime. You can also opt for meat/cheese, and hummus platters if you're just looking for a light snack to share while you're drinking beer, they do have a good selection for a reasonable price.I have been here three times.  Beer selection is fun and nearly always includes cider and sour beers which I enjoy, but truly has every varietal of beer in which one would be interested.  
The food is good here.  I've had their cheese, charcuterie, deviled eggs, and mussels, but I am writing this post today because of their chicken sandwich.
They have a chicken breast sandwich that is, despite being white meat, succulent, soaking in juices and then smothered with cheese and cooked hot peppers. Everything, from the bun to the chicken to the toppings was EXCELLENT, and I think this is the BEST sandwich I have had in a long time.  Both my husband and I whispered expletives after taking our first bites, in awe of this sandwich.  
While the scene is hipster refurnished pieces and the service is always fast and friendly, in truth I would not care if this was a dirty hole in the wall with rude staffers--I would come here again and again and again for that sandwich alone.Needed a good meal the day after one of the best shows ever-Roger Waters...1st time here n I had a superb Eggs Benedict...very attentive staff always keeping the water cup full and the server was very friendly and good...Bloody Mary was so so with just a mini hot pepper, pickle slices and a few olives...would of been nice if they had bacon and/or shrimp as well..also had an Irish coffee though without whip cream but it was strong and woke me up...will have to go back for the good beer selection n maybe dinner...solid place all around...nice layout04/13/12
Went to Kraftwork last night.  I really like the space.  I'm a big girl, I require alot of yaw, so it was nice that you don't have to push past people.
It wasn't very crowded, but filled up before we left.
Honestly, not overwhelmed.  It was nice, it was good.  It seemed to take a long time for the kitchen to get out two sandwhiches and a salad, but the server was nice, and explained alot of things.  I think the problem with me was I'm not a beer head, so that part really didn't interest me.  My salad was good, with beets and goat cheese, and pumpkin seeds.  The rib sandwhich was good, and the burger looked fine.  The fries were good, not as garlicky as I thought they might be.  It took another twenty minutes or so to get the desserts to the table, which were fine.  Chocolate banana bread pudding, (rather dry) and an apple empanada which was okay.  I'd certainly go back again, but probably just to grab a burger and no booze.
Four glasses of wine, and three beers.  $114.00 + tip for three people.  With tip that comes to about $45 a person.
I think I'm just really spoiled by BYOB's at this point.  I liked the place, the menu isn't stunning, but its good and sturdy.  But I kinda didn't expect to go over $100 for two sammies and a salad, and two desserts. I keep forgetting how much we drink.I stopped into Kraftwork last night to grab beer and a bite with a friend of mine.  The beer menu blew my socks off! They have an extremely wide variety of beers.  I was most impressed with the Racer 5, which they had on cask.  I also noticed that they had a beer sampler for $8...you get 4 6-8 oz glasses of any beer on tap. 
Moving on to the food menu.  As a full-time vegetarian and part-time vegan I have come to expect a few things from most of the gastropubs / restaurants in and around the northern liberties area.  I was a little surprised by the menu in 2 ways.  Firstly, the items on the menu seemed to be a little overpriced.  Secondly, they had no vegan entrees on the menu and unless you wanted an appetizer the only vegetarian selection was the falafel sandwich. 
I ordered a falafel sandwich, which was $10.  The bartender informed me that the only sandwich that comes with fries is the burger and that the kitchen doesn't allow substitutions.  For a falafel sandwich and fries the total was $16, almost twice what I would have paid elsewhere.  
The sandwich itself was a decent size with three falafel cakes spread out with an ample amount of cucumber tzatziki sauce (could have used some tomato and lettuce).  The sandwich also came with a side of kosher pickled carrot, cucumber and cauliflower...which was pretty tasty. 
The french fries were a tad dainty, but the portion was a nice size and the mustard aioli was terrific. 
All in all....Kraftwork is an awesome watering hole because it has a fantastic beer selection (which would please any beer snob) and neat contemporary decor.  (Plus the staff is extremely friendly and hard working!)  I haven't decided, however, if I will be returning.  With the extremely limited vegan/vegetarian options and the high food prices... I feel as though I could make out much better at other local stops....like my personal favorite Memphis Taproom.  
Ohhh. and although I can not eat it. The hamburger looked incredible. Definitely a homemade roll!This is one of those places that I have been meaning to get to for a while but just haven't. It always seems like the places that are closest to your house are the hardest to get to. One Sunday I finally decided that I had enough and that I just had to go. It was a good decision. Rolled in and I have to say I thought that Kraftwork would be bigger but that is not a criticism so much as an observation. Started off with the perogies which I love good perogies and these did not disappoint. The perogies were your run of the mill potato ones but they were cooked to perfection especially with the pan crust. The sour cream apple mixture was great and they were huge, will go back just for these. Got the burger and the short rib sandwich, both were really good, the short rib sandwich was huge. I can't wait to get back and branch out a bit more and explore Kraftwork's menu. Definitely a great place in Fishtown that you should visit.The food is fine, but the staff are a nightmare. Brunch is a very stressful experience here! The past couple visits here have been unpleasant, but the most recent visit last month was enough to guarantee I will not go back. 
The last time I went, I was convinced the hostess was either high or hadn't slept after a night out, because she legit seemed cracked out. She was frantic and couldn't find us a table, until I pointed out a vacant table she had missed. The waitress ignored us the entire time and we had to wait twenty minutes just to get more coffee. I don't understand why this place is so popular- I think it's completely overrated. I don't know how they can get away with having such poor service.Always revolving selection of beers. Bartenders who are knowledgeable and attentive. Ever-changing food specials. This is a place that I love to go to wind down after working, or after a night of bar hopping throughout Fishtown. It's a place where the hipsters clash with the foodies and beer snobs, in a good way.
Went there with a friend who fell in love with the beer can chicken. I enjoyed the Korean bbq tacos. And I'm waiting to try the morcilla on the charcuterie plate. I also had a butternut squash soup that I thoroughly enjoyed.
The beer menu is one of the best mixes in the city. IPA's- Check. Local Favorites- uh huh. Belgians- Sure. Cheapass PBR- Yep. Also the beer menu shows the next keg up to bat, so if you see one of your favorites coming up you know you can go there in a couple of days to get a taste. Bartenders let you have a taste, and will steer you in the right direction if you have questions.
Nothing else I can say 5 stars.My go-to! Any day, any time.... I've probably eaten everything on the menu, but these are my favs
-pierogies
-cheddar pretzel bites
-korean tacos (holy bursting with flavor!)
-mediterr. board 
-vietnamese iced coffee (for brunch)
You should go here with a friend, and split everything because you will not be disappointed.. oh and did I mention their beer list is always awesomeThe pretzel balls are freshly made, yum!  The sausage roll is not bad as well.  Their special cocktails are actually "special". I had pear off in threes.  It's rich layered flavors.  
The service is not bad. It's timely and got everything correct. Price is reasonable too.I would say this place is in my top 2 restaurants of all time. I've been coming here since I've moved to fishtown 3 years ago and haven't been disappointed yet. Everything I have gotten has been spectacular and everyone I have brought here loved it and always ask to come back. I would say their brunch is my favorite with their beermosas and granola with yogurt but everything on the menu is amazing. You can't go wrong with anything on their menu,l and who doesn't love a huge beer menu! The best part about the way they do is things is that you can get the best of both worlds when ordering - side salad and fries  with your main meal. I mean, how accommodating is that?!This end of Girard is a real f##king schlep for me, but after last night's dinner I may have to come up with more excuses to head out here.
Great beer menu, in terms of breadth, quality and price, as every single other reviewer here has surely noted. And I was expecting that when I showed up. But the food? That was a nice surprise. And very generous portions... especially if you order based on typical 'gastropub' serving sizes, and especially if you were fool enough to go there for dinner after a relatively late lunch.
I got the Korean BBQ tacos, expecting a trio of tiny tortillas lightly sprinkled with meat and veggies. Instead, I got two hu-normous bundles overflowing with spicy-sweet porky deliciousness. Mmm. That, plus the mound of pretzel bites (surprisingly addictive), left little room for the Mediterranean platter my gf and I planned to share as the 'main event'. That's ok, because it packed up well and was the least interesting part of the overall meal - still tasty, but not as good as the other courses, which literally overrode the fullness commands being frantically issued by the primitive reptile segment of my brain and compelled me to keep cramming food in my gullet well after my appetite had been pacified.
Guess I can expect to be taking quite a few more long, icy walks before winter is through...Food was good, drinks were good, I don't think the place was out of this world, just ok!!Tried this restaurant for brunch yesterday. It has a very chill atmosphere, with good music playing and a creative interior decor. The food was great and well-priced. In addition, they have a decent list of beers and drinks. I would definitely suggest a visit to Kraftwork!Great burgers. Great fries. Great brunch. GREAT beer list. Definitely one of best spots in Fishtown for happy hour/ late night happy hour. Can't get pretty swamped so dont show up in the middle of dinner/brunch service or you'll be waiting for a very, very long time. Staff is friendly, food is consistent and I highly suggest their iced coffee with condensed milk , it's unreal.Great little place in Fishtown... Constantly changing craft beers and interesting menu. We had the cheesesteak spring rolls with foie gras sauce (soooo good)... Our food didn't come out quite right the first time but they quickly got us a new plate and they also treated us to a round of drinks when it came time to pay... Which was not necessary but a very nice gesture. Can't wait to come back here and try more of their food/beer selection.Crispy perogies. I was a woman on a mission, so we wandered into Fishtown's Kraftwork for pre-dinner eats (hat tip to Tolkien's hobbits and their six meals a day).
We got started with beers and hot spiced apple cider with bourbon. A pretty impressive list of brews! Glad to see an SF favorite on the list (Racer 5). We split the crispy perogies (mission accomplished, filled with mashed potatoes, choucroute, mushrooms and a side of chive creme fraiche and apple chutney) and truffled deviled eggs (with a delicious presentation of tender and pickled roasted beet salad and latticed crispy waffle chips). Goodness. Perogies and deviled eggs were amazing.
The atmosphere? Clean, rustic yet warm interiors. Quiet on a weekday late afternoon with only the subtle chatter of other happy hour goers. The service was friendly and quick, and our server knew his beers well. We did feel pressured to order dinner and hurried along when we decided to forgo entrees (it wasn't peak dinner hours).
Overall, great food and drinks, cozy and clean. Can't wait to come back and try other options on the menu.Although I have already reviewed Kraftwork I feel compelled to review it again upon reading Augie B and Jen L's reviews because I was sitting at the table next to them the night they dined at Kraftwork.  I can remember this night so clearly because of the humorous situation Augie created when he sent his crostini back to the kitchen multiple times.  Now I'm not one to judge (yes I am), but when someone has ordered not one but TWO meat and cheese platters then complains about four pieces of toasted bread that person is cra-zay.  I enjoyed the scene Augie created when he complained about his meal despite eating it (no, I didn't measure how much he ate but it was most of it). I find it ridiculous that you could actually argue about toasted bread and then eat, eat, and eat.  I also find it humorous that you use the royal "we" in your review, as if you are speaking for everyone.  While you cite an "unfortunate trend in Philadelphia...(to) get it right then screw the pooch" I could also cite an unfortunate trend in Philadelphia for people to think that studying the "Culinary Arts" qualifies you to review restaurants and pass judgement.  I'm sorry you aren't Craig LaBan and I'm sorry that you felt the need to criticize a the waitress and the chef on date. The night you dined at Kraftwork the staff was on point, the food was excellent, and the beer was top notch.  EVERY meal I've had at Kraftwork has been great, fresh, and yummy.  The waitstaff has NEVER been condescending or rude because I've never been condescending or rude but I can honestly attest to the fact that Augie's waitress was not rude, she was more than patient.  I hope you read Augie and Jen's reviews and think, "Wow, those people think a good date is spending time at a bar while my date berates a waitress then go to Oh! Hara's." 
Bottom Line: Kraftwork is still great.  Their specials are always fresh and local and their beer selection is like no other in the city. Go there immediately!This place is worth trying- nice decor, very friendly service.  We had the falafel sandwich, pierogi, and trout blt. Not the best food ever, but good solid flavors.Ok first let me say I hate gastropubs. As a non drinker the food is always lacking as people really go for the beer. But this place was in a different class of its own. The good was creative but not pretentious and the flavors put together. We were there for brunch and I had the chicken pot pie waffle which my 6 year old picked and we shared. My man had some flatbread thing that sounded good on paper but I was sure was going to be a hot mess. It was fantastic. Get that. Get that. 
The design of the space was cool and interesting. There was iron work detail throughout but not overdone. Service was great too. We got there at 10:30 and easily got a seat. By noon it was busy. I guess Philadelphians go brunch later than Californians. 
The place had good coffee too. Had it been great I would have given them 5 stars.I eat here often.  Usually once or twice a week for the last several years.  This place is amazing not only is the food incredible, the staff always goes above and beyond to make me happy.  Everyone me knows my name and has a huge smile.   I am so grateful to have this place to go to when I want a good meal and to feel like I am around family.Stopped in with my buddy after the last Yelp Elite event at Luckystrike as it was close to home and we could watch the end of the Fightens' game. Beer selection is awesome. Any type of beer you like will be represented here but with options you won't find elsewhere. The bartender had his laptop on the bar and we could follow the Cardinals, Rays and Red Soxs games. Friendly and knowledgeable is how I can describe him. Shared a cheese plate and it was great. One of the best around with a selection of blue, hard, goat and fantastic accompaniments. I have heard mixed reviews on the food and will have to get here for a meal but to kick back with a cold one for a game, this place will not disappoint.Kraftwork has quickly become one of, if not my favorite bar in Philadelphia. I go there about once or twice a week and every time I go the food is delicious. They have a pretty good beer list with alternates for all items and they rotate it frequently. The cocktails shouldn't be overlooked either, the Apple Cider Cocktail with Art in The Age Snap, is amazing. The pretzel bites are a must have. They are easily some of the best pretzels in a city that's known for taking it's pretzels seriously. Also of note is their flatbread Margherita Pizza which ranks among one of the best pizzas in the city.so I just sort of went over for a beer or two to catch the rest of the Phils game but I ended up getting a few oysters and then when the game went into extra innings, the cheese plate. I've gotten oysters here on two other occasions and they were phenomenal. This night the menu listed them as being from Canada, Prince Edward Island but they were sold out. They actually had substitutions from Nova Scotia! these were good but not great. However, I'm just thrilled that a place down the street from my house has quality oysters. no, really good quality oysters. Other than the sansom st oyster house in cc I dont know who else gets oysters like this in July (haven't been to Fathom yet). 
Now if there is another thing besides oysters that I'm a nuts-o about, its cheese. For the money ($16?) it was one of the better cheese plates I've had. A nice mix of hard and soft, goat, cow, blue, etc with great accompanyments (candied walnuts, cherry preserves, some strange/salty caper thingies). really really good. 3 people could easily share it and be satisfied. Along with the Belgian style triple I drank with it, it was all easily as good as anything you'd get in Belgium. and yes I ate the whole thing myself.
I should also mention how good the bar area is in general, especailly to watch a ball game. The 2 TVs are not intrusive to people who don't care about them, yet are easily viewable from select seats at the bar and some tables. I really like the large feel of the space too. It was crowded but still comfortable. There is no sound on the TVs but I was digging the music and general vibe of the place anyway. 
...and there was a good old fashioned brawl too which made me feel right at home in Fishtown! I should mention that the staff handled it very well and it was all over in minutes.Hands down the best looking and most architecturally interesting bar in Philadelphia. Whoever did the metal work in there is a gifted human being. My roommate and I sat at the bar, in awe by the giant metal saw hanging above the twenty something drafts they have there. Awesome. Everything from the giant-bolt doorhandle to the walls had me in a trance.
Now onto the meal. We did the cheese plate, which was excellent. Great variety and the accoutremont (?) that came with each cheese worked really well. I had the calamari over a salad with roasted cherry tomatoes and it was great, as well as the fries (MUSTARD sauce rocked). My roommate had a burger and was making noises similar to the ones i hear coming from his room at night. Awesome beer selection. I will definitely be back here.
For dessert, The Strawberry Shortcake over a BISCUIT with balsamic reduction. This was the best part of the meal and really had me speechless. The biscuit was awesome, and the balsamic/strawberry/whipped cream connection was awesome. Best use for whipped cream since that scene in Varsity Blues. 
My only beef is that the bartender wasnt friendly and took a long time for everything. Will definitely be back here in the future.Great little neighborhood spot!
  20-30 craft beers on tap that are constantly rotating.  I love how the beer menu has what's on deck once that keg kicks.  You always know well in advance what craft beer is next in line.
  The employees here have always been super friendly.  They'll let you sample drinks, and if you're unsure what your in the mood for they'll take time to talk you through it.  Rebecca (dreads) is supa supa friendly, and knowledgeable.  
  When it comes to the food, I find myself creating the "heart attack" burger fairly regularly, that is assuming I am not there for brunch, which is also always superb.  They give you the option to build your own burger as you see fit, I tend to go with, bacon, carmelized onions, aged cheddar, lettuce, tomato, and aioli....soooooo bad for you but soooooo good!
  I am yet to be disappointed with this place!We live in a city that infested by hipsters.  Hell, I might be one myself for all I know.
There are a few things without which the hipster cannot survive.  Bands that you've never heard of.  Ironic t shirts.  Ironic facial hair.  How it's even possible for facial hair to be ironic, I don't know.
But most importantly, the hipster cannot survive without a pub in which a combination of good beer, good food, and PBR can be ordered.  Without such surroundings, the hipster will wither and die, like that polar bear on that nature show that tried to eat a seal because it was starving but couldn't.  Because it was a bloody seal, and those things are huge.  
What I'm trying to say is that there are a ton of good gastropubs in Philly, and this one is a cut above the rest.  Their beer list is amazing, and when they tap a keg they actually bring on a new beer rather than replacing it, so it changes constantly.  The food we've had has all been great.  The biscuits and sausage gravy are probably the best in the city.  If you like your sausage covered in gravy and drizzled onto biscuits, this is the place to get that.  
The staff has always been friendly and entertaining.  The last time we went we asked if they ever did quizzo.  They don't.  But we spent the meal trading trivia questions with our server.  Awesome.Kraftwork is on Frankford Ave and the parking is usually a little easier for me in that area. My daughter and myself had our first visit on an October Friday night. We were there later and were seated without a wait. The space was crowded and doing well.
I had been at the Side Car before owned by the same folks as Kraftwork. The menu has a similar layout and there is very good beer selection. The inside is open with brick walls, wood tables and this really cool metal handsaw sculpture over the bar. 
Crispy Pierogies - Mashed potatoes, choucroute, mushrooms, and chive creme fraiche, apple chutney. These were very flavorful and crème fraise and apple chutney worked well together. This was a bigger then we expected. French Onion Short Rib Sandwich - Caramelized onions melted Gruyere, horseradish creme fraiche, and ciabatinni bun. This was an excellent sandwich and the meat was tender. We also had the Shrimp Po' Boy special. This was pretty good, it wasn't as good as the other dishes but the bread was excellent.
The star of the night was the dessert, the fried Apple Pie with house made vanilla ice cream, caramel sauce.  This was one of the better desserts I have has in a long time and if you like apples, cinnamon and deliciousness look no further.
All the servers at Kraftwork were friendly and helpful and I would definitely go back again.Do you like your food and beer with a side of hipster?
If so, then this is your place. 
The ambiance at Kraftwork is decidedly hipster, as are the clientele and the staff. The staff, accessorized with a healthy dose of irony in the form of tattoos and facial hair, are actually quite friendly and exhibit none of the hipster pretension, or at least they hide it well at work. 
Assuming that you either are a hipster, are dating a hipster (in which case you are likely the former), and/or enjoy hipster-watching, the beer list is pretty good and decently-priced. However, and this is a big however, the food isn't the best. We tried the Korean tacos, mussels and fries, and the shortrib sandwich. Don't get me wrong, it was all fine. But for the price and the overwhelming hipsterness, I expected better. 
If I lived in the neighborhood and owned more plaid shirts and facial piercings, I would consider coming here again. Maybe just for the beer, though.We came on a Friday night for dinner, and it was crowded but not too crowded. We sat at the bar and had great service. The burger was delicious...one of the best ones I have had in Philadelphia. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. The beer selection was also pretty spectacular. Overall it was a fun atmosphere and a nice laid back place to have dinner and a few beers with some friends.Gastropubs are my favorite places to eat nowadays so I decided to hop on i95 from the NE and head down to Fishtown to check out Kraftwork, upon reading good reviews and exploring their appealing menu. 
Wise decision. This place is awesome. Visually its a work of art with its clean industrial decor. The metal works theme is pulled off nicely. No detail is overlooked, right down to the metal gear bases of their tables. As soon as you work through their door you are greeted by their horse-shoe bar piloted by an impressive lineup of craft brews on tap. They even had Southern Tier Pumking, one of the premier pumpkin ales. My friend and I opted to eat at the bar where we could more easily oggle the beer selection. The bartender was working alone since it was a Tuesday afternoon but she hustled and was very attentive. Having a second hand out there may have given her time to make suggestions or talk about specials, but I digress! 
On to the food, I ordered the Korean BBQ Pulled Pork Tacos and an order of Garlic Herb fries. My friend ordered the Sausage Pastries and the Garlic Herb Flat Breads. The tacos were phenomenal, as were the fries which came with a ridiculously good Beer Mustard Aioli. Id order both again in a heartbeat. I didnt try the Sausages but my buddy did enjoy them. I did try the Flat Bread. Perfectly cooked but could have used maybe a little bit more flavor or perhaps a dipping sauce of some sort. They were still all devoured though so dont confuse me for saying they werent good! 
Kraftwork is another gem and considering its about 1 minute off 95 on Girard Ave, I will absolutely be back to try other items on the menu and of course, more beer.We finally made it to Kraftwork after talking about it for the last few weeks.  I'll start with the beer . . . if the rating were only based on beer, it would be a five without a second glance.  A flight of four beers is 8.00 and the selection is fabulous.  My waiter quickly figured out my beer taste preferences and made suggestions based on those. He also had great adjective selection for each beer choice . . . transcendental was my personal favorite.  
We loved the interior; we found it to be well-done industrial . . . not over the top.  My friend/dinner partner had a mild obsession with the music selection and will be back solely for that reason.  
We started with the fiddlehead ferns, which were fabulous, and the chicken liver mousse . . . . which were I a pate fan, I would have enjoyed.  I had the winning entree with the beer can chicken sandwich.  I am an ultimate sandwich snob, and this one met my standards.  The meat was perfect, as was the bread . . . the most integral part.  
I cannot make a statement regarding the other entrees at the table . . . but when you have 25 fabulous beers on tap, all you really need is one great entree.I am sitting at the bar as I write this. They are nine days since opening and I am in heaven. 25 beers on tap and an audience of folks ranging from ten months to sixty years. I NEVER got to a place so soon after opening bc I like to see a place with their A game. 
Kraftwork is on their A game and have pleased me mightily. We enjoyed some of our favorite styles of beer (me: imperial stout; him: ipa). Along with the vegetable platter. The Faux Gras was so.damn.good.
I also have to respect the place b/c they only have 5 or 6 liquors behind the bar and make some solid traditional mixed beverages.  The staff also seems to help each other out, with all asking if we needed a refill or how our dish was (without being overbearing).  
I am also impressed with the cross section of diners/drinkers here.  You have families, neighborhood residents, suburbanites (like me); all various ages represented, too.  
Oh yes, I'll be back and it makes the trek from Chester County to Fishtown worth it completely.
**ps: this was drafted on Sunday, while sitting at Kraftwork, but not posted until later, mid-week**Great beer selection, food, staff, vibe and neighborhood.  
only downside.... which, i know, it's probably silly to you::   the placement of the 2 televisions.  they seem like an afterthought to me.  unless you are at the bar, they are very tough to see.  i guess i would just rather them not be there.  it is torturous to know that the phillies are playing but that you can't actually see the game from your seat.  : /  
much love anyway.  : )Great beer selection and wonderful food.  The beer can chicken sandwich is delicious as are the muscles. The only drawback is the family style seating.  They cram as many people at a table as they can.I love Kraftwork. The first time I came I assumed it would be like the beer bar in my own neighborhood, which has excellent beer and crappy food. Kraftwork has both wonderful beer and wonderful food. First time I had the Crispy Polenta and my boyfriend had the Short Rib Sandwich. The second time I had the mussels, which were excellent, and my boyfriend had the Short Rib Sandwich again because it's just that good. The staff is a touch gruff but it's a neighborhood place so I'm okay with that. Definitely go, it's worth it!Nice u-shaped bar with lots of seating, even though the space is relatively small.  I didn't get anything to eat but the food smelled good, especially the french fries.  
The draft list is good, with about 20 beers on tap.  They also provide a list of what is on deck after a keg gets kicked.  This is a nice feature and a smart move on their part since it could easily bring you back to the bar if you know something you want to try is coming up soon.  
Another excellent aspect of the spot is that their happy hour is 10pm-Midnight.  It is half off 6 preselected drafts.  It would be nice if it was all their beers but being that this is one of the few places that does a late night happy hour you can't complain too much.Pretty good spot.  Enjoyed the apps, deviled eggs, pretzels bites and pierogis?  Staff was pretty good, reasonable pricesLove the rotating draft list. When your up for an adventure in craft brews, this is a great place stop to try something new. Pretzel bites are a fantastic hot and buttery way to get started, although you also can't go wrong with pierogies or the sausage rolls.
The burger is great, but the Beer Can Chicken and the French Onion Short Rib Sandwich are consistently some of my favorites.This place has a really great vibe, great beer selection (founders, russian river, bells, etc...)  and great service, one of my new favorite beer spots in philly. Enough said!  oh yeah and check out the band Philadelphia Slick...This review is only for their brunch but I'll likely need to update this soon when I go back during the week for dinner.
My boyfriend and I were apartment hunting in the area and decided to stop in for lunch, not realizing that they were serving brunch till 3 PM. I had the huevos rancheros and their special kraftwork mimosa. My boyfriend had a customer breakfast sandwich. The dishes were great, especially their breakfast potatoes.Craving a burger and nothing I wanted was close because of the pope. Stumble upon this place looking through yelp. Chill relaxing atmosphere. Friendly staff. The burgers here are amazing and beefy . Like a burger on steriods and full of flavor. Definitely going to come back agian
Ps. Also had the pork belly Bahn mi. My favorite off the menuwalked into Sketch Burger after a long day to get a very late (4 PM) lunch to go and after some confusion due to the person working there, was told it would be 45 minutes to get burgers, haha. so we left, obviously. thankfully some dude outside told us to walk down the street and check out Kraftwork.
because of the weird time, there were only a few patrons but service was super fast and polite. not sure if service could have been better. we sat outside. everyone who worked there was extremely attentive. food was delicious! burger, side salad, fries, bahn mi, deviled eggs, etc. all good and arrived to the table quickly. i would DEFINITELY go back here if i'm near that section of Girard again.Industrial, spare interiors make the historic setting of this bar and restaurant come to life.
Tasty, fresh combinations and artfully designed dishes. Portions are huge! 
We had the pirogi appetizer for example, and it was a meal-size portion. Definitely a place for Sharing.My mission to hit the 2012 top 50 bars in 2013 brought me to Kraftwork which was awesome.  Loved the circular/u shaped bar.  The beer list was fabulous, although I always fine the what's on tap next list to be a bit of a tease since I always seem to want something on it.  I split one of the flat bread specials of the day and Wild Mushroom Baguette with my friend and we were so glad we shared so we could tastes more of there awesome food.  I've been meaning to get back here and keep passing on the way home from the gym so I know I will at some point.  I just wish it was closer to wear I live cause I'd defiantly frequent it more it if was.Came in on a Saturday night with my wife to have a beer and something to eat. We were immediately seated and ordered a beer from their plentiful selection of craft beers. Service was very fast, I love that hey always keep you hidrated, bringing you water immediately after you seat and constantly filling up your glass, which I think is very important when you are drinking. We ordered the Korean tacos and a appetizer of perogies. Both were outstanding, we left still thinking of how good everything was. Definetly will visit again when I am Fishtown.I continue to have better expectations each time I go there (and this was the third). I know a couple of people here so I really wanted to like it but honestly it's a place I'd pass on. I've had about 7 items on the menu- my favorite being the charcuterie board appetizer- were mediocre to fair, definitely over seasoned. The front of the house service was lacking. They need a hostess if they don't already have one. The decor is fun for the area and the beer selection rules, but I'd go with Johnny B's if you're already on Girard.I am giving this place a 3 because of service. The food was good and the beer is good but it took us over 2 hours to be seated, which would have been fine if they would have told us the wait was going to be that long and not 35 minutes like we were told. Once we were finally seated, the staff didn't even offer up an apology for the exceptionally long wait/incorrect estimation of waiting time. I was just highly disappointed in the service at this place.The tofu banh mi was terrific.  The tofu was seasoned well, the vegetables were crisp and tasty, the bread was soft with a bit of crust to it.  The salad that this dish came with was a simple salad, well prepared and tasted fresh.  
I was disappointed with the burger, it was over cooked and dried out.  I expected more than that.  I don't think that I would order a burger here again.  
The pretzel bites were a little strange, they tasted almost like a biscuit pretzel hybrid.  Not really something that I would order again either.   
The service was good enough.  We weren't lacking anything.Went for Sunday Brunch. 23 taps, not particularly Philadelphia biased. Had a couple beers I've never seen before on tap. Good printed beer list showing what's on and what's up and coming, as well as price and glass size. We had the breakfast sandwiches - they were good, but for $9.50 I'd expect a bit more than one slice of scrapple. Wife go her's with t-bacon and it was a generous portion. Specials sounded real good too. Very hipster - there were more neck-beards, thick glasses and iPhones than I've ever seen. Ambiance was a bit noisy. Service was top notch and VERY friendly. We will definitely be going back here.I've never had a bad meal, beer, or interaction at Kraftwork.  I live down the street from the bar and it's my go-to at any given time, but especially when I have friends visiting from out of town.  The beer selection is always nothing short of impressive; definitely something for everyone and they keep up with the seasons in a non-obvious way. The food is consistently delicious.  The service is friendly and casual, but prompt and professional at the same time.  Kraftwork gets it right.
Noteworthy menu items:
- THE PEROGIES.  I come from a Polish family and these are up there at the top of my list.  Served with an apple chutney that is fantastic and a chive sour cream that compliments every flavor, you cannot go wrong.
- the Falafel sandwich is not like traditional double fried Philly falafel... it's light and filling, and without all the grease South Street dumps on theirs.
- French Onion Short Rib sandwich is phenomenal every time.
Also... you can never go wrong with the burger (I like gruyere cheese and caramelized onions) and the pretzel bites.
*** I always order half salad, half fries.  It's the perfect combination.  
My only complaints: I wish they would have a better main course salad selection!!!  Also, I would like the website/fb page updated with daily specials.
Other than that, Kraftwork is by far my favorite spot to grab a beer and a bite to eat!I didn't like either of the vegetarian options I've tried (the tofu banh mi and portobello sandwiches). They do have a good beer selection though and and their happy hour beer flight special is pretty good. I just won't be coming back for food.