One of my favorite places in the neighborhood! You can sit outside which is great, but the corner can be a bit noisy. Inside is nice, too, especially when the windows are open. I avoid the place on busy weekends, though- as with many BYOBs it can get a bit crowded inside. 
The food is great and I never had anything I did not like. The waiters are a good balance between attending but not bothering. The menu changes frequently which gives a good variety.The atmosphere is quaint, the prices are reasonable,but the chef is unaccommodating   we went there with a vegan,  rather than be gracious that a person with strict dietary restrictions was willing to try his food, the chef refused to remove asiago from a dish to satisfy his guests claiming that it would affect the taste too drastically.   we even asked to remove pancetta from a seperate dish, which of course was a no go.  if  you are a meat eater who can tolerate dairy, you will be pleased.  but if you have any sort of trepidations towards dairy or meats, do not go as you will not leave satiated.L'Oca is a solid neighborhood BYO for the Fairmount area and after dining here a few times, most recently last Friday, I would happily come out of my way to have dinner here. 
The experience has always been solid, from service to the food. The restaurant has a spacious airy feel, without feeling cavernous, has an open kitchen (which I always find entertaining) and generously sized windows looking out on the neighboring Penitentiary. When it's a bit more on the seasonal side, L'Oca has outside tables available. Their corner location has ample sidewalk space so you don't feel like you are choking on car exhaust. A great outdoor dining spot. 
I've mainly stuck to the pasta here, the Trofie con Funghi e Patate and the Tagliatelle with the Boar and Veal Ragu being two of my favorites. 
L'Oca is great for groups as it's a little easier to get a reservation last minute and they can accommodate large tables.Back in 2007, I was loco for L'Oca. There was this adorable Italian waiter who was clearly passionate about the place, the food was delicious, the walls were freshly painted, things were grand--5 stars.
Boy have things taken a sad TURN for the worse--and to be fair I've given the place many chances before finally writing this review.
*TheFood:* truly unremarkable with incredible amounts of salt and butter to disguise authentic blandness.
*The Service:* ever since our Italian friend left, it seems like the staff are just having a really very bad day.  Every day.  Or they are super-duper awkward...
*The Place:* if you sit outside and avoid the restrooms, you're golden. If per chance you visit the restroom (which is hopefully functioning) you will see that the "back of the house" is a bit disturbing and shady....I would think the margins on a few $25 plates of pasta can cover a couple gallons of Benjamin Moore for the interior....
In conclusion, this place was worth a visit many moons ago--it's now an expensive dump that can leave you feeling quite unsettled.had dinner twice here, always very good. menu changes keeps things interesting.  relaxing atmosphere.
only negative, can be noisy ( kitchen?)for such  a small space.This is the perfect neighborhood BYOB restaurant! My husband and I went here last night and had a FABULOUS time. The atmosphere is the perfect balance between a comfortable space, and an upscale bistro. The service was amazing, and we were seated by the huge open windows which allow for a nice breeze, and ofcourse great people watching!  
The food served here is delicious and always well thought out without being over done. I highly recommend the gnocchetti for an appetizer, and the duck with wide pasta noodles.I'm with the other many, many one-star purveyors here.  Our dinner (Friday, Jan. 8, 2010, in case the owner belatedly develops an interest) consisted of bad to mediocre food served by distracted, hostile teenage boys.  OK, they were probably in their early 20's but might as well have been high-school wrestlers, for all we got from them.  We waited and waited AND WAITED for every imaginable thing, at every stage, though the restaurant was far from full to capacity.  To begin at the ending, the height of the evening occurred when, after waiting nearly 10 minutes to have our credit card collected by the several waiters (including our own) who repeatedly passed by our table, we finally put on our coats, hats, scarves and gloves, thinking this would surely convey the hint.  Waiters, again including our own, continued to pass right by our table without collecting the credit card for another full 10 minutes.  This "waiting" experience--the OPPOSITE of what "waiters" at a decent restaurant are hired to deliver-- was the keynote for every stage of the dinner; for example, plates were not cleared but sat on the table for a very, very long time after we had finished--even though, as I mentioned, all tables were not full and the aforementioned waiters (again including our own!) passed by our table many times.  Similarly, our obviously finished plates (what part of the body language "I was so hungry I ate this rather tasteless, tough food, and so I'm now leaning far back from a completely cleaned plate" don't you understand?) sat on the table for about 15 minutes, and after they were finally cleared we waited another 15 minutes for the opportunity to order desserts.  As others have mentioned, the bread was bad and the olive oil tasteless.  The entrees were of low quality, as was the dessert we half-heartedly ordered.  The waiter who took our order for dinner was so hostile that I literally thought at one point that he was going to hit me, simply because I chuckled at my companion's way of asking about dessert options.  The waiter actually stopped his conversation with her, turned his head and glared at me, then returned to face her with an expression of extreme hostility on his face.  On this night, no manager or host was in evidence, as had been the case a few months ago.  I even said to my companion, as we realized we'd wasted our $30 bottle of wine on the very disappointing food, "It's like they're phoning it in."  Truer words were never spoken: as we left L'Oca, the chef himself was standing over the next poor schmoe's rubbery, simmering entree, TALKING ON HIS CELL PHONE WHILE HE COOKED THE FOOD!  We used to be fans of this restaurant.  We used to count it among our favorites.  Something has changed--horribly--at L'Oca.  The fact that everything is now so overpriced and so badly executed is inexcusable.  We will *never* return and have retracted our earlier recommendations to friends.  It will be a mercy to everyone concerned when (as is inevitable) this place bites the dust.  In the meantime, AVOID L'OCA LIKE THE PLAGUE!I don't head to Fairmount often . . . and when I do, I tend to go to Umai Umai.  I have passed L'oca a few times, and it always seems vibrant and full of good energy.
It was fairly quiet on a Thursday evening, but a very nice meal.  An open air kitchen, quality original pasta dishes, and a credit card accepting byob . . . a definite 4 stars in my book.
The special ravioli was delicious.  The cheese plate was a little under par, but my ravioli made up for it.Embarrassed...that is how I would feel if I served only 1 New Zealand lamb 'lollipop' chop in an entree for $29.  Not only was the 2 oz. portion small, but the french fried potatoes served with it were an oily, old mess.  I laughed out loud when I saw the portion.  Hey, the good news is they will only rip me off once and maybe I'll save someone else the trouble of a poor, over-priced meal.I'M STILL STARVING
Went to L'Oca tonight with some old friends and their spouses.  The restaurant was small, but somehow incredibly noisy.  It was impossible to speak with anyone besides the people who were sitting right across from me and next to me.  Service, though competent, was rather slow.
Our appetizers were tasty enough, though ridiculously overpriced.  We ordered three of the five appetizers, and I must say that each was disappointing.  While the flavors were ok, they failed to amaze.  This would be ok were it not for the miniscule portions.  Seriously, a 10$ sardine appetizer should have more than TWO SARDINES.  A $20 antipasto should provide more than a single bite for each person, especially if it is presented as being "for two."
My fish was ok, I guess, although the garnish was unimaginative and very greasy, and the "whole trout" was rather small.  What really irked me was the tagliatelle that my friend ordered.  This would have been barely passable  as an appetizer, and was absolutely unacceptable for a full-priced entree.  I would say that he was served a bite and a half of pasta at most.  Pathetic.  I have nothing against small servings, but the food should be really, really good.  This was only ok.  Two members of our party ordered ravioli, which consisted of five rather modest-sized pieces.  There simply wasn't enough food.  I wish we had passed a McDonald's on the way home.  Then I wouldn't be so hungry after having laid out 30$ (not including wine and tip) for literally a few bites of just-passable food.  Judging from the other reviews, I'm just glad I didn't ask the chef to make a substitution-- God forbid this culinary master should make the slightest change when he deigns to serve you a tiny morsel of dinner for a ridiculous price.
I really hope this place goes out of business.  The sooner the betterThis is a solid neighborhood place.  Good food, good service.  It's not going to blow your socks off, but it's better than most.  I had the striped bass special which was decent.  The bread dumpling things were good but mostly because of the parmesan cheese.2 poor experiences with L'Oca.4 major problems: no hostess  disorganized waiters, no waiting area and no manager.  
1.  We live in a the neighborhood so a few months ago we tried to have dinner at L'Oca without a reservation.  They said there was a 30 or 40 minute wait and since there was absolutely no where to wait for our table, other than outside in the cold, we decided to leave our cell phone number with the waiter (because there is no hostess) and go to the bar down the street to wait for our table.  They never called and we didn't eat dinner there that night.
2.  Then I saw a Philly Dealyo offering a $40 coupon for the cost of $20 at L'Oca - again since we live in the neighborhood I figured we would give them another try, perhaps it was just an "off" night the previous time we tried to eat there.  WRONG.  On Wednesday I made a reservation for 8 pm on Friday night.  We get there and our table is not ready.  They made us wait outside for 10 minutes before I went inside and asked if our table was ready - it was, the waiter just never came and told us - again the problem with not having a hostess.  So we go and sit down and the waiter reaches over us to open our bottle of wine and and the smell of his body odor overwhelms us. Fighting off the gag reflex we order a salad and an appetizer with him.  A few minutes later a DIFFERENT waiter comes over and takes our dinner order. We chose the duck breast and the ribeye.  We drink a glass of wine and the waiter brings out dinner  - we never got out appetizers.  On top of that he brings just my dinner, not my boyfriends. I had the $26 duck and it was so tough I needed a steak knife. It lacked flavor and was a huge disappointment.  I sawed through it with my butter knife because I was starving by this point.  My boyfriend had the $32 ribeye and he said it tasted like a $6 piece of meat off the grill.  No flavor at all.  
The table next to us had 8 people.  They were sat a few minutes after we were.  We were finished with our dinner before their waiter ever came to take their order. I overheard the man at the head of the table ask if they could have a waiter take their order.  We started talking to them about how bad the place was and told them not to order the duck or the ribeye.  20 minutes later  as we were leaving that table had 2 of the 8 dinners on the table just sitting there getting cold as they waited for their guests dinners to arrive.  Overall this place needs a lot of help.
Ways to redeem themselves - hire a manager, appoint a head waiter or hostess to take care of people when they arrive, and when they screw up they should offer something to make their customer feel better.My first time going to a BYOB in Philly and I had a great experience. We went down the street to grab us a $10 bottle of wine and headed to the restaurant. I was worried that the waiter would be a little wary of us bringing our wine in, but they were very welcoming and ready to open our wine so we could enjoy it. My friend and I shared the gnochetti for our appetizer which was delicious and perfect to start with. Then she had the striped bass which was a special for the night and I had the free range chicken. I have never had such amazing chicken in my life. It was cooked perfectly and very tender-- almost even buttery! After our meal, shared a tiramisu and enjoyed the rest of our wine. They waiter let us enjoy our evening and our bottle of wine and did not rush us out of the restaurant. This made the evening perfect for my friend and I. I am so happy to have finally tried this place because it is a literal 5 minute walk from my place!It was a cool summer evening and eating outside was delightful. However from the start of the meal to the coffee- the experience was disjointed. We would be introduced to one waiter and another would come- after waiting an inordinately long time for our food- 3 salads arrived- with a good 5 or more minutes wait til our 4th received his.  Similarly 3 entres arrived- my fish was tasty if undercooked and barely warm. Friends' duck was excellent- the 2 men had pork and they said it was okay!  Dessert and coffee- 2 coffees and one dessert arrived- one dessert and coffee completely forgotten.   The portions were quite small and the desserts seemed stale.  Had we been inside in a noisy crowded space it would have been unbearable- but we gave way to the evening although we were greatly disappointed.A group went to L'oca for mother's day and it was enjoyable.  Many specialty pastas and meat dishes...you must love food and be adventurous.  We also got many desserts and split them with the table.  The owner was so nice too!L'Oca's open kitchen comes through time and again with consistently well-balanced and executed dishes. But more than just finding its established niche in fine cuisine-starved Fairmount, it fills a surprising void as a Northern Italian neighborhood bistro in a city replete with Southern Italian red sauce eateries.
They've done a nice job in rehabbing a corner beer distributor space across from Eastern State Pen. with large windows that open out in summer and recessed and pendant lighting. The chef and his staff are committed to taking great care with their ingredients, from the deftly-handled salads to the richness of their game or pasta (half of which are homemade) preparations. On more than one occasion I've been blown away by the quiet perfection of their soups-- which are always simple, but manage to clarify the savory pleasure of a fresh young leek or humble beans in a minestrone.
The owner Jack is always there, vigilantly supervising the service, which is pleasant in its tidy coordination of various servers looking after your needs. Most Philly BYOs fall off in quality after their initial year in business, but it's nice to see that in its commitment to standards, L'Oca manages to bilk the trend.
What I've loved: valeriana and crescione/rughetta salads, gnocchetti armenville with sage butter, seasonal soups, saffron spaghetti with scallops and prosciutto, fresh pappardelle with goose ragu (only seasonal), and rabbit loin braised in milk.
They now accept reservations.I would have given L'Oca 5 stars but we couldn't get water even after 4 different waiters asked us if we'd prefer tab or bottled.  
So it's a busy place but they accept reservations.  On my first visit I had the chicken.  It was tasty but hey, it's chicken.  On my second visit I had the spinach ravioi browned in butter.  A-maz-ing!  Thanks to our waiter for the push in that direction.  My friend had the boar-chop.  More tender than pork and quite good.  We were a little disappointed there wasn't a better selection of veggie sides.  Dessert was divine but for those allergic to walnuts, I'm sorry to say skip the flourless chocolate cake.Had a lovely meal at this cute little neighborhood BYOB a few months back when it was still warm enough to sit at the tables outside. The food is authentic and lovely: Try the anchovies and the papardelle with lamb ragu (this traditonal Italian dish--my hunch is that it's southern Italian because it's hearty and saucy--has been consistently popping up at homey trattorie for a few years now, but it's rare for me to see it with lamb and not boar). Great people watching as everyone is out and about, walking their dogs, pushing strollers, coming home with groceries.  Wait staff is really friendly and knowledgeable, effusive about their food, and very Italian (but not in the leave you alone for so long you think they've forgot about you kinda way!) Can't wait to go back; I didn't order it but I'm intrigued by this Gnocchetti Armenville of which they speak. When can it be mine?Oh this place...just so memorable! I went here last month and without a reservation, it was jam packed and we had to wait an hour (arrived at 8, were seated at 9). So that gave us high hopes! We had some amusing company - a pretty drunk girl one table over provided some entertainment. 
The best part of the night was the wait staff. They were hilarious! But understand I mean this to point out that they were so odd/bad at their job it just became amusing. Our original waiter was Brad. He came over but seemed to get stage fright upon seeing us and had nothing to say. Then he rambled off a special or two and ended with oh yeah, I'm Brad and I'll be your waiter. Someone else came over and took over, opening our wine (side note - love BYOs so this is always a plus) and took our order. 3 minutes later, Brad came to take our order! This continued on for quite some time, Brad being uncertain of his role with us.
All in all, a good story. The food came relatively fast. I had the lamb which was a little salty. The guy I was with had the steak which I think he liked. It was large - taking up most of the plate! Best part were side dishes - I'm a sucker for cauliflower. I realize I often make menu choices based on side dishes. Hm.
Anyway - I had a good time at least. I would go back. It isn't the top of my list but good enough to go again. I do hope that they rotate their menu though. I didnt see anything on it that I loved/needed to order.I have been to Loca a good 5 times in the past 2 months. Everytime I have had a wonderful time with my tastebuds. If your looking for a real deal traditional Italian dinner in Philly, you really should come here.
You will get a wonferfully crafted dinner, and at the same time save some money while bringing your oun wine!L'Oca was one of the best Italian meals I've had in a long time. The menu is small and simple. The ingredients are fresh (all homemade pasta), and in most cases organic. 
I had the papardelle al ragu: Fresh Wide Egg Noodle Pasta with Red Wine Braised Organic Goose Ragu, which is apparently one of their house specialties. It was so flavourful, the pasta al dente, the goose cooked to perfection, falling apart in my mouth...It was also just the perfect amount, generally I have a very large appetite, and I was filled to complete satisfaction. 
My boyfriend had the marinated and seared chicken served with yucca and potato mash and sauteed zucchini.  It was equally spectacular: tender and succulent, I'd never had chicken that actually managed to blow my mind. 
And did I mention its BYOB and affordable. Service warm and friendly. Highly highly recommend if you're looking for authentic Italian cuisine!I love this BYO. I've been there a couple times now and each meal has been phenomenal. Hands down, best Northern Italian cuisine I've had in Philly but, don't expect the staff to wait on you hand and foot.
Service is known to be a little spotty and depending on the night, servers take a while to get your order to you.  They have always been nice... just not the best servers out there. Here's a tip. Bring plenty of wine, make friends with the chef, and take your time. I do not recommend this place if you want to sit down eat and be out within an hour. 
I recommend going on a slow night like Monday. The chef, Fabrizio, is top notch and the service will be more attentive with less people.Living in the neighborhood I have been to l'oca many times, but less and less frequently lately. While the food is decent, the portions have gotten smaller and the prices higher.  I left hungry.
They used to have the same servers that knew who I was, but more recently, there seems to be different people working there everytime I've been, and no one seems to be in charge.
As for the arrogant little chef (I think he is the owner), when he is not checking his cell phone or drinking wine, he might do you the honor of cooking your meal, just don't ask for changes. His occassional yelling and throwing around pans and utensils just adds to the deafening sound in theplace, which looks a bit shabby and run down. 
That will be my last time, it's just not worth it.BYOB! YES! 
My Philly friends brought me here for an authentic Italian dinner. First of all, I love the open kitchen and hearing the chef actually speak Italian. It was crowded on a Saturday night, and fairly noisy.
We started with antipasti and I had the gnochetti. Spectacular. Everyone shared some. My friends had the baby octopus which they devoured (I don't like octopus so I can't comment).
We then had a pasta course. We ordered three pastas and all were good. We, of course, had the paparadelle with goose ragu, and even though it's what they are famous for, it wasn't the highlight. We ordered the pasta special, which had some kind of green in it, and that was the most fantastic dish!
By this point, we were stuffed on pasta and a few bottles of wine so I can only comment on my own entree. There was a duck special that was a take-off of "a l'orange," pan-seared in Grand Marnier. It was absolutely delicious. 
The only problem with the whole night was that the waiter got one of the entrees wrong and one person in my party had to wait for his dinner.this is an email we sent to the restaurant
I just arrived home from a very disappointing experience at your restaurant.  We were seated at 5:00 and after a 45 minute wait we still did not have any waitstaff person come to our table. I would have inquired of the person who seated us, but he seemed to be socializing at your out door seating.  I finally had to ask a bus person if he knew who was handling our table.  Thankfully he understood the problem and after an additional 10 minutes someone showed up at the table.  An apology for the lack of service would have been nice, but that never happened.  We again had to request someone to open the wine, which I would have assumed our waitstaff person should have offered.
I dine out in the city frequently.  I eat at 5 star restaurants, and pizza shops and have always been pleased with the service. 
This was a special occasion for my family and this put a damper on the evening.
Additionally, the servings were very small also.Solidly good northern Italian food with a hit or miss staff, and some odd menu selections (the rosemary pan friend chicken was good... but it really did taste like fried chicken). A bit pricey for the neighborhood, but after I'm down to the bottom of my wine (its BYOB), I'm no longer caring.Went here last night, a lazy Thurs evening, probably the most beautiful summer day since early June (beautiful breeze, no humidity). Since the weather was so nice we took a table outside. The restaurant was only about 1/3 full at 6pm. Our friendly waiter was on top of everything, asking if we wanted sparkling or still water and opening our wine immediately (wine glasses/stems were of excellent quality so don't be afraid to BYO a good bottle here). He also brought some really good bread with some thick and delicious extra virgin olive oil for dipping. While perusing the menu we were told the daily specials, one of which was a fillet of red snapper, the other a NY Strip steak. I like the fact that we were told the prices of these entrées after he described them. We placed our order and waited a decent amount of time, maybe 30 minutes or so, before the apps came out. It was such a beautiful evening that I didn't really mind tho. My wife and I shared everything.
The first appetizer was something called Gnochetti, which were delicious golf ball size croquettes of semolina, potato and cheese with small chunks of speck (i.e. prosciutto), mushrooms and asparagus inside. All drizzled with delicious sage butter - these were almost the consistency of creamy polenta but with a richer creamier taste from the cheese that was melted throughout - really really tasty. wow. The second app was a dish called "Bagnetta' which was perfectly grilled vegetables: radicchio, artichokes, zuchinni, eggplant, red pepper - all drizzled with an incredibly tasty anchovy garlic sauce. I was taken with how meticulously this dish was assembled, each vegetable was perfectly grilled even though they all take different amounts of time to cook. Thin strips of zucchini and eggplant were grilled then rolled up into a neat little package and plated with artful precision. The anchovy sauce was so damn good and it added the perfect balance of salt and seasoning to the vegetables and it was even better mopped up with some more of that bread and olive oil. Super good.
Entrees immediately followed the appetizers with no waiting. We got the red snapper special which was nicely done. It was pan seared with crispy skin. Now I loves me some crispy fish skin when done properly and this seemed to be but the fillet was strangely plated with the skin side down which made it get soggy soon after it reached our table. The fish itself was delicious in its simplicity. The fish had a side of haricot verts (string beans) which were, again, cooked beautifully - blanched then quickly grilled (yes, grilled) which added a nice dimension to the flavor. And the beans themselves were of the highest quality; very fresh and bright green. Also a side of Yukon gold potatoes which were cut like french fries but baked instead of fried; again, delicious and meticulously prepared. We also ordered the "famous" parparedelle with goose ragu. My wife is not a huge fan of game birds like goose and duck so I ate most of this. Perfectly cooked al dente pasta, the ragu was indeed really good. you could tell it was simmered for a long time with wine and a mire poix of root vegetables - a very proper and "correct" method, which concentrates all the flavors. We BYO'd a bottle of white wine but this dish called for a hearty red, which we mentioned to our waiter. He graciously offered us a glass of red, on the house! It was a basic but very good Montepulciano and a perfect match with the goose ragu. Lastly we had a slice of homemade apple cake for desert. Super duper moist and very rich. It tasted like it was made with marscapone cheese or heavy cream at least. I think it might have been the best apple cake I ever had.
Overall it was a great meal. Portions are not huge but not small by any means.  It is apparent that the chef at L'oca is a serious cook. Very meticulous in his methods, using only the best ingredients, all indicative of the "Slow Food" movement, which is mentioned on the website. As a former member of Slow Food I can totally appreciate this philosophy and effort. However, I think some of the service issues I read about in other posts may be the result of this meticulousness, which can throw off timing and service in the dining room. Our waiter was outstanding this night but I can see how a lesser waiter could falter, especially during a busy weekend rush. Wait times for some of the dishes here can be a little longer but the food is really good. So try and sit back, relax, sip some wine and enjoy. The food is worth it.Best pasta dish I've had in a long time. Everything we ordered was delicious. We ate there right before it closed, apparently. We had no idea it was closing. Sad to see it go...This place sucks... plain and simple.  Live only a few blocks away and was excited to have a nearby byo to check out.  Overpriced entrees, terrible service, and even worse food.  Big let down... Stay away...The first time I ate here 3 years ago, I loved it, but on 2 more occasions I had bad experiences.  It was for this reason , when we were invited by some friends to join them at L'Oca, I warned them that it was a clip joint. They had bought $50 coupons for $25 which compelled them to try this place. The service was terrible with attitude. We asked for bread and were ignored. The bread was not fresh. We asked a waiter to open one of our bottles of wine and were ignored. They serve small portions at very high prices. Their famous pappardelle with duck was $20 for a small appetizer portion.  It was prepared well, however. I ordered a 10 oz rib eye steak for $32. While it was prepared to my specifications, the meat was not tender and the soggy few fries not very tasty. It's quality was not nearly sufficient to justify the high cost. Likewise, the same could be said for the duck breast. If you like sitting at a cramped table in a small room with deafening noise, get poor service with a bad attitude, less than stellar quality ingredients, hard bread, and small portions for very high prices, this is the place for you. I wanted to be with my friends but after seeing the bill at the end of the meal, I should have declined. STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS CLIP JOINT.The good:  the location and outdoor seating.
The bad: everything else.
After some generic bread and sub-par olive oil, I started with the panzanella salad, which consisted of some mixed greens from a bag over what appeared to be (and tasted like) a piece of Wonderbread toast; there were some roasted tomatoes on the side that were still hot and completely ruined any crisp freshness the salad might have had -- I didn't find the difference in texture/temperature to be complementary.
I decided on the tagliatelle with boar bolognese as a main dish -- the pasta was cooked well, but - and I don't know how it's possible to do this to boar - the bolognese was completely tasteless.
We shared the pannacotta for dessert (the only dessert they had), and honestly, it had the consistency of Jell-O - the vanilla flavor was nice, but the texture was absolutely disgusting.  I certainly won't be going back.Wow - i am surprised at the negative reviews here.  We came here back when they first opened and were so new there wasn't even any signage.
Honestly, I can't really remember what we had but mine was good and I remember a terrific drizzle of very high quality balsamic vinegar was used on one of the dishes.
My compnanion did not like her meal at all, but i loved mine.
Also it was very loud in there (semi open kitchen) and for a small space, it was cramped.
Not the best I've had - but not bad. Perhaps they've tweaked things since?Large windows.  Open kitchen.  Inspiring menu.  Attentive staff.I had dinner there with 2 fiends this weekend and the food was quite good. The pasta with a veal and wild boar bolognese was quite good. The pan seared chicken was very favorful and exceptionally moist. 
The one slight disapointment in the meal was the cheese and fruit antipasta which was billed as four cheeses with fruit and nut accompiant. The cheeses were good but came on a plate with a single apricot and 4-5 nuts. And when we asked the waiter about the cheeses he knew little to nothing about them, not even knowing the name of one of them. I often get the cheese plate to learn about new cheeses. This resulted in a one star deduction.Close to horrible. Apparently it's not possible to rate a place with zero stars, but if I could, I would. 
We went here for a special occasion and the service was about as bad as I've had in a long time. Even stranger, it wasn't our waitress or the food service in general. It was the host, manager, and chef. I'll spare the details but suffice it to say that this place has attitude to spare, most of which was not warranted based on our 2 visits.
Leaving aside the service, the food did little to impress or please. Expect a mediocre to bland experience in that regard. I second another reviewer's comment about the flavorless olive oil. If they can't get olive oil and bread right, how do you think they'll do with more challenging dishes? You guessed right.
The Art Museum area very much needed an infusion of Italian cuisine in its otherwise bountiful restaurant selection. L'oca is the wrong fit. Take a cab or move to South Philly.This place is near a great neighborhood restaurant. There is plenty of outdoor seating when it is warm enough and the inside is open and airy. The kitchen is in full view and you feel like everything is there just for you.
Their menu changes every now and then, but which keeps you coming back, since their selection at any given time is not that varied. The service is average, but the atmosphere makes this place a four-starer!Italian bistro, great neighborhood BYOB. Sometimes service can be improved, but dishes are generally pretty good. Try saffron spaghetti with scallops or papardelle with goose ragout (italian = l'oca) . Go on a weekday to avoid being rushed. Other than that cool, but not overstylish place. Worth a try, I like it and went back several times...Went to L'Oca with the roommate and another accomplice to see what it was about. I have walked past this place a few times and sometimes its bustling and other times its dead. Overall, it was a little over-priced for rather average Tuscan/Northern Italian food.
And they DO charge a corkage fee, at least thats what i think the mysterious 9 dollar charge was on our bill. I had the Wild Boar Ragu over Tagliatelle, which wasn't terrible, but it didn;t have a whole lot of flavor. My entree, however, was fantastic. It was a special, Rabbit Loin stuffed with speck and infused with rosemary in a brown butter demiglace. This was seriously a delicious concoction.
My only beef with this place is that the portions were way too small for the price. A younger person can definitely do better to get their money's worth in terms of italian BYOB's in philly, but if u have a couple extra bucks to spend, and you have been to most of the others in town, this place is definitely worth a taste.Very well prepared food with the seafood saffron fettucini a standout.  Ethereal gnocchi and seldom seen lamb shoulder done perfectly rare with a blistered outside demonstrate superior cooking skills.  Stylish room and open kitchen create a pleasing sophisticated minimalist look with the chef and two sous' working in contemplative synch.  Except for one professional, service neither polished nor indifferent, mostly tentative but willing, though service seems to improve with each visit.  Recent meals suggest that his chef has the ability to make L'Oca the premier northern Italian kitchen in the city.  Favorable seating seems to go to neighborhood locals.We ate at L'oca for the 3rd or 4th time last night and it was delicious.  I like the atmosphere, very bustling and not over-done.  The service was earnest and well-meaning but spotty.  They sat another table for two immed. after us and the waiter took so long to explain their specials that we waited for around 15 minutes without water.  And then only because I flagged down another server.   Otherwise the service was fine.  
We got the gnochetti which was recommended by the waiter (and we've had before) but it was not to my liking.  Kind of a cheesy mush when I was expecting something firmer.  Our entrees were the branzino special and the rabbit loin with the rabbit being the clear winner.  It was outstanding.  It was a pretty fun Wednesday night and the food was good.  I also think that's its pretty reasonable, our bill was $60 w/o tip for 2.  We will definitely be back again.  
It's really neat to sit outside in the summer, they are right across the street from Eastern State Penn.This is a great little neighborhood bistro.  My husband and I live in the area and have been several times, both with a group and just the two of us.  They're a BYOB which we didn't realize the first time we went, but the waiter took pity on us and gave us each a glass of the house red wine - major bonus points!  The food is very tasty although the portions are a bit on the small side.  I got the watercress, carrot and goat cheese salad the last time I went, which was simple but delicious.  Tried to recreate it at home with disappointing results.  Lots of good, homemade pastas as well.  A great alternative to the abundance of gastropubs in the Fairmount area.Such a quaint, classy restaurant! I came here for a friend's bridal shower and was unsure of what to expect (accept regular ol' pasta) because I'm vegetarian. The attentiveness of the waiters throughout the courses was perfect. What was even more perfect was the vegetarian options the chef came up with on the fly. I will def be revisiting this place with the fi!The good is that this place is a BYOB. The bad is that the food is NOT good and way overpriced. If you like small portions that are expensive, you're good then. I swear I ordered lobster ravioli that they purchased from trader joes and put in there microwave. I got a whopping 4 ravioli for only $25 - and great in that it was from trader joes!!!This place SUCKS !!! Sad but true, Want an overpriced restaurant with extremely small portions and sub -par wait-staff then this place is for YOU!!  The chef/owner  was right out of a Seinfeld epi.  i.e. soup-nazi!!! We had a problem with the portion size of the $30.00 lamb-chops and they basically said to us we need to pay for the order irregardless of if we wanted it or NOT!! NO, NO, NO, offer of making the customer happy, needless to say we left with the chef giving us a death -look and the knowledge of us never stepping foot in that place again!! DON"T GO !!!Food was hit or miss.  The real issue was that we sat for 2 hours and in that time only 1/2 the table was served,  Finally got up & left b/c they hadn't started the other dinners as of yet after repeated reminders from waiters the table wasn't complete.  Ended up at Firehouse down the street & found some other patrons who ended up there too after waiting 1 1/2 hrs themselves.  Unless dinner service improves, this place simply isn't worth the wait.expensive and pedestrian - bring your own bland
unappetizing truffle dish
olive oil without taste was better than 
"italian" bread dipped out of closed-down wa-wa
samples of spaghetti w/ scallops showed nothing refined, no taste beyond the chew... same for fish specials served as right triangle shingles
lasagna had mozza cheese a la Polly-O with a couple of roma tomatoes, slice of eggplant and some green napoleanic discs i think made of starchy plankton
small portions at least relieve guilt of either eating or wasting too much
for four , without drinks, bill soaring past $100
i can't believe that this is what the world has been waiting forFour of us ate at L'oca today and we enjoyed it.  Good quick service and interesting dishes to choose from.  We will go back again.Sorry to say, but this place only gets 1 star from me.  I've been here three times and had a great experience each time, however I just went for my BIRTHDAY DINNER with my entire family and will NEVER GO HERE AGAIN!!!
PLEASE READ THIS CRAZY STORY:
Everything was going smoothly until our entrees came out.  My dad ordered the $29 lamb dish and we were shocked by how small it was.  At not even 5oz. you could literally finish it in two bits.  It was accompanied by an even smaller portion of mashed potatoes.  These were the only two things on a $29 plate of food.  That in itself was a smack in the face...  but wait till you hear the rest!
We politely called over the waitress, told her everything had been delicious, however we were surprised and upset by how small the lamb entree was.  She said she would talk to someone while we waited in front of our meals.
Fifteen minutes went by...
She came back and said: Sorry, there is nothing we can do, would you like to order a second entree?  We said no thank you, we would like this resolved, can you either bring another appetizer sized lamb chop or replace it with the rib-eye steak entree?
Another ten minutes went by and we were starting to get dirty looks from the staff...
She came back and again said sorry but they can't do anything.  At this point our food was starting to get cold.  I got up to approach the two waitresses talking to each other by the open kitchen.  They were only 15 ft. from our table and it appeared that they were talking about us.  I told them I had been here three times before and couldn't understand their reluctance to do anything at all.  She said it was out of her hands and you'll need to speak with the chef/owner.
As I stood there for a minute to contemplate if I should speak to the chef or just sit down, the the busboy, YES THE BUSBOY, came right up to me and said in a sarcastic tone "Is everything ok? Enjoying your dinner?"  As I stood there slightly confused and annoyed about the situation and the busboy's attempt to patronize me, he then preceded to walk by and ELBOW ME.  No joke.  I couldn't believe it either.
At this point I went right up to the open kitchen wall and said, "excuse me chef, can I please speak with you."  A man about 5 foot nothing turned around and said very bluntly, YES?
I delicately explained the situation, said I had been here three time before, loved the restaurant and food, and specifically came to your restaurant for my birthday with my entire family.
He said: The meat is expensive, if you don't want the lamb you still have to pay for it, if you want another entree you have to pay for that too.  This is literally word for word.
I said: Chef, am I being unreasonable? Is this the first time someone has said this about the lamb, the most expensive dish on your menu? To which he replied, "I'm busy" and then turned around.
I went back to the table... at this point my family and I were in disbelief and decided to just eat our food.  BUT WAIT IT'S NOT OVER YET!!!!
The entire staff of the restaurant then purposely ignored us for the next 30 minutes.  We finished our meals, sharing what we could with my dad.  Plates cleaned, another 20 minutes went by before anyone came over.
THIS IS A SMALL FRIGGIN' PLACE PEOPLE!!!  They were walking by us, not looking at us.  We should have just gotten up and left.
Finally they clear the table, no one even asked how our meal was.  We waited another 20 minutes for someone to open a bottle of wine.  They finally came over with the dessert tray but at that point we just wanted to get out of there so we asked for the check right away.
Another 15 minutes went by before they gave us the check... we felt like prisoners!!!  We put the credit card in the bill holder right away and they took their good old time before coming back again.  ANOTHER 15 minutes went by before they ran the card!!!!  What a bunch of pricks.
The tip section of the bill made all of us smile, we gave them a big fat $0.
As we got up to leave, being totally ignored by all employees of the restaurant, I casually walked over to the chef who was now standing by himself.
I said verbatim, as loudly as I could: "THANK YOU CHEF! WE WILL NEVER COME BACK TO YOUR RESTAURANT EVER AGAIN!"  Everyone in the restaurant heard me and looked over.
Chef Napoleon gave me a death stare that would have killed a baby seal.  I walked out of the restaurant, turned around to look at him still grilling us through the glass doors, and gave him the Larry David arms up, what did you expect move.  Then I drove my car through the side of the restaurant... haha kidding.
So there you have it.  If this is how L'OCA thinks a restaurant should be run, regardless of the food, then this place is not worth your time or your hard earned money.Great first experience at a BYOB.  We had the cheesy gnocchi app and we were licking the dish.  I had the goose ragu and it was delicious!  The service was friendly and even though we had to wait a while for a table, they opened our bottle and we drank while we waited.  My friend had the pork chop and I'm not a big pork person, but it was so moist and juicy, yum.  Her boyfriend had the wild boar pasta and that was also delicious.  If I come back to Philly, I would love to eat here again!  Why can't there be BYOB's in Seattle??!!Our party of 8 arrived to a half-empty restaurant on a Saturday night. Our waiter promptly opened our wine and presented us with menus that had very little in common with the one posted on the LOca website. He then proceeded to tell us that they had run out of steak and chicken (it was only 8:00) and offered limited alternatives. Although some were disappointed, we placed orders for salads, pasta and seafood dishes. One of the women in the crowd has severe gluten, dairy and seafood allergies and had confirmed the availability of gluten free pasta in advance. Since the only meat dish available was "rabbit" (not quite to her liking), and the only gluten pasta dish offered on the menu was accompanied by a cheese topping, she requested that the pasta be made plain with other toppings on the side. The waiter (an innocent party) asked the chef and came back to say that there would be no changes to anything on the menu - take it or leave it. I then spoke directly to the assistant chef (the chefs english is evidently limited) who said he would make an exception. However, a few minutes later the waiter returned to the table to say that the chef was still refusing to prepare a plain bowl of pasta. We told the waiter that we would have to leave rather than have one of our party unable to eat, and the waiter said that the chef wouldnt budge. So we stood up and left. As we exited the door located by the kitchen area the chef began shouting at us to "go away" and "get out". The entire experience was surreal and almost funny in retrospect, and luckily there are plenty of other restaurants in center city to choose from (we ended up going to The Palm due to the late hour). This is the first restaurant review I have ever written and the message is STAY AWAY!!I really wanted to walk away from L'Oca in love and sadly, that didn't happen. The poor service did not meet the menu. I would consider the restaurant a sophisticated BYOB. The beautiful open kitchen and the floor to ceiling windows provided a comfortable atmosphere. We were seated immediately by a friendly hostess. I wish she was taking care of our table for the evening. Soon after we met our server, an aloof man whose time we were obviously wasting. My dinning companion and I shared the Bagna Cauda which was delicious. I could not get enough of the mushroom pate. The chicken dish I ordered was okay, nothing compared to the Bagna Cauda. I did notice a posting on craigslist for new servers recently so maybe a second round is in order.We had a similar experience with the overpriced lamb dish that looked less appetizing than street meat and was far less plentiful.  It was accompanied by ten greasy french fries and the oiliest cauliflower I've ever seen.  On the plus side, when we complained they eventually offered to take it off the bill and then offered me a glass of whiskey for my troubles.  Don't do it.