i was looking forward to a new coffee spot, but this won't be it for me.  they dont have a menu first off, and im not a coffee connoisseur, so i was a little thrown off.  i kept it simple, asked for an iced tea, but they did give me hot tea w/a cup of ice.  v. artsy crowd here, great for people watching, but not for studying.  its a little loud, my headphones were not enough to block out the noise, so i was stuck listening to watever they chose, which wasn't my preference.  the servers were all really nice, and they kept cleaning the tables quite often.  all in all it wasnt a bad experience, but not one to keep me coming back either...Yo this draft latte is BS good. 
Also the guy at the register complimented my tie. 10/10Probably the best coffee shop I've ever been to. Everything they make is great. Their pure black and draft latte are the best iced coffee drinks I've ever had, full stop. Their drip and espresso are also very tasty and strong. If you are in the area and love coffee you need to stop by this spot. 
Only complaint: the line can get absurdly long. However, the staff here is some of the best around and the line moves very quickly. On that note, service here is also very friendly.I went here after a recommendation that this is "the best coffee place in philly" and I'm so glad I checked it out! The cafe area itself is super nice & clean. They also offer tap and sparking water to customers which is awesome. Prices are very reasonable and the staff is super friendly. My friend and I chatted with one of the baristas for a few minutes and he gave us some pro-tips on how to make a killer espresso. I will definitely be coming back here again soon!There's lots of contention about the Euro-snooty attitude of La Colombe's baristas.  They may have a point.  However, since I lived in Philly and now in DC, La Colombe's Niza roast has been about the only roast that takes me back to my childhood.
Whenever I come back to Philly to visit my BF, which is quite often, I end up buying a 5-lb bag of Niza roast, in beans, to use with my trusty Gaggia. I do my own grinding and the coffee is absolutely delicious.
Having said that, the baristas should attend the Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People, as well as read the old I'm OK You're OK trusty book.  Their attitude does need improvement fersure.Yes it a great place and great coffee. But none of these coffee places know how to serve a decent cup of black tea.
I should say start with the tea leaves but I'll leave that alone.
1. The cup of tea is scalding hot
2. The tea has a burnt taste 
So you need to lower the temperature 
Then get to back to other things like tea leaves.$2 for a drip coffee. I had the Corsica blend, which is delicious. 50¢ refills, which is a nice deal if you plan on staying a bit to read or work. My first time here, and I'll definitely be back. Great prices in Rittenhouse for a good cup of Joe. Staff was friendly, line moved very fast. Highly recommended.My husband and I LOVE pure black from La Colombe, the best stuff on earth. After we had a problem with our online order we contacted them and they refunded our money and sent us free coffee! Great service, we will be customers for life.Staff was friendly, drinks were delicious, orders were fast and efficient, and prices are reasonable. Great place to grab a coffee!Delicious coffee and espresso drinks and a cute little cafe. If you come during the morning rush hour, be prepared to wait a while for your drink. There are a decent number of seats here, but again, if you come in the morning, you might feel a little uncomfortable with the people in line crowding your space. I am a big coffee drinker, so I like that their refills are 75 cents, if I remember correctly. The baristas are also very friendly.
My major problem with La Columbe is their lack of wifi. It's the 21st century, guys! It's a good place to hang out for a few hours with a friend or do some non-computer-requiring work, but the lack of wifi is seriously limiting.A decent coffeehouse with lots of seats & tables for working, but there's no WiFi, which makes it kind of a useless cafe if you want to do work. Both of the green teas sold here were very refreshing though.Best coffee in philadelphia located in a no-frills cafe. In fact, there isn't even a menu. A small selection of pastries and caffeinated drinks. But definitely come here for the coffee, smooth and well-priced.It's been a while since I've come to this La Colombe, but it hit the spot on a chilly evening after a day of exploring. The space is warm, with a decent scattering of tables and benches in a cozy space (right on the edge of cramped but not quite there). I got a hot chocolate with almond milk, which was on point -- very chocolate forward without being too sweet. My friend got their classic drip coffee (a dark roast) with milk and was pleased with the quality. We couldn't resist a bit of something sweet, so split a canele -- a cylinder-shaped French pastry with a deeply caramelized exterior and a surprisingly light and lemony interior. It was my first and it was a worthy indulgence.
There is no posted menu, so the ordering can be a little confusing. But the baristas are knowledgeable and even gave me tastes of their different drip options to help me decide.
I've also seen this place quite crowded with laptop squatters as well as people meeting with friends -- probably because it's right off of Rittenhouse Square -- so we lucked out in finding a spot.Update: We've returned several times since my original post-renovation review. The service has been more efficient, and I've bumped it back up to a 5.
This is the older post:
The renovation is lovely, the coffee still the same, but it's 3:30 with the Craft Fair going on at Rittenhouse, and LaColombe has the most inefficient team working the bar. Incredibly inefficient and kind of scattered. 
The line, which usually moves really quickly, just crawled.
I usually get a sidecar iced coffee. This time the espresso sidecar was filled nearly to the top of the glass.  It is usually just a half-inch.Coffee and tea done properly. First time here and i was not disapointed. Will be going back.Great coffee house. They have cold coffee and cold latte on tap. Not a gimmick- really good stuff. Get the Black and Tan (no sugar added) and feel good about your choice of caffeination.Todd, what can I say... you simply have the BEST coffee out there. (Thanks to Continental restaurant for introducing me to this mighty cup of Joe YEARS ago!)  Your hard work and dedication are to be commended. I just hate when I say to someone: "You NEVER had La Colombe before?"       I just don't get it, why aren't more people in LOVE with your cup of goodness?  I HEART with all of MY HEART La Colombe. xo xo xo xo xo xo
Learn more about Todd, the master of coffee perfection.
http://lacolombe.com/foundersGreat spot for all casual affairs!
This location is perfect if you just want to grab a cup of great coffee to go, or if you prefer to enjoy it inside - there is ample seating space to sip at your leisure.
It is located within Rittenhouse area, so the parking will be tough. I typically park a few blocks south and work my way up. Walking in, the counter to order is right in front, and then the seating area is towards the left. Inside, it's upscale but casual, lots of tables and even small booths to get a group together for coffee and work. Many people seem to find this location ideal to open up their laptop and enjoy a good coffee. 
The coffee is what sells this place - great roasts, with bold, rich flavors. As you walk in you can smell the amazing scents - and it tastes just as great as it smells!
The workers are pretty friendly and the menu is lean so it doesn't get too confusing when putting in your order. The feeling I got was that if I became a regular, the baristas would definitely start knowing my name and my order. It has that charm, which is pretty endearing. 
Overall definitely recommend this place and this brand of coffee - awesome stuff!Great coffee. The really care about what they are serving. They me decide what I should have, and he hit the mark.  I've been there twice now to have their Cuban coffee.  Ask them to put the cane sugar in the with the ground espresso beans!  I will be going there everyday during my 10 day stay in Philly.So they renovated the place and now it has more counter space. I thought now they possibly can fit in more baristas and improve the quality of the drinks. But I was deeply DISAPPOINTED again. We ordered two lattes, and the barista steamed the milk in a big pitcher then poured out both of them at once. So instead of two lattes, we got one has too much milk form like a cappuccino, and another one is basically hot coffee-flavored milk without much form. I would go to Joes or Elixir nearby instead.I LOVE LA COLOMBE!
Not all branches have the same interior, the Rittenhouse branch is really cozy - with beautiful tables that match the cups and saucers used. 
The Iced Almond Mocha was good! Not too chocolatey but not too bitter either. It was just right. 
And the croissant was really good too! I've never tasted bad almond croissant but I guess I could say this is one of the best. 
Definitely going to their Fishtown branch to get a hold of that Draft Latte!I checked La C. Coffee out on a recent visit from DC. I liked the coffee, but didn't love it and found it annoying that there's no coffee menu, like they expect you to know it by heart. I felt old (which I kinda am) and distinctly unhip (which I am not). 
As a side note: Don't breathe in too deep, or you'll suffocate from the "parfum d'hipster."Quick service, good coffee! 
They actually have coffee/lates on tap (like in a keg on nitro), and let me try a sample.  Delicious.  Atmosphere is great.  All in all a very cool coffee place!I absolutely love this cafe.  When I first moved to Philly 2 years ago, I lived right across from this place and would stop by on my way to classes to grab a coffee.  Not only are they only $1.50 and you can get a refill for 50 cents, they have AMAZING pastries (my favorites are the almond croissants, blueberry tarts and pain au chocolat).  I also buy the Afrique beans for my french press at home and it is just as delicious.  A few times, the coffee hasn't been perfect or the cappuccino not as awesome, but the European atmosphere and the eclectic clientele make up for it.  There is no wifi and the tables are small, but I still can get some work done in here and prefer to meet up with friends here since it's pretty big and there's always a free seat.  There are very few working plugs so bring a book if your laptop battery doesn't last very long.  Also, the iced coffees here are amazing.  Only $2 and they always put a shot of espresso in it.  They also accept cash or credit card no matter how small the bill is.I like it. They are a machine over there and this is definitely the place to pick up coffee in the Rittenhouse area. 
For two bucks you get a delicious iced or hot coffee and I can't complain about that.
It's always busy so I take mine to go. I suggest you do the same, Rittenhouse Square is only a block away! Enjoy it in the park!I had a quad expresso this morning, I really like this coffe shop. Nice prople and great service.  Better than my first visit but still learning to appreciate their blend,Delicious strong coffee, gorgeous Italian ceramic mugs, great big windows  and changing artwork on the walls. 
The croissants are incredible .Right off of Rittenhouse Square so if you can't get a seat or a table, you can take your coffee outside. All and all, one of the better coffeehouses in the city (cheaper and immeasurably better than Starbucks).
The only downside is the staff-- the baristas can carry a bit of an attitude at times...Great coffee! First time at La Colombe and got the draft latte. Never had a better latte before in my life! They also provide a counter with cream, sugar, syrup, etc... It's convenient, they have a bathroom, and people come to either chat or work on their laptops. Would love to stop by again!I just moved into the area and have been looking new places to go with good coffee. A friend turned me onto La Colombe. The coffee is great! Better yet the staff are very friendly and talkative ( not used to that). Now I'm in there so much, they already have my drink ready. Sweet! Thanks to te people of La ColombeMy boyfriend and I decided to come to the Rittenhouse Square location, because we already been to the new Fishtown location and wanted to check out this one.  We were not disappointed! We both got cappuccinos and they were delicious.  The place was very crowded, so seating choices were limited, but another couple left so we found a seat right away.  La Colombe provides that cozy, relaxing coffee shop vibe we love.  
Delicious coffee and a nicely decorated joint - it's hard to be disappointed!The iced coffee is delicious and only $2. You can get La Colombe coffee all over Philly, but I like going here because the staff is so incredibly friendly. It's a nice way to start the day!If you hate American coffee (especially Starbucks) but shy away from gut-scortching Italian espresso, this place is for you.  If I lived in Philly, this place alone would convert me back to being a coffee drinker.
it's kind of like getting hooked on Motrin 800's...  
giving them up because you just we're "feeling it" any more...
and then having someone walk in and hand you a Percocet 10/350.
(I hurt myself a lot.  that was the best analogy I could come up with)LC,
Oh how I have loved you for almost 10 years now. I have never had a bad cup of coffee, espresso, late or double cap. You are perfection in every sense of the word. I don't even mind when you raise your price just please begin to offer larger to go cups though.  You are the best coffee shop in the country.  Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow morning.Store has developed the feel of a chain coffee shop but quality of coffee is still high. Friendly staff, fast service.Superior coffee, fast and friendly service.
Could definitely use an expansion or a second location nearby. It can be very difficult to get seating during certain times.Maybe i didn't order the right thing? I had a latte and it was decent but i couldn't taste as much of the espresso and tasted much of the cream from the latte art. My friends got the drafts and it was also just ok in my book. Perhaps i would appreciate the pour overs more but one would expect all the coffee drinks to be solid in a coffee house. It looked like their drink menu was limited to pour overs, espresso latte, and drafts so none of the pizzaz of Sbux. Drinks were kinda pricey for the size and quality imho.
The space was free and inviting. In fact most of the tables were filled. The large windows allowed for lots of light which was great on a sunny day like that day.Doesn't anyone work in this city? If not, and they have a New York Times, a MacBook, and lots of black clothing, they're at La Colombe in the morning.
Generally, the line goes out the door. But the service by the 3-day-stubble beautiful boys is spot on. They make the orders lickety-split. And their full tip jar is testimony to how they rock and roll. 
Really great part? Real creme in a china creamer. Long spoons. Granular brown sugar. And a saucer even if you're getting a cup to go.
Get the cappuccino. Their froth is the best in Philly.What can I say that hasn't already been said? Perfect coffee, perfect execution. As far as the space itself, I wish it were bigger and that there were more outlets around, but this is only a tiny gripe.
I'll also vouch for the incredibly nice baristas! Great service and very welcoming.They have the amazing latte on draft. It's the best latte I've ever had. They also offer a fantastic coffee selection if you're not into latte.
Busy all the time, would not go there to study/work because I prefer a very calm atmosphere. And because of the location, being always crowded, sometimes you may luck out in finding a spot.Simply put best & cheapest cappuccino.  I love the atmosphere & everyone working there has been very friendly so far.Hands down best coffee in the city. Their coffee is avail at many bakers snd other coffee houses throughout the city so if you cant make it here try their location across from city hall or fishtown. Also avail a Termini's bakerie and OCF coffee houses, and OLD Nelson locations just to name a few. Smooth rich flavor that is far superior to Starbucks. They also have a plethora of fresh baked pasties that compliment their beverage collection perfectly. A local Philadelphia gem.Great coffee. Always a bit crowded but the coffee always makes up for it.HOW COULD ANYONE RATE LA COLOMBE LOWER THAN A 5??? I take pilgrimages here from NY just for a cappuccino!
Let's just say, they make the best coffee drinks on the east coast. Foam is like whipped cream and the espresso is perfectly rich and smooth. I am a cafe hopper and have conversed about La Colombe with people from all over the country, and it has been agreed upon my restaurant owners and friends alike, that it is THE BEST. 
I often buy the pound bags of coffee here to bring home. They just opened one in NY, so now I don't have to stock up, but this one in Philli still can't be beat.I first got into La Colombe coffee from the cans they sell at the supermarket but this was my first time at a store.  I tried the triple shot draft latte and it was so smooth and light and even better than the can when you drink it on tap.  I also tried the Black and Tan which is half latte and half black cold brew coffee and it was good too but I prefer the latte.  They have coffees and sell some pastries but I'm coming back for more lattes.I really like the simplicity of La Colombe, it has a quiet buzz about it and the baristas know what they are doing. There are no sizes and no menu present, but the prices are fair and you will not see the starbucks spoon foaming done on your cappuccino here at all. Can you really hate on simplicity?
I haven't experienced snotty-ness as all, as others have mentioned either. I've witnessed customers explaining what they'd like in a drink and suggestions being made. Again, this place is about classic simple drinks- why break what's not broken?
With weather like we have been having, I know I'll be around more to grab the double latte I have become used to here.Always jammed but the line moves quickly and the coffee is still the best I've ever tasted. The cappuccinos lattes are special. They really have it down pat - no wonder all of the top restaurants serve their coffee, it's THAT GOOD!Great coffee spot. Love their cold brew in the summer! Also love stopping by and catching up there with friends. They refill your coffee for a discount. On weekends it definitely is a long line but they are pretty quick.Quite good! Lives up to the hype, at least the black and tan does. Good service!I love La Colombe and I am on a mission to visit all of their locations! 
This location was really busy when I came in because it seemed to be the central location for the hustle and bustle of crowds. Inside, there are plenty of seats to make it a perfect place to meet up with people or catch up with old friends. Sadly, although there were plenty of small tables and seats, I found it difficult to do work in here. It was too hectic inside! There was a lack of outlets and too many people were coming in and out of the store that it became too distracting to focus! I'd come back here but to only grab a cup of coffee to-go.I remember the days when I used to drive all the way from Fishtown to Rittenhouse every morning for a cup of La Colombe, through sleet, snow, and hurricanes. And then I got a $301 parking ticket out front, like an idiot, and that put a stop to that for a few weeks....just as every cafe in Philly started carrying your coffee. Of course they would, your coffee is like black liquid gold. That and, I can just brew my own at home. 
But whether I'm getting it from some other little cafe, my own kitchen or from La Colombe itself, all I drink is La Colombe. But I will say, their amazing bean-brainiac baristas, non-pretentious attitude about great coffee, and a perfectly brewed cup every time makes it worth the parking nightmare to stop by La Colombe Rittenhouse for your morning pick-me-up. 
Only downside is the lack of wi-fi as it's such a convenient spot for a quick meeting but I totally get that the library/cubicle vibe isn't what you're going for. From the local art to the mosaic tables and mugs, it's the right place to pop in for 20 minutes of caffeinated creative stimulation before rushing back out into the rat race.Amazing coffee...
but the service sucks! on several occasions, the baristas have just been overly pretentious to the point of being rude! to me, and several other customers. when i asked about wifi, one barista scoffed and said "please, we don't do that here." he laughed, looked at the other barista and said, "she just asked about wifi." the other barista then laughed. WTF?! this is a collegetown is it not?! my boyfriend also told me that the baristas made a sweet old man feel embarrassed about asking for sweetener instead of sugar. they're just a tag team of awful - the one who wears the hat and the vest, and the one with an accent. 
i feel weird saying that i'd rather go to the starbucks less than a block away, over la colombe. even studying at the starbucks (with sofachairs!) is way, way more comfortable than at la colombe. The coffee is definitely expensive, but it is quite good. I can't give this place 4 or 5 stars because the service is just that obnoxious.I was pretty excited to try La Colombe after my friend told me it was featured on the Travel Channel. Upon walking in, I instantly liked the feel of it. There was the smell of good coffee, warm and inviting decor, cute mugs for people enjoying their coffee in the shop, and cool art hanging on the walls. There was even a fancy water station with not only options of room temperature or cold water, but sparkling water too! 
There was no menu so I went with my go-to order of an americano. It had a great bold flavor. I liked that when they handed it to me it was presented with a saucer and spoon to add my cream/sugar right at the counter. My friends got lattes which were equally flavorful with a good amount of creaminess. I was only in Philly for a few days but visited La Colombe 3 times that's how much I liked it!Since we drank La Colombe Coffee at one of my Brunch places, curious to see where this one was, & maybe get a bag of coffee to brew at home. My Friend & I  walked around Rittenhouse square and there it was, right near the park. 
As you enter, on left just little sitting tables, where you see people reading Sunday paper, couple had laptops. The coffee and tea were in these eclectic mugs with almost paisley design, very Parisian. As we looked, saw least 4-6 different versions of the La Colombe coffee ranging from Decaf to full bodied. 
Corsica - Perfect for Filter Brew
Nizza - Best Suited for Espresso
Phocea - A French Press Favorite
Monte Carlo - Full Body Decaf
We got the Nizza-It had a Caramel & nutty flavor.
Can't wait to see how it tastes in my french press as well as my Brew machine!!!  It was in my car, left the most Scintillating smell that illuminated my car.The Woff it just consumed you. Mmmm-mmm!!
They did have small case , couple pastries, but this place is mostly Coffee & tea.My favorite latte can be found right here.  I moved to Philly a little over 2 years ago, and one of my first experiences was sitting at La Colombe sipping on that latte I just ordered.  I was really surprised at how good it was.  Not that I was expecting something bad, but really, I thought that was the best latte I'd ever had.  I hardly needed to put any sugar in it (for example, at Starbucks, I usually put in 1.5 - 2 packets of sugar to wash away the bitterness).  
Anyway, I won't pretend to be a coffee aficionado.  I'm not.  But I'll just say that, for what it's worth, I love La Colombe coffee.  And I come back regularly to buy their packs (Corsica blend) to brew at home in my french press.
The actual cafe is a nice place to study if you can tolerate the noise and/or have headphones.  But seating can be kind of difficult to come by.  It gets crowded here.This review is strictly for the coffee. This stuff is like to crack to me. It is worth every dollar of it's $13 a pound price. For reals.
The shops themselves I can take or leave, the seating is weird and it's weird overall, uncomfortable. But holy shit did you nail that coffee, La Colombe. Don't ever, ever go anywhere.This is the best coffee available in the USA. Having lived in Brazil for 6 years, I developed a taste for strong espresso style coffee. Although different from Brazilian coffee, La Colombe Coffee satisfies with quality and flavor. The atmosphere here is very nice with gorgeous ceramic tables and matching china cups and saucers. A great place to relax and sip a cappuccino.I've been drinking La Colombe for years and I have been twice disappointed with the Nizza espresso here. The first time I visited this location I ordered a cortado/gibraltar, excited since I hadn't had La Colombe in a year and a half, and I was feeling nostalgic. I already knew something looked wrong from the darker color of the coffee swirled in the milk. It was burnt (yes i know the color of the crema doesnt matter but it does matter if it normally is lighter and the same coffee) I drank it, but I didn't enjoy it. I probably should've said something, but alas I didn't and checked it off as a bad one-off... 
A few weeks later (a month maybe?) I return to the same location and decide to order an espresso. The Nizza once again. Giving it another chance to redeem itself. The barista started talking to me, asking me questions, trying to have a conversation while he was pulling the shot, maybe that's what killed it. I took my coffee and sat down with the rest of my party already having noticed that the "crema" was very dark, not a definite sign of "burnt" but i could smell it. One other person in my group also had his coffee (their regular drip) burnt as well. Even less drinkable than mine. To the point where he, a person who basically never takes anything back, took it back (which they did when they smelled it and realized it was really burnt). I had already chugged half of mine so i decided to stomach it again... 
Maybe they're fazing out their Nizza? And I should try their new single origin? Next time I will. Stick to the craft coffee my friends... La Colombe atmosphere is so nice, their pastries delicious, but I don't dare try their Nizza ever again at this location. Will update my review next time I'm in town.Great coffee drinks, great pastry (Asiago cheese-anything always wins my favor).  Reasonable prices and very popular with the sit-down-laptop-or-newspaper table squatters and the walk-in crowd that, judging by the efficiency of the line - knows how to navigate this popular spot.I am done with this place. While the coffee is excellent, the barista's are total a-holes. Yesterday, I was next in line, and the barista bypassed me, and placed the order for the guy behind me that appeared to be a regular. Really? I was in shock. There was no apology, nor was there any eye contact when he finally took my order. The barista's were more interested in chatting with the regular folks than finishing up with my order. This is not the first time this has happened, and I am not returning. Total morons running this place. I don't care how good your coffee is. If you don't know how to treat customers, there is no need for me to give you my business.I've been going to La Colombe forever, so this review is long overdue.  I got to know all of the baristas there because I spent nearly every day there, working on my grad thesis.  They're pretty awesome because they usually know what I'm going to have before I get to the front of the line.
Their coffee is outstanding and somewhat addictive, to the point that if I'm out of town I refuse to drink coffee.  It has a really rich flavor, and they brew it to perfection.  As someone noted earlier, their lattes can be on the lukewarm side, so if you like things piping hot, tell them to make it "extra hot" and they're more than happy to oblige.
Although people find their lack of menu intimidating, the baristas are more than happy to tell you what they have available.  Basically, it's anything coffee-related, but don't ask for flavors or crazy milk.  They don't have it.  They have bittersweet molten chocolate that they use to make hot cocoa and mochas-- yum!  They usually have a great selection of pastries and goodies-- try the tarts or a croissant; they are all really delicious.
One of the drawbacks of the place is that they don't have wifi or a ton of electrical outlets for computers.  That is a blessing in disguise for me, because I get very distracted by procrastinating on the web, so I purposely go there to work because I know I'll sit there and write rather than checking my email every few minutes.  It's not conducive for everyone's style of working, however.We stayed a few blocks from this coffee shop last weekend and stopped in on Sunday morning. I have two words: Latte.Draft. 
It was the most unique coffee drink I've ever had, very light and airy which is hard to imagine for coffee, but trust me, you have to try it! I would come again and everyone should try!Simply the best neighborhood coffee shop.
-The baristas are charming and excellent at their trade
-The actual shop is small, but forces you to get friendly with your neighbors
-The pastries are scrumptious
-And the coffee products? EXCELLENT.If Monica, Rachel, Phoebe, Chandler, Ross, and Joey* knew what was good for them, they would have packed up their stuff, (recliners, dog statue, yellow frames et all) and moved down to Rittenhouse where they could frequent La Colombe for some fancypants coffee.
This isn't 1997 in some NBC studio though.  It is 2013.  It is real life where I am a girl who gave up on the feeling of ever being sufficiently caffeinated.  Long gone are the days when a simple cup of coffee could give me a flutter in my heart and some gas in my tank.  I know caffeine is a drug because it used to make me so high and by high I mean euphoric.  It is a legal drug afterall and boy was I an addict.
Nowadays, I settle on just functioning with a cup of coffee and Dunkin and Wawa are acceptable means to an end.  I haven't felt the surge of caffeine in years, but this week that changed.  On a quick lunch break, I was treated to the presence of Aaliyah P (who delivers a burst of energy to all who surround her anyway).  She bought me my first cup of iced coffee from La Colombe.  I was happy to see simple syrup and all sorts of fun additives to make an already cup of iced joe better.  
Back at the office, I began to feel something.  That flutter in my heart that left me in my early 20's after all my all-nighters came back to me.  I didn't know I could feel this way again.  And of course, I needed to feel it again and again like a true addict.  So 2 days later I went back and found myself in a blissful state again. it only cost me $2...I'm done for.  Sure, this too will pass and I will become numb again, but for now, I have found my liquid joy again. 
*Apologies for such a dated reference, but I just recently got cable and learned that Friends is on pretty much any time of the day.  Should you need a Central Perk fix, you needn't look too hard....and apparently I have now confessed two shameful addictions.My favorite thing to do before work is to grab a cappuccino, sprinkle brown sugar on my foam and enjoying the rich taste. Staff are always friendly. 
BEST COFFEE SHOP IN PHILLY. Only 4 stars because they don't have WIFI.Coffee is good and ambiance is nice.
Great place to meet up with friends or to study.I really enjoy informed people. Nothing kills me more than when staff aren't able to answer my questions or give recommendations. The staff at La Colombe are well versed in coffee, and don't rush you along despite the always long lines.
I studied in Australia for 6 months and have been craving their flat white for years. I've tried to order this in other coffee shops but always get the wrong thing. I stopped in La Colombe this past weekend and realized that if anyone was going to make me a good flat white, it'd be the baristers there. Lo and behold...a perfect flat white, with a delicious biscotti to dunk in. We sat at a table and enjoyed our coffee and some people watching. 
I love the cups and saucers, as well as the tiles on the tables. Also love the latest edition of the city prints covering the walls. I don't necessarily love the coffee they brew there, I feel it always tastes burnt...but when I want to treat myself to a specialty drink I always stop in.Great place to meet up with friends. Lots of seating space compared to other coffee shops!
I am not from the area, but for the 1 hour I was there, La Colombe had a constant stream of people rolling in.Incredible. Cappuccino here is truly the way to start a Philadelphia morning, whether sitting in the park or enjoying the warm interior and vibrant ceramic mugs.
La Colombe espresso expertise is too good to downgrade because of a supposed tiff with the baristas. Get over yourself and drink this ridiculously good coffee at a ridiculously good price. Not that price is a focal point as there is no menu...really appreciate this touch the more I visit.
Note to those who like it extra-hot: beverages can be on the lukewarm side, so make sure to specify when you order.
Best coffeehouse in the city.La Colombe serves third wave coffee with a colonial revival meets turn of the century billiard room ambience; dark wood, marble, evergreen palette. Walking all day in the city of brotherly love and I was glad to take a seat, have a cup and plan my next excursion. 
I ordered a Sumatran espresso, an in house roast called Red Badger, and found a corner table.  My order was ready quickly, though it would have been worth a wait.  Light, partly sweet, mellow acidity, hints of almond and grape with a bright/tangy finish.  The baristas were fast, friendly and focused even with a steady stream of patrons. 
One feature I quite enjoyed was the sparkling water on tap.  Not only does it add an air of refinement but the effervescence cleanses ones palate.
My only complaint is that with such finesse and attention given to their coffee they were using Wawa milk for the latte's, cappuccinos, etc.  It feels a bit like going to your favorite artisan bakery, ordering a croissant fresh from the oven and then slathering it in Smucker's.  Pennsylvania has several fantastic dairy farmers (Trickling Springs immediately springs to mind) dedicated to producing flavorful and sustainable organic milk.  The final product would taste better, support local agriculture and connect the patrons with their surrounding community.   While the espresso was great, I wouldn't order a dairy based beverage.I'm a coffee roaster. I'm a coffee guy. I'm a barista. I'm a decent guy and I thought this place served super shitty coffee. the service was terrible except for one guy there who made my drink. He was friendly and attentive. The cashier, an attractive european woman was super unfriendly and could care less about anything but herself. The coffee is burnt, meaning roasted way too dark, it was oily and I took seriously only two sips and had to throw it out.
I come from an east coast AND west coast coffee background and I thought for all the hype this place had the worst coffee I have ever had. STRAIGHT UP.
The design was old school beautiful, but I was disappointed after all the talk about La Colombe.
They have potential, but not with that coffee and service.Not for vegans.
The coffee here is really delicious. I had an iced coffee, and it was one of the richer brews I've had in a while.  The service is very attentive, and friendly.  However, there is no soy milk in the place, so I had to have it with half and half.  Not sure why they say no to soy milk, but that was disappointing.
The place has a European chicness to it, and is a nice place to sit and people watch.While perusing open houses in Rittenhouse my mom and I decided we needed to sit and drink. Noticing that it was early we decided it wasn't quite 5 o clock somewhere for us and so we stopped in here for some coffee! 
I actually didn't want anything because in general coffee is too heavy for my sensitive stomach. My mom was not to be challenged though. Haha she brought me a latte and at first I was like aww that's sweet but ugh. Then I sipped. And I kept sipping! The temperature was perfect. Hot but drinkable! (I hate when I get a drink and I have to wait 15 minutes to drink it.) The flavor was wonderful and the atmosphere was really cute too. 
The reason this place gets 4 stars is because there isn't wifi, and they didn't have any kind of other pastries. A biscotti would have been perfect to dunk instead of whatever that cake they have was.There's a reason why this place is always packed and why so many other coffee shops in Center City brew their coffee. Their coffee is the best, there's a great ambience, and a friendly staff. I find myself going to La Colombe multiple times a week. Not an ideal studying spot because there's no wi-fi and only a couple of outlets. But, it's still the best coffee shop in town.While I am passing by i decided to take a cup of coffee to go, I knew other options on the neighborhood but I found them on my way. I loved the Americano and the price is so reasonable. the place is busy and it is not that kind of coffee shop you want to sit in and enjoy your coffee. It is a place to grab your cup and go, and who want to sit indoors while the Rittenhouse Square is a few steps anyway!
I must say the services is good although they might be slow sometimes but you get what you paid for. Last note their location on Penn Square is more friendly and good for sitting.Yum, yum, yum. I love La Colombe coffee, and this is the original place dedicated to serving just that. It's often super packed, which is a good sign, methinks, of how enjoyable it is to take a break, sit for a while, and enjoy a lovely cup of coffee.
One thing is that they don't have soy milk. I went through a brief (thank god) period of lactose intolerance and was forced to fish out a lactaid tablet so I could enjoy my coffee properly milked. Aside from that, all is well in La Colombe land.The espresso here is definitely just okay. It's not as good as Joe's, which is also only good, not amazing. Philadelphia is not a coffee city. Things seem to be improving here, but Philly still has catching up to do compared to other North American cities.
La Colombe is probably one of the best two or three coffee roasters in the city and their beans are available widely in stores throughout the city.
At home, I own an automatic espresso machine (a Gaggia) as well as a Chemex pour-over carafe. I don't really think La Colombe's espresso is good enough for me to buy and make at home. But, some of their other roasts are good enough that I will buy the Afrique blend to make in Chemex. 
At around $10 for a 12 oz. bag of beans, the price isn't bad considering the quality. I think the coffee that The Head Nut, also a local roaster, offers is just as good as La Colombe, if not better. The Head Nut's prices vary by blend, but are slightly cheaper than La Colombe. With La Colombe you pay a bit more for their bourgeoisie branding experience, but at least the product tastes good.Old school in a good way. 
No wifi - no lap top monopolies at the tables. 
This place is about foot traffic volume and good coffee. The people working the counter are cool and they bust it to keep things moving as people walk in the door. 
No menu. Just coffee the way you ask for it and French pastries. 
Great place.Cute coffee shop with great service. Sometimes it's packed and hard to find a seat but just wait a few minutes then take your turn at a table enjoying a real good drink out of a real mugThis is my go to coffee spot down in the square. Usually busy but I can find a seat. Reasonably priced coffee with a distinct flavor. Friendly young/hip staff that doesn't make you feel uncomfortable or unwelcome like some places can. Love the oat milk! Love the clean water station and the clean spacious bathroom! Also the ham and cheese croissant was amazing! So close to 5 stars!hands down the best in the city.  their prices are half that of starbucks, and the milk foam designs are twice as beautiful!   I go out of my way to go to la colombeTaking a star off now because their food service hours have changed...cant get the lunch menu after 2:30...only the grab and go items which are not as good. Also looks like they have majorly scaled back the menu items which is very disappointing. They also need to do something about serving lattes and cappuccinos which are not hot enough. Oh and parking around here has become very difficult...Great coffee and food! This location has a great atmosphere and lots of space to have a good cup of coffee and relax. I had the eggs with biscuit and gravy with a draft latte and it was delicious! There is a lot of seating and the bathrooms were kept clean. Overall the service was great and all 6 of us got our food at a pretty decent time. I will definitely come again next time in in town.Great space. No wifi. Long weekend lines. No coffee menu. Not the best customer service.I'll be back.  I'm sure the biscuits and gravy are an early heart attack waiting to happen.  But soooo worth it.  Delicious. And awesome space as well.Can you say overwhelmed?! 
As a coffee fan I was a bit in awe of the size of this place. 
It's a coffee shop but, on steroids. 
From artisan buns and rolls to coffees and lattes, LA Colombe has a little something for everyone. 
My only suggestion would be for anyone on their first visit, you should stroll up to the counter and take a menu prior to getting in line.  It explains their sizing and flavors so that you aren't looking stuck when it's time to order. 
Drink up!I love the coffee here, but the food is also amazing. I never had anything that I did not like. The sandwiches are amazing- loved the grits with bacon and eggs. And while you're here, pick up a loaf of freshly baked baguette. It does get pretty crowded on weekend mornings, but by about 1 pm Saturday, you're golden.Been making Lacolombe at home for about a year and finally took a ride to the Fishtown Cafe. So glad i did. Food was great and coffee was even better. Had a hand pour Yemen and it was perfect, highly recommended. Wife had a cappuccino with a perfect heart of cream on top. Worth the 45 minute ride from NJ!!!Pros:
Their savory menu is delicious.  The corsica coffee roast is by far my favorite.  
Mediocre:  
Their baked goods are OK.  Sometimes if you don't stand at the counter they forget about your drink order.  However, they are quick to offer a pastry at no charge.  
Con:   
No internet.  Overpriced.My friend and I ordered drinks and they said they would call our name. After 15 minutes, we walk up to the counter to ask for our drinks and the barista said they've been sitting here for a while.....they literally did not call our name or made no effort to look for us (the place is huge). Drinks were not anything special and over priced.I would give zero stars if it I could. This was not an experience at La Colombe but an experience that I had outside my house. It's 5 am on a Monday morning and a generator starts going outside my house. I brush it off and go back to bed. Here at 8 am or so there are 30+ people outside of my house talking and sitting on my steps being rude and loud as well as TWO food trucks (hence the generators). The house next to me has a studio so they must have been shooting something. However it is inexcusable to have that amount of people outside at 8 am being as loud as they were and leaving trash all over my steps and sidewalk. Can't say I will ever go to La Colombe for anything.From the moment you walk in the door this place is top notch. The decor is rustic modern from the door all the way to the amazingly clean bathrooms. There wasn't quite enough seating for those inside but we found a table by the time we had ordered our food at the counter. We had grilled cheese, a belt breakfast sandwich and a French dip. My husband had ordered a coffee which we did have a bit of trouble with (you are supposed to pick up your coffee at the counter when your name is called but they didn't mention that at register and the place was super busy so we didn't even hear). The food was a bit on the pricey side but it was phenomenal. The sandwiches were all on fresh bread and the ingredients were very obviously fresh as well. If I'm ever in philly again, definitely gonna look this place up.Food, drinks, and atomsphere was amazing! Order the Ham and Butter to go along with a cup of latte and it was the perfect match. Even though the sandwich was buttery and full of fatness the latte balanced the taste out. Had to get a chocolate chip cookie snd chocolate sugar cookie to go and that was def the best choice! Along with that I brought home a chocolate bar for $7 and it was totally worth it. 70 percent cacao plus 10 percent coffee bean! Amazing for dark chocolate lover !!I popped in a couple weeks ago for a coffee, and had an amazing dark roast coffee.  Then I found out they distill their own rum, so I had to try that, too... wonderful!  I didn't need food, so I had a brownie... WOW was it amazing.  Just perfect.
I'm looking forward to going back and trying more of their menu options.  
As with many of the other reviews, one of the main "pluses" to this place is the incredible atmosphere.  Their coffee and such are out of this world, but it's also sort of an 'event destination' in and of itself.  
The personnel was incredibly friendly, too.  No snobbery or Philly attitude here - just as welcoming and open as one could ever hope for.  The fellow who I assume was the manager for the day, eventually took me on a tour of their test lab upstairs, where they are trying out new things all the time, and where they teach classes on home brewing (of coffee) and latte art.
There is clearly a major passion for coffee here - and for quality service with a smile.
Can't wait to go back!This place has a cool vibe, offers lots of seating and has tasty food. 
But it's a bit pricey considering all of the nearby competition. Despite the great decor, I still get a snooty vibe from the space as well as the staff. 
Cherry on top that will make this my last visit? No wifi. I get that you get faster turnover without offering wifi, but I was also planning on working hear for a few hours and figured I'd revisit the counter at least 2-3 times. 
You have enough appeal to stay in business, but not to keep long lasting customers.I love this La Colombe Cafe! It's so bright and vivid, they also make their own bakery goods in the shop. They also brew rum there too... WHATttttTTTTttTtt!!! Great visit.As a native Phialdelphia, perhaps I should feel some level of shame for ignoring the La Colombe flagship store for this long. I've enjoyed La colombe coffee at shops all around the city, but I have to admit, not many do it as well as these baristas. The latte had a smooth, creamy texture which gave it a chocolate milk-like quality. Shots were pulled to perfection, nothing bitter at all. The grits had a good balance of cheese and the rest of the food offerings sounded equally appetizing. Overall, great experience, it was busy but didn't feel it at all. The only downside is parking, but compared to other areas of the city I consider going around the block a few times to find a spot pretty epic. If you haven't checked it out yet, make some time to venture down to Fishtown and show them some love.Just fantastic! Great service. A queue the DMV should mimic, and treats for everyone. The coffee left me wet and wanting more. I just have to try the whiskey. I loved the decor and the collaboration brew with Yards and Einstock. Just fantastic!The coffee and the environment is great. But the service is terrible in my point of view. The cashier and people who made the coffee are very inpatient. The line is always long and it seems that they don't care if you need a bit extra milk or something.One of those tv places. But pretty good things other than the traditional coffee. Try the house rum.I love this coffee shop in NYC. Whenever I visit Philly, it's the only coffee I would get. This location is huge and it even has lunch/happy hour menu. I like all the coffee on the menu. They are the best!Cool location, lots of room. Friendly staff. Slow service at the register. No table service. Waited in line for skillet for 10 minutes only to be told that the kitchen closed 10 minutes early and wouldn't make them. So hungry, so pissed. Won't be back any time soon.After leaving hungry yesterday due to a miscommunication, (register person said I could order because the kitchen was closing in ten minutes but what he meant to say was that it was opening in ten minutes...), I decided to try again today to give it a fair shot.
The pumpkin scone I had yesterday was ah-ma-zing, fresh baked and still warm!
Today's updated review: Great spot, great coffee, cool staff and drum roll... The biscuits and gravy skillet was delicious albeit a little pricey for 2 eggs and 1 biscuit ($12)-Not atypical of city brunch though. 
I'll be back to try out the other items I'm sure! And the rum!The coffee here is unbelievable. The best tasting coffee I've ever had. This location is definitely worth the visit. It's so cool inside. Such a great place to be on a Saturday or Sunday morning but very busy.Way, way back in the 80s in NYC, they had this chi-chi industrial restaurants who serve little bit of foods.  (And, cocaine.  Hey, the little bit of foods wasn't the point).   What a disappointment this La Colombe.  Coffee, foods and situation were 'ehhh' or 'so-so'.No WiFi??? 
Good coffee, but what coffee shop doesn't have WiFi these days? 
Normally I'd give a company minimum three stars, but that's such a huge thing these days, so don't even feel it's worthy of three.Food is AMAZING and their draft latte is delicious. Love coming here for my husband' birthday breakfast!Such a gorgeous and homey open air space.  Plenty of seating for everyone.  You don't feel cramped like other coffee establishments.  I've never been disappointed with any La Colombe brew.  Easily a top fave in the city.  The pastries are delish, i remember devouring a brownie-like goodie.  The cappuccino was divine.  The husband easily enjoyed their rum.  If you want to impress guests.  This would definitely be a place to bring them to.  BTW, even the bathrooms are gorge.My favorite place in Philly. Great aesthetic. Mind blowing coffee. Don't miss it. Its. Let like the other locations. It looks like a brewery.Crazy hipster but good. The Biscuits & Gravy are amazing and the Black and Tan nitro coffee is some of the best I've ever had...and I'm from Seattle.We did a quick day trip to Philly and needed a spot to grab a coffee. As we walked in, we witnessed other people eating what looked like incredible breakfast. We had to order something to eat to go with our half and half cold brew. The biscuits and gravy with scrambled eggs were on point. We even purchased some beans to brew at home. La Colombo is the best!What's there left to say that hasn't already been said? Awesome vibes, the space is huge, friendly people, great coffee. Philly knows how to do it.La Colombe Coffee (Fishtown flagship location) gets 5 stars. I've had (and enjoyed) countless variations of latte with cow milk, oat, almond, soy, rice and pistachio milk ("drink" for sticklers) and the oat milk draft latte made for me today is the best latte I have ever had. Slightly thicker yet smoother and lighter how-did-they-do-that foam can stand up to even the frothiest nitro, but the real magic happens when the first gulp hits your tummy. Serendipitously fun for any espresso lover. This drink isn't for Philly, it's for Sodom & Gomorrah.La Colombe in Fishtown is an uncommon space; a very large, very well designed cafe...though it's hard to simply call it a coffee shop.  They have a great variety of coffee and tea, pastries, and lunch items.  Everything is very well prepared, the service is good, and the room is unlike most coffee venues you'll find.  It's a very large, post-industrial space with soaring ceilings, exposed beams, and an assortment of communal tables, nooks, and other unique seating.  Worth a visit to sample some artisanal coffees, conversation, and people watching on a stretch of constantly evolving Frankford Ave.By the far the most gorgeous coffee shop space I have ever set eyes on. This should be a coffee landmark and must-see for anyone passing through Philly. La Colombe serves solid quality coffee and espresso beverages and have branched out with this magnificent space that also serves a nice variety of pastries, sandwiches, and salads though I stuck with  my usual order: a perfect skim mocha (not too sweet thankfully).
Though it is a big space it was completely full and I was able to find a spot to open up my laptop with a little bit of patience. Sadly, there is no wifi. Service could be a hair friendlier but I am sensing this is the trend when it comes to La Colombe for me.My boss and I went a few weeks after they opened! This place gets very high marks for interior design! It's huge, but it feels even bigger because of the high ceilings and open concept design. I'm glad there's no wifi here, because  it would attract too many laptop warriors, and this is too beautiful of a space to be used in such a way. I got the shrimp and grits, which was good, but a little pricy. And I got some pastries to go which were just bangin'. My boss and I both got a bottle of their specialty rum! It was really good, with a very present and complex coffee flavor to it! If you can put up with the ever present hipster vibe, we'll even if you cant, you should definitely visit this place, top notch!Came here the other day with my cousin. This place is huge! So many places to sit. I got an almond milk latte, which was great, a little foamy and almost a cappuccino but still good. I bought a bag of coffee beans, which was a little steep at $18 but the staff was very friendly and helpful while I was picking out a bag. Wish there was a location in central Jersey that I could frequent!The greatest coffee shop I ever did see!  We were in Philly for the day for a wedding this summer and a friend recommended we try the La Colombe draft lattes.  We wandered in an immediately wished we could transport it back to Seattle with us. Snagged a couple of cans of flavored draft lattes (they had a broad selection) and a nitro oat milk drip coffee. They let us sample the whole milk nitro draft coffee as well, and both were so light and airy...perfect for a warm day. Staff were on point - super friendly but knew the details about their coffee roasting process. We didn't try any pastries, but they looked awesome. Highly recommend!Why I didn't check this place out earlier is beyond me. First thing you are going to notice is that its huge and it is a coffee shop with a brewery feel to it. Second thing most likely you are going to notice is huge line of customer waiting to place an order. They offer all kinds of coffee and cool thing is they have it on tap just like beer. Other things you can purchase are all kinds of breads, pastries,  breakfast, lunch and beer. Yes its a coffee shop that serves beer. This place just hit a jackpot by combining my two favourite worlds into one. Inside decorations and design are amazing. It gives this place a character and its own vibe that cannot be found anywhere else. I love it I love it and will be a regular.I wish this was near where I lived, had to travel to Philly to try the draft latte(since then New York post of La Colombe has draft latte too).
This review is solely on the draft latte. 
It's like a milkshake------
delicious--------
The La Colombe in Fishtown is spacious, high ceilings and very stylish, the tiles has fish on them since its in Fishtown.I drink a lot of coffee, and one upside of that habit is that it has taken me to countless coffee shops all over the place. That being said, La Colombe's space is probably one of the largest and nicest of them all. It's beautiful, inviting, and bright. 
I visited on a bustling Saturday morning, but the line moved quickly and we were in and out in under 10 minutes. After hearing my friend talk about it, I decided to try the draft latte. I also ordered a coconut lemon scone for good measure. 
The latte was truly unique. It's creamy, foamy, and light. It's a cold drink but served without ice--though once I drank about half (and the remaining foam started to liquify) I found that dropping in a couple of ice cubes helped keep the last bit cold.
The scone was also delicious. It tasted very fresh, and had a good balance of sweetness. I love anything with a lemon glaze, and this was no exception. 
I'm already looking forward to my next visit!Lovely place - the warehouse like layout is spacious yet cozy. The cool air-con makes this location a nice respite from the Philly heat and humidity. Their draft coffee is delicious and I recommend the Black and Tan.
The bathroom is also quite large and clean. My next favorite stop after finishing my coffee.oh hey Fishtown, nice coffee shop! this is the swankiest brew house I've seen since Four Barrel in SF with the single drip, cold brew, and standard coffee as well as espresso. And super super yummy baked goods-- I recommend that cheesy bacon bread thing or the super cocoa-y coffee chocolate scone. 
The space is HUGE and thankfully has no wifi or else no one would ever leave. Big barn wood tables and counters leave tons of room for groups. 
Oh, and they have almond milk. :)If only I lived closer to here, I would come here more often to grab a cup of coffee and read or study.  We only got to sample a few of the desserts and everything was really good.  I'd be curious try their other food options.Pretty cool spot to pop by for a bite to eat or a fresh cup of brew. I had been familiar with their coffee (which was served in several local cafes), but hadn't had the occasion to come here yet. We ended up coming here on a Sunday for brunch after seeing that the wait for sit-down brunch spots with table service nearby were at least 1.5 hours!
Even though there was a small line for ordering, it was super fast and we were eating within no time! The menu is not the most extensive perhaps, but there were still quite a few options! I went with the bacon, eggs, and biscuits in gravy and definitely did NOT regret my choice as it was amazing! If you have a very large appetite, however, you might not be full after eating here as portions were quite small. 
Of course, I can't recommend more the coffee here as it is definitely tasty. Such a shame there's no free refills lol. You can get fresh water on tap, with or without carbonation.
Once you place your order, you take a number and seat yourself. Food is brought to your table, but coffee and drinks will be served at the counter top for you to grab.
The atmosphere here is clearly extra hipster, but really cool to look at and fun to just take in. The vibe is chill, and you'll find all kinds of people here. How do they not have free wifi here in 2016 though? Lol.Coffee. Beer. Cocktails. Sparkling water on tap. 
Please, for the love of God, come here.The decor is awesome! Some of the breads are ok. The experience is garbage. 
I went here on a rainy Monday. I walked up to the counter where there were 5 people working. It took a full 2min for someone to ask me what I wanted. "Large black coffee please." The young lady asked what kind and gestured to a sign next to the register. "The first one is fine" After another 2min of me standing there with my wallet open, one of the other women told me I could pick up my coffee on the other side. I stood there for almost 5min then decided to put my jacket down. Set-up my laptop. Get my note pad out. I went back for my coffee and it still wasn't ready. I went back to my laptop and tried to sign into the wifi. My coffee was now ready (almost 20min from when I arrived and only one other person got coffee in that time) and I asked for the wifi log in. I was told that they do not have wifi. As I handed my coffee back to the girls and asked for a to go cup, one came around the counter as I was packing my things and- I kid you not- said to me,
"If you have a second, I will explain why we don't have wifi. We want you to be in the moment when you are here"
I left, took my first sip of coffee, then walked into Lola bean. I asked the nice man there to throw away the over roasted battery acid I just tasted, and settled in with a good cup of coffee and got my work done. 
If the "moment" you are looking for is pretension, poor service and horrible coffee- this is the place for you. But it sure is a pretty space. Kudos to the designer.Oh man, this place is simply gorgeous. I headed over to Fishtown today specifically to grab a coffee and study here because of how nice the interior is. Old wood and white tile scream my name. Couple that with lots of space and nice music overhead, and you've made me fall in love. 
Besides enjoying the decor, I also grabbed a latte and some greek yogurt. The latte was pretty good and satisfied my caffeine cravings. The yogurt was delicious--vanilla greek yogurt with a pistachio granola and a little honey drizzled on top. Yum! 
I'm definitely coming back here (my new study-go-to spot?!), but next time I'll come with more of an appetite and will grab some solid food.Really nice atmosphere, and my husband loves the coffee and bread -- so hey, I guess that's what makes the place.
It's a little too overpriced for my tastes, and the cashier guy turned me off because he didn't give me a receipt, and when I asked for one, he ignored me and went on to the next customer.THE FOOD 
THE DRINKS
THE AMBIENCE 
WHERE DO I START!
Amazing staff
Amazing mix up on drinks
Amazing food 
A great to place to kill a few hours and do your thing
Will be back here again 
Just go visit this awesome place!!!!Such a beautiful place to have a coffee and some light lunch.i got pizza with pepperoni and honey and latte for drink.everything was delicious .not too loud not too quite inside,so I felt myself comfortable there doing my deals.recommended.Such a cool place. The place is really big but also stays busy. They make the best coffee/espresso drinks and bake fresh bread on site in a brick oven stove. They also have a robust food menu so you can totally stop in for  breakfast/lunch. I highly recommend checking this place out.Wow. Rum, coffee, baguettes, pastries, and soooo much space. I'm going to be here a lot.This appears to be coffee motherland for the caffeine fiends, and I enjoyed my experience. La Colombe is a huge cafe with that homey/warm feel to it. The place does get crowded, especially on a weekend, so be patient when arriving. I got an iced coffee and had to get a warm cinnamon roll since they looked so delicious. They have a good amount of space to have a seat to enjoy your coffee or to get some work done.
Their iced coffee has to be some of the best I have ever tasted. It was a great pick me up since I had a long day at the Fishtown Festival. The cinnamon bun was such a sweet and gooey treat. It was even better that it was sitting on a hot skillet. I was truly awe struck by the coffee distillery in the back, and it shows how much effort they put in their coffee. This is definitely one of the best cafes in Fishtown, and I would be here everyday if I lived in the area!Meh. La Colombe's reputation for good coffee is well deserved. The drinks, food, and ambiance at the Fishtown location don't disappoint. But the service was crap. It would be nice if someone actually looked at a customer when taking an order (instead of rudely talking to coworkers and making hand gestures that customers are supposed to understand). This  would also help them to a) keep track of the order of persons in line, and b) hand wads of change to the right customer (as nice as it was to have someone give me change for a 20, it didn't belong to me!). I'm much less inclined to patronize a place where it is clear my business is not appreciated, no matter how good it is. Let's get it together, La Colombe!Beautiful spot but my one criticism is that there is no outdoor seating. I'm sure they have a rational explanation but it would be 10 times better if it did.If I lived in Philly I would want to live near La Colombe and come here everyday for coffee, people watching, the bread, and to hang out. I live in NYC now, and would welcome one on my corner. 
I love how massive this space is. It's gorgeous! 
My hemp milk cappuccino was delish (though I would never have thought to use hemp in a vegan cappuccino). I also went crazy for the freshly baked bread. Especially the fig hazelnut. 
Thankfully my friend lives nearby, so next time I'm in Philly I can hang out at La Colombe again :)UPDATE: come here for brunch - get the French toast - it's the best I've ever had. It's thick, soft, buttery; everything my French toast dreams are made of. I also tried the Croque Madame, and it was equally incredible. The service is quick, and the food is delicious. It's a crazy good value for a casual brunch. 
Per usual, the staff is amazing and the draft latte is still the most amazing creation. 
I'm in LAAAVE with LA COLOMBE.Cozy , wooden interior super high ceilings had
Latte and it was very good , cafe is super big ,Great place. Breakfast was different and very good. 
Really a neat place. I wish they had these throughout the country. The breakfast was served on a "plank" and tasted great. 
They have a run distillation on the premise and I hope next time I can try some rum.Father's Day visit with my oldest today - started out with coffee, cookies, and a scone.  Had to wait for my ham & butter sandwich.  Place was packed, but for some reason hot food was not available for lunch...odd that this could actually happen on Father's Day or any 'normal' Sunday.  Regardless, the place is cool and the coffee damn good so I didn't see anyone 'leaving' despite the lack of food.  Will be back when life permits.Extremely spacious spot with high ceilings, wooden tables, and seating in the back to watch people bake La colombe's goodies in the back. My boyfriend loved the corsica drip coffee here and he typically isn't a big coffee person. I took a sip of it myself and liked how it was strong but not acidic. My latte had pretty latte art and was very smooth to drink. 
I love their extensive menu that caters to a breakfast/brunch palate and includes a variety of baked goods. I had a coconut lemon scone and it was the perfect amount for me for breakfast. The bread flight is definitely made for 2+ people and the three types of bread were different enough and delicious all the same. The BLT sandwich my boyfriend had ordered was a little dense on the bread side, but was a brolic sandwich for lunch. There are plenty of La Colombe's in NYC, but I guess since rent is expensive in the city, they can't quite be as extravagant as the la colombe in philly :(.This location is where you want to go if you want to show off Philly. I love how spacious it is and it invites you to grab a friend, have some cappuccinos and croissants. I love their cold brews too!Basically the biggest and most beautiful la colombe that I have ever seen!!!
My sister is a huge fan of la colombe and was super excited when we found this place. It's essentially a giant cafe/bakery/coffee shop all rolled into one. I didn't get a chance to try anything but the coffee but everything certainly looked tasty so there's that! The space here is beautiful and there is ample seating throughout. We stuck around only to finish our drinks and talk but there were a lot of people who have their laptops out here doing work. If I lived in Philly I would probably be here all the time...
I got a draft latte which was wonderful! It's creamy and foamy and dreamy! The staff here are also super nice! I was just asking someone what the draft latte was and then next thing I knew the barista handed me a sample! It was super yum. 
Overall this is a super cute place with delicious coffee. If you love la colombe you should definitely check it outMy daughter and I headed over to the new La Colombe HQ on a Sunday Afternoon. The new store is right on Frankford Ave in Fishtown.
This La Colombe is a lot different then the two Center City locations. First, the building is large, bright and open. There is plentiful seating and this location serves a decent variety of food. Customers order their food at the bar/register, there is not a waiter/waitress which is fine. They do have a menu of the food items and the sweets are on display also. This La Colombe, as with the other Philly locations, does not have a menu for coffee. They have all the basics but they don't have the flavored coffees and syrups, which in my opinion is a good thing. La Colombe coffee is fine how it is. They do have a take on Vietnamese Ice Coffee which I was unaware. This was excellent without being overly sweet. The rich coffee taste really came through. Hot coffee for dine-in is served in a ceramic cup and saucer.
I highly recommend any La Colombe. Their coffee is great and they are a local company to boot. Watch Dangerous Grounds on the travel channel to get an idea how La Colombe feels about their coffee. The show is pretty cool.Shame on me for assuming a coffee house would provide wifi as a courtesy add-on with the $4 cappuccino. It's 2017. Come on La Colombe, get with the program. I get maybe you're looking to keep seats turning over for new customers but those who want to linger have hotspots anyway so it defeats the purpose a bit (assuming I'm on point in the first place). I guess I know for next time? The coffee was good but the wifi thing is really irking me.Stunning spot!  Stopped in last night for a quick peek at this new spot and boy was I impressed!  Ordered a glass of their rum on the rocks which was lovely and it was happy hour!  $3.00 for a very smooth full bodied rum.
I only ate a prosciutto biscuit but it was divine.
Can't wait to head back!Boutique food that is worth the higher price. And don't forget the Different Drum! Be patient, you will find on-street parking. Then, a short walk to great food and atmosphere.It's beautiful. Truly a design wonder. But I'm just not cool enough to be here. 
So impressed. This place makes me feel shitty about everything in my life. My outfit. My apartment. My computer. I left with a coffee in a superior take out cup (I'm serious - even the lid was some design i'd never seen before) and I feel so frumpy and inadequate. At least I'm caffeinated.As far as coffee shops go, this one is worth going out of your way for. An absolutely huge interior with lots of natural light and enough to look at for hours. 
You'll want to try a draft latte or a cappuccino! And their food is not to be understated.I've been here a few times and while their atmosphere is cool and hipster, their coffee isn't anything out of the ordinary good. It's decent coffee that may be a little overly hyped. I do love the wide, open space though.. I just wish their coffee lived up to the name and the prices.Absolutely love coming to La Colombe. The atmosphere is chill, nice ambient indie music playing (I know that sounds sarcastic, but I promise I am being genuine).
I don't tend to write about these sorts of things because I'm terrible and don't know how to arrange shapes and colors in a pleasing way, but the lighting really made me calm. I wish I lived in Fishtown because I'd probably be done with my dissertation as I would be here all the time working on it. 
Oh, you probably want to know what I ordered:
Biscuits and Gravy
Bacon, egg, cheese
Yeah. They were good.Pretty good porcetta sandwich and above average house coffee. The house coffee reminded me too much of Starbucks. I will pass on the house coffee next time and move to one of the specialty coffees. The porcetta sauce and bread were awesome. The actual porcetta meat was dry and bland. I've had better from a Philly food truck. It's definitely a hipster joint. Pretty nice place overall but not a fine diner.This La Colombe is their flagship store so its super spacious and has a very cool design thats quite different from the other stores. This one serves cocktails, pastries, and a even full meals. Like the other stores however, this one also does not have Wifi nor is it that great to do work on your laptop because theres almost no outlets anywhere. The store does give off a rustic feel and even has some cool seating areas where you can enjoy your coffee and have a conversation with a friend.This new location is absolutely beautiful and provides a coffee shop experience like I've never had before!  My boyfriend and I came here and it was our first La Colombe experience.  Ordering can be slightly confusing, because there is no coffee menu and the line was pretty long.  We both ordered cappuccinos and we split a chicken salad sandwich.  Everything was delicious and the coffee was absolutely perfect.  The only complaint I have would be the lack of menu, but other than that, there is plenty of seating and the inside of this new location is absolutely beautiful and unique.  I love it!I went here for the first time and expected greatness. The second you step in you feel as if you're in a legit cafe, and therefore gain high expectations. However, I was disappointed, and would've most likely felt the same even without any expectations. 
I'm an avid coffee drinker and drink it mostly in black.. So I'm able to tolerate quite a bit of bitterness. However, the mocha latte I got was unbearably dry and bitter--I couldn't taste anything else. 
I feel as if they try to make up for their bad coffee and mediocre food with their gorgeous interior, but it was a really disappointing experience overall. 
Their menu, coffee, and service (standing and waiting in front of the counter for a coffee for TEN+ minutes), for lack of a better word, sucked.Came here on a very busy Saturday morning and as I stood in line I thought "if I was the owner I would be proud of this" great environment. Every barista had a smile on their face and seems to be genuinely enjoying themselves despite the mass of people. Not to mention the coffee and bacon egg and cheese is incredibleI decided to come back here again with a friend of mine.  We ordered the biscuit and gravy.  I was  truly disappointed in the dish.  It did not taste exactly like the way i've remembered it the first time I had it.  It lacks flavor.Stopped by for a coffee and breakfast and fell in love with this location! Coffee is fantastic as usual! They have a full food menu as well! I had the croquet madam which was good! My friends had the grilled cheese and the pancake. The pancake was absolutely amazing!!! The interior is so cute and pleasant to sit in. Can't wait to be back next time I'm visiting Philly!It's an impressive space but I'm disappointed that they don't have a soy option for lattes and they don't have any vegan treats. There are also slim vegetarian options on the food menu.
The only non-milk option they offer is almond milk. I was told they don't offer soy "because people are concerned about the hormones." I think that's a weak response because people continue to eat plenty of soy products, it's all about moderation. Why not let the customer decide for themselves? 
Vegetarian/vegan options aside, it's an amazing space and the staff is super friendly. I love the Steve Powers mural inside. 
I wish I could whole-heartedly embrace this place, but the limited options leave me with reservations.I drive all the way from roxborough at least once a week to get coffee and study here. They have the best drip coffee in town and I'm a huge fan of their french drip sandwiches. Coffee is cheaper than starbucks, which doesn't hurt. This place also makes for some great people watching. Come early on weekends if you want a table.