Very enjoyable dinner for 6 people. The food and service was excellent. We enjoyed pizza, lobster ravioli, penne alla vodka (very good), bolognese, and the pollo valdostana. I would recommend them all. We look forward to going back.Been here multiple times and a hit every time! Service is always friendly but not overbearing which is great so you can enjoy all the amazing food here. Gnocchi and pizza are so good here! Don't let the location fool you...This place is a gem! Reservations should definitely be made.My husband and out-of-state family dinned here on a Tuesday. I live rght around the corner and have never gone in since there are SO many restaurants in Philly. Well I am really mad at myself for waiting this long to eat there! The food was fantastic! It was my 10 year anniversary as well and they gave us a complimentary bottle for the occassion. We also had my 6-year-old and my 5-year-old to dine. They were welcomed just as much as we were!  The staff was amazing! i can not wait to go back.PROS: Great appetizers, huge portions
CONS: Entrees --- not so great
La Fourno has really great appetizers., especially the tiger shrimp and pizzas as well as the complimentary bread with olive oil. The entrees, on the other hand, are quite disappointing --- emphasizing quantity over quality, or so it seems, with piles upon piles of underseasoned pasta and/or other carbs. The flavor of the entrees needs improvement!A friend of mine and I discovered La Fourno one day when walking down South Street, trying to kill time while waiting for a table at another restaurant.  I was being picky about where to have our pre-dinner drink and after several blocks, I got annoyed with myself and decided we were going into the next place that had a bar.  Seconds later we stumbled upon La Fourno and their sign announcing "Bar Open". We stopped to read their sidewalk sign (mostly because their window sign was so helpful) and were greeted by their owner.  He informed us that whenever hesitant people stood outside to read his menu or specials board, he likes to make a point to invite them in.  Sounds like a solid business practice.  We got a table and decided we had had enough with waiting.  Our first choice in dining still hadn't called us with a table (how dare they??) and adorable little La Fourna already had a carafe of wine in front of us.  If only finding a man was this easy...
We have since gone back several times, and always try to order something different each time (sharing everything along the way, of course).  The pizzas are always delicious. Pick whatever toppings you and your table want most, but it really doesn't matter because the crust is spot on every time. We've enjoyed their caprese salad, fried calamari and mussels as an appetizer on different occasions.  For entrees, we've had the baked penne, the veal and sage raviolis, chicken marsala and penne alla vodka.  My favorite is probably the veal and sage raviolis-they were very earthy and hearty.  But seriously, everything is great.  Simple, homey and well-prepared. La Fourno is one of those places that remind you a lower price point and a casual atmosphere can still supply you with delicious food and an experience worth talking about.This place has been a favorite of mine since I stumbled upon it when I moved to Philly 5 years ago. Desperate to find a place to take my mother, who is super picky with her Italian cuisine, we found this cozy place quietly tucked into South St. Our server Frances was the most amazing host and has been every time I have in, even when he wasnt our server. I have taken everyone I know here, and every one has the same opinion. It's amazing. 
I always ordered the seafood dishes, because here you can never go wrong with fresh seafood and pasta. The bread to start is to die for, along with the antipasta that comes complimentary with your entrees. I recommend the shrimp scampi and potato pizza. And nothing beats any of the red wines or the maple lead cocktail. A must have. 
Overall, everytime I eat here I feel warm, full, and fantastic when leaving. I can't say enough about this place. Two thumbs up. My favorite restaurant in Philly.The restaurant is very good however never have it delivered.  We ordered our favorites and thought the delivery guy went to the wrong restaurant.  The $7.20 Tiramisu took two bites to eat, much larger portion in the restaurant.  Ordered the bread/cheese appetizer, cheese was hard and discolored, the fettuccine alfredo was missing the most important part...cheese.  My favorite penne vodka had raw chunks (large) of onions/garlic and no flavor...seems like the pasta sat for a while.  so the review is based on getting delivery we will still visit the restaurant.The bread was very good.  They gave us a free appetizer- watermelon, mushroom and cucumbers with balsamic vinegar that was delicious! I had the pork loin with roasted potatoes and carrots. The portions were big!  The kids and my husband had the chicken fettuccine. They said it was good!!!!
The service was excellent!!!We had a couple of simple pizzas (margherita and bianca neve) for around 15$ and that was just more than enough for 2 people. Pizzas were stone oven baked with homemade dough and that's just what I expect whenever I go to an italian restaurant.We are frequent visitors to this establishment and the food has always been excellent.  I have only now decided to write a review because of our most recent visit.
Just about every time we have visited this location it has been with a Groupon of some sort, this isn't because we are inherently cheap... but with myself still being in college and my partner a recent graduate still battling enormous student loan debt, we do not have the disposable income that perhaps this restaurant's management expects.
And therein lies the problem.  As I said, our previous visits have been wonderful, food excellent and service almost always excellent as well.  A pattern we have noticed however is that the owner (Tall & skinny older male) will go around to the tables and converse with the patrons.  He'll refill their waters and ask them how the food is or recommend something.  Basically small talk, but still nice and engaging.
This proprietor however does not feel the desire to do this for anyone who is using a Groupon.  Consistently on the last couple times we have visited he invariably passes us by without a word.  Our most recent visit he literally came by and filled our waters without saying anything at all.
Let me clarify... I love this place.  The pizza is some of the best and freshest I have ever had.  The salad and desserts are delicious and the entrees are good as well.
But I feel as though the owner is somehow shunning us because we dared to use the Groupon that he made available to the public.  I could easily see this place becoming a regular dining spot for my partner and I, especially after we get on our feet and have more disposable income at our hands.
I really take offense to the owner's attitude towards us... and to be clear, he is the only one.  The female host (I do not remember her name), she is always very welcoming and engaging.  She recognizes us from previous visits and accordingly makes us feel at home.  As does the male host when he has been there.
The owner however is a different story.  I would gladly change my rating from a 3-star to a 5-star if I saw a change in his attitude, but frankly at this point I'm not even sure if we'll return.
If his goal was to turn away a satisfied customer, Mission AccomplishedEnjoyed dinner with a group of friends. Our server, Francis, was the best-  made us feel so welcome. Salad, bread, crab cakes, dessert, even the tea, were all excellent.
Had a Groupon but would visit again even without one.I've been here several times with a large group of coworkers (10-14 ppl with reservations) for lunch and have never been disappointed. Pizza is fantastic. If you like meat and heat, Fra Diavolo is a must, and a personal favorite. The Orto is loaded with veggies, also delicious. Not much on tap (Yuengling, Stella Artois, and a disappointing "Halloween Ale" when we were there) but there's a decent wine selection and they've got BYOB nights.
The special/seasonal salads are superb. This week we had peach, melon, tomato, and almonds on a bed of arugula with a light vinaigrette. The salads they make for our large parties are substantial -- one is enough for 3-4 people. The only disappointment on this last trip was that a salad of this size ran us about $33, while on previous visits they were in the $20-25 range.
The staff is always friendly, and the owner/chef is always present and takes very good care of us. I was even treated to a dessert on the house and a gift certificate in honor of my birthday. I'll certainly be back for a BYOB evening to sample some dinner entrees (and undoubtedly for more work lunches).I really enjoy La Fourno and the service is always on point. Even the owners are always around talking to their customers. The waiters and waitresses there are very friendly. I've been here for about 3 birthday dinners and came with my bf another time. They never disappoint to serve (at least not in my experiences).
Their portions are generous and I always have good leftover. I love their chicken alfredo. Some places can't make the sauce tasteful like they do. Their baked penne is great too. My bf got their special before with their home made pasta, snow peas, shrimp, and other ingredients with a light buttery wine sauce. 
The bread is always fresh out the oven. It's a small place, but the food is good and their friendly ambience of the restaurant keeps their customers satisfied.We came here to use a Groupon voucher and left very satisfied. The Groupon deal includes a salad/soup, an entree and a drink for each person, plus a dessert to be shared by two guests. You need to pay the sales tax and 18% gratuity when using the voucher.
As a small neighborhood restaurant, La Fourno's food and service are definitely better than its appearance. My house salad was fresh and the daily soup my partner had was buttery tasty. We ordered shrimp scampi and the award-winning veal parmesan as our entrees. I have to say they nailed the pasta but fell short on proteins. We found both the shrimp and the veal were dry for some reason (even the veal cutlet was extremely thin). The pasta portion of both entrees was exceptional, the angel hair and linguine were perfectly cooked and sauces (garlic and red) were just on point.
If only judged by appetizers and entrees, La Fourno is a solid three-star restaurant, but the dessert with the same name as the restaurant earned the extra star. La Fourno (the dessert) is a rolled pastry filled with Nutella, strawberries & walnut, freshly cooked, and served warm.
Overall, our dinner experience with the Groupon deal exceeded our expectation, but I'd hesitate to order those dishes here at full price (our total was $100+). Bottom line: pasta and dessert are great; the pizzas also look great, may come back to try them.First of all, thank you to all my fellow YELP-ers for recommending this place!!!
My wife & I wanted to have an impromptu dinner with our boys (6 & 4). We didn't want a McDonald's-like place. We are adults. We wanted real food. We wanted to have adult beverages. We needed it to be "Kid-friendly" and have things that the boys would eat. And, we didn't want a "stuffy" atmosphere. We wanted good service. We didn't want to pay an "arm & leg" either. We found it ALL in La Fourno!!!
OK, about the food...
To start, fresh, hot bread w/an herbed olive oil (and butter for the boys, on request)...1-star.
The boys split a Margarita Pizza and enjoyed it...1-star.
My wife had the White Clams app (yummy) and I had the Tiger Shrimp (yummy)...1-star.
My wife had the Lobster Raviolis and she thoroughly enjoyed them that it was hard for me to get a taste from her! I hesitantly ordered the "6-time, Best of Philly" Veal Parm. (I was initially put off by the price of $28.) But, after tasting it I would pay 3-times that much for this dish as it was the best I've ever had...2-stars!!!
Service was attentive, but not intrusive. Atmosphere was quaint and casual. I would highly recommend making reservations b/c they seat maybe 30 max (and once the word gets out, this place will be hard to get in to!)
There's only two minor things that need attention:
1. Expand/upgrade the bar selections. I felt like having a bourbon (it was chilly out that night) and they only had Evan Williams. So, I had to go back to vodka/tonic. :(
2. This is for YELP. Fix the actual address. It should say "636 South St." b/c I my navigation system sent me somewhere else.
I will definitely return and highly recommend, to a select few so that I still have a chance to get in!!!
CHEERS!
MWent here with a group of five for dinner. They were very brisk about pulling together two small tables for us and getting everyone comfortable; the host came back a little while later and was very concerned that I hadn't taken my coat off my shoulders -- I guess he'd closed the door, then turned up the heat, but I still hadn't taken it off (I'm always cold). 
We started with an antipasti plate of cheeses, bread, house-roasted red peppers and a bowl of olive oil blessed with oregano. Everything was excellent, especially the peppers. They also gave us a small metal container of grated parmesan with a hinged lid that called to my mind the visor on a medieval suit of armor (cos I'm a nerd like that), which some members of the party had perhaps too much fun playing with but that's okay. The parmesan was a great addition to everything from the bread to the peppers. 
A couple of us had the nightly special of pumpkin ravioli with a nutmeg-butter sauce. I felt like the pasta was just slightly tough but liked the nutmeg (since you don't get it in savory dishes too frequently); overall, more successful than not in my mind, though someone else who'd ordered it wasn't really happy (she'd been expecting a cream sauce or something rather than just nutmeg and butter on top). 
Another friend got the gnocchi with white sauce, of which I snuck a taste: I liked the garlicky white sauce and the gnocchi were soft and well cooked, not doughy or tough. 
Our waiter was slightly weird; he seemed to fawn a bit and gave the other girls a weird vibe (I was a bit out of this loop as I was sitting with my back generally to the room, and thus to him, but he was having a hard time grasping when pouring from our bottle of wine that all I needed was enough for a toast, i.e. a sip's worth, since I was not drinking.)
Overall, La Fourno is a good choice for Italian in a warm setting. Mangia Bene!A chicken parm so appetizing I actually went back in and used my personal card when they didn't take Amex.
That garlic bread was the tops.  Everything about this chicken parm was my favorite thing ever.
Great staff, thanks for chatting with me.We have been here twice and I love it!  The staff is extremely friendly and outgoing.  They make you feel very relaxed and like family.  Both times, we got the grilled calamari appetizer, which was wonderful!  It really tasted grilled, and the calamari was tender, not chewy.  It was in a perfectly light lemony olive oil dressing.  Everything was really well-balanced.  My husband said while we were eating it that he was already craving it for next time!
Last time I had the lobster ravioli, which I would highly recommend.  Soooo good!   This time I got the crab cakes.  They were good, but I was wishing I had the lobster ravioli.  My husband got the veal parmesan.  The sauce was basic and delicious and the veal was crisp, not greasy.  The pasta was really yummy too.
I would definitely recommend this place.  It's pretty small and looks like a hole in the wall, but it has great ambiance and authentic, wonderful food.Went there on a tuesday night and loved it. They have one of the best italian food in philadelphia. I love their lobster ravioli. Very attentive service and reasonal price. I will definitely be back!I was taking my friend out for a birthday dinner and decided on this restaurant based on the proximity to my job and the reviews that it received here on Yelp.  I was a little nervous when we walked up to the building though.  When I first walked in, it looked like a pizzeria and not a fine dining establishment, but once we walked past the kitchen area up ront, we saw the small dining area in the back.  They also have a more spacious area upstairs.
Rating:  LOVED IT!  The service was great.  Our waiter was funny and personable.  We had drinks and although the apple martini was perfect and the Italian Margarita was tasty, I thought that the drinks were rather small for the price.  
The food was fantastic.  It was hot, well seasoned, and looked great, plus the portion size was on point,  They definitely gave you plenty.  After dinner, they brought out a chocolate frosted cheesecake with a candle and our waiter instructed the ENTIRE restaurant to wish my friend a happy birthday and sing to her.  So unexpected that everyone would be instructed to sing, but it was so nice and definitely added to a great dining experience.  And the cheesecake?!  Oh yes!!  And I don't even like cheesecake!  Most of the one's I've tasted went overboard on the cheese.  Not La Fourno.  No sir!  Perfection!
One thing I noticed is that a guy, I think he was the owner, stopped by tables and spoke to patrons, helped seat folks, and even cracked jokes with people, however, even though we made eye contact frequently since he passed our table a lot, he didn't smile, (even when I did), and he didn't stop by as he done with all of the other tables.  No worries, the restaurant was swell and I would not only recommend it, but I would return.  ;-)
Signed,
The Cruise DirectorVery very very good. The pasta with pesto is outstanding. I've been here on multiple occasions. In fact the Linguini Putanesca is fantastic but the others are even better.
The owner is frequently in the restaurant and is a very nice man. The first time that I went there, he welcomed us in. When we told him we were vegetarian, he gave us a list of dishes the restaurant would make for us, and made us feel very welcome.A friend of mine and I came here for dinner last week, and it was delightful. I used to live in Philly, but I don't know this area that well. We made a reservation because Yelp offered it through OpenTable, but it absolutely was not necessary -- I guess if it hadn't been a Thursday night, it might have been busier, but it seemed to me like it wasn't a nice enough restaurant to require a reservation. The sign with the boys & bow ties outside was a little bit strange, but it was lovely and spacious inside. I got a pesto pizza and my friend got a calzone, both of which were very yummy. The pesto pizza on the menu came with olives, which I thought was a little strange, but I got them to make it without olives and was perfectly happy.
For dessert, my friend and I shared an insanely rich red velvet cheesecake that was to die for. It was almost too rich, especially since I was on my way to a concert afterward -- I was sad to make the sacrifice and have to let my dining companion eat more than her fair share.
The only real negative was that the waiters put a little dish of olive oil on the table, but never brought us bread or anything to put in the olive oil. It seemed weird to give us olive oil as decoration....?Perhaps my favorite italian restaurant in philadelphia. Tiny attractive friendly place great food. I love the polenta. I recommend the entire menu. Valentines day would be a great choice to come hereThis is what you'd expect.  Legitimate Italian food for a reasonable price.  I haven't actually eaten in the restaurant, but I've had their delivery, which was prompt and satisfactory.  I wouldn't be opposed to eating in the restaurant, except it's South Street-tourist allure could make it crappy.  If I wanted really authentic Italian, I'd head further south, but, all around, I have no complaints.First time visit two wks ago for take out.  Food was amazing.  Well worth the visit.I make it a point to eat as much pizza at as many establishments as possible and La Fourno is by far my favorite. The pizza is brick oven, thin crust, with delicious toppings and the best marinara around.
Beyond the pizza, I have sampled their salads and dessert. Both are fantastic. I did not think that a house salad could be so impressive but it was huge, with a fantastic vinaigrette, and filled with more diverse toppings than one would think possible. I don't normally eat dessert but decided to trust that the tiramisu would be amazing, and it was. My parents have had their entrees on numerous occasions and are always pleased.
On top of that, the owner is super friendly, the sounds of Frank Sinatra greet you upon entrance and the servers are almost embarrassingly  eager to please.
South Street is a scary place reminiscent of the Wildwood boardwalk but is well worth traversing in order to get to La Fourno.Quaint, simple decor. Friendly service. Very authentic staff and menu. The wife and I had pasta dishes, while our son chose pizza. All delish. Not your typical South Street biz.Found this place by way of a Groupon. My server was okay but I loved Francis. Francis Loves his Job and it showed. The caesar salad was excellent as well as my entree. Wines aren't great but for the price not bad. I will be returning. Keep up with your great energy Francis!HOLY GARLIC. well, that's what my rancid mouth, tongue and breath emanated after consuming that mixed arugula salad. not to say it wasn't good but jesus christ i could have killed a small child with my scent.
their chickpea "farinatta" bread was interesting - almost like a heavier, less sweet graham cracker. definitely worth a try. comes with roasted red peppers and a few slices of (bland) cheese.
also sampled their special bruschetta - including traditional chopped tomato, eggplant & strawberry/goat cheese. pretty average dish but liked the fact i didn't feel like an elephant was sitting inside my abdominal area when i was finished.
service was quick, friendly and very pleasant.
tips: they have a full bar but are byob (without a corking fee) on tuesday and friday nights. all society hill playhouse ticket holders also receive 10% off their entire check. nice.
...yet i still? need a mint.Pros: My husband and I had dinner here last night and it was delicious and the service was great!  Our server was Shamus and he was friendly, made great suggestions and very attentive.  There were several pasta options and a variety of apps and salads to choose from as well.  We mixed it up with a little pasta, veal and a couple of apps and it was all delicious.  Nice that they include salad and bread with entrees too.
Cons: The wine selection was not the greatest (but, you can bring our own on Tues and Fri so we may have to go back on one of those days :) ), the food was a little on the high side as far as price but luckily we had a groupon so that was a plus!  
Overall a great experience and we will most likely go back!We stumbled upon this place while in Philly over the weekend with another couple.  We both have one child, 12 and 20 months and even though the restaurant had an adult set-up, they were very accommodating in the early afternoon when we showed up.  The owner/chef came over to say hello almost immediately and made some recommendations.  We all had a salad with our entrees and they were basic house green salads to start.  Not the best that I have ever had, but the dressing was great and it was a nice starter.  The great part were the entrees.  The other 3 adults had a pasta and red sauce of some sort and they were all awesome.  I opted for the Veal and Sage Ravioli and it was one of the top 3 Italian Dishes I have ever had!  Throw in the garlic bread and you have a pretty great meal.  Definitely would revisit when we are back in town.La Fourno was a perfect place to celebrate my birthday with some special friends.  We were very impressed with the service- impeccable!  Our water glasses were never empty.  Our food was perfectly cooked.  The Caesar salad was expertly dressed and so delicious I could have made my meal just from that.  The potato gnocchi are always my favorite and these did not disappoint.  When our waiter, Mauro, brought out my tiramisu, he had the whole restaurant sing "Happy Birthday" to me.  I felt like a queen.  No one has ever done that for me in my 41 years.  It was a memorable night, and I will be back again soon.  Mille grazie!I had a groupon here that I bought for my friend's birthday. It looked great on the site, so I thought I'd go for it.
The food was great. It was flavorful and certainly filling. We ordered the arugula and Caesar salads to begin and ate our way through the bread. We got the capricciosa pizza and that was delicious. Not too salty and had lots of great things on the pizza. We then got the pasta alla vodka and the gnocchi gorgonzola. The food overall was amazing.
The reason it's only 3 stars is because of the service. They brought us everything we needed, but the interactions with the staff were extremely weird. Every conversation was oddly stilted and uncomfortable. It was just really strange and it made the evening feel weird. There were some misunderstandings with our waitress for our order. Normally that's fine and it just gets corrected, but the back and forths were just bizarre. The maître-d kept calling me sweety in a creepy way, rather than an endearing way. And when I asked for the bathroom another waiter just fumbled his words and we had another weird interaction. They were kind and welcoming, but just really strange and it affected the quality of my dining experience.
Overall, I would say try eating here, but prepare yourself for unusual conversations with the waitstaff.Veal Parm is what I'm going to start with here.... The price may seem a little daunting but this portion is massive, and theres a big bed of linguine below it. It is rated the best in the city and I must say... it's some damn good veal. Everything here is awesome down to the bruschetta which as I might say is also BANGIN' The tomatoes are super fresh and taste amazing... i hate tomatoes but I'm quick to spoon the left over tomatos up and eat them. The pizza is also super affordable for a resturant style pizza dinner. The margherita pizza is incredible as well as whatever pizza it was I had that used gorgonzola cheese and prosciuttoI went here with a group of my students and colleagues. We had a fantastic experience. We shared a few pizzas and all ordered dessert. I must say this is some of the best pizza I've had in Philly in awhile and the prices are extremely reasonable. I definitely can't wait to go back!I was just here last night, and I was thoroughly impressed by the food, waitstaff and environment! I thought the food had a very HONEST quality - simple ingredients with awesome combinations!!! Each item we ordered seemed to allow you to enjoy the freshness of each piece of the dish as well as the dish as a whole. Nothing seems over-processed... simple plates by smart people. Goodness all around!!! We were there on a Friday, and Tuesday and Friday nights are BYOB nights... so BYOB coupled with fantastic food and an attentive and caring staff = BIG WIN. New fav.Very good pizza, nice local-family-feeling decor, BYOB Tue and Fri, take-out, delivery, same awesome guys every time I go. It's really four stars but fuck it.Delicious everything.  Loved the calamari sauce, and the calamari itself.  The fresh mozza was fantastic.  We had pizza, the baked rigatoni and the chicken marsala, and everything was cooked well.  The timing between appies and the main course was perfect, and deserts and coffee were great.  There was no rush for us to leave, and we were checked on frequently.  This would totally be a regular haunt if we were locals!We I might have reviewed this fabulous gem of a restaurant before, however will do again.  We have a marvelous perfect dinner on South Street tonight with our friends the Weintraub's.  We will go back again without a doubt.  It is an Italian restaurant, we all agreed, 
as good as any in NYC .  The best in philly we ever ate in.  The veal parmigiana was the best we ever ate.  We also had salmon done to perfection.  The location might not be your favorite, but the food was just the best.When we decided to go to LaFourno, my expectations were not high.  I mean, resonable prices, BYOB on Friday (no corking fee),  the hundred thousandth italian restaurant....... Wow, I mean this is a place that I will truly come back to.  Panarama, schanarama.  This place out shines all the italian restaurants that I have been to in Phila.  Don't get me wrong, it is a casual italian restaurant, I mean don't expect to take someone on a fancy first date here.   BYOB on Tues & Fri., though they serve alcohol.  We came here on Labor Day, they had a prix fixe menu special for $25.  We started off with some delicious warm bread, homemade I think.   They serve a house salad, with again an awesome balsamic vinagrette.  The app was mussels casino, again good and nice portion size.  The Lobster Ravoli was like none I have ever had, it had a sweetness, and a taste that was unlike your standard Lob. Rav.    I will seriously dream about it.  Last but not least, they we had cannoli for dessert.  It is bought locally and was fantastic.  I definitely recommend this place, its awesome.   It will become one of my go to restaurants.Last night we used a Groupon and were very happy with our meal.  The soup (similar to wedding soup) was very good and seemed homemade.  The next course was a pizza which was a little odd but you could choose any you wanted and it was really good.  My friend and I had two different entress - veal parm and she had a pasta dish.  I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food.  Our server, Francis needs a shout out becuase he was AWESOME!I will agree with a few other reviewers on the name of this place being fake Italian, and the menu being fairly ridiculous. This is NOT an authentic Italian restaurant. I've been to Italy twice, and this place is, at best, Italian-ish.
That being said, the food is decent. It's a great place to take someone who is hard to please and wants something simple to eat. The portions were a good size, not huge, not tiny. I had the linguini with mussels, and got a good amount of mussels. The service was also great, to the point of being over-the-top. The prices are reasonable for a south st restaurant.
So, if you can get over the lack of authenticity and the general tackiness of the place, you could have a pretty good dinner there. If you are looking for something sophisticated, authentic or exotic, look elsewhere.Very good, above average portioned meals. Servers were attentive and friendly. It can be very busy. Reservations recommended.We were in the neighborhood checking out what turned out to be an overly priced Nina Simone record when we heard this restaurant. That's right, we heard it first. From the street we could hear the sound of Italian music and our ears instantly perked up. We walked over and the aroma instantly consumed us, it was amazing! Needless to say we enjoyed a impromptu and fantastic dinner at La Fourno. I had the Penne Alla Vodka and my love had the Chicken Marsala, both were so incredibly delicious! Of course we rounded out our night with a shared cannoli which was equally delicious! The service was also excellent, an extra special shout out to our server Francis who went above and beyond. He was great and made our experience all the better. Please give this place a try, you won't be disappointed. After just one visit we already want to be regulars!!The food and service was terrific. This was my 1st time at La Fourno and I will certainly be back and will be recommending this little Italian restaurant to friends and relatives. The bbq chicken pizza was very tasty and the chicken parm delicious.Had dinner here last night with friends and had an amazing experience. Our sever was friendly and polite. Our meals were fabulous. Two of us got the butternut squash ravioli, which were superb! My other friend got the mussels with linguine and enjoyed them as well. Next time I'm in the city, I will not hesitate to return to this charming restaurant!My boyfriend and I have been going here for years. I can't say enough about this place. The owner Al and the manager Francis are quite possibly the nicest people ever. It's as if you are stepping into their home. The food is wonderful and the pizza is delightful. I highly recommend their Chicken Valdestano.Stopped in for a slice and wound up making friends! Love this place! Al (owner) was in attendance & he was cordial, funny and engaging! I'll definitely be back! Our matron Anne was personable as well!Me and my wife went last night for the first time in years. This place used to be one of our favorites. I have to say, food was better that we remember. Francis, our server was awesome and he has been there for years.  Always get the polenta portabella!!!We found this gem accidentally last summer.  We were walking past and their doors were propped open and the smell of deliciousness drew us inside.  We have since been back numerous times.  The food is always delectable and the staff provides amazing service.  We are never disappointed.We tried to go to a restaurant down the street and were told they can't take reservations, and to try back in an hour and a half. We were lucky we happened upon this place. It was 7 on a Saturday, and we didn't have a reservation, but they moved things around and seated us right away.  I have never met a friendlier staff, especially in the city.  The food and wine were great and the service was even better. Made me feel like I was right back in Italy. Definitely a hidden gem worth stopping in!I'be been here a few times and it is quickly becoming my favorite spot in the area. Fridays are byob which only sweetens the deal. The waitstaff is super friendly and the food is delicious and reasonably priced. I've told all my friends and I will def be back.My wife and I dine here often, as well have their food delivered to our house.  Great place; one of my favorite Italian restaurants in the city, and one of my favorite restaurants, period.  Large menu with lots of choices.  Food is excellent and the portions are ample.  Staff is very attentive and customer-service oriented.  Al, the owner, is always out on the floor making sure everything is running smoothly, and he stops at each and every table to ask the customers if everything is ok and if everyone is enjoying their meals.  Overall, a fantastic restaurant.Like a previous reviewer, I also have walked past this place countless times, and never even noticed there was an Italian restaurant there. From the outside, the place looks kind of cheap, not very inviting. 
But I'm really glad that I finally found it and decided to try it out after I was struck with a huge Italian craving, and wanted to go somewhere close. 
The service was very friendly, and the food was quickly prepared. (My friend and I were the only people in the entire place.) The salad that came with the pasta we ordered came out almost immediately,  and was surprisingly good. The pasta was also delicious. I'm not a huge Italian food eater, so I was really pleasantly surprised. It was piping hot, and really tasted like it was made with fresh ingredients. 
Also, the portions were very large, my friend and I both took more than half of our meal home. 
BYOB on Tuesdays and Fridays was pretty awesome as well - especially because there is a wine & spirits just 2 blocks away. (No corking fee either.)
A chef (I assume the head chef) came out and made sure our food was good, and he even gave us a $5 gift certificate for the next time we ate there or got delivery. The whole staff was really friendly and I didn't feel awkward being the only ones eating there at all.
I will definitely be going back sometime soon!Had a great Italian meal here last week.  We started with the bruschetta mixto which was delicious.  We enjoyed the variety of three different types.  I had gnocchi gorgonzola, husband had the bolognese.  We weren't that hungry by the time dessert came around, but we had some sort of chocolate cake anyway.
Food was good, so was service.  There was a minor misunderstanding when I asked the waiter to confirm that there was no chicken stock in the gnocchi - the first time around it came out with chicken bits.  Glad I caught that before I dug in!  Also a misunderstanding about how to package leftovers, the gnocchi and bolognese ended up in the same small container, which meant this strict vegetarian wasn't eating leftovers.
All and all, great meal, great value.  The staff is really friendly too.  Will definitely return.It is rare that I crave Italian food, but when my midwestern friends and family visit and say they want to try something 'new' it generally means a 'new' Italian restaurant and La Fourno is THE place. The service is spectacular and I particularly enjoy the spirited owner/manager who has the best demeanor of anyone I've ever met who deals with the public on a daily basis.
Things of which I'm terribly fond: some scallop special, blush sauce and linguini (forget the name), shrimp scampi, and penne a la vodka. Things that are just ok: I'm not wild about their bread, but this is inconsequential because of the size of entrees. The grilled calamari is decent and their Tiramisu is THE BEST I've ever had. For serious.  
Lastly, they are also available on grubhub and the delivery guy rocks!The service was wonderful and the food was good.  The veal and chicken parmesan was very nice and the linguini side was a nice surprise.  The surprise was lack of marinara and instead pasta tossed in oil, garlic and parsley.
The chianti wine was also quite nice at a $32 price point.  
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good italian meal on south street.
Bon ApetitoMmmm, mmmm. Yum and goody are the prefixes which I start with. I would have never walked in the place if it wasn't for Groupon.  First impression was that it was small but cozy and warm (especially with it being 17 degrees outside). Groupon entitled us to (and which we were provided) soup or salad, one pizza (10") to share and two entrees. The salad was good with the basalmic vinegarette. My boyfriend had a butternut squash soup which was pretty good. We chose the pesto pizza, which was delicious. Made me want to try the others of which there were a variety.  And as  usual he went with the chicken alfredo.  It was creamy in texture and a delight to eat. I went with the penne vodka with shrimp.  I thought there would be medium shrimp throughout but the shrimp were on the extra large size and succulent to say the least. It was full of flavor and I enjoyed. Didn't finish it all because I was stuffed from the pizza but I'm definitely looking forward to my leftovers from what I did get a chance to eat of my pasta dish. Wait staff were friendly, knowledgeable and all around awesome. In short will make it my business to go back. Only reason it didn't get a 5 star was price. Don't get me wrong the food is worth it but may be considered pricey for some. Approximately $35-55 per person not including drinks for 3 courses (desert not included or can be if you nix the appetizer or soup/salad).Just had a fantastic meal at La Fourno on South street. The customer service was amazing. Everyone here was super nice.I loved La Fourno!
I went with my boyfriend on a Saturday night around 7pm without a reservation and luckily got seated immediately. The inside is cozy and a lot more charming than the outside. We both got whiskey sours which were absolutely delicious. For our meals, I ordered chicken parm and he got penne alla vodka. We had no complaints about the food at all! The chicken parm was amazing and cooked to absolute perfection and the vodka sauce was to die for. Our waiter was also really friendly and made an effort to talk to us and make us feel welcome.
This place is such a good break from all the takeout windows and bars along South Street.So. All-in-all pretty good. 
Really nice menu and and lots of options. The food was really good and not expensive at all. 
Service is a bit spotty. Good service when we arrive and then no one to take the order. Then we got some bread, one small slice for each person, had to ask for more. Finally got someone to take the order and then we sat for a while waiting for apps. Some came and others didn't. Then we waited for dinner. Then after dinner we asked for the check and we waited again. 
Again food was good but not good enough to wait and wait and wait for it. 
Wouldn't not go again but won't rush back anytime soon.Yes, this place is smack-dab in the middle of South Street.  And yes, it was once just another run-o-the-mill pizza joint.  But you really should try to forget these things, cuz the owners have tried very hard to convert La Fourno into a legit and respectable Italian restaurant, and they've succeeded.
The atmosphere is intimate, the menu is consistent and includes all you'd expect from a good Italian restaurant, and the service is reliable and attentive.  Everyone gets a personal greeting from co-owner Al Grafstrom, whose love for his business is apparent and infectious.
After going there once every couple of months for about three years I actually chose La Fourno as the place to propose to my girlfriend.  Al and the staff were really into it and helped make the moment special for us in every way they could.
I try to get something different each time I go, but whenever I opt for one of their veal dishes I'm always happy I did it.  My fiancee's fave is the Shrimp Fra Diavolo.  And even though they have a liquor license they've designated Tuesdays and Fridays as BYO nights, which is another bonus.I had a group of nine for dinner (plus two more coming late for drinks) and called on a Friday afternoon to make a reservation - Al was very accommodating and helpful. When we arrived we had more or less the whole upstairs to ourselves, save one other table, as well as the full attention of Seamus, our server, who was totally fun and extremely patient with our ridiculousness. Seamus rocks my socks. I went for the pizza la fourno, which, though yummy and just the right thinness for me, with all the tomato it got soggy quick. I had a bite of the famous veal parmagiana, which was also delish. 
A fun spot, almost hidden away. I think my next pizza will involve cheese, though...My boyfriend and I's favorite little "italian date night place."  I love their Polenta with Portobella mushroom sauce.  Very good, and I am picky about my polenta.  I also love the Gnocchi with cream sauce, and penne arabiata.  Can't go wrong with any of their ravioli's, and the pizzas are also great.  Delish tiramisu and canolli's.  Very pretty inside - casual but romantic too! I love sitting downstairs - brick walls, candles, and cool art.Really good pizza (get the fior de lette, trust me) and fettuccine alfredo. Delivery is always fast (less than 30 min) though one time I had the problem of getting a pizza with all the cheese sliding off to one side. I do wish they had a few more appatizers that are better for delivery (I can't see muscles or bruschetta traveling well).I have passed by this restaurant many times, but I am usually reluctant to try restaurants in touristy areas.... We were recently in the area and in the mood for casual Italian, and I am glad we took the chance. We ordered wine by the glass from the bar, but BYOB is available Tuesday and some other day, twice a week; next time we will be ready.
We try to minimize our gluten consumption and the server recommended to substitute sauteed spinach and broccoli rabe for pasta. My husband had a spicy seafood entree (seafood diablo or similar name) and I had chicken Valdostana, as recommended by our waiter Mauro. I can't remember when I last had chicken in a restaurant, but went with it on a whim and it was great. I loved the combination with melted cheese and prosciutto within the chicken. My husband enjoyed his seafood and vegetable dish, but I am sure it tastes different with pasta. We split grilled calamari for an appetizer and next time I am getting one just for myself - very tasty. We usually don't get dessert after dinner, but the waiter sneaked in a dessert tray and I couldn't say no to a cannoli, while my husband helped himself to a tiramisu. I am not a fan of tiramisu and didn't taste his, but my cannoli was perfect: not too sweet, but just right, with a perfectly crunchy shell. 
The ambiance is like an authentic Italian tratoria, similar to many places I ate at when in Rome or on the Italian Riviera - friendly and casual. The service was attentive but not intrusive. I hope they get more gluten-free options, but either way we will be back.I do not do reviews often and when I do I believe that anyone who reads it needs to know only if they should eat here or avoid the place. Eat here it was great. Great food great service great atmosphere. All around a wonderful meal.Excellent food and service... calamari was to die for... chicken and pizza dishes were great... you will not be disappointed  if you like Italian food... a must go to place. .We went here at like 1:30/2 on a Sunday afternoon and it was completely dead.  Better for us!!  We walked in, were seated and had a blast with our Italian server, mexican cooks and Filipino manager (their words, not mine!).  I got the gnocchi with marinara...delicious!!!  My uncle got the linguini with pesto which was amazballs, mom got the angel hair with garlic.  THanks to mom, I had her leftovers for lunch the next day- still delicious!!  We even ended up with a free bottle of wine when the server heard I graduated med school and saw we weren't drinking yet.  I can't complain about that one!If you are looking for some South Philly Italian food this place is not too bad. But if you are in the mood for real Italian food stay away from this place.We love this restaurant.  Everything  we have had is outstanding. The portabella mushroom polenta is the best we have had. The staff is always welcoming and helpful. The prices are moderate for a great meal and shareable portions if on a budget.Awesome pizza, great Italian food. Friendly service both in-store and to go. A good deal overall.Usually restaurants associated with Groupon are just ok, but La Fourno was fantastic!  First of all, this groupon was a phenomenal deal.  I forget how much it cost, but it included two soups or salads, a pizza to share and any two entrees on the menu.  
I started my meal with the arugula salad.  There was a strong garlic presence, but I love garlic so it worked for me.  The bread they serve is delicious as well, and they actually give you olive oil like real Italian restaurants should.  
Next we were able to pick a flatbread pizza out of about 15 choices. This was also  very tasty and surprisingly large.  For an entree, I ordered the chicken parm. They had a lot of more unique offerings, some of which our lovely waiter tried talking me in to ordering, but sometimes you just want some chicken parm! I probably should have listened to my waiter as the chicken was good but I'm sure other offerings are great.  
Oh, and the expresso martini was phenomenal.  I highly recommend La Fourno to anyone in the mood for a great deal and great Italian!First off let me say my wife and I did some extensive searching for Italian food that is open on Monday and we stumbled upon this place. Overall, it was a great experience. We were welcomed by our waiter Francis and he was outgoing and attentive. He informed us that their pasta is fresh made and it certainly tasted like it. I got the linguine bolognese and my wife got the penne vodka. Both were very fresh and tasty! Each was like 10-14 bucks. They bring bread and an antipasti salad before the entrees. Great value, clean restaurant and great food. 
This was a great place off of south street and if you are in the area and looking for Italian....check em out!Had the r canzone and while it's a pretty classy place it was really reasonably priced under $10.  The garlic in it is perfectly balanced with the cheese.My boyfriend and I were really hungry so decided to stop at this place. We didn't have high expectations for it, we were just expecting an average Italian place, but it turned out to be great! The food was really good, but honestly the service was what did it for me.The waiter was very attentive and friendly, and I would even go as far as to say that it was the best service I've ever received at a restaurant. I'm not really the type of person to comment about service, because I'm there for the food, but I felt that the wait staff went above and beyond to satisfy the customer. I wish I remembered the name of the waiter to give him credit! :)I came here with an open mind not knowing what I was in for. The service is great. Waiter and server have a great and amicable nature! Arugula salad and lobster ravioli are phenomenal. They do not skimp on the lobster. Definitely a hidden gem!Superb food and service, but the charge for taking home leftovers is bogus. Enough said. I won't be back.i thought it would be bad as our waiter stumbled awkwardly toward the table. His strange glazed look was almost frightening. Turns out he was a great waiter and the food was delicious too! My friend got a simple pizza that was extraordinary and my clams in a white sauce was perfect. Will definitely return.Best dinner in a long time. Service was outstanding. The staff was extremely friendly and very attentive. Best service I've had at a restaurant in a long time. The veal parmigiana is outstanding. So fresh and tender. I highly recommend this restaurant and will definitely return. Perfection from soup to nuts. The steamed milk for my coffee was a very nice touch.