I had an excellent meal of veal saltimbocca on a rainy weekday night here. The service was excellent, and my party even received a Caesar salad and extra bread (with delicious zucchini and olive oil sauce) on the House. As great as the food was, the cozy, comforting atmosphere was my favorite part. If you're looking for a true 'neighborhood' Italian restaurant outside of South Philly, then this is your place. It's the type of restaurant you want to visit every Friday with your family.Intimate little kitschy joint on the Old City near Constitution mall.  Wait staff was very engaging and helpful. Other customers (regulars it appeared) were equally welcoming.  It's a BYOB eatery which is a common phenomenon in Philly.  I'd had a couple of glasses of vino at the hotel bar before I hoofed it here so chose to not stop for a bottle.  I thought the wild mushroom crepes in nutmeg cream sauce were absolutely to die for.  That is until the ricotta gnocchi arrived following a very satisfying Caesar salad. Plump toothsome dumplings about the size of my thumb from mid-knuckle to the end. Bathed in a broth-y Gorgonzola sauce and accompanied by the large shrimp I added, these proved to be off the hook delicious. I found myself staring at the last half dozen morsels knowing that I'd be uncomfortable if I (over) ate them. I struggled but refrained.  I even got the house made cannoli to go, but could not eat it that nite and forgot to eat it the next morning. I hope a housekeeper at the hotel enjoyed them.  Great ambiance, greater food, exceptional service.On a recommendation from a friend, a group of us decided to check out La Locanda before catching a movie at the Ritz early Wednesday night. It's definitely not stuffy, and has an intimate atmosphere perfect for a date. 
Personally, I really enjoyed the service (efficient-we were able to get in and out in about an hour without anyone being too rushed) and my mussels were amazing. My friends generally really liked their food but felt it was a bit too expensive for what it was. (To be honest, I think it's just Old City prices are altogether more expensive than what we are used to paying in other parts of Philly).So sad to report that we had the worst experience ever this past weekend.  I have always enjoyed this restaurant and I had not been there in a while.  I was looking forward to going back to enjoy the meal that I remembered from the past.  We had a 7:30 reservation in which we arrived at 7:20.  A server checked us in but rudely informed us that they were not ready for us.  There were some empty tables but we just stood patiently.  One minute later another party of 4 came in and I assume they were regulars since they were greeted with a hug and a smile and seated right away.  we stood there confused but thought we would wait patiently.  After ten minutes and no acknowledgement we asked about our table.  At that point the hostess asked another party to get up and leave so we can have their table.  We sat down and decided to get ready to enjoy our dinner.  We joked with the hostess and our waiter and we thought all would be well.  The food came and it was good.  However about 1 hour and 10 minutes later our dessert plates had just been removed and they came over and added two table to each side of where we were sitting connecting them to make room for a party of 10 that was coming in.  No one said anything to us, no one told us there was a time limit for the table.  We had not even received our bill yet.  My girlfriend was appalled and said we have only been sitting here a little over an hour and we have not received our bill so you will now need to wait a bit.  With that we were cursed at and told that they were going to call the police.  A table two seats down had also chimed in telling us it was time to get up and go.  Like I said we were only there a little over an hour.  And then to be cursed out was disgusting.  If the reservations are that tightly timed then we should have been informed when we made the reservation initially or we could have been asked nicely with a little notice to get up an turn the table over.  This ensued into a louder conversation and my husband just decided to pay the bill and leave.  As we were leaving the initial server who was rude from the beginning followed us out the door to give us a double finger which we have a picture of.  I have never in my life been treated so rudely.  We go out to eat alot and I love referring places that have good food and service.  So sad this had to be our experience.  When the original owner was alive he would have never treated his customers like that.this place is phenomenal! not only is the staff super sweet and accommodating, but the food is fresh and authentic. I absolutely love it!Not good. Not good. At. All. 
The only reason I'm giving it a second star is because the first time I dined here it was "meh" and the second time it was downright awful. The service was absolutely horrific. Our server was sweating profusely and visited our table only after being flagged down.  
My husband ordered the lamb shank and it was so gross he barely finished the first bite. 
I live in the neighborhood and can't pass by this place without throwing up in my mouth a little bit.Superb. Too stuffed to tell you how exquisitely well done every dish was. Thank you, Joe, for you guidance, humor, expertise and friendship.Went in last night for a birthday dinner and it was amazing! Really small and homey atmosphere that made us feel like we were in Italy. They were extremely attentive and super sweet! Everyone loved their dish. I had the risotto and will be back for it again. When the time came to sing happy birthday they shut off all of the lights and everyone in the restaurant sang together, the perfect touch. Highly recommend.This BYOB is a great find!  Don't let the size of the interior fool you, this is our favorite Italian restaurant around all of Philly and South Jersey.  The food quality is amazing, and the service is like nothing else you will find.  Joe is awesome! However, don't expect them to fold your napkin into origami animals, in fact, don't expect them to fold your napkin at all.  It's just not that type of place. They don't have ice, bring your own if you want it, there's no coffee, cappuccino, latte, etc... only espresso.   We've been coming here for years and we love the food and the service so much that we chose to have our wedding rehearsal dinner here.  I can't say enough for the quality you receive here, you get far more than you pay for.No 2000 word essay needed. BYO a good bottle, and head on over. Always a treat.Five of us dined here from Texas/Louisiana. Small table in the back but we fit fine. Our dining experience here was amazing! Both the waiter/waitress was nice and funny! Our salad was good and our entrees were delicious! The restaurant was very small and busy at the time (830-930) but we got in and out in a timely manner. Price was a little more that we wanted but we expected it for nicer dining. The down side was that the bread was good but the sauce that they came out with the bread was not liked by our table. We just asked for butter. So outside of that our dining experience was very good!You did not try. Nice message to try to convince other potential customers. You did not treat us well and you know it. You should recognize your errors too. All the best.We  are from Myrtle Beach, SC and when ever we visit family in Philadelphia, dinner here is a must!
Yes it's small, yes it's BYOB and yes they are often over crowded ,but the intimate atmosphere and unreal service is what we go for.
The food is authentic Italian and they go out of their way to tailor your dinner to your taste.
If chain restaurant Italian is what you want , don't come here, but if a truly fine dining
experience is what you want, this is the place for you.
P.S.- We are coming June 25th for our anniversary!6/10
Great place because it is a BYOB. Otherwise, I would prefer to go somewhere else. 
Food - pretty good. Authentic Italian food. Nothing to drool over. Mussels were great, though a tad salty which was mitigated by the bread they provide to dip in the sauce.
Ambiance/service - almost too cozy. They shift tables around to fit around the customers. It's a good thing because you don't have to wait toooo long but at the same time, it may feel like you are on top of other diners.
The service needs work. They seemed short staffed and it was somewhat hectic with tables getting wrong orders and others waiting to order.
The best part is the owner. He's charismatic, talks to each table, and almost overly engaging rather than getting food in and out. 
There are better options for Italian food.I'm giving this place 4 stars for mostly the service and atmosphere alone!! From the outside the restaurant looks really small, but is cozy and intimate inside and fit almost 30 of my friends for a BYO easily. They were very accommodating when I called them and reminded me multiple times that it was a BYO and cash-only, and followed up a few days beforehand to confirm my reservation. 
The service was extraordinary, with the waiters explaining the specials and menu items patiently. The unlimited bread and sauce (I'm not sure what it was??) was SO tasty while they prepared our dishes and we waited and sipped wine. I ordered an appetizer of mussels, which was exactly what I was looking for (I wasn't expecting a gourmet meal or anything), and my friends' food orders all looked decent --not fantastic, but good enough. 
The prices were a little high for the portions, with the menu options slightly limited, but they do make delicious sauce for all of their food and you are paying for the atmosphere and to support a cash-only establishment. The waiters and waitresses made a lot of jokes and created a fun and lighthearted environment, so I would definitely feel comfortable recommending this place for any cozy BYO for a group of people.DON'T GO HERE AS A GROUP
The obnoxious, loud, rude, pushy waiter literally ruined this meal. Our group of 15 was forced into ordering appetizers and persuaded into dining off the price fixe menu. We almost got scammed again when they tried to serve us bottled San Pellegrino instead of tap water. 
The food was pretty overrated. Aside from the appetizers, which turned out to be pretty good, everything was greasy and over seasoned. 
For $50 per person, there are plenty of restaurants and BYOB's in Philly that will provide a much more enjoyable experience.This place is the greatest Italian BYO in Philly...bar none.  A real Old City gem. The service is impeccable, staff, properly arrogant, but friendly and  the food... superb.  I was here 5+ years ago and came back just this evening.  We shared the Antipasti which was several hot and cold items.  The fretata on the platter was excellent, as were the roasted peppers, bruschetta,etc.  My son just moved into the neighborhood last week and we went there for dinner tonight.  The bread is served with an eggplant puree with EVOO.... outstanding!  I had the evening's special gnocci with a tomato/garlic/gorgonzzola sauce that was out of this world.  My son had the spaghetti a la carbonara which was another winner.  Since we were full from the hearty meal, the waiter Dennis provided a freshly filled cannoli to go as a welcome to the neighborhood for my son.  My son, I and guests will return many times for the great food and friendly staff.  Cannot believe why I waited so long to return???This place is bangin with a capital B. My girlfriend and I split some mussels with red sauce. She loved soaking the bread in the sauce and eating it. I had a caesar salad beforehand. My girlfriend ordered the linguini and clams with scallops topped with arugula special, she digged it very very much. I had the lobster ravioli with crabmeat and it was delicuso! For dessert, we split the tiramisu and you couldn't go wrong with that either. The place is really cosy and small but it feels like your sitting in the kitchen with their family! Definitely coming back. Only a couple waitresses but very impressive service! Thank you Joe!!!Call ahead and they will bend over backwards to accommodate you!
This is a family owned BYOB that is great.  They will keep your drinks in the back and try to make sure they stay chilled for you, the food is not your standard menu and is really good.  I ordered the tomato and shrimp pasta, I forget the name, but it was good... not amazing by any means but not bad.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their dishes a lot more than me and overall we had a great time.  The prices were decent and I think it is a great place to try, especially for the atmosphere.  One of the best BYOBs in the city!Came here spontaneously for lunch on a bad day. This place brightened my day. I had the $15 lunch special and everything was fantastic. The mushroom crepe was great, the seafood risotto was excellent and I still can't forget the vegetable soup! The service was a little unprofessional and casual for me, but not so much that I was turned off.I had briefly read about this place in a Philly guidebook, so when a local friend suggested that we head here for dinner, we were totally on board.
I didn't remember reading about it being a BYOB, but most BYOB places on the West Coast offer non-alcoholic beverages.  (It's not Bring Your Own Beverage so much as Bring Your Own Booze.)  I'm not a big alcohol drinker, so I figured I'd just order a soda.
However, our only options were flat water and sparkling water.  We didn't feel like making a wine run, so we settled on water.  Good choice, right?
I'd chalk all of that up to us being bumbling tourists who didn't know the  BYOB rules on the East Coast.  Not the restaurant's fault.
Now, the hubby is not a fan of eggplant.
But even he agreed that their eggplant pate (served with the bread) was divine.
The waiter comes over, and we ask for his recommendations.  He suggests the mushroom crepes as an appetizer.
Now, the hubby is not a fan of mushrooms or savory crepes.
But he was fighting the urge to lick the plate after we were done.
The rest of the evening is a blur.  I think the hubby ordered pasta, and our friend and I ordered fish dishes.
We were all wishing that there were main dish portions of the eggplant pate and mushroom crepes.Mussels tasted OK but we're very sandy, bread was meh, linguine with salmon and spinach was tasty but a little on the salty side. Food was good, not fab but I hadn't eaten anything all day. 
Service was okay but shorthanded. Only one server who was very nice had her teenage daughter helping (who was obviously not happy about having to be there). Wish Yelp had a half star rating... Would have given this place 3 1/2 'sBeware, the restaurant is really small and they have a big problem with people who made reservations having to wait up to an hour! The people ahead of us waited an hour and we waited thirty minutes even though we made a reservation and showed up early. Once you're inside, the atmosphere is great, the service is fantastic (our waiter Joe was hilariously south Philly Italian and gave us free dessert for the wait) and the food is really great. I wish I could give this place 5 stars but the half hour wait takes it down some. Otherwise it was a really great night and I recommend highly if you're ok with sitting around, but it's byob and there isn't even a bar to pass the time so it's pretty unfortunate.I came to phili for work and i stumbled on this place. The owner was very welcoming and nice. The food was amazing and authentic italian food. I had the tortellini and wow it was delicious.I recommend this place. It is a hidden gem.I am just shocked when I see all the positive reviews for this place.  I ate here with my husband and friends a few months ago.  I remember how disappointed i was with the whole experience, because its a big deal for us to travel into the city to dine.  The food was  completely ordinary and unmemorable.  Our waiter was brusque and did not make us feel welcome.  If you are from out of town, please do not form your impression of Philadelphia restaurants based on this mediocre place - the city has many fabulous restaurants.  If you ARE from the city and you think this is good Italian food, it's time you ventured into the suburbs to learn what really good is!!  In places at a similar price point to La Locanda, try for example, Frankie's in Berwyn or Trattoria Giuseppe in Edgmont.  Lalocanda has a great location and it's BYOB.  I'm afraid those are the only positive things I can say about it.Excellent atmosphere great waiter attentive, funny and very welcoming paid attention to us food good will come backWords cannot express how delicious our meals were.  Best gnocchi I have ever had, hands down.  Go, order, and see for yourself.
Not many places are more deserving of 5 stars than this one.  We arrived, a party of 4, not knowing what to expect - and without a reservation. (Do make one on weekends!). Instead of turning us away however, they squeezed us in with a sincere hospitality that you don't often find when dining out.  From there on out it only got better, with wonderful food and a FANTASTIC waiter.  The bread's dipping sauce is a unique blend, and the cannoli are to die for.  Did I mention byob?
Needless to say, we will be back.Great Italian food at this BYOB.  Our table for our Saturday night reservation for four was ready when we arrived (which is good because there is no real room to wait inside).  I'd strongly recommend making a reservation, because it was packed.  In short, the food was really good, the service was very good, and the atmosphere was upbeat.  We sat near the open kitchen and it wasn't loud (as others have said), although the restaurant was not a quiet place due to the full house.  Our out of town friend who is an Italian food aficionado had nothing but praise for the food.  Two things to remember --- it's cash only and it's a BYOB.  The Wine & Spirits Store is a few blocks away on Second Street just south of Market Street if you're wondering, and you can buy beer across the street from the liquor store.Favorite spot in the city. 
Loud, crowded, a little rowdy, but the most friendly, funny, welcoming service, great old-school your-grandma-made-this-dish-in-1970 style Italian food, and the best place to bring too much wine and spend a whole night. 
On the weekends I definitely recommend reservations because it can get so busy, and even then you might have to wait because people hang out and drink wine and enjoy the atmosphere too long, and I also recommend planning on waiting a little while for everything from water to your wine being opened to your bill coming. It's a small kitchen and two servers for a busy restaurant, but good things WILL come to those who wait. 
Get the mushroom crepes. And probably whatever the meat special and gnocchi special is. I've never been let down.
At one point a server was bussing a large table next to us and actually put the dirty dishes onto our table, but spent the whole time joking around with us, and I couldn't even get mad about it. There's just something magical and friendly and homey about this place.Decent for a weeknight Italian BYOB. The weeknight special $$ is the reason I come back. The food is just as expected and that is fine with me! I love their penne vodka and raviolis.I was here for a birthday of 30+ people and for the place being relatively small they were able to handle our large group extremely well. Unfortunately, the restaurant was infested with fruit flys which made the dining experience awful!Tiny BYOB in Old City, location and size is part of the charm  - as are the comical servers (I've been here so many times, I don't know anymore - is the act for real?)  This place is a solid 3.5 star'er.  Home-y, traditional Italian-American fare served in massive portions.  They've got garlic and they aren't afraid to use it.  I wouldn't recommend this place for a date or to impress - because though the food for the most part is satisfying the whole experience is noticeably contrived.
Thursdays through Saturdays, even if you make reservations, you are bound to wait for your table.  There is virtually no waiting area save the little entrance and a chair or two outside (weather permitting) Go in no more than a group of four.
Stick to their pastas and their specials of the day and you'll be happy.  Safe primi bets: the orrechiette, the ravioli of the day and the eggplant pasta are sure to please.  Their secondis are always what fall a little short for me, thus a star deduction.  As appetizer make sure you order their mushroom crepe.  Their antipasto is ho-hum.
Il Cantuccio is their sister restaurant in Northern Liberties, and comparing apples to apples, I find that its sibling delivers better, all things being equal.  However, La Locanda is still a safe Old city BYOB bet for a small group of friends who have a craving for pasta and a show (although, try Raddichio first!)I ordered the pasta with light wine sauce with shrimp. YUMMY! I love how it is a small intimate place and that you can BYOB/wine without a corkage fee!!!Found this place on grubhub. The food was so good! I got a Greek salad and it was delicious with anchovies in it, which were so fresh and salty. I ordered it because it said there were anchovies in it and many places don't do that, but there were plenty of anchovies in it! The lettuce was fresh and crisp and they give you garlic knots with a salad. I usually don't eat them, but they smelled so delicious I had to try one. I'm giving 4 stars only because thye forgot the dressing, but the salad was sooo good that I didn't even really need it.mushroom crepes are a must.  other than that, most of the food is very similar.  it's decent and the portions are large, but the tastes seem to run together.  that it's byo is great... order an espresso at the end and casually ask for a shot of amaretto ... they'll usually hook you up for $3 or so.
oh, and some of those "italian" accents on the waiters... more like exaggerated delco dialects.  but for some, that adds to the atmosphere, right? ha.The pasta I ordered was okay, but I think the whole menu is overpriced, I just can't justify it based on the quality and quantity. 
Menu is relatively unvaried for an Italian restaurant (and no salads!). Our server was intermittently rude, and we were DENIED WATER outright. "Bottled water only". I've never experienced this at any restaurant, and only once at a bar in my life.
Poor service, mediocre menu, and fair quality at a high cost give this a 1.5 star at best in my book. I have found other superior italian BYO's in Philly, I'll return to those instead.I absolutely loved this place.
The mushroom crepes were excellent. I ordered a special (ravioli with crab in a pink sauce) which was also excellent - very generous with the crab! The dessert was wonderful - I ordered a crepe stuffed with bananas, strawberries, and whipped cream, with chocolate sauce and powdered sugar drizzled on top. By boyfriend ordered the cannolis and said they were the best he's ever had (and he is Italian).
The staff was funny, entertaining and treated you as if you were a member of the family. I asked for my ravioli to go, and I forgot my wrapped food on my table. A member of the staff yelled out to me from the restaurant "You forgot your food!" loud enough so I heard. How many other restaurants would care enough to track me down 2 blocks away?! Not too many. 
Excellent food, excellent service, and a staff that cares. Be sure to make a reservation - there is limited seating.I've eaten here four or five times the past few years and come back when I visit Philadelphia. I love this place, a sort of "hole in the wall" restaurant. It is not exactly off the beaten track, but you don't get the hoards of tourists here (like myself) you'll get elsewhere in the historic district and in Central City.
The food is terrific and I like the atmosphere.  It is BYOB so either buy a bottle from the liquor store a few doors down the street or brown bag from home.  Lately the place has gotten rather noisy when a crowd does show up as it is a small place.  The decor is very attractive and the staff very friendly.  A late lunch or an early dinner is a good bet if you want some peace and quiet.  The only reason I didn't give the place a five star is the "sometimes" high noise level when things get active.My fiancé and I had dinner here last night. We had made a reservation online via Table 37, but when we got the restaurant were told they do not accept online reservations and have been working to get themselves taken off of the online reservation site. The woman at the restaurant was very nice, and even though it was a busy Saturday night and we didn't have (real) reservations, she was able to accommodate us and seat us very quickly. 
The service was great, the food was even better, and the atmosphere warm and welcoming. I had the Gnocchi, which was melt-in-your-mouth delicious, and my fiancé had a Ravioli special. We both cleaned our plates. 
We will definitely be coming back to this restaurant for the ambiance, friendly staff, and most of all the food.I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, because of the high ranking.  Over the past year, whenever I was searching yelp for somewhere new to try, this was always in my list of places to choice from.  I was taken here on a date to celebrate my birthday, and if it wasn't for a 'special night' maybe I would be giving a high rating.  I think we were both expecting a more upscale restaurant.  I would have even liked it if the atmosphere was more intimate by softer lighting, and music.  You can tell that's not what they are going for, so that was our mistake.
Food: We each started with the house salad.  Huge, and was more like an antipasto.  For my entree I ordered a pasta dish with chicken and peas in a pink sauce.  It was pretty tasty, the chicken was chunks of juicy white meat and the sauce was delicious.  For dessert I ordered a cannoli but had to take it home because I was stuffed. 
Overall this is a good BYO.   Not the best Italian I've had in the city, but a solid meal with generous portions.  They were running their own restaurant week inspired special.. an appetizer salad, main plate and dessert for $25.Fun, loud and as Italian as it gets!!  Great food presentations and super friendly owners!! Not a place for the over sensitive, uptight type. But if you want to have a great time with incredible food and service, this is the place to be!First time going to this place on Valentines Day. Took my gf here because we both love authentic Italian food. The place was busy, packed, and loud. I looked at the images posted on yelp to see what the inside was like, and I knew that the inside was small (okay fair game). When we got there, we were seated right away because I made reservations. We were greeted with great personality servers, but that was the only thing great about the place (the personality only). The service itself was not great at all, a lady came by with our bread, which was hard as a rock. The waiter was explaining what they had on the menu, but the place was so loud that I could not understand what he was saying, I simply smiled and had to pretend like  I understood what he was saying. The place is a BYOB, so you get to bring your own wine which is great. We started with the appetizers and we both got the salad special (highly recommended,but not really, they only had salad special, muscles salad and one with tomatoes and mozz cheese). I ordered the crab and lobster pasta ( the actual name is not even on their menu online) and my gf got a some salmon pasta (again not on their online menu). Both the entrees were terrible and so salty. If that wasn't enough, the waiter didn't even realize that we didn't get water until after we were forcing the food down our throats. My gf didn't even finish half the plate. I asked for the check and a waitress lady was trying to force us to buy desserts, which i rejected immediately. We asked for a box and the lady did not give us a bag with our boxes. The thing that shocked me the most was when my gf realized that she was sitting on broken glass pieces from the wine cups from another reservation. Its a good thing she had cushion (booty) or she could have been seriously hurt. At that point I needed to leave the place.. and the waiter was still trying to force us to buy dessert, even suggested we take it home. I got the check and it came to $143 which included $9.00 in tax and $24 in gratuity. You are telling me that 2 salads and 2 pastas cost $110, and they included $24 in gratuity, which the waiter did not even come around to give us water? I was so shocked and disgusted with the place that I needed to leave, I didn't have enough cash on me (CASH ONLY) and had to use the atm. I went home and looked at their menu and the average price of the appetizer cost $8 and entrees cost $18.00. When I calculated the cost including tip, it only came up to $87 including the tax and gratuity. I am so furious of how unprofessional this place is (service, staff, cost), they do not have the prices on their menu (in store) and is very limited, DO NOT be fooled by their online menu. DO NOT be fooled by the pictures on yelp because the atmosphere was not intimate at all. They had cheap wine glasses and a single candle, the ones you see that are shaped like checkers pieces. I will be calling them tomorrow about the prices on their menu. No wonder they are CASH ONLY, its because they don't want any evidences of how much you paid. This place is a low key place to get scammed for terrible food. I will NOT be returning ever again. I am the type of person who tries to fair when it comes to rating service, food, atmosphere, and try to be understanding that yes when it gets busy, things can slip up.. but NOT in this case. 
Warning to future customers: Have at least $200 in cash, and you will walk away with $0 (3 course meal). Call the place and ask about their menu for tonight because the online menu is NOT in their actual store. I cannot believe this place got a 4.3 on google and a 4 star on yelp. 
If you want a nice garbage meal with extra salt and hard rock bread with NO WATER, this is the place for you.
Edit: Turns out the entrees we ordered were -Salmon risotto special -Lobster and crab ravioliExcellent BYOB! This was a first date and this little Italian restaurant didn't let me down. Great atmosphere. Friendly servers. Tasty food.  I would recommend the gnocchi dish if it is available, some of the best I've ever had. 
The only con on the night was overbooking. The staff was quick to push us out of the door after we paid. I suppose that comes with the territory of a Friday night.
All in all, definitely worth checking out. Reservations recommended.La Locanda Del Ghiottone is my favorite restaurant by far. When I walk in I feel like I am having dinner at my adopted Italian family's home. Joe always greets me with a big hug and welcomes me back . I normally go on the weekends because that's when they serve those awesome crab cakes that I love . Joe knows my order by heart... salad with mango, crab cake dinner with linguine in red sauce and dessert those amazing crepes. Anytime someone wants to go to dinner I take them here. Joe and staff my husband Joe and I will be back real soon thanks for always serving me an amazing dinner and treating us like family.Had a taste of a couple of the different pastas and they were all great. The mussels were also great, and I think generally the seafood is just quality here. BYOB policy is awesome, service was also awesome.I keep coming back here and have never been disappointed. Everything on and off the menu is incredible and the service is the best. I highly recommend the stuffed clams as an app. They run out quick for a reason!Good food, friendly service, BYOB, an absolute solid deal.
I came here for a friend's birthday and unlike places like Mercato that are also cash-only, this place takes reservations. Thank goodness. I really gripe on things like that. The restaurant was very patient managing our big group and for that I give them props.
I ate so much food I thought I was going to fall over. While you're wating for your food, you get bread with this really addicting eggplant sauce. We contemplated taking the big tub of it which was right by our table.  The mushroom crepes are a great appetizer and actually pretty filling. One of the specialties about La Locanda is that their gnocchi is made from ricotta instead of potatoes, as previously mentioned by other reviewers. Pretty tasty. I got to mooch off of others for a taste of mussels and crab cakes. The mussels came right out of their shell making for an easy eat and the crab cakes were so soft.  After all the great appetizers and dishes, I opted to get a cannoli since I haven't had one in a while. Oh, such decadence! Chocolate chips and chocolate sauce, oh sugary-sweetness. The tiramisu was really good from what I could tell (not soggy). Great ways to top off my meal :)
This place gets crowded, but you have room to breathe unlike *ahem Mercato. Make sure to make reservations and bring a bottle when you go and enjoy!The smell of garlic hits you in the face as you walk in and the heat from the kitchen makes you sweat, but in a good way. The food is amazingly fresh and delicious. The service is authentic and very loud, but loud that makes you laugh as everyone else in the small room listens to the specials as they're belted out to your table. The price is noce and the menu has classics not drab americanized dishes.My family and I were trying to find a place to eat and we stumbled upon La Locanda Del Ghiottone. When we walked in, we were very happy to find a beautifully decorated space with a quiet ambience. The menu was small, but we were happy with the offerings. I ordered the Penne Alla Vodka without the prosciutto or peas. I asked to have spinach in it instead. The rest of my party had the fish of the day, swordfish and the salmon on top of pasta with salmon and white cream sauce.  After we finished ordering, the waiter brought over this delicious tomato spread and warm bread. My family and I were very happy with our food. I would highly recommend this place for a date night or small party. It's BYOB.This is a quaint BYOB fantastic Italian restaurant located in The Old City neighborhood.   The food and service were outstanding and it's definitely a place you want to visit when you are in Philadelphia!
They offer a 3 course dinner special that is absolutely reasonably priced from Sunday - Thursday!  Out of this world tiramisu and creme brûlée... Nothing else to say other than don't miss out visiting this restaurant!!While I was impressed with the food, I cannot give this restaurant anything but a 1 star for the abysmal service.  Things did not get off to a good note when the waiter told our party that he couldn't bring more glasses to the table (even though not everyone had one) because they had put one out per person.  Then, things got even worse when the waiter tried to sneakily charge our party for spring water.  He did not make it clear that he was offering bottled water, and when one member of our party said they wanted water, the waiter went on to immediately open two bottles.  I immediately objected saying that we just wanted tap water, which we did, and the waiters were very rude.  This kind of service is unacceptable, and so I will neither return nor ever recommend this restaurant to anyone.The best, most authentic Italian restaurant in the city. If you're looking for a cozy, quaint atmosphere, delicious food, and great service, this is the place to go.great little italian restaurant in olde city.  feels very much like italy, with authentic food and a very loud waiter.  small, but really how a restaurant should be, nice but not too fancy.Man, I really hate writing reviews like this but when you're in the business of Yelping they're inevitable. 
Boo and I got married in October and spent our honeymoon in Paris. For this reason we thought it would be an appropriate gesture to take our mother's to a French restaurant to say thank you for their help with the wedding. More specifically we wanted to go to Bibou however anytime we could grab an reservation someone in our dining quad was unable to make it. As the weeks went on we decided lets just go somewhere we know is reliable and will be easy to get a table. 
La Locanda Del Ghiottone please enter stage right. Boo and I have been here several times and it's always been solid. Never mind blowing but I have really yet to find that anywhere in Philadelphia when it comes to Italian. We made our reservation for 7:30 and upon arriving waited about 10 minutes to be seated which is totally reasonable. We were placed in the corner by an exit which made it very cold and the moms actually left their scarves on for the duration of the visit. This is definitely not the end of the world, I would much rather be on the chilly side than the hot side.
This review is geared more towards the service so I'll give a quick recap. We got 3 apps and 4 main courses and everything was very good. The waiters we had were some of the best I've ever had and by the time we were ready for dessert everyone was thoroughly satisfied. 
We ordered canolis for dessert and sipped espressos while we let the meal digest. We were having a fantastic time up until this point when an older hostess leans in to me and says "I'm gonna give you five minutes ok". Both moms looked at me like what did we do wrong?? I just looked at her and didn't say anything. We'd been there for an hour and 15 minutes at that point. Boo and I were organizing the money and preparing to call for an Uber. It was completely inappropriate and if our table was really needed there are a million more polite ways of going about it.
The bill came to about $260 with tip and before this little incident it was worth every penny, but this was such a huge turnoff and as much as I loved our waiters I won't risk having any type of meaningful meal here again.One of my least favorite things to do is wait past my reservation time to get a table so I was a little grumpy walking in. The food was a little slow to get to the table which was ok, this was a great place to open a couple bottles of wine and enjoy the company of your friends. Literally everything I ate was fantastic. The arugula salad was delicious, I couldn't get enough bread to soak up the broth from the mussels, the gnocchi was great and the cannolis were perfect.This BYO is perfectly quiet and loud at the same time. I don't know how they do it. It is always full and they mange to make you feel like you are the only table around when they come over. The food is great! the crepes and gnocchi are perfect. yum!Had reservations booked through their website for sat night for 7 people.  We show up there and they said the reservations were cancelled - how unprofessional!!!! We had this planned for a while and to just be so rude and say "oh they were Booked and cancelled."  What does that even mean - cancelled by whom?  I can't believe it - we ended up going to a much better place so everything worked out for the better, but I am still disappointed with this place:La Lochanda is a hidden gem! I've lived in Philly for 10 years and am happy to say there are still amazing restaurants in this city. Here's what I enjoyed the most: the atmosphere- from the moment you walk in the door you're treated like family. This place is cozy & warm- whether seated inside or out, you feel like you're sitting in your mother's kitchen waiting for a home cooked meal. Joe was so sweet & bent over backwards to make my friends & I feel at home. The food was spectacular- all home made pastas. I had the crab cake for an appetizer & risotto as a main course. Finally the creme brûlée was the bomb! This place was phenomenal! I can't wait to go back again- thank you for a wonderful meal!This is the best casual Italian restaurant in Philadelphia. It's very authentic, like a small Italian Trattoria.  The owners/ staff are also so kind and flexible, you can pretty much order whatever you like.  Cute al fresco seating and byob So happy to live close to this place!My friends took me here for my birthday once, and it was quite enjoyable. The food was cooked just right, smelled great, and tasted great. I'd have to go back to write an in-depth review, but from what I remember, it was worth it. Nice atmosphere as well.Love this place! Service is great and definitely a fun and lively atmosphere. Food is always fresh and there are always a variety of choices on the menu.This is in a beautiful part of Old City and the interior is just as lovely as the surrounding neighborhood. The food was delicious as well. I had the special of ravioli stuffed with lobster in a shrimp sauce. It was -very- filling.
The staff was nice in that they were prompt about chilling our beers as this is BYOB. Our waitress however was not around frequently, so I took a star off for service.
Be warned this is cash only and there is an ATM on-site.Creative and classic food.  The whole dining experience is a pleasure.In a rare mood Friday night, I suggested and Italian dinner.  When I saw how excited Emily got, I couldn't turn it down.  Somehow, La Locando wound up on my short list of places to try out, and so we were off.  
La Locanda Del Ghiottone is a cozy little BYO in Olde City.  It's a plus that there's a good wine store only a few blocks away at 2nd and Market.  The atmosphere is the most noticeable aspect of dining.  It's small, loud, and and inviting.  The tables are crammed together in a fashion that if you don't talk to the people next to you at least politely at some point, it's more awkward than ignoring them.  The servers all work together and are excellent and almost nonstop.  The servers also like to joke around, give you a hard time, and yell at the top of their lungs.  If you're not in the mood, it could be annoying, but it's really all in good fun.  When taking too long to order, the waiter asked me if I was "waiting for the executioner to come."
We started out with mussels as the appetizer.  They claim to use a "14 year old secret sauce."  It's no secret that it could use some improvement.  White wine is the best base for mussels, and although we were severed delicious mussels, the red tomato sauce just doesn't cut it.  These were, however, well cooked and sizable.  It was a good amount for $9. 
A regiment of specials compliment the regular menu, and they seem to be a great place to start looking for dinner.  I remember hearing that he gnocchi here was excellent, so I chose that with Gorgonzola tomato sauce.  The gnocchi is made from ricotta, and it truly is probably the best gnocchi I've ever had.  It's rich and creamy, and the sauce was excellent; it complimented the pasta without overpowering it.  The portion was perfectly sized.  Emily was excited about the spaghetti carbonara.  She order it sans bacon, and her dish was also great.  Well prepared and tasty with a good mix of the ingredients.  By the end of the meal, we were too full to take on dessert.  I did see it from the table next to us, and it looked great.
Bottom Line:  This place is a lot of fun.  The food here is great, too, so it's not like you're just coming for the atmosphere.  You definitely have to be in a particular mood to enjoy dinner.  It's a great little BYO, and it has excellent prices for where it's located in the city and what you get.Love the staff, they are hilarious!!! The best mushrooms crepes in the city. My husband and I are regulars at La Locanda and are treated like family everytime we go there. It's a byo restuarant with a comfy atmosphere that is perfect for a date night or a night out with a bunch of  friends.This place is the best.  We moved to Philly recently.  You go a few times, they remember you.  The food is great, always fresh and delicious.  The sauce that comes with the bread is awesome.  And most of all, they care about your experience.  A +++This restaurant was really delicious.  Service was nothing special but we didn't experience any rude waiters or yelling that other Yelpers have mentioned.  I'm vegan and they were able to make me a delicious mushroom pasta dish with tomato rather than cream sauce.  Others I ate with enjoyed their meals as well.PROS:  Had the striped bass special here.  Awesome!  Woman I'm dating brought me here and she made a great decision.  I'd recommend it for a date.
CONS:  None.Great BYOB!  Waiters are friendly, food is generally good but I've had a few dishes that were just ok. Place always has space available for a last second reservation. Def try the mushroom crepes!Great Italian authentic place!! It's a BYOB and cash only place so go prepared. My friend and I had the mushroom crepes (delicious!), spicy fettuccine (excellent flavor with a kick), and a seafood dish and they were all fantastic. I've been to Italy and this place definitely tops my list for an authentic Italian food in Philly. This place is small and intimate- we went pretty early for dinner. The kitchen is right in the middle of the restaurant where you can tell they are freshly preparing everything. If you're around the Olde City area definitely worth trying! Will be going back :)Excellent service, great food... Nice clean, quaint place...I loveeeeeeee it..prices aren't bad...waiter threw in an extra dessert just because... I'd come here again QUICK!!  hidden gem!!!We came here this past Friday with a group of 6 to celebrate a friend's birthday, and I wasn't overly impressed. I will say, though, that it was First Friday and there were only a few servers working, so the chaos was running on high. Maybe it'd be a different experience on a calmer night.
Our group was running a few minutes late due to traffic, so I called from the car to apologize and let them know we were on our way. No problem. Once we were seated, though, it took maybe 15 minutes for anyone to come around and offer water (let's be honest, I don't care about the water, but we had several bottles of wine to cork and my inner boozehound can get a little impatient). 
Our wine was corked and water was poured eventually, but service remained spotty throughout the evening. Bread is served with some sort of red pepper spread, just a heads up, so might wanna ask for butter/olive oil from the get go if that's your thing. I will say, though, that everyone was very nice and apologetic when they were taking a while to bring things to the table.
As the food goes, everything was very good with the exception of one misstep. We got:
-Crabcakes
-Mussels
-Salmon risotto special
-Lobster and crab ravioli
-Penne profumate (chicken, mushroom, peas and penne in a pink sauce)
-Pork fillet special (w/ mashed potatoes and broccoli rabe)
Everything but the pork was really, really tasty & well portioned. The pork came out raw, like completely 100 percent raw, so we had to wait another 25 minutes for them to cook it more, and by that time I had filled up on all the delicious pasta. 
They also sang and brought out tiramisu for the birthday girl, which was an embarrassing and very much appreciated touch. 
Overall, it was a cute lil place with OK service and some pretty solid food. If I was in the area, I might come back again.That's my second visit. First one was long ago with my husband and I remember a good impression about it. Today we came without reservation and were seated promising we are not going to be more than an hour. We ordered Caesar salad, gnocchi in pink sauce and lasagna special of the day. Caesar salad left me completely underwhelmed. Gnocchi were really tasty and sauce was wonderful, and lasagna above average but nothing to write home about. For desert we got tiramisu and a coffee. Both were pretty good.The atmosphere was warm, with tables pretty close to each other. The service though was friendly but so mediocre to the point I thought down right bad. Passing dishes and taking dirty plates right in front of our faces to the next table, not offering more bread or offering desert, giving miscalculated bill and a few other minor things. I love small family owned businesses in the community.  Maybe I had higher expectations based on my memory but can't give more than 3 unfortunately ( food 3.5, service 2)This was actually my second go around at La Locanda- the first was a few years ago but obviously good enough I decided to come back and sample it again.
Made a reservation for four same night on a Saturday which was very easy.  We showed up on time and was told it would be a bit so if we wanted to go have a drink somewhere else we could for about 30 minutes- appreciate the honesty and flexibility!  Once we did get in, the server did a fantastic job of describing the specials, in fact too good.  My friend and I each ordered one and low and behold they were out of half the ingredients!  SO, quick note try not to get one of the last reservations of the night, they may run out.  We decide to stick with the specials and they just re-adapted them - not as good as I think it would have been but still alright.  Highlights: bring wine and cash, absolutely get the mushroom crepe, and go a bit earlier int he night.  Cute atmosphere and a great value for Olde City BYOB.Food and service were very good. Restaurant is cute but cramped and didn't really have enough room for our large party. We asked for water and they gave us warm water because they don't have ice. When we were finished, I was very surprised and puzzled when I asked the hostess to call us a taxi and she said no, we don't do that. The restaurant wasn't that busy so it seemed really odd considering it's not on a busy street and you can't just flag someone on the street. We went to a pizza place a few doors down and *they* called a taxi for us.Such a fun place and great atmosphere, specials are always good and I love a BYOB!  Cash only!!The food was very good
I enjoy eating at the  non chain resturants in Olde City and South Philly. My brother wanted to celebrate his birthday at one of his favorite resturants. Well it is now one of my favorites. I enjoyed the Striped Bass with a white clam sauce. Fantastic. Everyone else enjoyed there meals also. My sister had the Canaloni  and impressed with the fresh taste and the twist of shimp filling inside. 
The waiters were very attentive and the the atmosphere was charming. I will definately be returning in the future.Fun place to eat! The food is South Philly Italian. Big portions, garlicky sauces. Satisfying. If feels nice and familial, the staff will joke around with you a bit but they don't overdo it. A nice meal and a nice experience. The crab cakes were tasty and we kept getting more bread to sop up all the delicious sauce.This is my go to place for groups! It is such a small and cozy place with so much character.  The waiters really make this place with their thick Italian-American accents.  There is such a fun and jolly vibe here and everyone will leave happy and full on wine and food after a night out here.  
It's BYOB.  They have great food (try the mushroom crepes or gnocchi with gorgonzola sauce or the pasta with sauasages).  I think if you have a big group that is celebrating (especially if you want to go out in old city after) then this place is a great place to choose!Took my mom here for her 80th birthday party. Or maybe I should correct that. Took about 20 or so friends and family here for moms 80th birthday and we had so much fun we didn't want to leave! 
Though there is usually about a two hour limit on tables, we were there longer, and there was only a bit of pressure to wrap it up.  The staff was really helpful, generous and attentive. 
The byob policy is perfect for a situation like ours, and we just let the food fly! It was delicious - every bit of it that I remember. I write this review a year and a half later as we are sitting in a cafe across the street, previously hoping, though we should have checked first- for a lunch meal that doesn't exist. Oh well. We will be back!! It was totally memorable enough to return on a day getting mom into the city.