Although the food is good, standing for 20 minutes for your food is not that great and rather lonely. They need to improve the wait time in their outdoor seafood shack. I literally stood (due to lack of seats) for a little over 20 minutes waiting for 2 'fast food' burgers, an order of fries, and coleslaw. The food arrived on cute metal trays sans utensils and napkins that you had to pick up yourself. The burgers were tasty and I like the sauce. I also digged the slaw.  For some people (don't ask me how), they got table service. For others, who paid the same price for food, they got none.  Hopefully they will improve it. Also, it would also be nice if the outside bar had other nonalcoholic drinks, besides water, maybe a lemonade and a sweet tea.I haven't been here for a while. When and why did they change the menu?? What was wrong with the previous menu? Such a beautiful space and previously great classic bistro menu. Now, it feels like yet another Philly hipster bar food joint. Wings?? Spaghetti?!? "Hang Town Fry"??? How plebeian. 
If the location was more central, or parking more plentiful, this would've been my regular go-to spot. La Peg was one of the best casual French spots in the city. Now? I pass. Just another blah white hipster Philly spot. Sad.Good food for reasonable prices, although they don't have a large menu. For my entree, I had the Lancaster chicken with succotash. It was seasoned very nicely and packed with flavour. The chicken was a little dry, but very tender. The service was also good.Ate outside where the different menu lives.
I had the chicken sandwich.
The piece of chicken was 2" x 3" x 1" thick.
Smallest piece of chicken I've ever seen.
Enough said.
Cool, hip place with lots to look at though.Eating in an old water pumping station next to the surprisingly not-on-fire Delaware River (those that have smelled the water know what I mean) sounds a little suspect. It has been a venue and an art gallery with an industrial vibe, pretty much underneath the Ben Franklin Bridge, for as long as I can remember. It is a pretty cool place looking from the outside and has been put to good use for an old utility building. So once it was turned into a restaurant I thought, this is perfect! Like other repurposed buildings in the city, this will be a cool, hip place that got a top tier chef to create a culinary/cultural home run like the FIshtown La Colombe, Jerry's in Northern Liberties, or Frankfort Hall off of Girard Ave. 
Wow, was I wrong.....at least for part of that assumption/hope.
The building and general vibe is as cool as I expected. Old Industrial feel and chic clean design. Really a place you would expect to be filled by young professional severy night, even if the location is a little off the beaten chill-spot path. But what you actually see is very different. My girlfriend and I were the only ones under 55 there and the place was largely empty at 7:30pm, what I consider prime to late dinner time. Since the place looked rather expensive to develop, we expected a lively, cool wait staff. What we got was a waitress that actually talked down on the food, calling the salads "small piles" and admitting all the portions were pretty small, which they defiantly were. With the supposed French inspired menu you would expect good french food with a twist. As the only appetizing options on the menu, the collard green tasting green beans were mediocre, the rabbit pasta was tasty but way too small, and the burger (a weird addition to a "French" menu and probably an attempt to keep up with the gastropub trends) was hilariously forgettable according to my girlfriend. The pumpkin based beer I had and the rosé my girlfriend got tasted like mild pumpkin water and bad zinfandel respectively. Waste. Of. Money.
Also something very important was an article from a Philly based magazine calling the Pho here the best in the city. LIES! The Pho was the main culinary motivation to come here. But for $10 you get a child's size bowl of broth, one small strip of beef, and an underwhelming dumpling, not to forget a predetermined (small) amount of sriracha and hoisin sauce. So. Weak. Even though the bowl was small, the sauces made little to no difference to the taste. Bad. Go to Pho 75 and get MUCH more and better Pho for $6.75. 
Overall this place is not good. The small portions for inflated prices that they hope are justified by the cool atmosphere, fall on their face and are outdone by almost any place in the city not named Taco Bell or McDonalds. The best part of the night was using UberX during their free weekend promotion....and even that was a waste since we live pretty close to the restaurant. The only caveat to the restaurant is that they are relatively new, so things could change, but I doubt they will...and I will not attempt to find out.We came here after seeing a show at the theatre inside in the building.  Our reservation was at 8:15 and since our show was supposed to end at 7:50 I thought that would be plenty of time.  Unfortunately it ran really late and we weren't at the hostess stand until 8:25.  Thankfully our table was still available and we were seated immediately.
The menu is really great looking.  At first glance, just about everything looks great.  There are a variety of small and large plates which combined should make anyone happy and full.
We picked several small dishes and a couple large dishes.  It took a few iterations to get enough stuff.  The kitchen didn't seem too flexible with fixing dishes so my girlfriend could eat them, but we still found plenty we could enjoy together.  Up through the time we ordered everything was going really well.
The food came in waves.  Nothing really stood out as amazing, but at the same time nothing stood out as being really terrible.  Our of the six dishes we picked, nothing really seemed to live up to the menu's hype and description.  Several times when our dishes came out servers brought our stuff to nearby tables first.  Not a big deal since I'm sure the runners are still learning the tables a couple weeks in.
Service though overall really seemed to follow a similar pattern.  No one seemed to know too much about what was going on and no one acted like they really wanted to be there.  Our server forgot we were getting more dishes and almost brought out dessert menus half way through our meal.  We didn't get any extra bread after asking for it during the first few courses that could have used another piece of bread or two.  I felt like all the staff was either far overworked or were all just getting used to working at La Peg.
Overall I would have probably given this place a 3.5 or maybe even a 4.  Nothing was too terrible, but then I saw the charge clear on my card and decided to take off the last half star.  Since service was mediocre I only left ~17% on after tax charges, which is probably still too high.  But when I saw the charge it looks like it was rounded up to a even dollar amount putting the tip at nearly 22%.  If there is one thing I don't like it's having someone mess up a check.
If you want to come here, I'd probably wait a few weeks until the hiccups clear and the crowds from Fringe Festival die down.  Hopefully service improves by then.** BE WARNED, THIS IS NO LONGER A FRENCH INSPIRED MENU**
La Peg has been a great restaurant with great atmosphere and really good service. What has been my favorite thing though, is its French inspired, creative menu. Escargot broiled in delicious garlic, a wonderful beef tartare with capers and shallots. Beef bourguignon poutine, god yes!
Also, the style and atmosphere was comfortable and unpretentious. The beer garden furthered that relaxing and casual atmosphere. 
Until last night,  the last time I had been to la peg was 6 months ago with friends from out of town. My girlfriend and I would take family and friends to la peg anytime someone visited because we genuinely loved it.  
We went last night to get out fix of some French staples, but when we arrived, one look at the menu made me realize this place has made a turn for the worst. What followed was honestly one of the worst and confusing dinners I have ever eaten in Philadelphia.
The restaurant is still named "La Peg" which is so confusing when you consider the "new" menu. Not only is it now just standard American menu but it is honestly one of the most boring menus I have ever seen. 
Salads: chef salad, garden salad, and a Waldorf salad. 
BORING
Appetizers: Clams casino, shrimp cocktail, crabcakes 
SO BORING!
Entrées: Burger with ice burg lettuce and tomato, NY strip with broccoli, broiled salmon, POT ROAST???
SO GODDAMNED BORING
it's like they got a new chef and he took a look at the old menu and was like "I have no clue what poutine even is but I graduated from the Oscar Meyer cooking school for boring ass steakhouses and I trained at Applebee's for 3 years"
So we were so disappointed and I wanted to walk out before we ordered because I just don't want anything from the menu. I wanted something that would tantalize my tastebuds but now I was gonna order either a a damn steak with broccoli or a burger. 
Our server, Sergio, is the ONLY reason I am even giving a star. This poor Frenchmen was our server the last time we came to this wonderful French restaurant. Now he has to sit there and explain to us that they changed the menu to something that isn't even French INSPIRED. 
I order a burger, medium rare is what I ask for. My Griffins is chatting with Sergio how much she loved the old La Peg's menu and he tells her he could ask the chef to do something off menu. We are typically not those people and decline the offer as to not be "those people" but Sergio insisted it would probably be a delight to the chef so we agree and Sergio pops to the back to check with the chef. He returns momentarily and informs us the chef has mussels that he would happily make her a moules frites.. Would she prefer a wine or beer broth for the mussels. She, of course, decides wine broth.  When our food comes out, my burger is so very clearly a frozen patty (perfectly flat on top and bottom of patty and PERFECTLY round with the texture of beef pellets mashed together) which I'm guessing is also why it wasn't cooked medium rare, or medium, or even well done. It had been cooked to the point of no moisture left in the hockey puck. It came topped with watery iceburg lettuce and American cheese. It also came with a massive portion of cheap frozen French fries you would swear you bought at acme in the frozen section. 
I was sad and so very frustrated at what this restaurant was becoming. Then my girlfriend told me to taste her mussels.....OH BOY
The chef had made her a mussels Frite in a wine broth BUT the weird and awful thing is he used red wine????? No garlic, no shallot or onion...just red wine, butter, and tarragon. It was bland and so funky tasting because of the red wine that wasn't even completely cooked out. This spoke volumes to both of us...before we were hoping maybe the chef was just under the thumb of a controlling owner who was making them change their menu but was still French trained and a good chef. Our meals last night told me 3 VERY important and damning things:
1) they've lost their identity
2) they've cheapened on their products 
3) they have someone in the kitchen who, clearly isn't familiar with anything other than standard cooking methods and dishes 
La Peg, please change your name and stop serving French baguettes for table service. It's confusing as shit. I'm so frustrated at you because I see the potential you once had and I see it all but gone now. Maybe your focus is now on a hipster filled beer garden so the restaurant part isn't important to you anymore, I don't know. 
I'm sad that I won't be back. Sergio deserves better than youI gave them 3 stars solely because I love the atmosphere of the outside. That being said, their food is overpriced and mediocre at best. They charge $18 for a subpar meat plate that was light on the meat. It included sliced baguette, but you get bread for the table. It's counterproductive and meant to make the whole thing look a lot fuller than it is. 
My chicken was bland and soft. I kept picking fine bones out of my mouth. Come here for a drink, play some corn hole, but that's about it.The atmosphere was great--The space is really interesting, and for a large room with tall ceilings, it was surprisingly easy to have a conversation without shouting or having trouble hearing one another. The service overall was friendly and attentive, and I was especially impressed when I was three blocks into my walk home when one of the staff came running up, holding my purse, which I'd left at the table. The fact that he chased us down during a busy Saturday night service was really above and beyond, in my book.  
Food was good, though I wouldn't say it was amazing. There were a few inconsistencies between what the menu stated and what we were actually served; for example, while the menu described the cheese board as coming with truffle honey, the food runner who delivered the board said it would be jalapeno honey, and it turned out to be regular honey. That said, the cheese was good, and my dining mates loved the bacon jam. 
I'll definitely be back, and look forward to checking out the beer garden.Disappointing, un-imaginative, bland food. Especially from a chef with another well-loved restaurant in town. From the blog upon opening in 2014, Owner Woolsey writes "To me, Bistrot La Minette and La Peg are members of my family. They're babies that require nurturing and guidance."  It seems as if Peter Woolsey has lost his way with La Peg, as clearly there is no guidance in the kitchen.  Oysters had bits of shell and were not properly released in their shells, making them difficult and unpleasant to eat. The Salmon arrived overcooked on a bed of bland rice blend that took over the plate, think diner portion here. No thought or creativity went into seasoning or plating. There was barely a hint of the promised hollandaise. Birthday celebrant pined for crème brulee, and after ordering, 10 minutes later discovered they are out of it.  The proverbial icing on the cake was the ladies room with vomit gracing one of the commodes. 
Who is overseeing this  Woolsey family member? The ambiance is super hip in an historic pumping station on the river, and the service was excellent. Mr. Woolsey needs to spend some time in this kitchen and whip it into shape before he has to throw the baby out with the bathwater.When in to LaPeg last night after theater for a light bite and a night cap. The interior is amazing combing old and new with the best views of the Ben Franklin bridge! Our cocktails (Mr. Sands in the Foyer) were some of the most delicious we have had all season in the city. A perfectly delicious balance of spicy and refreshing made with tequila, yellow chartreuse, strawberry, and jalapeño served up. In addition, a Perfectly executed French 75. We ordered a bunch of small plates (which came out quickly): lentils were perfectly cooked and dressed, potato rosti delicious and filling, beets perfectly tender. The bartender was knowledgable, friendly, and efficient. Overall a great experience. Oh and let's not forget about the most beautiful outside patio Philly has to offer. Looking forward to many more visits!I have to give this a mixed review. Although the restaurant is noisy, it is attractive, and the service is excellent. Our meal had one major disappointment. All three of us ordered the "Oyster Trio" appetizer, because we love raw oysters on the half-shell. What we received were close to inedible. My son and I both gagged; he had to spit out all the harsh vinegar that the oysters were drowned in. I don't know who was responsible for preparing the oysters that way, but he or she obviously has never eaten oysters and knows nothing about serving them. I advise diners to avoid the "Oyster Trio." Order oysters separately, and request that all condiments be served on the side. My bouillabaise was delicious, although I expected a larger portion for the price. My husband was disappointed in his Peg Burger, which he said was overcooked (a frequent complaint for him), and he didn't think the cheese they topped it with was a good match. My son's duck breast looked perfect, and he was delighted with it. The homemade lemonade and orangeade were very refreshing, and the restaurant has an exhaustive beer and wine list. Our waiter was attentive, charming, and prompt. We have no complaints about any of the servers; the kitchen staff need some basic training, however.The food is phenomenal! I had the Margharita Grilled Cheese and it was nothing short of amazing. My friends both enjoyed the Omelette du Jour. The Sunday brunch menu has enough options for everyone and was a good mix of sweet and savory. We also got the carafe mimosa option which was a bottle of champagne and a carafe of orange juice (enough for about 8 or 9 drinks between three of us). The staff members were all so personable and nice, and knowledgeable about the items on the menu. I definitely will be coming back to try the dinner menu!Disclaimer: I sat outside and ordered from the Seafood Shack. We asked to sit outside and my impression was that you could only order from the seafood shack if you sat outside. It was a beautiful night and we didn't realize the menu would be so limited so we did it. Outside you order all your food and drinks from the shack and someone will bring your food to the table. Service was really quick. 
I ordered the $13 crab poutine and it was pretty disappointing. The crab on top was more like a crab/mayo salad. Drink selection was okay. There was a bin filled with containers of ice water that you could bring to your table. What makes this place is the ambiance. You are right across the street from the race street pier. I was surprised that there were still a couple tables open around 8pm on a Friday night. Maybe it's because of the limited menu. 
I'd love to go back and try the dinner or brunch menu. I will update my review if I do.Celebrating a friend's birthday and welcoming a friend out of town we decided to dine at La Peg for dinner. Mainly because none of us has ever been there and also because of the location and view. We were sat upstairs in the corner and there really wasn't much of a view. In order to really see the Ben Franklin bridge, being outside would be the best.
Our waitress was really really slow. We order around 845ish and we did not leave until 11pm.  She offered us bread and butter and that took forever. I thought with the length it took for the bread/butter to come out that they were hand churning the butter back there. When it did come out, she said it was European butter. Let's just say there was nothing special about the butter. The food itself was decent, really nothing mind blowing. Our table ordered steak and duck as an entree. My steak was fine and I felt the duck could have been cooked more. The skin would have been better if crispier and the fat more rendered. We ordered a few apps, everyone an entree, and a few desserts. No one at the table was particularly wowed by any of the dishes we got. 
Also, we came on a Friday night and outside there was a live band and they were extremely entertaining and sang very well. 
Overall the drinks were OK, the service was a bit lacking, and the food wasn't all that memorable. I don't think I would come back here to eat dinner, but due to the location and great view, I would come here for drinks.Ordered the rabbit entree - excellent flavor. Tried the same entree at Parc restaurant in Rittenhouse square and was disappointed. If you enjoy rabbit, come to la peg.We held our office party here in the mezzanine upstairs, so it's an hors d'oeuvres based review.  If regular meals are equal to what we'd eaten, I'd probably add another star, because the food is terrific. We were there on a Tuesday night, so the place was nearly empty, but for our group of sixty.  Under the circumstances, the service was also terrific.  I'd probably add another star if the same is true on a Friday or Saturday night.  It's all street parking, mostly along Columbus Boulevard at $1.50 per hour.  There are no credit-card machines, so bring quarters.  Kudos to the bar staff; they stock lots of change just for this purpose.This place is great! They have great happy hours specials inside and the bartenders are very friendly. During the summer they have a bar and tables outside. Drinks are moderately priced and they have a good selection of beer and cocktails. There are also outside games which is a nice touch. The outside food menu is great for a quick cheap bite. You can order at the bar and a waiter or waitress will bring your food over to your table when it is ready. There are always people here but it is never hard to get a table. I love that they are dog friendly and will even bring over a water bowl and treat for your pup!Sebastian was great! He was spot on with his recommendations and very knowledgeable with what he was serving. Great food, atmosphere and music! Easy to get to as it was a quick walk from where we were staying. Would definitely return again!It's a great space . . . but that's the best I can say. Our server was badly under-trained. The food was ok--no better than that--and given how much great food there is in this city, that's a minus. (The crab salad seemed to be missing most of the ingredients listed on the menu.) And when my husband asked if he could substitute green beans for the fries that came with the roast chicken (he can't eat potatoes for medical reasons), they said no. Worth a try; love the building; won't be going back.Probably more like 3 1/2 stars. Had a cocktail indoors and an order of cheese curds. Drinks were good and strong but a little overpriced. Cheese curds were ok but I prefer cheddar as they are more flavorful. We then went to sit outdoors. Limited bar options and a small seafood menu. We had a couple beers, a lobster roll and fried clam strips. The food was ok but again overpriced. The lobster roll is very mayo heavy and much smaller than what you can expect T Luke's or the oyster house. True it is less expensive but I am happy to pay more for a superior product. Wife wasn't thrilled with clam strips. The outdoor space is nice sporting corn hole and  a large connect four but sits on an intersection with 2 major thoroughfares. Not sure I'll be back.Badass location. Not touristy at all, which is a great breath of fresh air in the summertime in Old City. Outdoor games like corn hole and giant connect four. Super chill.Started with the maytag blue cheese (crackers, truffle honey) and wow that's a delicious combo. The selection of beers both tap and bottle is very nice. I'm a Pilsner guy and like both the Wurzburger pils and the Wiseacre pils. For my entree I got the amazingly wonderful pan-seared striped bass (succotash, vinaigrette). Wow! The skin was still on and how refreshing and crispy. No bones or scales either. Well I would certainly recommend if you're in the city of brotherly love. The atmosphere is casual but very hip. Right under the Ben Franklin which is super cool and unique.Sebastian was great! He was spot on with his recommendations and very knowledgeable with what he was serving at the bar! Great food, atmosphere and music! Easy to get to as it was a quick walk from where we were staying. Would definitely return again! Mary was a great server! She had personality and also was knowledgeable about the menu!!! Would definitely return again!My boyfriend and I came here for New Year's Eve 2016 and had a lovely time. The food was very good. I recommend the Filet Mignon. The restaurant has an industrial vibe but is still intimate and romantic. Our dinner included tickets to the performance by red 40 and the last groovement at the adjacent Fringe Arts building. The band was pretty entertaining and played mostly funk and soul. The show paused just before midnight so that everyone could go and see the fireworks across the street at Penns Landing. After the fireworks we hung out at the beer garden. They had several fire pits for warmth and loudspeakers playing music from the concert. This restaurant is a great date night spot and we will be back.This is our favorite Brunch spot!  The room is beautiful, the staff is great and the food is delicious!  You must have the biscuits and gravy, they're delicious.  I'm also obsessed with the grilled cheese, ask for marinara sauce with it!The food was delicious. We dined there for my sister birthday, and had a great time time ordering and sharing several appetizers, soup (clam chowder-yum!), a Cobb salad (a little overdressed), the rack of lamb and the macaroni entree. 
My only irk was not letting us know in advance that they were charging us a plating fee of $5 per person for the birthday cake we brought -- though they did add a scoop of ice cream, a nice touch! Will definitely dine there again!Showed up for the outdoor movie screening of Ghostbusters. Movie was cancelled for a private event, with no warning, nothing posted on the website. Not good customer serviceWound up here for Sunday brunch when the wait to sit outside at Race Street Cafe was too long. 
Pros: All drinks happened to be $4 because it was their 4 year anniversary. Lots of pet friendly outdoor seating & great views of Ben. The blood orange tequila drink was strong yet tasty. 
Cons: The beer garden menu is extremely limited for both food and drinks. Ordered the lobster roll and while it wasn't the worst I've ever had, it was far from the best. The side of fries was the most exciting thing on the plate. Sad. There is no server outside. You have to get up and order your food and drinks at the food truck. 
I think the restaurant not serving their full menu outdoors is a missed opportunity. They have the outdoor space and views going for them and the place would probably be packed if you could get a full service & full menu experience out there!The room is awesome, you are literally next to the Ben Franklin bridge and look up at it through the huge windows.  The ambiance was great, the service great.  The food was good but the portions were  ridiculously  small for the price.  The cheeses are $5 each and you only get an ounce if that!   The apps should be double the sizes.  The entrees were smallish as well.  We spent $350  for four and left hungry!Had a lovely meal here while visiting from NYC. The menu was thoughtful, the fish was fresh and the ambience was lovely. Truly a beautiful space. Very cool interior. The price point could be a bit lower if they want to pack the house but on the whole, I would recommend it.This place should deserve more reviews. I went here for dinner, tonight and the foods were amazing! I had clams casino for my appetizer, beef ribs for my entrees and my friends got salmon and spaghetti w/ meatballs. I thought the clams were little salty and overpriced ($13/ 3 clams). However, all of their 3 entrees were delicious! The salmon was cooked at a perfect temperature. It was very juicy and sweet. For the beef entree, the meat was extremely tender and complement well with the bitter taste of brussel sprouts. The spaghetti dish seems homemade but i was expecting more tomato sauce on there. 
Overall, i would give this place 5 stars for amazing foods and its industrial interior design.We had a fabulous dinner here last night. It was my second visit. The first time I went was about a month ago,  just for an hour for a pre-show drink and decided to have a ham baguette from the bar menu and was pleasantly surprised to see someone actually knowing how to make a french sandwich - hello butter and hello real baguette! Those little details and the fact that the space was sexy (like really sexy) had me wanting to come back. So, I came back last night to eat and have a go at the full menu.
I had the choucroute garnie, which was great - smoky, balanced and soulful, artfully plated, cut with a glass of Riesling - righteous. I also tried the salmon with horseradish cream from my dinner mate - crisp on top, tender inside and  horseradish married perfectly. Squash soup was refined with a kick of esplette - subtlely french - well done. Place was kid friendly too  - my six year old daughter had the cheeseburger and was a happy camper.  I prefer to not have to pick between sexy and kid friendly, so this is going on my go-to list.
View from the balcony of the river and the bridge was something else too. Saw a couple on the couch spot (offset a little from our table) next to one of the arched factory windows, nick drake's "chime of the city clock" and then Otis Redding on the speakers - they had the right idea - that's the spot. 
Only minor complaint was that there was a little too much of a pause between apps and main course from our waiter who otherwise was helpful and professional.My wife and I had dinner here last night and it was fabulous. She had the lamb, I had the steak frites. I think I won dinner, as the steak was fabulous and the fries wonderfully crispy and perfectly seasoned. The space is cool and the service wonderful. The wine list was decent, but has limited affordable options IMO. We had the house red, which was good for the price. 
We split the chocolate mousse cake for dessert. It was good, but not great. I really would have preferred another steak frites for dessert.The food gets 3 stars, the ambiance gets 5... we will be back. Smaller portions for the price and not fabulous food on the first try, but the ambiance will bring us back a second time.  Amazing view and cool interior.Go on Friday nights for Fringe Arts on the stage inside. They have a late-night bar menu. We went on a jazz night, and there was a bit of dancing, and the outside patio was beautiful with the great view. We got up and ordered at the bar and our food was brought out to us by a runner and then we were left to our own devices, so I can't speak for the service if you sit inside for full service. But I liked the casual order-from-the-bar patio experience a lot.
It was a charming late dinner and drinks.
The food is good and I have no complaints about anything, but not as on-point as Bistrot La Minette.Had an excellent restaurant week meal here.
The ambiance is a mix of chic, artsy, and steam punk. The service is efficient and friendly.
The food exceeded my expectations. The serving size, especially for prefix was generous. I especially enjoyed the food pheasant appetizer and NY strip with roasted broccoli entrée. The steak was perfectly rare.The stripped bass was delicious. So were the tiny black cherries you put in my drink. Great service and quality.A few months ago, I had a drink at La Peg. Me and my dude sat at the bar on a Saturday night, had a few cocktails, and really loved the service, the vibe, the decor and couldn't wait to come back for a real meal - and if it wasn't for the slightly obscure location, we definitely would have made that happen ASAP. Alas, it wasn't until this week that I finally had the chance to experience La Peg in all its glory...or not.
To start out with, I am an obsessive menu stalker - partly because I'm constantly thinking about food, and partly because as a vegetarian, it's important that there's actually stuff on the menu that looks exciting and delicious to me. I had already chosen my dream La Peg meal, and was incredibly disappointed when I got to my table and saw that the menu given to me was not only totally different from the one posted on the restaurant's website, but also much more limited for my, and my family's, veggie lifestyle. Bummer #1 - Keep your website up to date. 
The menu itself is also really difficult to navigate. The sections are labeled things likes "Meat" and "Appetizers" and "Vegetables," but it's hard to tell what's actually a shareable and what's supposed to be a full sized entree. It's a little unclear whether La Peg is supposed to be a tapas/small plates kind of restaurant, or a more traditional meal restaurant. Bummer #2 - Help me figure out what to eat.
We had reservations for 7:00pm on a Monday evening. I get this might not be prime dining time, especially for a restaurant like La Peg that's a little off the beaten path, but the place was deserted. Like, our party of 4 was the only party in the place - I'm sure even the chef could hear us chewing. All of this feels even stranger because the space itself is so big and awesome - it just amplified the fact that we were the lone diners. Bummer #3 - Too big and too empty.
Food-wise (because duh, we actually did come to eat dinner), we were also just really underwhelmed. My fish crudo was small and sitting in a bowl of tomato JELL-O - seriously. The tomatoes in my mom's tomato salad were mushy and quickly heading towards Mealy Town (but the avocados were good). The tossed pasta with tomato sauce was tasty, if you were a 4 year old who wanted something plain and basic. My fiance's gnocchi was pretty delicious, but the "gnocchi" was actually just one big square of potato dough, so it wasn't really shareable...but nor was it normal meal size... (see Bummer #2). 
All of that being said, I continue to love the La Peg space, and I think there's so much potential for something cool to happen. Our waiter was very sweet and did his best to answer our questions and accommodate our veggie palates, and I can say from experience that the bar is packed and trendy on a Saturday night. Their outside space is really incredible, and I would love hang out more there...with other people...and good food.Do yourself a favor, go to this place. It's gorgeous. The food is fantastic and the staff is super helpful/nice/patient. We had some great cocktails, pleasant conversation and generally one hell of a time. Also, again, the space is really nice looking. Like, Zoolander good looking.Overall: a grating buzzkill.
Don't waste your time sitting down for a meal at this dungeon... You might never escape.
Went for a dinner with 5 people on a Saturday night. First downside is that there are different menus for indoor and outdoor, and the outdoor menu is seriously limited. So we opted to go inside for the better selection... Which turned out to be a huge mistake. 
The food was okay... when it finally arrived. The service was so painfully slow: What should have been a 2 hour dinner was dragged into 3.5 hours of waiting for orders that were misplaced and forgotten MULTIPLE times by our totally unapologetic waiter. The bartender was also extremely slow and unskilled - which made the waiting very literally, sobering. Unfortunately, "with a few drinks" seems like the ONLY way to handle the horrible atmosphere: The music is creepy and unidentifiable... kind of a remix of saws, nails on chalkboard and wailing French women... 
I must add the the place was practically EMPTY. There is no excuse for the eternity of torture that was our dinner.My friend had made reservations here because it seemed to be the hot new restaurant in town.  Before going I happened to read some Yelp reviews and boy did it scare me.  Many talked about the slow service and small portions of food and how the food didn't taste great.  However, after going I am writing to report that it seems that the management has taken the comments seriously and has, at least for my dining experience, fixed them.  Our waitress was very attentive and considerate.  Our food arrived quickly without much wait and the food was good and decently sized.  I think people may be expecting huge portions but they clearly told us ahead of time that this was a tapas type place.  I ordered the lentils, a potato dish, a cheese course, and the "Mac and cheese" (okay, so what.  I had a craving!) and a beer (for three bucks!) and I was full.  That came out to be around 26 bucks.  The three course meal my  friends got was 30 bucks and the food was good and they felt full afterwards.  Everyone was satisfied with their meal and the desserts were delicious!  Long story short:  If you know that this place is set up like a tapa restaurant, you will be fine.  Hopefully, they will continue to improve as I think they already have done based on previous yelp reviews.  
What my ratings mean:
1 star: Horrible.  I'm annoyed I wasted my time and/or money here.
2 star: Not bad but nothing special.  A decent place if you can't find something else.  I'd equate this to something like McDonald's.
3 star:  I enjoyed my experience there and would go back to try or do more things there.
4 star:  I loved it and would be excited to go back. I'd also recommend it to a friend.
5 star:  A real gem of a place.  A must on anyone's list.Save your $$$$ and go to Mickie-D's......The burger tastes more like the charcoal grill it was cooked on than burger, along with some form of what they called "bacon" and a hint of caramelized onion..a Mc-double is a better burger..not worth your time and certainly not worth your $$$$$..
We ordered a "cheese" tasting, when I say it was a taste I'm being very generous, about 1 oz. of very tasty blue cheese with great bread and a "dab" of apple compote..ie apple sauce.. that was gone with the first piece of cheese...
On top of that my wife ordered a glass of wine and if it was even 4 oz. it was a lot.
la peg has all the ingredients to be an outstanding restaurant and bar, all it needs is someone with the vision to put it all together..I'll wait until that happens before I return...Not. Good. I wanted to like this place. The space is amazing even though you are practically sitting on top of the people next to you. The wine was tasty and our server was really nice even though she seemed to forget a lot of details during the meal. So for those reasons alone I give it two stars.
Overall the food was bland and under seasoned. The menu jokingly describes the macaroni gratin 'too fancy' to call mac and cheese but it was devoid of taste and the gratin tasted like Progresso bread crumbs or as my dining companion pointed out, like shake & bake was poured on top. Neither of us ate the macaroni past the tasting bite. The cheeses we ordered were awkwardly thrown on a large plate along with the accompaniments. The cheese bits themselves were literally very small portions and they were accompanied by bread which could break a tooth. The potato rösti which should be bursting with flavor had none as it sat atop a boring tomato sauce. The lobster salad sounded tasty but again pretty lifeless. The scallops themselves where well cooked and well seasoned but the accompaniments got lost. The beet salad was boring and we left most of it untouched. We skipped dessert. 
The most redeeming part of this meal out was the company and conversation. There are just too many great restaurants in our city to waste time and money coming back to this place.The ambiance and decor is great here- open loft format, nice outdoor patio. And that is the only reason why this place is getting 2 stars instead of one. 
My fiancé and I were celebrating our anniversary and live in the neighborhood, so we figured we would finally check out La Peg for a drink after dinner down the street at Radicchio.  We tried to go to La Peg for dinner once before about 2 months ago, but the kitchen was closed well before the time noted on their website. This was no big deal as my fiancé and I are in the restaurant business and we understand that slow nights sometimes call for sooner closing times.  The hostess could have been a little nicer about it though. 
However, this time around, we were not looking for food but just one drink since it is close to where we live, and we had been meaning to try to go again. The bartender did not greet us warmly and just set down drink menus instead of saying hello or offering us water. The drinks were fine, but after we were served our drinks, our bartender paid no attention to us whatsoever. Not even a "how is everything" or a "can I get you another drink". Instead we watched him text on his phone at the bar with his back towards us. We were the only couple at the bar, so being busy wasn't the reason for the poor service and attitude. We sat with empty/ nearly empty glasses for about 5-10 minutes. And we had to wave over to a server facing us talking to the bartender at the service bar (whose back was turned to us) so let them know we were ready to go. He didn't even say good night or anything. He just said "many thanks" without much sincerity. 
We would have gotten another drink if the staff was nicer and if we felt more welcome. It is a shame the service is poor because a place like this could really thrive from neighborhood regulars during slow nights like last night. We would have been happy to come back to try it out for dinner, but after our experience, we're afraid we'd be sitting there with empty drinks and water while our server sits at a side station texting.....My wife and I biked past the restaurant last summer and intended to visit sometime in the fall.  We finally made our way down to La Peg this weekend.
The space is thoughtfully designed and, although industrial, feels warm and inviting.  We love eating at bars rather than sitting at tables (too formal).  So, we took a couple of stools at the well-stocked bar.  We had some questions for the bartender about some of the aperitifs on their extensive list.  He was extremely knowledgable and friendly.  It was really a wonderful little lesson on some of the bottles they stock.
Bread was promptly served with our aperitifs.  Wonderful, toasted French baguettes with soft, warm butter.  We started with a cheese plate; the selection does not disappoint.  The cheese plate came with perfectly selected accompaniments (cured pear, honey and raspberry preserves).  The service was prompt, but not rushed, as we discussed our entrees.
We followed cheese with the steak frites and the sea bass.  The steak was cooked a little more than my wife usually prefers (medium rare).  However, the seasoning was fantastic and the fries were excellent.  My sea bass was expertly prepared and salted (my biggest complaint with sea bass served in most restaurants).  
I also liked that the wine list has several options of acceptable wines under $50 per bottle, a rarity in the city lately.
Desserts are a bit disappointing and mostly an afterthought in our opinion.  But, you should judge them on your own.  The after-dinner esspresso i had was well-made and completed a really great meal for this early spring evening out.  You'll get great value for your money at this great restaurant.I really wanted to like this place because they had chill outdoor space, and decent space inside as well but they just could not get service together for brunch. Missed orders, missing items from other orders and what happened to be the sausage debacle of 2018 as they kept bringing out pieces of ground beef without any flavors, seasoning or casing and claiming that that was how they made sausages. 
The best was when they brought out two hamburger patties at one point saying THOSE were their sausage patties... Ummm it's okay to say you dont have it on the menu, like we get it. We laughed about it after the fact but definitely one of the worst brunch experiences I've had in Philly. With the plethora of brunch spots elsewhere I would skip over this one. Maybe they have a better bar scene....who knowsWent to la peg to celebrate my friends birthday.  The service was Good, didn't feel rush at all and the food came in a timely manner.  The crabcake appetizer was delicious.  We also ordered the fish dip which was also very good. There was not enough chips that came with the dip so we requested for extra bread which helped with finishing the dip. The bread was also very good along with the sauce that was used for the crab cake. I also ordered the baby back ribs, which I didn't enjoy as much because there was a lot of fat on it. The cold slaw that came with it was red cabbage which I wasn't a big fan of.   I didn't care so much for the corn bread as well.  My friend ordered the pot roast which was very tender and tasty.Went to a food and beer pairing.  Food was good and staff was attentive.  Chef made dishes just for event and they were great.I'd been wanting to try La Peg for a while, and it was everything I had wished.  We stopped by on a Sunday for an early dinner on a beautiful day.  Many people were sitting outside, but we chose to eat inside.  The high ceilings and industrial feel are carried through with the tables and chairs - really cool feel. Our server was excellent, explaining the menu and offering suggestions.  I had a delicious duck salad - hit the spot - and a good local IPA on draft.  It was fun watching people walking across the Ben Franklin Bridge as we dined - also seeing the  Duck Boats driving down Race Street and into the river - the area near the Race Street Pier (also worth a visit while you are there) bustling.- TIP: Don't believe Philly Mag when they say this place is great.  Also, this is a poor reflection of this group's other restaurant (Bistrot La Minette) -- which is actually a phenomenal spot.
- CON: Where to start...undersized beers, Ore-Ida-ish french fries, overcooked burgers.  $12 cocktail that used Jaurez tequila.
- BOTTOM LINE: Don't go here for a group event.  I'm not sure if their regular food is any better than their events food...but it doesn't really matter.  They're either inconsistent, or consistently mediocre.I was in town for business and staying at the Holiday Inn next door. Easy to get to and AMAZING food. 
I got the pub burger, and I cannot even begin to describe the flavors. Every item listed on the menu describing that pub burger had its own taste, while at the same time, the burger was the perfect amount of juicy, greasy, American-ness everyone needs once in a while. 
Drinks are cold, and even though I was dining and drinking at the bar inside, Mike my bartender was very attentive. Not overly talkative or annoying, but just the right amount to let me enjoy my food, drinks, and fellow patrons. 
I will definitely be recommending this place to friends, and will be back next time I am in town.This is probably one of my new favorite please is Philadelphia for a casual meal. The only draw back was the service was slow. The whole meal for 5 was almost 3 hours on a Wednesday with drinks, oysters, apps (get the cheese plate,) and main course.Came here for a pretty early brunch before an Arden Saturday matinee; had heard good things and wanted to try it out with one of my foodier friends.  We were seated on the upstairs balcony, so good views of the bridge and the river.  (The hostess even encouraged me to sit in the lounge while waiting for my friend to arrive.  The lounge is a large sofa, a couple of chairs, and a coffee table, arranged to look out one window.  Calling it a "lounge" is a little hyperbolic.)
I had the eggs Benedict, my friend started with a trio of small vegetable salads, then beef tartare.  My eggs were PERFECTLY cooked, with a very, very good Hollandaise sauce.  The home-made English muffin's texture really broke down under that, though, and devolved into a weird mix of crumbs and mush.  Tasty crumbs and mush, but still...  The breakfast potatoes, while beautiful to look at, had no flavor at all.  None.  Zilch.  There was no salt or pepper on any table, so I couldn't doctor it up myself without making a bit of a scene, and I don't make scenes, even if I should.
My friend fared better: her trio of salads - beets, lentils, and slaw - was a big hit, especially the lentils.  Well seasoned, a good contrast to each other, and while each would have been too small on its own, as part of a trio the portion size was fine/slightly large.  She absolutely loved the beef tartare, said it was the best she'd had in a long time.
We each had a glass of a French chardonnay, which was very nice and came on the recommendation of Rocco, our server.  Unlike many of the lower-rated review writers here, we had good service - maybe because they weren't that busy on a cold January day?  I hope it's because they are working to train their staff more thoroughly than perhaps they did at the start.
As so many have noted, the space is terrific, and in the warmer weather when they open their outdoor garden space, that should be fun to try.  On a crowded night, I expect it could get rather noisy, especially for those in the upstairs space, but it has very high ceilings so perhaps all the sound would just disappear up there.
I was a little disappointed overall with the restaurant, mostly because I had had such high expectations.  But I'll definitely come back and try it again.What a cool place ! My friend and I came on a Tuesday night for some drinks and late dinner AND to catch a flick they were playing right on the river. It's an artsy little place with frequent shows and activities from what I hear ! Next time I'm totally playing corn hole outside :-) We Loved it from the start! Cool picnic tables outside, cute bar, and the inside is also quite unique and eclectic. The service was great and we enjoyed a delicious bite to eat! We split the stuffed mushroom appetizer and salmon dinner platter. Serious YUM :-) All around this was a really pleasant experience wth very chill vibes. Two thumbs way up!I've been here a few times as i live close by. I really really wanna give it a 4 star cuz the place is super cool and a great place to grab a drink... but I'm not impressed with the food. Ordered 2 different pasta dishes on different occasions and both times came out under cooked. Had a few other things but nothing that really blew us away. I keep coming back hoping it will get better so I'm optimistic.I'm not sure what the negative reviews are about.  We had a wonderful experience on Friday night.  The hostess was very pleasant, and our waiter was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about the menu.  I had the heirloom tomato salad, which was amazing, and the duck confit salad (this was good but was not the highlight for me - I think the duck was a little overdone and the dressing was too heavy).  Husband had a delicious onion soup and the chicken entrée, which was amazing.  They have a $30 fixed price menu which is a bargain, and a very good wine list.  The restaurant itself has a great space - they've restored an old warehouse in a very classy way that gives it a very cool vibe.  The food is similar to Parc, but the atmosphere is completely different.  As a side note, the bread and butter they brought out before our food were some of the best I've had this side of the Atlantic.Incredible to me that you could have this many people working and screw up so many things.  Literally more people working then dining. 
The family and I went for dinner-slow service, overcooked EVERYTHING, barely shaken drinks, bad shrimp, heirloom tomatoes that were mushy, dirty water glass, warm water, kids menu but nothing but tall water glasses to drink from, no salt on anything and none on table.   Beautiful space with no one doing it service. Shame.Food was really good. Raw oysters were fresh. I only gave 4 stars because it was a Birthday and they did not do anything nice from the restaurant like a small dessert or anything. Otherwise it was a really enjoyable dinner. Will go again.Let me just start off by saying the service was great, very friendly and always checked in on us....the one star is for the atrocious , inedible food.
 We ordered the blueberry beignets, salmon gravlax and fried cheese curds.  All there were just awful...when they served the beignets, it was noticeably burnt. Not sure if they thought sprinkling powdered sugar would mask it, but we were already off to a bad start. The taste matched the exterior, really gummy and dense, which is not how a beignet should be. Next, the salmon gravlax, two failed attempts of poached eggs served on limp boiled asparagus with a watery dill sauce with no seasoning. Finally, the cheese curds, hard to mess that one up, but the cheese was tough and tasted like it was just reheated. The potion size was also tiny, 6 tiny beignets, two BADLY poached eggs on a bed of soggy asparagus and a tiny ramekin of cheese curds??? I have NEVER had such a terrible brunch experience in Philly.Great meal, great wait staff! Pizza appetizer was amazing, tagliatelle awesome and creme Carmel for dessert was unbelievable!!Terrible service. We had to wait a ridiculous amount of time, even though we had a reservation, and our server had an attitude the whole night.Not sure what the negative reviews are about. Plates are bound to be small, even a burger, when a restaurant specializes in..... Drumroll... Small plates. 
I had a really great meal at La Peg and will definitely be returning. The service was equally impressive and the building itself is really neat. I suggest sitting upstairs if you can!I'm here at La Peg right now and yes, they do offer brunch on Sunday's and it was awesome!  It doesn't say they are open for brunch today but they are indeed open.  I had the Gruyere cheese and bacon omelet and it was amazing!  Potatoes and salad on the side were awesome too!  Definitely have the toast with the strawberry jam, it is homemade and simply delightful!  Love this place with great views of the Ben Franklin bridge.  They have live music on Fridays too so I'll be stopping back for that for sure.  Nicole is a super nice server here and she was always so helpful!  Great place and I'm happy to make this my local stop for dinner and brunch!ŪI've passed by La Peg several times and always said that I would give it a shot. It is kind of off on it's own on the north end of Columbus Blvd (across from Race Street Pier). My friend and I stopped in for dinner the other night and we were pleasantly surprised.
We were greeted by friendly hostesses and our server was very pleasant as well. We both got the French Onion Soup, which was incredible good! My friend got the Fringe Burger, which had so good. It definitely made me regret what I ordered, even though my dish was good as well! I ordered the Semolina Terrine, that had a very tasty ragu.
The atmosphere was probably the best thing about this restaurant. I loved the open layout and the upstairs section. I would love to come back and even try the beer garden outside. 
FYI - The beer garden outside looks like a lot of fun. There was plenty of outside seating, a walk-up bar and cornhole games!La Peg is the restaurant in the new Fringearts building on Columbus Blvd and what a wonderful restaurant it is. Amazing refurbished firehouse with expansive ceilings, open and lively bar and wonderful food/drinks.
Prices are reasonable
must haves
pan roasted triped bass
crab salad appetizer
lamb shoulder
Didn't have any dessert but those choices looked delicious as well.
Head on over as you won't be disappointed.Amazing brunch! It's cool that the prices are on a sliding scale that makes it easy for artists who perform in fringe to eat and cater to the audiences who might want something a little finer!We went to La Peg on December 2nd for my husband's birthday. Our 19 and 13 years old kids were with us. The ambiance is very neat, and it was not noisy so we could talk without yelling - as sometimes happens in restaurants. The food that we ordered was really tasty - among others- the steak frites and the mac and cheese. The bread was really fresh and they cut it in front of you. The service was also very attentive. My daughter had the mac and cheese and my son the steak frites. We were very pleased and had a great time! The only thing about this place is that is difficult to park around there. I suggest to try to find a parking space on Second street or on Race - on the blocks of 2nd and 3rd and then walk. It is a short walk.Please note this is a review for the dining experience and food. I am now reading several reviews of people coming here for just drinks and having a good time so i would like to qualify that we came here for the food and dining. There was just a few things throughout the night that definitely irked me to the point that it really impacted my dining experience.
With that being said we made reservations last minute here on a friday night because a lot of our favorite spots were fully booked. We had made a reservation for four at 7:45 and arrived at 7:25, and checked in with the hostess who told us our table was not ready yet. So we had a drink at the bar (which they do have a pretty nice beer list here) and waited until our table was ready. When 7:45 rolled around, they had not acknowledged us yet and i went back to them, which was literally right next to us and asked if our table was ready yet. They said it was so we followed the hostess to the upstairs dining room which was completely empty. I looked at our group and we all had the same WTF look on our faces, as to what exactly we had been waiting for. 
Anyways, our food was definitely not worth the price ($200 tab for 4). A quick summary on our food order:
 - appetizer we split 2 entree dishes, the vegetable plate and grilled cheese (the grilled cheese was somehow served with melted cheese, but not melty cheese if that makes sense b/c it was cold). The vegetable plate is listed as an entree, probably for vegetarians, but i was underwhelmed with what came out as roasted vegetable plate that would leave anyone ordering as there main plate hungry. It was 2 carrots, a few mushrooms and bruseel sprouts, a half of piece of corn on the cob, and cold potato salad. What?
- Main Entree - Burger, Ravioli, and salmon dish. The Burger was absolutely a bubba burger from Acme. I did not get feedback on the salmon, i was scared to ask. The feedback on the ravioli was that it was OK, but not worth $22.
Service, was OK - someone at our table asked for a glass of wine when their meal came out and our waiter said he would probably need a reminder. Props to him for remembering but not your seasoned wait staff.
Overall, great space but they need some serious help on the menu and execution of their dishes. I would not recommend to people dining, but i would return to try just the drinks on the patio.I was feeling like a spendy Wendy and popped in to the restaurant instead of eating the outside beer garden food this summer. 
I was pleasantly surprised. The service was excellent, the decor was great, drinks, cheese, entree all fabulous. This may have been one of my top dining experiences this year. 
Only took a star off because of the cringeworthy amount of money I spent.My fiancé and I ate here after we took our engagement pictures on race street pier and then in the beer garden. We absolutely love the industrial look/feel of la peg...it would totally be an awesome wedding venue. We have been talking about eating here ever since we ate at bistrot la minette. We didn't make a reservation and it seemed that they had some other tables available (maybe because it was later). The bread for the table was warm, fresh, and delicious! We started with the heirloom tomato salad (garbanzo bean purée with lemon), which was so refreshing. We then had the Semolina terrine (gnocchi in terrine form with porcini ragu). It had such great mushroom flavor (creamy), yum yum yum! Last, we ate the bouillabaisse (mix of seafood), which I thought was pretty small. The sauce of the bouillabaisse was very good. For French food in the city, I'm torn between here and bistrot la minette!!I stopped in la peg with a friend for an early Saturday dinner before heading over to Camden for a concert.  What struck me first is how excellent this space is - the decor is minimal and I loved the way they left some of the old structure there.  Super cool.
The drink selection at the restaurant is pleasantly good - there's something on there for everyone.  I'm a beer person, so I was very happy with the list (the prices weren't too bad) and the waiter was happy to make some suggestions.  
We split the flàmmeküeche as an appetizer.  This little thing was delicious!  It was melty, cheesy goodness with just enough of the lardon.  But be warned - this thing is tiny!  Enough for two people if you just need a quick thing to hold you over until the main course.
For my main course, I went with the boeuf bourguignon poutine.  This was salty as salty can be - I'm not overly surprised given the dish, but it was a little too salty for me.  Definitely a good hangover food, definitely not a good pregame food.  But even that said, the beef was delicious and flavorful.  I think it was the cheese and the fries that tipped the salty scale. Bummer!  (PS - Speaking of good hangover food, I mentioned to the waiter that this would be perfect for brunch if they threw an egg on it.  He said that could be done.  Do it and report back!)
Dessert! We split the blackberry key lime tart - it was delicious!  The crust was cooked perfectly and all of the flavors worked well together.  Really good - highly recommended from someone that isn't a big dessert fan.
All-in-all I wasn't blown away by la peg, but it also wasn't terrible.  The service was pretty good, prices weren't awful, and the food was okay.  I would go back if I'm in the area again.Went here on a Sunday night.  The space is unbelievably gorgeous, under the Ben Franklin in an old pump house.  The bartender, some dude with great Spicol hair, was very friendly and helpful.  The food was very good.  My wife, a vegan, got special attention from the kitchen, as the chef came out to offer her special num-nums.  My meal, rabbit pasta, bone marrow, and lobster salad was awesome, not a bad bite amongst them.  The vegan bits were awesome as well.  We will be back!The place is a fantastic local by the water and really great ambiance. I wouldn't recommend this place if you are hungry because they take a long time to seat you.
The great things to order are all the veggie small plates and this place has very small portions! Get the Mac and cheese and order a lot of the craft selections!Amazing place. Used to be a pump house to all the cities fire hydrants. Food choice and service good and match venue ambiance. Part of arts theater nice bar. Mid winter it was warm and welcoming. On offer parking $20. Parked after 6-30 two blocks away on third street for $0. 
Tastey cheeseboard. Good beer and great wine. (At least what we had). 
Recommend it for something good and different in old town.WOW!  How did this place win Best of Philly?  Maybe we hit an off-night this past Sunday, but the food was grossly subpar all-around.  My wife's blackened catfish was so salty (and burnt crisp) she could not finish it; she was chugging water the rest of the evening and had horrible indigestion.  My pork belly was roasted and seasoned well, but the dish was drowning in overcooked pea juice from the peas and carrots side dish that had obviously been prepared ours earlier.  Peas and carrots!  Back to elementary school!  My bud's roasted chicken leg took the cake, however.  With all the superior free-range chicken available, why did he receive a shriveled, dinky 7-ounce leg that looked like it came from Friday's Acme take-home rotisserie?  For $22, he expected much better.  The only highlight was my apple crisp, which was ordinarily prepared but tasted fine, topped with the homemade ice cream.  It successfully eliminated the cloying pea juice flavor from my palate.
Is this another case of voter fraud?  Did Peter Woolsey stuff the Best of Philly ballot box?  Or are the patrons just so taken with the obscure 69 beers on the list that they overlook poorly-prepared food?  I guess it doesn't really matter to me, since there are so many superior restaurants in town we won't have to consider this one again.  When will I ever learn to bypass craft brew pubs (except for Iron Hill, which is the only one that does it right) to get a good meal?Came here without a reservation right before the dinner rush and were seated promptly. If you want to sit upstairs I would probably make a reservation. I wanted to come here while visiting philly to eat right by the bridge/river. The interior/vibe of the restaurant was very hip! Got the Meat Board to start, was pretty good but they don't give you much for a meat plate so I would go for an appetizer instead of a board. We had the ribs for the main and it was to die for, would come again just for the ribs. For dessert we had the La Peg Bomb Blaster, which was  a fun a delicious way to end the meal! There's an outside seating area and games as well.The industrial feel of this place makes it stand out among the rest of the upcoming restaurants. Situated by the FringeArts, how could I not try it?
We were seated by a booth next to the live music set. The waiter was incredibly friendly, cordiale, and knew the menu so well. I'll start off by saying that everything we ordered here was so delicious and on point. Because they're mainly a tapas restaurant, we tried:
Beef Tartare: My first time having beef tartar and it was incredible. Very tender, flavourful, and succulent.
Salmon Tartare: With the balance of fish and citrusy compliments, I would recommend anyone to try this. It tasted so fresh alongside the pomegranate and persimmon. A very odd but delicious pairing. 
Scallops: Oh my goodness. I'm a big fan of scallops, but theirs was so buttery and soft, it almost melted in my mouth. Easily the best scallop I've ever had.
Duck Confit: I'm a big fan of duck, but this was probably my least favourite of the dishes. It was rather dry, and bland. It didn't leave me with any outstanding impression in contrast to everything else. 
Lamb Shoulder: I want to have a moment for this because it was absolutely delicious. Salty? Yes. But because it rested on a cheesy panade, it soaked up the sauce and saltiness. Ugh, absolutely mouth watering.
Creme Brulee: The perfect ending to the meal. It was so creamy with a twist of ginger infused custard. I could rave about this for days! 
Would I go again? Hands down yes. If you're out along the Ben Franklin Bridge visiting FringeArts, definitely consider having a meal or even a few drinks at La Peg.My girlfriend and I walk in, I immediately am struck by familiarity despite never having set foot in the place before and ask her what other restaurant she is reminded of.
"Alla Spina" 
Yes!  This is a French Alla Spina!  Big, open space with a big, open bar and big, open menu that leaves the diner with a myriad options to enjoy whether they are looking for a small snack with their drink late at night or a small drink with their meal a bit earlier on.  So it's a French Alla Spina with a twist of Red Owl Tavern in terms of layout.  Not a big fan of either of those places otherwise but you know what I'm talkin' about.
Other thoughts:
The food: overall above average but nothing blew us away.  Onion soup is always worth getting, especially as the temperature drops.  Beef tartare was excellent - great mustard twang but still refined as God intended raw beef to be.  The Parisian should never be skipped;  $7 for a simply great sandwich on a perfect baguette.  Potato rosti was meh but pretty sure the bone marrow increased MY blood cell count in a certain area if you know what I mean with it's lovely gooeyness.  Gross!
Drinks: $6 for an excellent 16oz. stout (I forget what it was).  I had two.  Girlfriend had a glass of the Lionel Osmin La Vie en Rosé and really enjoyed it.  Overall great place even if you're sticking to liquids.  Will explore.
Service: No complaints honestly.  Was it refined?  Not entirely but it's not really the type of place I'd expect that.  Surprised to see so many complaining about the service on here as we had no issues whatsoever.
The crowd: surprisingly old and mean.  Maybe Rittenhouse or Society Hill types?  Also had some Fringe Arts-y people mixed in.  On one side we had sum old folks moving the lamps around because it was in their eyes, causing darkness to befell our table and others. On the other was a middle-aged doctor (yeah, I was listening) who would enthusiastically yell "YUM!" every time the waiter brought another dish.  The worst.
Other thoughts: If you can, get a table on the upper level.  Where are you supposed to park near here?  We felt like doing some walking so parked fairly far away on purpose but otherwise what are your options?  The Dave and Busters garage? Nuh-uh, that place is a ZOO.  Could present an issue.
Overall we both loved it and will be back many, many times so have to give it 5-stars.  Can see this being our go-to place other than Good King Tavern which is smaller but nice because it's walkable from my house and similarly solid.This is a really pretty beer garden and fun party atmosphere. On a Friday evening they had an outdoor DJ playing awesome music, but it was too loud in my opinion. It was hard to have a conversation with someone even just on the other side of the picnic table. I love a loud music, party atmosphere, but that's not what a beer garden should be about I don't think.
I can't speak to their food as we didn't eat. Both B and I liked our cocktails from the outdoor bar but they were pretty pricey - $12 for a vodka mixed drink is excessive. I'll pay $12 for a real cocktail, but the value just wasn't there for one drink. Maybe we'd've been happier if we'd ordered beer, but we didn't stay for more than the one drink.