Came here yesterday at around 4PM for a very late lunch...or should I say linner? Due to the strange timing, my boyfriend and I were the only people in the restaurant. Slightly awkward because I felt as though all of the staff could hear our conversation. Service was good, but keep in mind that this establishment is CASH ONLY (and checks-- luckily, I had my checkbook on me). In this day in age, I find it extremely inconvenient and inconsiderate when businesses do not accept credit card.
Food wise, everything was quite yummy, but nothing mind blowing. We ordered the Grigliata Di Calamari as an appetizer. I usually love my calamari fried, but this was pretty good for grilled calamari. The calamari tasted fresh and was not overcooked, so it was very soft and easy to chew. The seasoning was just right, and we asked for a side of marinara sauce, which was really delicious with the calamari as well. 
I had the Ravioli Alla Viola (lobster ravioli) for my main dish and enjoyed it. The pink cognac sauce (which is really orange) was delicious and sat well with my tastebuds. The ravioli was also perfectly cooked-- very soft and easy to consume. My boyfriend had the Pollo Gamberi Alla Marsala, which according to him, was very tasteful. This was a healthier dish, as it came with white chicken breast, mushrooms, and tomatoes. The only food item that I was disappointed by was the bread. It was over-baked and very hard. Just having had my wisdom teeth taken out not long ago, I was sadly unable to consume the bread. 
This is overall a decent Italian restaurant with solid food. It is fairly priced among other Italian restaurants in Philly, so that is a plus. It is also BYOB-- another major plus. I went to the Ovest location across the street a few months back with a big party and remembered liking that experience better. Decor here seems a little outdated and could use some work to improve the ambiance. Would come back next time for the food, with bottle in hand :)The food here is wonderful.
The restaurant itself is very small.
If you are planning to have a conversation over dinner, this is not your place. It can get very loud in there and the tabels are very close together.
The food is great though - so it's worth the experience.La Viola is an awesome place, but I think you need to know what you're expecting if you come in on a Friday or Saturday night- it's crowded, loud, and most people are really getting after it. The food is good, especially for the price, and the wait staff is generally nice and on top of it, but this is definitely not a date spot, and if you bring a big group, plan on shouting across the table. 
One piece of advice: if the line is too long, go across to La Viola Ovest- same kitchen, same menu, but it's quieter and less busy.I had dinner there last night and all I can say is WOW. I had their pasta special for the night, which consisted of homemade linguini with sausage, shrimp, raddichio, and tomatoes - all in an exceptionally delicious sauce. Everything there is top-notch and the service is great - looking forward to going back and hoping they'll still offer the special!LOVE THIS PLACE! 
I lived in Italy for a little bit and it feels pretty close to that mentality: Small plates, not too expensive, intimate environment, and friendly waiters. I was here on a Friday night and noticed the owners close attention to both restaurants. The food always tastes fresh, they never rush you- if anything, they urge you to take your time and enjoy your evening. It's a unique little place and will keep coming back for years to come!The food is awesome.. They have many dishes in just the right portions and just the right flavors. The dishes taste very light and clean. I would def. go back.Wonderful!  They seriously have their shit together [in both locations].  Personally I prefer the East restaurant, but either way it is certainly my favorite Italian BYOB in Philly.  It's really affordable, they have great specials, and it's just so cute!  I've dined in the East restaurant a few times with one other guest (it's too crammed for larger parties) and I've also been to the West restaurant for a couple birthday dinners and that's been great too.  The servers are warm, responsive, and extremely nice people.  They make me feel like I'm part of their family.  I rarely ever eat Italian food, but La Viola definitely gets it.This is one of my favorite spots in the city.  I've probably dined here about 15 times now, and only once did I think my food was anything less than delicious (and it wasn't bad that one time, just not as delicious as it usually is).  The room is a bit small and can sometimes get kind of loud, but the food is consistently well prepared and the price is incredibly reasonable (especially with BYOB factored in).Really good food and great service. It's a nice restaurant with classy but cosy atmosphere. I wouldn't recommend it for a date because it's kinda crowded and not necessarily super intimate, but it's great for dinners with larger parties. Definitely recommend the ravioli and the vitello. Better to make a reservation, be careful because they also have another location with the same name across the street so make sure to know which one you're going to :)Great food and amazing service. We went for restaurant week and the menu looked like their menu. Impressive from the start. We had arugula and goat cheese salad, antipasto, mushroom trio, pasta and veal sausage, veal medallion, cheese cake, canoli cake.....they don't rush you and work together as a team that creates an environment that is warm and inviting. The food was so good that we called the reservationist while eating dinner to book another reservation before the restaurant week ends. We will be back restaurant week or not.This is my favorite restaurant of all time.  The prices are great, but you always have to remember, it's BYOB and cash only.  This is just my opinion, but I think the Bistro East location is better than the Ovest West location.  The menus and the chefs are different.
The restaurant is small, you will be sitting very close to the table next to you, but hey, maybe you can strike up a nice conversation.  When weather permits, there is outside seating.  
I strongly recommend the Grigliata Di Calamari (grilled calamri) appetizer, and the homemade Gnocchi al Filetto di Pomodoro.  My personal favorites.Went here early on a Friday night before a show and was very impressed.  Small place, a little noisy and crowded (to be expected in the city), but the food was great and the wait staff were truly wonderful.
The four of us all ate different dishes and they were all very good (Spinach gnocchi, orichetti pomodoro w/ shrimp, chicken rotellini, and shrimp-chicken pasta of the day).  All were served piping hot and fairly quickly.
The waiters (mostly young men in white shirts and ties) were the best.  Very friendly and efficient.  I don't think any of our water glasses got below half full before someone appeared and topped them off.  The teamwork was amazing - just moving around in that small room was difficult but that pulled it off.
BYOB and cash only so plan ahead.La Viola was real hip about 10 years ago when I was a single gal and the idea of a BYOB on Rittenhouse with my girlfriends on a Saturday night before clubbing (oy) just sounded so darn fancy. We probably thought we were in an episode of "Sex And The City".  Oh, to be young and naive. I have since matured and so has my palette. La Viola just doesn't cut it anymore. In fact, I'm a tad shocked it's still around. Sorry if that's harsh, it's just that there are some really cutting edge restaurants out there, even in the area nowadays and this kind of pales in comparison.  
The food is slightly better than average Italian, which if I'm carb-loading, it better be truly fantastic! It's classic Italian fare with a few minor twists here and there. 
The place is tiny and unless you're at a corner round by the front window or outside in nice weather, you're kinda, sorta sitting on everyone else. I have yet to dine at their location across the street, but opening that up was certainly a smart move, logistically. 
Wait service is good and the BYOB aspect is a plus. Other than that, ehh, I don't know. There are much better places. Much better Italian places. Much better BYOBs. Maybe because I've tried it several times and the trendy aspect of the place is gone? I say you certainly can find better.I came here on a quiet Sunday night - the restaurant was pretty empty but it had a nice quaint feel to it.  The hostess and server were exceedingly nice and the decor was classy without being pretentious.
It's a BYO so bring a couple bottles of wine and enjoy not having to pay $8 a glass.
The real thing worth talking about was the food.  I got the penne with vodka suace and the flavors were bursting in my mouth with each bite.  Seriously, I would do  things I'm not proud of to have that sauce on demand when cooking at home. 
There's lots of options in the area, but give this place a shot if you want an affordable, not-bland meal.I've had a lot of good meals here, so this pains me, but the last time I tried to eat here, it was inedible.  The fish was so salty that we actually had to send food back, which we never do.  Oh man, I hope it was just an off night, but it was pretty bad and with so many other good byob options in this city, I don't think I'll test that theory.Just an update and another plead against the naysayers.  We had a NYE reservation for 22 people which they accommodated inside like 2 weeks to go to NYE, it was originally 20 and they added two for us on NYE day!  The menu was a price fixe and it wasn't as awesome as usual but it was still really great considering they were churning and burning that night, and for a 6:30 reservation they didn't ever make us feel rushed even though the later reservations were starting to show up!  We finally got the hint though and filtered out.  But I wanted to just give them another plug for being so great on such a crazy holiday! yay La viola!BYOB place. Very cosy. Nice upscale decor but once you sit down, you don't get the pretentious feel you sometimes get in NYC. Everyone around us was having a good time and drinking away! We actually got two free glasses of red wine for next table. 
Waiters are pretty friendly. The menu is straight up Itailan; price is perfect for your wallet. We ordered homemade gnocchi with tomato and Parmesan cheese, salmon with fettuccine and orchenette with sausage. Each dish is delicious and great portion. 
The only downside is this place is cash only. So make sure you come prepared!Not for vegetarians - A group of 6 of us came for dinner. My friend and I are both vegetarian and were disappointed that there were few options. We asked for the penne without pancetta. When it came out it had pancetta in it- which was disappointing. They replaced the dish without the meat but it was lacking any peas or mushrooms which were included the description. Also, no one apologized for the error. We were not compensated the appetizer or entree. Gratuity was also already included - which was annoying because we did not like the service. Our other friends who ordered meat dishes did enjoy the food.Absolutely Great and highly recommend.  Friendly quaint little place.  No alcohol or wine served as its BYOB only, but theres no fee. Awesome Italian food prepared and run by this nice family from Albania.  
Prices were very low for the quality of food.La Viola has never disappointed me when I have visited, especially during restaurant week. In fact, I think that their RW menu is one of the better deals when considering both quality and quantity - their dinner menu is literally so much food you cannot finish it. One of the great things about this place is that it is BYO, but there are some cons to go along with it, mainly being that they are cash only and fairly small. I wouldn't say this is my favorite Italian place by any means (or that I ever go here when it isn't RW anyone), but I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants both quality and quantity (especially if you like gnocchi - their gnocchi is great!)This is another place where since we moved from philadelphia four years ago, we try to go to every time we come back and visit. Maybe it's because of all the wonderful memories associated with this place, but there's no where like La Viola.
It's a BYOB Italian joint. During our time in Philly they opened up La Viola West across the street. Similar menu and owned by the same people, but La Viola West is slightly more spacious. 
Really consider this place to be an awesome date night location. Was also fun to come with a group of people for a birthday too.
The food is delicious and so reasonably priced. My favorites here have been the mussels hands-down. The sauce is so delicious, we have saved our bread in the past to dip into it. The pasta dishes are all pretty good, I've tried almost all of them. The only one that is meh is the gnocci. My husband got the steak special during his last time here and the meat was so tender and juicy. Prices are very reasonable.
Expect to rub elbows with the people next to you depending on where you are sitting. It's part of the charm, but some people don't like it (like my parents). 
Make sure you make a reservation. And bring a nice bottle of wine :) 
Cash only. There's an ATM down the street but avoid leaving your date to get money and bring enough.I met up with my friend and her boyfriend (third wheeling, I know) last Friday night for dinner downtown. And of course, it  was up to me to choose the restaurant. For the record- I hate making decisions. And especially when it comes to restaurants downtown since the only place that I can ever come up with is the consistently mediocre food from Marathon Grill. Bleh- no mood for settling for that tonight. Soo, I made a mental list of all the places we could go downtown and voila! I remembered how much my parents raved about La Viola and called information to reserve a table. Since it is BYOB, we stopped by the Wine and Spirits and picked up two bottles of vino. By the time we got to the restaurant, our table was ready for us.
One problem...this place is small. It's really just a rectangular room jam packed with tables, family style. Not only was I third wheeling this date, I was also the third wheel of the random couple sitting inches away from us at the same table. Talk about awkward. The girl on that date did not look pleased when we were seated, clearly ruining their romantic evening. Oh well. La Viola is so not the place to go for a quiet, intimate date. The place is way too loud I could barely hear what my friend was saying and we were practically sitting on top of each other. I don't like eating when I can even hear myself think. Another note: I felt really out of place. The other patrons were business executive types dressed up for a night on the town.  I described the restaurant later to my friend "like going out in Olde City, only with food". Not my scene, but what do I really expect on a Friday night at 16th and Locust?
Anyway on to the food. The menu is pretty limited, a few appetizers, some pasta dishes (a lot of which had seafood in them...disappointment), and some meat entrees as well. I opted for the orecchiette pasta with mushrooms, plum tomatoes, and sausage. There may have been one other ingredient but it was delicious, nonetheless. My friend ordered a pasta dish with salmon and her boyfriend got the veal. They enjoyed their meals as well. 
I just don't know if i will make a second trip to La Viola. The menu is too limited for my picky tastes and it was way too loud. If I do, I'll make sure to go on a nice night so I escape the noise and sit outside.My experience was great at this restaurant. I was taking a tour through Center City and decided to hop off the bus at the love park and after a quick search on yelp for an italian restaurant, decided to walk over La Viola. Don't regret it at all! even though they take reservations, I didn't have any issues for being a walk-in. The food was awesome and the dessert delicious. My friend had a (homemade) pasta and I had some amazing chicken. It is a BYOB place so that's a plus! The waiters were very professional and overall, I really enjoyed my experience at La Viola. You might want to make a reservation before arriving, since the place is relatively small and I can imagine that it gets crowded during peak hours/days.So the whole east west thing can be annoying. If you are looking for a quiet , private table then this ain't for you. The food is amazing. Last night I had the homemade chicken and spinach soup. It was delicious and the pasta special. Homemade red pepper linguini in a white wine sauce with prosciutto de parma and shrimp. The pasta was cooked to perfection and the sauce was delicious. I highly recommend you try it.BYOB for beginners.  That's all.
Always overbooked, even when their new outpost across the street accommodates more.  Even if you have a reservation, you'll still wait a while.  They insist on stuffing everyone in their tiny dining space so that you're practically eating in someone else's lap.  I have been to a slew (yes, a slew!) of BYOBs in the city and Viola is the worse by far in that respect.  
Service is just okay, sometimes forgetful- very average.  The turnaround is quite substantial - and they keep packin' em in and what suffers ultimately here is the quality of the food.  Simply speaking, it just ain't that good.
In a city of Italian eateries galore, Viola only survives because of its BYOB status and because you know, the food was good once and affordable, and now, well it's only affordable.  
Lots of big parties, with young, eager new diners with their mega-huge bottles of Yellowtail Chardonnay and Merlot - it's BYOB dining for the new set on a budget.  People keep returning here, and as long as they do, where's the incentive for Viola to change anything?We stumbled upon La Viola when all of the other area restaurants had an hour plus wait time on a Saturday @ 5:00. Small, cramped venue. Tables are close together to fit 60 diners. Service was attentive and exceptionally pleasant and professional. 
There were 5  of us so we were able to sample many of their dishes on their somewhat limited menu. Mussels in garlic sauce were excellent. Good size portion with plenty of dipping sauce. The grilled calamari was tasty, Caesar salad and misto salad are served as small plates for one. 
The  oricchetto pasta was prepared al dente with chicken, sausage and fresh mushrooms in a garlic sauce.  
The veal dish was tender and served with blanched Brussel sprouts and a scoop of mashed potatoes. 
Other flavorful dishes were the pasta with veal and olives and the penne vodka with peas and chunks of extra salty pancetta. 
The food was served hot and in a timely manner as we were heading to a show. The restaurant was full within ten minutes of being seated.  Call ahead for reservations
Fresh cannoli cake, tartufo and pistachio gelato were our dessert choices. 
La Viola is well worth a visit.  
Keep in mind it is a BYOB and CASH ONLY establishment.This restaurant is a Philly gem! It is the only reasonably priced quality restaurant in this high rent district. The only thing you have to keep in mind is that because of it's excellent reputation you have to plan your timing if you want a quick meal. If I have show tickets I arrive at 5:30 - 6:00 and I then I have the place to myself. Remember to bring your own.I came to Philadelphia on a work trip so I was traveling alone. My last night here I decided to try La Viola because of the great reviews. I stood in a line for 20-30 minutes before they finally told me that I should leave because they couldn't accommodate a table for one. I tried the other location and received the same response. Very disappointing not to mention rude.Great food at great price. I made a reservation because I had a larger party. They seated us right away. The wait staff was quick and friendly. They had several specials on weekend to accompany the regular menu. Everyone's dinner was very good. I highly recommend the spinach gnocchi. Dessert and dinner was even great!Mediocre Italian food in a ridiculously cramped setting.  Poor service, overpriced for what they serve.Delicious food, cute if a bit crowded and noisy environment, and amazing prices for the quality. One of my favorite Italian BYOB restaurants in Philadelphia.
This restaurant makes me feel like I am somewhere in Europe, a local non-touristy place in a neighborhood off the beaten path in Italy or even Paris. The tables are small and close together, the atmosphere is vibrant and energetic, the service is attentive and efficient but not fawning or pretentious.
And the food is wonderful. The menu is a fairly standard selection of traditional Philadelphia Italian - salads, seafoods, pastas, and veal. Nothing extraordinary in the offerings. But it is cooked so well, really delicious! 
Portions were very generous. I am very sensitive to restaurants that are fancy and serve tiny portions, and I left this meal completely satisfied and full. 
And the prices are amazing. For a Rittenhouse Square location, especially, these prices can't be beat. 
This definitely is a wonderful meal and a tremendous bargain as well.I was impressed by both the food and the service at la viola. We got the mussels and were given free bread (our second loaf) to dip in the sauce. My fiancé got a pork chop special that he loves and my pasta was delicious. I do wish they had more vegetarian options on their menu. Also, note that they are cash only, which seems a little strange with their high prices.The food was delicious, atmosphere great - high energy and busy, always a good sign for a restaurant on a Friday night.  Service was friendly and good, up until we were finished eating. The waiters and host made it blatantly obvious that they wanted us to leave - to a point where the host was standing behind me with fresh linens over his arm the last five minutes we were there. I understand it was a busy night and there were people waiting for a table, but it left us with a negative impression after what was a great dinner.Great Italian place. They have really nice menu with a big diverse food. Always nice going there and always full. Don't forget to bring cash with you cause it's the only way to pay. Liked this place a lotI've been living next door to la viola for over 4 years now,
you can't go wrong with starting with their salad special, grilled calimari, mussels in red sauce.  My fave entree is there chicken marco pollo- tender chicken topped with prosciutto cheese and white wine sauce, delicious! Prices are very reasonable.Three stars. One star for attentive service (yay for coat checks), one star for the food (the calamari, the orrechiette, and the seafood risotto) and one star for the cute and cozy ambiance (the restaurant is one room in a townhouse and lit by candle light). 
One star off for small portions--the seafood risotto had a pitiful amount of risotto in the middle; the amount of seafood was probably not enough to satisfy a grown man (read: my boyfriend). The orrechiette was delicious and the small portion was okay with me. The calamari appetizer was delicious as well--nice and tender with a hint of smokiness. But again, you only get like, seven rings of calamari on the plate.
Another star off for eating in a tiny, tiny space. It was not too busy when we ate, but we had to check our coats because there was no space to put them anywhere. I don't think I would come here if it were busy. Moreover, I don't think I'll go out of my way to come here unless to check out the Belgian beer bar across the street (lambic ale, anyone?)I had walked by La Viola numerous times and always wanted to go for dinner, so when I was planning dinner for my 25th birthday,  I called immediately to make my reservation!  I went with a group of about 8, and the place was very accommodating, albeit, cramped.  I'm a huge fan of BYO's, especially as a 20-something who would rather spend my money on a high quality meal that I couldn't prepare myself at home.
To start, one of my girlfriends and I started with the antipasta, which was delicious.  When trying to decide which entree to go with (they all looked too good to choose!) I found myself looking around the restaurant to see what other people had ordered and I knew that no matter what I chose I wouldn't go wrong.  I decided on the Lobster Ravioli for dinner, and it was unreal.  Having left my plate completely clean, and celebrating a birthday, we splurged for dessert.  The pumpkin cheesecake was superb, as was the chocolate cake that another friend ordered.  
The staff was so friendly, and were so excited to come out and sing happy birthday!  The only downside to this place is that it does get pretty noisy because of the small size and excitable groups that it attracts (birthdays, bachelorette parties, etc)  I felt bad for the young couple that came in for a quiet date night who sat next to us, though La Viola has a location across the street that does seem more suitable for intimate dinners.  I'll have to try it over there next!I have been to La Viola a few times in the past and have always thought of it as a place to get a solid Italian meal in Philly.  It is a little tight inside, but most of the BYOs are the same in that respect.  
This past weekend I went with a party of 6 to celebrate a friends birthday.  We had to wait outside for about 40 minutes before we were seated, even though we had a reservation.  We noticed that there was a large party of about 20-25 people also waiting--this is a small place so we hoped that we could get get seated and get our order in first.  We were finally seated in a odd place--the front corner where they shoved a round table into a two person square table which was pretty uncomfortable.  We were then served burnt bread which we had to send back.  The rest of the food which included grilled calamari, the special salad, Barramundi and a few of the pastas were decent but nothing special to write home about.  My Barramundi was good but when I got half way through I noticed they had taken the bread which would have been nice to have with the remaining sauce.  I tried to flag down the waiter but by the time he returned it was no longer needed.
Our real problem with the night was with the handling of the large party--after singing happy birthday at least three times before dinner was served and having the birthday girl stand up to give a speech/toast I approached the hostess to ask if they could have the party quiet down.  In response I was told that they had made the party wait two hours to sit (during which time they had obviously started on their BYO wine) so they could not ask them to do anything.  I am unsure how the restaurant's inability to manage reservations should be my table's problem, but apparently it was to the staff at La Viola.  We did not get so much as an apology for the drunken behavior of the party which really started to ruin our dinner.  La Viola should really take care to respect all of their patrons.So for some reason this place has been distinguished as a Philadelphia staple, or so it seems.  Most people from the area have eaten here at least once before.  Overall, I wasn't overly impressed.  Maybe it's because I'm from Jersey where people REALLY know how to make Italian.  I don't know.
So to start, we had a 7PM reservation.  If you're gonna go there, definitely get a reservation, but still, definitely expect to wait.  We waited about 30 minutes or so (there were 6 of us), but there were at least 20 people that waited longer than we did.  They have you wait in what's pretty much a hallway outside the main restaurant room.  And from what other reviews seem to note, 30 minutes wasn't bad at all.
So when we get inside, it's crammed.  Tables for two are right on top of each other (less than a foot between tables).  We're right up against the kitchen so there are waiters and waitresses knocking into our chairs all dinner.  And it's loud.  And the entire time we felt a bit rushed (which I can see why with a ton of people always waiting for a table).
To start, we ordered some calamari for the table.  It was grilled so it had a lot more flavor than your typical variety.  Sauce it was cooked with was pretty tasty too.
For dinner, they have all the average Italian stuff on the menu.  Being a bit adventurous, I decided to go with the special for the evening, which was a mix of pasta, chicken, and shrimp with a tomato sauce.  Overall, the dish was kinda blah.  The sauce was very bland.  Chicken and pasta were cooked fine.  But what people say on Yelp about the seafood is absolutely true.  It was terrible.  Previously frozen, very tough consistency, and a flavor that's hard to pinpoint but a flavor I didn't really like at all.  More fishy than shrimpy.  
It is BYOB, so that's a good thing.  But you can find a lot of other places in Philly that are BYOB.  The appetizer was good too, and some other people at my table liked their entrees (standard Italian stuff that's hard to screw up).  Bottom line: don't come here to get blown away, don't come here if you're impatient as you WILL have to wait, and don't come here to have a good conversation.  I'd recommend looking elsewhere.  Philly has plenty of other restaurants.Had dinner w a friend here last night and it was wonderful. When told they were byob we were about to leave when they said they would be able to serve us single glasses so we stayed. The food was delicious, every course--plentiful and expertly prepared. The ambience is quiet and romantic. Additionally, the table next to us offered us some of their wine which we thought was very kind. And lastly, they allowed us to linger until midnight . Would come again absolutely.i was skeptical about going for italian because i have NEVER (except for pizza) had good italian in the states, despite the large italian population in the philadelphia area.
i have to say that the food was so tremendous that it overcame the hour i drove around for parking (this is REALLY hard to do), the extremely cramp seat i had and the extremely noisey inside.
i shared the pasta special and the fish special (tuna) which were both excellent and fair priced.Possibly the worst dining experience ever. 
I have been to La Voila twice before and always considered it a nice byo and have recommended it to many people.
However, last evening changed all of that! We had a large party and were sat in the basement party area.  When making the reservation my friend knew in advance about the prix fixe menu. I have food allergies so she inquired if I could order from the regular menu if the prix fixe menu didn't have anything I could eat. They said 'no problem'. 
We get to the restaurant and I look over the prix fixe- I can't eat any of it. So I request the regular menu and was told no. I explained that we had asked when making our reservation and after a little bit was allowed to order from the main menu. I decided on a salad and two appetizers. When it was my turn to order I was told I could only order from the prix fixe- I told them AGAIN that I could not eat any of the offerings.  I then requested  a salad and two appetizers and was told NO! you get only one! In the rudest of voices. I ended up being  charged $35 for $16 dollars worth of food.
The food- my salad was bland. The mussels were terribly over cooked so much so the shells were breaking down into the mussels and broth. And served lukewarm.  
Bread- a table of 22 people was served 2 baskets of bread.  We requested more bread- from SIX different people. No one would give us more bread- isn't bread a staple of every italian restaurant?!?! After over an hour and asking 6 people we finally were given an additional basket. Forget about seconds.
Dessert- I get it. We brought our own cake. The prixe fixe menu included dessert. They did not serve us dessert yet... still charged us...of course!  i ordered a cup of coffee and it never arrived. 
Paying the bill... although their website states "ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED."  they would only accept cash... 
I really have nothing positive to say about this place. I will never recommend it again- no matter how accommodating they are on the phone. The food is mediocre and the service is deplorable.  Who leaves a restaurant having spent $35 + tax + tip still hungry?!?! This place maybe a victim of its own popularity....Summary: fine but fairly generic food, noisy, b.y.o.b
Review: The food at La Viola was not interesting or innovative, but overall fairly tasty. My salad was not good - came with a remarkably bland cheese. But, my pasta was tasty and my girlfriend enjoyed the veal medallions. 
Tables are right on top of each other and the place is very noisy. Have to yell to be heard across even a small table. 
BYOB is nice.Food was excellent, wait staff SUCKED.  Made the experience crappy.  Will not be returning just because of the staff.  One waiter actually got very nasty because our party of 14 were not all paying attention at once while he read the dessert menu.  He stated that he would NOT be repeating himself!!!  Another server (possibly the same obnoxious one) told us outright that he would not be coming back and forth to take our drink orders.  THE WORST STAFF EVER.I've been to La Viola plenty of times and it never disappoints.  
Went here with my parents and in-laws and everyone seemed to enjoy the food, although my father-in-law did say the lamb could've used more garlic.
Although it's not the best BYO in the city, it's one of the most accommodating and affordable places.  They take reservations, which is great if you have a big party as many BYO's either won't take reservations or make you wait until your entire party is present before you can even put your name in.  
Most of the entrees are priced between $14-20, even for meat dishes.  The portion sizes are just right too.  Service is always on point too.
Perhaps not the classiest of places, but great when you want to have a nice dinner, but are watching your pennies.  Speaking of pennies, La Viola is cash only so hit the ATM prior to going.You get a fine dining experience for a very reasonable cost. To top it off its BYOB, which I love. I have tried the Samon, the vodka sauce ravioli and devoured the chocolate cake for dessert. Its a great place to try if you have not done so already.Very nice popular spot for Italian food. Everyone in our party was pleased. Our orders included a wide variety of dishes.Crowded? um that would be a big YES. 
And I don't mean crowded as in it was a full restaurant, I mean crowded as in it was a FULL restaurant with mere inches between tables and narrow walkways for waiters! Insanity!!! 
But very tasty, and the people were all really friendly, so the crowded thing was actually kind of fun.  Though the dishes seemed small when they came out, they were MORE than filling, and very very tasty.
One thing though, my lobster ravioli didn't really seem very lobstery. I looked inside one of them and I would swear it was just cheese, tasted like it too.  I have had lobster ravioli before and it is delicious and noticeably lobstery.  Not so for this one.  So several points off for giving me cheese ravioli when you are charging for lobster, but man--it was so tasty--I kind of don't care!
I don't know that I would come back, but it was a wonderful night out on the town spot for a nice meal when visiting the city.I have eaten here several times and I have always enjoyed my meal. This is real Italian food and I absolutely applaud the owners for keeping it simple and authentic....most of the time. The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because of the cramped space and the occasional "appeasement" dishes that make it to the menu to satisfy crowds that don't share an Italian heritage. If they took off the gloves I could easily imagine eating octopus here and loving every second of it.One of my favorite places in Philadelphia! Great service. Charming atmosphere. Authentic Italian. Pasta made in-house.  Very fresh!La Viola was an enticing spot to bring out-of-town guests to balance showcasing a classic Philly BYO with the assurance of a reservation. While the food was good (especially for the price point of $30/person including shared apps and desserts with individual pasta entrees), the waitstaff/kitchen annoyingly ignored all requests they initially agreed to (prosciutto on the side of the salad to accommodate the vegetarian and a side of grilled chicken for a non-vegetarian). 
The Ravioli Alla Viola had a lot of lobster although I would have preferred bigger chunks of meat. The Gnocchi Al Filletto Di Pomodoro was light and tasty. The appetizer salads were good-sized, and the desserts (chocolate lovers' delight Dark Side of the Moon, Tiramisu, and Pumpkin Cheesecake) all were delicious.I order the Filet medium rare. Well done and well seasoned with great service. However the sides were absolute garbage, in particular for a $30 plate. I was given two tiny pieces of roasted potatoes and 3 cut slices of squash. Neither paired well with the steak, especially given the size of the steak in comparison to the portion of the sides. Much better Italian places in Philly.I would love to do a longitudinal study of couples who go to La Viola, and the effects of the endless waiting you do before you sit down.  Waiting for two hours, out in the cold, for your name to called with everyone else.  It can put a strain on a night.
If the earth were exploding, and you were trying to get on the last rocket ship leaving the planet, there would be less of a crowd at that ship than outside of La Viola.  
And what's even more awesome is that the hostess said it was a 10-15 minute wait for a table.  Was it a lie?  Yes.  Yes it was.  10 minutes turned into two hours.  Apparently, it doesn't matter if you have a reservation.  The rule of law holds no power at La Viola.
Once we were seated it was perfectly fine Italian food.  We also sat next to a Chase Utley look-a-alike, so I bumped the review up to two stars.  
The take aways: five star waiting.  Three star food.  Skip it.A very reasonably priced casual BYOB Italian joint.  The staff is friendly and outdoor seating is available when the weather is nice.  The Orecchiette Alla Romana is simply awesome (pasta dish with chicken and sausage).
The place is not large so it probably gets crowded on a friday or saturday evening -- so it might be best to avoid those nights if you're worried about a crowd.  And its cash ONLY so be prepared for that.My boyfriend and I love going to BYO's. Every weekend, we sit around throwing out ideas for new ones to visit... and half the time we inevitably settle on La Viola for the umpteenth time. 
Appetizers: Even though the mushroom salad doesn't sound like anything great, you can't go wrong with 3 kinds of mushrooms soaked in buttery goodness. 
Pastas: Orechiette with garlic and sausage is perfectly chewy and flavorful - just the right amount of meat and vegetables for a pasta meal. Lobster ravioli is great - the pink sauce is milder and less creamy than a lot of other lobster ravioli's i have had. 
Entrees: I normally don't order their meats but the veal medallions (ala Viola) are very tender and flavorful. 
Even though they have opened a newer restaurant with a larger space and the same menu across the street, I still like going to the original. Something about squeezing in inches next to your dining neighbor appeals to me... or maybe it's just because the dishes are $1-2 cheaper than the new place.I would give this place a 3.5
It has reallllly good food, but it just isn't that over the top taste or experience. It is great for the price and I have never had a dish that I haven't liked, but don't go here if you want something out if this world.
It's a nice above standard Italian place. They so cramp you in your tables, so it gets noisy. Good service thoughMy sister loves the bread here and raved about the prices so my bf and I checked it out yesterday. We were glad that we called ahead (approx 2 hours) to make a reservation for 7PM. Even so, we waited for  few minutes. While we were waiting, a girl came in and asked about the wait for a table for 2 and the hostess directed her across the street for  La viola West as the place was sold out for the evening.
We started our meal with a great Riesling, which went well with our mushroom appetizer (3 kinds of mushroom in garlic sauce) (Yay Yelpers who suggest yummy appetizers!).
I got the veal with artichokes and liked it a bunch. It came with snow peas and mashed potatoes.
Bf got the fettucine pizzaola which came with capers and olive and red peppers, but was a little heavy on the tomatoes.
Too full for dessert so we'll have to try that next time.
Perhaps a bigger group than 2 is better. It was rather loud  and somewhat better for a party of 3 or more.BYOB and very yummy. gets loud but the food is worth it - especially the salmon tagliatelleNot the best BYOB service, and the food was just okay. We tried the chicken fontina and the salmon, and both were served with the same type of sauce. Doesn't seem very authentic Italian to me.
Probably won't be back.I'm enamored by the fact that La Viola has restaurants on BOTH sides of the street. I mean that shows how legit the value of this place. I definitely thought that the service was top notch. The waiter was very knowledgeable and was attentive. However, they are like a little bit of a factory.... they won't change the dish really other than what is on the menu.
The food is good, but not life changing.
This is an excellent BYO, not the best -- certainly far from the worst.
I will definitely be back.... I mean they have open table .... Hello OT points??Random points:
The food is very good. 
The service is also good.
It gets a bit loud and hard to hear your dining partner.
The tables are close together. If you don't like people, this is not the place for you.
Multiple misspellings on the menu.
Cash only.
I would eat here again.I adore this place. Been coming here for years now. Great friendly service, amazing food, and a BYOB? What more could you ask for. It's especially a steal during restaurant week - but I come here much more than that. Every once and awhile we'll get seated next to an obnoxious, rowdy group on a Saturday/Friday night which is to be expected since it's such a tight, intimate setting. Not really the restaurants fault though. This side is also usually much more quiet than the other side, which is good to know depending what you're looking for!Went to La Viola for restaurant week.  Its a small restaurant with a good ambiance, and is quiet so it was easy to have a conversation through the entire table.  The food was great and portions were of a good size.  For restaurant week, I definitely left full!  A great value.I was torn between 3 stars and 4 stars, but I'm trying to exercise some discipline here. La Viola is a small Italian BYO a few blocks off Rittenhouse. The service was very attentive. The food is solid if not spectacular Italian with a menu filled mostly by salads and pastas. I found the food to be solid but not great. The flavors are good, but textures in the food and presentation were off. What saves La Viola is the prices which are extremely reasonable. When you combine those factors La Viola makes a solid but not spectacular place to come and enjoy a bottle of wine with some decent food.I tend to be picky about Italian food, having grown up in an Italian-American household, which is why I give 3 stars. This was average in my book, not bad but nothing too special. I was surprised that our order only took a couple of minutes to come out after we had placed it - to me, it just seemed like too little time for the kitchen staff to have paid full attention to the food. I did appreciate the different options, including seafood, on the menu, which were not typical of an Italian-American restaurant (in a good way!). The servers were very nice and attentive. The BYOB concept really worked for this place, and what was lacking in the food for me was made up by the atmosphere. I really appreciated that they (our waiter as well as the manager or owner, I wasn't sure which) checked on us often, but did not rush us out in any way.Super good and super loud. I took away a star because it's always so loud, you literally have to scream at the person across from you. Besides that part-- the food is great. My favorite italian place in the city.My wife and I and our friends had a marvelous meal here. The veal was spectacular and we cut it with our fork. Service was top notch. Will definitely come back.One of the best meals I've had in a long time. Excellent gnocchi, only complaint was that there wasn't enough sauce. The service was attentive, but maybe a little overbearing. Since this place is an old-school Italian eatery the service fits. A great place to take parents or friends visiting Philly.La Viola has great food, I have taken several out of town people to La Viola to experience the Philly BYO at a great place.  
Highlights for me:  
The staff is pretty much all Albanian.  This amuses me greatly as they serve me my delicious Italian.  
Half orders of the pasta.  Anything besides the lobster ravioli and homemade pasta of the day can come in half.  Call me indecisive or extra hungry but I need some pasta in addition to my entree, salad and dessert, and a half order is just right to fulfill my craving.  Try the gnocchi.  MMMMMM.  
The dessert menu.  I have eaten now all of their standard dessert menu, and everything has been phenomenal.  One warning - we ordered "strawberry short cake" and I think this was just a mis-speak on the waiter's part, because it was more like a cake that had some hint of strawberry in it.  No traditional fresh strawberries or whipped cream, just a light cake.  The moon cake & the tartuffo are my favorite.  
This place is small - even when you're seated outside and it feels less claustrophobic - you are still VERY involved with the people next to you.  I'm okay with this, I think it's kind of fun, but just be prepared.Looking to step out of our normal restaurant zone, we went to La Viola on Saturday night for date night.  We were given many, many, many recommendations for La Viola by numerous friends and co-workers so we figured it's gotta be good.  We had a  7pm reservation and were seated shortly after.  
Since I read a bunch of reviews on Yelp and heard from friends that it was a pretty small space, I wasn't surprised or uncomfortable with the closeness of the tables to our dining neighbors. There was a bachelorette party and many other large parties here on Saturday night. 
After we were seated, our wine was poured, waters were brought out for us, and bread was delivered to our table. Our wine was put on ice and our server shared the specials with us. We reviewed the menu and asked our waiter if we could put in for an order of the mussels in white wine sauce while we decided on our main courses.  He said he had to take our whole order at once so he'd be back in a few minutes... 10 minutes later he returned and we put in our order. Our waters were kept full by a team of servers/bussers/water boys, and we were offered more wine multiple times in that 10 minutes before our waiter took our order.
Fast forward twenty minutes, we still don't have our appetizer and one of the tables seated at the same time as us has already eaten their main courses (they didn't order any appetizers except a salad) and left the restaurant.  A new couple was seated at the table to my left and had a calamari appetizer in front of them, they jokingly asked us if we were eating dinner since they had been seated so long after us and already had been served their appetizer.  We started to wonder what was going on but didn't really make a big deal  out of it since we (luckily) weren't really in a hurry. We put a dent in our bottle of wine, and a different server asked if we were ready for our main courses... we explained to him that we had never gotten our appetizer. He was very apologetic and went to talk to our original waiter.  The original waiter came over to our table and asked "What was your appetizer order?... and what did you want for your main courses?"  He had completely forgotten about us.  We sat there for a solid half hour in total with no food, he hadn't checked on us, and if it wasn't for one of the other servers noticing we probably would've sat there for another hour.  To this guy's credit the place was packed and he was all over the place, however for a table to be sitting there with no food for that long of a time and it didn't dawn on him to check on us for so long it was just poor service and lack of caring on his part.  The couple next to us obviously heard what had happened and said "well maybe you'll get something free out of it" (Spoiler alert: that did not happen).  
Our mussels were brought out about 5 minutes after we ordered them for the second time, and I'm pretty sure they were freshly prepared and not forgotten about in the kitchen or anything. They were delicious and our entrees were both good too. I had the seafood risotto, he had the salmon with fettuccini. The food was good, the portions were right for the price.  Our waiter never apologized or acknowledged his screw up.  We were going to not be too generous with his tip, but because we were fairly certain they probably share tips there based on how the service operated, we didn't want to punish anyone else for his screw up.  All of the other bussers/servers/water guys/wine refillers were so nice and very attentive.  I literally think almost every time my water glass was half full someone was refilling it for me.  I am sad to say on my first visit I would give La Viola a 2.5 out of 5 based on our waiter.  The other servers bumped it up to a 3, along with the food.  Despite being forgotten, I think we would return again in the hopes that this was maybe just an anomaly.  I would definitely take 2 bottles of wine next time though!This is a great BYOB place, except for their cash only policy. I've been here twice before I got on Yelp, and each visit was a delight. I'd love this place as a dating restaurant. 
This time we ordered the mussel and mushroom as the starter, and daily special pasta and fish. Everything was perfect. The amount of food, I had to say, is less compared to other places, however enough for a 165lbs asian guy like me. 
It is a small place so it gets really crowded after 6:30. Don't know if they allow reservations since I always arrive around 6pm.
And for what might be worth mentioning, their specials are about 1.5 times the common price on the menu.Been twice now.  Good little BYOB.  Everyone had very tasty pasta dishes.  Friendly and attentive enough service even when crowded.  It is slightly cramped and even got quite loud on a Saturday night.  For good Italian food the cost is great.  Everyone at our table had salads and mains and our bill came to just around $100 for five people!This place should have more stars. I've never had a bad experience here. Then again I get the gnocchi every time so I may not be the best person to give a  review.
Excellent staff, amazing food, great atmosphere.We were there recently with a large crowd in the back room and everything was great.  The staff was super pleasant and helpful.  The food was very good and served hot.  It is a small place but the location near the Kimmel Center makes it worth the any problems with the coziness of the location.  Great food, service, and location - all winners in my book.Wow! I really have nothing bad to say about my experience last night. My boyfriend took me here for my birthday. We didn't know it was restaurant week but decided to stay anyway. The hostess said the four course restaurant week menu featured pretty much everything that's on their regular menu and that the portions are the same as usual. She was absolutely right. A lot of places will have minimal choices and smaller portions because they're not really making money during restaurant week. La Viola has set the bar high. The place is a little cramped and loud but to me that's part of the bistro dining experience. I liked the atmosphere.
The food was delicious! Everything we ordered was flavorful and cooked perfectly. My salad of smoked trout over spring mix, artichokes and capers was the perfect blend of flavors and textures. My mussels were perfectly cooked and the white wine broth I could have drank it was so good. I sopped up as much as I could with bread but didn't want to get too full for the main course. My boyfriend's grilled calamari was tender and had a light smoky flavor that I loved. I got the ribeye as the main course served with mushrooms in a red wine sauce. It was tasty and cooked medium just as I asked. My boyfriend's pork chop stuffed with prosciutto was amazing. I never order pork chops out of fear of it being overcooked and dry but it wasn't. We were so full we couldn't finish our main courses so they packed up the rest and our two tiramisus to go. They gave two generous portions of tiramisu. After tasting I can say it was light and not too sweet which I like.
The waitstaff was on top of their game last night. Right away they poured us a glass of the white wine we brought and kept the bottle chilled til we needed more. We had our main server but they all were attentive and catered to our needs refilling water, asking if we wanted more bread, fresh cracked pepper, clearing empty plates, etc... I hope it was not just because it was restaurant week. I guess we'll see next time we go back which we will since we live in the area. Hopefully, I'll be writing an update with the same glowing reviews as this one.Although I'm leaving 3 stars, my experience more of a 3.75 just short of 4 stars. First, I dined here last night for restaurant week and for my different courses I chose the insalata pesces (smoked trout salad, mussels in white sauce, veal topped with crab and arugula, tiramisu, and a cappuccino. The smoked trout salad was the best thing I ate that night. It had bold, fresh flavored with olives, capers, and artichoke in a Italian dressing or vinaigrette. The mussels were ok nothing special, and I did not care for the veal although I ate it. Maybe I'm just not a veal person. It came with two potato pieces, two broccoli pieces, and a sliver of bell pepper. Those sides were more like garnishes. The tiramisu was moist but not memorable or flavorful. The cappuccino was nice and strong.I don't know.. everyone loves this place but I think it's overrated. I got the Orecchiette Alla Romana, which was good but nothing amazing. It was also kind of cold (although we WERE sitting outside). It was crowded and rowdy outside too, and I can only imagine it would be worse inside. At first they offered us a seat in the dark alleyway... which we refused and waited for the table to be set up on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant. They only brought out 2 soups instead of the 3 we ordered, and then they came out with it an hour later when we were done eating. It was "affordable" but there are many other affordable Italian places (BYO or not) in the city, and I'd much rather go to like Amis or something next time. Meh.I love Philly BYOBs! 
This place feels like you are really having a fancy evening without the fancy price tag! 
Also, no corking fee! 
Pros- Warm crusty bread with proper herbed dipping oil to start, love it. 
I had the mushroom appetizer which was so delicious. For my entree, the orecchiette dish. I've had this twice because it is so good.
My friend had the lobster ravioli which she loved, but was VERY very small for an entree. 
Honestly, if you are on a budget and still looking for a "nice" date night without the cost, come to La Viola. Bring wine. Come at 5 if you want the restaurant to yourself! 
Cons- Laminated menus? Really? Come on.I've been to La Viola east & west - I prefer west because it was a little more spacious and the menu had a few more appealing options to me. The food at both places is great, but I really wasn't wowed by either of my experiences. It's nice that it's a BYO, but for the portions you get I do think it's a little overpriced. All in all, both were good and I'm glad I went once to each. Definitely worth a try, but not somewhere I'd go back to repeatedly.La Viola Bistro had one of the largest restaurant week menus I've ever seen, with five choices for the first course, four choices for the second course, and a whopping TWENTY choices for the third course (entree), and then five or six selections for desserts. Plus complimentary coffee and tea.
It's a very intimate place, and the tables were quite packed, but the wait staff kindly took our coats and bags to another room. We had a large party (about 18 people) and the service was just excellent. 
I stuck to a "seafood theme" - ordered the smoked trout salad, grilled calamari, and the fish of the day. All were amazing. Good saltiness in the smoked trout salad, a hint of citrus but not too overpowering in the calamari, and very nicely seasoned fish of the day. I've never had a white fish so bursting with flavor before. Wow! The only minor thing was that the calamari was a little too chewy. 
Dessert wasn't anything spectacular (had the pistachio gelato) but I am interested in coming back to try some pasta dishes. 
Great little BYOB place!