I came after running the Philadelphia Marathon last weekend.  Ehhhhh, not sure of this place.  I sat at the bar, and even though it wasn't busy by any means, it still took at least 5 minutes to get a freakin menu (and there were 2 people in and out of the bar).  I finally got a menu and it took a good 10 minutes just to order.  The bar tender kept skipping over me it felt like, even when I tried to get his attention.  I'm ordering food and alcohol, so come on.  
I got the burger and fries because it seemed like good post running food.  I asked for my meat well done because I like my meat killed, it came out still a little pink.  Food was ok but not anything that stuck out.  Definitely better places in Philadelphia to go toLast night I died and went to Gastro heaven.  Venturing in from the suburbs, we picked Ladder 15 for dinner.  I could not believe the menu.  Wonderful combinations, unusual ingredients and all served in an extremely cool venue.  The only reason I didn't give it the 5* was because the flyers game was on and, althought it wasn't packed, the noise was deafening.  'Nuff about my complaining.  
When I saw the ingredients in the Steak tartare, I had to try it because I knew whoever devised the recipe knew what they were doing.  It was truly the best I've eaten in years and the Cognac and the raw quail's egg were like gifts to the palette.   Mind you, if I had known just how good it was going to be, I think I would have ordered another one for my entree.  Instead I ordered the Potato & Goat Cheese cigars and a Roasted beet salad.  Both outstanding and I was glad to be able to congratulate David when he stopped by the table to chat.
My partner had the Rabbit Quesadilla, which was flavorful without being gamey.  He ordered the Burger 15 and I have to say this must have been one of the best burgers I've tasted, topped off with red wine marinated mushrooms, red onions and a tender short rib.
I don't get why Ansill features marrow so prevalently on the menu.  I had never tried it and was curious.  I found it to be gelatinous and bland.  Maybe I'm missing something.
Contrary to the experiences of others, the service was fine.
It was a 30 something crowd and tons of people on here have complained about their attitude.  However, their attitude, actual or perceived, would not prevent me for going back to try more items from this outstanding menu at this fab Gastro-pub.So I went to Ladder 15 after reading an article on Serious Eats about their Burger 15. Ribs and marrow on a burger? Sign me up. And of course, I've not a clue coming to this place so as a habit, I come to my trusty Yelp site to find out the drill. Seems like everybody has a story about this place on a negative note. I guess it's a blessing for me to not have been here when the chef was different or when it was its former self, because genuinely I did like the place.
I liked the firehouse/banker/lodge theme, I liked the hard wood floor and the black leather booths, I liked clean and roomy bathrooms and most of all, I liked the food. Given, I've only been here once and I only brought one friend and we're both not really that hungry Plus, the items on the menu is in the "trendy restaurant" price range and it doesn't make me feel like ordering everything on the menu but what we had was solid. 
The truffle fries were the best one I've had yet. Unlike the other ones, the flavor of the truffle really came through and it was awesome with the truffle mayo/tartar sauce, any acid/ketchup would have killed the flavor. Chicken Wings were also awe inspiring, you'd know it from the first bite. It's tender but lightly crispy with a sweetness from the caramelization, the juiciness from the meat, plus the creaminess of the avocado puree, the spiciness of hot sauce and the aroma from the green onion and crunchy sprouts on top. It's heaven in one bite.
Burger 15 was also great. I was calling it the ribs and marrow burger the whole time because I like the idea of having that. Build on a brioche bun, the burger patty is topped by a ragu of tender ribs meat and bone marrow with small cube of mushrooms to add a welcome toothy texture, and some onions for extra flavor. It's one of the juiciest burgers I've had yet and in a good way. Though I have to say the bottom brioche slice wasn't ready to handle all that bootiliciousness and became a bit soggy. Overall, It's interesting and well thought out food.
The staff was friendly enough and my waitress attentive enough, refilling my lemonade when I'm barely halfway done. Although I wished that she would have warned me about the fries that comes with the burger, since it's not printed on the menu. I wouldn't have ordered another bowl of fries and gone for the fried cauliflower. The prix is also not printed on the Prix Fixe menu, have I known about that I might have ordered that instead. So there a re a few front of the house thing that could be better. It could be crowded in here and the crowd could be a bit obnoxious. But since I like the place and the food, I'll bring a few friends back and do it all over again.I REALLY wanted to like this place, but it was not meant to be.
I ended up at Ladder 15 for a Friday night dinner and drinks as part of a group of four, and things got off to a great start.  We wandered in around 8:15 and were promptly seated.  The decor was extremely cool, and our booth seats and chairs were comfy enough to warrant comments.  The noise level and crowd were energetic, but not overwhelming.  The service through the evening can best be described as friendly but poor.
A first glance at the beer list looked promising with ~10 unique selections.  However, closer inquiry would reveal that they were out of two beers, two of the remaining 8 were fruit wheat beers, one of the remaining 6 was also a wheat beer, and so on...  Everyone in our group ended up settling for something less than thrilling.
The food menu led to similar high hopes with inspiration from so many different styles of cuisine - Korean tacos, enchiladas, burgers, yes please!  I even said "Wow, this menu is so diverse that I will be really impressed if they execute it well."  I was not to be impressed on that night.  Nothing tasted bad, but nothing was great.  Our table had the aforementioned Korean tacos and enchiladas, as well as a sad little chicken sandwich, and a salad of "field greens with pepitos, cider vinaigrette and roasted chicken" that translated into a $13 plate of bitter greens with 8 pumpkin seeds, and approximately 3 oz. of cold shredded chicken doused in a very tart dressing.  Fortunately, we also shared a basket of truffle fries that stood out as the tastiest part of the evening.  They also prevented us all from leaving hungry, as the portions of the meals were quite small.
Again - I REALLY wanted to like Ladder 15.  In fact, the atmosphere was almost cool enough to bump them up to 3 stars.  However, towards the end of our meal, I discovered the "atmosphere" included a giant, sharp bolt sticking out of one of our table's legs at precisely knee height.  When I told our waitress what happened (and asked for extra napkins to use for the bleeding), she was fully unconcerned.I was unaware of the no one under 23 rule until reading these reviews, and by the bros who were milling around the floor I don't think the age thing helps class the joint up! The drink I ordered was good, and I have previously eaten here - the plates are small but flavorful. I would like to give the place more stars, but the atmosphere is just - ugh!Ah-mazing food! Stopped by here for a quick dinner before a show at the Academy of Music and were quite pleasantly surprised by the amazing food! Started with the guacamole, which was freshly made and not from a jar. Then the tuna tartare - easily one of the best I've ever had. Large chunks of fresh red tuna in a delicious sauce, served with wontons. Would've been happy to stop there but then the Brussel sprouts came. Holy Molly! They are by far the best I have ever had and I make them myself - theirs put mine to shame! We didn't bother to have a drink, but the food will not disappoint. Also, our server was exceptional and another reason to go back.Pricey drinks, great music. Really really loud on Friday and Saturday nights. The bar is huge and great location in center city. It's mostly open space with very few high top tables.Crowded bar. I like the girls but it seems to like they dilute the drinks. I don't know how they get away with this. Must be something they do with the owners.Disclaimer: Only came here to drink at night.  Though as soon as I got on this page, a big photo of splooge on the bathroom wall popped up and, well, a place that inspires people to splooge in the bathroom just can't be all bad.
This is definitely a "new" place in Philadelphia.  New meaning it didn't exist when I lived here back in 2009.  Around $10 a drink, loud, no dance floor.  Really just a room full of white people yelling at each other over the music.  Not an attractive crowd either.  So expect to splooge alone in the bathroom.Service was good. Food was good. Atmosphere was decent.
Our server was very attentive and had our drinks/beers filled. They had fried cauliflower which was awesome. I also had a portobello and eggplant pressed sandwich was was delicious. It was just warm and loud in there. It is a trendy happy hour bar but I was sweating indoors :/Visited this place with my 15-year-old daughter for lunch as it was recommended to us for their great burgers. I would have no idea though because no one ever took our order. There were three tables including us. One table checked out as soon as we got there. The other table was a loud drunken group of guys. The hostess sat us, gave us menus and then I never saw her again. We waited 15 minutes and then bailed. Seems this place is really only good for bachelor and bachelorette parties.
*Update* - I revised my review because, while we did have an unfortunate experience, their social media manager reached out to me. She was very nice, explained what happened, and offered us some freebies if we return. In light of that, we'll give them another try next time we're in Philly.I would go here for drinks, but NEVER for food again. The service was good. They tried hard to fix an undercooked, over-garlicky flatbread and luke warm chicken that the manager admitted was reheated. Their attempts failed. They floated us a round of drinks, which was nice, but if they don't fix their kitchen, this place will close by the end of summer.
I received a message after posting this review from the manager and thought I would share it.
"I did not admit that the chicken was reheated... It is a roasted chicken that is cooked at the begining of the shift, it takes 45 minutes to cook it and would be impossible to cook for you to order.  I was trying to be nice and explain what was really going on.  Thank You"Simply Solid.
The service:
Came in, walked to a table, 2 mins later a waitress was ready to take our order. Now she was very helpful, made some recommendations which was great. Here's a crucial part of serving someone, always smile! It is always nice to see a friendly face. 
The food:
We had the hummus plate which was awesome and I had ordered the roasted chicken sandwich and a side salad. Now the chicken was a bit on the drier side but the rabe really helps maintain some moisture so your sandwich isn't dry. Other than that, it was a solid meal, no complaints. 
I would definitely go back here, it was a very calm place to go for dinner and drinks, I wouldn't go in expecting too much, just standard bar food. You get exactly what you're looking for at ladder 15Ladder 15 has tons of potential but a lot of kinks to work out.  We had a hair in our hush puppies and our waitress was unattentive at best.  At least three times we had to raid the next table for silverware and plates.  When we pointed out the hairy hush puppy, she grabbed just that one off the pile and we had to actually ask her to take back the entire dish for another round.
I liked the layout but could see the place getting nuts for happy hour. Tuesday night at 7 PM was very chill.  Plenty of TVs to watch the Phils.
The food (except for hairy food) was quite good.  The Buffalo Sytle Lollipops and short rib quesadillas were both VERY good.  The Roast Pork sandwich was big but $11 for roast pork?  The Hook and Ladder Irish Ale was a highlight.  The Seared Tuna oversalted.  
To cap it off, 6 of us wanted to split $150 bill onto different credit cards.  The waitress screwed up again and basically forced a few of us into paying cash.  Standard process a waitress needs to have down cold that just added to the annoyance.  
I'll definitely go back for a 2nd chance...probably because it's a block from my apartment.I have not attempted to come here on the weekend, but happy hour during the week is decent.  I went with a big group of co-workers.  They gave us a few tables in the front by the windows so everyone was able to store their coats and few people sat down.  The draft list was good, and there was a special on a few of the cocktails.  The waitress was very attentive, and the drinks came quickly.Stopped in here New Years afternoon, having never heard of it, on advice of a local hipster, who called it a "must stop" for eye candy and crowds.  Holy s***. Line down the block through a very orderly bouncer station.  Inside, cavernous ceilings.  Modern cool interior.  Just drank from a solid selection of tap micro-brews, but food looked very good.   I'd say:  beer stop. While forging my path to the bar, a bunch of nice chics made way for us to move through, chatted us up right away.  I get the attraction.  Food, only if your under 30 and don't mind eating in what feels like a subway station.  No criticism - just personal preference.  Too many good food spots in neighborhood.  Hard to see how anyone would really be "warm and cozy" or "cool and comfortable" eating here.We stopped by for dinner around 6 pm before it got too busy but there were still bouncers at the door. Based on my only meal, I can honestly say the BURGER 15 is the best burger I've ever had. The Burger 15 has Ragu of Short Rib, Mushrooms, Onions, Marrow, Truffle Sauce. Never before has a burger melted in my mouth so deliciously. 
Before the burger I had the chicken wings as an appetizer. They weren't your typical wings, they consisted of Spicy Chili Sauce, Jalapeno Avocado Puree, Peanuts. They were delightful with a kick. 
My only downside was the desserts. But this isn't the type of place you really go for dessert.Went to a fundraiser for happy hour yesterday. It was pretty decent. There were $5 dollar mixed drink specials that were surprisingly boozy. The food was OK. All fried appetizers. The winner was the fried mac and cheese squares. I could eat dozens of those.
I really like the ambiance of Ladder 15. They had a fire going and the lighting is pretty dim. Makes for a cozy happy hour with your friends.Ok I only come here late night, but the best part of this bar is the bathrooms. They have really clean bathrooms which is impressive in a bar where people are getting drunk, throwing up, spilling etc. Stupid yes, appreciated very much so.
Some nights I hate humanity when I am here...there are too many people...if God wanted me to be that cramped he would have made me an ant and made me live in an ant colony.
Go to the top floor, there are fewer people and the bartenders are very responsive to the fact you need alot of drinks to stomach the fact that enough people to fill a small European nation are on the ground floor.If you are looking for a step up from a relaxing bar scene and wanting to dance a bit this is the place for you.  Drinks are alright nothing special but there are tons of people in this place.I went to Ladder 15 recently as part of a group celebration (much thanks to Matthew Fletcher for making sure we were taken care of).
I was able to try several menu items and was impressed with each. The polenta fries were warm and appetizing, the goat cheese cigars were unique (in a good way), and the classic burger was cooked exactly to my liking.
The draft beer selection was high quality (which means it might run expensive at regular hours). I particularly liked the inclusion of Sly Fox stout, which went well with my burger.
Thanks to the staff at Ladder 15 for the specials and service we received, I will definitely recommend it to friends looking for a higher-tier bar experience.Happy hour is OK but very crowded.  Bartenders are not very attentive.  Better, less crowded options are just around the corner.I went to Ladder a lot when I first moved to Philly, have tried to not go so much anymore. I think I am a bit old for the crowd. Feels very jersey shore meets college. Although it is so close and if I want to go out dancing I usually hit it up. I have had a lot of fun here, so it is definitely worth checking out. Just be prepared to wait in line, barely be able to move downstairs and be constantly grabbed upstairs when trying to dance as a young female. If you are into that kind of an evening then the place is for you! Just be forewarned it gets very sweaty and crowded and you will be spilled on at least once or twice. So leave the good shoes at home. 
They do have a pretty good happy hour which is worth checking out and their food has always been pretty good.Five star review for my service and atmosphere. The bartender Claire was unbelievable to my and my friends out for a batchlor party.  No we did get free drinks but even while in a slammed packed bar she always was with us within 30 seconds. Great job Claire great service and great talking with you!Truly annoyed that places like this get all low star reviews. 
Its a sports bar. Which means bar food. Bar food isn't salads and smoothies, its deep fried, needs ketchup and needs to be shared. 
Me and two others split about 4 plates. Everything was delicious and naturally we overate. My fit-bit tells me I have 10k steps, so I guess I can justify fried everything. I was here on either a Sunday or a Monday late afternoon and it was kind of slow. Probably due to some of the poor reviews. But give this place a break, it may not be the best in Philly, but it's just fine!It's hard to stand out in the middle of Center City Philadelphia given the sheer number of (good) restaurants and bars, but Ladder 15 does a pretty good job. We host events for work here often, which we did this past Tuesday evening, because they are incredibly accommodating (read: don't charge us for space) and because the food is stellar. 
We had a group of ~25 people here on Tuesday night, where people could take advantage of happy hour specials ($5 house wine and beer). We ordered quesadillas, truffle fries, and the cheese and hummus plates, and everything was really great (like, literally, my team talks for days before these events about wanting their quesadillas). The ambiance of the place is more upscale casual to me, there are some TVs and a crowd of mostly business professionals and work dates on a week night grabbing a drink and dinner. 
I haven't been here on a weekend in years, so don't know how different it is then, but for after work drinks and food, this is your place!We stopped in here after some good breweries in Philly. We are all older guys in our late 20s early 30s, but wanted a good club to check out. We walked past here, looked good so we went on in.  I had a 4 pack I had purchased from a brewery and obviously was told I couldn't bring it in...makes sense I didn't argue. But the door man, manager maybe, let me put it at the Host stand which was very nice. We ended up drinking there for a good 2 hours, GREAT music and a good crowd.  They made my brother take his hat off which indicates they like a respectful crowd who dress well no problems there.  My only complaint is the prices of the drinks. I got a vodka/water which had some type of lime juice in it I didn't enjoy and it was 9$ for a small glass.  So I switched to bottled beer which was 7$ each for a Dogfish head. The prices aren't OUTRAGEOUS NYC style prices but I didn't want to keep drinking all night even though I did.  Plus at the end of the night my beer was missing, and while being kicked out since they were closing two of the guys basically said "o well" but the same manager from earlier popped in and seemed to actually want to help and he found it behind the bar where someone was storing it for safe keeping.  Good customer service, good music, expensive drinks but I would highly recommend this place for people in their 20s to have a good time at, but unfortunately I'm 30 now and I like more chill places.This was my first time here and definitely won't be my last! The bartender AJ was wonderful and very attentive!I have been using Yelp for a long time and never felt more obligated to write a review than I do now that I have eaten at Ladder 15.  I was concerned when I saw the huge expanse of a dining room with a decent amount of tables occupied and not a single server in sight.  I think I caught one resetting a table over in the corner but he certainly didn't acknowledge me.  After 10 minutes I saw someone and literally flagged them down, seriously wondering if table service existed.  Long story short, once that server knew I was there everything was fine.  I have no complaints whatsoever about service - I was well taken care of.   
The food?  My issues with the food are minor and totally fixable but they did ruin my meal.   I ordered a spinach salad that looked horrid.  Slimy, wilted leaves of green slathered in what tasted like plain old vinegar and oil and that's it.   The vinegar was so strong the half rotting leaves so drenched in oil... that dish came out of a professional kitchen?  The server seemed almost sad to serve it and graciously offered to remove it from my bill when he noticed I wasn't eating it.  Next I had a fresh crabmeat and mango type of salad.  It would have been delicious however it was served on a "Himalayan salt block" and after 60 seconds on that thing all you could taste was salt.  The most overpowering salty salt you can imagine.  Crab is a subtle, sweet and fragile ingredient - this dish was inedible after 3 minutes on my plate and I even went so far as to slide the food off the "block" and onto a side dish to save it but to no avail - couldn't even finish it and I LOVE crab.  The truffle fries were good, I enjoyed them no problems.I was apart of an event at ladder 15 and while I was there I was disturbed by over hearing one of the bartenders claiming he was too high to do his job. Later he said that he couldn't believe that he had to be here for this "bullshit party". I come to find out after that he was a manager. I would not want to further deal with this "manager." The rest of the staff was very pleasant but this "gentlemen" was far from the rest.Showed up on Friday night around 11:30ish (not so much voluntarily, I should add)
Definitely is a club-like atmosphere including a lot of drunk people, quite a few douchey guys, and girls in the shortest and tightest dresses you've ever seen. No problems with service or drinks though (which almost makes me want to give them one more star...almost). 
This place is really not my scene. Not to say that it couldn't be yours. I'm sticking with dive bars. I'd much rather dance at the Trestle Inn.I was scheduled to be in town for a conference. My company wanted to do an event to entertain some customers. After contacting and getting information from several venues, I chose Ladder 15. I am so glad we did. Victoria was the event coordinator for our event. She was great to work with from the beginning. She was upfront about all of the options. We had a private party on the third floor with food and an open bar. All of our guests said it was great time. Victoria was present to make sure everything went well, and our bartender John was as good as it gets. I'm sure this place would be good as well for a casual night out with friends or just to watch a game. For our client entertainment, though, it was perfect.Nice decor, cool vibe.  The service was just okay but the food was amazing.  The nachos, grilled wings and brussel sprouts were all really good.Man, why so much hate? We were here for Happy Hour, some snacks and drinks - we sat at the bar, noticed that the spot was fairly empty (sure it was a Tuesday, but Happy Hour is Happy Hour) and there was an up-swing of yuppies hanging in a few dark corners. But we had a great time, a knowledgeable bar tender, and the most comfortable bar chairs I've ever put my butt on. That's right, I'm talking about the seating - I've never ever done that in a post before, so trust me, they were comfty. 
We had the AVOCADO & CHIPS - Spicy Jalapeno, Mole Poblano and the DUCK ENCHILADAS - Mole Poblano, Monteray Jack. Both were tasty. Not the most fantastic dishes ever, but really fun and solid. The guy next to us had the burger and I nearly stabbed him with a toothpick to get to it. We'll be back.I was so excited to try their burgers after one of the managers gave us a hard sale when my boyfriend and I walked buy (originally heading towards Nodding Head). So props to manager with a good sales pitch. Unfortunately after trying both burgers they had to offer, we were left pretty unimpressed.
Classic Burger ($10, w/ cheese $11; not bad)
- Prime sirloin, on a brioche bun.
- WAY too charred for my tastes.
- Pickle on the side made me happy though :)
Burger 15 ($18; not worth it)
- Prime sirloin, braised short rib, red wine mushrooms, grilled red onion, bone marrow, with a truffle sauce.
- Bone marrow was still in the bone, it was very hot and hard to get out.
- Sounds better than it tasted...
Truffle Fries ($6)
- Truffle mayo.
- Yummy.
All in all, I wouldn't come back. But for those who like a nice charred burger than definitely try this place!Balls to the wall happy hours filled with suits and skirts from every high rise within a five block radius. Married men flirting with disasters and half willing women with hope chests in tow. This is the pond where retired fishermen come to fish and the fish come to feast, nibbling on sweet nothings and promises of fastuous rituals of courtship that disengage themselves just as quickly from the lips that released them.
We found our own table, at the request of our server, makeshift hostess, who wore a pretty black dress, tight in all the right areas, and then some. Her head bopped up and down as she spoke, a slight urgency lived somewhere in her tone, as her eyes darted to the table of patrons to our left. The table we chose rocked, an alternating seesaw of elbows shifting back and forth. Across from me, her expression tightened. The half smile she brought with her pursed outward as apprehension rippled across her face. I grabbed her drink as it edged closer, returning it back to the center of the table. After all, I was her sun, her moon, the stars that painted her velvet sky, bringing tender absolution to her restless soul.
Oh yeah, the food was okay. I found the roast pork and provolone cheese egg roll a tad bit bland. A generous helping of the included horseradish cream should remedy that. Cheers.First off, yesterday it was 90 degrees and they have ceiling fans and no central air.  Secondly, they had 2 people at the bar and us (4 top) at lunchtime (1pm), where are the patrons?  There's an upstairs, maybe it was jam packed full of people.  I don't think so, but anything is possible. 
The server, whose name I didn't get because he didn't tell us, was so blasé  that I wanted to go to the store, buy him a cot and let him take a nap or get him a redbull or something.  Seriously, it's 1pm and you have NO CUSTOMERS act like you give a fuck.  
My knife had Nickolodeanesque green slime on it.  The server kinda shrugged and got me a new one, barely apologized.  I'm sorry, I didn't request Chernobyl radiation on my fucking cutlery, apologize profusely.  Had I not been with my boss I would have actually asked him what his problem was, alas, I had to pretend that I'm not a snobby bitch. 
The only redemption was the food.  The side salad was great and so were the fries.  The flank steak sandwich was good, healthy portions.  As I type this I'm rethinking my 3 stars.  The food wasn't any better than what I could get on a lunch truck in Love Park for probably less.  I'll keep it at 3 stars just because I didn't pay for it.  Had I paid for it that server would have made it drop to 1 star.  
Seriously, male server that worked downstairs on June 25th with the curly hair.  If you were lethargic because some major tragedy occured the previous night that had you up all night with your dog/mom/grandfather/hamster then you get a pass.  Otherwise, you need to buy some redbull and a personality STAT.
I just got this message about this review and I wanted to address it:
The HEAT will make anybody lethargic! Cut the guy some slack. Sounds like the boss is too cheap to put in air conditioning. I could never work in conditions like that, never. And then try to be pleasant on top of that? No way. Don't blame the waiter, blame the boss.
My response to this message:
Everyone has worked somewhere that has had shitty conditions.  If you haven't, I'm happy for you, honestly.  However, you work in a position that pays less than $3/hr and your primary source of income is the generosity of strangers based upon how well you do your job.    I used to bartend, have drunk assholes harrassing me and I KEPT SMILING, because that drunk asshole may just leave a hefty tip or just not realize that he put a $20 in my jar not a dollar.  Be hot and lethargic and sulky on your own time, don't let me see it.  Granted, if the boss doesn't have central air, he's an abusive idiot and you shouldn't work there anyway.  
s/n: I was comfortable with just the ceiling fan, it wasn't oppressive.  The people I was with don't take as kindly to places sans ac, that was my main reason for mentioning it.I've been to Ladder 15 a few times for happy hour and it's always crowded, so they must be doing something right. Last night I went to Ladder 15 for Center City Sips happy hour and had a really good time. The people checking IDs at the door were very nice, the drinks were tasty, the bartenders were friendly, and the company was great. I ordered all three of their Sips cocktail specials: the Cherry water ice, which had cherry pop rocks in it, the Southern Tea, sweet tea vodka and iced tea, Crazy Water, limon vodka, club and lemons, and the Mango Sansom, which reminded me of a mai tai or bay breeze with Malibu mango, pineapple juice, and fruit punch? All were very yummy and at $4 each it was a steal. I didn't have any food this time around, but their truffle fries are awesome!The only thing I like about this bar is the neat ceiling fans.  Other than that, I hate this place with a burning passion and have no idea why anyone would want to wait in line on a weekend to pay a $5 cover for an already crowded bar when there are so many other good establishments in the area.   
Drinks are way overpriced, patrons are douchey, food is pretty bland.
Go anywhere else!  You'll thank me later.Good burger. Nothing else.
Yards is $6. I'm pretty sure you can throw a stone to the brewery. Figured they were categorizing it as "craft beer" so they could get away with that price so ordered a generic water beer (Amstel light) and to my surprise, $6.Let's not beat around the bush - if Ladder 15 is crowded, DON'T GO INSIDE. All of my experiences with Ladder nightlife have been overshadowed by the unsavory masses of untucked shirt douchery. You do not want to be associated with these people...
That being said, it's a whole different world when going to Ladder for their Happy Hour. It's not crowded, the booths are comfortable, the drink selection is great, the specials are pretty good, and the food is decent. 
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Price: 3
Food: 3
Drinks: 4
Decor: 5
Service: 4
Wild card: Flying Fish Exit 4!Forget about Restaurant Week, Ladder 15's Tuesday night 4-course $20 prix fixe meal is the best deal in town!  We went there on Feb 8th, and the bronzino w/ mushroom entree is worth $20 alone!I'm a fan of this place when I'm headed out for the night . There is a decent happy hour here as well, but it will get packed past 5:30pm - so get their early if you want to get some apps and find an open table. 
Staff is decent, especially if you're there with a group, and there is a good selection for draft/bottle beers and everything you want as far as liquor goes. DJ maybe reluctant to play your favorite 80s jam, but music is good otherwise ;)I went in for Happy Hour with a group of friends, and it took about 20 minutes for the waitress to order our drinks. We should have ordered food at that time because it took another 20 minutes for the drinks to come out, and it wasn't that busy at all. Next time we will try a different place in Center City.Went here for lunch. The portions are a great size and the prices are even better. The wait staff know when you need something and they do not bother you when you are eating or on a business lunch etc. 
The food tasted great. I cant wait to be back to try more things from their menu!Went there once for Center City Sips.  It was nice starting off, but then the place became overly crowded with the financial types. 
The drinks were amazing though.  If you're going for happy hour or Sips, be sure to get there a little early in order to get a seat!Yesterday, after being in this establishment all day to get a good spot for the Super Bowl, I was KICKED OUT for using "the wrong bathroom". There are restrooms on three floors, some of which are gender neutral and apparently some that are not. With absolutely no warning WHATSOEVER, I was pulled from the bathroom and physically escorted down the stairs and thrown out. I had to BEG and PLEAD to even be allowed to get my coat or close my tab. I tried desperately to explain that it was a simply mistake! Not to mention, the ENTIRE City of Philadelphia has a gender-neutral bathroom policy!! It's not enough to say that I will never come back because clearly they don't care about their patrons, will humiliate you and kick you out for absolutely no reason. They treated me like I had committed some awful crime when it I simply went into the wrong stall AFTER another woman held the door open for me. Please use caution!!!Ladder 15 is luckier than walking under 13 ladders...in the most hipster ironic way possible. Ladder 15 also convinced me that Yelpers often have 0 idea of what they're yapping about (much love Yelp ;) ). 
If you're looking for some serious bar food with some seriously good flavor, texture and fun, then Ladder 15 ought to be your go-to gastropub. It's got a decent beer selection, as any pub should, but it's also got that shiny feel...It's like a new car. Ladder 15 is clean, spacious and the perfect venue for eating dinner at 4:30 in the afternoon.
If you come here, you must get the poke tacos. Poke, an indigenous Hawaiian dish, is quite difficult to find on the mainland...and it's quite impressive when little chunks of raw tuna are interspersed with cubes of avocado, seasoned and placed delicately in a crispy taco shell. Discard the shell if you're more into healthy things. 
The truffle fries are amazing. They arrive at your table in a ceramic boat, so large that you'll question your ability to polish the white clean. No worries, as soon as one of those juicy fries coated in just enough truffle oil to offer the essence of fine dining, you'll be sure of your stomach's ability to stretch beyond capacity.There are a handful of bars I avoid like the plague and Ladder 15 had always been a part of that list...without me ever stepping through the doors. The line outside was telling enough. I know myself, and I know I prefer cozy, quiet, dark bars.
And while, yes, Ladder 15 is dark, it's absolutely the opposite of cozy.
My introduction came on Halloween, and I felt like I was a few years too old to be in there. Fortunately, we all found a place near the side of the downstairs bar and stayed there for the duration of our visit. I've now become acquainted with the angry ball (?) drink -- angry orchard with a shot of fireball, on special that night. It wasn't bad. Also, the bartender was super quick, so there's the extra star.
Will I go back? Only if necessary. Will I like it? Doubtful.WOW! I want to start by congratulating the staff at Ladder 15 on their exemplary customer service. My fiancé and I partied here for New Year's Eve and from the moment we arrived, we were treated like gold. We had never been here before, but we purchased regular tickets for $120 each which included an open bar from 9pm-2am, DJ entertainment, a champagne toast at midnight, New Years Eve favors, and hors d'oeuvre-style food. We were the first two people to arrive and it was well before 9, but they let us in anyway. We chatted up the bartenders who were all extremely friendly. Before the crowds started coming in, a man came up to us who I presume was a manager and told us that the coat check was upstairs. We stayed at one area of the main bar for most of the night and my Cosmos were made perfectly. My water was refilled without me having to ask. The food was delicious. When the bartender who had been taking care of us most of the night saw us getting a little flustered at the crowd and having drinks spilled on us, she suggested we try the upstairs bar or the back bar. She then had one of the bouncers escort us to the back bar where it was much less crowded. The bartenders here were a friendly couple who chatted with us and remembered us being the first people to arrive. To top it off, when everyone else got their champagne in plastic glasses, we got ours in glass champagne flutes. All of these little details truly made us feel like royalty, and we didn't pay any extra money for the VIP tickets. This is how you get return customers. Will definitely be checking this place out in the future.I went here for weeknight drinks/dinner with some young urban professional friends, and it was just fine for that. 
The space is yet another example of that fancied-up industrial decor that so many restaurants favor, but it is done really well, with the wall full of rocks and pretty chandeliers. It's spacious and open, and on a Tuesday, not crowded at all. Our waitress was attentive and friendly.
The beer and wine lists are both small and average, but they do have Hook & Ladder and Leffe Brown on draft. All the cocktails seemed to be of the sugary dessert-themed ilk...not my cup of liquor.
Vegetarians have things to choose from here, including pierogies, fries and edamame for sides, and a stack of baby grilled cheese sandwiches, a mushroom BLT knockoff, and Marathon-esque "put what you want on it" salad in the "big plate" category. We ordered a bunch of things to share, and it was all solid 3 stars good - nothing mind-blowing, but nothing off, either. 
I enjoyed the pierogies, which came dressed up with tarragon (I will be trying this again at home) and stacked high for curb appeal.The 3 stars are strictly for the food. My girlfriend and I stopped there after yoga and decided to split a salad and nachos . We sat at the bar and It took a good 5 to 10 min for the waiter to come and take our order. My friend asked for a coke and water and i just wanted water. The waiter came back with two cokes and a water.. First fail. Then we ordered our food and it literally took 25 min to come.. Dies it really take that long to make nachos and salad.. I don't think so. When the food finally came, the presentation was appetizing and the food tasted pretty good. The nachos had plenty of ingredients and the chips stayed crispy which i liked. The salad presentation was very interesting. 
Overall bad service but pretty good food. I wouldnt go out of my way for this place but might eventually give it another shot.Friendly atmosphere and a nice selection of beer on tap. Delicious Grilled chicken, fish tacos  and bbq chicken pizza.   
This unique place is worth your time and I expect to go back as I heard they have a fantastic happy hours
No busboys present when we attended so I cannot opine on this aspect of the restaurant.I've been here a few times for Happy Hour since it opened, and this place is a scene.  There was a nice age range of people there, and you can't beat the $2 Blue Moon's on the Sips menu.  
Service was okay, a little slow, and yet our waitress asked us not to go to the bar - when it was right behind us! - to get our drinks.  Then pick up the pace, lady!
Now that David Ansill is the chef there, I am curious to try the food.
And I have found it the most fun, when the upstairs is open.Truffle fries were fresh and tasty but the dip served with them was cold and gelatinous, yuck.  I had a salad, which was also good, I liked that you could choose your salad components.  The other two in my group also liked their food. 
If it were not for the crappy service this place would have earned another star from me.  Inattentive waitress did not check on us at all during dinner and was pushy in getting us to leave; so pushy we opted not to get another round of drinks.  
After giving our credit card to pay, a few minutes later we were flippantly told their credit card machine was down and we will have to pay cash or write down our credit card info to be charged at a later time (which the waitress referred to as "ghetto style").  
I definitely echo the sentiments of other reviews about the crowd - seemed to be an after work pickup bar.   Not a place we are likely to patronize again.If I like Ladder 15, does that make me a yuppie scumbag?  Of course not. 
I don't understand this blind hatred for Ladder.  Yes, the food used to be crap and the drinks were sugary and uninspired. Despite this, Ladder is always crowded from happy hour through last call.  Now that they are firmly financially successful, the owners have called in a new chef, David Ansill, to rehab the menu of upscale bar food.  
Burger with truffle aioli and bone marrow, polenta fries, lamb empanadas -- this is not just gastropub, it's David Ansill!  He's a professional Francophile who is obsessed with food, dudes.  You are not going to have a bad meal here with David on duty.  
The beer and cocktail lists were also re-done as of April 2010.  There's about ten craft taps representing local, US and European beers and they are knocked down to $3 during happy hour.  Hello, beer geeks !
I personally think its fashionable to bash Ladder because people are so eager to have something easy to hate, like the yuppie-white-hat post-college crowd.  You are not the things you hate, you're not the things you love, either -- no matter how little identity you actually possess.This place was really underwhelming. It has a really cool exterior and the interior was just as exquisite. Naturally, we had high expectations. We got our menus and we're disappointed to know that a lot of the few beers in tap were already gone,  and the food offering was really limited. One of our beers was flat and we ended up paying full price, not happy hour which we'd arrived for. I got a Caesar salad and the lettuce was roasted and the dressing was gross. Thank God I ordered shrimp, because I wouldn't have been able to eat it otherwise. The only reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one was because our waitress was really nice.Really liked the atmosphere. The fish and chips were excellent. I really enjoyed the tartar sauce. It had a special twist.Jordon C. Is right, they have some beautiful women and a lot of meatheads staring at them. The bar is fairly large and seemed to have a good crowd, however when I order a vodka tonic, I want a VODKA-tonic, not a tonic-vodka. I also ordered a water, I watched the bartender pour it, and it was water, what I couldn't figure out is why it smelled and tasted like cherries (dirty glass I am assuming- hoping actually).Went here for happy hour with some friends. Drinks were reasonable for Center City and the service was quick and friendly. I had some food, which was surprisingly tasty.  The fries were excellent and came with a nice spicy sauce.
Happy hour wasn't too crowded, though I understand this place turns into a douche-breeding nightclub after dark. I didn't stay that late, so I can't say anything about lines and covers or crowds. Not a bad spot but nothing fantastic. I may go again for happy hour, but won't make a special trip.After dining here, I swore I'd never return. Fortunately,a friend was having a going away party there, so I came back. The place was fun, the service, great, and the drinks were yummy. So I've changed my rating and hope the place keeps getting better.Open spaces. Great beers.  Friendly staff.  We had a group dinner and just ate at the bar tables by the window.  Casual and cool. Waiter recommended the burger with mozz, basil and tomato.  I wasn't that hungry and was afraid of getting the typical football-size bar burger.  Not so.  Coarse cut beef burger was excellent and not too big.  Not small but you can eat it all trust me you will want to. 
Very good atmosphere and place.I went here for happy hour and it was okay. We got some standard beers (which you really can't go wrong with) and ordered some Mac and cheese to share - which was also pretty standard. The customer service was a little lacking. It took a while to get the server's attention. The area is nice though, featuring multiple levels with ample space. I would call this a pretty standard pub, without the bells and whistles.I was in here for the first time for a happy hour and I had a great time. Given it was a specially arranged happy hour for a group of friends and given we did know someone on the staff which probably helped us get a good deal of attention. But I genuinely enjoyed this place. The happy hour deal is a steal when you consider some of their specialty drinks are 12+ dollars normally and $6 bucks during HH which is a great deal. I wish there was more food on special, I think that would really help flesh it out. 
The space itself is gorgeous. Spaciously spread over 2 floors, lovely wood and metal combo which I really though was appealing. We had a bunch of the bar snacks and they were all delicious, I also split a burger with a friend and it was a quality burger- I don't eat red meat really often, so when I do, it has to be like amazing and cooked exactly medium well or I just can't do it. This was exactly executed the way I would have wanted it, with blue cheese topping it- it was a grand burger indeed. 
From looking at the other reviews, it definitely seems like it depends on when you go what kind of service you get, but from my one experience it was definitely a great time and I would return in the future.This review is just for the food/beer part of Ladder 15:
Maybe Yelp should add Ladder 15 (David Ansill version) and give the place a fresh start. I never ate at Ladder pre-Ansill, but I've been there recently and the food was really good. Got the burger, it was awesome. They also make some pretty sweet Tacos. They have a great rotating beer draft menu and you can make your own flights, which is pretty amazing. I still don't love the set-up inside, though... but I'd eat here again for sure.Decent place to spend a weekend night- I enjoy the multiple levels and the open space. I also enjoy that it's always hopping because sometimes the point of going out- is meeting lots of new people!Ladder 15 gets pretty busy late night. It is a scene, really crowded, really happening. Drinks are reasonably priced. It makes for a fun evening out if you are ready for a crowded party.Living only a few blocks from this place I really wish this place was a bit better. My first experience there was overall very positive, good soup, good burger. My second experience however was much worse. My fiancee ended up having some issues with her meal and even though they comped our meal I don't think I will be trying this place again.This place is not as bad as I thought it would be. After walking by many times on my way to other bars, I was always struck by how trashy and douchey the crowd looked out front of Ladder. The interior is well laid out with a bar in the back and a large one spanning the entire right side of the bar. There were also tables to sit and an established dance floor in the middle. This place offers you the club dancing in a non club atmosphere. That is what I found most appealing. It was also fairly easy to approach girls in this place; however, the talent was not first rate the night I went (last Saturday). I will certainly go again, but it will be at the end of the night when I'm really drunk and just looking to close. ABC...The food is too expensive, and mine was cold to boot.  $12 for a buger, on toast, no fries: i'm sorry but that's a non starter.
The place is nice and clean, and the staff is super nice, but the food was pretty poor.
They did just open, so I'll given them another shot in a month or two to see if they've worked the kinks out.Watched Game 4 of the Flyers/Montreal series there.  Not crowded at all, lots of big screen tvs to watch it.
Nice beer selection on tap.  No light beers on tap, FYI.
Our bartender was GREAT.  I ordered a soda+cran that he kept refilled all afternoon.  I've been to bars that treated me like crap for not ordering an alcoholic drink, but this guy was very cool about it (I'm talking to you Smiths).  Kept drinks flowing for my friends that were imbibing, and offered samples of brews for them to try.
The truffle fries were ridiculously good.  Thicker than 500 degrees a few doors down, and seriously worlds better.  The truffle butter thing on the side was also amazing.
The beer battered rock shrimp was not as good -- kinda fishy tasting (I know, I know, it's seafood, but still, I was expecting it to taste more shrimpy and less fishy).  Just kinda "eh", nothing amazing, like the rock shrimp appetizer at Morimoto.  Of course I probably wouldn't have watched a hockey game there, so it's an unfair comparison.
Also had the portobello sandwich -- very tasty.  I didn't miss the meat.The food is good, but regular prices are wack! We went for Center City Sips, so I was able to try the truffle flatbread and buffalo lollipops for half the price. Didn't care too much for the lollipops, but the flatbread was freakin' amazing! We also ordered truffle fries, grilled cheese shortstack, and the crab and corn hush puppies.
Thank goodness they have the Sips specials going on year-round.Meh, needs a better beer selection. I guess if you want a fancy schmancy loud bar to hang out in, this would be fine. But outside the $4 beer specials (happy hour?), I prob wouldn't come back again.
The place is pretty though? Just not my type of bar with the loud crowds.I've only ever been here for lunch - but it's pretty good.  It's usually pretty empty for lunch which is fine by me after reading all these stories about the supposed usual nighttime clientele. 
The food is pretty good.  I've had the short rib sandwich which was yummy (a little too heavy for lunch, but that's my mistake).  The gazpacho was great last time.  The tuna sandwich was a little blah but ok.  My friend had the tomatok, pesto and mozzarella flat bread which I stole some bites of and was great.  The cocktails are yummy but on the smallish side.  
Great lunch spot overall.  Maybe I'll try dinner/later on, but that cover charge and Wharton a$$hole overload are not making it sound tempting...Good for groups.
It would be good-er if the DJ played music we could dance to.
it would be good-est if the people danced at all.Went for center city sips to try something new. Drinks were super weak. The cherry water ice also didn't come with the candy garnish and when I asked if it was missing something, was told that's how it comes. Cheese curds honestly tasted like the mac and cheese bites at Sheetz... definitely not cheese curds :( fries were okay, though not crispy, and the mayo on the side was pretty coldI've been here on two occasions; one for a happy hour event on the third floor, the other for late night dancing.  
HH Event: I had to eat first and got the Spinach Salad with Chicken.  It was decent and nothing really to complain about.  Plenty of chicken, greens, and other good stuff.  The Strawberry White Wine dressing was different, but definitely worked in an odd way.  
The event was good and the bartender seemed to be on point.  No complaints. 
Late Night:  This place gets PACKED!!  The drinks get expensive, but the DJ is decent and if you can find a place to dance, then it's a good time.  They really shouldn't let so many people in.
The place is fine if you are in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't seek it out.We accidentally came across this place as we were looking for a place to watch NFL red zone. This place happened to have it although when my boyfriend asked if it was possible to turn sound on the bartender (John) said only for Eagles games. Nbd. It wasn't a huge ordeal so we stayed and ordered food. I was hesitant on ordering after reading negative reviews but my burger and his buffalo chicken sandwich came out pretty reasonable (nothing to write home about though). Our bartender was nice but not overly friendly. We actually were the only ones there besides another table which the bartender seemed to know. Another patron walked in and was obviously a regular and was occupying the bartender with some lengthy conversations which is fine but it seemed to distract him from our wanting to order more. About halfway into the game ( not halftime yet though) another group came in which the bartender also seemed to know pretty well. Clearly this a place for regulars. They had asked the same  question about the sound for the game and instantly the bartender turned it on for them. We were so confused and pretty offended so we left (after waiting 20 minutes to close out) 
Lesson learnedJust what we need - another expensive bar downtown that has mediocre food and charges too much.  
First of all, the happy hour only goes until 6p and at that, you can only get the happy hour prices at the bar, not at the high-top tables.  Second, they are unbelievably punctual about the happy hour ending at 6p - I think I ordered a drink at 5:56 that didn't come until 6p and it was a decidedly non-happy hour price.
Second, the drinks are expensive.  There are so many places in town that serve great drinks, do we really need one that charges $6 for a local beer, $7 for wine and $9 for mixed drinks?   
Finally, the food.  Don't even get me started on this.  Do we really need fancy names and fancy prices for regular bar food?  Truffle Fries with aoli for $8 = french fries; mac and cheese croquette with stewed tomato for $8 = deep fried mac and cheese; a warm pretzel with corned beef, greyere, and warm country mustard for $10 = a pretzel.  C'mon!  You can get a pretzel down the street for $1!  
To be fair, the space is nice looking with hardwood floors and lots of tv's for game watching.
Bottom line: don't bother - it isn't worth it.Came here after happy hour at another location down the street. At best, it was OK. The best thing about it was I was able to get a really large pour of wine for only $5. It was not very busy, but maybe that was because it was a Tuesday night. I did not eat the food, so I cannot comment on the happy hour specials.