This restaurant sucks the managers do not know customer service and probably can't spell it either.  I ordered several items and they were out of everything!  Because my husband wanted his money back they totally ignored him and went on to the next customer because because she came in the door yelling and screaming...RUDE!  Rude! Rude!It's great that a bar is finally on the SJU campus-- both for the school community and the local community. The prices are quite high for a bar, drinks-wise, but the specials are great, so I always take advantage of them. I love the Mexican Mondays and the Blue Moon Tuesdays. 
The food is decent, though not the best pub food I've ever had. I recommend the fries, but make sure they come with something, because the prices are sky high when ordered a la carte and the portions are not worth the money. The quesadillas are a great choice though, especially the vegetarian option. My favorite thing to order is the grown-up grilled cheese. Three different cheeses that are good melters and buttery, toasty bread. Definitely the best item I've had on the menu. They also allow you to substitute the soup for fries, which I always do, because I was not super-impressed with the tomato soup (my portion was seasoned improperly and was little bland for my liking).
While I was initially excited that a bar had finally opened on SJU's campus (and went there way too many times in the first week of school), I've grown very disappointed in the performance of the servers for the bar. They never staff enough people (especially on the good drinks specials nights), so the service tends to be slow and inattentive. In order for me to give a better review, the servers need to get on their game and more need to be staffed on busy nights. However, I really enjoy being able to see tons of friends at the bar at any given night because of its proximity to campus, so that is a big plus.
A final note: the Quizzo is a little weird with the way they calculate the points, but if you like to gamble on your answers, Landmark offers an innovative weighting system. Also, the game is slow-moving because their way of dealing with and preventing cheating is to hand in every answer at the end of the question. I didn't find the content overly hard, but the points scale throws off the point-earning potential.I'm a really big fan of the Landmark Americana in University City, so when my friend told me she was having a get together at the St Joe's location off of City Line Ave I figured that it would be a pretty good time, however, the experience was very dissatisfying.
When I arrived with 4-5 of my friends, my friend's boyfriend had a table for only about 6 people that they already had full so my friends and I went and sat at the bar to get some drinks and appetizers while we waited for everyone else to arrive.  The place was not really very busy considering that it was happy hour on a Friday and there seemed to be a whole lot of wait staff on duty, however, all of the wait staff seemed completely flustered.  You would think at the main bar area it would be pretty easy to keep track of getting someone a drink, but about 4 different bartenders would float in and out.  No particular person seemed in charge of helping people at the bar.  So I would order a drink with someone and they would just disappear.  One drink I ordered they just never brought to me.  I ordered some boneless chicken wings that took forever to get to me.  I passionately love the boneless chicken wings at the University City location, but these were a sad imitation.  They weren't very saucy so it made them very dry.  When we finally got a table for our party I asked the woman who I had ordered with to close out my tab.  (She had never taken my credit card to open a tab in the first place.)  She said okay but then 10-15 minutes went by and she just never came back over to me, even though she was right there in front of me making other drinks and such.  Finally I asked a man who I think might have been the manager to help me.  It didn't seem like they had any tab for me.  Luckily for them I'm an honest person so I told them what I had ordered and paid for it.
Things weren't much better when we finally got a table and had a steady waitress.  She seemed very busy and distracted, despite the fact that it still just wasn't very busy in the restaurant compared to the number of patrons.  It just seemed like they were highly disorganized in there.
The only thing that saved them for a 1 star review is the fact that their happy hour prices and menu is very good (much of the reason why I love the University City location.)  I ended up not paying very much for my drinks and chicken, which is good because the drinks were barely alcoholic and the chicken wasn't good.  It's just too bad that they are messing up such a good restaurant with disorganized staff.Closer isn't always better ... rather had to the trip to university city landmark. Staff forgot many items wings took forever the 1st time to come out. 18dollar tip to be forgotten aboutThe service at this Landmark could be much better. There's a high turnover with employees and service could be faster.  Admittedly the food quality is pretty good and the prices aren't too much to complain about.Love this place. Very cool no frills hangout spot. Margaritas are AMAZING so are the wings, guacamole and chicken nachos 
Chill with friend or have a drink at the bar solo after work...awesome choiceWe went on a Tuesday which is obviously the best day to go, its .50 Cent wings and $3 dollar Blue Moons or a better bang for your buck is a $10 pitcher of Blue Moon. Service was quick waters were brought to the table right away and our order was taken. Wings were delicious garlic Parmesan was the favorite... Stayed for trivia we went with a big had a blast. Great night we will be back.Bartenders are so nice; however, they don't have so many choices of alcohol. And the price is a little bit high. It is near a college campus, so there are many college kids around.Ok so this is my second time writing a review about this spot.  But here we go..  So I show up at 6:30 pm on "Trivia night" which starts around 9pm I believe.  The hostess tells me there will be a 20-30 minute wait.  I go to sit at the bar but there are no seats at the time, but I do realize a there are plenty and I do mean plenty of empty seats available with "Reserved" signs on the table. I go back out to ask about the seats and she says they are reserved for the event... ummm what??!!!  It doesn't start for another 2.5 to 3 hours and you have basically the whole restaurant reserved .  I don't know who comes up with this type of judgment call but it truly does not make any sense at all..  You have plenty of empty seats and people waiting to eat and drink ???  Yes landmark management you have indeed dropped the ball yet again.  First your Sunday mess up with football now this..   Honestly if your establishment wasn't on a college campus you would truly be an empty building..  
Also stop changing your specials without notifying the customers $2 you call its used to include beer now it doesn't.   Change that up on your menu and website. It is not that hard to doI frequent the landmark most Wednesday nights after 10pm for there "Beer Pong" tournament. The winning team receives 100 dollars in cash. And the runner up gets a 100 dollar gift card to the landmark. There's always a nice crowd of college students and locals. The drink specials are really good too, and there buffalo wings are delicious!!. This is definitely a great spot to hit up with friends.This place was mediocre in all aspects.  The food was decent pub grub but dressed up fancy.  The prices were fair-priced for the college crowd that frequents there.  There is a dining area for the more mature crowd on one side.  Hi-tops and a large L-shaped bar for the revelers of a decent size. It got crowded pre-game and thinned out (Hawks game at Hagan Arena - walkable).  Good sport watching venue.  Service was consistent but not fabulous. 
I did have an issue - I switched to draft beer ($3) halfway through our visit.  I ended up getting a headache and feeling sick.  A hangover ensued but while I was still drinking.  I think this is due to the draft beer being too full of air - it has happened to me before.   I think it is the opposite of flat beer - likely, how it is poured.  I usually steer clear of draft beer but since it was a happy hour deal, I rolled with it.  I am not sure what the solution is or if I am the only one that experiences it but maybe there is a remedy.  Just a notation for you. 
I think the draw of this this place is its prime location as a drinking establishment for college students and not much more.  Expect to be underwhelmed a bit.I just got home from Landmark Americana and I must tell you I'm still perturbed.  Not just because of the food, but also from the lack of quality customer service.  My husband and I went there after church despite my better judgment.  In retrospect, if a place has only a 2.5 rating after 86 reviews, please listen).  
My husband got the garlic Parmesan chicken tenders (or boneless wings) and a bucket of old bay fries.  I ordered the Crab cake sandwich (at my server's recommendation).  It came with regular fries but I opted for the extra dollar upcharge and got the garlic Parmesan fries.  When I received the crab cake sandwich it was flavorless.  I wanted to send it back but my server NEVER came back to ask how my meal was going.  After having to flag down another server, she finally came to my table.  I voiced my disappointment with the crab cake sandwich and she said she would get the manager.
He came over and I explained my disappointment again with the food and also the server.  I told him I don't mind paying for the fries because I ate SOME of those but asked him to please take the sandwich off the bill.  He never addressed that the fact that the server did not come back to check on us in time for me to maybe get something else while the hubby was still eating.  
The Kitchen Manager did come out to ask about my concerns.  He explained he must follow the company's recipes that perhaps were better suited to the palate for a different clientele.  He apologized and suggested different options the next time I came in. I appreciated the gesture but I won't be back!
What REALLY gets me is that the manager only took $7.00 off my bill.  Which means I paid $6.99 for a side portion of fries.  6.99 will get you an entire bucket!!  But I guess that's my fault, right?
At other restaurants, the manager would have "comped" my whole meal!! Perhaps we don't warrant that level customer appreciation and respect for we residents of West Philadelphia!
Bottom line:  If you want good food and/or good service (except for the kitchen manager), GO ELSEWHERE!  I bet you guys there will be no response from management.  A successful organization will welcome even bad feedback.  That's the only way you can improve.  Maybe that's why the place had only 5 or 6 other patrons on a Sunday afternoonGood food for lunch or dinner. Tend to be slow on service, but they are usually very busy with all the SJU college kids. Reasonable prices, standard American fare...nothing sexy. Good place for a quick lunch meeting/date or to grab a drink after work.Very crowed and no one to take your order. All the waitress are walking around with their head cut off!!! My Husband had to go to the bar to place a order. And they act like they was so busy  they need a lot of help. And this was Our first time here. I might have to try on a different night or come in earlier. All the is doing is walking around not taking order. I just want Know where is the Manager!!!!!!! Everyone is still walking around not help or taking orders.This place tries to say Thursday's are "college nights" yet I got IDed twice and waited 20 minutes just for the waitress to come over. Then an extra 20 minutes for our first drinks. Terrible.The service was good. They offer happy hour specials. Try the Oak & Coke, it's great. If you're looking for traditional buffalo wings then get the hot wings. They're not very hot but traditional buffalo wings. All of the waitresses wear St. Joseph's Hawks paraphernalia at this location. It's conveniently located near St. Joseph's University next to the bookstore on 54th Street.I go to Landmark Multiple times a week since I am a student at SJU. I am out right bias for the place- absolutely love it! Very good food for reasonable prices. It has a nice craft beer selection but the drinks are somewhat overpriced. It has awesome deals everyday that works great under a college budget- definitely take advantage of it. I've had almost everything on the menu- the wings, soups, house salads, the fries, guacamole, burgers, finger foods, etc are good. Do not recommend getting the Chipotle Burrito its obvi nothing like the real one- do not waste the money or the calories.Food was not bad. Took FOREVER just to even get a BOTTLE of beer while seated at a table. But get the dessert bites for dessert!! OMG so good.Oh how I love this place. Much more calm than Market St. But I have had no complaints about any waiters I've had. Foods good, vibes good.I was very upset with the service of this establishment. I had a great experience with this franchise in the past. I attended a couple bridal showers and greek events with this franchise. The food was great and the service was impeccable. However this location was a bit different. I drove from Connecticut to attend a baby shower (approximately 4 hours).  My self, the parents to be, and a few friends arrived to the restaurant early to set up. To our surprise there were people in our reserved room. We proceeded to wait and inquired about our set up time. we were greeted (and I use the word loosely) by a gentle man that stated "There is nothing we can do. You will have to wait until the people are done eating".  Now the issue I had was that this reservation was booked a month in advance and there were 20+ people attending this event.  No one was willing to honor the reservation or provide us with different accommodations. We were treated in a disrespectful manner and received no help. We requested to speak to a manager. We spoke to two managers and both were unwilling to help even though they had our reservation scheduled for the same date and time.  We had to cancel the event due to the treatment of service. The mother to be was very upset and I never been more ferrous due to this type of treatment. I will never return to this establishment, especially this location.  I'm pretty sure other people had similar experiences with this location.  DO NOT BOOK EVENTS AT THIS LOCATION!!!!!!!!!Went here to watch the first NFL game of the season..
Not sure what I was expecting but it was better than I could have imagined. There was a big crowd but it was not overcrowded. Had a Good Mix of college age, yuppies, and middle aged football fans. The drink specials were -- well... 2$ "you call its" ... you really cant beat that! I had a great time and will def be back. Plus the garlic and parm fries were AMAZING.Located directly across from St. Joseph's College, this was a great place to take our niece and our family out to lunch after taking a campus tour.   The service was friendly and mostly good, although at some point our waiter was pulled to the other side of the restaurant and we were left hanging. We arrived early so I dont know what the service would be like when they actually had a crowd.   I had the pulled pork which was tasty, but I ordered the cajun fries which came out as plain fries.  Disappointed.  Everyone liked their burgers which was what 4 out of 6 of us had!Service sucks. Place is dirty. Never a good experience. Asked if they can put some NBA on because each screen had a stupid baseball game on. Bar tenders and waiters were terrible. Bad establishment.Great drinks and food. Cheesesteak rolls are delicious and my drink was strong and tasty. Good service but place is always busy. Parking can also sometimes be a problemOne of my hangouts in the city. Good food. Good atmosphere.  Nice staff.
The wings are great. The Sunny Burger is one of my favorite burgers around. The cheese steak egg rolls and the chicken quesadilla are my go tos. 
If you're looking for a nice bar setting with good food in a laid back spot, check this place out.I only come here if it's my absolute last resort. Food is disgusting and service is very slow and below average. I've ordered a burger before which wasn't that great. The chili was absolutely disgusting and way too sweet. The wings were ok.we were very surprised by the poor service rendered by a bartender named Erica. my family and I sat at the bar and she was very rude and at times ignored us while we were trying to order drinks. maybe she didn't think we were going to tip but that's unacceptable we are never coming back and we'll be sure to spread the word accordingly. that was a missed opportunity for continued patronage considering we have two children that attend Saint Joseph's UniversityMade the mistake of not bringing lunch in to work today, and I am paying the price.
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich as takeout. The service was great, actually. The person who took my order over the phone was friendly and polite. When I walked into the restaurant, the host station, dining room, and bar all looked clean. The person who rang up my order was again, friendly and polite. The food was ready when they said it would be, and the order was correct.
It's when I ate the food that the experience went downhill. The pulled pork sandwich is a grease bomb. The bun was soaked through with grease. The meat was soaked through with grease. There was much more--greasy--cheddar cheese than I would have expected. And the whole thing was inexcusably bland, tasting mostly of salt, onion, and, you guessed it, grease.
The portion was large and the sandwich could have served at least two people. I only ate enough to stop being hungry and threw the remainder away.
It is too bad. Even if all they had done was drain off more of the grease from the pork, or use less grease to cook it in the first place, this sandwich would have been much better. Such a simple fix!Is a very nice place & the people who worked there where very nice . I just wasn't crazy about their foood . I thought they would have a bigger selection & when I finally decided on what to get I wasn't to crazy about it .I've only been here once so far. I thought the food was good, pretty much what I would expect out of a sports bar. The one slightly disappointing thing was the slow service, but I would still come back. This place is A-OK!2 stars cause the foods great at any of the Landmark locations I've been to. The service, I wish I could give -5 stars cause the waitress was the absolute worst I've ever had. She completely forgets to put one of our meals in, she puts in the meal after us having to find her after she dropped off the initial food off and didn't notice one of us not having our food in front of us. She comes back and blames it on the kitchen cause our order was so large that they looked past it HAHA yea right she forgot to put it in(which I verified by seeing it last on the receipt) she walked past us multiple times with all of us having empty plates and drinks until we had to say we were done and wanted our check. She then dropped off the check and NEVER came back. We were 5 businessmen and she what....expected us to what just pay cash and go? 
The reason I have referred to this waitress as "she" the entire review is cause she never introduced herself or had any type of name tag. What a joke of a waitress, she should really take up a different field of work cause restaurants are obviously not her expertise.That wing night move is liiiittttt. On every Tuesday night landmark offers 50 cent wings. Wings aren't the greatest but they get the job done when they only cost 50 cents. Landmark nachos must be one of the best creations on this earth. Overpriced at $12, but totally worth it. The vibe of this restaurant also makes the experience great. However, if you attend more than once, you will hear the same early 2000's hip hop/pop songs over and over again.The service is always hit or miss. When there are specials on beer the service is almost always slow. The food is also hit or miss. Sometimes the burgers are good, sometimes not. Their management is a joke: they tell their employees to just show up whenever and they will tell them when they can leave. You are almost always better off going somewhere else.My husband made a reservation to utilize their private room a month ago for our baby shower on January 30,2016. Everything was confirmed to utilize this  room on Saturday.  Upon getting to the location at 4:45 on Saturday we noticed there was a family eating in the room we reserved. We inquired as to when we could get in the room and we were told soon by the hostess. At 5pm we noticed the family still being served and eating. My husband  began asking if the family would be moved due to our reservation. A tall, African American Male manager began to inform my husband just because he had a reservation did not mean he could use the room and the family would not be moved. My husband  informed the manager he had to honor the reservation and the manager said he didn't have to do anything. Another tall Caucasian manger came out and told my husband he was being aggressive. He then explained we would not be able to get into the room until after the family was finished. They refused to offer other accommodations or apologize. Yes they offered to seat us in the room once the family was done eating but they continued to be served food at 5pm when we were supposed to be in the room. Can you imagine how embarrassing it was for me to be standing there 9 months pregnant with no where for my guests as they arrived. We ended up having to cancel the shower. Please don't let Landmark do this to you. 
Sent from my iPhoneTried to screw my group over on the check not once but twice after we complained that they upcharged up. Will not be going back.I have been to this location a total of three times.  My first two experiences were satisfactory; however, my third experience was awful. The waitress was not attentive despite the restaurant being mostly empty. The server spilled the entire cup of blue cheese on my sundress. I received an apology and a napkin only.  The food was dry and tasteless.  I will not ever return to this location because the overall service and quality of food was poor at best.Love coming here any day of the week. 
Good servers and good food. Drink specials everyday.Went to grab some food late afternnon , around 1:30. Reception at front was lacking. The hostess was away from her station , which was cool. Busboy was slouched over counter , looking disinterested. He mumbled something about someone will be back. No greeting or eye contact. That needs to be addressed. We had the option for the bar seating or dining room, choose dining room since it was less noisy. Our waitress was pleasant. Took our order for appetizers. Then she promptly disappeared.  After 15 minutes, we had to ask another waitress to track her down. She finally showed up and asked if we needed anything. We mentioned our appetizers and she seemed to have forgotten aboutt them . 15 minutes later, we had our cheesesteak eggrolls and pretxel sticks. They were both delicious, which made up for the wait. I ordered teriyaki wings which were great ! My daughter had brisket and fries and my sister had the smokehouse burger . Both reviews were excellent. We finished up and once again, out waitress disappeared. I'm very patient, but we finally had to have another server hunt her down.  Once again, she was in the bar area. Took another 10 minutes after we had finished all of our meal to  catch up with her to ask for a doggie bag and the check. All in all the food is great ! But the wait staff is young amd inexperienced.  If time is of the essence  don"t stop here. Food is good, nut service is sloooow .I used to visit this place for happy hour every week. Drink specials are great. Atmosphere is chill. Food is ok, though the wings are delish. But I got tired of the dirty dish cloth smell that emanates throughout the place. It turns my stomach. I prefer the Landmark down University City.I'm sitting here right now upset because I've been here since 10:30pm and now it's 11:55pm and i have not been served yet. I'm starving and this is ridiculous...We had a good time celebrating our Sisterhood!! I made reservations and when I arrived we did not have to wait to be seated. Our waitress was nice and friendly!!! The manager was cool too!! Good food and good service!!! We will be back!!!Was dog sitting for the weekend and needed a good place to watch the Daytona 500 for a quick bite, break and beer.  BBB LOL.
It was just what I was looking for.  Nice bar, food and bartenderThe food here is good, but the service is not the greatest. They can be slow sometimes or forget part of your order. It is in a convenient location so Landmark is good to go to once in a whileGiven its vicinity to SJU, it's great for students! SJU finally has a close, walking-distance place to watch a sports game with friends, hand out with professors, and get cheap beer and wings, (50c wings on Tuesdays and Sundays, 2$ Blue Moons on Tuesdays, 2$ Coronas on Mondays, 2$ Yuenglings on Thursdays and Sundays, and also 3$ U-Call-Its on certain nights as well). (Note, these specials end at midnight). The place is open until 2am every night which is accommodating but be aware that this place has frequently been understaffed on some packed nights, (especially Tuesday nights which is QUIZZO night). And by the way, this place has a unique point-allocating-style for QUIZZO which is pretty cool and can give some teams who may not have all geniuses a chance at winning.Ok so I'm giving this place 2 stars Because this is the SECOND time I came here on a Sunday (which is $50 wings day) and they do NOT have any wings. Like WTF. It just does not make any sense. My mouth been watering for wings and for them to run out of wings at 5pm is very disappointing. It only happened to me twice but I'm sure they ran out of wings on $50 wings night more than that.  They need to get it together. Oh yea they ran out of bacon too. Because I was thinking about getting a bacon burger. Lol. But I'm really upset. So I'm going to the landmark on 34th street. Hopefully they have wings there.French dip had the saltiest au jus I've ever had but the mac n cheese was amazing. Tried my friends chicken fried chicken, it was great as well.Terrible service. This restaurant is located on a college campus so they treat the college students with horrible service. Every time I have gone the service sucks. Also they gave my vegetarian friend a real burger not the veggie burger she ordered! We had to ask another waitress to send out waitress over just to order our food. Foods not that bad but the service made the expereience tragic.This restaurant is in a college area, so its a social place the dinner is great, the breakfast is even great. Their mac and cheese is one of the top 5 in the city.After a long afternoon of moving we landed at Landmark. I was in a party of four and we all ordered burgers. My burger of course was burnt. After showing the waitress the burger, she quickly took it away and replaced it with a new burger and fries. At this time my party was done eating. I had to take the burger to go. I also had to pay for the burger! This should have comped. After paying and ready to leave we asked for a manager. He rectified the situation by reimbursing me for the burger and stating that should have been done in the beginning. Good customer service.The wings and sangria are to die for. The main street burger is really good too. This is a fun place to come eat and drink during big sports events like the NBA finals. The only thing I don't like about Landmark is that you can only split the check a maximum of two ways, so if you come with a large group you're out of luck. Also, the bar fills up pretty quickly so if you want to sit there, get there early.Went out to celebrate my bestie birthday, it was an ok evening. Didn't really care for our waitress she wasn't too friendly an was always in a rush. I ordered the shroom flatbread an the bread was a little too done. It had good flavor but was crispier then I thgt it would be. I also ordered the cheesesteak rolls an they had too much going on laying on a bed of ketchup an topped with some spicy chopped peppers along with being greasy. The drinks were good had the Americana an also the 5.00 fish bowls on Thursdays .. I will probably go back but the definitely need better menu items the food is so so..I've been going to Landmark with work colleagues almost every week since it opened. Tonight is the first time I felt compelled to write a review.  I arrived early for happy hour and sat at the bar. The bar was so dirty and sticky that I wondered how long it had been since it had been cleaned. The bartender saw me cleaning the bar with a Purell wipe, but still didn't take the hint. She was rude to me and the guest sitting near me. 
Service at Landmark has always been mediocre at best. I chalk this up to most of the staff being inexperienced college students and manage my expectations accordingly. Yet, tonight, it's particularly bad, and it isn't even that busy.OMG! A step away from horrible is the perfect way to describe my experience at this restaurant. Monday night, my boyfriend took me to get a quick bite to eat. We only went  to this place because Friday's was unusually crowded on a weeknight.   So we get there and seat ourselves as directed. We saw the waitress walk by SEVERAL times and we had to finally grab her to ask for menus and drinks- Strike 1. Then we ordered drinks and I got a margarita and he got lemonade. 10 minutes or so, we got our drinks and drunk them. Awhile later our waitress comes back and says Oh you need a refill, takes my boyfriend's glass and fills it with WATER!!! What an idiot!! She didnt even ask what was in his glass and she didnt even remember that she brought him lemonade a lil while ago- That was strike #2. Next we got our food and it was jus ok...I wanted a salmon salad, but they were out of salmon- Strike #3.... The service and my experience as a whole was jus meh.... Maybe I would try them again if Friday' was crowded.... But it definitely would not be my first choice :(I had a spinach salad and it was a pretty average salad. The raspberry dressing was pretty light on there which is good because you do not want saturated salad. The goat cheese, grapes and pecans were almost non existent in comparison to the amount of spinach on the plate a little balance might have helped bring more flavor to the dish.  I also had a cream of tomato soup and it was nothing special and something I could have made at home. This was not my first time here and I would not say it was a bad experience but for the price I may think of staying home.Creaky chairs...No host up front so anybody can walk in. This was my second time there in a year and nothing has changed. My food was warm and my burger was burnt! SAVE YOURSELF SOME TIME AND FRUSTRATION AND GO TO THE ONE NEAR DREXEL! You'll thank me!!!Forget their Happy Hour. They have neither the beer or Soco as advertised. And they offer no subsitution.  So get get ready to pay full price for any alternative you come up with.So my daughter and I went last night, loved the atmosphere wasn't overly crowded as I thought it would be being as though it's on a college campus. I ordered the Crispy Fish Tacos which I won't get again, the tacos were served with only guacamole on it, but according to the menu it should have been guacamole shredded cabbage and pico de gallo. Needless to say I had to send the waitress back for the rest of the items that were suppose to come with it. The Spanish Rice looked better then it tasted, the rice was hard. But on a positive note my daughter ordered the Maple Salmon which was delicious very fresh and flavorful. I will go back because its convenient and the drink prices are not that bad if you stick to the daily drink specials. The waitress was very nice and attentive.Worst service ever. We left after waiting about for over an hour for our wings. The manager came out and said he would adjust the bill but forget that...we just want to eat. After the server brought us our water, we never saw her again.So we get here about 1:15pm only to discover that the dining area is closed...don't know if that's normal, but whatever.  We're seated and have to wait about 5 minutes for the waitress to come over for a drink order...
For a bar that claims to have 24 craft beers, the selection really isn't that good.  I ordered a flight and it took almost 20 minutes to arrive at the table.  When the waitress finally came back over we ordered our food...hot pretzel appetizer, a bean burger for my wife, mild chicken tenders for my son, and I ordered a burger as well...with Old Bay fries.
Let me stick with the food for a moment.  In a word - delicious. The soft pretzel appetizer was really good - with both  cheese and  honey mustard dipping sauces, it was a nice way to start the meal and it worked well with the cold beers...
The main entrees were also great.  My burger, cheddar and bacon, was pretty much hit the nail on the head perfect and really hit the spot.  My wife and son also were high on their meals and had no issues.  The Old Bay fries?  YEP, they were spot on as well...crispy with a generous dusting of my favorite seasoning.  
My only real problem with the place was the service.  Slow to get to us, slow to get our drinks, slow to get the food to us, a waitress who had no clue at all about the beers on the menu, a bartender who took forever to get us our drinks.  It just wasn't good.  The place wasn't as bad as other reviews would have us believe, but with better service this could have been a much better meal.The food is just okay and the service is God awful!!!! Takes like 2 hours to get in and out and pay!!Landmark is good for catching up with friends or family and grabbing a quick meal and a cocktail or two. The prices are fair and the atmosphere is friendly.Came here with a friend after hearing this place as a great recommendation from her boyfriend. I ended up getting chicken quesadillas and red sangria. Honestly one of the best sangrias that I ever had, just sweet enough but nothing too overbearing. Also a nice and convenient location, only problem was that our waitress didn't take part of the order for my friend, but for a nice cheap and good drink or for happy hour, this is a great place to stop by!I visited landmark today with my friends at 6:30pm for the happy hour. We decided to sit outside, well worst decision. There were four waiters who ignored us all the time. I had to come inside and talk to the host who was not even helpful she was disrespectful and never gaves us a good reason for why nobody was there. Horrible service and experience at the end we decide to leave after one hour of waiting. Guess what we got during the happy hour?? 3 glasses of waterLet me first say that I have worked as a server so i am very open and understanding however this establishment has to change a couple of things. I live in New York and my boyfriend lives in Philly. I drove 2 hours to see him. We dressed up and wanted to go out to eat somewhere. Friends have recommended Landmark on 54th. We arrived at Landmark at 11:49pm, mind you they close at 2am. We was told that we could not sit in the restaurant to eat MIND YOU there was a lot of people eating. We was shown the bar. The bar was loud and has a lot of unsavory types. We left and tried Landmark on Market Street. No one cared when we walked in. Then we was told there was no place for us mind you we saw plenty of open tables. This restaurant does not care about the guest. They do not try to make things right. I had no idea that a restaurant would stop serving guests 2 and a half hours before they close. NO one cared about us. We ended up getting take out and my man told me to save the outfit and we can try to go out again. Perhaps things may be better on the weekday but after all of that, I don't know.I was so disappointed so if you go, beware that you are eating there because you want the food and no one will care about you.I won't return.  I came here on a Sunday night at 9:30 only to find that their 10:00PM Pub Menu had started at 9:00PM.  Why you might ask?  The waitress said that business had been so terrible, that the manager Germaine decided to go to the pub menu and close early.  The manager Germaine said that he had a kitchen staffer leave early.  Which is true?  Who knows.  The upshot was that we came for the regular menu.  The place was almost empty so I tend to believe the waitress.
The ambiance is very low on the food chain and they won't even seat you outside unless you pay ahead of time for the meal because so many of their regular customers do the dine and dash.  I didn't feel safe there last night and was sure they were going to tamper with my food.I was appalled at the lack of attention and service when we went there the other night the food was overcooked the service was horrible and one young lady's attitude so bad that I had to stop my wife from punching her in the face. the manager was responsive and attentive and basically comped our meal for our group but I will never go there again. I wish you luck in going thereWorst restaurant experience I have ever had. The customer service was absolutely atrocious. Our waitress was slow, never checked in on us, forgot people's drinks and couldn't even manage to split our table's check into 2 separate checks. After this mess, people's credit cards got charged incorrectly and one got charged twice with two different amounts. They were notified through their credit card txt alerts where the waitress was then addressed about the issue. The waitress lied and said she did not charge the card twice and then when showed the txt alerts admitted it and then voided the payment and dug the voided receipt out of the trash. I guess the waitress was never going to tell the customer that she charged her card twice and made a mistake. She was extremely unprofessional and I hope she enjoyed the automatic gratuity she gave herself because if I had an option I would have gave her $0 for being ignorant and not doing her job. The manager was then more concerned about his incompetent waitress than the customers who were obviously upset and offered to do nothing to make the situation better or even an apology. I will never patronize this business ever again and neither will my friends. If you make a mistake, you fix it. When you own a business it is about your customers, not your own selfish interests. Absolutely appalled by how people were treated here and shame on the manager for not making things right when he had the opportunity to do so.So far this place seems meh. Until I met with my waiter Ky! He explained the menu and made great recommendations for ordering. He was attentive to all of our needs and was great!!!! 5 stars for KY onlyNice experience for sports events. I had fish tacos that were average. However drinks were excellent ! The service was phenomenal! Great staffVery slow service. Inattentive and inexperienced servers and bartenders.My guess is you'd be hard-pressed to find someone who'd say too many bad things about Landmark, as it is the only thing even remotely approaching a real restaurant within walking distance from the SJU campus. I'm grateful to the place for rescuing me from the four horsemen of the culinary apocalypse otherwise known as Wendy's, Cosi's, 7-11, and the disgusting Larry's.
They have a decent beer list, although they have some strange ways of serving it. I ordered a pumpkin beer in the fall and had it served to me in a glass rimmed with cinnamon and sugar. Really? I gamely tried it but when the bartender asked me if I liked it, I couldn't lie. Turns out she didn't care for it either but her boss wanted her to serve the pumpkin beer that way. This strikes me as a really crappy way for (micro-)management to interact with its staff, and it results in an inferior experience for the customer.
Oh, and the last time I was there I ordered a Yuengling draft and it was completely flat! I sent it back and asked for a bottle, instead. That being said, the bartender rectified the problem quickly and without any hassle.
The food is just O.K., but in this area it's the best you can do. Their Asian salad is tasty but too garlicky, their Ahi Tuna salad is alright but doesn't come with enough greens and is therefore too small, and their veggie burger is a joke--a loose mess of brown rice served on a bun. Again, I ask: Really?
Their meat burgers taste good but are obscenely greasy. I will say that the kitchen cooks the burgers perfectly to temperature, in my experience.
Buffalo chicken strips are sort of good in a salty, artery-clogging way.
I've found the service to be decent but I tend not to go during the busiest times and about half the times I've gone I've just ordered takeout. You can call in your order and pick it up right at the host station, so that is convenient. I've eaten twice at the bar and the bartenders are friendly, attentive, and efficient. I only sat down in the dining room once to eat for lunch and I do recall that taking forever, and that the server also got two of our orders wrong.
I'd probably give this two stars if it were a different neighborhood, but two stars on Yelp translates to "Meh. I've experienced better," and I feel like that is not strictly-speaking true here because Landmark is easily the best place to eat when you are near the SJU campus. I'm factoring its convenient location into the star rating. Plus, it's not really that bad, it's just not great or even always especially competent. So three stars, it is.Young, married, African-American couple ecstatic about their bundle of joy, arrives 15 minutes ahead of their 5PM reservation on Saturday, January 30, 2016. Guests have already started to arrive for the shower. Landmark hostess says, "soon," when asked about when the room reserved for the baby shower will be ready. Couple notices that a Caucasian family is being served in said baby shower location. Pregnant wife is tired, confused, and concerned.
15 minutes later? It doesn't appear that the reserved room will be ready. More baby shower guests are arriving, and husband asks manager whether their room will be prepped, and the family who is eating in it, moved. Tall African-American male manager informs husband that, although the room was reserved for his baby shower, the other family will not be moved. Husband implores that this manager honor the baby shower reservation. Caucasian male manager then approaches, and accuses husband of becoming aggressive.
Really? Really, Landmark? Super pregnant wife and baby shower guests are annoyed and crowding into the waiting area. Manager tells Black husband that he's being aggressive, and reiterates that their reservation will NOT be honored. White family continues to eat in what is now dubbed "The Room Formerly Known As Baby Shower Reservation Site."
Coming from guests who have previously patronized Landmark for many a fraternity meeting, bridal shower, et cetera, this is UNACCEPTABLE. The couple  grabbed their guests, and immediately moved the shower to another location. Landmark Americana won't be getting another cent from us until this is resolved. And we have informed all of our friends and family in the area...spend your money elsewhere.We were a party of five who visited on a late afternoon on Sunday.  The restaurant was my busy and we were seated right away.  That was the best part of our visit to Landmark Tap and Grill.  Once seated, it was 25 minutes with no drink order taken and no menus.  Finally I got up and after five minutes found a waiter to take care of us.
I had the French dip sandwich.  There was more meat on the floor under our table than on the sandwich.  Their idea of the dipping sauce was soy sauce which made it almost inedible.  The Landmark Nachos were disgusting.  The salsa looked old and was not translucent.  The chicken on the Nachos was spongy and gross.  I wouldn't let anyone in our group eat them.  
There is no way I'll ever return here!Good music, food, and atmosphere. I've been to Landmark twice and it's been a nice experience. It's a unique place as it's a place to go to for any occasion and approriate for a wide range of ages from 21+. The waiters/waitresses are so friendly each time that I've been. 
I've ordered Landmark's wings and on my recent visit, I ordered the salmon blt. It's really good with fresh salmon, bacon, lettuce, tomato, and some wasabi sauce. It comes with a side of french fries. It's very good and it was at a reasonable price, $10.99. The menu is priced well with unique options. 
It's a good time to relax and listen to some good songs while enjoying a nice meal. If your in a mood, you can dance--it's not uncommon. 
On popular nights, parking can be hit or miss, so plan accordingly.I went to the Landmark Americana in Bala Cynwyd for lunch with some colleagues on a Friday afternoon. We were seated immediately in the main dining area. I ordered the Southwest Burger (medium) and opted for sweet potato fries instead of French fries. The burger was cooked perfectly and was delicious! The sweet potato fries were great as well. The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly. 
The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it took forever to get our food and quite a while to get the check as well. We got there just after noon and there was only a couple of other tables seated in the restaurant so they can't claim they were busy. 
Overall, I enjoyed Landmark Americana and will probably return. Next time, I will make sure our server knows we're in a hurry!The atmosphere is mellow, but it can be over crowded at times. The food is good depending on what night you go. The drinks could be a bit stronger, they seemed to be lacking in power! The garlic fries and cheese steak egg rolls are never a disappointment.Happened to head over to Landmark and will say for the first time at this location I was pleasantly surprised. Not that I expected the worst but I had heard negative reviews for this particular location. 
Four of us headed here last night after a family event to just hang and enjoy some libations. When we entered we were greeted pleasantly and asked for a table or the bar area. We at that time opted to be seated at one of the high top tables in the bar area, thus changed our minds as there were seats that opened up and had ask to relocate which was absolutely cool as the waiter moved us without attitude or delay. As we sat at the bar our bartender / barmaid was truly amazing and on point. Kate/ Katelin made sure we wanted for nothing along with her professionalism and witty humor that kept us laughing and entertained the whole time. We only were going to stay for a few but ended up having appetizers as well because she made us feel so welcomed. We ordered the Cajun fries and the honey barbecue wings which the other 3 in our party enjoyed very much. 
Kate continued to make sure we wanted for nothing during our visit. Other members of the landmark staff we also very attentive. The fire alarm kept going off during our visit but it was bearable thanks to Kate. We even were given a complimentary house drink the trash can which was excellent to the top off the night. I do not in anyway promote the drinking of alcoholic beverages but if you are in the area and just want to have a taste or even some good eats,  by all means check them out as they are a bar and grill with divided regular seating for those who would enjoy the quieter part of the restaurant. 
Thanks so much for a great evening and most importantly to Kate ! Keep her forever landmark ! I Look forward to our next visit especially since she  also informed us of her schedule. If there are employees of the month we nominate Kate hands down !Landmark on SJ campus is cool.. Do not go during football games if you are a football fan if the DJ is there. They go from the game to music during commercial breaks which sometimes can show a play review. Also the sound system for the game sucks greatly..  
Also do not. I repeat do not get Tiffany as your waitress!!!!
Horrible horrible service from her.  She seems like she could give a damn about being there and we had to get her attention and send other wait staff to go get her.. Terrible work ethic..
But the happier part is Jessica who is behind the bar is great.. We normally sit at the bar and we have had Jessica twice and she is very attentive to her customers.  
We will sit at the bar from now on because that staff is great..  
But if we need a table..  Will make sure Tiffany is not our waitress..   I would rather starve.What a great dinner we had after St. Joe's Advanced Degree graduation.  
A big thank you to Keith Cesare, General Manager, for all of your assistance.  I contacted Keith about a month before graduation to reserve a table for 15 and "high tops" near the bar for 15, as we were multiple families and multi-generational.  His response was immediate - not problem.  We didn't need a deposit, nor did we need to order from a fixed menu. PERFECT.
The hostess and wait-staff were FANTASTIC.  The graduation ended earlier than anticipated, and we arrived an hour early.  The staff was extremely efficient, attentive and accommodating.  The menu was extensive and varied and so every dietary requirement could be satistied.  We totally enjoyed our dinners AND our left-overs!
Thanks to Keith's attention and the customer focused staff, we all had a great timeIf you're headed to to landmark,  please see the server Nick. Absolutely phenomenal service. Very pleasant. It's been years since I've received service remotely close. Thank you again Nick!!