I've happily ordered from this place two days in a row! Yesterday I had some finger licking duck and honey roasted pork that was out of this world! Today I had sweet n sour chicken, my gf had the general tso chicken and fried cheese wontons. The sweet and sour and the wontons are easily some of the best I've ever had. Hopefully this place keeps the same energy and doesn't change things up because this place is a sure fire winner! I haven't raved about a place in Chinatown in quite a while. They're a hidden gem and I'm excited to sample the rest of their menuGreat new place.  Dirt cheap and CLEAN (Helps that its new).  Great WonTon Noodle soup for $7 and their duck is plump, fat, and juicy.We were looking for somewhere new to eat in Chinatown, and we definitely did!! It is a hidden gem. The food is fresh, tasty and there is a wide selection. Will definitely be going back!!Great traditional Cantonese noodle house.  Roast duck and wonton are very good.  Excellent Shanghai steamed dumplings.HOW IS THIS PLACE NOT CONSTANTLY PACKED?!
Seriously. The fact that there was even a single solitary table at this place is one of the great crimes of our age. 
I got wontons in chili oil, which is always a solid choice, and these didn't disappoint. The chili oil had a nice kick, but wasn't overpowering. 
I also got the roast pork and veg rice platter, and it was better than I could have hoped. 
This place is a great hidden gem that I'll be eager to get back to!Requested a meat and string bean in garlic sauce for $12-$13. Accompanied 6 little bits of hamburger. I have heard beneficial things from companions however, so perhaps a fluke.Awesome restaurant very nice service and food. Would recommend going probably one of the best in chinatownGot here late on a Sunday night, but they were kind enough to let us dine.  Glad they did as we really enjoyed the dinner.  
Soup dumplings- excellent and came with a sauce we really enjoyed.  My Taiwanese wife gave them a 9 and she's tough.  
Peking Duck - followed folks recommending it here and glad we did.  Like the pancakes instead of the buns.  Duck was excellent with crispy skin. 
Triple Delight - nice mix of seafood and an array of vegetables.  No sweetness like waitress mentioned.  
Definitely one of the better Chinatown establishments.  Will come back!Very good service and great food.
I had Beef Stew on Rice with Green Veggies. The beef is delicious . The beef cubes are on the smaller in size compared to other places, but same amount of beef. Also the beef stew here is on the sweeter side.
The service is great and quick.
P/S: the chili oil here is actually bit hotter than other places. It is good for me. It is also crispy and packed with flavors. Still not very hot as I like though.Went here for mid-week lunch with work colleagues. It was a solid 3 stars. Our table ordered various noodle soups and and a beef chow fun. The chow fun was pretty good. Noodles were cooked well and everything was flavorful. The duck was not as well flavored as some of the other duck places in C town. The soup broth was kind of bland. Service was pretty quick. There are probably 25-30 seats and the restaurant is on the small side. I think they may prepare whole roasted pig, too. There was one staring at us from a neighboring table during our meal (Chinese new year time). It was okay, but with so many choices in the neighborhood, don't know that we'll be venturing back anytime soon.Excellent Chinese spot with great customer service!  The food is hot, fresh and delicious and so fast!  Bustling restaurant but still attentive and kind.  Get wrekd for $20 like we did!I went to try this place out since it was new in China Town. The food is phenomenal! The portions were also huge, I couldn't even finish my noodles. The watercress dumplings were great, and all the food came out in a timely manner. The workers were very kind, and helpful. On top of all that, the food is very affordable, it is a great spot to grab a quick bite!The staff is friendly and the food is good. That's is all I have to say. Any place that can make good duck has my heart.We checked this place out bc if the great yelp reviews and it didn't disappoint. The food was delicious and perfectly seasoned. We ordered the soup buns as an appetizer, shrimp pad Thai, Singapore noodles, and walnut shrimp with cream sauce. The food was brought out as soon as they were cooked and slightly out of order; soup buns came out last. Everything was steaming hot. Each dish was very good and in big portions. The atmosphere could use some work though, lighting was harsh white overhead lights making it look cheap. Overall,  good experience. Pleasantly surprised and happy to have another yummy place in Chinatown.Had their Singapore Noodles and it's the best I have had (tried about 8 different restaurants)Excellent food, fast service. Prices were on point. The duck was exactly how I remembered it tasting in Hong Kong! Will definitely be back!This is my first time trying Peking duck after seeing it everywhere around Chinatown. The ducks skin was crispy and flavorful. The meat was juicy and tasty. There was a special for the Peking duck, half a duck for only $15! I also tried other dishes, including the sour cabbage flounder fillet, sautéed water spinach with garlic, and ginger scallion lobster. The fish was very good and not too spicy, perfect for someone who doesn't take spicy very well. I'm sure they could adjust how spicy it is too! The water spinach was also very flavorful. The lobster was very juicy and it was presented just as well as it tasted. Last but not least, we ordered Osmanthus jelly after for dessert. Finally the service was great, the waiters checked on us and provided everything I needed(for the kids). This was overall a very delicious experience and I am definitely coming back!Excellent food, helpful and friendly staff, nice and tidy.
We had steamed dumplings, crispy shrimp roll, pork lo mein and roast pig on rice.  We didn't think we could finish it all, but we managed. Some of the best Cantonese food I've ever had.
Looking forward to returning soon.Big, tasty, well made portions with friendly service. The one thing that I appreciate most from them is the fact that they are not skimpy on the protein--always a strong portion in every platter. The people are quick and attentive here.  The restaurant itself is clean and well-maintained. I've never had a bad experience coming here. This place is definitely better than most restaurants of its kind in Chinatown
Best soup/noodle: spicy beef ramenReally solid, all around great. Everything wanted just done better than the rest. Really like the wontons in chili and the house special fried rice. Can't really go wrong with a place as well rounded as this.Get the duck roll- its roasted duck and scallions in hoisin sauce. NOT deep fried! Also I got the best vegetable lo mein...the crispiest chicken wings...and the lightest noodle soup one could imagine. This spot is a real treat.Came on a whim and so glad we did! The food was AMAZING!!! We ordered their Peking duck, shrimp dumpling soup, seafood pan fried noodles, lobster, and orange chicken. We were so very pleasantly surprised at how delicious every single dish was. There was a well balanced of flavor and freshness that I haven't come across in my OWN hometown. Their Peking duck was sooo good...skin was crispy and meat was tender...and their shrimp dumpling soup had the perfect texture and thinness in the wrapping and good proportional yummy meat filling...that I had to order seconds! We also decided to order their roast duck to-go...5 orders of them!!! Will put this on our list of restaurants to return to when we're in Philly. 
Btw, the restaurant was clean, bathroom was clean, very well lit with no foul smell like some of the other restaurants. The folks who worked there were all so polite and friendly as well as knowledgeable.  They answered every questions we had about the various dishes and can speak in both English and Cantonese. They also take credit cards and is a kid-friendly place. Highly recommend going here!!!My girlfriend and I were looking to buy half a duck and thought about going to our usual sang kee for duck. I noticed Lau kee with huge grand opening sign.  I thought hey why not try a different place. I came in and was immediately greeted. They offered menus and asked if I was going to dine in or takeout. I told them I just wanted half a duck to go. The duck was pretty cheap, only $10 for half a duck. They quickly chopped it up and sent me on my way. The duck was honestly like sang kee, probably same supplier. Gotta come back for the rest of the menu soon!We saw the grand opening sign and decided to try it out today with bringing some soy sauce chicken, barbecued pork and vegetable fried rice home.  They were pretty fast on getting our order together.  The soy sauce chicken was succulent and a nice blend of spices.  The barbecued pork was sweet but tasted overly of soy sauce.  The vegetable fried rice was standard, nothing special about it.The food is good and the staff are super nice and helpful. The environment is also good and clean. We ordered spicy fish. It was yummy.This restaurant has been open for about a year. We typically go to M kee or Ting Wong, so we were excited to try a new place. Overall great value for the food.  We ordered several dishes, and overall the food was good.  The chinese style spaghetti (in soup) was probably the best dish. The fried noodle dishes were pretty typical, but I found the rice noodles (ho fun) to be not as smooth as it could be. The wontons in the wonton noodle soup were also not as good as others that we've had. 
Good food, solid delivery. Didn't have the wow factor I would have expected given the other reviews.Got general tso chicken and it was just okay. Roommate ordered sesame chicken and it was delicious. Would order again, just not the general tso.Worth for money, the shrimp in blackbean sauce was really good. The delivery was also right on time.This is THE BEST place to get Chinese food. Everything was perfect, if you want greasy and overly sweet dishes then please do not order from here. Everything I ordered was so perfect, this is actually what I dream about Chinese takeout tasting!Was in Philly for a concert and stumbled across this gem. The small restaurant can seat maybe 25. The menu is expansive and has some traditional and American-Chinese staples. The service was good, food came out quick. Portions were a good size. 
My only complaint about this place was the price and limited dinner options for 2. There wasn't a cost effective way for us to get more than one item each. they had a 2 person dinner combo but the pre-fix wasn't really what we wanted. Had they given a few options for the items on that dinner we would have been able to try more for a reasonable price. 
I look forward to going back to try more the next time I'm in Philly.Ordered the Salt & Pepper Spare Ribs and Beef Chow Fun for takeout. Good portions, but wasn't super impressed. Salt and Pepper Spare Ribs were good but the Chow Fun was pretty oily and tasteless.Great service and great food. Highly recommended for any take out or dine in! The place looks like a family business and looks very well kept. Everyone was so friendly and accommodating. Best wishes!I'm a bit of a Cantonese bbq snob, and one of my favorite dishes is soy sauce chicken with pork bbq and roast duck. This place absolutely hits the spot. 
The chicken is moist and the roast duck is juicy. It's very very authentic Cantonese bbq. The prices are also super reasonable.Just had dinner at Lau Kee. The food is always very tasty. We had some pan fried dumplings, house fried rice, sauteed veggie with garlic & half roasted peking duck. We used to go to Shangkee in Chinatown all the time for peking duck, but we have found Lau Kee & we've been here 2x. Would recommend this restaurant.Was in town for work and felt hungover & sick, a horrible combination...so I was craving congee and stumbled upon this spot on Caviar. Ordered fish fillet congee and wontons in chili oil and was not disappointed!! Congee came with a you tiao which was pleasant and also had lots of fish and ginger bits in it. Cured me!!!This is a great example of Hong Kong (HK) food,the style is very authentic ASK FOR SWEET & SOUR SOUP/USE THE RED HK-STYLE vinegar on the top of the soup along with the light gray-black HK pepper (No that's NOT the salt), stir & ENJOY and the duck and the pork hanging in the window is to die for! Better than Peking duck in Beijing (NO JOKE). 
You can try the authentic bamboo shoots and pork, and noodle soup with duck (or, swine) is the perfect hangover cure! Prices are very reasonable service is blistering fast and you'll be the only foreigner/NON Hongkongese person in HERE---& they speak primarily Cantonese FYI NOT Madarin....TOP TIP: REQUEST they use LESS SALT/Less GREASE prior to ordering, Chinese American restaurants try to kill our food w/ salt & fat which is completely different in HK where the primarily OMIT the aforementioned & let the food & flavors stand on their own!
"Please use LESS salt & fat for my order PLEASE, thank you!" THEN you'll see why this fast, simple, homestyle HK fast food duck restaurant gets 5 STARS !!! DISCLAIMER the duck fat & salt is the BOMBdotCOM!Was pretty impressed with the quality of food here and the price! I would say the Peking duck is better than at Sang Lee's and hits the spot if you're craving it.
We also had the chili wontons, eggplant and chicken in garlic sauce dish, and the creamy walnut shrimp dish. Everything tasted good and was reasonably priced. Will throw this place into my round of Chinatown rotations for sure.I'm obsessed with this place. Great prices, no crowds + very attentive and sweet staff. The roast duck is delicious not to mention other classics like beef chow fun + fried rice. Not too oily either. My friends have also spoke highly of their wonton noodle soup as well. This joint looks family owned so you can get to appreciate the investment they put into this place.Delicious. Ordered the Lo mein and sesame chicken and was pleasantly surprised. Took a minute to deliver but otherwise we took down 4 dishes with four people.Peking duck roll, honestly one of the best things I have ever tasted. I'm ordering a bunch of them for the super bowl. Come here to try this suck rollThis is a good option if you frequently go to Ting Wong in Chinatown and figure that you should try this place instead if Ting Wong is crowded.  The restaurant is very small.  
The  beef chow fun is good, but still not as good as other restaurants in Chinatown.  The wonton noodle soup is not great and lacking in flavor.  The roast duck had a lot of oil on it but was decent.  The roast pork was not as crispy as I expect it to be.  
Overall, a decent restaurant but would probably only go here as a second or third option if other places are too crowded.Excellent food and service!! Will be back! We enjoyed honey roast pork, wonton soup, crispy spring roll, sesame chicken, and my personal fav, house special fried rice. All delicious!This place is relatively new but is a hidden gem!! Think nearby m kee on crack. Their dishes over rice are extremely well made and ginormous. It's a shame people don't really know about this spot yet, and hopefully this glowing review doesn't crowd the space!
10/10 new go to spot in Chinatown.I was on a mission to find crispy roast pork tonight. I visited 2-3 other places in the area and each place was either closed or sold out of their crispy roast pork. I was surprised since it was only 6:30pm. My final yelp search led me to Lau Kee and they pulled through. They got my order ready in like 2 minutes and I quickly went home to devour the whole thing. 
Food was simple, but oh so delicious. The greens and the sauce drizzled on top of it was absolutely comforting. I ate every last piece of pork and rice because it was just that good. I liked how the pork wasn't overly fatty like some places. Pork had a pretty healthy balance of meat and fat. All in all, a great place to grab takeout. I also think they accept credit cards if you order $10+. With everything going on this year, let's do our part in keeping small mom and pop shops like this alive.I have been a duck lover for many years -- I never pass it up when it's on a menu. We were in Philadelphia for a long weekend (April 2019) and luckily found the Lau Kee Restaurant at 934 Race Street. They have an extensive menu, but we wanted to try their Peking Duck. 
We had recently stayed in Beijing for a month and ate Peking Duck four  times during our visit. Without a doubt, Lau Kee Restaurant served us the best duck we've ever eaten. The skin was very crispy, the meat was lean, and the gentleman who carved it was skilled beyond compare. In all the years that I've eaten Peking Duck, this was the first time that I was ever served additional meat underneath the slices with the skin on it! And, we ate every bite of it.
We ordered a side dish of baby bok choy with hoisin sauce that was also excellent. The only suggestion would be to perhaps offer a smaller version of it because they only sell it as an entree ($12). 
Thanks for the best meal we had in PHL!The best roast duck I ever had in Philadelphia a couple month ago. I hope they can open another one here in harrisburg so I don't have to worry about all the hussle to get there!I don't know where folks got "excellent service and food" but with one waitress it took forever to get our order, plus don't think anyone even checked up on us the entire meal. Kind of just here's your stuff and here's your check. But besides the lackluster service, the food is key. The duck was all right but the menu is enormous. Not sure why or how this place sells everything from scallion pancakes and soup dumpling to duck, roast pork, chicken beef to Thai food and Japanese ramen. Would explain the lack of guidance in their food. I'm no food expert but I ordered a Beef Chow Fun and expected some beef. Instead we got 2 pounds of beans sprouts on top of super greasy noodles with a few pieces of beef. Also the green onions were still raw. Also, got the duck and roast pork combo platter. The duck meat was decent but the plate was just full of rice, not proportional. Plus lack of sauce just made it taste like eating a giant bowl of rice. Lastly, why are the floors super slippery? Almost fell.
Probably not coming back again, eating in most of Chinatown Cantonese places would much rather go to M.Kee or Ting Wong. Might not be the cleanest but at least you know their food is good.After trying all these duck places in Chinatown, I finally found my favorite restaurant for Cantonese noodle soup! 
First of all, the service is better than most Chinese restaurants. Secondly, I've been to this place quite a few times so far, it's always nice and clean. And the food - much better than restaurants like TingWong or SangKee! The meat is more flavorful and the broth is less salty but tasty. I highly recommend their noodle soup and lunch special. 
This is not a place for date or group of friends hangout, but more suitable for casual dining and a quite bite. I'm a repeat customer.I had rock bottom expectations for the place when we first walked in and it smelled like cigarette smoke. 
We ordered half a duck since it was $15 for a promotion and also an order of beef noodle soup. 
Both dishes exceeded expectation. The duck especially. The skin was nice and crispy to contrast to juicy and tender duck meat. Thinly sliced green onions give the wrap a nice crunch and bite. 
Beef noodle soup was pretty standard. Fun fact: I meant to order the spicy beef ramen but said beef noodle soup by accident. Oh well no regrets I'll just go back and order the spicy beef
Ramen next time. Can't wait!Truly fantastic Roast Duck. The spices are incredible and make this place standout from the rest. My twelve-year-old tells me he could drink the sauce if he could. Staff is incredibly friendly as well.First time having Lau Kee for lunch the other day. I ordered the Scallion pancake and Shrimp dumpling noodles. Fast food and reasonable price. My noodles were good and got big shrimps in my dumpling. However, the scallion pancake was okay.. I would avoid that. It was oily and not flaky.Unless I'm at a high end Chinese restaurant, I pretty much get the same thing every time. The menu is huge, which is typical, and I'm just too indecisive. Unfortunately, this means my experience could be totally different from someone else's so take my review with a grain of salt. 
I got the Shrimp Spring Roll, General Tso's Chicken, Chicken and String Beans, and Shrimp Lo Mein. All delicious, and this is my go-to Chinese joint from now on.It was 8:30 and sang kee was closed, so we decided to try another place for peking duck. We got the whole peking duck for takeout. Give it was late, I shouldn't have that high expectations - it tasted like it was sitting for a bit but it satisfied the craving, the flavor was good, it didnt have bones (good or bad - personal preference). Would it have been earlier, maybe it would've been better.
Food is 4 stars but we paid for the whole duck and it looks like they forgot to give us the other half of the duck based on other review photos. We didnt realize till we got home, so $ down the drain and 3 stars it is.I went to this restaurant based on reviews that I had read. I ordered two Peking duck rolls and a bowl of duck pork soup. The rolls were tasty, though oily. The soup was loaded with meat and vegetables but the broth was to the bland side. What turned me off was the cleanliness. I saw the man who was chopping the duck periodically putting pieces in his mouth and using the same hand to handle the duck.I'm just surprised for the good reviews for this place. Somebody recommended this place to me so I gave it a try (one is enough). I ordered a half duck for takeout, it was just tasteless/not enough seasoning and it was not fresh.Very good Cantonese house on Race Street near 9th, with front of the house glassed in roasting kitchen and regular food preparation room in back for the rest of the menu. Our server advised that the chef was Fuzhounese. Regardless of his beginnings, he knew his way around a South Chinese chopchop. 
The dining room was small, even by Ctown standards. Maybe 7 tables altogether. The food list was extensive, and we settled on Hong Kong Wonton Vegetable Soup (very good), Salt & Pepper Spare Ribs (excellent) and Beef Chow Fun (excellent). All dishes were substantial and we had plenty more than the two of us could handle, and a large amount to take home. On top of that, before leaving we picked up a pound of sliced roast pork because it looked so good hanging in the window. It was delicious and we worked through it for the next week. It was lean with thin layer of fat under the crispy brown dermis. 
Lau Kee reminded of Ting Wong, a worthy place for a solid meal across the traditional food groups of Cantonese cuisine, with a comfort level that was inviting to regular visits for families or octogenarians on a date. Prices quite reasonable, too.So so delicious. Ordered takeout last night and it looked good in pictures but even exceeded my expectations. The chicken and eggplant in garlic sauce had a little kick to it and the chicken fried rice was soooo delicious I couldn't stop eating it. Plus it was ready in 15 mins!! Can't beat it.Really good food, and the dishes that are over rice are about $8 each.  The portion sizes are decent and the food tastes really good.  This place is probably a bit more expensive than other places in Chinatown, but their quality is pretty consistent and it's really easy to order.  Their bbq roast pork is pretty tasty, but it's often very salty because they put the sauce into the pork instead of on the side.Great food, great portions, great prices. The food was so authentic I was so happy to eat my favorite dishes. If you like cantonese food, then this place is a great place for even just a bowl of porridge because they know what they're doing!! Highly recommend. Their service was also great, our waitress continuously made sure we had enough tea on our table, which you know is super important. 
The restaurant itself is a little small, so in the future i'll probably come grab take out since their prepare the dishes so fast too.It's my new go to Chinese place.  Had delivery several times and always very good.  Made with real food.  They don't skimp.My family and I ordered takeout duck recently and enjoyed it very much, so we decided to come here for a casual meal last night. We ordered several entrees to share. Below is my review of each dish: 
Shrimp Dumpling Soup - The shrimp dumplings are prepared Hong Kong style in a thin yellow wrapper. This is my absolute favorite way of making/consuming shrimp dumplings. The broth wasn't too bad either, it wasn't too salty and there was a peppery aftertaste. 
1/2 Peking Duck - The restaurant was running a special - $15.00 for half a Peking duck. The duck skin was crispy, flavorful, and the duck itself was lean. I really enjoyed this. They do duck very well here!
Seafood Pan Fried Noodles - This was a "miss." There was too much imitation crab and there was no flavor to the sauce for the noodles. 
Triple Delight - This was a dish combo of salt baked squid, shrimp, and scallops. The batter was light and crunchy, and has a bit of a sweet aftertaste. 
Sauteed Snow Pea Leaves w/ Garlic - The snow pea leaves were incredibly tender and sauteed well. 
Pig Stomach stir fried hot pepper style - When we eat out at any Chinese restaurant, the one thing we immediately look for in taste is what is known as "Wok Hei." It's that distinct aroma and taste that you only get from a well-heated wok with the combination of ingredients/sauces. My father was once a restaurateur and really enjoyed this dish, because he says this dish is notoriously difficult to make at home. 
Short ribs with black pepper sauce - This was served on a regular plate, not on the sizzling hot skillets that I'm used to seeing at other restaurants. The meat a bit tough to chew, and the sauce was on the saltier side. 
Even though the short ribs and the pan fried noodles were a miss, the service was attentive (especially for Chinatown), and the other dishes were flavorful. Definitely come here for the duck!Absolutely delicious! We've been on a long term hunt for delicious Chinese and tonight was our first order from Lau Kee. The sesame chicken, house special fried rice, and Singapore noodles were all amazing. When we can we order again??Great food :). Always fresh,l. Good proportions are also filling for the price. Definitely worth the visit.I just wanted to say that I travel around the United States with my job and I have to say that WOW!!! Exactly what I was hoping for with my Chicken Pad Thai was so delicious and the staff were so polite and humble that I would give them a 10 across the board but 5 was all I could do and I highly recommend it!!! Thank you Lau Kee for your excellent service!!!!!The Peking Duck is the best I've had in CC and and special shout out to the Super delicious Beef scallion pancake. Reminded me of the San Gabriel valley just outside of LA. Will be back. It's small. Don't go at prime time or be prepared to wait.Ordered vegetable lo mein and asked for a few shrimp thrown in. Also ordered a vegetable spring roll. About $14 total. Very happy with this meal. Basic, uncomplicated lo mein done right. Not too salty, not too greasy, but nicely flavorful. There must have been 10 to 12 shrimp, more than I expected. I think they had been lightly breaded and fried too - a nice way to do it. Plenty of food for the price. Also, friendly and quick service. 
After a couple days of work on the road, I needed comfort food and satisfaction. 100% I can kick back and rest now! I'll come back when I'm here again.Solid traditional Chinese take-out joint. When the ducks are hanging in the shop windows, I tend to spring for the Peking duck. It was definitely worth it. Deliciously crispy on the exterior with savory meat inside. It comes with onions and wraps along with a BBQ sauce for dipping. In addition to that my vegetarian wife ordered the veggie fried rice (pretty standard), scallion pancakes (delicious with the soy dip), and cheese wontons (also vegetarian friendly). This place is definitely on my core rotation in Chinatown.Since Lau Kee temporarily closed during COVID, we've been impatiently waiting for it to reopen. As of last Wednesday, this place has finally reopened its doors for business and we cannot be happier! 
Lau Kee is our favorite restaurant in Chinatown, it has all your Cantonese food essentials -- roast pork, roast duck, congee, wonton soup noodle, and other delicious main dishes. 
Some of our faves are their thousand year egg and pork congee, roasted duck/roasted pork rice platters, wontons in chili oil, salt and pepper spare ribs, Peking spare ribs, beef chow fun. But seriously, everything here is fresh and delicious. You really can't go wrong with Lau Kee. No matter what you can find something here that will suit whatever mood you are in.Hands down my favorite Cantonese restaurant in Chinatown! They make the best Canto food in town. Reminds me of the Chinese food I get when I'm back in San Francisco. They also make the BEST crispy pig I have ever eaten (only downside is that they sell out of it very frequently). It's what keeps me coming back. Their crispy pig always have the perfect fat to meat ratio. Unlike other places, you wont ever find a soggy piece of skin on it. Their roast pork is also spot on. Perfect amount of fat and sweetness. I frequent this place a lot and I have never been disappointed with their food.Provisional 5 stars (only ate here once...today...).
Was planning to go to Ting Wong with someone and didn't quite make it there (that's another favorite in Chinatown). Pretty similar menu here to Ting Wong but has more Americanized Chinese dishes. Small place even by Chinatown standards, having about 6-7 tables. Service is pretty friendly by Chinatown standards too.
Had the following items at our table: Small Wonton Soup (pork only inside), house special fried rice (chicken, egg, pork, and shrimp), half a Peking Duck, and soy sauce chicken appetizer size (1/4 chicken). Everything was excellent, other than the soy sauce chicken (which was merely pretty good; prefer Ting Wong's by a decent bit).
But in any case, perhaps the best fried rice I have had in my life with everything cooked really well and the rice being nice and dry. Wonton soup had a slight spiciness to the broth and a pretty good tasting broth (pretty light in feel). Peking Duck was outstanding and more or less among the best I have had. Included some fat for texture, but mostly not fatty tasting.Solid hole in the wall place with lightning fast service and delicious for dirt cheap. This place's specialty is Peking Duck but there are loads of options like any Chinese restaurant. I ordered the noodle soup with duck and vegetables which was terrific except for the fact that the pieces of duck I got were mostly bone and had relatively little meat.
Overall definitely recommend this place especially if you're staying close by. It's currently take-out only which is not a problem because they had my dish ready in a couple minutes despite me not calling ahead. Would definitely go back here again and maybe get a different duck dish.Sometimes the Yelp gods giveth and sometimes times taketh! This times the gods' giveth! 
In Philly visiting my daughter for Father's Day, when here, I always try to get in at least one Asian, preferably Chinese, restaurant. Searching for a different place that has Peking Duck as a specialty, without the wait lines we experienced the last time we went to SKPDH, I read about Lau Kee and decided to take a chance - some highly starred restaurants recently have been disappointments. Not so with Lau Kee, the good reviews were accurate. Not a large restaurant, there are about 8-9 tables of various seating capacity, that probably would seat 26 or so diners. In the front window there were hanging roasted ducks, which reminded me of my visits to NYC's Chinatown in my college days.
Even though it was Father's Day, we got there at an off hour and were immediately seated, staff was friendly and attentive. Started off with wontons in hot chili oil ($7 for 10 wontons in a mildly spicy chili oil - your tongue will not fall off), daughter (and me!) got her Peking Duck fix with a 1/2 duck for, currently, $15.00 as a temporary special - regularly $19.95. Duck came out perfectly sliced, separating the crisp flavorful skin from the duck meat, with no chopped or crushed bones to bite on. Pancakes were solid and did not easily tear and the plum sauce was tasty. Daughter was happy! Also ordered roast pork on rice with steamed green vegetables (bok choy) - a bargain at $7.00 - Yes 7! About 12 slices of barbecue pork that also went well with, or without, plum sauce. 
Service remained pleasant, quick, and efficient throughout the meal.
We will be back, though I think daughter before me, as I head back home to a place that Chinese cooking forgot - or never discovered i.e., Southern Maryland. There are many other dishes at Lau Kee that await me.This is my go to place for comfort food on a gloomy day. I've tried different items but the plain congee, roast pork with rice and veggies and beef chow fun is always a must.Fantastic neighborhood gem. Reasonable prices and excellent food. Staff is super nice. Nothing fancy, but worth coming.Roast Duck Congee：我点的是烧鸭叉烧饭，分量特别足，而且还会有青菜，白灼的芥蓝也很好吃，特别嫩，也非常新鲜。
皮蛋豆腐：皮蛋豆腐就是正常调味，但是上面加了肉松，主要还是麻油能引出豆腐和皮蛋的香味，再加一点生抽酱油，非常不错。Best canto cuisine in Philly. I usually don't write reviews but I love this place too much to not give it 5 stars. My go tos are the garlic chicken and the crispy pig.Solid, tasty, & fresh Chinese food.  So far I've had the wonton soup, sesame chicken, shrimp lo mein and pork fried rice.  The wonton soup was really good.  The broth was flavorful and had two types of noodles.  There were long ramen type noodles,  but the star were the fresh wontons.  I'm not sure if it was a mix of pork and shrimp in them, but they were good enough to eat on their own.  Fresh noodle and the filling was so good!  the broth had a lot of bok choy as well and was definitely enough for a meal of its own, maybe even two.  The pork fried rice was fresh and full of flavor.  Sometimes fried rice kind of has the old oil flavor but not here. I'd definitely recommend it.  Shrimp lomein had a ton of noodles and the shrimp were large and good quality.  The sauce was light, but still good flavor.  The sesame chicken sauce tastes good and it's white meat chicken.  The only negative is that it wasn't crispy, but I'd still get it again.  I got take out since it's covid, but I look forward to dining in in the future.Finally, a roast duck place that doesn't just give you all skin and bones. I ordered half a roast duck recently and the order actually had plenty of meaty pieces and not overly fatty. The flavor was on par with other good roast duck restaurants in Chinatown. Even better, it was only $12! I'll definitely come back to try other items on the menu.Janine makes the best fckin Peking duck. I came in at night for take out not knowing this place. Janine introduced herself and I told her I wanted some Peking duck rolls. I ordered 3 and she gave me a 4th for free. They were the best ones I've ever had and not even to mention the best price and how big they were. Janine is the goat. Stay perfect JanineOhhhhh myyyy. What a pleasant surprise. My girlfriend absolutely loves salt and pepper shrimp so I searched and found that Lau Kee Restaurant had the dish. I called and placed our lunch order , it was ready at the time promised and it smelled like I was in for a real treat. My girlfriend was so excited she didn't want to make any stops, she was ready to EAT. The portions were generous and the dish was delicious. My only criticism would be I was expecting a spicy dish but nonetheless the dish was amazing. I also ordered the house fried rice for my husband , that too was pretty amazing . I can say with absolute certainty I will be back ... and I'll be sure to take photos the next time