Wonderful BYOB serving Eastern European food. Great food and service. Relaxing atmosphere. Ate inside as the outside patio was closed for a private party but the patio took me back in time to the many outdoor cafe's I've visited overseas! Looking forward to eating outside on our next visit.Amazing! We went there with family and they were extremely accommodating and wonderful.  The food is beautifully prepared.  We did wait quite awhile for our dishes but they seemed quite busy.  Even the bathrooms are special!I've now been here twice and both times it has been a wonderful dining experience. My family knows the owner, so maybe my opinion is a little biased of the quality of service, but as I looked around the restaurant it seemed to be that way at each table. My little brother is gluten free and they are always more than willing to make anything on the menu gluten free. The prices are also insanely reasonable. 
Because I wasn't really familiar with the the items on the menu, I asked a ton of questions. They were really helpful in explaining everything and helping us make our choices. Everything we ordered we shared, which is probably my favorite part about this restaurant. 
What we ordered: Escargot, potatoes with mushrooms, meat crepe, cheese varaneki, sea bass shish kabob, chicken shish kabob.
Favorites: potatoes with mushrooms. meat crepe, chicken shish kabob. This doesnt mean the other selections weren't great, its just that I would never go back without ordering these specifically. 
They also added a beautiful gazebo type section for outdoor seating.They have truly stepped up the experience here. Formerly, I was highly dissatisfied with the speed and quality of the service. I had the pleasure of dining here recently and was immensely impressed.  My favorite part of any restaurant is, of course, the food.  It was delicious. I tried something new,  the lava burger, which was outstanding despite it being  a touch overcooked. Terrific flavor. Our group ordered several appetizers and salads. I enthusiastically endorse the zucchini pancakes with caviar (red) garnish. I am typically a zucchini hater, but no more. Another stand out - the khachipuri (cheese pie for the uninitiated). Wonderful blend of cheeses compliment each other masterfully. A gem and a delight, perfectly prepared.
But yes, the service is much improved. We had a party of about 10 and we all received our many appetizers, drinks, and entrees very quickly and well prepared. I was floored. We had a few young children with us who were also well accommodated. I think there might be a larger and/or better trained wait staff. Looking forward to my next visit.We tried Ukrainian borch and perogies. I am Ukrainian and it doesn't taste good at all. Food is not a good quality. Very expensive. I donot recommend at all.Horrible place served me frozen fish and rotten cheese food took over an hour I decided we were Gona leave the owner came and yelled at me like it was my fault she obviously has no idea how to run a restaurant she kicked us out,  out of anger oh well at least we did not have to pay for the nasty food.I've been to this place twice and each time it's the same problem....SERVICE! It's not like this place was busy either time I was there. The waitress and waiters simply are too busy either a.) socializing with each other and b.) staring off into space. 
The food is mediocre at best. Both times I've been here I went not exactly by choice, this place was chosen for social gatherings by friends or family.  I tried a number of different appetizers and the last dish I order was the sea-bass. It was just ok, well cooked but had a very heavy sauce called "Dijon mustard sauce" which to me tasted like mustard mixed with heavy cream. My husband ordered a bison burger which had very little meat and a huge bun. He claims it was terrible. 
Going back to the service issue: My party had a two hour meal! Two hours, and it wasn't because we just got caught up in conversation, it was because our waitress took forever! Dessert and coffee was ordered and of course dessert was brought 15 minutes before the coffee. I don't think I would ever go here by choice. There food simply isn't worth it.I has been there many times. I like the place and interior, food is very nice, I love terramisu there, they bake it there. OMG it so  delicious. But servers need to be more professional.So I have been there with just one more person and the food was prettt good. Just that experience I would have gave this place a 4 star. But I went there last night with 7 people and I was let down, sadly. Everything was dry and service was super slow. The place was nice and clean and staff were nice though.Lovely newer Russian/European restaurant in NE Philly. Enjoyed dinner with friends when they first opened but not nearly as much as we enjoyed their Lunch Specials since they added their beautiful outdoor dining area. The lunch menu had a considerable amount of soups, salads and entrees to choose from. The Mushroom Crepes & Grilled Vegetable Salad were delicious. Try the Lava Cake. The service and presentation were exceptional.Very good food but it came out cold. Almost like it was pre made and heated up. Service was good. Horrible club music.Stopped in to grab something to eat !
Not bad over all . But feels very short stuffed
So had to get up and ask to keep bringing different stuff including waterWe had a blast here last night. The outside seating made me forget I was on a busy street. 
I'm so glad a friend of mine recommended this place, and that we went before reading some of the reviews on Yelp that were negative. Our experience was really great. As of 2 years ago, it's been under new ownership.
 I'm always looking for unique and interesting, however my husband prefers safe, due to dietary restrictions. This really fit the bill, plus it's a BYOB.
  The food was very good. My husband ordered a surf and turf for $27.00,that he said was pretty good. I got a Chilean Sea Bass in mustard sauce that was delicious. 
 The guitar music was just perfect. They had a blanket at every table, which will be a great touch as it gets cooler. We will definitely return here!Beautiful atmosphere. Loved the outdoor seating. Loved the floral arrangements throughout the restaurant. So pretty. Great music, guitar was perfect background music without being too loud. Food was very good. Shrimp avacado was nice. Desserts and cappuccino excellent. Waitress very friendly. Will be back!I never been in a such a bad restaurant in my life,and I been in a lot.
We ordered first courses and main ,the waitress brought half from the first..and after 45 minutes waiting I tried to find our waitress,I went to find her and ask to talk with the manager who looked like a car wash worker...
I told him we waiting 45 minutes and he started to bullshit me with stupid answers,Instead to say i am sorry or something...
told them I want to pay the bill for what we ate.
Don't go there,horrible service,bad management.
They have no right to exist as restaurant.it was my 3rd visit to Lava Restaurant. Beyond disappointed!  Reserved private room for a big family gathering, when we got there I was told that they made a mistake & there is another party there. I was understanding. Food is really good, but it came in awful timing, meaning: when one person was done their dinner, someone else just received their appetizer. We ordered appetizers first, 30min later we all ordered dinner. The only positive thing I can say, outstanding service! Unfortunately I won't recommend this restaurant, huge disappointment!!Not bad,  glad i tried it food very delicious very nice setup food come out nice plate makes u wanna eat the plate too little expensive but you get what you pay for. Service is poor dont know if because im not russian but they do treat you like outsider.The flavor of the food was great, it's just a shame that none of it was hot and the service was so slow.
We were literally the only people in the restaurant on a Monday night, but it took ages to get our waitress when we needed anything (eg we asked for more bread when she was bringing out our mains and it took her 20 mins to come back with it)
Most of the food was cold when it came out, as was the coffee, but we couldn't even send it back to be heated because our waitress was nowhere to be found after she dropped off our plates.
She also started clearing plates, took our dessert order, and brought out dessert plates while two members of our party were still eating their mains.
I would rather try one of the other places in the area than give Lava another try.We came here for a wedding rehearsal dinner. I love the ambiance and the lighting in there. I never even knew this place existed and so close to home. All the food, including a simple salad was absolutely delicious. The salad was seasoned well, the apps were warm and so good, and the chicken schnitzel we had as an entree was to die for. As we were eating, I told my husband we need to make a trip back here for a date for sure. It is also a BYOB venue. The only downside is the service seemed very slow but on the plus side we never felt rushed to leave! So if your looking for good food and a great social hang out, this place is perfect for just that.One of my favorite restaurants! Tonight was my second time eating here.  We had a very nice waitress.  Although service is a bit slow and the food takes a while to come out, it's well worth the wait.  The Greek salad and escargot is great, and you can't go wrong with any of the shish kebabs.  My family always orders a bunch of appetizers for the table along with shish Kebabs for the table.  That way we try a little bit of everything.  For dessert we were brought out a slice of their famous "Lava cake" which was on the house because the waitress spilled someone's drink outside... It was a very nice gesture of her even though it wasn't that big of a deal.  It's good that they show that they care about their customers.  At least the waitress that we had.  Overall, great experience like that last time and I can't wait to come back!Tonight was my first time dining at Lava, I came with a few friends for a little girls night/catch up. I pass this place every single day going to work and always say to myself "I should really try it out", well I'm glad we finally went tonight! After reading a few reviews I thought best to make reservations ahead of time being that it was a saturday, though when we arrived there was definitely plenty of tables available. We sat inside the really nicely decorated inside part of the restaurant, it actually looks like it could pass for an upper scale night club (I wish!). It's BYOB, which is great and we were immediately offered wine glasses and for our bottles to be opened. Between the three of us girls we had ordered a Greek chicken salad, mushroom crepes, meat crepes, and cheese vareniki (which are similar to peirogies). We couldn't say a bad thing about the food, everything was delicious and well portioned (even a bit big, especially for the price)! For dessert the three of us split the tiramisu and vanilla lava cake. Again, both cakes were so delicious and a perfect end of the meal.
Something we noticed while we were there was that while we had 2 bottles of wine to split between 3 people, that was miniscule to the amount of alcohol the other tables around us had and were drinking. This place definitely seems like the type of byob restaurant that people (or at least locals) like to make a full night of, by ordering small dishes here and there between doing round after round of shots. This may be the reason that the service was a little slow, because they like to leave time for their customers to enjoy their drinks. My girls and I were there for about 2 1/2 hours, and we still ended up leaving before some of the tables that were there before we were. 
I've only been home for about 30 minutes and have already texted about 3 people telling them about Lava and how we need to go together. Though for next time I'm definitely going to bring a couple bottles and plan on making it an Uber ride kind of night home. As well as go on a day when there is great outside weather, the outdoor section looked gorgeous, I'm bummed the weather tonight was rainy. Can't wait to go back!My friend told me she did not like this place and as a result I never tried it. Today while looking for something to order I came across the same old pizza paces that delivered. On a rainy Sunday I was to lazy to leave the house and decided to give Lava a chance. Just wow!!! The food is absolutely delish (and I mean really good) and the delivery was much faster then then expected - I live around 15 minutes away, delivery took 40 min. Not bad at all. I have no idea what my friend spoke about but believe me, I will be changing her mind. A+So I was contacted by someone from this place accusing me of working for one of their competitors, which I don't, accusing me of fabricating/lying in my review, which I'm not, and threatened to get a lawyer and possibly sue me. Which they are more than welcome to try. My original review is true and an honest account of the experience I had there. It is protected as Free Speech under the First Amendment of the Constitution, which is backed up by a lot of case law. This is sad bullying retaliation tactic and a poor choice by the restaurant.I had lunch with my mother, we wanted to try something different. The food was so tasty, not the everyday menu. The presentation was so impressive it felt like an upscale dining experience with great company, my momNever again... The service is horrendous. The food was not that good, and my plov had big chunks of fat, and tiny bones in the tiny pieces of meat. The food took over an HOUR to come out. Even though it was only for 6 people, the entrees came out at separate times, the waitress didn't seem to want to be there, and was not accommodating. The only part I liked was the way it was decorated.Nice place. Especially for Northeast Philly (drastically lacks good non-franchise eateries with a little class). Didn't really try any traditional Russian Entrees. Tried a portobello salad and a veggie wrap which were pretty good and cooked clean. Service was painfully slow and a smile didn't exist in that place. Can't complain about the prices either.It's a cozy restaurant in the burbs for Eastern European dish. The outside dining setting is chic and the place is BYOB!!! We had our Christmas dinner with about 15 co-workers here last year and it was a lot of fun. They gave us the menu and pricing a head of time (for some reason, I've heard other people had a difficult time when requesting this price list). If you're not familiar with the dish, you can just ask the waiter and they'll gladly explain more to you. Tip: must try their Lava Cake for dessert!What a mess. From start to finish this whole meal was a bad experience. 
Too summarize - long waits, ran out of several items and found what appeared to be a hair in one of the samsa*.
We came here on Saturday night and were sat in the private room area because all their small tables in the main area were full. So the three of us were sat at a table for six in the private room area... because the empty large tables in the main room were somehow different... whatever.
Ok so anyway first and foremost. They need to fix their damn menu. There are numerous mistakes that have been smudged with white out and we were informed ( as well as the table next to us) that one item was a duplicate mis-print. Alrighty, but we also found other spelling & grammatical errors so at this point just swallow the cost and reprint the menu but for the love of anything holy PROOF READ before paying someone to print & laminate the thing. With all that said the menu is all over the place. They are trying to hard to compete with all the other Eastern European restaurants in the area. They have put bits of this and that from all over on the menu. I am familiar with 99% of what they are offering and let me say this now, every other place is executing these items better. We ordered the lamb shish kabobs. I really think a blind person could have butchered the meat better. Pieces were gristle & fatty. Now all the other places around here serving shish kabobs know to cut cubes of leaner meat & place chunks of fat in between the cubes on the skewer. Also most other places season the meat at least a little. Their prices point for the skewers are much higher than most nearby places. So you are getting over charged for inferior product. We also ordered the rabbit dish. It was supposed to be baked and in a white sauce. It was cooked to death. The poor thing was dried out and sitting in a broken sad sauce that was mostly just greasy. They plated the side fried potatoes on the same plate so ones that weren't half raw were robbed of any chance of being crispy by drowning in the same terrible sauce. We also ordered the mamaliga and it was made incorrectly. It was a lukewarm gloppy mess. The wrong kind of corn meal was used and the consistency was 100% wrong. It is served with sour cream of which we received a table spoon amount. This is not near enough so we asked for more. We were told they were out. Really? You are out of sour cream? It was 8pm on a Saturday night and you are in walking distance of 3 super markets. Many more dishes require sour cream and this is most likely why the sauce on the rabbit was not right. We were also told earlier that they were out of bread. On a Saturday night when the restaurant was not full to capacity. Our other hot appetizers were all of the same ilk, meaning they were close in concept to being the correct thing but execution was wrong.  Now for what made me stop eating my meal and want to leave. We ordered two samsa. I had taken a few bites of mine when one of my dining companions cut in half her's. It had a long white hair baked into the dough. We flagged down the waitress and sent it back to the kitchen. She apologized and ran away. She came back in a few minutes with more apologies offering dessert as compensation. I wanted none of it and wanted to just get the check and leave but was out voted. I being thoroughly disgusted at this point refused to eat the desserts but was told they were the best part of the meal. 
Now to explain the * at the beginning of the review. The waitress when she brought the check gave the explanation that it was not in fact a human hair in the samsa but it was a piece of twine from the sack of flour. I find this a dubious explanation but felt it was only fair to list what they claimed to be culprit. Take it for what you will. 
This place being such a disappointment is really a shame because it is so close to my home and has lovely outdoor seating but because the food was poor I won't bother coming back in good weather.We came here for my birthday with a group of 18 people. My wife made reservation for a private room, the whole atmosphere was really warm and welcoming. The decor was incredible, the food fantastic: Russian - European cuisine. Menu has a variety of appetizers, salads, fish and shish-kebab. My favorite Zucchini pancake topped with sour cream and red caviar.
Our waiters were helpful and service was exceptional. Overall we had an enjoyable experience and would recommend going to Cafe Lava.Celebrated a birthday there last night (Friday). They only had one piece of Chilean Sea Bass left.  The stuffed Basa, well, they were out of the seafood for the stuffing.  So, the Basa was ordered without the stuffing but covered in cheese?   Cheese on the fish?  They really like cheese here.  Not sure if the price was adjusted for not having the seafood stuffing.  My escargot were fair.  Again very cheesy.  I would have liked to see them in their shell in a garlic/oil sauce .  Server was pleasant but new and not very knowledgable.  Service is consistanly slow and we were never offered a second cup of coffee.  Birthday acknowledgements...none.  I have been here several times for lunch which I really think is their stronger suit.  I was disappointed on my birthday for almost $100 for three of us.  The quality just wasn't there and you tire of hearing they are out of things.  I think they should invite me back on the house.  It may be the only way I give them another chance.Russian, Central Asian, and Eastern European restaurants abound in the far northeast of Philadelphia.  One of these establishments is Cafe Lava which actually tries to be all of the above and even more.  Perhaps they are attempting to appeal to too many people with food from too many cuisines. Dining here can be a mixed experience but I'll tell you my tale about a recent meal here and let you be the judge.
I arrived about 15 minutes before my friend but unfortunately during that time was never offered water or asked if I wanted to have anything while I was waiting.  When we did get around to ordering, it was frustrating as many dishes on their menu were not available.  Hungarian chicken paprikash is not a complex dish but was not available I was told when I ordered it.  The Tatar chebureki and Uzbek samsa appetizers also were not available when we ordered them.  Hey this is not good for a restaurant.  Then came some good news.  They had the Azerbaijani kutabi appetizer and when it arrived on a wooden serving board - it was delicious.  Also the bread served was excellent.  From here it was back to mediocre for the main courses.  The Georgian chicken tabaka was an okay Cornish hen but not exceptional in spicing or in substance.  The Transylvanian sarmale (stuffed cabbages) were decent enough although slightly mushy from either being cooked a little too long or being microwaved.  The accompanying Romanian mamaliga (think polenta) was very bland and lacking in the usual spicing and even creaminess that I like. Service got better as the meal went along.  Other people also filtered into the dining room as we ate adding life to the place.
So there is my report on Cafe Lava. I think they could def improve the dining experience here but even so, there are some interesting dishes on its wide-ranging menu and it may well be worth your visit.Probably worst experience in north east Philadelphia. Unprofessional kitchen ruined my family dinner. Almost all was awful. Hard and cold kebab, burned panini, lowest quality caviar. Impossibly unpleasant cake. Cheese dumplings without cheese. And their pizza was so bad taste that has been donated to red lion bum (hope he is still alive). Real conFUSION.Love it, service is great, food is so delicious, decor is beautiful, outdoors is amazing!!!First time I was there, the outdoor seating was great. This time indoor seating AND service was VERY POOR. After the hostess seated my party of 7, the waitress came over and told us we have to move to a smaller table. A table that was too small, and uncomfortable for my party. The place was not busy, so I don't know why they did that. I felt embarrassed in front of my guests and uncomfortable walking across the restaurant as we stood there and waited for her to reset the table. 
Also there were many small children running around the place, making noise and disrupting our meal. It was bad. They were playing tag around my table, and hide and go seek in the curtains. Neither a staff nor a parent reprimanded them. I will not return.The "Mici" are very good! You feel the est european atmosphere. Good music, good service, truly recommend!The food is not bad but waiters and service is horrific - every time I was here for a party or dinner it was a mess . It's unfortunateWhat a wonderful find I recently moved to the area and am so delighted that there is a breakfast cafeGreat food, second time dinning, love the atmosphere. Highly recommend their chicken or lamb kabobs & Lava cake for desert was delicious!Pretty disappointed in my lunch experience here. The waitress was very nice and helpful with recommendations and I ordered a steak salad. I was the only one in the restaurant when I ordered and it was awhile before another table arrived. It still took over 35 minutes to get this salad (the only thing I ordered) so I had to pay and take it back to work to eat most of it there since I had to get back. The steak was okay, a little fatty and overdone as I asked for it medium. The rest of the vegetables looked great but tasted like they were cooked on a grill that had been started with lighter fluid. They were inedible, only the steak and arugula. Wanted to like this place because I kept passing by but don't think I will try again.Where do I start... Ambience is great - lovely decor and quiet music. The menu is carefully selected to represent Russian and the better of the European cuisine. I am writing this review after my third visit - just to make sure that most of the menu items, the service and everything about this restaurant is consistent... Well, it is, and it gets better every time we go there - lunch or dinner.
We have tried a variety of salads (all of them very good!), a variety of appetizers and many entrees. I loved the Vostochny Salad and highly recommend it - a perfect concoction of grilled eggplant, tomatoes, peppers and spices infused in garlic oil and topped with cilantro (i order this every time I go).
You can't go wrong with the appetizers either - from fried calamari to mamalyga - they are all delicious. This is the place where I should note that obviously the restaurant stays on the healthy side - the corn meal was especially marked "non GMO". Coupled with the fact that ALL food is made fresh on the premises after you order - they won my business with my first glimpse at the menu...
Entrees... - Not only beautiful to look at - every single piece we put in our mouths was beyond delicious. We tried the Bass Filet, The Seafood Crepes, The Mushroom Crepes, The Sauteed Scallops (don't remember what else)... Choose away - they are all belly joy! ;)
For desert - I indulged in their Signature Lava cake until I couldn't hold any more.
Presentation of the food deserves a whole separate review. Our first visit was on Valentines day and I assumed the festive dishes that we enjoyed were a part of the festive love celebration day... No... Every single time we eat there, every single dish we  had was as if ready for a magazine photo shoot... I enjoyed looking at them as much as I enjoyed eating.
Last but not least - the staff - Very pleasant, efficient and dedicated to making your experience pleasurable. At least that's what I've experienced so far... Smiles is all we got!
Oh, and one more thing (last I promise) - we TOTALLY enjoyed the music. Nice, relaxing medley of European artists from all over the place. My son, who is 10 and listens to techno, said, "Mom, this music is really nice, I feel so relaxed, I could even eat my soup!".
And no, I do not work for this place... But I visit it quite often! It is that good!This place is really hit or miss. On a good day, the food is amazing and the service is good. On an unfortunate day, service is unexplainably slow and even though you ordered ahead of time, you come in to find out several menu items are unavailable. However, the restaurant is always clean and welcoming. Do your due diligence by calling to order at least appetizers ahead of time.This was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever had. 
My husband and I went on a Friday night and the restaurant was pretty empty. Service is SO poor. We waited twenty or so minutes for someone to even acknowledge us and offer us water. Our waitress then disappeared for another twenty minutes and continued to disappear for periods of time for the rest of the time we were there which was over two hours!
We ordered the calamari for an appetizer and it wasn't edible. It was literally rubber. We pretty much knew right there that our meals were going to be awful, and they were. I ordered the seafood crepe and my husband got the stew. I definitely don't recommend either. 
Thank God for the BYO because thats the only thing that made our night slightly enjoyable.The food here is great but the  service is absolutely horrible. Very very very slow. Place wasn't busy, a few scattered tables filled with couples or 4 people  and one party. Finished eating for 30 minutes before the check arrived, which we had to ask for. Bill was $39 and we paid with a gift certificate of $50. Took 15 minutes before we asked for the change and were told that we had to spend $50 worth of food and not give any money back. I understand with not giving money back but we did ask for the balance back on a gift card which we were told they cannot do. This is when we asked for the manager. At this point our patience was out the door, we were a little stern with the manager who asked us not to "yell" at her ( i guess talking and being a little frustrated is considered yelling!) Explained that they  can't  give us money back and we said it's not what we want! Manager said the waitress misunderstood us. Total joke. The only time we have ever taken back a tip and we have had  bad experiences but this was just awful. My opinion, do takeout there!I'm always looking to try new Russian restaurants in Northeast Philly. It is always nice to have somewhere to go with my grandparents for a weekend lunch without being rushed. We had heard good things about Cafe Lava and decided to give it a try, mostly for the Chicken Kiev which we had all been craving for months. 
We started off with a few salad appetizers, and the Lava Salad was especially good. Next came some potato vareniki, chebureki and kutabi, which were all nice, but could have used some more seasoning. The khachapuri were not what I expected - they really could have used more cheese! The chicken kiev had nice, thick breading and was flavored with dill inside. The stars of the show really were the chicken kebabs. The juiciest, most tender, and best marinated chicken that I have had in a long time. I would definitely order this again.
The prices are reasonable and the service was friendly and accomodating to my family. They did not rush us (it was pretty slow at the time anyway) and we were able to have a relaxing meal and take our time.Everything I said in my first review is the truth , I was not the one yelling she was . that is not how you treat a customer. Was I upset of course I was it was my dads bday and we got served rotten food and were yelled at , but how could I scare or make customers feel unsafe if we were the only customers there? After I wrote the first review the owner or someone claiming to be the owner threatened me on fb and actually called my job and threatened to show up at my job if I do not take down the post!!! Lol it's all good I have no intention I'm coming back there but it's my right to write about my experience the point that I was threatened for this is just unnecessary.Love the outdoor seating; airy, designed well and secluded with very nice decor and background music. The management even set up a projection TV for the big soccer game.
The Zucchini pancakes, Russian dumplings done Moscow style, and the seafood crepes were all very good. The service was just right, attentive and helpful without being intrusive or pushy. Also love the fact they grow a lot of their herbs and veggies on site!!I'm torn on how to write this review because, admittedly, I do not understand the culture and it would be ignorant of me to apply American standards to a place such as this...but my girlfriend who is Eastern European shared my feelings, so here we go...
Atmosphere - Great. We sat outside and it was very pleasant. I would love to have something like that in my backyard.
Food - Appetizer was great, entree was decent but very dry (Chicken Kiev). Due to our abysmal service (see the next part) we got free dessert. I am not a dessert person at all, but it was incredibly good!
Service - Awful. At first I just assumed that like many other cultures, the meal was more of an experience and that waiting was just part of the night. However after our server took our order, we saw him once over the next hour when he apologized for the food taking so long. (We watched multiple other tables sit down, order, get their food, and eat.) He dropped our food off and we didn't see him for another 30 minutes. We had to ask the bus boy to go find our server so we could get the check. It took another 10 minutes for him to show up at which point we asked to see the manager.
Management - The manager dismissed our concerns and just repeated that they were very busy. We pointed out that "busy" is a poor excuse considering that other tables got their food in a timely manner and had attentive severs who stopped by more than 4 times in 2 hours.
Another (much more pleasant) employee came over and apologized and offered us the dessert, which again, was very good.
I'm thankful for the evening out with my girlfriend, but I don't think I'd come back unless I knew I'd be getting better service.
Step it up, Cafe Lava.Friends brought us here to celebrate a special occasion.  We were in the back room because of a music group performing in the front. 
I ordered lamb chops. O M Goodness!!! They were out of this world!!! In the center of the plate was a heaping helping of homemade mashed potatoes. The service was great and I can't wait to go back   My friend had the Bronzino and it was beautiful. Highly recommendLavaI went here for a family celebration recently since its summer it was a warm day but I think it was hotter then it was outside in the restaurant and was a miserable and dissatisfying dinner. 
They did just about everything cheaply and wrong. They gave you one glass - even if you were having wine and it being surface of the sun hot in there I wanted to both dull my sense and drink some water (which was not even cold). I did ask them to turn up the AC to which absolutely nothing happened. 
The heat was the worst part but the food was a C- at best. You can tell they get the cheapest possible ingredients and then put them in the dumbest "euro" style plates they can find. The "tiger shrimp" were the froze store brand tiny pink shrimp from who-knows-where. The caviar that comes with the crepes could be counted on one hand and smelled like it had been sitting around for a while but could have just been the sheer heat of the room cooking them. Entrees were the same - mediocre, poor quality. 
I will not be going to this restaurant again, and they should take notice of their service, quality and atmosphere.My group of friends went in on a Sunday afternoon. it was relatively empty so we were seated quickly and our food at was served in a reasonable amount of time. The food was great, server was nice, and I have no complaints about my entire experience. Will be back!Everything looked great and delicious but then we got our food and it was bland the best thing there was the potato friesCafe Lava has a expansive menu of European cusine.  You can find themed dishes from Italy to Greece and everything in between.  Service was very good and the waitress was very attentive.  The decor and atmosphere is very nice and has an upscale nightclub feel to it.  Best part-this restaurant is byob with no corkage fee.If you are unfamiliar with the history of the building, what is now Lava used to be Gardner's Garage (automotive) for many years.  After Gardner's closed, it became a fruits and veggies store until they moved further up Bustleton Avenue where the old Wawa used to be.  Needless to say, the owners of Lava invested a lot of money into this business.  Now, onto the review:
Ten of us were here for lunch on 10/2 and everyone enjoyed themselves.   For those who do not know, Lava offers an amazing lunch deal for $10 which includes salad, soup, and entree.  We dined inside and the dining room was empty, until a party of 3 walked in a bit later.  In addition, they added an outdoor dining area directly behind the restaurant.  
It will be interesting to see which business(es) - if any - will suffer as the neighborhood has other restaurants literally feet from Lava's door.The service can be very slow at busy times. There is something about their lattes that kept me coming back. I really like the comfortable, warm environment and decor.My friend wanted to try this place and I figured why not. We went with a modest group of 4 and I made sure to look over their site before going over. Let me kick this review off by saying: DO NOT just walk in on the weekends. You NEED to make a reservation.
Everything started off with a very painfully awkward tense atmosphere when we walked in. No one smiled. They asked if we had a reservation and we didn't. When I explained we just were trying the place for the first time and didn't know we needed one, the hostess made it seem like it was a great struggle to find us a table. One table out of the whole dining room was being used. That's it. I explained I didn't see any mention about needing a reservation on their website, and the hostess' response? "Well now you know for next time."
We sat down, with wine glasses at each plate and they had no diet soda. We wondered for a moment if this was truly 'casual dining' as they had claimed on their site and on the front of their menu. We only stayed because of our waitress. Our waitress was delightful, pleasant and incredibly patient and kind. Had we been greeted by HER at the front instead, we wouldn't have felt so awkward. Now, this place had been incredibly fancy up to this point and what comes on as music? Rap. I couldn't fight back my laughter as I sat there listening to 'Today's Hits' surrounded by wine glasses. 
The food was good. The presentations are remarkable. The best moment was the dessert. The desserts ARE FANTASTIC! This place could fly alone by those amazing desserts! SOOO GOOD! The desserts, tasty food, and wonderful waitress are really what made this place worth the three stars. However, sadly, that awkward beginning was so painful we won't be returning.I was excited to come here because it was the only place in the area that had crepes. I like going to new  establishments. But as I walked in I was not greeted and I waited at thedesk to be seated for approximately 10 minutes. After I was seated I set down and I will get an additional 20 minutes for someone to come to the table.  You could see the waiters arguing about not wanting to take the table. After I ordered my food I noticed that there were two additional tables that sat after me and they received drinks and complementary bread before me. This place isn't for people with darker skin tones!!Similar to other reviews, food gets 5 stars. Bread was plentiful and so good we could have made a meal with it alone. Stuffed cabbage was the best I've ever had. 
Two stars for service. Took seemingly forever to get drinks and everything that followed despite at least four servers milling about.  Interminable wait for the check even after I told the server -after coffee- that everything was fine. Normally that means the check is on its way but guess i should have asked. Which I eventually did after the table the cleared. We would have been there forever had I not got up to ask.  Ice tea was $8 for two 10 oz. glasses. It was 'pressed' tea whatever that means. Unreal. Didn't complain due to company. Prices were fine for all else but $8 for iced tea? C'mon a 5 oz glass of house merlot costs less. I say stop there the food is awesome but scour the menu and tell the server you only have an hour otherwise you'll be there for three.Made reservations for Mother's Day at 6:00 o'clock for 10 people. I knew it would be busy considering it was Mother's Day so we knew it would be a little bit of a wait, but not as we experienced. They sat us on time, 6:00 o'clock ( only thing they did right) , we brought our own wine but no glasses were on the table.. Finally after half and hour our waitress came over and introduced herself, we asked for glasses to drink OUR wine and some water, 20 minutes later, she finally came back with glasses, still no water for 4 little kids who at this point are frustrated, starving and thirsty.. We patiently ask again for water and bread and  if we can order. Again, another ten minutes for water, forgot the bread this time and told us she would take our order as soon as she came back with the bread. My parents at this point wanted to leave because they were frustrated, the kids were completely losing it ( 3,5,9,11 year olds) and i was really trying to keep it together for my mom. Its now 7:45 when we order our meals and 1 appetizer. Comes back to our table 25 minutes later with wrong appetizer and to tell us they ran out of 4 of our meals. Well, at this point I freaked out and totally lost it. Thank God the kids at least ate all the bread, but we we were all starving and had been waiting NOW for 2 hours. Called over manger and expressed how disappointed I was about everything. SERVICE was horrible !!!! I totally understand it was a busy day, but if you can't handle so many people you should not let them make reservations. I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN OR EVER RECOMMEND THEM.. Our food ( whatever was available) came out at 9:10 !!!
At that point nobody was hungry anymore and the night had been completely ruined.I really don't understand the bad reviews on here. Yes the service can be slow at times, but we usually come here to eat and talk so I don't mind. The food has been consistently great. We just celebrated my moms bday here and the whole experience was great.  I went there to set up a menu and I dealt with Natasha - who's one of the owners - she was very pleasant and helpful.  The size of our party changed last minute and they were very accommodating. Since we had an early dinner and It was going to be hot outside, Natasha suggested we eat the main courses inside and have dessert outside since they have someone playing the guitar out there - what a great idea. Everyone in the party loved going outside for dessert - the setup outside is very warm and welcoming.  Out waitress Ulyana was super sweet and she was running around the whole night and made sure everyone was done as requested.Lava is actually one of my favorite Russian restaurants in the area. And each time I come here I wonder why I don't visit more often. They have a very nicely decorated interior and a large, spacious covered patio. When ever I go, the weather is always very nice and I sit on the patio.
The service is OK. The food can be a bit slow coming out and they're not that attentive. Definitely not awful, but far from good. And yes, even when it's not busy and yes even when you're with a bunch of Russians. It's just not their strong suit. Now that I think about it, maybe that's why I don't come here too often. 
The food is very good. I've tried a ton of their appetizers and entrees, but for some reason, the chicken schnitzel really stands out. I don't know what they do to it, but it's crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, and full of flavor. It's almost like a chicken parm cutlet, but it's different. Also, they make a dessert which I believe is called "lava cake" and it's spectacular. It's essentially crepes filled with cream and then layered together served with whipped cream and berries. It's amazing. They also have this dish which is peaches in a vanilla cream sauce they is super sweet and creamy and delicious.  Also, the presentation of each item is super nice. Like fine dining nice. And it's not too expensive either.
Parking is ample, but there can be a bit of a walk if you have trouble walking. I know they do live music too sometimes, but not sure when.Went with my wife on a Saturday afternoon around maybe 4:30pm. The restaurant it self looks promising, the host got us a table right in between what it looks like a mass party just happened. Anyway we thought it just happened so they'll clean it right away. We got the welcoming from the waitress she was nice and a bit nervous not sure if she was just starting there but anyway she gave us food suggestions and we ordered appetizers and our main food as well. We got the of the avocado and that was amazing good! I got the beef stroganoff also delicious and my wife ordered something i can't remember the name but it was somewhat like a type of ravioli, hers wasn't tasty and it was cold. Anyway we got desert, we hit the chocolate lava cake and that also was delicious... we spent 45-50 mins in the restaurant, remember the we thought a party happened, well the other big tables next to us with all the leftovers, plates, cups etc were still sitting there, finally like 5 staff members finally started cleaning and while they were doing so they were picking and eating from those leftovers... gross... do they get breaks so they can eat properly? Anyway that's none of my biss... our experience went a little less than what i would rate average, to end our visit went to use the restroom... holy cow now that one was like a club/bar bathrooms on rush ours but not full of people but full of trash EVERYWHERE. 
Food: 3 stars
Restaurant appearance during visit: 1 Star
Bathroom: 1 Star
Service: 3 starsThe best schnitzel and french fries in  Northeast Philly. The food is delicious not to expansive. In the summer the out door dinning is open to a great atmosphere. I have been many times!All of these reviews are right on point. A menu with tons of options for everyone, great tasting fresh food with beyond awful service. We have been here more than five times over the years and they have not improved their service at all. Expect to wait 30 mins for your drink, an hour to order, and two hours before you get a bite to eat even if you are the only diners in the entire place. This time around there were two groups of about ten people. Our group arrived 30 mins before, the other group received all their coffee, apps and their ordered entrees way before us. No rhyme or reason. Hire more staff!Wow wow wow! I'm totally speechless after trying Cafe Lava tonight. My first time and definitely not my last! 
Before I go into the review, let me just say how extravagant this place is. What they've done is absolutely gorgeous. The decor is uniquely breathtaking and like nothing I've seen before. Felt so fancy and upscale. 
I noticed that they have an outdoor patio behind the restaurant near the parking. I presume it's used only when the weather is warm. Looks like it has a lot of space for entertaining. I can see myself enjoying a nice little brunch out there later this year. 
The restaurant was basically empty when we arrived. It's huge in there. Looks deceivingly small from the outside though. I can only image how many customers they can fit there on weekends and how busy it probably gets. We were seated at a table by the window, which was great. A woman who looked like the manager came over and swung the curtains open to bring some natural light in. Our waitress walked up and took our drink order shortly after. Didn't get her name but she was awesome and very attentive throughout the night. She brought us bread and butter with the drinks. 
We asked for the sweet fire pancakes from the appetizer menu and my friend got the mac and cheese. The sweet fire pancakes were on point! They were small sweet potato patties fried with red peppers inside and topped with sour cream. The sour cream offset the spiciness of the pancake. My friend let me try her mac... as a cheese lover, it could've been cheesier but it was still delicious. Tasted like baked mac and cheese. 
I ordered the wild mushroom crepes. The pictures I saw on Yelp of these crepes literally made my mouth water so I just had to get them. How did Lava come up with this concoction?! I wasn't sure what to expect after the first bite, but holy moly... they were excellent. A bit tangy with the mushroom sauce on top. They were easy to cut into and didn't create a mess. There was only cheese and mushrooms inside the crepe but it was still very filling. The mushrooms had to have been sautéed or something. They were spectacular, I'll be back for another round of the crepes. 
Service was great, ambiance was lovely. Reasonable prices for the quality and quantity of food. Highly recommend if you want to try some fun and fresh European cuisine!Horrible, long waits, smell awful, food came cold, over cooked, unseasoned. But what drives me most crazy is when I ask for something on the menu an they don't have it and that happened.
I'm a chef and I know what I'm talking about, bad experience, not coming back ever!!!We were there on a girls night last night and the food was great. We had 
Kabobs, pizza, crepes schnitzel, beef sttoganoff- everything  was so fantastic
Eugene our server was so Freindly. It is one of my favorite spots now.The food was amazing. That is the only thing that will get 5 stars.  Got a skillet as well as a nutella crepe. 
.
.
Now the service....that's another story . We got seated at 1215.  Ordered our food at 1pm. Food was not brought out until 2pm.  We mentioned to the waitress our food was taking forever......she kept saying 5 min. 5 min.  
It finally came out an hour after we ordered.  Food was amazing.
We finished around 230 PM. Asked for the check at 232 PM.  Check didnt come until 302 PM. A whole  30 minutes.  And 4 of is kept asking about the check..  and let's not get in how long  it took for the payment as we split it between cash and charge.   Let's just say we just left.  Smhhhhh
The manager gave us 15% off for our trouble.
It was appreciated  but I doubt I'll be backDO NOT GO! WASTE OF TIME ! After 30 minutes of waiting, NO FOOD WAS SERVED. We asked the waitress what had happened with our food and she said "there was a mix up and it would be another 10 minutes". We simply got up and left. I was so disappointed with this place. It was nicely decorated, but beyond that the SERVICE DESERVES A ZERO. Go to SAMARKAND!!We returned here on a cold Saturday night for dinner to celebrate my mom's birthday and we experienced world class food and service and it was definitely a prudent choice.
The seven of us dined on individual items comprised of salads, borscht, chicken kiev, plov and fish. Aside from the superb presentation, everything was delicious and the food was so good that you felt the love for cooking that the chef infused into the dishes when preparing them.  
The service merits its own paragraph; the server was very friendly and efficient. She graciously opened the bottle of wine we brought with us and also took the cake we purchased beforehand to the back until we were ready for dessert.  Upon finishing our meals, she returned with the cake, already sliced.  Nevertheless, we still put a candle into one of the slices and sang my mom happy birthday.
Well done, Cafe Lava! We wish you success.We just got back from the Dominican Republican. We couldn't wait to get back to out favorite restaurant. 
The zuccinni pancakes were so fantastic and we had a few types of crepes which were soooo fabulous. 
The dumplings were also so good.
I tried the steak caesar which was huge and delicious. 
We sat outside with the live music (Oleg) it felt like we were still on vacation. 
This is my favorite resturant. 
I'm having my son's graduation party here. My whole family cant wait to eat here againI love this food so much,it's my absolute favorite!!!
We try to go as much as possible. 
Every time we bring new people (which is often they also fall in love!!
I have brought relatives from San diego, New York and Jersey they are hooked. 
It's the first thing they want weekend we get I town.
The flavors in all dishes are mind blowing.
Tonight we had the following : zucchini pancakes ,vegetable Crepes ,potato vernacki, sea bass, plov, and chicken schnitzel.
amazing amazing amazing!!
The wait staff is so nice and they're very efficient and they're always smiling our favorite is Eugene.
The owners are very kind to and they specialize with the customers and they're just so friendly.As a quick update, this business has recently closed.  As posted on the window, it will be the new home of 'New Georgian House Restaurant' which is mere steps away currently in the Pavios Plaza shopping center. 
Congratulations to the owners for hanging on as long as they did. Needless to say, the restaurant business is brutal and they did the best they could with so many other choices in the vicinity.My husband and I just had our 50 birthday celebration there (in the regular dinning room).
I am going to try their private room one of these days because everyone having  parties in there always look like they are having a blast.
Back to the fantastic 50 th dinner, every thing was outstanding!!!!
The  Chilean sea bass kabobs are always amazing.
My guests also enjoyed the following:
 The   Schnitzel, the zucchini pancakes The snails and the shrimp scampi.
There was so much more to enjoy.
The owners got wind we were celebrating something and sent a complimentary  incredible lava cake that was so humungous that we shared it with strangers next to us (who loved it).
I'm heading there  right now after being on vacation.  As soon we get home we head there.
I'm also entertaining people from San Diego next week and we head right to cafe lava.
In September I have my cousins (a ton of them ) coming from the New York area for a lava night. They LOVE it here.
This is my favorite place (and I go to many restaurants)I had the Transylvanian Stuffed Cabbage, and my husband the pork schnitzel delivered to the hotel where we are staying; both dishes were plentiful and amazing, and had a homemade flavor! It was so good, I called them up to tell them how delicious it was and thank them! 
The stuffed cabbage comes with a side of what I call polenta (it has a different name for them, I can't remember it but it's like corn meal, except creamy and not gritty, delicious) and my husband's dish had a side of thinly sliced fried potatoes and a garnish of pickled cabbage. The schnitzel was huge-- and they gave me a load of food as well. Everything was tender and also arrive hot, something I appreciate because I hate cold food (that's supposed to be hot). 
It did take about 45 minutes but there had been an accident on the road, so forgiven, especially since everything was so good!
Highly recommend!Went to lava a few months back for my MIL birthday dinner. While there the service was horrible. It took forever for anyone to come to our table, there were gnats flying all over and when I went to place my order, they I formed me they had no pasta whatsoever for the shrimp scampi, which I wanted to order. It was very warm in there. Also the one tv we were sat near had all sorts of wires hanging from it, over our heads.It is very hard to find a nice restaurant in Northeast Philadelphia where you can get dressed up, be close to home, and most importantly enjoy the food. Lava has all of that, plus its amazing atmosphere. The style and their decorations inside are amazing! There is no loud music playing over your head and you are able to have a nice dinner with your date, family, co-workers, or whom ever you are with. You can even hold a party in their privet room, which fits up to 50 people. The food is absolutely delicious! Everything is warm when it comes out, and the prices are unbeatable, for the quality of the food and the amount that you receive! Lava is AMAZING! Can't wait to go back again!OMG I went there again last night with my girl friends and the food was outstanding.
The flavor in the Zucchini pancakes was incredible. We also had 2 types of crepes, I have never tasted crepes this good!!
The schnitzel was so moist. 
The Chilian sea bass Kabobs were fabulous.
I had never had bass before I started coming to LAVA, I will not eat it any where else.  Best piece of fish I ever had.
The last time I went there The shrimp scampi was unbelievable and their PLAV ( lamb and rice) was so so good.
I always like to try new things and I am never disappointed!
The owners and staff were so polite and accommodating!I just had my son's college graduation party on Saturday at Cafe Lava.
We had it outside  in the back it looked so incredibly gorgeous.
The furniture and red canopies are beautiful. I love the decor and greenery. 
I felt like I was at a vacation spot. The staff made it so very special. My guest keep complimenting the garden like ambience.  I was getting unbelievable compliments all day and so many texts the next day about the incredible food and atmosphere. 
The courses went on and on (see menu below) from 1 to 5 pm. My guest loved the experience of getting  new fantastic food every half hour.
The party was very reasonable priced too. 
It was served family stlye and there was plenty of it.
Greek salad
Caesar salad 
Calamari
Zucchini pancakes
Variety of crepes
Both pork and chicken schnitzel
A variety of kabobs
Rice
Moscow frys.
I was able to bring my own desserts and booze which saved a lot of money. 
Many of my guests want to come back ASAP.
Thank you to the staff and owners.
DanicaIf you are looking for central Asian and Russian  (shish kababs,  Russian dumplings, fish dishes etc) there are better places in the immediate area.  
Went here with a bunch of guys so got to try many items. 
The food was hit and miss.  I personally did not like the pilmeni (Russian dumplings) here.  The dough was thick and good but the meat had a gritty consistency.  The chicken shish kabob were cooked very well but lack flavor.  Veal chop again, cooked well but lacked flavor.  
The salmon roe we had with crepes was either still frozen or something was not 100% with it.  Crepes themselves were good. 
Both the Greek salad and spicy tomato salad were very flavorful.  Bread was very good. 
There was a quesadilla like dish which was also very good. 
Service was ok.  Had to ask for several things several times. 
Overall not very bad but for me the flavor profile and service make it a place i am not eager to run back to.