It's hard to find good Indian cuisine, but this place is excellent! I'll be going back.Great food. Enough said. Don't get the spicy unless you absolutely can handle it.AMAZING FOOD!!!!  Try channa bhatura ( chick pea curry with puffed bread) very good. Also, try kheer (rice pudding) finger licking good. They also have other Indian delicacies which are as good as it can get.Overpriced considering the amount and quality of food you get for that price.  Portrays itself a 'high-end' authentic Indian restaurant, which i don't feel it is, being a foodie and an Indian myself.  Lacks flavor in most items served.  Not thrilled with Laxmi's.
We ordered a vegetarian platter as one of the starters, among others, because there were six of us there, so we figured we'd be able to try the different items on the plate.  The plate arrived with one samosa cut into two, one aloo tikki cut into two and two pakoras, for $9, totally not worth it!  We ordered chicken malabar ($8), a tiny breast of flattened chicken, battered with coconut and deep fried, enough for one person.
For main course: mixed non-veg tandoori grille ($23), which looked and sizzled like it would be the best tasting dish on earth, but after tasting it, it was quite bland, enough to the point that my husband had to send it back to have some moreflavor added.  They brought it back with some tikka masala sauce thrown over it, which now made it a curry instead of the tandoori grilled dish!  I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, which i must say was tasty, but, in the entire karai (serving bowl), there were barely 5-6 tiny little pieces of chicken and the rest of it was the curry which was gravy.  At $14, again this item is not worth it.  We also ordered Lamb Rogan Josh ($17) which was ok, Daal Makhani and Mutter Paneer ($12 which is high for small portions of veg dishes) tasted good.  We also ordered a side of Raita.  It came in a little saucer like container, which again was only enough for one person ($3).
Since this place is BYO, we brought our own wine, which they did not help serve.  But they charged a $5 corkage fee for opening and pouring it ourselves!
Although the servers are polite, service is ok. They constantly forget to bring things and mistakes. Complimentary chutney & papadam these days is not a big deal.  Most indian restaurants do that obligingly.  We got one plate of a couple pieces of papadum, but since there were six of us, it was not enough for all of us, so we asked for more. We never got it.
We used our Restaurant.com $25 voucher, but I think i would rather take me and my foodie guests somewhere else worth our while, our dollars and our palates.Great byob with excellent tandoor specialtiesLaxmi's has very good food most of the time. It is occasionally inconsistent, but still not bad. Where they are really hurting though is customer service. When you call and get put on hold for well over five minutes, it is a problem. Particularly, when the person who put you on hold is so dumb that you can hear him chatting away with his coworkers the entire time and it is clear that he has forgotten you were even on the phone. When it happens regularly, it's a bigger problem. Heads up Laxmi's, it happens regularly. Tonight was the worst. We were on hold for so long, we had to hang up. When we called back, it kept rolling to voicemail. Then even though the restaurant was empty when we arrived and our food was ready, the same guy made us and another couple wait 10 minutes while he finished whatever paperwork he was doing rather than just give us the food and let us pay. And when we got home, no sauces in the bag.  Because he couldn't be bothered.  There is no excuse for that type of rudeness and laziness.  Get it together Laxmi's.First off I would like to say the food here is delicious. I had the vegetarian samosas, seafood tandoori, and garlic naan. We went on a Friday night around 7pm. Service was a tad bit slow because apparently there were only 2 servers. That's the only reason why I took away a star. The food itself is 5 stars. Will definitely come again.This is the best Indian food I have ever had! My boyfriend and I went for dinner and loved it! The staff was incredibly friendly and the food was, like I said, incredible. They oven-bake their tandoori paneer and I am ruined for life... It's so flavorful I won't ever get paneer anywhere else. Plus, the chef will make the dishes to your level of spiciness, so everyone's palate is pleased!The brother duo who own this place are so nice and helpful, they even let me try a few things I was uncertain about, like sauces. I just recently started eating Indian food. Everything was delicious and fresh! Thanks for opening in manayunk....
PS its Byob.I love Indian food, all of it, and this was a fine specimen. I ordered for pickup and it was waiting for me when I arrive and was hot when I got home. Perfect spice level on the chicken korma with tender thigh meat  and the garlic naan was delicious (not burned like some places)! Definitely will be returning to dine in soon!I agree with some of the comments that the food tends to vary a bit from order to order but I've never had a bad meal here. They seem reluctant sometimes to really turn up the spice when you're dining in but will always bring out homemade hot sauce if asked. Much spicier when ordering take out. Definitely worth going or ordering.This was my first time ordering from this restaurant, I ordered the curry chicken, keema naan, gulab jamun and mango lassi. Everything was excellent the curry was flavorful even though I got the mild sauce, the naan was amazing and the mango lassi completed everythingI decided to get some Indian take out after having a great meal at Desi village in KOP last week.  This is only the third time I've had Indian food...not the best, but not the worst.  
I ordered a vegetarian appetizer sampler and the shrimp biryani.  I'm not that familiar with Indian food, so I didn't know what to expect for the appetizer.  It was all fried, definitely not what I wanted.   The sauces it came with were good though.  I wouldn't recommend the shrimp biryani.  The shrimp was ok, but the rice was really dry.  The raita was no where near as good as at Desi.  The total bill was $27 for just me and I won't be eating most of it.  On the plus side, the app and entree would be enough to easily share for two people.  
Maybe the food is better if you eat at the restaurant.The food here is good enough to be a staple in our regular rotation of take-out places. The prices are on the high side, but hey, they are the only Indian restaurant in Manayunk/Roxborough so they have the market cornered. However, if you phone-in your order, you can use a 15% off coupon that is printed on their menu.My friend and I just went for dinner and everything was perfect. Food was extremely tasty --we got the Shrimp Till-Tikka and scallop (can't remember the name, but it had a Tikka Masala sauce) apps and Chicken Tikka Masala as the main course. Prices were normal for dinner ($13 to $18), but they also have lunch specials that range from $6.95 to $10.95.
The waiter--who was also the owner--was friendly and helpful. He gave recommendations and even explained one of the spices in Tikka Masala when he overheard us discuss making it at home.
It's BYOB. And they deliver. Would definitely recommend. 
Note: They are closed between lunch and dinner (3 to 5 pm).
You can find a sampling of the menu here:
http://www.grubhub.com/philly/laxmis-indian-grille/
And a delivery coupon here (free dessert with $25 order using grubhub):
http://www.couponmap.com/Pennsylvania/Philadelphia/19127/Restaurants/Laxmis-Indian-Grille/gh-4d380ceb3efd28bc13ad2a17ba2bc4cd/The food here is actually decent.  My 2 star rating is on the quality of their delivery service.  
They don't like to answer the phone.  This happens to us all the time.  I don't know why we keep trying.  I finally got someone to answer the phone tonight and the guy tells me yeah sure, they're open until 9pm and that I could call back and place an order.
I figured out what we wanted food-wise and called back in- literally 6 minutes later. No one answers the phone.  I left 2 voicemails.  One asking for an explanation, and a second one telling them that I was going to sign on to yelp and let you guys know what a lazy bag of dicks these guys are.  
I vaguely recall having a similar experience with bad service one night when we dined-in.  
It's like these guys are under strict doctor's orders to not make any money.
Insider tip: call the East Falls location.  The people there answer the phone and deliver quickly- apparently making money doesn't pose an immediate medical risk for the East Falls crew.This is my favorite Indian restaurant around. No one can compete with their samosas! The dough has a perfect thickness and has a beautiful aroma of Indian spices! The sauces that come with them are perfection. One is sweet and the other minty. As you can see, I'm quite addicted to their samosas!
As for entrees, pretty delicious! I always order their butter chicken. It's creamy but also incorporates the right about of spices! For dessert, I recommend trying their rice pudding. It's not too sweet and is a great ending contrasting to a spicy meal. 
I've ordered for delivery and dined in the restaurant. Unlike other establishments, I'm happy to report that the quantity and quality is consistent!
Don't change a thing, especially the samosas recipe! :PVegi samosa was amazing. I got lamb korma that was recommended by waiter- it was phenomenal. Staff was friendly. Will definitely be backTried this restaurant this week. It was just ok. The service was good, but we were expecting more food-wise. I have been going to Tiffin and Ekta for the longest time and love both those places. Decided to try Laxmi's and while is not the worst indian food I have had, I like the other places better. 
We ordered garlic Naan which in my opinion was the best part of the meal. We also had chicken Tikka Masala, which was just ok, and chicken Vindaloo, also just ok. Both sauces were kind of watery... Nothing special. 
I will probably visit again if friends insist of going there (closer to home), but definitely not by myself.Having grown up eating my mama's explosively hot vindaloo curries, I can say that Laxmi's has some of the spiciest, flavourful Indian food I've had in a long time. Admittedly, I've wussed down to the chicken korma curry, but even at a medium spice level it still makes me break out into the hot sweats. Fwah.
Prices and parking are reflective of the Manayunk neighbourhood, but the staff are super sweet which makes them a notch above the other poorly-run restaurants in the area.I went on a date with my bf here. I have nothing bad to say about it. It was absolutely delicious.The atmosphere was good. The samosas are insanely good. The service was friendly and I would definitely go back.Ordered from uber eats since I was craving some Indian food. The food came hot and was good sized portions. Pretty decent food. I got the chicken tiki masala and I got it mild because I was afraid medium would be too spicy. I should have gotten medium because it was very sweet and needed some kick. It was pretty good, but had no spice to it at all. The tandoori chicken was a bit dry but edible. The garlic naan was very good. I will order here again if I'm craving some affordable Indian for delivery.Great Indian food experience   
We tried a variety of dishes with our party of four. We will all very pleased with the food (awesome garlic naan and tasty Khorma and Saag) and the service. Affordable prices. Too. Wish I'd known... Take note... BYOB- so grab a bottle and take it with. Plus the $10 parking lot across the street is free with a ticket from the restaurant, so you get your money back- v cool surprise!Lovely decor, equally lovely service. The pacing of the food was on point. Vegetable samosas and naan were delicious. The highly rated chicken tikka masala was satisfyingly spicy but the flavor wasn't anything crazy amazing. Then again, my taste buds might have been numbed by all the Indian food that I've had in the past. The prices were a bit steeper but it goes with the Main Street of Manayunk. BYOB!Just a quick update to my lady review. Me and my boyfriend LOVE love love Laxmis. The tika masala is by far the best we have ever had! We also get the garlic naan to dunk in the sauce. The new manager is awesome; she is always super accommodating and goes out of her way to make sure you get what you need. We usually dine in but we decided to get delivery the other day. It came SO fast! And was nice and hot. Love it!This has been my favorite restaurant in Manayunk since moving here almost 4 years ago. I have been here countless times, and the food never has disappointed me. I've had so many of the dishes... But I love the Tandoori platter with paneer and chef's Chana masala. They also have a delicious tikka masala that I have enjoyed with both chicken and paneer. Sometimes I treat myself to a mango lassi. Even their delivery service is well worth it so that I can enjoy their specialties on my couch!
I will say that service has changed. I used to have knowledgeable servers who were extremely friendly and obviously invested in the restaurant. However, my last visit on Valentine's Day felt very impersonal and we had to wait quite a while between courses. However, I let it slide because I was still very happy with the food product.New Name=New Place!  I was very skeptical that this place would  be different after the name change (the old food wasn't very good), but what a change!  The food is great and the service is wonderful!  I have been a couple times now, and every time has been a great experience.  It's great having a good Indian food restaurant in Manayunk!I'm a bit surprised this is one of the highest-rated Indian places on the Mainline-ish area.
Atmosphere:  OK.  Not your typical Indian decor for such a restaurant.  It felt a bit like any old cloth tables restaurant that makes you feel like you're in a newly-built house in the suburbs.
Food:  Pretty good, a 3 out of 5.  Tandoori Paneer isn't typically exploding with dynamic flavor anyway, but it was good for spiced paneer with quietly sauteed veggies.  The Navratan Korma, on the other hand, was full of flavor, with nice spices and a creamy base.  But oh by the way, its 'nine vegetables' are from a pack of frozen mixed veggies.  You can't mistake those small squares of carrots, mixed in with peas and corn, for anything else.  It was tasty, but not worth $11.95.
Service:  The service was good.  Nice people and attentive, although since this was on a very quiet Sunday evening I can't offer a qualified rating of that aspect.
Bottom line:  The food is tasty enough, but neither fresh nor distinct, and it's overpriced for what you get.This restaurant wasn't very good, although I did get delivery, I'm not sure how it would be in the actual restaurant. The Naan was soggy, the basmati rice didn't look or taste right, and the dish I got was mushy and not as flavorful as I was used to.I have ordered takeout from here a few times, and have always been happy with it. It's a bit steep price-wise, but the quality is worth it. I'm an especially big fan of their naan selection.Great little spot on main st, actually an old Indian restaurant that went out of business years ago.  This new spot delivers, awesome!  And has cool young owners, another plus,  so this is more for constructive critisism.  I can't spell welll.  The sauce was good and the basmati was done well, but the ribcage with no meat on it and the bone chips that came with the little chicken were too hard to navigate around.  This may be authentic like how they do jerk chicken but I couldn't bring myself to work that hard again for 13$ worth of chicken.  I hope you all the best and I will be checking in again soon enough to see again,  worth a return trip.So disappointed. Tried to come here today with my fiancé who has never had Indian food before. I'm 8 months pregnant and craving this delicious food. I walked in and was asked to wait. In waiting I hear the waitress tell the only other patron that there's no rice and if he wants some he will have to wait awhile. She then turns and asked me if I wanted a table. I said yes please. She said well we close soon so we can't do that only take out. I could understand if I came 10 or 15 minutes to closing. But it was almost 2:30 and they don't close until 3. So instead I opted to take my business elsewhere. I actually really love this place but today I was a bit let down.Came here with friends a couple of weeks ago. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and spinach paneer with naan and roti also with their basmati rice. Both dishes were pretty good. The place was clean and staff was friendly. I really liked that they gave us the chickpea cracker (forget what it's actually called) with the different sauces as we waited for our meal.
The service was good and the decor of the place was nice and "fancy looking." May come back if I'm in the area and craving indian.Fail.  I ordered spicy chicken makhani and it was sweet.  The samosas were not flavorful and tasted old.  Just threw out the menus for this and the East Falls location.The four was for the food alone. 
My boyfriend and I have been meaning to try Laxmi's or Chaaba, the thai BYOB right down the street, for months now. We were both craving Indian so despite the overall Yelpers recommendations towards the thai experience, we took the warnings about bad service with a grain of salt and made our way in. 
Laxmi's is a window-front restaurant, nestled in as the bookend of restaurant choices along Main Street.  Decor is simple with maroon table linens and two and four seat tables scattered. At the 8 pm hour we arrived, diners were sparce. We were greated by one of two servers on the floor and she placed us in a two-seater....right next to the door. I am not a big fan of sitting with my back to the whole restaurant and gazing lovingly at my boyfriend (and a corner wall) but hey! I was excited to eat Indian. 
She took our wine to uncork and poured us waters to start. A solid five minutes went by. Then another two. Our server had disappeared into the back kitchen and had yet to return. In the meantime, another couple had walked in, was seated and had their wine opened immediately. Almost 10 minutes went by and we were trying not to stare as they were were sipping and munching on their little starter. 
We found more humor in the situation than anything, but after watching server #2 then stand next to our unopened bottle of wine at the back bar for another 2 minutes before realizing that the table in the corner by the door (us!) was probably waiting, she came over with a bumbling apology and proceeded to open the wine before realizing we did not have wine glasses.  Okay, i made my point.  From that point on it was fine. She was a little granola and shy, not the assertive server type we're used to around here. She also explained that she was vegetarian, so she was really unable to help us choose between lamb dishes; however she was sweet and explained to us with childlike excitement how cool it is to watch the chef roll out the samosa dough and make everything from scratch. (We didn't even see server #1 again until she popped up at the end of our meal to clear dishes.)
Ok, now for the food:
We ordered the Vegetable Samosas and the Aloo Papri Chaat. The samosas were large and were presented as a pair of dense and dramatic oversized tear drops. They were piping hot (which i love) and the flavor of the whipped potatoes and spices was delicate and delicious. I would definitely order again and can't wait to enjoy with a glass of heavier red in the winter time. 
The Aloo Papri Chaat was a "salad" of chick peas, chutney, yogurt and "crispies" which tasted similar to fried chinese wontons. It had nice flavor but was a room temp dish and lacked the wow factor. In hindsight, I wish we ordered the Shrimp Till Tikka. 
For our main courses, we chose to share the Chicken Vindaloo and the Lamb Korma and a side of Naan. Both were served with long-grained rice and a tri-pod of sauces and pickled onions. The vindaloo had nice flavor and heat, a tangy tomato base. The chicken pieces were a little overcooked so it was hit or miss with the morsels, but overall it was enjoyable. 
The Lamb Korma was off the hook! Lamb simmered in exotic spices and a mild cream sauce -- can you say, pass the Naan to soak up every last drop? We enjoyed the flavor so much, we actually started discussing an idea for a restaurant opening. Talk about inspiration! 
Bottom line, it's a great place to go if you live in Manayunk and you are  tired of the same types of cuisine and same flavors you experience in 9 out of the 10 restaurants here. Go here with someone you are not trying to impress. Go with someone you like a lot because the ambiance is lack luster and company/food (and your wine selection) are everything. Go with someone who enjoys Indian and/or trying new dishes. 
And as many Yelpers have already said, get that side of Naan. You're going to need it.I guess I'm a little confused about all the comments about bad service, because this has never been my experience. My boyfriend and I eat here like twice a month because we actually always have really great service, and even became friendly with a young Pakistani waitress. The food is really delicious. My boyfriend wasn't interested in trying Indian food until we started dating, but now he tries something new each time we go to Laxmi's. We both have really liked each entree he ordered. I always get chicken tikka masala because it's my favorite food, but this is one of the best I've had. We also really enjoy the samosas, rice pudding and crunchy bread appetizer thing they give you; especially the sauces with it! Bonus points because it's BYOB. My boyfriend will be moving out of Manayunk in a month, and we're really going to miss this place. I highly recommend it!We just tried to eat at the one in Manayunk. It was pouring rain and we were soaked. The waitress told us they were closed except for reservations. The restaurant was empty, except for two tables. It was 830. It was suggested we get take out. We went to Han Dynasty instead. I suggest you do the same.this is the worst indian restaurant ever...I have not had such bad indian food in my life. If you want to try indian food, do not go to this place. we ordered take out, it was nice that we got a discount online but i would not even pay a penny for the disgusting taste. if you want really good indian food, try tiffine or better yet ekta. this place is a disgrace to indian food. we had lamb rogan josh, i can cook better than this, the chicken tikka was sweet when we wanted to be medium, dal makhani tasted watered down.I think this is probably my all-time favorite Indian restaurant. I have always liked Indian food but I used to be really indiscriminant about it. I distinctly remember that the first time that an Indian friend of mine referenced the difference between bad and good Indian restaurants, I wondered when, if ever, I would be able to tell the difference.Well, now, thanks to about three years of eating at Laxmi's at least once a month, I can officially say that many other Indian restaurants in the area are completely ruined for me. If I weren't so in love with this place, I'd probably be mad about it. 
My go-to's are the Vegetable Samosas (so crispy! The inside is dense and incredibly flavorful - they have an unusual tanginess that I cannot get enough of - no greasy, bland potato taste here! Chutneys that come on the side are great too) and the Shahi Paneer* but I've found all of their curries to be above-par, other favorites are the Tikka Masala and the Korma. But, honestly, all of their paneer dishes are pretty amazing - I accidentally ordered the Paneer Masala (instead of Tikka Masala) the last time I was in and even though I missed the creaminess of my preferred version, I still thought the dish was great.
I usually get take-out here but, lucky for me, my boyfriend is also a big fan of Laxmi's (he loves the Lamb Korma for all you meat-eaters out there who were thinking my review was useless so far!) and this is also one of our favorite date spots. It's a BYO and the atmosphere is intimate, relaxed, and romantic. And they definitely make more an effort with the decor than a lot of ethnic BYOs seem to.
I really have nothing bad to say about this place - it has my full endorsement and recommendation. If you've eaten at Laxmi's and you strongly feel that there is an Indian restaurant in Philadelphia that is notably better, please message me and tell me because I need to know about it! (Not kidding, message me, I want to know!)
*just a note about the Shahi Paneer - they recently took this off their menu :( :( ...I have yet to see if they still can/will make it upon request.My husband and I ate here for the first time and it was delicious!! This was our first time eating Indian and we are hooked! Our 17 month old even enjoyed the food.Gooseberries! Pickled gooseberries in the achar = super salty & spicy flavorful bits.  
Took advantage of Laxmi's awesome lunch specials and was thoroughly impressed. Many options (veg plates starting at $6.95) with your choice of entree (meat, chicken, veg *or* health conscious low cal), rice & side of the day. Complimentary chutney & papadam too.    
The owner was friendly & attentive, chatty in an unobtrusive way (he googled gooseberries for us on his laptop so we could see what they looked like pre-pickling).  The kitchen adjusted the spice level of each dish - I love seeing a deeper red hue in my dishes, not just a sprinkling of pepper flakes.  
Thanks Laxmi for an inexpensive satisfyingly delicious meal.  Will be back for BYO.Laxmi's is fantastic, love the chutneys, great ambiance, food is always full of of flavor. this has been my favorite restaurant for a few years now, I'll always stop in :-)Went out to eat here with my friends the other week. The naan was amazing. Staff was very polite and friendly. If you're looking for good Indian food this is the place to go!Have only eaten take out here but it was delicious, even though I didnt stray far from my favorite Indian staples. The chicken tikka masala and the lamb saagwala were delicious (as any fan of Indian knows, get naan to soak up all of leftover sauces).
It gets three stars cus I have only had take out and it is expensive for regular takeout ($14 for a basic entree plus more for naan, etc.). Need to try eating in house before I give it 4 stars.For years I refused to try Indian food. Now I've had it and I'm hooked! This place takes the crown of all the places I've ever tried. Lamb Saag was good, but their Tandoori Chicken is the absolute best I've ever had. My wifes chicken tikka masala was pretty good too. Part of what sets this place above the rest is not only their food but their customer service. Wait staff is very friendly and they really understand you when you try to give them your spice level preferences. Customer for life, good thing I live right around the corner.Since my last review, things have really turned around at Laxmi's. We probably eat there once a month. Best Indian food you can get in the area. I highly recommend it.Laxs is thee best place to eat on Main Street Manayunk. Keep it short and sweet great food top notch service affordable prices great atmosphere wonderful spot for date night. And it's BYOB
Favorite spot .An indo place in my hood, finally! Now I can just walk down main st when I am craving some food of my motherland :) A small and intimate setting, with sweet indo-classical tunes playing in the background and friendly, eager to please staff. Totally love that it's a BYO too. We started with the fish pakoras which I thought was a unique app option ( usually you only ever have a veg or meat one). The fish was tender, cooked just right, with a crispy crunchy outside. There were already sauces on our table from the free 'paaper' we got, so that was our dipping sauces for the pakoras, but I feel like there could've been another sauce to accompany them as well. For dinner we tried the lamb vindaloo and shrimp korma.  I loveee korma sauce. I'd eat a bucket of that stuff if I had the chance.  This place did it just wonderfully.  My hubby and I love spicy food as well, and we basically requested the waiter to make it as spicy as they could, and I can honestly say its one of the few times that I feel like they've actually delivered on the spicy I requested.  And it made it so much more delicious too.  Just a note: I think this place had a recent restaurant name change, so some of their menus still say Shaheen.  No matter what they call it - I'll be eating there.Food is delicious-I always get takeout and have liked everything I have tried! The soups are good and from the few vegetarian dishes I have gotten they all seem to be fresh and flavorful. Would definitely recommend getting takeout as the restaurant is always quiet inside.We were so impressed by this place upon discovery that we dined here two days in a row. The staff is super friendly, the food is delicious, the atmosphere is beautiful, and the naan is one you'll probably have dreams about. Maybe just me? Foodie. Sorry not sorry! The chicken tikka masala and tandoori chicken were amazing so I'd highly recommendI loved this place, I went with 3 of my girls and we all love Indian food, it was a small restaurant,  they had really good food, I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and garlic naan, I can say it was the best I have had, p.s. we got great service, we sat there for like 3 hrs with wine and food. Definately going back again!!Laxmi's catered an event my organization had at The Bazemore Gallery down the street last night.  They could not have been nicer, the food was fantastic and they totally worked within our budget.  Everyone was very impressed!This place is awesome!  I've actually never had dinner inside the restaurant only delivery but the food is always on point and delivered speedily.  My go-to order is garlic naan, chicken tikka masala and saag paneer.  It's a little expensive for take out but the leftovers are just as tasty the next day.Food was delic. Service was attentive. Server was knowledgable. Was skeptical at first since there was only one other occupied table but the place filled up within 10 minutes. Love the byob aspect. Frequenly order take out from there.My wrap up of Laxmi's
1.alright Chana Masala 
2. good service
3. free nibbles while you wait
4. GREAT garlic naan
5. AMAZING samosas
the service I had was swift and attentive. When my water ran out it was immediately filled up without so much as me having to look in my servers direction.  I was not SUPER excited about the chana masala.. however it may be due to the fact that I had to add a ton of spicy sauce ( MYSELF) and salt.. but the level of spice I shouldn't blame them for. I ordered it mild because I shared it with my 5 year old . but the total lack of salt was unfortunate; despite that the flavors were great. 
I'd definitely come back, I was told they would be starting up a lunch time buffet next week so that way I can try out a few other options. I feel thngs were a bit overpriced, but it's Manayunk, you won't get any west philly indian food prices here.Just ok. It's a nice atmosphere and I'm glad there is an Indian restaurant on main street, but the food tends to be a little bland. Having tasted a lot authentic Indian food, I think the problem is that Laxmi's is catering to folks who don't want to be overpowered by strong flavors in spice. What they forget is that flavors are what draw a lot of people to Indian food in the first place. Don't be afraid to be authentic and flavorful!Found them on Yelp and I was looking for delivery. 
I love Indian food. I have never had bad Indian food probably because there are so many spices. I ordered some take out here and it arrived on time in 1 hour. That is really good for delivery. 
I ordered the Nann bread, samosas, mango lassi and the chicken tikka masala. 
They have a minimum of $25 dollars an order. Their curry is not as thick as most other Indian places I have tried. Probably because they don't put as much cream in their curry. 
All in all it was a great dinner :DI love everything about Laxmis. Having been to quite a few Indian restaurants around the Philadelphia area, Laxmis managed to beat them all. Our waitress was awesome, as was the food. Absolutely delicious. It's cute and charming inside with a very relaxed, comfortable vibe. I find myself coming here more often than my bank account likes.3.5 stars for food, service is okay (not great), and prices are pretty average for Indian food. The place is really small, so it feels cozy. The mango lassi was decent. Overall, a good place if you're craving Indian food. They have lunch specials for around $7.Note: this is a review only on service. We did not end up eating at Laxmi's. 
My boyfriend and I chose laxmi's after walking down Main Street. We were both starving and the restaurant didn't look that busy, so we went in. It was around 9, and the restaurant is open until 10. We were seated right away and given menus. I will note that the prices seemed a little high. 
There were three other parties in the restaurant- two of which already had their food and the last party had their order taken while we were walking in. We sat there for a full 10 minutes and no one came to our table to even give us water. I would understand if they were busy or they were short-staffed. But I saw three people walking around in the back. The woman who seated us even checked on another table while completely ignoring us. I'm not sure if the poor service was because we came in an hour before closing time, but if that is the case, they should adjust their hours. 
We ended walking out and going to another restaurant, where we received prompt service.I had a groupon for this restaurant. It was obvious that, prices have been inflated to adjust the value of deep discounts offered. We got Samosas for appetizer, which was decent. 
My friend got aloo gobi, which was really good. And I got Navratan Korma. One thing about most of the Indian restaurants is, they tend to use very cheap ingredients and vegetables for entrees, especially for Navratan Korma. They use cheap grade frozen mixed vegetables, which comprise corn, green beans, lima beans and etc. Laxmi's is not an exception.
Corn although an important part of Indian food, they never end up in entrees. It actually never blends in with any Indian entree, unless they served on their own. One more thing is, lack of south Indian foods - which actually most of the Indian restaurants carry on their menu. 
Ambiance is good and it is located in the heart of Manayunk. But, I am not sure, whether I will go again.Indian food is my favorite, and while this may not be the best Indian I've ever had, it's pretty consistent.  
The garlic naan is amazing, it is a must.  Lots of vegetarian options (not surprising obviously) and everything I've ever eaten there is good.  You can adjust the dishes to your spice preference and the staff is friendly.  Best of all, it's affordable. 
Most of the restaurants in Manayunk are either way too yuppie/pompous or a complete douche fest; Laximi is a refreshing surprise.Last night I went to Laxmi's for the first time...this is also the first time I had Indian food. I ordered the vegetable somosas (did not like them at all), but my main course, as well as my boyfriend's, was absoutely amazing! The service was amazing and friendly. I will definitely go back again!My favorite Indian place in Philadelphia. I'm picky with lamb dishes but this place has the juiciest cuts of lamb for just $16. Vegetarian options are delicious as well but would strongly advise to add some spiciness to it. Do not choose the Mild option. So much more flavor with a little spice.
Also delicious Garlic naan and fairly priced for two.Had delivery. Ordered the Korma and the Tikka Masala with garlic naan. 
Both entrees were really great. The heat developed nicely without overpowering the flavor. I just loved the Korma. It was creamy, spicy, flavorful, and very filling. Both entrees allowed for leftovers which is always a plus.
The naan wasn't great by the time it got to us but I'm sure it would be great at the restaurant.
Delivery took a while for a weekday night.This place is amazing. The butter chicken is to die for. The pakoras are also nice and crunchy. everything on the menu I had was downright amazing even the bacon nann. Godbless this is my new go to for Indian food. If you want authentic Indian food look no further.The food was good. The sizzler was sizzling and you can actually hear how hot it was. The chicken makni was great too. But the place smells like a bathroom. There were many people coming to pick up orders during the time we were there so I guess this is not a sit down place at all. The waiter there is not attentive. You have to flag him down every time you need something.Take out was very good!! I ordered Chicken tikka masala, vegetable korma and garlic Nan. Spicy level was nice, I asked for both extra spicy. They even threw in little containers of mint chutney.My bad review isn't because of the food or even because of the baby roach that crawled across our table when our plates were cleared - which our waitress saw and tried to kill with a napkin. It is because the waitress then presented us with the check in full. We walked out without paying.This is probably my favorite Indian Restaurant. We've been here several times and have always gotten consistently good service and food. 
This place is BYOB; I recommend a sweeter white here for most dishes, which can be very spicy (i.e. Gewürztraminer). 
The waitstaff is always great, and quick to clean up whatever mess I invariably make. 
Our typical meal here. First off, you get free bread-thingy and chutneys, and the chutneys are amazing. We usually get the spicy fish soup and it's consistently good. I almost always get medium (and I usually like very spicy food...) chicken makhani, and my girlfriend usually gets some random chicken dish (i.e. korma, tikka mi sala, etc; I'm probably fudging spelling a lot here...). For desert I almost always get the julumb thingy (it's like donut balls covered in sugar rose water); pretty amazing. 
Price is super reasonable, and food is outstandingly consistently good. Definitely check this place out.We just ordered from here on a Saturday night.  Delivery took about an hour which was the promised time.  We ordered some garlic and plain naan which were still warm by the time it arrived and both were delicious.  I had the paneer korma - the sauce was very creamy and a little spicy.  I wasn't a big fan of the paneer itself.  It was a weird texture when I chewed it.  Our vegetable samosas were delicious and spicy.  My friend got the mutter paneer which she thoroughly enjoyed.  Overall we were happy with our food!Great atmosphere, quiet and comfortable even on a busy Saturday night. Everyone in the place stayed for a while enjoying BYOB and no one seemed rushed like you might be in a more crowded place like Chabaa.
The food was excellent all around. Favorites were the lamb tika masala and garlic naan. Really glad we chose to eat here on a whim.I am reviewing the Manayunk location. Food is delicious. Baingan Bharta is fantastic!
We've only done online ordering for delivery and my only complaint is the lack of timeliness of their delivery. When I place an order online at 4:30 for 6pm delivery, I don't want to get it at 6:20. They are consistently 15-20 late. Make sure to account for this when you order.Laxmi's was good. The flavor of the dishes were good, but nothing to rave about. There is definitely better Indian, especially for the price. But it's a convenient location and the food was tasty! I will probably go back.Laxmis is my favorite Indian restaurant of all time! Their ginger naan is the only place I've ever seen it on the menu and it is delicious. 
I usually get the daal without the coconut milk. Ask them to up the spice level. So spicy and amazing. 
Samosas are also delicious. 
They usually have a groupon deal so grab it and go!!Really good food! The saagwala was delicious. The chicken was so tender. Would definitely go back just for that.
Chicken tikki masala was also really good.
Service was really slow considering we were the only people in the restaurant. But that's okay. We weren't in a rush.Amazing food, rice is not dry but has a nice fluffy texture. No buffet of old food, everything made fresh. Good service. Very tasty; you can choose mild, med, or spicy. Highly recommend this place.2.5.  Unfortunately, we were disappointed in our much anticipated trip to Laxmi's.  We bought a $30 Groupon for $15 and used it on our visit.  We ordered the chicken malabar for an app which was very good.  The chutney was excellent.  For entrees, we shared chicken tikka masala and lamb korma.
We had a lengthy discussion with our server about spice.  We said we wanted a little bit of spice ("3-4" as the waiter noted on a scale from 1-10).  We were hoping this would have a mild-moderate amount of spice given how hot Indian dishes can be, but we figured erroring on the side of caution would be OK.  I'd rate the amount of spice we ended up getting as a 0 on a scale from 1-10 which was disappointing.
Ignoring the lack of spice, the chicken tikka masala was OK and the lamb korma lacked basically any flavor at all other than the mild flavor of the meat itself.  This was, of course, quite disappointing.  I'm by no means a great chef and my fiancee remarked on our way home that the chicken tikka masala dish I make is better.  The garlic naan we ordered was really the only flavorful offering which is really a shame in the realm of Indian cuisine.
The serving sizes seemed small because both entrees were served in ~12 oz bowls, but once you got everything on the plate, it wasn't too bad albeit a little light on the chunks of meat.  Service was very good.
All in all, I don't think we'll be back.  It would have been way too expensive without the Groupon and even with it, the food just wasn't flavorful enough.  I've only been to Indian lunch buffets before this experience and I'd opt for the buffets simply based on flavor.  It's a shame because a good Indian place in Manayunk would be great.This was good a few years ago, but has gone completely downhill. It seems like they are just 'phoning it in' - making no effort. Navratan Korma with a bag of frozen mixed vegetables?  Seriously? I can buy a jar of curry sauce at the supermarket and do that myself.  The rest of the food seems like it was made with no care, effort or pride. Just thrown together to make money. Don't waste yours. Go to Tiffin in Mt. Airy (bit of a drive, but they make an effort ) or Saffron on Lancaster Avenue. Or if you want to stay in Manayunk, Han Dynasty Chinese is out of this world. Similar prices to Laxmi.This place was delicious and exceeded my expectations.  Rich gravies, homemade naan, and very fresh meats (there were giant chunks of delicious tender lamb in our stew).  Plus, $40 for dinner for two?? You can't beat that.