Delivery takes a good amount of time, but the pizza is completely worth it. Big slices of thin pizza perfect if you like to fold your slices.My friends all go for pizza which doesn't appeal to me other than fun fact that a large is the size of a small planet. BUT what I did discover whrn I needed a very quick bite, was that their Italian combo is spectacular! Flavorful and fresh, and bonus if you add hot peppers on it!I hadn't had Lazaro's since my undergraduate days and decided it was worth a trip back, now that I live about five blocks away.  It was Sunday night, and Lazaro's was sufficiently busy.
My gf and I ordered a large mushroom pizza and waited patiently in the seating area next door for our pie.  10 minutes.  20 minutes.  25 minutes I go check.  "Large mushroom?"  It's next, it's next.  We did have a pizza a few minutes later, but for a pizza this thin, waiting 30 minutes was a little long.
And I didn't appreciate the comment from the guy when I went back to get a couple of forks and knives, "next time you should order ahead, you know".  Thanks, jerk.  I will now that I know it takes 30 minutes to make a really flat pizza.  
The pizza itself - also about three stars.  The mushrooms were good, but they kind of skimped on the amount they gave.  The sauce is sweet and the crust nice and thin, just as I like it.
Anyway I'm sure I'll be back but I wish there was somewhere that stood out for me as damn good pizza.After just moving to Philly, I was excited by the large number of well reviewed Pizza joints in the area.  We tried Lazaro's 1st as it was close to our house. 
We got a large half cheese half pepperoni pie and an order of garlic knots. The garlic knots were pretty good. Less greasy than places I've ordered from in the past and definately not overdone on the garlic. The pizza was typical thin crust, but not as crispy as I would have liked. The sauce, however, was superb. It is much sweeter than any sauce I've had in the past and really had a nice zing to it. The peperoni wasn't crispy enough. 
Pretty good pizza, but I think I can find better in Philly.good tomato pie or well red pizza. 
also good chicken finger sub (with honey lettuce and tomaeters)Great pizza and better service, wish they would take cards tho, other than that, great businessi've ordered delivery from these guys a couple of times, whilst working. not only did i enjoy it, i enjoyed to the extent of OMGTHATSAGREATSAMMICH!!!!
seriously....i dig the zucchini sticks, all fried up, too.
(btw--the sammich of awesome is the veggie hoagie--eggplant, ahoy!)Pizza is great. Super thin crust. As close to NY or north jersey pizza as it gets. Delivery fee is crazy at $6 but I will pay it for their pizza. Delivery time was 30 mins less than expected which was awesome for a Friday night.I have been ordering from Lazaro's Pizzeria & Grill for years. I have never once been disappointed, and the delivery has always been very quick. Lazaro's is the only place in the city that I order pizza and cheese steaks from, definitely a great choice for any night, especially when the game is on. Thank you for the years of great food and service!I think you should prepare yourself before entering. Get out your hankie, tie your hair back, and prepare to salivate. This is what happens when you enter the haven of Lazaros. 
I have to admit to only trying their cheese and white pizza. The white pizza (classic) is what kills me. It kills me with sweet cheesy flavor. And then brings me back to life with the wafting scent of yet another gargantuan slice. You begin to sweat, dare I have another slice? Who is looking anyways? Is this a sin or can I get away with it?! All natural fears. Let me lay them to rest. Lazaros is awesome. It is best to stuff yourself with awesome so that you have awesome inside you. For the next few hours at least. Then you have to come back for more. 
Which is EXACTLY what I plan to do this weekend. Me. Lazaros. It's the only kind of date I need to have the rest of my life! 
Also, if you are complaining about the size of this food look at their name. Lazaros Pizza House. They had to get a HOUSE added for this kind of food. Because it feeds a house of people. Duh, don't hate, it's implied in the title foo!Lazaro's is decent Philly pizza.  It's thin, they use high quality cheese (which they don't skimp out on), and have a great selection of toppings.  The sauce, however, is a bit too sweet for my liking.  Another downside is that they're only open till 11PM on Friday and Saturday which really isn't conducive for drunk pizza-eating....unless you got a head start from happy hour.Besides questionable customer services. Excellence pizza. One of the best in the city. Slices are huge. Prices are very favorable. Highly recommend the bbq chicken.All I can say is their pizza is delicious and if you ever want a calzone to kick your ass, order theirs.  Specifically the veggie calzone.  It was STUFFED full of delicious veggies.  It came in a pizza box and was enormous and life-changing.
I ordered eggplant on my pizza and maybe it was just a bad batch, but it was basically fried crispy flakes on top of greasy pizza, which didn't really do it for me.  Don't get me wrong, I love the greasy pizza part - but when I ordered eggplant as a topping, and it came out as fried breadcrumbs with a hint of eggplant underneath, I just felt bad about myself.
Also, they are cash-only$2.75 for a plain slice; which is quite large. Very thin and crispy crust, for those that prefer that style. Sauce and crust have a slight hint of sweetness. A little light on the cheese.I came here with my boyfriend visiting from new york city and we were walking down South Street to look for a place to eat. We ran into this place and the pizza was pretty good. It was kind of weird that the place to sit down and consume your food was in a different store right next to the place where you order. Very strange! Other than that i have no complaints.Probably the best slice in the city.  A little chaotic in there at lunch, but they get the food out quickly. 
Their spicy curly cheese fries are also a must have.  Them, and a slice and I am in cheesy heaven.  If it wasn't bad for the waistline, I would be here every day.game 2 of the NLDS v the cardinals. phils started strong, losing their lead in the 6th inning, then falling behind come the 7th. at this time my friend informed us that we needed to do more than wave our rally towels from the comfort of the couch; we MUST finish the pizza.
not one to argue with silly superstitions when it comes to baseball, i obliged (despite being quite full from having already eaten two tasty thin crust plain slices along with a couple cheesy broccoli bites and a handful of fries). we each grabbed a [now cold] piece, chomping away in the hopes of a comeback.
sadly, our over-eating efforts didn't pan out. on the up side, there are way worse foods to "have to" consume than a large lazaro's pie.$3.75 for a huge slice of pizza. Large portion and good cheese to sauce ratio. Not a fan of the sauce, it's just simply too sweet and overpowering for my taste. Might be back for a steak in the near future.
One side of the building is open for ordering, and the other side is self-seating.I only ever order subs or appetizers from here but they are always really great. Be sure to check out the veal or chicken parm sub.My go to pizza place. But than Randazzos in my opinion. Slices are big here and garlic knots are good too. Only downside is it's cash only but not a big deal. Make this your neighborhood pizza place!Simply the best pizza. The slices are not to be believed big gorgeous lovely works of art. My absolute favorite!!!!!Pretty yummy pizza. Sweet sauce, thin NYC inspired crust, flavorful cheese. Cheesteak with onions and whiz was done right. 
Would definately order again.Thin crust pizza is very tasty!! We also ordered mild chicken wings and they were great too! Pretty big but flavorful. Delivery on a Friday night was just under 30 min! Impressive!
Will be ordering again!Ordered a margarita pie...."*"("Awesome(@*#& will be order another pie tomorrow....sauce was sweet, crust was good, pie didn't look fancy but the taste was there ...finished half small pie by myself and I'm generally 2 slice and done...was that good.I ordered a veggie stromboli and fried mushrooms with cheese whiz. Everything was so terrible that I have a hard time believing that anyone who works here is eating their food. The cheese whiz was so salty it was inedible (and I really like salt). The inside of the stromboli was sweet in a really unfortunate way. I would've just thrown the whole thing away if I hadn't been so hungry/exhausted. I ended up scraping out the entire filling and just eating the crust. 
I will never eat here again.Love this place!! The thin crust, the large (and I mean LARGE) slices, the quick service. This is a great place when you are craving good pizza,,Three words. BUFFALO.CHICKEN.PIZZA!!! Seriously the best thing I've ever out in my mouth. I think it's a lot faster for them to deliver the food rather than you picking it up. I say this because all the times I've ordered for pick up, I had to wait and extra 20 minutes for my pizza to actually be ready. However, it seems they move a little quicker for you when they are delivering. I'm not complaining though. I just now refuse to pick up from them.  I don't care for their salads. Don't think I've ordered anything else besides these two items. But a million and one stars on this mouth watering pie to which I've turned all my friends on!Delicious THIN pizza.  I had a plain slice, which was huge.  Next time I think a garlic knot will be a great accompany.Consistently good pizza pies delivered. Thin crust and pie has a sweetness to it. Nothing fancy just good.Picked up a 26" primavera pizza to go!  Delicious and a great deal, :). 
Only complaint is that the pizza took kind of a long time.. Although while waiting they were very cool. And they get lots of business, so the good is fresh!Best pizza we've had in Philly. Good thin crust with amazing sauce! We've tried a lot of different places in Philly and Lazaro's has become our go to.Stopped in here for a few slices to-go after work. Didn't realize the slices were GINORMOUS! The size does not compromise the taste. I had two slices of plain cheese ($5.50) and it was delicious. Cash only!You want a good f#%ing pizza? Lazaro's has it. Jumbo slices. Really great sauce and cheese on their pizzas. Service is fine. Def my new go-to pizza place in Philly.I was so very hopeful when I ordered Lazaro's last night after reading the great reviews but alas, the pizza was not that great. It was limp, very greasy, and tasted a little off. I also ordered the garlic knots which were just balls of bread minus any garlic. Heartbreaking. Kind of like the time when I was 12 and found out that Santa did not exist (I believed in Santa Claus for an awkward amount of time). I will not rest until I find great delivery pizza in the Rittenhouse area. This just isn't it.I used to be a local but now, living in DC, I miss my philly pizza.  I stopped in at Lazaro's on a whim, hungry and with few options open on new year's.  I wish I had just kept going! I really don't understand the positive reviews of this place.  My slice with basil and fresh mozz was completely tasteless aside from the overly sweet sauce.  The dough is not even close to the chewy, flat and delicious crust I associate with philly pizza.  Lazaro's is airy, worst I've ever had. My s.o. had stromboli and it was just folded over meat pizza. Again with the sweet sauce and airy dough.  Not worthy of being called stromboli. Cannoli, don't even get me started.  Disappointment all around.Pizza smelled amazing but cheesesteak was recommended  Apparently the person who recommended this cheesesteak had never eaten one before... Garlic knots get an A, perfect flavor, fresh, 3 for $1.50; cs gets a C from me, B from SO - came out soggy, canned shrooms, cheese not evenly distributed but roll was tasty, meat was juicy, peppers were good. Def coming back for pizza at some point in the future.  Odd store front, though - order on one side, then go outside and in another door to sit where they bring you your food and you can eat.  Works for me, but odd.Great pizza. Huge slices. This is one of my go to places for sliced in Center City.   Maybe the only pizza place in the area to make a double decker pizza.Lazaro's pizza is great pizza for a great price. Great customer service too!! Once ordered a pepperoni pizza and it arrived slightly burnt. I called back and let them know about it and they surprised us with a brand new pizza! This is my go to pizza joint!They have great pizza, great cheese steaks, and great desserts. Their pizza sauce is on the sweeter side, but sometimes that's what I'm looking for. They take a little longer but now that I know to expect that I don't mind it. Their only problem is they only accept cash! I rarely carry cash so I always have to be sure to make a trip to an ATM first.There was some confusion on my order, but they promptly sent me a second pizza with the correct toppings without any trouble or hustle. The pizza was great, fresh and with tasty tomato sauce. Recommended to others and will be getting pizza from here againNot what is use to be, no cheese on my cheese steak-  (where is the cheese????), weird staff, speaking in Arabic laughing  - obnoxious to the customers!! What happened to the nice Italian pps that use to work there- they new how to make pizza and cheesteaks.. and how to treat customers with respect!!!! I'm soo disappointed, will never go there again. One attribute- their fries are good.Worst customer service and extremely rude over the phone. Their pizza is not God's gift to earth for them to be so aggressively rude to anyone,when I simply was inquiring about my order after it was over an hour late. And I live 5 minutes away.
So if your looking for terrible service, please go ahead and try this place! I'm sure they will deliver you with the same pathetic service I received.A large pie is 18". The crust is delicious. The sauce is sweet and tangy.
Other foods like greek salad with chicken, buffalo wings, calzones always excellent.
Service is good and delivery is offered to the neighborhood. Lazaros pizza is the very best in Center city, maybe the Whole City.Today was the first and last time that I will ever go to Lazaros. Out of hunger and a craving for pizza we headed to the closest place around and ended up here. The place was really busy, which I took as a sign for some great pizza but I was very disappointed. My friend and I ordered a sausage pizza with green peppers and there was nothing special about it. The sausage wasn't very good and just tasted as if they had come prepackaged and frozen, the cheese and sauce were just okay, and the dough was just eh.The layout of the restaurant is just plain odd (they should really consider putting a better connection from the dining room to the main room). They also never offered us plates or utensils, which is just odd. I was a bit taken aback by all of the positive reviews of this place because it really was nothing special. I guess if you're in the mood for something quick and cheap this is the place to go but it's not a restaurant that I would visit again.Worst pizza I've ever had.  We got half cheese and half supreme and it was soggy and bland.This is our "I'm too tired to cook, what should we order?" place.  Our favorite is the eggplant and tomato.  I love the thin slices with crispy crust, although it is true that the sauce is sometimes a little too sweet.  When I need some comfort food, I order the eggplant parmesan sandwich, so cheesy and flavorful with awesome bread.  The chicken parmesan is definitely not as good (the chicken is like the processed chicken finger type).  The delivery is fast and the guy who answers the phone is always nice and says "you got it" :)Finally ordered some full pies - delicious as expected. The wings, on the other hand, were kind of disappointing. There was a good amount of meat, and they were crispy, but I like them swimming in sauce. These were pretty dry (not the meat, just lacking in sauciness), but not bad enough to drop a star.
We also recently had the chicken and spinach wrap (super cheesy/garlicky) and Greek salad with grilled chicken strips (very good for a pizza/sandwich shop). I'd recommend either if you're looking for a quick fix.BEST PHILLY PIZZA....forget Lorenzos, move up the street and go Lazaros. Don't believe me?...let me tell ya a story about a guy we''ll call him  Josh( thats what his mother named him)  He is a vagabond... he might be in prague or echo park. He might be dead, until your phone rings"Hey i'm in philly"  Josh blows into town a couple times a year and when he is here he would eat Lorenzos pizza every day. josh digs pizza! so a couple weeks ago i have over the house and we order Lazaros, giant slice of cheesy pizza love...result "F**K lorenzos " says Josh.I am a pizza fan. I tried Lazaro's after reading all the reviews. The large slices are great and a good amount of cheese to cover every inch of the slice. The sauce was a bit too sweet for my taste. Also, I loved that it was a very thin slice just wish it had a crunch to it, it was more so soggy. Over all it was ok and if I'm in the area I might go back. But I have also had better.Classic slice well worth the few singles. Dig the toppings availability, and during the day they usually have a soccer game on in the empty room next door. Lazaros far superior to LorenzosWhatever, son.  Yo shit is cheap, but your sauce is waaayy too sweet.  And your delivery dude left me an expletive laden voicemail just because I passed out before my food was delivered.  If he had called me "you fucking drunk" instead of "you fucking bitch" I might kick up the extra star...Amazing pizza, sauce, garlic knots, speedy delivery, reason a  5 star was not given. Placing order difficult. Phone rang and rang. Hung up called again. Placed delivery order with a rude Arabic man.Delivery brought me a pretty soggy and unappetizing pizza.  Although the ingredients were fresher than Dominoes or Papa John's, the price wasn't right for what I got.  Maybe pick-up would prove worthier of their high ratings?If you live in Center City West, this should be your go-to pizza joint.  Huge slices (or huge pizzas if you're with friends) with a slightly sweet and unique sauce and a deliciously thin crust.  I also have to say that when I am in the mood for wings, I call Lazaro's.  Their wings are HUGE and their buffalo sauce doesn't taste like the watery run of the mill crap you get at most pizza joints in Philly.  It has some zip to it and goes great with their meaty wings.  They also have a very nice (and cheap) garden salad which is big enough for 2 as well as pretty good chicken fingers (try em buffalo style!) and fries.Super fast delivery and an OK pizza, but I didn't like the sauce because it was sweet. I prefer more authentically Italian pizza with a sauce that has some oregano flavor. Just not my cup of tea...Based on the other reviews, I decided to try the eggplant/tomato pizza.  Wow, it really is so good!  Fried bits of eggplant, basil, and tomato...you also don't notice the sweetness of the sauce on this pizza.  I got my pick up a bit late so the pizza was not piping hot, but it was still fantastic.  I cannot wait to get this again!!Good pizza but not great. Over killed with onions and kinda card-board like pizza but that's just my opinForget Gino's.  Pat's is gone.  Lorenzo's ~  get real.
For a real Philly cheesesteak, it's Lazaros all the way.  Perfect amount of meat & cheese.  The roll is great.  And it's a nice touch that orders are always ready in 20 minutes & they always include napkins & Heinz ketchup packets in the togo bag.  Also, there is a sitting room so you can dine in.
Slices are expensive, but worth it.  I love the white, ricotta & tomato.  Or for a real treat, they have double slices; it's two slices in one!  Get the sausage, pepperoni & ham.  
Lorenzo's is all that a steak/pizza shop should be.best pizza in all of philly maybe. also... GARLIC KNOTS!!! if pizza is Heaven, which we all know that it is, than Lazaro's garlic knots are lil doughy clouds floating in pizza heaven.This probably is the best pizza spot in Philadelphia.  Lorenzos used to be, but after the rebuild it hasn't been the same. Try Lazaros plain cheese and the buffalo chicken pizza.  If it's good enough for Monee Davis it's good enough for you. Don't be a communist, eat Lazaros.Since you asked for it - I have mixed reviews about this place. I think their pizza can be classified as either "not my style" or "bad" - the sweet sauce doesn't seem to work and I just wasn't impressed with shape, taste, texture, etc. It's also annoying that they don't take credit cards, especially for really large delivery orders (even if it was for only two people wanna fight about it?) it's god damn 2014, quit being cheap and pathetic. They also forgot my Sprite and for the first time ever, because it's Sprite, I called and asked that they bring it, which they did and were apologetic, so that's a plus. 
The reason it reaches 3 stars - the calzones are terrific - gigantic, tasty, fluffy, cheesy, meaty, this is a really good calzone, end of story.
Get the calzone or get out of town, that is all.
PS - cheeze whiz cheese fries were a solid B for delivery, that's good.I miss this place. I used to live only a 3 blocks away but now i am stuck in fairmount where no pizza place compares. I love their thin pizza. I love pizza! They do it right. I wish there was more seating but i'll get over it because there pizza is so good. I like the white pizza with tomatoes! YUM YUM!No matter how many times I've tried ordering from here, their pizza is just soggy and soft.  The thin crust is nice, but its just way too floppy.  I have even asked for it well done as others have suggested...just didn't work for me.  
On the other hand, their garlic knots are amazing.  get a dozen...now. don't wait.So if you haven't heard of the philly taco, a magazine quoted it as a 22" individual slice of Lazaro's pizza, then wrap that around a steve's cheese steak from just down the street - preferably with taco-like toppings done up on the steak.  Pretty sure it's roulette for your heart, but that's what it is.
As far as Lazaro's pizza, while I appreciate its flavor, I felt like the plain cheese is missing salt, which is probably a good thing, just not the flavor I was expecting.  Great chewy crust, tasty... Not my all time favorite though.The Jumbo pizza is hilarious, but unwieldy.  They make it because they can, not because they should.
The pizza is generally very good.  The sauce is key (I think they use cherry tomatoes because it's on the sweeter side).  
However, when I get  delivery the pizza is almost (or already) cold.
Invest in some of those insulated bags and you get another star, Mr. Lazaro.Ordered on Sunday. 7:30 PM. Delivery came in 30-45 minutes. 
We had two large pizzas: one with all kinds of veggies and sausage and another with tomato slices and cheese. 
Crust: We chose the thin kind. And it was CRISP. This place certainly wasn't trying to convince me that more dough = more food. I have my starch limits. 
Wings: Ugh. I hate these little money suckers, accompanied by pathetic pieces of slightly warm (WHERE'S THE CRISP?!) celery. And strange interpretations on bleu cheese and ranch dressings.
I don't order out often, but our total was $50 for two yummy large pizzas and 24 so-so wings + 15% tip + delivery fee. Split with 3 hungry boys and the girl-who-eats-two-slices.
But there CAN be a next time. Screw the delivering.Pretty good pizza if you're looking for something quick! Their sauce is on the sweeter side, not terrible. Adding some red pepper flakes will make it just right. Pizza slice was thin, large, and cheap. Their dining area is in the next door over from where you order, little weird but it was quiet.decent steak.  good pizza.  very consistent.  some items are threes, some are fours but you know what you will get.  also, if you want to find out the score of a soccer game that you didn't know was even being played, check out the tv while you wait to grab your food.I would say overall... I feel like "eh" about it. I ordered for it to be delivered... the pizza was nothing special or jaw dropping delicious. 
It was decent tasting pizza - oddly enough I've ordered twice the same sized pizza, same toppings (white pizza with tomato and basil).... and somehow the price changes. I wonder why that is and when I ask the guy taking the order on the phone, I get really mumbled english that's stern and at the end the only thing that is clear out of that explanation is "... So that's why, you understand?".... :-/   (uh sure...whatever)
Eh. Customer service is whatever. Pizza is decent. If you're needing a pizza place to order from right quick, that's going to satisfy your basic hunger needs but not blow you out of the water to want to order there the next day. Lazaro will suffice.Order the white pizza with tomato and basil.  You won't order anything else on the menu from then on.  For a former NY-er this is about as close as you get to home.  Thin crispy crust, fresh mozz, simple, straightforward, and good.  Do not fear the size of each slice.  It will get consumed.
Sadly, they are not open at 2am, which is the best time to eat a proper NY pizza, and they sometimes run out of the white pizza in the last hour before they close, leaving me heartbroken and hungry after work.  The other items on the menu, while tasty, do not satisfy the NY-pizza-craving in the same way.  
Mr. R, on the other hand, vouches for their cheesesteaks and will not order anything else on the menu.Went here the other day and I wish they accepted card payment instead of having us use the atm but other than that great pizza!Good spot. Huge slices are heated up well in the oven and always warmed through. The place get pretty busy so the slices are typically pretty fresh. Usually have a few specialty slices too. The dining room is next door and usually pretty empty as most people usually order out. Overall one of the better places in that area of the city!Decent pizza arrived on time. Has a nice thin crust but but pizza has a pretty sweet tomato sauce flavor, if that's what you like then you will like this place. I personally like my pizza with sauce that's not so sweet.The 26" Jumbo size is NO JOKE.  I warn you that if you order this for pick up, you'll want a second person to help you carry it back home (if you're walking).  
Got the jumbo with pepperoni and mushroom and had pizza for days.  But it's solid, delicious and leftovers keep well.  The cheese is nice and gooey and runny instead of gummy.  Decent crust although it could have been a little more crisp (nothing a minute in the frying pan at home can't fix though).
I'd say Lazaro's has a slight edge over Randazzo's right across the street, but it's not a huge difference.  Granted though, I can only comment on the pizza.Good spot. Huge slices are heated up well in the oven and always warmed through. The place get pretty busy so the slices are typically pretty fresh. Usually have a few specialty slices too. The dining room is next door and usually pretty empty as most people usually order out. Overall one of the better places in that area of the city.I'm a big fan of Lazaro's pizza. First is the size of their slices, they are huge! The pizza is very thin but I like it that way. The crust is always crispy without it being like cardboard. Their sauce to cheese ratio is spot on as well. Their sauce I believe to be an acquired taste, it is on the sweet end.  I do not care for their sausage, pepperoni or bacon as they do not serve pork. I enjoy their white and buffalo chicken the best. It is south street so don't expect to find parking easy. I will surely be back. Solid 4 stars.Decent pizza, but have had better pizza in Arizona.  Tip: if delivering to a hotel, at least bring napkins!Lazaros' buffalo chicken pizza is must try for any buffalo pizza fan.  Best (buffalo) I've had in or outside of philly.  Just about everything I've had there has been good (pizza slices are big and thin, sim& their delivery is very fast & very reliable.   Great neighborhood pizza place.
qThe sandwiches are ok, the pizza I didn't care for at all. The sauce has a sweet taste and pizza sauce should never be sweet.  Will never order pizza from here again.Best pizza in Philly! I've always gone here since I moved to Philly 5 years ago. Love the thin crust, big giant slices! The sauce tasted a little sweeter than usual last time, but I can't be mad at you