Whenever I go down Walnut street to visit friends at Ubiq and Puma or to do some shopping along the street, I always pass by the fortress exterior of the super famous and uber classy Frech restaurant, Le Bec Fin. The door was always closed whenever I'd pass by it, keeping out unwanted onlookers and tourists from the secrets that lie in the restaurant behind it filled with old money, music stars, financiers and trust fund babies as they ate lavish meals on diamond encrusted silverware.
Or at least that's what I always thought in my head.
I had a chance to grab lunch at Le Bec Fin for the first time with Jeannie and some of her friends, Frank, Albert and Judith prior to hitting up a friend's wedding outside of Philly. All of us aside from Judith have lived in and around Philly for years, but have never had the food inside this dining hypebeast. It was about time.
When we walked in at 12pm on Saturday, the place was all but deserted aside from 4 other people. The room was quiet and looked like it should've belonged in a castle or something with the chandeliers and oil paintings hanging in the restaurant. We joked that someone should be in the corner peddling self portrait oil paintings done as you eat. Unfortunately, I thought it would have been bustling with energy and rich beautiful people. Unfortunately, we were the only ones really making any sort of noise in the room.
The service was pretty impressive, friendly and courteous along with pseudo French accents. They would bring out each dish carried by one person in a long train and open up the dishes at the same time in front of us. It has this weird synchronized effect that was both interesting and bizarre.
We all ordered the lunch prefix menu which featured 4 dishes and the oh so famous dessert cart. Each dish was well crafted and looked quite picturesque. I thought I'd be hungry afterwards considering the size of each dish, but surprisingly, the food was very filling.
Considering everything though, I think the experience was generally good, but not worth the hefty price tag for lunch. Also, the crowd was pretty disappointing to me. It was empty in the beginning. Then, it started to fill with the rich and white older crowd. Talk about a snore fest.
It was good finally taking the mask off of Le Bec Fin, and overall the food and experience was pleasant, but not enough to clobber the hype.You've got your Brooks Brothers tie and your Valentino jacket - the perfect combination of a bold stripe shirt and a "solid colored or discreetly patterned suit and tie." Your Prada shoes were recently polished by the dry cleaner down the street.. Your Burberry scarf is wrapped around your neck, and wound tightly around your arm is the most recent cover model for French Vogue. 
Dorisia closed a few years ago, and you're no where near a Roubouchon restaurant. But you're not worried. Because tonight? Tonight you're going to Le Bec-Fin. You're taking your latest hard body to the (most unforgettable, last?) meal of her life. 
Seven courses of the most delicate French-American cuisine is sure to please anyone and even the most slender of models will surely enjoy a crab cake composed entirely of MEAT (MEAT CRAB MEAT...no BONE...only MEAT). She's sure to swoon over the frothy mushroom cappuccino and the dreamily tender and passionately deep red center of expertly seasoned and delicately sliced wagu beef. (There's no pork loin with lime jello though...sorry.) 
But there's cheese, drenched in wine - a French name (or was it Spanish? Italian?) that eludes you now...potent and delicate... indescribably clean. This is what you do your morning routine of 1000 stomach crunches for. 
And the dessert? The sampler of 10 - or was it 20 - desserts is sure to woo the lady back to Paul Allen's apartment - not your own. Youv'e got to keep it clean...copacetic. Besides, Paul's in London, right? (Timothy Bryce would have willingly given up that artificial sweetener had he indulged in rich chocolate cake - the signature of the pastry chef, deeper and more luscious than any cacao consumed before.) 
...even that snippity little goose Marcus Halberstram cannot compete with you. You are an entity unto yourself. The idea of you exists. Therefore you exist...and she - your model - exists...at least for as long as the 7 courses at Le Bec-Fin remain.My mother and I went to Philadelphia to the Cezanne Exhibit at the Philadelphia Museum Of Art. Since it was her 76th birthday I decided to take her to Le Bec Fin for dinner. We had a reservation for 7:30 PM.. We took a taxi from our hotel which took some maneuvering as our first driver asked us where Le Bec Fin was, how would we know it was our first time in Philadelphia?! After our hotel securing a second taxi for us, with a driver that was more customer friendly, we arrived at our destination at exactly 7:30 PM.. We were politely received by a lovely hostess who seated us promptly in the back corner of the dining room facing into the dining room. The sommelier brought us a bottle of George Perrier's label Champagne, wished my mother a Happy Birthday and poured us each a glass, delicious! We were served a wonderful assortment of artisan breads. We decided rather quickly on the Prix Fixe Menu. We were served a lovely Amuse Bouche from the chef, a fresh crab mixture lightly seasoned with tarragon in a lemon glaze. It was amazing! The champagne was the perfect compliment to the crab. Our first course was a goat cheese and zucchini terrine with sardines with an ever so light lavender vinaigrette. Very nice. More sips of Champagne and soaking in the beautiful atmosphere, simply elegant and truly French in every way, we began the next course of Pan Seared Diver Sea Scallops with Grilled White Asparagus, Grapefruit Gastrique and Sauce Gribiche, the scallops were melt in your mouth perfect! Our sommelier filled our Champagne again and was extremely helpful in choosing a wine to compliment both of the entrees, I selected the Braised Wild Striped Bass with Morel Mushrooms, Celery Root & Soy brown Butter Emulsion while my mother chose the Prime Strip Loin with Olives, Saffron Cipollini Onions, Toasted Almonds,Spring Vegetable Fricassee with Argan Oil, both entrees were superb, cooked perfectly and nicely portioned. Our waiter was a pleasant, efficient young man named , the person who really shined was David our Cheese Master, amazing, kind, patient and informative. The cheese cart is the "piece de resistance" of Le Bec Fin, every cheese as delicious as the last, amazing a selection as I have ever seen! David was so kind as to honor our request and list our cheese selection for us of our favorites. If we hadn't reached our gastronomic peak by this time then came the famous dessert cart, still beautiful at 10:00p.m.. Also a selection like I have never seen and all delicious, my favorite, the chocolate hazelnut meringue cake was an amazing creation, soft, crunchy and multi flavored at once! Coffee and my mothers first Frangelico ended the meal with a visit from George himself as authentically French as the transformation of our whole evening!! He shared very graciously some of his techniques and wished my mother a "Happy Birthday", how much happier could anyone be? 
FIVE STARS IN MY OPINION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The next day we went to every cheese shop in Philadelphia and found George's favorite cheese and a new found favorite of mine at Di Bruno Brothers at the Italian Market. 
As for the Philadelphia magazine giving Le Bec Fin 46 out of the 50 top, Merde to you, Le Bec Fin put Philadelphia on the Culinary Map, show some respect!This is a long overdue review that is based on my experience in 2007. 
At the time, and to date, the service at Le Bec Fin is the most memorable dining experience I've had the pleasure of enjoying, surpassing 1-star Michelin restaurants that I have since visited. It was a special night for me, as it was the evening I proposed to my wife (now of 5+ years). Calling earlier in the day the hostess agreed to accept and store a flower delivery and have our waiter bring them to the table. They were also ready to retrieve the ring and bring it out under a domed plate with "Will you marry me?" written in chocolate. In the end I couldn't handle waiting through that whole meal, so I got down on one knee after the wine was poured. She said yes, everyone applauded, and I was able to sit back and love every minute of the prix fixe menu at the time. The overall service was spectacular, the right mix of invisible but attentive. Domed plates came out to the right guest, revealed simultaneously (even at larger tables we witnessed). As far as the food goes, every course was great, but the 5-foot tall, rolling dessert cart stole the show! I still remember the server saying "My name is Chris and I'm everyone's favorite." It must be true if I know his name 6 years later!! 
I have heard that things have changed here, so my review is not current. But I still wanted to share my story.Restaurant week. Me. Le Bec Fin @ lunch = oh so, not so bad combo.
My eats: escargots in butter, poached salmon with celery root puree, and the creme brulee.  The waitstaff was nice, attentive, and very professional.  Our food came in a timely manner, and our bread plates were always not-empty of house baked bread (?)  The escargots were as expected.  My salmon was ordered medium rare, but came out over well done ( sad face); however, I really liked the celery root puree.  And the creme brulee????  Drool.  I would come back just for the creme brulee alone. 
The food was decent to good.  The service was good.  These guys should count on seeing my face there again, especially if they keep it up w the creme brulee...This place has been the benchmark of fine French cuisine not only in Philadelphia but also the country for as long as I can remember.  I only started eating there recently but can say that it lives up to the hype.  For those on a budget definitely check out le bar lyonais down stairs.  Same quality food at more friendly prices.  I go just for the desert plate!Oh boy.....never meet your heroes. 
Caveat, this is a restaurant week review so that might have skewed things a bit. I imagine that its a completely different experience when youre dropping $125 a meal instead of $35. With that said, on with the show....
I've been wanting to come here for a WHILE now. I wanted to experience the certain, what the French call, je nais se quoi of a big boy French restaurant. So, tonight, we threw on our Sunday best and the misses and I hopped in the car and went to see how the other half lives. 
Some people have commented on the "Frenchness" of Le-Bec Fin, but after being greeted by our Asian hostess and sat by our non French caucasian...uh, "seater," and given bread and water by our two mexican servers, I got a decidedly united nations feel instead of a french one. No biggie, that doesn't affect the score in any way, shape or form, just an observation. 
We were sat and got to the business of ordering: for appetizers it was the Cauliflower veloute and snails in garlic butter sauce. For entrees, salmon and seared diver scallops and for dessert, 2 creme brulees. 
"Underwhelmed" doesn't do it justice. The world renowned snails were TINY and chewy. Although they were cooked perfectly, and they were HUGE, the diver scallops just didn't wow me in anyway. The cauliflower veloute and creme brulee were quite tasty however. 
Again, I think the Restaurant Week thing completely changed the dynamic of this place. When you think of Le-Bec Fin, you think of snooty french garcons in tuxedos with pencil thin mustaches bringing out plates covered with silver platters and removing them with a flourish and a waft of steam. Not a tiny mexican woman giving you a hard sourdough roll while you wait for your chewy snails and bland salmon. The silverware didn't even match and I'm positive that my knife handle was PLASTIC! At a restaurant that charges $180 for a course option. Based on this performance, there is NO way I could recommend ponying up the big cash to go here during "regular" times, but I'm sure you would get at least a slightly upgraded experience. 
Our meals and 2 glasses of wine came to $91 before tip. My wife said that she would have been happier at Applebees. Ouch. But, it WAS a pretty subpar dining experience.Gorgeous dining room.  Amazing lounge downstairs.  Very friendly servers but restaurant week is just crazy and annoying in this place.  Beautiful dishes and my boyfriend had one of the servers bring me a freshly cut flower from one of their bouquets, which I don't know how he managed, but it was all very romantic and expensive.  Their wine is not cheap!  Really beautiful experience but I wish they didn't pack so many people in here at once.I'm a little confused as to some of the lower reviews for Le BecFin (restaurant week may not be the best time for a review).  My visit was nothing but exceptional.  I'm especially confused regarding the complaints on prices.  Everything from the valet to the foie gras, to the dessert cart seemed like a bargain compared to Manhattan, Vegas or Napa restaurants.  Certainly Le BecFin doesn't pay Manhattan rent, but their ingredients were top notch.
My foie gras was the largest serving I've ever seen (two giant lobes approx. 3-4 oz each) and accompanied by an extremely decadent sauce that seemed equal parts red wine reduction and gravy.   Thank you Chef Perrier for not giving in to the anti-foie "activists."  The dessert cart was another highlight of the meal, offering up several fantastic cakes and treats and ensures that no diner will leave less than completely stuffed. 
Service and ambiance were as good as any I've experienced apart from maybe two or three restaurants.  We were seated a little close to the door, but spaced well apart from other diners.  Will be back again and again.Wonderful food !...We did the 4 course menu and we thoroughly enjoyed each one.
The escargot with its delicious sauce was great.  The other highlights were the Halibut and Wagyu Beef ($ supplement).  The desserts were equal to the task.  We had the black forest and chocolate ginger cake - both delicious !
I would give it a 5 star, but thought the service, while friendly, lacked a little something.  Our main waiter just seemed a little distant and impersonal, rather than engaging and enthusiastic.   The others - from our hostess, other wait staff, to the man from Brittany who hailed a cab for us - were otherwise great.
They did provide a dessert sampler for my husband who was celebrating his birthday, and as we departed the restaurant, all the staff greeted us with both a good bye and a happy birthday - nice touch again.
A must dining experience for Philadelphia.
***oh, and we got to meet Msr. Perrier himself which was a treat.My recent experience at Le Bec Fin was just not up to par for what historically has been a terrific restaurant and experience.
Granted, we made our reservation day-of, so were sequestered to the basement bar/dining room, which was ok with mom (on her birthday).  We have been dining here since bro and I were kids and had come to appreciate the experience associated with LBFin. 
Our table was as good as could have been expected and we were surprised to see Monsieur Perrier (Owner/Chef) seated next to us. We soon realized he was having a meeting with some of the staff at the table. I am not one for pomp and circumstance (probably why I left Gladwyne for San Francisco), but one of his companions was wearing jeans and sneakers while I was sweating in my wool suit...He was crass with several of his passer-by staff and asked questions of them that we thought really inappropriate like "have you been pushing more wine?"  
I don't have the time to begin about our waiter and the feeble attempt at French service - but let's just say at one point mom had to walk into the kitchen to get someone to help us - even IHOP has someone on hand in the dining room at all times...One from our table had to say goodbye in an uncomfortable scene hugging and walking out before we could get our bill.
We don't even care about the overpriced, brown dishes presented to us and poor follow-through on service - just that we wasted such an important day with our mother when a BBQ in the back yard could have meant so much more...
Not for special occasions anymore, if ever...I enjoyed my dishes, service, ambiance and time with friends there last night. We ordered several bottles of wine from the sommelier selection list - French Bordeaux from 2003. It was very light so it complimented most of our dishes. I started with the lobster salad that you will just have to try - was more of a lobster cake with slices of grapefruit. My entree was the new jersey striped bass with greens and a nice dark wine based sauce that was cooked just right. All the desserts I tasted off of other people's plates were very good - I will have to say that the hazelnut cake was my favorite. They also gave us plates of small dessert bites that were delicious! Service was great and with 17 people in the group, they easily accomodated the 8 credit cards and cash when it was time to pay the bill.My husband and I went to Le Bec Fin for a special occasion, and it was well worth it. I was a little nervous they were not going to be able to live up to all the hype, but the food was absolutely delicious. Everything from the appetizers to the perfectly cooked fish, to the delicious dessert cart. Yum, it makes me hungry just thinking about it again! Honestly, it wasn't even as expensive as we anticipated. The average entree was about $30 each. 
The ambiance of the restaurant is truly glamorous, and opulent. I loved it since it was so different than anywhere else we've been in the city. It's not somewhere we will frequent often, but we will definately be back to celebrate something in the future.This has to be the dream/vision of Antoine Beauvilliers book L'Art du Cuisinie.  And it is the anchor of Walnut Street's Restaurant Row.
The restaurant oozes elegance and sophistication, with locals as well as visitors from around the world. Crystal chandeliers suspended from 20-foot high ceilings shed grace upon an urbane space framed in muted beige, micro-suede walls. 
Black-garbed servers proud to carry on a cultivated, renowned tradition are attentive and ubiquitous. It is worth going with a large group to see the waiters, with drill team like execution, place the covered plates at your table and then simultaneously lift the covers - a sort of ta da moment.  This is second only to the presentation of the desert cart and the cheese cart - pick as many pieces as you want as the waiter loads your plate down - and yes - a little more of that fabulous fruit tart.  Don't be embarrassed - at the prix fixe prices you deserve all you want.For as much money as they charge for that meal, I was totally underwhelmed. The only really excellent thing I had there was gnocchi. It was light and fluffy as air. Unfortunately, it came with a fish that was not deboned. For that much money I expect them to take the bones before it arrives at the table. (I know it's the french way, but that doesn't make it less stupid or annoying.) Go to monk's or morton's or pat's and save yourself about $300. Including the wine, the bill for two came to $500, but the wine was really good. Le Bec-fin is a lot of french frou-frou BS. I'd rather have a chicken parm.Maybe I was expecting more, or maybe it's just because it was Restaurant Week, but I was pretty underwhelmed by my LBF experience except for a few things.
The escargot was amazing. As soon as it was placed in front of me, I was blown away by just the smell of the broth...and it tasted even better. And the creme brulee? Perfect. And I'm not even a fan of dessert, generally.
I ordered the flat iron steak as an entree - portion was tiny and I wasn't really impressed by it. Also, the bread they served seemed stale...but the butter was good. 
Typical classic French interiors - chandeliers, gilt, and so on. I wanted to experience and like this place a lot since it is closing soon, but it just didn't really live up to my expectations. Maybe if I come on a regular day and not for Restaurant Week.Was here a year ago, before I joined Yelp, and had a lovely dinner.  Gorgeous dining room.  Attentive service.  Food was good to very good, well-prepared but not particularly inventive or excellent.  I enjoyed dinner but it didn't leave me wanting to return. Dessert cart was sweet.Well, at long last, I can scratch Le Bec Fin off my to-do list.  Finally, I was able to justify the expense...  My husband & I celebrated his birthday by attending Chef Georges Perrier's Chef's table last night.
The main dining room is amazingly gorgeous.  What a place for a wedding or party!  We were seated in a slightly less glam area at the front of the house at a long table for 20.  (17 in all)
Perrier is running a special all summer Mon. - Thurs.  (20 seats per night) a "pay what you wish" 5 course set menu.  If you can, ACT FAST and get in on it before August is over.
The first course was the chilled pea soup from the regular menu.  Very good - but no way I would have ordered this in real life.  It was pluched with a dollop of almond ice cream which was heavenly.  (Made up for the fact that it's pea soup.)
2nd course was a single seared scallop.  DH & I are not scallop lovers - in fact, DH won't touch 'em so he had a salade ennui (boring salad) in its place.  I forced myself to eat the scalop and it was, indeed, perfectly cooked and surprisingly good (for a scallop fan I bet they'd LOVE it.).
3rd course was a slightly overcooked white fish called Limon (like a fluke or flounder).  I was looking so forward to this course and it was sauced with a lemon foam and plated over a few fava beans (yummy), chanterelles (a bit salty to my taste) and a tasteless hazlenut puree - the consistency and color of putty.
4th course was the best (save for dessert which was REALLY the best.) - a rare hanger steak.  3 -4 morsels in a decadent bordelaise (or was it a red wine/demi glace reduction?).  The sauce was lick-the-plate worthy.
And for dessert one of the BEST classic creme brulee.  Lightly laced with Gran Marnier and a crispy top.
Service was very attentive UNTIL the end when we needed our check.  At about 9:45 PM nearly everyone (there were several waitstaff) disappeared.
The Chef came out to our table prior to and during service and was collegial and utterly charming.  (Really.)  It helped that I speak un peu de francais and was seating next to a lovely, fluent, Belgian woman.  (Merci, Madame!)
Will I return?  Oh yes - but not in a hurry.  I would simply like to sit in the bar downstairs and have desserts off that AMAZING dessert cart (not part of our meal, alas).  That opera cake has my name on it!
Bien Fait!
Oh - and don't laugh but I actually drank (again don't laugh) a Mojito with my meal (I know, I know - in a French restaurant) and it was GREAT.  And it was $10.  My husbands manhattan was $12.  They do not serve Veuve Cliquot - which was what I was jonesin' for.Having heard some of the "it's just not the same" talk, I confess that I had guarded expectations for our celebration dinner. I did have great memories of Georges' place from years ago but knew that this version was going to be different. And it was - because it was much, much better. It was a truly phenomenal meal. Two of us had the tasting menu , the other two ordered a la carte. Everything we ate was fantastic, from the sunchoke to the soup to the fois gras (I'm normally not a fan but this was amazingly delicious) to the filet (the best beef I have eaten in my life, and so delicately seasoned that I have no idea how) to the cheeses. The service was perfect - friendly, helpful, attentive without at all being overbearing or off-putting. Yes, it is very pricey, and so it is a rare treat. But the experience was so wonderful that I was happy to pay the price.This establishment has great service, knowledgeble staff, and put great detail into the dishes.  It has its nostalgia with a modern touch, therefore its a good place to take a date.  The food did not knock me out of my seats, which I thought it would be better given their reputation.  That being said, the price for the tasting menu was appropriate for the quality and preparation of the food.  I actually enjoyed the dessert tasting more.  Would I go again?.....Maybe a special occasion?  Not sure.Let me get this out of the way quickly: overall, this is easily one of the best restaurant experiences I've had in Philadelphia. I'm very particular when it comes to food preparation and presentation, environment and atmosphere and service, and this place easily passed muster.
My friend and I enjoyed the 5 Course Degustation with a 4 glass wine pairing for only $85 each?! Amazing! And did the quality of anything suffer for such a steal? Nope!
Asparagus Risotto with Duck Confit & Preserved Lemon Emulsion (8/10), really great, a very simple starter, the lemon really made the dish, although my friend's had twice the amount of meat as mine I was still very happy... 
Roasted Diver Scallop with Kohlrabi & Braised Radish & Diced Apple & Dill and Parsley (9/10) -- honestly I thought it could've done without pretty much everything but the apple and parsley and dill and the sauce, because the Scallop itself was just divine, almost rare in the middle but amazingly crispy and flavorful on the outside, the rest of it was just sort of perfunctory filler in my opinion. Once again my friend's dish had more of a couple ingredients than mine, but I'm not complaining...
Wild Mushroom Veloute with Steamed Milk & White Pepper (9/10) -- bold and beautiful.
I'm only going to rate my main course, because I didn't get a solid representation of my friends... But mine, the Olive Oil Poached Scottish Salmon with Beluga Lentils & Mirepoix, AMAZING, easily worth the price of admission by itself -- I ate everything else but the meat first, it was all perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned, but the Salmon itself, which I ordered medium-rare, was absolute bliss (10/10).
The desserts, oh boy, we got everything on the menu but the Creme Brulle. I got 4 choices, my friend got 4 choices. We could barely manage to eat everything, but somehow we did... It was here that I found Le Bec Fin the most old-fashioned and uninspiring, but, honestly, everything was strong and solid and satisfying.
So, the food is great, but I think what made me love this place most of all is how extremely relaxed and unpretentious it is -- it's old school, it's comfortable, at least four people answered their phones through the course of our meal but it was never a problem, nobody (including all the incredibly friendly and respectful waitstaff) was condescending or affected or pompous or arrogant -- which is a welcome relief from other similar establishments I've come across in this town previously.call me a philistine .... le bec fin is not for me.. i came here for the 6- course price fix menu bout a year ago... the food was good but apparently not too memorable b/c i can not think of anything i had that i had to have again ..3 1/2 hours and minus a small fortune later we were done thinking was it really worth it ... it was a fun experience but nothing me or my accountant r willing to go thru again....then again i know as much about french cuisine as i know bout nuclear physicsThe last time I was here was over a year ago, I found that this great restaurant was worn around the edges. I am happy to say that Le Bec is back in great form. The five course Menu Du Chef I enjoyed at lunch today was perfect in every way. The service was outstanding. Each course was explained in full, the table was beautifully set after each course. I particularly enjoyed the Hudson Valley Foie Gras. Some of the extras offered were outstanding , such as the beignet with hot chocolate. The best I have tasted. It was a retirement celebration for a good friend and the occasion was acknowledged with a card signed by everyone who served us along with the chef. The card came with a very large version of the macaroons they provide at the end of the meal along with other sweet treats. A very pleasant experience, that I would like to repeat again and again.Ka Pow!
The following speaks for itself. What a difference new Leadership can make!  The Pre-Fix Lunch Tasting Menu is probably the best bargain in the city. The menu states 5 Courses, however I am pretty sure I received many more than 5. My advice is to leave the choice up to the kitchen. I did and the experience was wonderful. Each of the following courses were as close to perfection as one could expect.  
Musque de Provence Velouté, Puffed Wheat - A delightfully full flavored Warm beginning. 
Hudson Valley Foie Gras Terrine, Brioche, Fennel, Huckleberry Jam, Aged Balsamic - Wow, the best rendition I have ever tasted. Buttery Bliss with the 2 condiments adding layers of flavor. Melt in your mouth goodness. 
Line Caught Bluefin Tuna, Cauliflower, Hazelnuts, Glazed Pearl Onions, Bell Peppers - Perfectly rare tender Blue Fin with  delicious Vegetables. 
Celeriac Agnolotti, Chestnuts, Sage -  Another well rounded plate. Beautifully presented. 
Freedom Range Poularde, Melted Cabbage, Salsify, Brussels Sprouts, Natural Jus  - Oh my this is good, real good. Melt in your mouth good. 
Genoise de Beurre Noisette, Honey Crisp Apples, Toasted Almond Ice Cream and Chai Spice  -  Fantastic, Flavor Explosion, magnificently presented.
The server then brought over a plate with 6 different bite size desserts. Each had individual bold flavors, one was better than the last.  
Coffee was served hot. Water was always filled. The service was impeccable.
I sent a thank you to this restaurant, it's employees as well as the owner. A true celebration of Dining excellence.
Prix Fixe 
Fifty Five Dollars (This is a Bargain!)What a beautiful restaurant!  My boyfriend and I went for dinner to celebrate a special occasion and it truly lived up to the hype and talk.  We decided to do the tasting menu ($120 per person/6 courses) and each dish that came out was better than the last.  We started with the signature crab cake and escargots.  My snails were great but I wish I had ordered the crab cake too...it was just magical.  After we had a fish course followed by a clever intermezzo of perfectly seasoned mushroom soup.  Everything was cook perfectly and by the time the mean course came out (wagyu beef) I was already getting full.  But you must leave room for dessert because not only is there a pre-dessert which was as gorgeous as it was tasty, but there is a dessert cart from which you can choose 2 or three 3 cakes.  
The service was excellent.  Talking to the waiters we learned that some of them have worked there for 39 years!  The owner Georges came out to personally greet each of his guests and he even did a champagne toast for a newly engaged couple.  It took almost three hours for the experience and we both lef stuffed and in such great spirits.  The bill came to just under $400 and that included the tip and two classes of wine.The first time I ate at Le Bec-Fin was at a private party during which time the main dining room was closed and we were served hoers devourers which were excellent but tiny.  My sister and I were younger and starving, and the fancy-dancy food wasn't cutting it for our poor hungry bellies.
The details are blurry, but someone must have spoken to a waiter or manager, because shortly after we were shepherded down to the veeeeery chic-chic downstairs bar/lounge that was still open for dinner, and served chicken and mashed potatoes.  Which might sound boring and an odd choice at a French restaurant, but I re-state - we were young.  And boring.  Or something.  Anyway, my point is that Le Bec-Fin can make a standard and admittedly not very interesting dinner of chicken and mashed potatoes taste like a beautiful cloud of goodness.  Mmmmmmm ... even years later as a vegetarian I can appreciate it.  
My next time eating there I bravely ordered the escargot, and it was eeeeexcellent.  I've had it elsewhere since, and it always tastes rubbery.  There, it tasted like a melting pot of wonderful flavors.  
I'm full of bizarre similes tonight.
And I love Le Bec-Fin.  Even though I've heard that Georges Perrier is scary.Overall, this place is highly overrated.
I have to say the decor/environment was nicely furnished. Very classy, with high ceilings and gold-looking finishes. 
But my major issues with this place were the use of space and food quality.
We (3 of us) were led upstairs to a small room, where it seemed like all the Asian people were placed. Seriously, I looked around and saw a room full of Asians, but when I looked down at the main room, i literally saw zero. So, first strike: these guys are racist (seriously).
Then, I couldn't help but notice how crowded this place was. Tables were crammed into this building left and right almost to the point that it felt like I was eating in a Costco. Strike 2.
Environment: 4/5
And finally, the food (semi strike 3)
Escargots (4/5): I've had snails before, though a long time ago. They were actually pretty good, but the taste was a bit strong. There were about 7-8 pieces soaking in a buttery sauce, which was eaten with a salted bun. The bread provided a great way to balance out the strong flavor of the snails. Overall, I felt the snails were cooked and seasoned well, but I wasn't a huge fan of the strong, pungent flavor (almost bitter). 
Le Bec Fin Burger (3.5/5): Honestly, very surprised to see a burger on the menu, but I decided to go for it since the only other options were mushroom ravioli (hate mushroom) and fish (also dislike fish). Burger was quite thick, which was good, but was nothing super special. It was topped with some green leaves with what tasted like vinegar, which provided an interesting mix of flavors. But it certainly wasn't worth going to a place as highly rated as this to get such a mediocre burger. Fries were thin and quite good, however.
Gateau (3/5): Very disappointing. Tasted like something I could have gotten from Allegro's. Nothing special. Was paired with a scoop of ice cream, which was kind of a saving grace.Keep in mind I went for restaurant week lunch:
I thought this place was decent, but wasn't really sure what all the fuss was about when I went.  I had a mediocre lunch which included sqash soup, ravioli, and a tarte.  The tarte was amazing though.  And as tempted as I was to give it a 3 star rating, my roommate went that night for dinner and came back saying how amazing it was.  She had tried one of the steak dishes, and us being from the midwest, we can not find good steak out here... so if she said it was good... it was good.  Especially considering how the night before she had complained about the steak at butcher and singer.  So as hard as it is for me to make a rating off of something I did not try, I trust her opinion 100% when it comes to steak. I will update my rating once I try it, but as of now, I couldn't give it three stars after hearing her rave about it...Destination: dessert cart. 
Needless to say, Le Bec Fin is a restaurant that is not meant for the everyday. It was featured in the Robb Report as one America's finest dining establishments in the Northeast. Yes. I know. This is why I couldn't believe it when my local Philly friend told me about their ludicrous dessert special. Believe me when I tell you that you can get a sample of EVERY SINGLE DESSERT on the cart for $12. Yes. $12. I know. Provided that the choice of one dessert ordered a-la-carte is something like $16 (granted, you'll get a larger piece), I don't know WHY you would order just one. 
The desserts are just heavenly. Smooth pastry creams, luscious chocolate sauces, and tender cakes with vanilla perfume were not the half of it. It was a dream to have a waiter who just kept suggesting we try this and try that and subsequently cutting into each of the dazzling array of amazing cakes. At this point, my friends and I were skeptical of our local Philly friend's insistence that the bill would be less than $10 for each of us. Unimaginable! Unthinkable! At Le Bec Fin? Sitting at Senator Specter's regular table?
Lo and behold, the dessert was $12. $12 for a piece of every single cake on the cart. $12 split among four girls. $12 for an array of amazing French cakes and pastries worthy of write-ups in food snob magazines. Needless to say, we left a hefty tip.Went for lunch with my mom during restaurant week. I couldnt make a reservation a night before, so i decided to just go and see what happen. But they really tried to squeeze us in and got us a table. The food was so good, i LOVE their signature snail appetizer and that amazingly good vanilla creme brulee. Didnt think that me and my mom would come out with full tummies but surpisingly we were so full! What a nice experience :)Le Bec Fin is your classic, conservative, "old money" restaurant , where elderly men are decked out in fine suits and speaking french to the waiters. 
It made me feel as if i were in a movie- and i definitely stood out- being the young and trendy Asian New Yorker. 
I decided to try Le Bec Fin for lunch since they offer a $35 Pri-fixe menu, which I think is great value for money for such a renowned restaurant. 
I tried the signature crab cake, and their famous filet mignon. I was impressed by the crab cake- easily the best i've tasted at any restaurant. The filet mignon was good, but I was surprised at the presentation...I got a slab of steak with pommes frites on the side-was  excellent, but i had expected something a little more refined from Georges Perrier. 
FInally, dessert was a winner. Their dessert menu would WOW dessert fanatics. Note that everything on their menu is incredibly rich. I had the caramalized bananas w/ hazelnut praline crunch- it pretty much tastes like ferrero rocher with a touch of banana. 
All in all, a solid experience...I wasn't blown away, but I would return if I feel like pretending i'm a WASP.I went to Le Bec Fin ([4+4]/4)night 4 the 40th anniversary $40 4-course tasting menu (I'm feeling four-y [read: loser], but the 4-star rating is independent of that).  I was afraid the service might be a bit stuffy, but everyone was very helpful, genuine, and approachable.  Everyone seemed knowledgeable, and we asked many more questions than usual.
We started with an amuse bouche of gazpacho gelee (jelly?) with black garlic.  It was very nicely presented but the gazpacho tasted a bit watered down compared to a gazpacho I made a couple weeks ago on a first attempt at making it.  I don't know how well a Chinese spoon of liquid gazpacho would've worked as an amuse, but I felt like presentation/novelty trumped flavor.
Next, both of us ordered octopus with chorizo two ways and pickled blueberries.  There was also some micro-greenery on the plates.  The octopus was tender and had a grilled/meaty flavor.  The chorizo puree was smooth and had great chorizo flavor, although I thought the chorizo oil was less successful--I would've preferred crisped chorizo cubes for a textural contrast, or more of the puree.  The oil seemed like something they threw together so they could say "in two preparations."  The pickled blueberries added a nice contrast, although I wondered why they chose blueberries as opposed to, say, lemon--again, I felt like there was an attempt to be novel.
I ordered roasted stuffed quail with cannellini beans and summer root vegetables (tiny cubes of carrot and something else I couldn't identify).  The quail was less rich than I'd hoped for and could've benefited from a bit more salt.  The stuffing was moist but not terribly bright in flavor.  It was good, didn't blow me away, although it was better when I slid the meat through the sauce.  I thought my friend's salmon was pretty salty, although he liked both main courses.
Next was the cheese plate, which was Comte with two thin slices of bread and a few grapes.  Other tables that did a less-cheapo menu got a much more extensive explanation of the cheeses, and I felt like it would've been a nice touch for them to put together the plates in front of us.  This was sort of a throw-away, for me.
We were supposed to get two desserts with this menu, but the dessert cart guy told us he could give us three.  Hooray!  (Also, we found out that you can come in just for the dessert cart.  $16 lets you try whatever you want, which seems like a really good deal.)  We tried the frozen Grand Marnier souffle, two different chocolate cakes (the Wendy and the Le Bec Fin), a lime mousse/raspberry dessert, the coffee cake, and something that was described as having some combination of fruit and caramel.  They all looked exquisite, and they all tasted good, although I kind of wanted some of them to be a little heavier.  If I finish dessert and don't feel like I'm going to die, I feel like it's been a failure, and I'm looking forward to crossing the threshold of morbid obesity so I can finally eat whatever I want guilt-free.  In two of the desserts, the lime/mousse raspberry one and the caramel whatever one, one flavor overpowered the rest.  I also felt the chocolate cake which was described as having a creme brulee filling tasted more like it had a marshmallow filling.
Our waiter did explain that the dishes for this menu were well-executed but not as labor-intensive and intricate as a more extensive menu because they wanted to attract new people but not throw money away.  Overall, the experience was excellent.  I was pampered without feeling smothered.  The food all looked excellent, and none of it was bad.  I felt like presentation overshadowed taste in some dishes, and it wasn't as soulful as I would've hoped for.  I hope to come back when I can convince myself to spend a lot more for the full experience.Georges Perrier, celebrity-chef owner of this jewel box, has been ruling over his domain for nearly four decades, and is very much a presence here, both behind-the-scenes and in the dining room. The elaborate interior is an homage to an elegant turn-of-the-20th-century Parisian salon setting, with a marble fireplace, pilasters containing silk inlays, and sconces on floral fabric panels amid antiqued mirrors. This isn't a drop-in-on-a-whim eatery; a set $54 lunch is served at 11:30am or 1:00pm, and dinner is offered at 6:00 and 9:00pm on weekdays, with a 9:30pm seating on Friday and Saturday nights. In the evening, you can select from two options - a six-course $138 prix fixe or, for the entire table, a degustation menu priced at $165 per person. Exquisite dishes change seasonally, with selections like scallops with marinated tomatillo and pickled watermelon, the signature galette de crabe, escargots in a champagne-hazelnut-garlic-butter sauce, and veal medallions with English pea puree and mushroom fricassee. The dessert cart includes opera cake topped with 24-karat gold leaf. A far less expensive way to savor the flavor here is to pay a visit to the lower-level Le Bar Lyonnais, with more affordable a la carte dishes from the same kitchen. Upstairs or down, diners are treated like royalty by the very professional staff.The dessert course was either a meyer lemon parfait, or a chocolate mousse.  Both were just OK, and could substitute for desserts at many fine restaurants in the city.  I was expecting a bit more creativity, but the final course was somewhat disappointing.  
As we finished dessert, our server brought some petits fours, which were great:  truffles and macaroons.  As a nice touch, though, two glasses of complimentary champage were brought to us in celebration of our 3rd anniversary together.  This was a nice surprise!
Overall, the dinner was very good, but I was surprised at the significant departure from the old Le-Bec Fin in terms of the depth and breadth of culinary preparations and execution.  I found many of the dishes to be more basic that I would have expected, as well as more diminutive than is realistic.  While the ingredients are clearly top-noth, and the preparations were done flawlessly in most cases, I left wanting a more complex dining experience.  I felt that the dishes that were prepared could have been substituted for dishes in a number of fine restaurants in Philadelphia, and were not indicative of a restaurant that is striving to the top of the Philadelphia restaurant scene, a post it held for many years.  
With ambience/décor and food quality out of the way, the final trilogy of the restaurant experience is service.  This, too, was somewhat disappointing.  While our servers were very attentive, and complied with a few minor requests we had, they seemed a bit disorganized, and clearly did not have the ability to verbalize the nuances of the menu as you might expect servers in a five start restaurant.  Several times, our server had to ask the kitchen about specific ingredient or preparation method.  This may be to the menu being somewhat in flux, I suppose, but in my past visits to Le-Bec Fin, the server was always VERY knowledgeable about the menu, ingredients, and preparation methods.  As it was, I don't think we had our table crumbed once.  Gone, along with the dessert cart and cheese cart, is the selection of bread service that the old restaurant had.  This evening we were limited to a baguette and a soft brioche-like "butter-roll" as it was described.  One addition to the bread service was a very good local butter, whipped and salted...very good, indeed!  Overall, I was expected a top-of-the-line service staff, and what I saw was passable, but not exceptional.  
Giving some credence to the fact that the restaurant is only in it's tenth day of operation under new management, chef, and menu, it's possible that my mild disappointment is due only to an adolescent revision of a timeless classic, and changes will be made over time.  I do think that my anticipation of a "French Laundry" dining experience may have colored my judgment somewhat; Nicolas Fanucci's longtime general management experience there does not seem to have yet translated into an exceptional restaurant just yet.  Hopefully this restaurant will continue to improve, and again be among the city's top "special" places to dine.  
I have sent an e-mail to the restaurant, with this review attached, and have yet to hear back.  I may send an update, as I'm surprised they'd ignore it.  We'll see. 
-JasonThis place really is all that it's cracked up to be. It's actually the first restaurant I'd ever been to in Philadelphia, but people had prepped me that it was a classic restaurant and that I was lucky to be going there.
The food was freaking awesome, the restaurant was beautiful in a very old society way, and the serving staff were great. We had the top floor reserved just for our one table for a private meeting. (Yeah, I'm lucky.)
Hopefully, I'll be lucky enough to go back.Just went to Le Bec Fin for the first time, because i saw a sign on the door that it was 4 courses for 40 bucks and i can actualyl afford that. The service was excellent, everyone was friendly and courteous, which is pleasant and inviting.
Pre Fixe, 4 courses, 40 bucks at the premier French Restaurant in philly, im in. I only gave 4 stars because i didnt get to taste the regular menu, so i feel like i couldnt properly rate it. I started with an amuse bouche that was a gazpacho that didnt really impress me. 
For my first course, i had grilled octopus with chorizo oil and sauteed blueberries that was DELICIOUS. My date had a tomato and watermelon salad that was pretty tasty as well.
For my second course I had flank steak, rare like it should be, with carmelized shallots that melted in my mouth, with green pea pommes puree that was very good as well. My date had salmon that was cooked perfectrly rare.
The highlight of the meal was the dessert cart. So many f-ing cakes i didnt know whchi one to have, but our eneregetic cake-cart-waiter suggested we create a platter, which is what we did. The "Wendy" was the highlight, chocolate cake with creme brulee center. Very good.
I would reccommend this place for a classy evening or a very special occasion, and be sure to bring your wallet.Phenomenal French Cuisine, and beautiful surroundings to boot!  Surprisingly, they have some really great deals for lunch and dinner prix fixe so you don't have to spend tons to eat here.  You can also bring your own wine on Mondays. 
One of the times I came here was for my birthday, and I had the 6 course Fall tasting, which was wonderful.  Chef Perrier was walking around and making sure all the diners were happy, and even had one of his chefs make me a special desert!  Other great dishes I've had here include the escargot, sweetbreads, artichoke soup, veal, scallops, and wagyu beef.
Their desert cart is jaw-dropping;  I think my current fave is the Grand Marnier mousse.  Also, the cheese cart is unbelievable.  We're talking Epoisse, here.Le Bec-Fin is once-in-a-lifetime style dining for most of us.
In honor of my graduation from high school, my parents and I went for lunch.  At the time I was vegan, and the chef had no problem creating a magnificent array of delectable vegan delights for my sole dining pleasure.  He had an answer for each course for me.
Now, for college graduation, my parents, my sister, my brother-in-law, and I went to Le Bec-Fin for dinner!!  I'll tell you that it was the best meal any of us have ever had.  In my opinion, it was certainly worth the $138 per person.  (Of course, the cocktails and 2 bottles of amazing wine added significantly to that...)
If you're looking for someplace special to propose to your girlfriend . . . this, boys, is the place.  {hint, hint...}Service is as good as it gets, and I can summarize this statement by saying they are the ultimate professionals, which also means they are unpretentious and genuinely want everyone to have a great experience.  You can have fun with these professionals, and I'm a pretty playful guy.  Food is classic French, and I just love how they offer a dish with Veal Tongue, which is repulsive in itself, but you know this caliber Chef will make it taste delicious.  This to me is why and what you pay for, but, some of these dishes in the 3 course dinner (plus desert), have portions so small you are not sure how much you enjoyed it.  This is where they get 4 stars rather than 5.  This goes for the 7 course dinner as well.  Sometimes these French chef's misunderstand this concept at least for men.  Pondering this, I feel I should expect at least 4 bites of each substance on a dish with each course, so I am willing to give my wife a taste without feeling deprived.
Wines by the bottle are priced well, but too many expensive wines.  I come to pay for the food, not overpriced wines.  They only have a couple of wines for $13, and I want wines by the glass starting no higher than $10.  They can have the same profit margin, but this is what I want to pay for a drink, and let's not forget the ultimate Philly insult with that outrageous 10% liquor tax - DISGRACEFUL., and why I avoid Philly but for Fine Dining options on occasion.  Fun Note:  They use I-Pads for menu's, and they are clean, but I hope de-sanitized after each use.
They are only opened about 6 months, but I truly recommend this experience.  Speaking with the staffing, I believe they listen to their clientele, and will likely strive to improve going forward.Came here for restaurant week with my sisters. The food of course was great -- everything seems to melt in your mouth. The chef stopped by which was sweet. The service was also great (however our server seemed nervous as is usually the case at such high-end restaurants). All in all a good dining experience -- but you have to be in the right mood with the right company to want to come back. (I usually like to stay away from uppity up places because it gets to feel so awkwardly formal or nerve-wracking for some of the waitstaff).I came here during Restaurant Week.  To start, I had the escargot with crushed hazelnut and champagne-garlic butter. It was surprisingly delicious! The long island duck terrine with house made jam and crisp brioche was, umm, different. I am not used to eating cold duck so I don't see myself eating this again. For the entrees, I ordered the salmon confit with parsnip, brussel sprout, apple, and lime caraway emulsion. It was good, but not revolutionary. The flat iron steak with butternut squash & brunoise mirepoix was cooked to perfection! And then there is dessert. The creme brulee was the best creme brulee I have ever had!!! If I were to return to Le Bec-Fin, it would be just for the creme brulee. I also had the gateaux Le Bec-Fin with vanilla ice cream. It was a rich chocolate cake but shy of impressive next to the creme brulee.
I knocked off a star because of service. The waitress wasn't attentive, she didn't ask how the food was and only came around to get the check. I would have understood if the restaurant were busy but it was 10:30PM and she took the time to be attentive to other patrons' needs. In contrast, the bread boy and water boy were phenomenal in that they consistently asked if I wanted anything to drink. Overall, I liked my experience here. Of note, they serve small portions... after all, it is a French restaurant and that's how they do it in France.We went here yesterday for dinner. It was my first time at Le Bec-Fin, so I was excited. It is tucked away on Walnut street, and when you enter, you are amazed at the elegance that has been hidden. They have beautiful gold crown moldings and glorious chandeliers. There are many wait staffers present that are constantly walking around to ensure everything is in tip-top shape. They start you off with bread (we were able to choose from french onion, chive, or sour dough).Once you finish your bread, the server will magically reappear with more bread options...I had 3 rolls. I think this is why I got so ridiculously filled from the smaller meal portions of this restaurant.
We each did the 4 course menu:
crab cake (glorious)
escargot (glorious -I even used the butter sauce to dip bread in. Gross I know)
Escholar (rubbery cubes of bleh)
Scallops (my date enjoyed, he said they were cooked perfectly but lacked good flavor)
Lamb (glorious goodness, wish there was more)
Sirloin (glorious as well, wish there was more)
Black forest cake (I thought was sour and bad, except the pana chotta at the bottom)
Chocolate macaroon (he rated a 1)
So in all, I'd say the food is hit or miss. The hit foods I would give a 4.0 and the miss foods were really unedible. Maybe my palate is not refined enough. It was really just the desserts that were an epic fail. With our 4 course option, we did not get the dessert cart everyone so highly hails. Anyway, the service exceptional, a very leisurely date (we were there for about 2.5 hrs). The costs are a bit exhorbant, but of course you know what you are getting yourself into. But, I still couldn't help fantasizing about the other even better food (anddddd ironically,cheaper) at Morimoto, Alma, Amada, etc, which is a deal breaker if the bank is being broken.
So, I will not be returning.Squabtacular!!!
The Squab took me to Le Bec Fin, one of Philly's finest restaurants, for my birthday last year and it was superb!  They make their own desserts (you get to eat unlimited desserts off their dessert cart).  The service was impeccable, and our waiter Erik (a Park Slope, Brooklyn transplant) was extremely knowledgeable about food and let us in on his experiences in the restaurant industry.  He was the best waiter I could remember dining with and a very interesting individual to chat with.
5-stars for the food (I had the squab special, and the Squab had the tasting menu), dessert, and service.  The squab special was very good.  Not as amazing as Chez Panisse in Berkeley, but still good.
The squab special came with the spring seasonal vegetable called ramps (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allium_tricoccum).  They were delicious!!!  I now have something else to look forward to each year for my birthday - ramps season!
The dessert cart, wow.  One could write an entire lengthy review just on the cart full of in-house made desserts.  Total bliss for anyone with a sweet tooth.
Mondays is BYOB at LBF, so you can bring your own bottle of wine there.  Last year, they also started up a new prix-fixe (probably b/c the economy sucks), Weekdays 5:30-6:30pm, $35 PF.  The dress is business casual.
My birthday dinner here was easily the best birthday dinner I've had.If Le Bec didn't have so much hype around it, I would probably give it a higher rating.  But the fact is that Le Bec is commonly thought of as "the pricey super restaurant" of Philadelphia.  It's the one people love to brag about.
I've been there 4 times, and I have to say the food is really good.  But nothing out of this world.  For the price you'll be coughing up, I would say you would be similarly or even better pleased with someplace like Barclay or Morimoto.  
The place is tiny, with a very old world France feel, not my cup of tea, but nice.
The crabcakes though. My god.  They knocked the ball out of the park with that one.  Definitely the best thing they have on the menu in my opinion (and there aren't all that many options).  Also for my graduation when I was there, they didn't have crabcakes on the menu, but the waiter was able to get them to make it for me anyway - great props for that.  The service is undoubtedly second to none.Okay, I might give this place 4-5 stars for the food itself but definitely -2 for the prententiousenss and the way we were rushed throughout our meal. Granted, we were there for restaurant week but left without any kind of lasting impression other than: do not go back. ever. The waiter wasn't friendly at all and from what I recall we saw him once in the beginning and then at the end--not when he came to say thank you or anything, just when he told the busboys to clear up our table. In terms of the food, I guess it was good but it didn't remind me of the meals I've had in France. Definitely nothing to write home about. Even for restaurant week the crowd was mostly older and I just got a snooty vibe from this restaurant. For French food I'll be taking my business elsewhere, anywhere but here.We went for the first time last night.  My gf and I decided on the prix fixe menu, to get a taste of everything.  We started with the foie gras and crab salad for appetizers.  I loved the foie gras, but the crab salad was very average.  Then we had scallops and sea bass, neither of which were impressive.  Next, we had wagyu beef and lamb, and again just average.  The cheese selections were good but you can get better at bennelux or even park.  The pre-dessert which consisted of beignets was delicious.  The dessert cart at the end was also amazing with our favorite being the chocolate creme brulee cake.  Overall, I think the meal was very average and overpriced.  I'm not sure if it is an option, but if you can visit the restaurant for just dessert, I would recommend it.Worth it. Everyone needs to go to Le Bec Fin at least once...it truly is an experience that is legions apart from what modern fine-dining has become.
I came here for restaurant week (which I usually have reservations about in general- i.e. food that is mass prepped and ready for quick turnover, changes in service, lackluster experience, etc....but this definitely wasn't the case when I came here) so a reasonable $35 allowed for a 3 course meal which would otherwise be $85+. 
Each dish was unique, plated beautifully, and well bodied in flavor. Absolutely no complaints with respect to the actual food...but if you like leaving a restaurant feeling stuffed, you would need extra food given the smaller portions. Alex our server was attentive, friendly, and provided great service. This is a place I will definitely plan on coming back to.
Food:
-Cauliflower veloute- pretty sure I have had dreams about this soup on multiple occasions...it was so good, in the days following I extensively researched how I could recreate this masterpiece once I got my hands on a blender. It was silky smooth, rich, creamy, something I have never had before. Take that a step further- the bottom had capers which added a nice salty/sour element which was balanced by some golden raisins. Really interesting but perfectly executed combination. 
-Roasted Flat Iron Steak with mashed potatoes and sauce bordelaise- The potatoes and sauce both served as great accompaniments. They were delicious and flavorful without intruding on the star of the dish, the tender, perfectly cooked steak. 
-For dessert, the Gateau Le Bec Fin (decadent chocolate cake) and cafe au lait were a nice finish. The cake was moist and delicious but not overly rich.I went to Le Bec Fin for a special lunch today.  The food was excellent and the service was attentive and friendly.  Three well spent hours!  Thank  you.I don't think that I need to say much here...most of us foodies and non-foodies alike who have been to Le Bec Fin know that it's by far one of the best if not the best restaurant in Philadelphia.  If you go here, go for a romantic night out or a special occasion - the ambiance alone makes you feel so elegant!  I would HIGHLY recommend going all-out with the 6-course tasting menu (which I believe was around $145 per person), which includes an AMAZING cheese course (which you can help yourself to as much and as many times as you like) and dessert course in addition to all the other spectacular stages of the meal.  The escargot is superb, as well as the scallop appetizer and the sea bass entree.  Everything was amazing, and if you're lucky enough to have a conversation with Bernard, the chef's brother and sommelier, you are sure to have a wonderful wine to go with your meal and your budget (or lack there of).
For those of your with food allergies or intolerances, they were super about it, and accommodated the gluten-free diet very well.  They even had a meringue dessert with marinated fruits that I could eat!
Le Bec Fin is simply an experience you should not miss!Just went for Restaurant Week!  I can only rate it based on this experience and hope this helps people who might want to check out Le Bec Fin on the cheap.  
My guest and I thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  From start to finish, it was lovely.  We got a great table (in the main room, we thought we might get stuck downstairs) and had a great view of the entire restaurant. 
For our first course I had a delicious celeriac soup and my friend enjoyed the escargot.  Both were amazing and just the right amount of food to start...not too small but not huge.  I chose the braised short rib and hangar steak for my main course.  The steak was so tender and the short rib meat just fell apart - perfect!  The meal came with the most delicious potatoes I have ever had along with a small portion of root vegetables.  My friend chose the scallops - 2 huge scallops in a lentil sauce.  While I only had a small taste, I would definitely recommend and would try them if I went again with the same menu.  
Dessert was good - vanilla creme brulee for me, lemon tart for my friend.  Both wonderful tasting but nothing could compare to the first two courses.  I have heard so much about the desserts at Le Bec Fin so I would definitely return to enjoy the entire dessert cart.
I was skeptical about going for Le Bec Fin for Restaurant Week.  I thought they might rush us or not overdo anything since we weren't full paying customers.  While I don't have anything to compare it to, I was absolutely satisfied with my visit and would definitely go back (when I can afford it!) to have the complete Le Bec Fin experience.  I would recommend Restaurant Week to anyone curious about what's inside that fancy door on Walnut Street.This restaurant is a "special date night" kind of restaurant although my date and I sort of just stumbled in on our visit to Philadelphia. We had a wonderful time and had a three-hour dinner with champagne, wine, a seven-course meal, an exciting international cheese plate, and an overwhelming melange of desserts.
My date and I each ordered the seven-course dinner, and some of the highlights for me were the lobster and chanterelle ravioli with smoked ricotta, the day boat scallops with asparagus threads (probably the best version of asparagus I have ever had), the breast of squab with confit leg and cherry, and of course the dessert cart! The dessert cart is incredibly sexy and offers a delightful way to end the evening if you still have room!
The service was attentive, especially when it came to introducing the  cheeses on the cheese plate and the dessert cart; a little less engaging with the descriptions of the wine. If you come here for dinner, allow yourself a generous amount of time. This is not a place where you want to rush or should hope to finish up your dining experience in an hour or so. The more leisure you can be the better.
I had greater hopes for the Wild Mushroom Cappuccino, but other than that I really enjoyed every dish. As I mentioned, this is a great restaurant for a special occasion as it is quite pricey. With my date and I each getting a seven-course meal, one glass of champagne each, a bottle of wine, a cup of coffee, and tea, our bill was around $500 (including tip). If you decide to get the three-course meal and glasses of wine your bill can be significantly less, but sometimes it's great to indulge in these experiences, especially with someone special!God-awful.  He should have closed it.  Insanely salty escargot, overcooked and dry duck.  Poorly executed dessert.  I was irretrievably disappointed.  After dinner, the retrieval of coats from the coat check took almost 10 minutes.
What a shame.Excellent food.  Nice environment at basement bar / earring area.(Review of Restaurant Week, Fall 2010)
Timeless and classic dining room. Extremely elegant with a lot of character and "history." 
Went for restaurant week. Three course lunch service: pate, seared skate wing, creme brule.
The food was good, but nothing really astounded me considering how talked up this place was. Have had better French at places without the pomp and fixtures. 
Hope this place becomes something better.A business relationship wanted to take me here to celebrate a signed contract. I had not really considered Le Beq-Fin since it is a) too far from where I live and b) too hard to get a reservation c)more considered for special occasion .
The Location: I waited at their bar area (Le Bar Lyonnais) for my companions to arrive and noticed quite a few -uhm- older men with younger women. I mean, lots of sugar daddy age difference. Sorry, couldn't help but notice. The bar are had little booths where one can have dinner too, supposedly cheaper than the main restaurant and certainly cheaper than the private dining rooms. We were seated in a private room.
Lots of privacy and space but I thought it lacked ambiance. Somehow it struck me as a unhappy place. Very little restaurant chatter and everything in very somber mood. This is purely perception. I personally like the sounds of people enjoying themselves and here there was the quiet before a big sneeze. 
The food: it was grand , superb and tres wonderful. nothing like I have tasted before. What I particularly liked was the dessert cart with what must have been 50 different desserts and the cheese cart with a whole array of rare cheeses (I grew up in Holland -not the one in MI- and love cheeeeeez, Grommit). Anyways, what is there to say about chef Perriers skills that has not been discussed elsewhere on the web. He deserves his 5 stars (or was it 4) and read up on reviews of his menu. There is tons on Google.
What turned me off about the experience were a few basic things:
- the waiter gave me the sense I did not belong. He was a little snobbish when I asked him to translate something he rattled off in French but otherwise he was invisible, which I liked,
- the big 'quiet'
- the price. It was so expensive that it left me with a sour taste (even if I did not pay for it myself).
All in all this was a great experience but, with the wine and private dining, the bill for 4 people was well into the 4 figures I believe. I would only go here for very special occasions as I simply do not have the liquidity to do this too often.  Apparently there is cheaper dining in the Bar area and the main restaurant and their lunch is also getting great reviews, If you can get a reservation and don't mind shelling out your kids' 529 or you're simply loaded then this is certainly the place to impress with a 'power dinner', if such a thing exists.
For me... a one time only deal. I know I will be slammed for not giving this 5 stars but I simply was not as 'Ooooooh'd as I should have been given the hype. Maybe I over-expected. Plus I think I am not enough 'connoisseur' to notice the Le Beq-Fin difference.You're kidding me right? Am I really only the second one to review this world famous restaurant? Or do the mighty chefs have the power to erase reviews until they're all perfect fives? As a total Yelp whore I swear I've read more reviews on this place before I went last month.
Unfortunately, this review may have to be deleted too since it isn't going to be a five. The only reason is because the veal medallion, the glistening crown jewel of the $58 five course lunch tasting menu, wasn't seasoned enough. I know, that may be too picky. On the other hand, everything else was spot on. Gaspacho with seared asparagus, mmmm. Sauteed sea scallops... and the all-you-can-eat dessert cart (I'm sure there's a more dignified name for it but that's really what it is). That alone merits a five star. Really, this place deserves a 4.5. Yelp, you gotta add half stars. It's just not fair. 
Oh and did I mention the ambiance and service? I've heard so much about this french classic that I was expecting snoot up the wazoo. True, the dining room was sucked straight out of the ballroom scene of Disney's beauty and the beast, and I cringed whenever my cutlery touched the plates for fear of making the chandeliers shatter.  However, the waiters and maitre'd were both engaging and unobtrusive, and explained the dishes well. We never felt out of place despite clearly being the youngest customers and least uhm, likely to mistaken for French descendants.It's Georges Pierre's creation and you can see it in the setting, quality of the food, etc.  However, it was too stuffy for me and too many expectation of how I should dress.  I like to enjoy a great dinner with me being comfortable, not when it's a dress up event.
It's really over the top, but the food - well, it's superb.To commemorate my 100th review, I'll share my most memorable dining experience this year right here. Thanks Beth!
Le Bec Fin (a.k.a. "Fine Palate") is the grande dame of Philadelphia dining. It was once rated the best French restaurant in the country. You have to fall in love with the legendary uber-perfectionist Georges Perrier. According to culinary history books, Chef Perrier's ego was severely bruised when Mobil Travel Guide reduced his restaurant to 4 star status in 2001. What he ended up doing was remodel the interior extensively, expand the wine list, and hand over the reins to his head chef. "Change everything but the chandeliers!" he would say to his staff. The effort paid off and Mobil gave him back the 5th star he fought so hard to reclaim. 
Instead of waiting a few months for a dinner reservation, we opted to have lunch instead. Based on our experiences with 5 star establishments, the quality of the lunch menu is often comparable to the dinner menu but at discounted prices. There certainly is more bang for the buck having lunch a la carte here.
The entrance to this restaurant was mysterious at first. We passed it the first time mistaking it for a luxury goods store. Once we opened the heavy brass door, the hostess greeted us in a very small lobby. After checking in our coats, another door opened from behind and we were led into the Rococo style dining room. The room itself was ivory white all over, had floral woven silk wall panels with gold details, large crystal chandeliers, ornate mirrors, a fireplace, and a Christmas decorated staircase. It resembled Marie Antoinette's salon in the Palace of Versailles.
NOW ON TO THE FOOD!
For an appetizer, I had the wild mushroom ravioli with ivory sauce and herb salad. It was heavy on the truffle flavoring and the texture was so creamy it melted right in mouth. 
Beth had the steroid enhanced Mussels "Spain" (named after Philly native businessman Bernie Spain - founder of the Dollar Express chain ). The mussels came in a huge steam pot soaked in Bouillabaisse sauce. It was by far the largest chunk of meat I've ever seen in a mussel shell...same large size for every shell. The portion was too much for one person to handle, so I helped out by eating almost half of it myself.
For an entree, I had the poached salmon with smoked steelhead trout caviar, marinated sun choke, nage a l'orange. It was coated in what I believe to be a parsley cream sauce. The experimental sauces gave this dish a very unusual taste. 
Beth had the 8oz oven roasted rib-eye steak with pommes frites in sauce béarnaise. I could tell she was in the Garden of Eden just by looking at her facial expressions.
There was no dessert menu in print, but a 3D visual of the famed dessert cart was offered by the server as he wheeled it around the dining room. We gasped watching the cart stagger under the weight of so many fanciful pastries and cakes. The visual effect enticed us to order desserts right on the spot. 
I had the souffle with hot cranberry sauce. Beth had a sponge cake with combined almonds, white chocolate and apples with white almond mousse, caramelized apples, white chocolate cinnamon cream, caramel and a white chocolate glaze. At that point, we were so spoiled beyond repair.This was by far the most perfect meal of my life.
My father treated me to dinner here after my college graduation. Of course, I went all out for the grande degustation menu with wine pairings for each course since it was the only event in my life that justified the price tag. If not now, when? I've outlined all the courses I was served below. I don't know shit about wine, I just drink it, so I don't remember what they all were can't really comment on them. If you're curious though, about a half-glass was served with each course, so I was QUITE tipsy by the end of it.
The courses were as follows:
Amuse Bouche: Tuna Tartare w/ Daikon
-Light and a perfect way to start the meal. I love any kind of tartare, and this was no exception.
Bread & Butter: Rolls w/ Milk & Chives, Onion French Bread, something else
-I only tried the onion but it was very good. The waiters kept bring the tray of bread around and I think my brother had about 10 pieces.
Raw Oyster w/ Caviar & Hibiscus Foam
-Absolutely perfect. It had been a while since I'd had an oyster and this one did not disappoint. The hibiscus foam was especially interesting - more fruity than I expected.
Salmon Tartare w/ Vinegrette & Essence of Lavender
-Another tartare! Perfect. The presentation on this was very interesting. The bowl sat on a plate filled with dry ice, then the server poured liquid (the lavender essence, i believe) on it at the table. I actually don't really like the smell of lavender, or anything very floral for that matter, but it didn't detract from the dish.
Foie Gras w/ Risotto Chip, Black Sesame, Berry Sauce & Cherries w/ Ice Cream
-Possibly the most creative of the dishes. On one side of the plate was the foie gras and risotto chip, and the other side had a scoop of ice cream (possibly kirsch flavored?) with macerated cherries. The sweet components and salty/rich foie gras were the perfect foils for one another.
Some Firm White Fish w/ Consomme and Zucchini Blossom
-I can't remember what the fish was, but it was cooked perfectly and delicious. Served in a shallow bowl of consomme with a tempura-fried zucchini blossom on top - nice and light.
Lamb Tenderloin w/ Crispy Potato
-Lamb is one of my favorite meats, so this was an obvious winner for me. The crispy potatoes were like a classy version of that old vending machine standard, Potato Stix - but obviously way more awesome.
Taglatelle with Porcini & Truffles
-The simplest course, with just a few beautiful ingredients. Pasta, butter, porcini mushrooms, salt, pepper, some generous shavings of truffles... that's it.
Melon Sorbet w/ Powder (palate cleanser)
-My least favorite course, but I'm biased because I hate all kinds of melons. I tried a bite and then let my dad eat it.
Cheese Tray
-This was awesome. A server came out with a gorgeous glassed-in cart containing about 10 different cheeses. You're allowed to choose as many as you want, but they recommend about 5 for a nice-sized tray. I told the server I liked soft, strong cheeses, and he made up a beautiful assortment with some grapes and 2 kinds of bread. 
Dessert: Yogurt Sorbet, Lemon Macaron, & Tomato Confit
-The first of quite a few desserts. Served in a parfait glass with a dollop of tomato confit at the bottom, the lemon macaron balanced in the center, and yogurt-flavored sorbet on top. 
Dessert: Truffles
-I was served a platter of 5 truffles: mixed nut, tarragon, saffron, curry, and red beet. The unexpected flavors were all quite good, but the saffron and curry were my favorites. I was also given a cute box of 2 chocolates to take home.
Dessert Cart
-Yes, the famous dessert cart! It was every bit as wonderful as I had hoped. I asked for a small slice each of the Grand Marnier Souffle, the Flourless Chocolate Cake, and the restaurant's Signature Chocolate cake, which consisted of rum-soaked genoise with rich chocolate buttercream. Unfortunately, by this point I was pretty full, and all the desserts were so rich I could only have a few bites.
Finally, we were served a variety of petit fours with the check.
This is really extravagance, but for a special occasion it can't be beat. The service is impeccable and treat you like royalty even if it's painfully obvious that you don't belong (like my frugal and tactless grandmother who loudly exclaimed "It looks like a roach!" when the amuse bouche was served). My only complaint is that I will probably never be able to afford a meal like this again.One of our all-time favorites, BUT...
$$$$$$$$$$   $25.00 for a glass of champagne at lunch?  $$$$$$$$$$$$$
Over the years we have always enjoyed lunches and dinners at Le Bec Fin.
The "dressy, formal years" have changed. The restaurant has changed. Le Bec Fin almost closed. 
In May, on a weekday, we visited Le Bec Fin for a walk-in lunch (celebrating our daughter's Jefferson Nursing graduation). Group of four. Restaurant nearly empty. So-so service. Not-so-hot decision by us to have a large series of appetizers instead of an entree in order to sample a greater variety of current food offerings. Food was not very good. We were not impressed by the current Le Bec Fin.
On Saturday, December 3, my wife and I were in the area and made a 1:00 lunch reservation in advance. We decided to try the 5 course degustation menu.
Menus and wine list were reviewed on the website in advance.
Without going into great detail about each presentation, I will state that overall the service and food were exceptional in presentation and taste. Exceptions: Mushroom Cappuccino was an interesting, but uninspiring inclusion on the menu. Breast of Organic Chicken was moist, artistically displayed on the plate, didn't have much taste/flavor.
Online wine list is not current. Had one selected in advance; not on the list given to us at lunch. Selected a white French wine. We liked it. At home I tried to find it to see if we could make a local purchase. You guessed it: not included in the online wine list. Not a big issue... but it made the wine ordering process longer at lunch.
Another point about the white wine choice: served at room temperature. Then placed in a cooler. Each additional serving was colder than the previous one.  Whites don't have to be chilled, but one would assume that the temperature (warm or chilled) should be maintained over the duration of lunch.
The Dessert Cart is perhaps the main reason to visit Le Bec Fin. No where in the world have we ever experienced a more exciting presentation. One of the most difficult decisions you will ever have to resolve: what to sample?!
Small detail: on every visit to Le Bec Fin I request a trailer hitch adapter for the Dessert Cart so we can tow it home. They have never provided me with one. Never.
Seriously, this was a very nice lunch.
When then check arrived, I was really upset with the $25.00 charge for a glass of champagne. Caught offguard, I should have questioned the greed in serving this choice when my wife requested a glass before starting lunch (no advance notice of the price). Be forewarned: know the costs before ordering anything. I paid the check rather than making an issue of this point.
Lunch has always been recommended as a way to sample Le Bec Fin's offerings at a more modest cost. I agree. Enjoy... but stay away from Champagne By The Glass!I had really been looking forward to the reopening of Le Bec-Fin 2.0 for a while and I was extremely excited.  Maybe that was my problem right there, it didn't live up to the expectations I had dreamt up for it.  I went for an impromptu dinner downstairs at Chez Georges, formally known as Le Bar Lyonnais, and nothing wowed me.  The menu was very small, not very creative and my entrees was.... bland. I chalked it up to only being open a week or so figuring I'd wait a few more weeks and try it again. But now, um maybe not....
About a week later, I had called their private events office hoping to schedule a corporate holiday party downstairs in the bar.  The event coordinator I spoke with was friendly and sounded more than willing to accommodate.  I requested a Thursday happy hour (5-8pm), 25 people, passed hors d'oeuvres, bar on consumption.  Nothing too fancy, but still nice.  She said she'd talk to the Chef, and "sit down with him and figure out how we can make this work." They quoted me $5,000 for three hours, just hors d'oeuvres, no beverages included. That's $200 per person... that's more than most weddings.  I mean, c'mon, it's not like you're a five star restaurant anymore. And we'd only be there until 8pm leaving the bar open to outside patrons for the rest of the evening. I wrote back and asked if there was anything she could do regarding the price, since $5,000 seamed absurd, her response was "I did get a chance to speak with the Chef about your event in December.  We could certainly host a holiday party for you at Chez Georges.  The price for that event would be $5,000." Period.  
So... I'm not having my holiday party there, and I don't plan on having dinner there anytime soon either. Not cool Mr. Fanucci. And not a great way to rekindle your relationship with us either.Whoever has rated Le Bec-Fin lower than five stars:  Come on, man!
I ate there for the first time Friday evening and it was undoubtedly the best restaurant I've ever experienced.
The food was spectacular, every morsel. And the dining room! It has the ambience and elegance of the Titanic era, complete with ornate crystal chandeliers.
The service was impeccable.
I've been to many fine restaurants in my life, in Philadelphia and abroad. Le Bec-Fin is the finest restaurant I've ever been to.Pre-Fixe lunch menu is pretty decent but needs updating. Have yet to try a full service, but will be back.My BF and I went to Le Bec-Fin for our valentine's day .
The service was excellent, we had a reservation at 7:45 PM and as we arrived, the people who greeting us at the door took our coats  then walked us  to our table.  I thought the place was fancy however it was small with well arranged tables. We had some white wine which I couldn't recall the name , but it was light and dry .
The server was there for us sometime I felt like we had too much attention. So I started messing around , I guess because of the wine.
We order our appetizer and entrees. I had a steak and my bf had fish. My steak was moist and tender with white creamy sauce. 
For desserts, we had difference kinds of chocolate cover with golds. It's taste interesting just like chocolate. I guess by the time we hit to dessert we were quite full. I don't know how people can order 7 course meals plus desserts which they would bring you the whole cart  which all you can eat.
The place was exclusive which has their style of high level sophistication. Well, the fact that I have to be proper in the kind of restaurant I am ok. I guess , we had a great experience.I attended the Summer Chef Series this past Monday evening which featured a collaboration between Chef Nick Elmi of LBF and Chef Marc Vetri.  It was such an amazing experience, I really cannot say enough wonderful things about it.  The food was fabulous, the service was impeccable and the decor was amazing.  Thank you to all who made this experience such a memorable one. My guest and I are really looking forward to the reopening of the bar area downstairs so we will definitely be returning to this wonderful establishment.  It truly is the jewel in Philadelphia's restaurant crown.
I would also like to comment that I am a bit horrified by some of the comments below.  As a fellow diner and Yelp user, I do not find many of the more negative reviews below to be helpful or constructive.  In particular I would like to comment on the posting about a Foobooz article that came out yesterday about LBF.  As a small business owner myself, I know that misinformation can be nothing short of a death sentence.  We cannot know for sure what goes on behind the scenes of any privately owned business, let alone in the restaurant industry where stress and tensions can oftern run high.  We should try our best to uphold the integrity of yelp a forum where individual's share constructive thoughts and opinions.I had dinner during Restaurant Week. Now, before you dismiss the review, hear me out.
The disclaimer is Restaurant Week, and honestly, I am not a fan of it. I feel like the food is all prepared ahead of time, and it is not a good representation of the establishment. That being said, this is probably the worst Restaurant Week experience I've had.
Now, you might think, "You would normally dish out at least $100/person at a place like this, so what do you expect for $35?". Well I expect decent service and decent food (at least make those few dishes of that week acceptable). And plus, THIS IS RESTAURANT WEEK. It is what it is.
Maybe I'm being harsh. Maybe I'm not.
I was the first to arrive from my party (on-time) at 5:30. Due to traffic (and our Asian-ness), everyone (7) was seated at 6:00. Now, it was unfair that we were all late. I understand. So the waiter informed us that we had to be out at 7:00. We all felt bad, and I wasn't worried since this was RW and there is a set menu. No problem.
We were being rushed a little (again, we were sorry), but I couldn't help but notice that the table next to us wasn't being rushed at all. They were eating their appetizers when I got there, and we left before them. The waiter had informed us that the tables were booked in increments to accomodate RW. Like, really? 
Anyway, the food. We had enough people in our party that everyone was able to try everything. I think the chicken dish was the best (a little sad), and the steak was sub-par. Maybe this is just me, but I like my dish to be a little more than luke warm. The dessert again, were just meh. The anticipated creme brulee disappointed, and I think the best one I've had was at Audrey Claire.
At least the bread guy was super nice.Words cannot adequately describe the new and improved Le Bec Fin. The food was amazing, the service was top notch and the overall dining experience was superb. Expensive and worth every penny.This was exactly as expected: a great French dining experience, not on the bleeding edge of culinary fashion or technology but not far behind either, with several knowing nods to its roots in the (still delicious) French cuisine of forty years ago.  
I was concerned it would be stodgy but it wasn't.  Food was great.  Service was spotless.  Beautiful room.  No complaints on portion sizing... in fact, the escargot is a hellaciously rich butter-bomb to be coming so early in the meal, so be forewarned.  Loved the cheese cart.  Sommelier took good care of us despite the fact we went on BYOB Monday.  And despite its reputation, the price isn't bad at all for a restaurant of Le Bec-Fin's cadre.It was the atmosphere and desserts that blew my mind. Le Bec Fin is like walking into a novel. The decor is inspiring and the staff has a level of training and attention to detail not normally seen in the US. 
The plates are delicious, portions reflect the rich quality, and everything looks exquisite. The desserts are out of this world; plenty of decadent chocolate options. They serve fixed price menus and could easily boast about their wine selection, but don't need to. The sommelier led us to a fantastic wine within our price range. 
It is hard to know what people expect when they go to an expensive restaurant with history, will they be brought in or do they some very detailed expectations? Generally, I think this is a place to mark an occasion; a place to savor the time spent with someone important, or a small group. Did it cost a bit? Yeah it did. It was worth it and when the money is there, worth going back to again!Let's start with the good...  the menu was lovely and the food was prepared and presented perfectly.  The wine flight accompanied each course wonderfully.  Now for the not so good... when you are plopping down $350 per person ($150 menu, $115 wine flight and $85 for coffee, tax and tip) you expect flawless service.  First, the waiter had to take my menu and read it in order to answer a fairly simple question.  His response was "the menu changes daily and it is hard to remember"  there are a dozen tables in this place with maybe thirty items on the menu.  You would think knowing the menu would not be a herculean task.  This isnt the Cheesecake Factory.  When one of the courses was presented, the food runner could not describe the food he was delivering.  Again, this goes back to expectations.  These would not be mortal sins at most restaurants... but at Le Bec Fin these are serious errors if they plan a major come back...I came here twice...once just for dessert, and once with the bf for my birthday dinner.  
The first time was just for dessert and my goodness...that dessert cart is dangerous.  The server did seem a bit disappointed when he realized we were just there for dessert, but he was still attentive.
The second time was for my bday dinner and the experience was awesome!  We did their fixed price meal and each dish was delicious.  The most memorable was the mushroom cappuccino.  Delicious!!!  Of course, my bf and I ordered different things so we could try as many dishes as possible.  ;)  The server was very nice...when he realized I didn't like my drink, he swapped it out and got the bartender to whip something up for me based upon my preferences.  Overall, a great experience!Le Bec-Fin is actually quite affordable when going for lunch. But I'm not sure if the restaurant was just off or somehow, the service really dragged on the day we went. Food-wise, although it doesn't scream of anything amazing, it stays well within the acceptable palate. The filet mignon was tender and filled with flavor and the confit was done just right. Decent but not memorable.The stars finally align allowing me to eat at La Bec-Fin for their $40 menu special, which only occurs from 5-6PM on the weekdays. I had the octopus and the stuffed quail. Both were fantastic.  Definitely what you would expect from one of Philadelphia's top restaurant.  My only disappointment was that the service has changed from before. Service is a lot more casual now than what it used to be. For instance before the change, the waiters would come out with your meals under a silver dome and as one lift it up to reveal the scrumptious offering underneath. It's things like that that somehow makes the high price-tag worth while.I went for restaurant week and I'll say that the food was good, but it wasn't anything good enough to bring me back. I got the following for each course. 
Appetizer-Country Pate with Red Wine Quince, Banyuls, Petite Salad
Entree-Seared Diver Scallops with Fingerling Potato, Farro, Shallot-Pecan Vinaigrette
Dessert-Key Lime Tart, Soft Meringue, Raspberry Sauce
The tate was very tender and the sauce on the side was made it better. A very good balance and as a first timer for the Pate, I was satisfied with it. 
However, the scallops were so salty. If they had just dumped in less salt, it would have been really good cuz the tenderness of the scallops were amazing. Now the dessert!.... it was PURE SUGAR. SO SWEET. TOO sweet. It was so sweet that it ruined the whole meal I had so far. I definitely went out after dinner and got black coffee to make the sweetness go away.
Ambiance was really nice tho. And the different types of brread were all wonderful! Basically, I enjoyed the food, but wouldn't go back again for paying that much for such small portions. I know I can find a better french restaurant. If you're contemplating between this place and another French restaurant, I think you'll have a better memorable experience at the other one. sI'm guessing it's a bit too late to write this review as its page now says "Fin" with a bittersweet goodbye message. Regardless, I think I must pay my homage to this time-enduring restaurant. 
Upon hearing that Le Bec Fin is about to close, a group of friends and I came here for Sunday brunch tasting menu. 
The service was top notched. I think our waiter could tell that we were first timers here - being young looking college students and somewhat under-dressed for their occasion. However, I felt like we were being treated with the utmost respect. We were always asked how our food was, the servers gave us detailed description of our food and how it was prepared. The foie gras was delicious, and so was the halibut. Loved  the green pea gazpacho too. I won't dwell upon the food too much, as it makes me a bit sad that I won't get to have it again. 
I wish the place stayed open longer. Thank you Le Bec Fin for a top-notched introduction to fine French dining for me, and au voir!Although the service was amazing and the decor was beautiful, the food itself is not very good.  We got the 5 course lunch special for $55 and was disappointed with the quality of the "French" food.  I have had much better French food at other restaurants and felt that every course was only mediocre.  The escargot was chewy and tasted over-boiled (although the broth was extremely delicious).  The scallops were interesting with a hint of apple/pear froth - probably the best course.  The mushroom cappuccino (interesting concept) was too intensely flavored with some type of italian seasoning that it could have done without.  The lamb loin was not very tasty and the flavoring of theaccompanying side dish did not go very well with the lamb.  The desserts were all mediocre, ok for a coffee shop, but far below the quality that it should be at a nicer place like Le Bec Fin.  Overall, it's a great place to take someone to impress them.  However, if you are a true foodie, the quality of the food is sorely disappointing.We were looking so forward to dining at the famous Le Bec Fin and had expected to spend whatever it cost to experience a very special night of haute cuisine with top-notch service. Unfortunately, that was just a dream I had. The food while good was not exemplary and the servers were seemingly going through the motions without any enthusiasm barely explaining the various dining options to us. The sommelier who I think is the brother of Georges Perrier rolled his eyes as we asked to have our wine chilled a little more but for a $165 bottle, I think he could have contained himself. My husband and I had the $185 per person tasting menu which to our surprise contained no meat dishes and our entire dinner was tainted by constant loud talking in French next to us by the chef and other employees with two young diners to the point where we had to ask to move our table to hear ourselves speak. It seemed that the entire restaurant was filled with tourists and visitors moving their children into UPenn and although we were here to move our daughter in as well, I recall dining at Le Bec Fin when I was moving into Penn almost 30 years ago. Georges Perrier was supposedly going to close the restaurant earlier this year and changed his mind a few months ago. I think he made a mistake. What was is no more. He complained loudly at the next table that he was tired and going home and had been there all day and night. Perhaps it's time to say goodnight for good. We are.if you don't mind being pampered and treated like a king (it kinda makes me feel a little uncomfortable, honestly) this is the place for you. the place is expensive, but is also one of the best in town. now that philly has lost brasserie perrier from chef perrier, i do believe a rebirth of le bec is in the works. the food remains one of the best in town, and the desserts are spectacular. as a tip, try happy hour for some free hors d'ouvres and also try making a reservation for the downstairs room, le bar lyonnais, which serves food from the same kitchen for a lot less!Le Bec-Fin may be good, but I will never go again. I had one of the worst dining experiences during Restaurant Week this past Winter.  
Food: Overcooked / even the other food was only okay
Service: It was very good
Atmosphere: Okay - nothing that really stood out
I have been to restaurants all around the country from Michelin 3 Stars ranked to those cheap eats hole-in-the-walls.  
I think that a restaurant is only good as its worst day.  If you are going to serve over-cooked food, don't participate in Restaurant week.Excellent quality food, presentation, and service. Palate cleansers are cool. Foie gras ravioli and filet mignon were exemplary. DON'T go for restaurant week.... the 3 course meal is TINY and not worth it.