The staff is attentive, the food excellent and the venue terrific.  This is a great place for a really good, quiet meal.  One of my top favorites in South Philly.I am a picky eater (mostly vegetarian), so am always skeptical when it comes to restaurants with "fancier", more unique menus. Not only did le virtu have great vegetarian options, the service was off the charts amazing. Our waitress was attentive, friendly and very knowledge about the menu (even offering historical tidbits round various menu items.)
I recommend this place highly to picky and non-picky eaters alike!!This place is bad...wait for it...ass. 
If you want AUTHENTIC italian food, this is the place to go.  I cannot tell you how much the fare at this location reminded me of my trips to Italy.   I unfortunately only had a short meal here, but I will be back for a full course dining experience to fully partake of everything that looked delicious on the menu.    
The other 3 members of my party were in complete agreement with me in between the sound of their chomping away.  
Service was very good, ambiance was above average.  
Only detraction was that the bar area had a cellar-ish smell to it, but we sat outside.Great atmosphere and had a fantastic time, but food and wine were not world class or long term memorable (except for some pork skin in the last secondi).Experience was almost glorious. Aside from the barkeeps "Indian Pale Ale" gaff, capable but not a student of the Art, the staff was affable and competent.
 Our waiter, for a table of seven, was a true pro. Never a moment passed when anyone was in need of anything. 
Aside from sis's ScIrpelle soup delay. It gave us all time to "share" it, after our antipasto.
 Transitions were smooth and timely. Entrees were indeed worth the $$$. Country Farm(Berks County), assumed pasture raised, pork sampler special was great. Seasoned to perfection and properly done. Monkish with mussels and clams was devoured. Pasta was comparable to most homemaders. Nana was best.
 Fine wine and beer selection. Avery Maharaja's Imperial IPA was out.  Often a tough find anywhere east of the Rockies. Plenty of fine substitutions.
  Parking was easy enough for a Friday.Just stunning! I'm a very good cook, and THIS is where I go when I want food that kicks my food's butt. Note: this is NOT a  meatball joint, this is real Italian food the way Italians eat it. The homemade salumeria is authentic and delicious. Get the salumeria platter for a first course or to share at the bar. The pastas are so perfect. Everything is cooked with such care and skill. Beyond the food, I love the mural over the bar and the look and atmosphere of the place. The wine list has wonderful and unusual selections that compliment this rare food. And the bartender makes a darned good martini, too.  The staff can be a bit distracted form time to time, but I have never had bad service. Everyone is treated well-- not just 'insiders.' The owners are charming and welcoming. May they live well and prosper! They've given Philly a jewel.If Le Virtu were a woman she'd be too good for me. I was completely blown away with my meal here. I know this will sound like sacrilege to some but I am not a big fan of italian food. In fact, typically I down right don't like it. My wife is a huge fan of italian food and she is constantly trying to get me to go at it again and again. Well I've found the promise land and it is good. I can't wait to go back. 
Everything is fresh, local and made on site. Even if no one told you that you could taste it in each bite. I was with a group and we shared each of our dishes. I ate cured meats, soft shell crab, duck, gnocchi, a little bit of everything - I didn't have one bad fork-full.Pretty decent place. Tried a variety of dishes and liked most of it. The prices here are pretty reasonable for a 'high end' restaurant. I would say expect about $60 a head. For some oddball reason (I suspect it was the alcoholics at the table) the bill was almost $600 for six people for us, however. But the prices on the menu were about $27 for the main dish, and about $20 for the starter dishes. I was impressed with the portion size as well. Usually there seems to be some non-logical inverse relation between the price you pay and the amount of food that you get, but here you could get full on a main dish and 1-2 small dishes (I have a big appetite, take away a smaller dish for those who eat bird meals) 
My favorite dish was the Goat Gnocchi. The taste was very sharp and the gnocchi was firm. Also the semifroddo chocolate cake dessert was excellent. 
My least favorite was the tripe and I was like, "Who ordered this sh_t?" Both my and my girlfriend's stomachs felt a little weird over the next two hours. I can only imagine that this dish was the cause but not entirely sure. 
.
Unfortunately, our waitress didn't bring or wrapped leftovers back to the table!! Such a disappointment.  In the beginning, she also asked if we wanted Philadelphia tap water or bottled water. Was New Jersey water or Chicago water an option, or something? 
It felt a little cramped and the temperature kept shifting from very hot to cold. I was sweating my tail off for about half of the meal. 
Food Quality/Taste = 4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 4 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 2 Stars
Wait Time = 3 StarsA-OK in my book. 3.5 Yelps.  
Four of us went for NYE dinner.  I believe I was one of 2 who enjoyed their meal thoroughly.  Know that it is a different kind of Italian.  Fresh and homemade but def different. Let me start by saying that the best dishes of the night were the apps.  They were awesome! Risotto balls and some sort of egg and cheese croquettes that the waiter recommended- great job.  Loved them.  As a group, we ordered the rabbit, which i thought was the best entree, the single strand spaghetti, the ravioli special, and the gnocchi.  The gnocchi aren't really potato gnocchi, but rather flat pasta.  Confused me as I guess we expected it to be shaped like an gnocchi.  Our meal was good though, Again I really liked the Rabbit.  The service was also good.  Not a bad stop, especially if your not looking for traditional gravy.Hands down one of the BEST restaurants I have ever been to! Last night I went for my 3rd time and it has just gotten better (which I didn't think was possible)! Freddie, the manager is so kind and welcoming. Our server AZ was awesome and so helpful with what to pick off the menu with both wine and food. You MUST try the Pecorino Agnolotti, an amazing dish that both my fiancé and I couldn't get enough of. The Scrippelle and Roast Pork ravioli were magnificent as well. I believe this place is one of the best and a must try for all my fellow foodies out there!Pretty good all around. Hits and misses in our menu picks. A lot of food though. Even if we didn't like everything, we went home full. Service was great throughout.
Antipasta:
Stracciatella Pugliese was awesome. Highlight of the meal.
Egg & Cheese croquettes  were meh.
Ricotta stuffed puff balls were also underwhelming.
Pasta:
Spizzichi was incredible.
Maccheroni w/ long hots was quite good.
Raviolini was OK.
Main:
Porchetta was good. Very crispy skin and tasty & tender inner meat.
We didn't try the desserts.
Beer selection was good, both drafts and bottles. A rotating draft list is a cool feature for an Italian place since it's so unexpected.
Only tried one wine by the glass, but the bottle list was impressive but untested.
Cocktail menu was boring and left untried. After dinner, we had a round of Nonino Amaro neat, which were quite good.After reading Craig Laban's positive review, I decided to check out Le Virtu for a Tuesday night dinner. The place is surprisingly large (from the outside it wasn't very noticeable to me) and although the weather wasn't very nice the night I visited, it looks like they have a sufficient outside eating area. We started out with the Insalata di raddichio which was raddichio lettuce topped with apple slices, gorgonzola cheese and a vinaigrette dressing. I guess I need to work on my italian and read the menu a little better because i was expecting more of a waldorf salad topped with walnuts. However, when the salad came out the bitterness of the raddichio, the gorgonzola, and the vinaigrette dressing were really overwhelming. We didn't finish the salad. For dinner the boyf got the suckling pig which was tender and juicy and thank God came out a just a cut of the meat and not in the form of a cute little piggy. I had the lamb shank which was also cooked to perfection and fell right off the bone. I am by no means a lamb connoisseur, so I didn't really know what to expect, but I really liked the texture of the meat. In regards to flavor, I thought it could have used something, but that could just be a testament to my ignorance of lamb. The bed of risotto under the lamb was very cheesy and delicious, however. In terms of service, our waiter was very efficient and we had no issues. I'm not sure if I would come back though because nothing I ate really wowed me.We went to Le Virtu after the Army Navy game with a group of twenty.  They were expecting a few less, but were most accommodating and they even opened early just for us.  It was an attractive, warm, friendly environment and they were exceptionally attentive.
We had four West Point cadets and three Annapolis midshipmen.  The owner came by many times to ensure they were not wanting for anything.
We had pre-ordered because of our group's size.  The food flowed.  It was good to very good.  The Mozzarella con Pomodoro e Carciofi Arrosto was excellent.  The kids in the group enjoyed the Gnocchi con Pomodoro e Mozzarella.  My wife and I munched the Olive all'Ascolana with relish.  When one of the guests said she didn't eat meat, a few minutes later a wonderful dish (Linguine al Cartoccioi) showed up.
We're definitely returning next year's game.  And my wife and I want to return again.  Perhaps during the summer to enjoy the outdoor tables.it is a good spot, the food is very authentic of Abbruzzi.  The wines are a bit pricy, i.e. a fairly high mark up as compared to other restaurants.  I did see that some reviewers thougth the service was not up to par, however with our experience the service was fairly good and the server was very knowledgeable of the entire menu.  I had the stuffed olives to start and they were good stuffed with pork, good not great.  For entree I had pasta with black truffle, again good but not great and a bit salty.  We looked on the website and saw byob is only on tuesday but when we arrived on wednesday we saw other guests byob-ing and when i asked the server she told me that you can do it any night with a $10 corkage, which i wish they had put on the website.  Definitely worth a try.Stopped in for just a quick appetizer and glass of wine. I cannot speak to their entire menu but the quality of their appetizers will definitely have me coming back! They were absolutely delicious, they cure their own meats and serve their food in a way that shows they really care about food. I will definitely be back!This restaurant offer great food from the Abruzzi region of Italy.   Pasta is homemade and don't miss the house cured meat selection as an app.  Rustic cuisine but done with care.I was really looking forward to dinner here, but alas it failed to live up to the hype. First let me explain my quest: eat at the 10 best restaurants in Philly in 2014. Philly Mag ranks Le Virtu at #5. I expected more.
Service was attentive, but I felt like I couldn't get a straight answer. In these days of the small plate vs. Family style, I wanted some insight about ordering. I felt like I asked for this advice in 3 different ways but never got a straight answer. Finally my husband & I decided to just wing it & received a skeptical look from the server. What did we do wrong, we asked. He hinted that we didn't order enough food. We added on another entree that ended up disappointing & completely superfluous.
I liked the house lamb sausage with blueberries & the handkerchief pasta a lot. The red wine the server suggested was rich but not overpowering. The semifredo was a nice way to end things. Everything else: it was okay.
I usually love pork belly, but this was overwhelming. Was it the whole belly? There was so much saffron in all the dishes I could still taste it as I drove home. And don't even bother with the seafood stew. Maybe Brooklyn ruined me, but I used to get a much fresher & brighter version for about 1/2 the price in N. Williamsburg. 
Overall it was a solid meal... I just wish I hadn't gone into it expecting a top 5 meal.Nice place. Great patio. Amazing service. Delicious and incredibly authentic food. 
I had 3 courses and wine. I ordered the artichoke lasagna from the specials menu. It made me cry. It was exactly how I wanted and needed it to taste. Really great dining experience.In my opinion the very best restaurant in Philadelphia and maybe the world.Had amazing meal here last night. Both food and service were on point. The Burrata in guazzetto is a MUST if you like cheese and want a fantastic starter to your meal. And the brioche bread pudding with gelato rocked my world.Highly recommend, the food, atmosphere, service all excellent. AZ was our server and he was awesome. The food was incredible. I had the pork ribs, awesome, gnocchi, awesome, and the rabbit, awesome! I can' say enough good things about this place, go experience and you won't be disappointed.
It's not cheap, and it's not for everyone, but if you enjoy fine dining and a city atmosphere you must go check this place out. Parking is tight just like everywhere in Philly. There was 4 of us and we ordered 3 courses each and had 2 $50 bottles of wine, tab was $440, totally worth every penny. Go to Le Virtu and enjoy.Excellent authentic regional Italian food, very flavorful and professionally prepared. Full bar, great wine list, great service, younger more hip crowd. The menu is a little eclectic, so if you are adventuresome and want to try something new, I highly recommend. If you're looking for a big plate of spaghetti and meatballs in a dark room with red velvet curtains with Frank Sinatra in the background, this isn't that place.Delicious! Started off with burrata, then the lamb gnocchi. Everything was handmade, fresh, and cooked perfectly. 
Service was very good, waiters were very attentive. A nice place for date night and very accommodating. I will definitely go back again.Absolutely wonderful, authentic Abruzzese cuisine.  
To start, we were served complimentary fried dough.  Some plain, and some stuffed with fresh mozzarella and sage.  Delicious!
Our table of seven split two of the antipasto platters.  They were rather large and featured house cured meats, a diverse selection of cheese, a frittata, roasted peppers and olives.  One of our dining companions ordered the scrippelle soup which we all had the chance to taste.  The scrippelles were light as air and tasty.  Though I was slightly disappointed, it's only because they were different than my grandmother's.  However, I highly recommend this dish.
For dinner I had the Timballo di Scrippelle.  It's essentially a lasagna but the pasta layers are scrippelles.  It was wonderful.  I also sampled the Ravioli al Cioccolato Ripieni di Coniglio, cocoa raviolis stuffed with braised rabbit and amaretto cookies.  Such a unique, delightful dish.  Others had the monkfish with clams and mussels, the spaghetti with hot peppers, and a pork platter, which was a special for the night.  I wasn't offered samples from those plates, so I'm going to assume they were enjoyed!
For dessert we shared the Pizza Dolce, which none of us loved.  But the tiramisu was amazing, and I'm not even a fan of tiramisu!  A definite must-try, if that's your thing.
What I loved most about Le Virtu, besides the amazing food, was the authenticity of the meal.  The antipasto platters were done the way they were supposed to be (without lettuce!), next was the pasta course, then meat and finally the salad, served last.  This is the first restaurant in the states that I have found that serves the salad last.
The atmosphere was warm and comfortable and the service was attentive and knowledgeable without being intrusive.  I most definitely will return, sooner than later.  I see this being bumped to a 5-star if they continue to wow as they did on this visit!Worth the hype! Everything was incredible. The meat board was one of the best I have had in the city.The restaurant is very welcoming.  We decided to eat inside but the garden area has a nice vibe and many chose that over inside.  Appetizers were fantastic.  We ordered arrosticinni and the fiori di zucca.  The fiori di zucca (fried zucchini flowers with cheese) reminded me of a really good tempura with a soft creamy cheese center.  The arrosticinni (lamb) taste fresh right off the grill.  Main dishes we ordered raviolini and lamb ragu.  Raviolini was a nice summer dish but small serving size.  The lamb ragu pasta was more then al dente.  The serving size was small on this dish as well but took me forever to eat it since the pasta was undercooked.  The lamb taste more like crumbled meatballs then lamb.  Now on to dessert..  torta di mirtillo and torta fruiti di Bosc.  The desserts combination were not quit right.  The cream should have been switched on each dessert. Also not worth the price of $12 each.  Le Virtu has nice flavors just need to be placed with the proper combination.  
The olive oil served with bread was amazing!  Had a nice dark color and did not need salt and pepper in it to help with the flavor.  Shame it was not from Abruzzo but Umbria.Took a friend visiting from New York for dinner at Le Virtu. The menu is focused on Abruzzo cuisine and its concept of "sea and mountain."
Of all the things we tried, I absolutely LOVED the porchetta. The pork belly was to die for. The seasoning was amazing, and it was so tender. Sometimes I find myself daydreaming about it while sitting in lecture.
My friend also loved his brodetto (seafood stew).
Even more stand-out than the food, I think, was the service. We were seated at the very front of the restaurant, so it was a bit isolated since the bulk of the seating was towards the back, behind the bar, but our waiter stopped by frequently and regularly to check up on us  and did a great job on keeping pace with the courses.So it had been written.
So it was done.
How many times have your friends set your expectations so high that the ensuing let-down leaves you wondering how you could even be friends with these people? Hopefully not too often if you're a yelper ;) ANYWAY, reading the reviews prior to my visit I was plenty skeptical. Would it be good? Sure, I figured it would be tasty but certainly wasn't prepared for just how good everything was! 
The great thing about going with a group anywhere is you usually get to try a bit of everything. This was mostly true of our visit with the exception of the two misers whose Monkfish dish was soooo good they wouldn't part with a tiny portion! Their silence and cheshire cat grins spoke volumes though. 
My own dish was a little bit of WOW! Rabbit stuffed chocolate ravioli with cookie crumbles? Yes please, and throw two more on there for good measure! My only criticisms would be that A) the four ravioli's were drowning in olive oil when just a little would have sufficed and B) they were on the thin side and could have been a wee bit thicker or go ahead and add one or two more to the plate. The smaller size worked out well as it allowed me to sample everyone else's and not leave feeling as stuffed as a ravioli myself.  :) 
The atmosphere was very pleasant. Service attentive. Prices very agreeable for the quality. Definite value found here. 
Final note: I've worked "fine dining Italian" and can appreciate the quality of what we received, but the true measure was watching the glowing faces of the three people at the table whose own family are from the Abruzzo region. There beaming smiles gave the final seal of approval.Very nice atmosphere. Food was very good overall and service was excellent. They let you dine and were not rushing you out the door. We started with the Octopus Carpaccio which was bright and refreshing with a lot of acid. We ordered the cheese plate which was delicious but only if you like very sharp cheeses.
There was a special primi pasta in a butter garlic sauce that was incredible. They make all of their pastas in house by hand and it was extremely delicate. Good to share with 2 people as an appetizer. I ordered the Meagre fish which was good but spicier than I thought it would be and my husband order the lamp porterhouse. 
We will definitely return and would love to try more of their primi pasta dishes as I feel like this is where they really shined.This was our second visit. The food is great and we love how the menu balances classic dishes with interesting twists (without falling into kitsch or fusion). The service is relaxed so don't expect to be in and out quickly. I wouldn't say it's the best Italian in the city, but absolutely a place to go.We were a party of 9 celebrating a milestone birthday. The restaurant seated us a wonderful outdoor table, and-on a busy Saturday night-the servers were flexible and patient with our party which included 2 children under 5 years old. We shared a few appetizers which were good, but the main courses (8 of 9 of us ordered a pasta dish) share one word: SALTY. I couldn't even finish my dinner, and all of us were disappointed except for my mom (who ordered the lamb).  The atmosphere was perfect. The food...not.Great restaurant both food and service. Doesn't get 5 stairs only because of space. Hard to do much in such a small area. Simple decor.
Had the Suppli -Fried risotto, roasted butternut squash, smoked mozzarella which was delicious. Went with the Coniglio in porchetta - Lancaster County rabbit "porchetta" style, farro, roasted cauliflower which was fantastic. I also had the Fried long hot peppers, garlic, olive oil which were nice and hot. Had 3 scopes of gelato (different favors) which was a perfect way to end the meal. Service was excellent, martinis cold and valet parking available. Great restaurant.I really enjoyed the maccheroni Alla mugnaia.Outstanding service, great space, great bar. Nick (server) was great. Visited on Chriustmas Eve, they had normal full menu, plus some holiday additions.
We had the misti, burratta, pecorino del parco, goose for two, marrchione, and gnocchi. All the food was spectacular, lived up to expectations. We can't wait to return.I came here for dinner one night. It was easy to get reservations on a weekend night. I did ask for outdoor seating and somehow they forgot to write it down, so we had to wait a little extra to be seated. They did have plenty of open tables outdoors so idk why they didn't let us sit. The bar was packed so we couldn't even sit inside and wait so we went to the bar a block from them to have drinks while we wait. Then when we came back and all the outdoor seatings were still open, so idk what the hold up was. They have 3 areas of outdoor seatings. 1 with private under the roof, 1 near the huge wall painting, and 1 (my least fav) near the entrance where everyone comes into the restaurant from, and of course we were seated near the entrance. People constantly kept coming in and out from near our table. 
Food wise, I got their hand pulled pasta and it was a absolutely delicious. We got their cheese platter as well and it was ok. I have had better cheese platters than that. I wasn't a fan of their cocktails as well. But I would still come back here again to try other things on their menu.I wanted to update my review, since my latest experience here blew me out of the water.  Everything from start to finish was perfect.  It helped that we got sat in the beautiful outdoor patio area by the garden with the strung lights - very romantic.
Our server was extremely knowledgeable about the wine and helped us pick what to get based on our personal preferences/food choices.  
As for food, last time I visited was in October and the menu has completely changed since then, which means it rotates seasonally and that's always a nice plus.
To start, we split the lamb skewers appetizer.  Adorable presentation and the meat was so juicy and flavorful, it practically fell off the skewers.  Spicy dipping sauce was dope.  Homemade warm bread and olive oil for the table is also still delicious.
For entrees, everything on their menu sounded delicious, but we opted for their specials of the night.  I got the tilefish in a tomato broth and my BF got the octopus/sausage pasta dish.  Both were absolutely fantastic.  My tilefish was so delicate and cooked perfectly and had a delectable light tomato/chickpea broth.  The pasta was creamy and decadent with the "wow!" pops of the grilled octopus and sausage that's scratch made on premises.
For dessert, I was REALLLLYYY looking forward to their amazing ricotta cheesecake, but unfortunately it wasn't on the menu (hoping come fall it will be there!).  Didn't matter though, since we chose the olive oil chocolate cake that my boss highly recommended to me.  Absolutely delicious, light, and well balanced.  And I generally dislike chocolate cakes.  The pistachio gelato was a unique combination.  Perfection.
It is still pricey, but the portions are just right (not overwhelming and not bird's sizes) and the food is authentic and spectacular.Very overpriced and portions are way too small for the price.  If you don't want to leave famished you're dropping at least $150.00 for 2 and you'll still be hungry at the end.In early 2017, I placed a reservation for Valentine's day, but the weekend before, my wife and I both caught a cold.  I was surprising my wife, so she didn't know the venue, but I decided that we should postpone until the following weekend.  I already confirmed that we would make our reservation, but then I contacted Fred back and he said it would be ok to cancel.  We made a new reservation for Saturday, but I could only get one at 5:15.
We wanted to get dessert, so we skipped on the anitpasti.  I ordered the Fazzoletti verdi con ragu di faraona, which was spinach pasta with a guinea hen ragu.  My wife ordered the Raviolini di tartufo nero, containing sheep's milk ricotta ravioli with shaved black truffles. Both of our entrees came out surprisingly fast.  Fresh pasta only takes a few minutes too cook, but this was just a few minutes.  The portions were smaller than we were expecting, but the flavors were spot on.  My meal wasn't what I pictured, but it was so much better.  Everything on the dishes complimented each other.  We ordered desserts and went with the two, since we thought the portions might have been smaller than we are used to.  We split the Torta di ricotta and the Bocconcini di tartufi.  The cheesecake had this great blood-orange honey sauce, but the cheesecake was a bit too cold for me.  The espresso filled bon bons were also colder than I was anticipating.  
I was conflicted about a three or four star rating.  The biggest issue for me was the service.  Our water glasses were filled once early on, but then never again for the rest of the meal.  That's pretty unacceptable to me.  I also really wanted to go here for the gnocchi and right away the waiter told us there wasn't any gnocchi that night.  Other than that, the flavors and quality of the entree was good enough to justify a four...  Probably wouldn't be back on our own, but if we ever had friends having a birthday or something there, we would go back.The chef is fresh off the boat from italy and it shows.  all pasta is made fresh and is out of this world.  the lasagna was incredible and grilled veggies as well.  we each tried a dessert and were all pleased.   Nice ambiance and service.We tried the a salad, three apps and two different entrees - everything was great. Comfy vibe and friendly service - very knowledgeable on the menu. Valet parking was made the arrival/departure easy - friendly staff. I look forward to returning.Best meal I have had in years. The pheasant ravioli special was possibly the best thing I have ever tasted, while the octopus salad and the rabbit porchetta were also delicious.   If looking for Italian food in Philadelphia, this is the place I go to. I can't imagine that Vetri could be any better even even given the dramatic increase in price.  The tab came out to around $125 with tip for two people, with enough food left over for both of us to eat for lunch the next day.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a meal in the city.We went for happy hour which was a good deal - $3 beers, $5 wines, $7 cocktails, and food specials under $5. Croquettes were delicious!  Pork shoulder was great.  Tuesdays are BYO nights, or you can BYO any other night for a $10 corkage fee. Great to know!  Will be back for sure.Le Virtu
1927 E Passyunk Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19148 (215) 271-5626
www.levirtu.com/
Le Virtu prides itself on being based on Abruzzese culinary tradition.  Abruzzo is a region of Southern Italy bordered on the east by the coastal waters of the Adriatic sea and on the west by the outskirts of Rome. Le Virtu, Italian for "the virtues," is based on the concept of presenting unspoiled, wild, unpretentious food either imported from Abruzzo itself or made using locally sourced ingredients. The restaurant prides itself on the quality and authenticity of its food and guests are encouraged to stay and savor the experience.  The restaurant itself is nice on the interior with an excellent covered al fresco dining area.
Traditional Italian fare starting with bread and extra virgin olive oil. Personally, it was good, but nothing too special.
Burrata pugliese: Imported Pugliese burrata, rainbow cherry tomatoes, basil. Burrata is a fresh Italian cheese made from mozzarella and cream.  Excellent start.  The tartness of the tomatoes balanced well with the creamy dairy of the burrata.
Shrimp Bisque.  Creamy and rich.  Also a very good start to a meal.
Casarecce al pesto di pistacchi: Casarecce, pistachio pesto, grated ricotta salata. Casarecce pasta is shaped like a very narrow, twisted and rolled tube. It has a green hue from the pistachio pesto.  Ricotta salata is a variation of ricotta that has been pressed, salted and dried. Ricotta salata is hard and white and has a mildly salty, nutty and milky flavor. It can be shaved or grated over salads, pastas and vegetable dishes.
Taccozzelle ali'aquilana: Handkerchief pasta, Abruzzese-style sausage, porcini, black truffle, Navelli saffron.  Navelli saffron, more often called L'Aquila saffron, is generally agreed to be the very best in the world. Its stigmas are longer, its aroma stronger and its colour deeper than any other. And after eating this dish, I'd have to agree.
Trota. Grilled lake trout, heirloom beans, cucumbers, lentils.  Trout was served with the skin, wish it had been taken off, but that is easily remedied. Otherwise, fairly good, nothing to write home about however, but not bad by any means.  Meat was tender and seasoning was perfectly adequate.
Agnello alla griglia.  Smoked lamb top round, chick peas, mint. A far better main course in my opinion. This italian phrase is for "grilled lamb" and it was complimented by the chick peas and mint.  Served with a tasty jus sauce as well. B+ in my book.  It's only deficits were a slight overcooking of the meat and the mint was a bit too overpowering in my book.When you order a drink and they run out of an ingredient don't younthink the server should let you know?  That is our our evening started.
The frisée salad was good, the sausage and blood orange salad was great the fried risotto with cheeses and peas was tasteless and overdone.
The pasta chittara was good, the homemade pulled pasta with oil and garlic was tough and under cooked. Of course our server never checked on us so we couldn't tell him.  The taccozzelle pasta fantastic.
We ordered 4 different desserts, the chocolate semi credo and the rosette were great, the bread pudding was dry and the pear taste was just ok.
Not sure what all the hype is about.  A 3 at bestFound this restraunt with yelp.  Absolutley no place to park use the valet parking which is $16.  The restraunt was very nice the staff was excellent our waiter was Awesome and knowledgeable.  Id your in a hurry this is not the place we went on a Sunday evening took close to 30 min for our food to arrive.  Portions are medium to small.  I had half of chicken no breast with Brussels sprouts and two gnocchi.  Salad and soup did not come with it.  The dinner was $36.  The taste was nothing spectacular just chicken.  My wife 100% Italian had a pasta dish.  She said nothing amazing.  Again the place was very nice along with the staff.  Just did not think food suited a $57 bill.This was the shortest longest meal I've ever had.  
It had been a while since my last visit. The pasta is always so good, I thought it would be a great place to bring my parents, who were visiting from out of town.  It seems like they've put more tables in since the last time? I'm not sure - it just seemed more cramped and louder than I remember.  
Our reservation was at 6:30.  Our server was perfectly pleasant, and we ordered the antipasti plate while we perused the menu.  Then our server disappeared. He would walk by, hardly glance in our direction.  Hellooooo..... So we finally ordered our entrees.  The pasta special (with mussels and zucchini) was delicious, so was my husband's pork belly.  Once our entrees were cleared, we waited...and waited... for dessert menus. We decided what we wanted and waited another 15 minutes for him to take our order. This guy was clearly overwhelmed with the number of tables he was given, or maybe he was just inexperienced?  Not sure.
tl;dr  Arrived at 6:30. Didn't leave until 9pm. (not our choice) Service needs work. Pasta is excellent.If I had reviewed this place as I had remembered it in the past, it would have been a solid 4.  The meal I had tonight was not only average in flavor, but in some dishes was overcooked and in others undercooked.  I don't recognize the new Le Virtu, at all.Ate here last week - hard to believe it took 8 years! Ordered a bunch of things for the table. It was everything I expected and more. I agree with all the folks who feel it's the best italian in Philly theses days - definitely right up there with the best. The food was just magnificent. The service was good, pleasant and attentive. Excellent wine selection. My only surprise was the bread, it's made on premise - it's good, but short of exceptional like everything else we had.My boyfriend and I came to Le Virtu a couple weekends ago. He surprised me with reservations and I couldn't wait to see East Passyunk. I really hadn't heard much of anything, and I was very excited when we stopped in front of Le Virtu.
The restaurant is very no frills while still being classy. Cozy Italian. 
To start we shared the grilled radicchio with a balsamic glaze on top of burrata...absolutely delicious. The sweet glaze offset the bitterness of the grilled radicchio, and the burrata was just amazing. We also shared the charred octopus salad. The salad was very fresh, and the octopus cooked great. However, I would have liked the octopus in bigger pieces since I felt they got a bit lost in the salad.
For our main I got the agnolotti with porchetta and sage in a buttery sauce. You could definitely tell the pasta was homemade, and the portion was perfect. Not too big like at other Italian restaurants. I finished my plate and didn't feel uncomfortably full. My only complaint was that the pasta was a bit too al dente for me, I tend to like my pasta cooked a bit more. My boyfriend had the tagliatelle with rabbit ragu. He loved his as well.
Overall, a great experience. Good food and good service. Wish it wasn't so far.My girlfriend and I enjoyed a lovely Valentine's day dinner at Le Virtu. After a  special valentine's day tour of Magic Gardens on South street we headed over to Le Virtu for an 8:45pm reservation. It was dimly lit and cozy, perfect for a cold evening. We decided to share a few different plates starting with the Suppli. This fried risotto dish was a great appetizer. It was flavorful and filling but not overly so. 
We continued with the Timballo (crepes). It resembled a lasagna and the ragu was super savory and delicious. We ended our meal by splitting the Braised lamb shank with lentils. The lamb was exquisitely cooked, so tender it literally fell off the bone. The reason this place isn't getting 5 stars is because the lentils were underwhelming given the amazing flavor of the rest of the meal. I would definitely come here again and recommend it to anyone who wants to experience a great meal.Absolutely amazing! My fiance and I were lucky enough to eat there tonight during Philly Neighborhood Food Week which meant we could try 3 courses for $30! Are you kidding?! Each of these incredible entrees  were worth $30. None of the 6 dishes we tried were anywhere short of incredible. 
The homemade pasta was the best I've had. I've eaten at Vetri and enjoyed it but this was just as good if not better. Rivaled the restaurant at the MOMA (Seven?) but way more casual and whole lot closer than Manhattan. 
I could go on but I'm still buzzing from my food high and want to enjoy it
Eat Here Now!I came on a Friday and sat outside. We were one of two guests eating at the place but it was only 6pm. More people trickled in throughout the night..
We started with the Bruschetta and antipasti. It was very different from what I've had before, but it was absolutely amazing. Everything tasted so good with heavy flavoring for many of the things on the plate. My entree was tagliatelle, and it was the best pasta I've had in the states. I was in italy a month prior to my visit, and I think it was better than anything I'd eaten abroad. From tasting the other pastas at my table, it was evident the noodles were fresh and thoughtfully cooked and timing of taking the noodles out. There was also bread and olive oil brought to our table.Disappointed. Even though it looks like an awesome place, especially in nice weather.  It's menu is really interesting and kinda fun too.  Maybe we went on a bad day, but the experience soured us all to the place.
We went there with a group of 8 for a little birthday celebration.  We were told the day of the event that they needed to change our reservation to 1.5 hours earlier.  We had the reservation for two weeks...
Dinner was mixed results.  The cod and branzino were both very tasty and thoroughly enjoyed. The boar ragut and panchetta raviolis were also quite good.  The hand pressed "gnocchi" that accompanied the boar are just little flat pieces of pasta and rather underwhelming.  The handkerchief pasta with sausage and truffle was tasteless. The hand pulled pasta was not even close to aldente and woefully hard, which is strange for "fresh pasta".  We ordered a few of the desserts because they sounded good, but were not worth it.  Oh... Don't plan on getting decaff cappuccino even if you order it.  A 
It was very nice that they waived the $15/bottle byo corking fee on a Tuesday night.  However, what was a bit appalling was they charged $5/plate ($40) for the birthday cake we brought and all that was provided for that fee was a stack of plates, a knife and a few candles.  They didn't cut or plate the cake, nor offer even whipped cream or anything for the fee.  ...The next evening we celebrated same person's Birthday at Redstone Grill and there was no fee for the cake that they cut and plated, while also providing an extravagant sparkler when presenting.Looking for the perfect date night spot? You found it. 
Le Virtu is such a gem. It's classy but not too much so...the overall feel is very comfortable and homey. It set me up to chow down on some pasta and drink italian wine. Not much can beat that!
The service was also amazingly friendly and warm. We spoke with the manager for a lengthy period of time about food traditions across Italy and, in particular, the food from Abruzzo where his grandfather is from (one of Le Virtu's main drawing pools).
Appetizers:
Fried rice balls
Hearty chick pea soup is a must have. I feel like this can be easily overlooked but they use duck and rabbit stock....yum city. 
House-made Abruzzese-style sausage
Charred octopus salad was also very good. Surprisingly refreshing. The octopus was very tiny and packed with flavor which is exactly how I like 'em
Primi: We all got entree sized pasta dishes and skipped secondi because they looked amazing
Shepard Style gnocchi was absolutely amazing. Probably my favorite dish. The gnocchi was miniature and not too soft. The smokiness of the lamb sausage paired with the sheep ricotta gave these dish such warm and comforty feel to it. I could eat this all the time.
Taccozzelle was recommend by the server and rightfully so. The noodles were so fresh. The porcini mushroom was the predominant flavor, can't complain there. 
Desserts: 
Pecorino Panna cotta. Yes, get this. It is a must have. The pecorino really makes this panna cotta unique. It is extra thick and creamy, served with poached pears. I loved it. Also it is a smaller portion size which I welcomed warmly after all of the pasta I destroyed
Chocolate semifreddo was like eating the best frozen chocolate milk I've ever had.
Assorted biscotti.........I know it's a crime but I don't like biscotti. Never have. But for the members of the dinner party who do like it they raved about them.
Enjoy! I'll be back soon to try the Maccheroni alla mugnaia: the 6 ft single strand noodle pasta!Wow. Not many get the glorious 5 stars! It started with a board of some of the greatest aged, dried meats I have had in a long time. Next, the lamb ragu.... The lamb ragu.... Holy radiant lamb ragu. Get it. Don't share. That's my advice. Then finish with any secondi you'd like. You won't fail. I left with a full belly a great time, and plans to return!The BAD: Waitress was impolite and showed irritation when...My wife ordered a meal. The waitress said "We are all out of that." My wife quickly found a pasta with chickpeas, potatoes, baccala to replace her original selection, but asked them to please hold the baccala as she is vegetarian. The waitress said that is a pre-mixed and the baccala can not be removed. TWO ISSUES: 1. Was she telling us that the food is not made to order and that it was prepared earlier? For the prices they carry this was alarming, particularly involving fish. 2. She seemed irritated that we even asked to make this dish vegetarian. 
The REALLY BAD: Ricotta/Almond appetizer was poorly presented and tasted terrible-rancid almost. My mother's chicken meal was served in a pan that came right off the grill-the waiter put it on the table, didn't say a word, and walked away. She had difficulty eating it because she couldn't touch the pan and they didn't put a non-slide anything underneath it, not to mention any warning about the style of meal this was.
The OFFENSIVE: We were seated next to the kitchen. 3 serious things anyone dining here should know:
1. Every time the kitchen door swung open, in clear sight for all of the diners is a picture of 3 men, bent over, "mooning" the camera. It was right in my sightline and tasteless, considering the "class" of the venue.
2. A waiter and a waitress standing next to our table were lifting their shoes, touching the bottoms of them and comparing soles-then turning around and grabbing peoples dinner plates to be served.
3. THE WORST: The chef, in clear sight of all, was continuously eating food right from the line, using his hands. At first, we thought he tasting for proper seasoning/flavor, but after he continued to eat larger and larger portions of food we realized he was not. Heart-breaking.I think if you work in good restaurants then you eat in good restaurants.  Last night, for my first dining experience at Le Virtu, I chatted with a couple employees from A.Kitchen and Amis while sitting at the bar.  I imagine if there is anyone versed in good food, it's these guys and they were eating here.  That says something.
I had heard so many good things about this place that it got to my short list rather quickly.  When I had the opportunity to finally go, I snatched it up.
The inside is really nicely laid out and decorated.  Warm colors throughout, rustic wooden tables and marble/granite tops on the counters.  I opted to sit in the room where you could see the kitchen.  There is a bookcase filled with plates and cups sort of obscuring the view in but I was still able to see the action.
We began with the bruschette miste and it was really delicious.  There was an olive tapenade with shaved fennel, house made capicola and roasted peppers, artichoke heart with goat cheese and aged balsamic vinegar and finally, heirloom tomato spread.  Yeah, we absolutely tore through it.
My entree was the fazzoletti with duck ragu.  The pasta was pure perfection.  I was honestly expecting a red sauce but this was instead a cream sauce (alfredo style) but spiced with some thyme and maybe rosemary?  I honestly don't know but it was damn delicious.  My friend got the spaghetti con aglio e olio all'abruzzese.  It was spicy, velvety and perfectly delicious.
We skipped dessert because we had our fill on apps and wine.  The service was on point without being intrusive.
Buon lavoro!  Tornero presto.Le Virtu has been at the top of my list for some time now and I mean on my literal, "I need to eat here list". Unfortunately, getting over to that area is never easy for me but a bunch of my ladies and I decided to take the hike and were not disappointed one bit. 
First off, it's a really cute place. We felt very welcome by everyone we spoke to through the evening from the hostess to our waitress to our bartender. They also have a huge outdoor space which I fully intend to come back and enjoy more of. 
After looking over the whole menu, we all decided we needed some pasta for our mains and shared a bunch of appetizers to start. We shared the burrata, the egg and cheese croquettes, and the N'duja (the spreadable house made sausage). For me the winners were the croquettes and the house made sausage. The croquettes were simply heaven and as I loved the spreadable sausage, I wished I had more of an idea as to how spicy it would be. I loved it but it definitely had some unexpected kick! As far as the burrata, it was good but i've had much better. I could have gone without this one. 
On to the pastas... I choose the maccheroni with a lamb ragu and wow, it was delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The pasta was perfect, the lamb was delicious but not over powering in a light tomato sauce. Loved this one. I also tried and loved the gnocchi with smoked lamb sausage and ricotta but be mindful, this is a creamy /rich dish for sure. I'd image myself loving this dish even more on a cool fall evening. The last standout was the Taccozelle which had sausage, porcinis, black truffles and saffran. Loved the flavors in this one. I might need to get this one on my next visit. 
At the end of the evening, I was happy, full, a lil tipsy and satisfied. What more could I ask for? I'll be back soon!The definition of Virtù comes from Machiavelli and is centered on the martial spirit and ability of a population or leader, but also encompassing a broader collection of traits necessary for maintenance of the state and "the achievement of great things."
Le Virtu as a restaurant has achieved great things. I spent about 5 hours there on Friday evening starting with happy hour at the bar then dining at an indoor table. I was impressed all around. 
I started with a limoncello martini made with Stateside vodka for only $8. It was strong yet refreshing and enjoyable to sip. 
Moving onto a table for dinner, my group including the hubby, Sari A. and Bill M., decided to have some fun in sharing dishes. We started with the Arrosticini d'agnello (grilled cubed lamb skewers, olive oil, lemon, peperoncino, rosemary) which was so incredibly tender and flavorful. As an appetizer, we also split the Fazzoletti verdi con ragu di faraona (Stinging nettles fazzoletti, cocoa-braised guinea hen sausage, Parmigiano Reggiano). We were interested by the stinging nettles, which is actually a plant. Turns out, I'd eat stinging nettles any day. The unique flavors of this plant and hen sausage over pasta were delectable.  
For my main, the hubby and I split the Gnocchi affumicati (Smoked potato gnocchi, lamb ragu, pecorino del parco) and Triangoli al ragu di coniglio (Braised rabbit and Sicilian pistachio-filled triangoli, nepitella, butter, Parmigiano Reggiano). Unfortunately, the gnocchi was a little too smoky for my liking, but everyone who enjoys a smoky flavor found it to be great. I absolutely loved the rabbit dish.
For dessert, we ordered several things and took turns passing them around the table. In my order of favorite to still really good, we had the Torta di Nutella (Nutella ricotta cheesecake, toasted hazelnuts), Torta di mirtillo e limone (Vanilla cake, lemon chantilly cream, blueberry sauce, mint), Sfinci (Strawberry mascarpone-filled fried pastry, toasted pistachios) and Lu Parrozz' (Flourless orange-almond cake, chocolate ganache, saffron-honey). Each was great in their own way, and really just depended on taste preference. 
The service was great as well. They were attentive but allowed our group to dine versus rushing us through a meal. Our server was helpful with any questions that came up including beverage recommendations and substitution questions. 
Le Virtu was an upscale Italian dining experience with unique and innovative courses (at least to me) that vary from the many traditional Italian eateries of South Philadelphia. Throughout my visit they convinced me that they are, in fact, able to achieve great things as part of my culinary experience.Our first dining experience at Le Virtu left us a bit disappointed.  The restaurant is part of the hot Passyunk Ave. scene.  Luckily on a Sat. night we pulled up just as someone was leaving a metered spot.  Otherwise expect to pay ($16) for valet parking.  Inside, the dining space is very attractive.  Great for a fun or romantic evening out.  So the meal.  The special "Easter pie" (like a quiche) was very good.  The spaghetti with sweet and hot peppers would have been excellent if it was not so salty.  The roasted lamb with polenta and broccoli rabe was okay but certainly not outstanding.  And again, a bit too salty. The hostess and the waitstaff were friendly, but I was dismayed that our crumb-topped table was never wiped clean.  Drinks were reasonably priced. However, with a four $$$$ rating, on this night Le Virtu did not deliver a memorable dining experience.AMAZING!  Have yet to find a more AUTHENTIC delicious Italian restaurant.  The make their own pastas and their menu isn't just "chicken parm or fried mozzarella".  They specialize in cooking dishes from Abruzzo- I have been and let me tell you they get it right (well as close as right you can get using american tomoatoes etc.)!   I've had almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed.  
It's a fairly small- yet split into two sections.  It does get loud but what small restaurant doesn't??  The food is def worth more than what they charge.  It's not a cheap restaurant but it's not expensive either.Went for restaurant week which I find a good way to sample many dishes. The place itself is really nice inside and was well lit. We were surprised that Le Virtu provided four courses so already we felt we were getting a bargain. The wait staff was very pleasant and very patient with my wife's food allergy concerns. The staff filled our water whenever it was needed. 
For the first course we had the Mussels and Calamari with beans and the Egg and Cheese Croquettes. The Mussels and Calamari were very good. The beans and sauce complimented the mussels and calamari well, although the bits of mussels and calamari were few and somewhat small. The Egg Cheese Croquettes were my favorite part of the meal. I would love to use them as meatballs in a pasta. The sauce they came in was excellent. Will have to go back one day and try a pasta with red sauce dish if this is any indication of the quality of their sauce. 
For the second course we that the Mugnaia (for 2) which is their single stranded pasta served with peperoncino, garlic, and EVOO. The sauce was great and the pasta was good but parts we felt were a little gummy and too al dente. 
For the third course we had the eggplant crepe and skate wing. We each shared a half so I was able to try both. The skate wing was very good and the sauce it came with was also very good. But my other favorite flavor of the meal was the eggplant crepe. The cheese and eggplant together with the cream sauce was a perfect combination. 
For dessert (the final course) we had the Chocolate Olive Oil Cake and the Panna Cotta. Both were delicious. 
Overall a nice experience in a section of Philly that I don't often get to. I'm going to in the future.I've been to Le Virtu a few times and it's my favorite Italian in Philadelphia.  I've been to Amis, Monsu, and plenty of the gravy places in the city but Virtu is far and away my favorite and the best deal.  I really love their lamb shank and their rabbit ragu but you really can't go wrong with their menu.This is a lovely little restaurant, with delicious food and friendly service. Highlights of the meal included: Palott cac' e ove (Braised egg and cheese croquettes in tomato sauce) which tasted like meatballs but without the meat!  The octopus salad was also very good.  For entree, I would recommend the Taccozzelle all'aquilana
(with house-made Abruzzese-style sausage, porcini, black truffle, Navelli saffron) this was made with wide flat noodles and a delicious truffle scented sauce.  For dessert, the chocolate semfreddo was outstanding.
If I had one complaint, it is that everything on the menu was very rich, so if you are looking for a lighter meal this would not be the place to go.
Overall, highly recommend Le Virtu!PROS:  Fantastic service.  Very good homemade pasta.  Nice sound proofing so you can actually have conversation.  Extremely accommodating of dietary requests.  
CONS: Heavy, spicy food, not a lot of vegetables.
I liked a lot about this restaurant but sadly won't end up eating here often as the downside for me is the menu: I don't enjoy spicy food and nearly everything on the menu has serious kick to it.  Even dishes that the waiter described as extremely mild were not.  Also, there is not a lot of vegetable action going on here, which I find disappointing.  When I am ordering a lot of heavy pasta and meat, it would be nice to have some veggies to balance it out.  If you like spicy, heavy food, this is the place for you.Came with a group of 6 and had a pretty unpleasant experience.  The dishes were mostly strikeouts or singles, but there were a few home runs.  The service, it should be noted up front, was absolutely horrific, but I'll talk about the food first, since that's really all I care about.  
Smoked potato gnocchi, lancaster co. lamb shoulder ragu, pecorino-- The gnocchi were heavy, gummy, and so smokey that they basically ruined the dish, overpowering the gamey lamb/tomato sauce, which on its own was pretty delicious.  It was also over salted, which made the pecorino's presence unpleasant.  
Porchetta-filled agnolotti, sage, butter, black truffle, crushed amaretti.  The filling was dull and under salted, the agnolotti were clunky and poorly executed (way too thick and under cooked at the pinched edges), the butter sauce was heavy and needed more acid, the truffle was barely noticeable, the amaretti made the dish inappropriately sweet, and the sage didn't help a thing.  
House cured goat salame with Caponata-- The highlight of the night.  The essence of goat meat, artfully heightened and distilled.  The flavor was powerfully game-y, but still completely pleasant, and was artfully balanced by a checkering of creamy white fat with a more delicate goat flavor reminiscent of fresh chevre.  The texture was awesomely unctuous.  The caponata was the perfect compliment, and turned this from a great item into a great dish.  The "grilled rustic bread" was scorched in places... why is this so often the case at otherwise competent places?  Maybe I'm just not "rustic" enough to appreciate the flavor of carbon? 
Guitar Pasta with rock shrimp, lemon, mussels, zucchini, zucchini blossoms-- Another highlight.  The rock shrimp were extremely high quality, and perfectly cooked.  The tiny mussels were exceptionally intense, clean and oceanic.  The strips of zucchini in the sauce were fine.  The outstanding olive oil (delicate, floral and green) that anchored the sauce tied everything together with its suavity, and the lemon lent the dish a nice brightness.  The zucchini blossoms advertised on the menu were nowhere to be found-- a definite disappointment, but not a deal breaker considering this pasta's perfection.   
N'Duja, spreadable spicy pork salame--Just as addictive as it sounds.  It comes with clove-y pickled carrots that take it to the next level.  The "grilled rustic bread" that came with this was even more scorched than the "g.r.b." accompanying the goat salame.
Affettati misti, Salame selection--  Everything was excellent, especially the spreadable pork pate jawn and the various vegetable accouterments.  It's impossible not to respect a kitchen capable of house-curing this many varieties of salame this well.  
Tagliatelle Al Sugo Di Coniglio, ribbon shaped pasta, braised Lancaster co. rabbit ragu--The rabbit meat and the tomato in the sauce combined into an amazing compound flavor, delicately sweet.  A completely pleasant dish.
Taccozzelle All'Aquilana- house-made abruzzese-style sausage, porcini, black truffle, navelli saffron--  Very interesting.  I would never have expected the flavor of truffle, porchini, safron and sausage to go together as well as they did in this dish, but in the end the combination was still a little strange, and in the end I think the dish added up to slightly less than the sum of its its parts.  
The deserts all sucked, except for the semi-fredo.  
As for the service...
We got there 2 minutes before our 7:30 reservation time, and were told to wait at the bar until our table opened up.  46 minutes later (we kept count) we were finally able to sit down, and maybe 10 minutes after that a server finally made it over to our table.  By the time the first ap touched down it was almost 9:00.
While we were waiting at the bar the hostess didn't once check in with us .  I had to keep tracking her down to get a report on her non-progress.  Each time I was told "10 minutes".  I've worked in restaurants and completely understand how such a situation can come up, but not how it can go on for 46 minutes.  
While we were waiting at the bar people were piling up behind us wanting to sit and drink, so we had to look like dicks because we weren't willing to wait outside in the 45 degree weather.  Of course the bartender didn't explain the situation to anyone, so I had to.  At the bar we ordered about $45 worth of drinks we wouldn't have wanted if it wasn't for the wait.  Of course nothing was comped-- in a place this obviously understaffed you can be sure that the priority is milking the customer for every drop.  
Seating situation aside, the service was still pretty bad.  It was almost impossible to get a server to answer questions about the menu, and when the plates were brought to the table, she couldn't identify many of the items on the plate.  
To add insult to injury they tacked on an automatic 20% tip.  
Do yourself a favor and go to Osteria instead.Great salami board and the homemade guitarra pasta was to die for, it was so good I ordered another plate of it.First. We got a space outside. $3 for 3 hours. Nice table and quite which is unique. They have acoustic absorbing material not only on ceilings but under the tables. 
Cudos to management. 
Earth tone walls. Good bread and evo. 
Primi;
Asparagus salad. Charcuterie was theeeeeeee bomb. 
Secondi;
Hankerchief pasta my son loved. Shrimp with dual pasta was great. 
Main; 
Seafood stew was good but mussels were bad. Ooops. Rabbit was outstanding. 
Deserts;
Lu parrozz. Flour less orange almond cake with chocolate ganache was great. 
Chocolate semifredo was super tasty but nougat nuts were rancid. Management didn't care. 
Cheesecake was nice with berry top. 
Overall. Missed on some basics. But very good. 4 not 5 stars. Technically 3.5. But not a 3.The food is still good, but the authenticity a nostalgic vestige. 
When Le Virtù opened, I was ecstatic.  It was not just that they were serving Italian food of extraordinarily high quality - well chosen ingredients from local and Italian sources, expertly crafted, and richly flavorful - but it was that they had captured that oh so elusive experience of 'authenticity'.   This food was the closest I had ever experienced to the great great trattorie, osterie, and agriturismi where I have so widely eaten in Umbria, Le Marche, Lazio and Abruzzo.  Le Virtù had masterfully recreated the smell, texture and taste of rustic central Apennine fare: toothy pastas with gamy meat ragus and aglio e olio taken to an artform; richly fatted porchetta,  rabbit, lamb; batter fried herbs, contorni of the season.  I swooned as I ate; I was in a gastronomic stupor surrounded by nostalgic apparitions of Central Italian farmers' tables. And why not? Their authenticity came honest, from their talented  Marchigiana chef, Luciana Spurio cooking with that innate knowledge that no Batali-like whirlwind tour of Italian kitchens could ever provide.  
When Chef Spurio left, I mourned, and I stayed away from Le Virtù for more than two years.  When I realized my 'boycott' was irrational, I returned with a group of hearty-eating compatriots to have a multi-coursed feast.  The food was very good.  But it was different.  What LaBan called "convention bound" in Spurio's menu, I say is the only reason Le Virtù could fairly wear the mantle of 'authenticity'.  At the end of this lavish, enjoyable and high quality meal, I lamented to my friends that Le Virtù now seems to be trying to make 'rustic' and 'authentic' into haut cuisine, like Vetri or Babbo before them.  If the prices weren't higher, they seemed so, and the portions seemed smaller.  But even if those impressions are false, to the ambition of "elevating" rustic eating I say real rustic and genuinely authentic is an innate quality, and no amount of traveling to Italy to find new recipes can make up for native genius.  The good news it that there are such innately-informed genius chefs in our area - Franca DiRenzo at Tre Scalini and Franco Lombardo at Sapori to name two - and that the food at Le Virtù is still worthy of the praise it universally receives, it's just that its 'authenticity' is now only a very good replication.The first taste of scrippelle soup overwhelmed me with great emotion. 
You see, six years ago, my mother passed away. As you might imagine, it was quite possibly the darkest time in my life. To boot, my Nonna also moved back to Abruzzo. She lived with us and helped to raise me. I felt like I lost two parents in the same year.
For the purpose of this review, I will simply state that I'm destined to never again eat as well as I did in my youth -- but please recognize that, in reality, this is among the more trivial of my concerns.
So, here I was, sitting in this adorable trattoria, not far from where I grew up, excited by the promise of the typical fare from days gone by: arosticini, scippelle, arancini, maccheroncini alla chitarra, and so on. Le Virtu did not disappoint on any front.
I thoroughly enjoyed everything I sampled and found it all to be completely authentic, from the complimentary fried dough to the Montepulciano to the chef barking orders in Italian. However, nothing could ever top that initial spoonful of soup and the memories it brought with it.
The scrippelle soup tasted exactly like Nonna used to make. As absurd as it may sound to you, it was a connection to my Abruzzese family and, in that one fleeting instant, everything felt like it was back to normal again.My husband and I had dinner here for a date night this past Sunday night. It was so warm that we were able to sit out on the patio, and the experience was absolutely perfect. We loved the atmosphere, the attentive service, and the delicious selection of Italian classics. We had a the pasta with rabbit ragu and a lamb dish. Both were fantastic. To make the experience even more perfect, there was beautiful live jazz music drifting over from a cafe across the street -- we almost felt like we were somewhere other than the USA. We had a lovely experience and will certainly return.We would come to Le Virtu more often if it were not so difficult to park in the neighborhood. Pasta lovingly prepared to showcase all of the freshest and most beautiful elements it accompanies. A very well rounded and unique wine cellar completes your experience.Amazing atmosphere in the outside courtyard. The menu had incredibly interesting pasta creations that I've nene seen before, including a dish that is one 4.5-foot-long noodle!  Service was attentive and professional. #RSDproudFood was Medicare at best, and the worst part is the owner, who made our 84 year old grandfather sit outside in 54 degree weather, stating there were no tables inside. 
P.S. there was a table inside for the entire time that could have accommodated our party!! 
Shame on you guys!!!With so many 4 and 5 star reviews, this one likely won't impact your decision to visit. Nonetheless, Le Virtu is an outstanding restaurant and one of the better meals I've had in the city.
The ambience is fancy-casual - you probably shouldn't wear a t-shirt, but its okay to "LOL" in the literal sense. 
Our waiter was a bit on the odd side to be honest. When we asked a description of the chicken, he vaguely describes it as "Skin on chicken, cooked very rustically and simply - nothing special." TBH, the mystery surrounding this dish compelled us to order. Needless to say, of all the entrees, it was, nothing special.
The single strand and handkerchief pastas (50% of the pics you see) were fantastic. Cutting up dried peppers into your pasta was a huge win. The lamb ragu starter was delicious as well. Our desserts were totally unnecessary but really well done. It was a meal so good I had to debrief with myself on the ride home just to take it all in.
Part of the reason I can't give 5 stars is their lifeless beer list. There is no meal that can't be paired with a delicious beer. Italian food goes hand in hand with wine, I get it, but please, beer.Pros: food is seasoned well, pasta is perfectly cooked and dressed, less common Abruzzese flavors are interesting and delicious, lots of attractive menu options.
Cons: a little overpriced, stuffy service/ atmosphere (dictated by some of the clientele).
Overall: solid food, good wine, great location. Can't go wrong here. Pasta mugnaia and scripelle are great! Hint: if you get the scripelle, you're full from that point forward.Love this place. Wonderful service, great food, great ambience. Couldn't ask for more! I highly recommend all their dessert lol...Soooooo good! It was authentic and absolutely delightful.
Went here last night for dinner with the fams since it a nice place to just sit outside and enjoy a meal.
Started with the La N' duja - it was this spicy salami spread thing that you ate with toast. I dont know how else to describe it, I just know that i loved it. If you like salami then im sure you'll like this too. We also had the Polipetti bruschetta which had the most delicious sauce ever. I had to ask for the extra bread basket just so i could continue dipping!
For my entree, I ordered the Hankerchief pasta w/ braised duck and beef ragu. It was delicious!!!!!!!
And finally for dessert, we had the Budino and the flan. The budino reminded me of a bread pudding and the flan... I actually dont know how to describe this either. Chocolately cold thing? Anyways, both were quite tasty. 
I'd recommend everyone go here cause I'll be back!I lived in Northern Italy last year, but I don't remember ever having a pasta dish as good as Le Virtu's agnolotti alla porchetta. The layers of flavor, savory and just a little sweet, were awesome.
We ordered a range of other antipasti, primi, secondi, and dessert plates. Overall, it was all very good -- the N'duja appetizer (kind of like pate or charcuterie, but with more spice) and the orata (second-course fish, skinned table-side) were standouts. The crepes in broth appetizer and the panna cotta were less successful (the pears with panna cotta were flavorful, but the panna cotta texture was a bit off). 
Service, including the waitress and hostess, were solid. It's a nice restaurant with more of a classic/classy vibe, but the fact that it's in the cool East Passyunk neighborhood keeps it from feeling too stuffy.A massive plus is the outdoor dining area. It's so pretty, enclosed (as in not on the street) and warm! The staff were wonderful and all three of us who ate here and who ate three courses each were more than happy. It's overpriced there's no two ways about that but I'd still return.