The owner Roger is one of the rudest people I have ever met. Extremely disrespectful and very openly criticizes people who were not born and raised in the neighborhood. I would not recommend this place, there are much better options around.Absolutely great little breakfast spot. They have space to dine in quick or just grab and go. Their portions are great for the price. And the sandwiches are excellent. The atmosphere seals the deal. Old school ma and pop feel. Highly recommend.This is definitely the best breakfast place around. Fresh rolls, great portions, cheap but awesome quality. Every time I go I'm never disappointed. Thank you Lisa and RogerJust came back from Lisa's. I work very close by and this is my first time going. I got the Little Country w/ fried onions and a coffee. It's nothing fancy but tastes great and you can not beat the price! I will be going back...soon.Amazing food. Also inexpensive. By far best breakfast in the area. The owners Rodger & Lisa are super friendly & caring people. Highly recommend, you won't be disappointed!Amazing breakfast at a great price! Had the baby baconator. $4 and I was totally full. The full baconator at $5.50 was huge. Nice married couple who run it. A great business. Cash only!It is what it is - Lisa's Kitchen makes damn good breakfast sandwiches really fast.  Call as you are leaving and once you have parked they will be ready.  Great rolls, decent quality ingredients, perhaps not the cleanest but clean enough for what you are getting.  Prices are very reasonable, portions are large, and the quality of the finished product likely exactly what you want on a hungover Sunday morning.  
I'd recommend the Baconator or the Lil' Scrapper...This place is nice and fast. The breakfast sandwiches were great and the turkey bacon is awesome. Not everywhere has good turkey but they do! Lol the only thing that sucks about this place is the lacking of parking and tables to sit down and eat on. We had to double park about run in and grab the gold real quick. Besides this minor down fall this place is really good!When ordering from Lisa's you know what you're getting into, nothing over the top. The sandwiches are okay, i think they're skinny but you can't beat the prices. Also keep in mind this is a cash only joint.This place is great!!!! Great food for $5 you can't finish her breakfast sandwich. Better cheese steak and chicken steaks than all those places on Henry ave. this nice couple takes great care of you. It's a much try.Lisa's kitchen is awesome!  Food Excellent. Service is great! I highly recommend!I love this place! Great prices! Great breakfast.. owner is amazing.. place is very cozy!!Came here for a breakfast with some friends. We all ordered egg sandwiches with meat and cheese. Pretty standard sandwiches, were cooked to order and tasted great. These sandwiches are cheap. You can order them in two different sizes, the baby or regular versions.Used to live right around the corner from this place. God I miss their breakfast sandwiches. So delicious and fresh, I used to get them almost every day. Highly recommend.There is no other way to put it, this place completely justifies a 5 star rating.  Sandwich is huge.  Great roll.  Breakfast sandwich egg not scrambled.  Super cheap.Best breakfast sandwich in all the land. I LOVE this grab and go breakfast spot, a must visit while in Manayunk.This is an amazing little place! Best breakfast sandwiches we have ever had!  Lisa and Roger are always so friendly and Lisa always gives you a piece of bacon for your dog or kid!  I recommend this place to everyone! My only complaint would be that we never know when they are open!Great place for a breakfast sandwich.  Friendly service and fun to watch her cook.  Very small, so it's pretty much take out only.  There are a few seats, but it's crammed.  Will definitely be back for more.Amazing little breakfast counter. This place is run by two locals who clearly have a love for their neighbors. I ordered the Big Country which was sausage, egg, cheese, and hash browns on a long fresh hoagie roll. Delicious and filling. This place only has enough room for 3 bar stools so it's great for a quick stop in or take out. Very friendly service and warm conversation.Stopped here after a nearby yoga class. The smell of bacon greets you as enter the shop. The owners (a husband and wife) greet you. She mans the grill while he jots down your order. I got a breakfast platter: the hash brown was crispy without excess oil, the eggs were exactly as ordered, bacon thick and perfectly crunchy and the coffee was fresh and hot. I will definitely stop by again if I find myself in this area. 
Ps street parking was readily available. Bring cash as it's the only form of payment they accept.OH MY GOD! This place is the perfect restaurant. My pup loves visiting, the breakfast sandwiches are heaven - crispy hash browns, freshly cooked bacon, soft rolls. Having such friendly and warm service is just the icing on the cake.Disappointed that YELP sd Lisa's was open at 8 this morning, but it wasn't. Hope to try it another time.Great breakfast food! The only reason why it didn't get 5 stars is because they are not open Sundays. What breakfast place isn't open Sundays?!? I probably call every Sunday hoping things have changed. Best breakfast on the block. AND they are closed all summer. Wish they would hire someone to take over those hours!!! Especially with all he hungover people in Manayunk. They would make a killing on Sundays. Nice people.If you live in the Yunk, (Manayunk) then this is a great find especially if you had too much fun the night before. Killer breakfast sandwiches with the hash browns on the sandwich on a good Italian roll. Very cheap. Funny service from the couple who own it. Like 10 seats top. So you may have a wait on the weekends. They are closed a lot. So call to make sure they are open. Maybe the best hangover restaurant in the city. Is that a category? If not it should be.I got the baconator and the food was not cook. I return it and got nothing but attidue from Lisa.And I saw Lisa drop food on the floor and use the same towel on the toaster. I will not return food is not great at all.Food here has always been good. Grabbed lunch to go a few times. Nice place to go to change it up. A little too small to bring a large group.SO good. Exactly what you want in the morning especially on the weekend. $5 for a huge breakfast Sammie. Enough for 2 meals. Also accommodate and make egg white Sammie's. amazing.  Only downside is that you can't eat there you have to take out.  Other than that, 5 stars all the way.Breakfast sandwiches are always a solid choice. Or you can go with a big ol' chesseburger. Great local joint for a greasy breakfast/lunch, especially when there aren't many diners around.Keith is right! My favorite breakfast sandwich - sausage, egg and cheese on rye toast is UNDER $3!! I don't know how they do it! I eat one half at a time and skip lunch.  Lisa and Roger are a joy! I could go on and on about how great they are and how much their food ROCKS. But I don't want it to sound like I'm trying to get an invite to go fishing;-) Thanks for being in the 'hood!!No nonsense cash only breakfast joint with tasty sandwiches.
I ordered the ham egg and cheese topped with hash browns on a long roll. I think its called the Farm Hand.
The bread was soft and chewy. It did its job of highlighting the sandwich contents well.
Inside lay a generous helping of fresh fried eggs, crispy hash browns, thick slices of country ham, and salty American cheese.
This was a massive and delicious sandwich with lots of salt, fat, and flavor. Great for a Saturday breakfast.It's Sunday morning, you just woke up and you're sooooooo hungry but you don't have time or want to pay for expensive brunch. Well good news for you! 
Lisas kitchen is the perfect quick breakfast spot! So many options (they even have turkey bacon) and lisa and her husband keep prices low so your huge bagel sandwich doesn't break the bank.
My boyfriend and I finally made it here this weekend and we're so happy to support this yummy neighborhood spot!Fantastic experience; was looking for a breakfast sandwich and selected this based on reviews - Debbie and Roger provided excellent service; sausage breakfast roll was excellent; I sat at the counter as it was in between breakfast and lunch rush hours; when I'm in the area again I'm definitely returningBest breakfast sandwiches you'll find around. Homey little place off Ridge, food always comes out quick.Don't get me wrong... The breakfast sandwiches are amazing. I love them and I crave them every weekend, which is why I'm giving 3 stars. HOWEVER, I feel that on top of making good food, you should also treat your customers with respect. Every single time my husband calls in our order, he is treated with complete rudeness. He is a very kind and polite person, so I promise you it is not deserved and it makes no sense. She answers the phone and takes your order as if you're somehow inconveniencing her. No people skills whatsoever. Never any shred of kindness or happiness... Just a completely miserable person. We can't be the only ones who experience this. As much as we love the food, we've decided we can no longer support this business. It's a shame because we live literally one block away and we love the food, but we no longer feel like paying someone to be mean to us every weekend for simply ordering food from them.Excellent breakfast sandwich. My first ever Yelp review but was a huge fan of my Kaiser breakfast sandwich and bagel sandwichThese breakfast sandwiches are absolutely delicious especially after a party night! Definitely try the specials sandwiches with the hash browns it's so tasty! You'll be VERY full though so beware!Great food, simple menu, and great staff. The couple that owns it definitely makes sure their customers are happy and food is a bargain for what you receiveLisa's is awesome.  Breakfast sandwiches are a good size, cheap and taste fantastic.  The owners are so friendly and seem to know everyone, even if they don't know you they make you feel like they do.  You will not be disappointed here.Love this place. No bullshit- I'd eaten here while seeking out scrapple on a trip to philly and when I decided to move here, proximity to Lisa's was a factor. It's a simple, classic product. Perfect for a hangover or after a morning run out on the wissahickon. I tend to go either Big Country or Big Scrapple (add hot peppers to any sandwich), but would also say you shouldn't sleep on the Hottie. All sandwiches are a robust 2ish pounds and should probably be eaten sparingly. Luckily the folks at Lisa's make sure you can't over-indulge by closing the restaurant for half the year ‍.
Thing to consider- this is a grab and go spot. recommend calling your order in.Old school cash only breakfast place that's open on the weekends but closed Monday early in the wee.  This mom and pop shop serves mega sized breakfast sandwiches with a side of conversation.  Large enough for two people the baconator comes with a plethora of bacon, several fried eggs and a couple hash browns on a long roll.Very small, busy place. We went today and immediately realized that everyone calls in orders ahead so that they don't have to wait. But we had time so decided to hang out for these amazing sandwiches everyone was raving about. The man who took our order said it would be about 40 minutes. No problem. It's a tough restaurant to wait in because it is so small but we managed. Several other people came in without calling in orders after us so they were waiting as well. Forty minutes came and went and still, no sandwiches. At 65 minutes, a man who came in 20 minutes AFTER us got his sandwich. My husband and I and the couple next to us (who came right after us but before that man) looked obviously shocked and annoyed, but didn't say anything. Then, about five minutes later, the man who takes orders came over to ask us to tell him again what we ordered! That was it. We were willing to wait for food for a long time, but when it looked like we may never get a sandwich because the orders weren't even being run in order, we were done. Clearly this place has a huge following so they don't need my business, but I wanted to write this review so other new visitors know what to expect. Call ahead.This place is great! Loved the food, the owners were friendly, and the prices were reasonable. If you're in the area looking for a quick breakfast, I highly recommend Lisa's Kitchen .Wow! What a hidden gem ! I've driven past this lil place in the tuck , sooooo many times and never noticed it until I went on maps in my phone and searched breakfast & brunch so glad I did.  Called in my order and the guy was so nice . Enormous Sandwiches for the money , it was excellent keep up the great job. I'm a very picky person so this a great find for me will definitely tell friends and return again soonGreat breakfast sandwiches in a tiny shop. If you're looking for a meal on a roll at a reasonable price, check this place out. One recommendation is call in your order. First, there's not much room to wait. Second, they go until closing or until they're out of rolls, so you know you'll get your food.This place is long overdue for a review. Although my check-in record says I've only been here twice, I've visited Lisa's Kitchen at least a dozen times.
I love the breakfast food here--it's perfect for an on-the-go meal... Or a big hangover. My favorite thing to order is the Country Sandwich (Big or Little, depends on my appetite). The heart-stopping combo of egg, cheese, sausage, hash browns, and roll hits the spot every time. Plus, the price point is great. I can order a big breakfast for myself for under $5.
They close between Memorial Day and Labor Day, and they don't cook on Mondays and Tuesday's. Otherwise, you can have breakfast to your heart's content!All of these reviews are pretty spot on. It's a cash only, no frills, delicious breakfast place.
Super small so only a few people can fit inside so know what you're going to order. Most people in there are regulars. They either do a kaiser or long roll but I'd opt for large since it's a much better bang for your buck.
Portion size is great for an average of 5.50 for a large sandwich. A friend and I split one turkey baconator. Two hash browns on them too which was so tasty.
Plenty of hot sauce and condiments if that's your style too. Also have OJ, chocolate milk, coffee, etc.Upon calling Lisa's and placing my take-out order, I was initially pretty unhappy with the phone conversation and ready to place a negative review. However, this changed when we went inside to pick up our order. 
When I first called, the woman on the phone (who I assume was Lisa), was very short, did not allow me to finish my order, and seemed to rush me on the phone. I was left with a negative feeling after the conversation.
When we came to pick up the orders, the people inside were very friendly, and the woman cooking started up a conversation with us, telling us about the cinnamon rolls and how much her friends loved them. The food was ready for us to grab when we walked in, and they managed to talk us into buying two cinnamon rolls as well. 
***Important to note: They do not take cards! This was news to me, but luckily my partner had some cash on him. I did not see an ATM anywhere inside or nearby. 
The sandwiches were pretty greasy, but they tasted great and were exactly what we were looking for after a night out. I asked for two orders of hashbrowns with ketchup, but unfortunately only received one, with no ketchup. Maybe they didn't have ketchup to take home, but I wouldn't have known this based on the short conversation I had when placing my order. The cinnamon rolls were delicious, and probably the best part of the whole experience.
Overall, the food was great and I enjoyed the friendly service when we came to pick up our orders. Took a couple stars off because of the lack of service on the phone and lack of an ATM, but I would come back, even if just for the cinnamon rolls.Great breakfast sandwiches in a tiny shop. If you're looking for a meal on a roll at a reasonable price, check this place out. One recommendation is call in your order. First, there's not much room to wait. Second, they go until closing or until they're out of rolls, so you know you'll get your food.My favorite breakfast place in Philly! The shop owners are very friendly, prices are cheap and service is quick. I've tried the Baconator, Old Country (sausage) and they were both amazing. They put two crispy hash browns in every  sandwich and the meat and eggs always taste fresh. The buns they use are also really good!Definitely can't tell how good it is when you walk past. 
But delicious place ran by a very nice couple. 
Their sandwiches are great and a cure to any hangover!Lisa's kitchen has the best breakfast sandwiches around! The Baconator is wonderful. Everything is always cooked to order, hot & fresh! The only downfall for Lisa's is that they close for the spring & summer.. see you in the fall! Make sure to call your order in beforehand so your not waiting...this place is popular!Lisa and Roger are great- and long time Roxborough locals. They have the best Philly style egg sandwich on a long role in the area. The store front is small with a few benches in the window for eating in- but we usually order to go. They open super early through fall/spring, but generally close for the summer.The King George is my favorite egg sandwich in the whole world. Crispy hash browns, chewy roll, cheesy eggs.Okay so this is a not a review solely based on my opinion, it's definitely my based more on my significant other's love of the place. Bob and Lisa are good people, always call ahead it makes everyone's life easier.This place is so dankkkkk. Yummy yummy hash brown in Sammy. Lisa is a saint herself and I wish she was my momThis place is a must!! Oh. My. God. There aren't even words to describe how amazing this place is. Every single thing they have is out of this world good. Customer service is top notch. They're very friendly, even at the crack of dawn. Portion size is HUGE! My husband got the Big (or Varsity) Country and it was the first time I have seen that he couldn't finish his food. It was that much! For the money, you absolutely can't beat it. Plan to order to-go because seating is ultra limited and if you have a small stomach, stick to the JV menu. That is, unless you want leftovers (and you will)!If you have yet to try one of Lisa's breakfast sandwiches, shame on you. 
Cash only. Call ahead or drop in to place your order, and chat with the wonderful  owners as they whip up your breakfast right in front of you. 
There are a few seats if you decide to dine in.
Food is cheap, comes in two sizes, the baby and regular versions, and is OUT OF THIS WORLDThis is the ultimate breakfast sandwich shop! Incredible low price for a big sandwich, a great start to your day if you've just been for a long run, have a long day of work ahead, or are hungover. Egg, cheese, protein, and a hashbrown all on a sub or a kaiser for about $4-$6? What could be better! Quality service, the owners are great and work really hard to make you happy. My favorite place to get breakfast in the neighborhood.
The only things I will warn you of: there's no real seating area, if it's busy on a saturday morning you aren't going to want to stick around and eat there, it's very limited counter space. Also, call ahead! You only need ten minutes or so but still a good idea.Lisa and her husband are such great people and they make an awesome breakfast for the right price. One of the things I always look forward to during the school year. Really good vibes and really good breakfast sandwiches.This place is a mom and pop place where you truly wish the owners were your parents. The sandwiches are ridiculously good, made fresh in front of you, and all come with a hash brown in your PEC? Phenomenal. The bread is great too and the prices are on point. What more could you ask for? I'm trying to become a regular because it is thaaat good, and the vibes in there were amazing. The owners know everybody who walks in, and they're super friendly and warm. Please visit this place, you won't regret it. Also FYI they're cash only!My girlfriend and I decided to come her after looking for a new breakfast place and it has become our new favorite place. I have never been so excited to go get a breakfast sandwich every Sunday. The food is deceptively simple but absolutely delicious. The couple that runs this place are great people too. If you're looking for a place to grab something to eat you can't do much better than Lisa's kitchenThe Little Country was one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had (sausage, egg, cheese AND a hash brown on a Kaiser roll). Already can't wait for the next one.Went for breakfast, which is what you will be going there for as well cause of their hours. 
In short I loved the place. Run by two people who enjoy what they do and are proud of the place. I got the varsity (long roll). Ordered half to eat there and half to go home. The bread/meat/egg/cheese ratios are SPOT ON. I know the picture makes it look like it might be bread heavy but it works. The varsity is a big sandwich so plan accordingly. It's a solid breakfast sandwich spot. I felt good leaving Lisa's kitchen. 
All sandwiches come with egg, cheese, and that wonderful hash brown. You pretty much play around with the meat choices. I got the scrapple since I am new to Philadelphia. I liked it. I am not sure if everyone will. It's like meat loaf made with pork. 
The vibes are cool, plus it's one of those places that has sassy quotes on their wall and I am a sucker for those kind of places.This place is a mom and pop place where you wish the owners were your parents. The sandwiches are ridiculously good, made fresh in front of you, and all come with a hash brown in your PEC? Phenomenal. The bread is great too and the prices are on point. What more could you ask for? I'm trying to become a regular because it is thaaat good, and the vibes in there were amazing. The owners know everybody who walks in, and they're super friendly and warm. Please visit this place, you won't regret it!!