I've only had their Tacos Al Pastor and they're always spot-on!  Addicted to them now.  I dream of them on a nightly basis.Disappointing: expensive for what you get and average, greasy food. Unfriendly and unresponsive service.So the GF and I have been settling in to our new apt and didn't really have time to cook this week. So all the more reason to order delivery and try out new restaurants!
We were craving Mexican and decided to try out Los Taquitos de Puebla (you can order online through Living Social which gives frequent discounts!).
Ordered the tacos de pollo (chicken), tacos al pastor, and the especial (mixed meats, cheese, peppers, onions). 
The GF's pollo tacos were pretty good - juicy, but just chicken nonetheless.
Al pastor tacos were unfortunately on the dry side - came with pineapple mixed within - nice sweet tang to offset the hot salsas (this is coming from a Korean)! 
The especial was far from dry (contained chicken, beef, and steak I believe) with a ton of cheese. I would call it  fajita mix with a boat load of cheese. It was supposed to come with 2 corn tortillas which I think they forgot. No matter - I had my own flour tortillas which I prefer - so made myself a nice little burrito. On top of all the tacos - I know, I know - I can't help it. There was still enough for 2 more meals of the 'especial.' At twice the price of the tacos, it's still a better deal if you're looking for leftovers. 
Had a separate container of limes, pickled onions, and cucumbers which was a nice touch.
Delivery went smoothly - the man was quite nice. 
All in all - not something I'll be craving anytime soon - but if I'm feeling lazy and craving tacos, I can see myself ordering from them again.Despite the limited Mexican food selection, I am rating it as the Best Mexican Food in Philly for their portions, quality of food, and price.I recently stopped in this little restaurant for dinner before popping over for dessert at the Rim Cafe. My family is Mexican, so I was interested in tasting some of the acclaimed philadelphia cuisine. The interior/exterior design was pretty nice; a little worn, but colorful and modern.  I order a fairly traditional meal- horchata to drink, with tacos al pastor. They start you off with chips and two different kinds of salsa, both of which were delicious but really spicy! The horchata was pretty good too, though I wondered if it may have been a mix instead of handmade. Unfortunately, our main entree's weren't as great, which is why I'm giving it 3 stars. The tacos looked yummy, but thats about it. The pork wasn't as seasoned as some others that I have had, and it tasted as though it was either frozen or had been out for a day. And the cilantro and onions weren't as crisp as they could be. The staff were very nice, however, and we spent a total of $23 for dinner for two. I can't condemn the whole restaurant because I've only been once and it may have other gems, but overall I probably wouldn't visit again.I went back and forth as to what rating to actually give them.  I've ordered delivery from them a few times and I LOVE certain items and HATE other items.  I'd probably rate them at a 3.5 because the items I LOVE were really, really good.  
The dish I've loved, and wouldn't hesitate to order again in the future, is the chorizo tacos.  They're so simple but so perfect.  Ground chorizo is cooked and placed into corn tortillas and topped with raw onion and cilantro.  The spiciness of the sausage against the almost sweetness of the onions and the herbiness of the cilantro is the perfect balance.  Their salsas are also insanely delicious (even if they are extremely spicy).  I tried a bit of the guacamole before (even though I have a mild allergy to avocados) and it was spicy but very flavorful. 
I've also ordered the quesadillas and found them to be very bland.  This most recent order, I got the chicken quesadilla.  The chicken was lacking in any kind of seasoning, it was moist and tender though, so I've got to give them credit for that.  They also had a "cheese" sauce on it that was rubbery and congealed so that was completely unappetizing.  
Their menu is large and there are a lot of things I'd like to order and try, I will probably just always get an order of chorizo tacos in case I'm not happy with what else I get.Delicious Authentic Tacos. If you eat at Taco Bell then stop reading NOW. This place is NOT for you.
Finally got a chance to eat here (It's been on my list for a while now)..Really Authentic Taqueria (They could really use some of these in Cancun I tell ya)...Anyways, Tried the Queso Fondito with the Mushrooms, Guacamole and the two types of Tacos (Al Pastor - Pork with Pineapples and Beef Short Rib). They were all so tasty and flavorful...The two kinds of Salsas that accompany the food are so hottt !!!! but a hint of them on your tacos is a must !!!!
Can't wait to try more of their dishes (especially the more exotic cuts ..Tripe, Tongue etc)I have (maybe) a new favorite sandwich in the neighborhood.  The Cemita de  Pueblo al Pastor was one of those revolutionary moments, like the first banh mi or even that first roast pork sandwich.  Starting with the al pastor described in Jon L.'s review, the meat is then thrown on the grill to get crispy.  It's then loaded in a Sarcone's round seeded roll, topped with avocado and (I think) an herb called papalo-- the ever-more-eloquent-than-I New York Times described it as "the bite of watercress and the breath of cilantro" in its review of the cemita as a sandwich style.  The final topping is pineapple-- not enough to impart sweetness, but just the amount that will let you know it's there.
On my first tasting and memory of the sandwich, I'll give it a 7 stars out of 5 of taste.  Because that may be faulty perception, I'm going to bring some to friends this weekend so I may get other opinions.God, where do I begin to list the problems? I believe I'll go with a modified bullet-point system.
 - Complimentary salsa, but no chips?! What the hell is this?! I was at a loss for words when this ominous dark cloud of a sign came to be realized. What the hell am I supposed to do with two bowls of dip and nothing to dip in them??
 -  The ridiculous prices would indicate they are somewhere - ANYwhere - but the Italian Market. Northern Liberties this is not. $12 tacos when 15 other places within a 5-block radius are selling the same exact thing for $5?
 - An entire menu with no vegetarian options, no fish, no seafood of any kind, and only one chicken item?? I don't eat red meat, which automatically elimintaed 99% of the menu for me. Not to mention that everything on the menu was "smothered in cheese." In my opinion, that's a very Americanized thing to do. Maybe that's why this place gets such good reviews, because you can't taste anything but the cheese.
 - There was more grease than chicken on the tacos that I ordered, and whatever they put on it was not chicken. It was either another meat disguised as chicken, or former chicken that had gone south, because this stuff was funky. It tasted disgusting and I sent it back after 2 bites, got my money back and left.
I definitely give them credit for their unique menu with items like beef tongue, snout, head, eyes, etc etc etc. If Bizarre Foods ever does a Philadelphia episode, this would be the first stop. But learn to walk before you run, Los Taquitos de Puebla. Master the simple things first.
Oh well, at least I got to try apple soda, which was a first.Best tacos I've had in Philly! (yet)
Seasoned to perfection al Pastor pork. Melt in some Chihuahua cheese, and add a slice of avocado on top = heaven. Then just for good measure, add a side of cowboy beans (soup laden with more pork). And there you have the "Al Pastor con quesillo, frijoles charros, y aguacate"
Bonus: they're open late, and delivery with online ordering from grubhub and a few other sites.
Double bonus: extremely spicy salsa verde.Do you like Tacos al Pastor? GREAT. Try this place out. Don't like them? Then why do you even bother eating food, since you obviously lack tastebuds? Just ingest tasteless nutritional paste. 
The ambiance is not tops of the pops, and the place looks like it could use a scrubbing and some paint, but those things shouldn't throw anyone. Some tacos and a cold Mexican Coke will take care of that. And always check the bottle! Some bottled Coke is made with corn syrup, which is not what you want. And the choriqueso is highly recommended if you need imminent heart failure for some reason.Great tacos + Delivery to Old City = Awesome
Tripa tacos weren't as great as the ones at El Jarocho. Al pastor, carne enchilada, chorizo, skirt steak all were all very good and tasty. They put whole grilled green onion bulbs on each order.Although I live just steps from this place, I initially tried their tacos at the most recent Italian Market Festival. What really caught my eye was the Shawarma style meat on the vertical spit. I'm familiar with how delicious Shawarma meat is in Middle Eastern cuisine, so I just had to try it in taco form. Three tacos al pastor and a hollowed out pineapple slushie later, I realized they had won me over. Last night I stopped into the actual restaurant because I was craving tacos so badly. The staff was very nice and friendly, the tacos al pastor were once again delicious and I learned they are open until midnight everyday. I'm surprised at all the bad reviews, but I've got nothing but good things to say.Decided to try this place in the Italian Market.  We weren't disappointed at all.  We had the chicken burritos and they were incredible.  The chips and salsa were great and hot.  We couldn't have asked for a better stop in our journey.  We will be back.I had a voucher from MyTownVIP.com, so I thought I'd give it a shot last night.
First of all, I love that this place is BYOB. My husband and I were starving, so we stopped on our way to the Phillies game and had some excellent food and drank some beers. The place is kind of a hole in the wall. There are maybe ten tables in this tiny dining room, but the whole place definitely has a warm feeling to it. There's a pretty awesome mural on the wall, and there was a soccer game playing on the TV in Spanish. There was one server who was very nice and was doing a pretty good job of taking care of us and the 3 other tables seated at the time.
As soon as we were seated, our server brought us 2 salsas (a mild chunky tomatillo and another that was smooth and wonderfully spicy, I suspect habanero) and a plate of cucumbers, radishes and limes for our tacos. I showed our server my voucher before ordering, as I do at all restaurants, to confirm what is and what is not included. She was very knowledgeable and there were pretty much no restrictions, which I love hearing anywhere I go. I asked her what she recommended, and like  most of the Yelpers, she recommended the tacos al pastor.  And WOW! The meat was so delicious, with so much flavor. The tacos also had these big slices of avocado on top, which I really appreciated. I know that avocado is not a cheap ingredient, but it always seems that restaurants skimp on them so bad that they might as well not offer them at all. The pineapple chunks inside the tacos were also the perfect compliment. It really brought the whole thing together and added so much brightness. My husband had the short rib tacos that were also excellent. The meat was really wonderful- the fat rendered perfectly with exquisite smoky flavor, and it was topped with perfectly cooked peppers and onions, and Chihuahua cheese on the side. They were HUGE portions too. We even had to take some home!
This place is the real deal. If you are in the Italian Market area and are craving some real authentic Mexican food, this is your spot.ordered offline from eat24. very amazing chorizo taco! nice delivery personI went here yesterday and I have to say, the tacos that I had here had be the best I've tasted in the city. I went with my fiance who said he hasn't had Mexican food this good since he was in Arizona years ago. The portions were huge, the meat was beyond delicious, the salsas had a good kick (we're chili-heads, we routinely use around two handfuls of habeneros in a pico de gaco for two), and the chips! We couldn't stop eating them. Wished we had more because I'm still craving them the day after.
We had the mushroom quesedilla, the shredded pork tacos and the shredded beef tacos... oh man. The flavors. My mouth is just watering thinking about it. Everything was so tasty and the flavors blended together so nicely, especially when one is being terribly fat realizes that guacamole would be the perfect offset, the touch of creamy fat that made the best last bite. 
We've had tacos all over and don't mind driving any distance for good food when we're in the mood and we'll definitely be back and recommend this restaurant to anyone who appreciates good Mexican food.I love Mexican food and love Los Taquitos - it tastes great and is a good value.
Most of my experiences with the Taqueria come from ordering food to be delivered to my house.  When I am physically in the Italian Market I do not regularly stop here.  No particular reason.  The delivery is relatively fast, the food arrives hot, and the services is with a smile.  Ordering online makes the whole process that much smoother, tip on the card - bada-bing!
My favorite items are the tacos el pastor and the tacos de costilla especial (short rib).  I always order the chips and guacamole to supplement my tacos, and at $5 it's a great value.  You'll have quac coming out your ears by the time your done.  Most items I've tried have a bit of a kick to them, so folks who do not like spicy foods should approach with caution.  I've yet to have any of their "head meat," but I recall from pig roasts I've attended that the head meat is very rich in flavor, so I might go for that next time around. The tacos are topped with freshly chopped unions and many with sliced avocado, they garnish the platters with a grilled scallion which I also enjoy.  The salsa that comes with the tacos is delicious as well, spicy and very flavorful.  
Last time I ordered was when I had some guests over for an Eagles game.  Tacos and guac plus some lagers made a delicious complement to an Eagles win.  Easiest way to try it out, if you live in town, is to go on GrubHub and order delivery, give it a shot, you won't be disappointed.Not thrilled. We had a craving for Mexican food on a Saturday night but didn't feel like heading out. We figured we would give this place a shot and order delivery. We both got beef tacos and shared cowboy beans/guacamole. The beef tacos were ok. The meat was pretty good, but a little too salty for me. The guacamole was really spicy. I typically love spicy, but it was full of jalapeños and overwhelmed the flavor. The cowboy beans were probably my favorite part of the meal. I wouldn't order again.I have to admit I have had there shredded beef tacos and the el pastor tacos delivered to my pad like four or five times and I always look forward to their food.  The Chips and Guacamole are always part of the deal. If I can I save some for the next day I do, if not food coma here I come. . .   
That being said order and enjoy, great price, portion and deliveryDON'T make the mistake of limiting your South Philly taco intake to La Veracruzana and La Lupe. Los Taquitos de Puebla is too good to miss, and just as the cuisines of Puebla and Veracruz (neighboring states in Mexico) have marked differences, not least of which are the differences in local agricultural products, no two South Philly tacos are exactly alike. 
I had an order of tacos al pastor, cooked on a kabob-like rod and containing a unique blend of seasoned beef and pork. They were served up with delicious nopales (a popular cactus dish) and two fabulous salsas. Go for the roja! Go for the fire. 
An order of cebollitas preparadas (little grilled onions, seasoned) can really round out a meal, especially if you can share them with a few friends. And for your drink, grab an agua de horchata: a milky, rice based drink made with cinnamon and lime. Sooooo good. It's pretty rare to find "real" homemade horchata these days. I didn't ask if theirs was the "real deal" at Los Taquitos de Puebla, but I certainly found it convincing enough.This place place isn't bad...it's just not that great.  They've got a plethora of options, but many popular ones aren't there.  Who only serves carnitas on the weekends!?!  I mean seriously!
Also, the food just simply isn't all that tasty.  The tacos have a lot of tissue and fat, not much actual meat.  Across all of the dishes I've tried here, the flavors are there but aren't that full; most of the time, it's the additions of cheese, sauce, onion, cilantro, and lime that make the dishes here, which is not a good thing.
If this is the only "authentic mexican" restaurant you've tried in Philly, I think it's about time that you spread your wings a bit.
I've never been a fan of "comparison reviews", but I can't resist in this case...all-in-all, Puebla's okay, but I much prefer Taqueria Veracruzana (a block away) because of their larger restaurant (I hate waiting for a seat in a small resto), more options, and fuller flavors for the same price.i grew up in southern california, and this place really brings to mind the foods i had there. when you order tacos, dont expect cheese lettuce and tomato - expect fatty meat in a tortilla, and love it. they do sprinkle a little cilantro and raw onion, and with marinated meats like this that is all you need. 
we had carnitas tacos too, with pieces of pinapple with the pork. really sweet and good. 
they also give you all the chips and salsa you want.
not a whole lot of ambiance, but not awful either. they have tvs on with mexican channels. its a byob, so bring some Tecate to complete the experience.I'm Mexican and just moved here from Southern California. I was told that I wouldn't be able to find any decent Mexican food in Philly. wrong. 
This place is as authentic as it gets. DELICIOUS! The tacos al pastor are the way you'd get them in Mexico. No more worries about getting homesick for Mexican food.  :)
(now if only you guys could have 74 degrees with sunshine all year.)I was born and raised in San Diego, CA and have traveled throughout Mexico, also lived in Mexico City for 3 months. So, I understand good Mexican food. I had this place deliver to me tonight, and it was a terrible meal. I couldn't eat 1 of 2 chicken quesadillas because they were so bland. The short rib tacos w/ avocado and quesillo were also surprisingly bland. Really only the cheese and avocado made it edible. I still could only eat 2 out of 3 of the tacos. So disappointing when my mouth was watering for good Mexican food tonight. Maybe I should have tried some of the more exotic dishes. However, I always start w/ the bread and butter dishes to first judge a Mexican place. The frijoles were probably the best part of the meal, but they were a bit too spicy even for me. El Jarocho still remains my #1 in Philly.I love this place.  I've been a handful of times, and every time, we've ordered the queso fundido (think Mexican fondue) - such a good starter!  Comes with warm flour tortillas for dipping.
Great chips and salsa to much on while you're waiting. 
Super attentive service from both the host and our waitress on our last visit (weekday, lunch).
I most recently got the chorizo tacos, which were standard, but good. Tacos come with lots of accoutrements on the side (like radish, cucumber, etc), which is nice for munching!
There's lots of crazy tacos on the menu, but I tend to stick to the basics, which are always satisfying. 
Food is a 4, but with the addition of really good/fast service, 5 stars. Good for a casual date or with a few friends.A friend brought me here following a workout.  I ordered the Bisteca con queso.  Served with jalapeño infused onions.  Wow. Add the red or green chili sauce ( I tried both) and a bottle or 2 of Dos Equis.   Awesome meal.  Staff was friendly and helpful.Puebla was my favorite taco spot... WAS.. Then something happened.. 
I was first introduced to a Puebla pork taco at the yearly food festival that takes place on 9th St (Italian market). It was love at first taco!! All it took was one bite and I was hooked!! It was so good I had to come back for more, and I did. 
The restaurant was very small, like a little hole in the wall but those usually turn out to be a gem. The first few visits were great. My tacos were on point, price was fair and quality and taste were there. Then product availability became an issue. They were always out of something I ordered and well that made me unhappy... It gets worst... The taste and quality of their food went from a 10 to a -1 FAST! I don't know if they have changed owners or cooks but their food stinks. At this point the food is not something worth paying for. I really do not recommend this place. I'm really disappointed. Save your money and go to Taqueria Veracuzana were consistency, quality and taste remain the same.We decided to go back recently, but not only was the service terrible, but the food was awful too!  The waitress took our order and told me that my tacos would not include beans b/c they were out of bean (how is a Mexican restaurant out of beans?) then she brought us water and two types of salsa.  I asked her if there were tortilla chips and she told us that they were out of chips (really?  You're a Mexican restaurant that's out of beans and chips?  Wha?).  Our two orders of tacos arrived and they were dry and totally void of taste.  I'm so sad that this place went downhill but I would NOT go here.  There are lots of other great places-with both chips and beans.Crave, crave, crave!
I literally crave their tacos al pastor! Extremely spicy and very flavorful. The bold flavors of the pork were balanced by the sweetness of the pineapple pieces on top! Good portion for the price. 
Skip the guacamole and come for cheap, tasty tacos.OK... Stop what you are doing and go here.  It's a hole in a wall and you might be a little concerned about the appearance when you walk in.. but the food is great.
I give this place 5 stars on the whole in the wall scale.    The appetizer of Chorizo and Cheese was amazing and just the thought of the smoked port rib taco's still make my mouth water.Is it a hole in the wall? Yes.  Is the food so great it makes you want to eat until you are in a Mexican food coma? Yes.  
Taquitos de Puebla has a great menu with dishes that are beyond the usualy Mexcian fare usually found at small restaurants.  My husband and I usually judge a Mexcian restaurant 50% on the food and 50% on the salsa.  When you sit down and order, you will be given two salsa and chips.  One is a dark red, chocolately, smoky,spicy salsa and the other one is a vibrant green tomatillo and jalapeno salsa.  I love both but can only eat small amounts of either b/c my spicy tolerance is minimal.  The staff is friendly and the tacos are fantastic! I wish the tortillas were fresher, I'm not sure if they are handmade but the tortillas at La Lupe are better (the best in the ciy).  The tacos al pastor are the real draw.  They also have a stand near the headhouse square farmers market on Sundays.  I hope to try the squash blossom quesadilla next time!I ate here yesterday with a friend and both of us got food poisoning. This is great because I have my job interview today. Also, the food was not at all impressive for the price. I definitely had better Mexican food in the Italian market.Rating: 3.75
Man this place has potential....
The GOOD: Tacos are awesome!!! BYOB :) FYI Cash Only
The BAD: Limited menu...Run out of food all the time...Service is ehhh average 
If this place could improve their inventory management and not run out of food all the time I could give them a true 4.0...but with a limited menu of pretty much tacos and quesadillas compounded with food shortages almost every visit this place deserves a 3.75 at best. It really sucks because what Puebla does right (TACOS) it does exceptional, however when you go for your favorite taco and it's OUT every other visit something is wrong! The service is friendly but not quick nor attentive. Like I said the food is tasty but Puebla is lacking in other facets of a good restaurant :(Tasted like I was back in chihuahua, mx... The cheese was authentically Mexican. We ordered the bistec tacos and chicken quesadilla. They definitely don't hold back on the spicy hotness! The green salsa was my favorite... Full of flavor and spice!! We will definitely be coming back.*** This review is for the Los Taquitos de Puebla's taco stand at the Headhouse Farmers Market ***
These guys work quickly and so the taco wait was not too long, but while you are waiting it may be enjoyable for one such as yourself to watch how that pork on a spit is sliced, thin-chipped into the warm tortillas; the same sword slices snips of pineapple from the top of the spit. 
Screaming now: THESE ARE MY FAVORITE AL PASTORS TO DATE!!! Delicious. For real...
And now calmly I'll add that the tinga quesadilla with un poquito extra of the bright orange hot sauce on the side was some tasty business as well. 
You know those steps over by Dark Horse and there's a FedEx box there? Well that's my leanin and eatin tacos spot. I claimed it for my own but you can use it as long as I'm not there. I could lean and eat Los Taquitos de Puebla tacos there all the live-long day.Located a little down the street from Pat's and Geno's you will find this place. I had an amazing time here with a group of friends in Philly last month.  It's a little hole in the wall, so don't let that be a deterrent. Any place that has a "People Love Us On Yelp" sticker is always a good choice.
This place is the real deal when it comes to tacos. I had the chorizo, jalepeño, y queso tacos, and it was everything.  I also snagged a piece on my friend lengua de carne (cow tongue) tacos, and they were also pretty tasty.  My friends and I were not dissappointed with anything that was put in front of us.  Our only complaint is that we wish it had some air conditioning. It got very hot and sweaty, especially eating all that good spicy food. 
The staff was awesome as well, very helpful and friendly and we got $20 off our total bill because we were in a group. Score!   This place is a must for Philly locals and visitors to expierence an awesome taquería.Short rib tacos are so tender and good.  Tacos al Pasteur are good too especially with the melted cheese and avocado.  Guacomole has diced jalapeño which I found better than other places.  Cash onlyI'll just start by saying, that this place is excellent for what it is, which is a small, cheap taco joint.
I haven't had delivery from there, so I can't comment on that experience.
I went there with a large group, we ordered the tacos al pastor, carne enchilada, chorizo, and arrechera.  All of the tacos were excellent, the meats were well seasoned and yummy.  The tacos had a significant serving of meat each, and the arrechera tacos were slightly larger than all the others.  
We also took a semilla of al pastor to go.  It was giant and split between two people filled us up.  Very yummy and cheap.  
We really enjoyed our food, and when looking for a cheap spot we would certainly return.I got takeout from here and it was great.
My friend and I decided on a quick taco meal on Sunday while watching football.  He lives in the surburbs so he said to me "all we have where I live for delivery is pizza or chinese."
Enter city living.
I fired up grubhub showed him all of the options available to him.  I had walked by Los Taquitos the night before so I quickly jumped on it.  
Holy quick delivery batman!  Maybe we just got lucky but they stuff showed up in 25 minutes from ordering.  We went with the Tacos De Costilla and the Tacos de Bistec con Queso.
Very tasty.  Excellent meat and the cheese was really tasty too.  The sauces they included were so awesome.  Both had a nice kick to them but contained enough flavor to make they delicious.  They also included, onions, cucumber and lime wedges to add to the tacos.
I'm really a fan of this place and I will definitely be ordering again.I recently stopped being vegetarian after 15 years, and I am NOT exaggerating when I say that the tacos al pastor here were worth that long of a wait.  WOW.  It's not that frequent that you come across a place that does tacos right, with meat roasted on a spit, and damn is it worth it.  I try to take out or eat in their small (but rarely entirely full) dining room, but it is fun to see them at Headhouse on Sundays too because you see the meat-slicing guy reach up and pluck a little slice out of the pineapple above the spit.
Not a ton of English is spoken at the store, but everyone is super friendly.  Amazing sauces-- I usually get both green and red because they are both sooooo good.  mmm.. now I want to go back ASAP!Ordered delivery to rittenhouse area at 10pm on a Saturday night. Great service and great timing!
The carnitas sandwich with avocado was beyond amazing.
A must try for anybody in Philadelphia looking for real Mexican food.I went back to Mexico just for a few minutes.  Well, Not really...this place is a authentic as they come.  I got talking with two mexican guys standing near a barber shop and asked where was the best place to have a great meal in the area.. Both atthe same time pointed and said Los taquitos...so, i went to Los Taquitos...great choise, I order their special tacos Lengua(tongue) and cesos(brain) just like if I was in  Mexico.  Our server a short young Mexican female was so friendly and welcoming.  At the end I saw a couple having soup well is not really on the menu.  She asked if I wanted to try it, Since im open to trying anything I said yes... Chicken Sope on Mondays will be..Dellicious soup or Mexican stew.A nice place to have a quick lunch, with a good selection of tacos (also with more interesting fillings than the usual pork, beef or chicken, such as beef cheek, tripe, tongue and pig snout (trompa).
Always good are the tacos Al Pastor (shepherd's style).  I don't think the salsas are as good as in some other taquerias (very thick consistency) and the quesadilla with huitlacoche (the corn fungus euphemistically translated as "mexican mushroom") had too much of fast congealing cheese for me.
Service is nice if sometimes distracted and I like the agua de jamaica drink (why are all the aguas frescas the same in Philly?), as well as the house version of horchata.The guacamole was very good! the tacos were good but i have had better.the waitress was VERY nice. The only thing I would advise people to do is to bring cash because they don't take credit cards at this restaurant! Overall, I would definately go back to just eat the guacamole and chips and maybe try something new!I read the reviews and decided to give this place a try since I've been to taqueria veracruzana and la lupe. I thought it was average. There was no one else in the restaurant except for us and the service was average, nothing to complain about. The waitress never asked what we wanted to drink. I thought the el pastor tacos were ok. The complimentary salsa (red) was way too spicy and the salsa verde didn't have much flavor and chips cost extra there. Even though it wasn't that expensive $1, it's still the point that the other two places include unlimited chips and their salsas were much better tasting. I judge a mexican place on their salsa and chips. The chips were also sort of stale.1) They were out of half the things on the menu that I tried to order... Al Pastor and Alambres.. nothing obscure.
2) I repeated (and spelled) the address about twenty times to multiple people they put on the phone and they still went to the wrong block.  We were literally 3 BLOCKS AWAY from the restaurant! Our food arrived an hour late.
3) No cilantro and onions and the avocado was brown. 
Thumbs down Los Taquitos de Puebla!Best tacos in philly. Had the Al Pastor. Ridiculous. Went back for more. They were out of Al Pastor. Got the smoked pork chop tacos. Fantastic. I opened the box and they left the pork chop bones on top of my tacos. I was like what?!! And then i realized that there was some nice meat on them bones.Authentic Mexican! Special taco platter was huge and everything was fresh. Friendly service.I bought a groupon and visited the restaurant earlier this month with my family.  There are plenty of choices on the menu - even my dad (who claimed he didn't like anything being offered) found something.  If you expect a glass with your drink, think again!  You'll be drinking from the bottle.  On a positive note, the guacamole was amazing.  The homemade chips were gone as soon as the server put them down on the table.  The food is pretty decent and no frills.  I don't know if I'd call the lighting mood lighting - but it was pretty cave like. Also, I found the prices a little higher than expected (still low compared to other restaurants).  Overall, I can't say I was blown away by anything other than the service and guacamole.  Fortunately, if this is what will win you over, than this is the place for you!Had dinner here for the first time last Friday. I have been searching for an awesome taco place for years and never ventured into this neighborhood. Man was I missing out. I had the carne enchiladas and my wife had the pollo con poblano sandwich. Both were fantastic. I wouldn't go for the ambiance, but I sure will go back for the tacos.We ordered a quesadilla, tacos and guac for delivery and had a terrible experience.  First, the food arrived cold.  Second, the guacamole was missing.  I called the delivery man and eventually spoke with someone at the restaurant about the missing piece of my order, and they told me that there was no way it was missing.  They then tried to tell me I didn't pay for the guac.  Then eventually, the restaurant agreed to send it, only to call back 15 minutes later saying they weren't sending it.  Never once did they apologize, and it was only after I asked repeatedly did they agree to give me my money back for that portion of the order (though this still hasn't happened).  Third, it was supposed to arrive at 5:45.  It arrived at 6:45.  Lastly, I'm wondering if they completely messed up my order because the quesadilla was basically soggy chicken and iceberg lettuce with a little cheese in a soggy soft tortilla.  It was inedible.  The taco was 2/5.  Truly, you are better off going to Qdoba than this truly awful restaurant.Went to my favorite Mexican place and to my disappointment found that they had been sold to a new owner... I ordered the al pastor tacos... they definitely were not the same  ...very disappointedI was fairly new in town when an awesome woman--Jodi, when will I see you again?--told me about a farmers' market between Pine and South streets. I went up there looking for all that fresh produce that I rarely eat. Everything was pretty normal, the basil looked like basil and the cheese seemed pretty expensive even after I found out it was made with happy cow's milk from New Jersey (yeah, New Jersey!) until I caught an aroma that sent me back to Mexico--No, Mr. Vento, it wasn't a sweaty ICE agent--but the scent of some pastor meat roasting somewhere near me.
At first I thought I was getting homesick once more, even after I had bought all the "super hot peppers" from one of the stands to cook me some rajas con crema. Completely in denial, I repeated to myself, "no, this ain't happening. You're just thinking things, a bunch of pendejadas. ¡These gringos wouldn't have tacos at the mercado, por amor de dios!" But the scent had already had its effect on my olfactory epithelium, which is something inside my nostrils. Soon came to mind memories of the good old days down in Mexico City, where taquerias abound as humid days in Philly's sticky summer. 
No sooner had I made myself clear on the lack of taquerias in the City of Brotherly Love, than the pastor aroma was hitting me once more. I looked everywhere as I walked. Well, I didn't look where I was walking because I bumped into a crowd going nuts for their tacos. Yes, tacos in the mercado! I knew I wasn't daydreaming because I saw the pastor trompo spinning before the fire, its meat roasting, my mouth watering, my dreams coming true--well, at least my taco dreams--, and my amigos from Taquitos dispatching orders all over the place. 
I broke through the mass of people--I basically skipped the line--and, making use of all my bilingual skills, ordered "una orden de tacos, por favor," to which the guy there answered with a smile and three tacos. 
"¿Con salsa?" he asked.
"Fuck yeah," I thought. "Si," I said. 
I was barely recovering from such a shocking experience when the guy, good old Carlos, told me they also had quesadillas on hand-made tortillas. I don't know what that may mean to the average reader but hand-made tortillas just improve the experience. 
"Bring'em on, Carlos!"
 "¿Qué?" he asked.
"Échame una," I said.
They were delicious: corn smut or corn truffle quesadillas, an Aztec delicacy known as Huitlacoche; squash flower quesadillas, a barrio favorite. I try to make it every Sunday to the farmers' market not only to have some of those quesadillas. I also stop by to check on my Mexican friends and buy produce that I never eat but sits so colorful in my fridge until it spoils.Okay, it was dumb to order tacos on May 5th, I get that. But two hours for delivery? For three things? A little much.
The quesadilla was average, the chicken tacos were okay. Well seasoned. The shredded beef tacos were yuck. Overlooked, rubbery, and cold. I asked for sour cream on side only on the chicken and it came on top. They included a Togo tin of lemons and picked cucumber...weird. 
I might be convinced to give this place another chance as I've worked in restaurants forever and know that a busy holiday can screw anyone up.This is a tiny little taqueria tucked away in the italian market. The interior is basically the definition of a dive, but their food is the best mexican I've had in Philly thus far. The dishes are served with a plate of sliced lime, radish, and cucumber, as well has verde and rojo salsas. The tortillas are fresh and handmade, which makes a big difference in mexican food since recipes tend to be simple.
I had the tacos al pastor, which were incredible. I loved them with the pineapple and verde. The chips were good and fresh, too. 
And they have an assortment of sodas that do not contain HFCS. It is BYOB, so bring your favorite mexican beer. 
Why can't this be closer to my apartment?So good to have a real Mexican food option this close to the famous "Geno's" and "Pat's" iconic cheesesteaks! 
So, you can get a real Quesadilla with "salsa verte" and some tacos de pastor...
You will require some patience as service is kind of slow... but good food!Phenomenal Semitas, tacos, ect.  Very authentic, fresh, delicious.  Really nice people running the place.  Delivery all over the area too.this is one of my 2 equally favorite taquarias in the city (other being the tacos locos taco cart at 6th and washington) the salsas are great, tacos are great, frijoles charros have huge chicharones in them, cebollitas and whole section of the menu dedicated to the head of the cow, including eyeballs. even if you dont eat that stuff you have to admit it rules. i also cant seem to drive by this place without going in to eat.Great al pastor tacos!!! ~ $6.00/ order of 3.  They serve it with a dish of radishes, lime and cucumbers.  They also give you two types of hot sauces; green and red.  The green one really gives you a kick!When I ordered food for my office I thought this was going to be surefire given all the great reviews. The food was bland (even with the salsa and toppings they provided), not one of us liked what we got (with 14 people there was a robust sampling of the menu). I had chicken tacos, unoriginal I know, but the lettuce was slimy and the chicken was completely unseasoned. I could barely get through one taco. Even my colleagues who got the famed tacos al pastor and pork short rib were unimpressed. The chips and guac were amazing, but that was the only good part about the meal. Maybe they had an off-day?So I'm a filipino guy who looks like he's everything but a filipino.  I walk into this place 1030AM and I'm starving.  A woman greets me and asks me if I'm there for "trabajo".  She can't believe I'm there to purchase food. Granted I'm a bum, but she only relents when I pull out some cash and make stupid eating motions.  
After all that, I order 3 tacos and some beans to go.  I ate one taco and was pretty full but I could not stop eating. After devouring the tacos and flinging grease everywhere, I decide to taste the beans.  Being quite the Gaseous Clay, I should have left them alone, but five minutes later I was in a food coma and as happy as can be. 
I have to go back again to see if it was real or just a dream....When I walked in here, I thought perhaps I'd found a gem.  It was small, packed, and virtually everyone here was Mexican.   We managed to score a seat pretty quickly.  
I didn't want to be typical and order a taco or quesadilla so I went w/ the chorizo gringa, which  I realized was basically a quesadilla when I got it.  It was served with a side of guacamole and was pretty tasty.  My boyfriend got the beef short rib tacos which a bit overdone, as the beef was really chewy. 
The server was really sweet but she didnt' speak much English and kept on forgetting our drink orders.  They also had a lot of 'beef head meat' on the menu (ie beef eye, beef mouth, beef tongue) which I'm not adventurous enough to try.  The place also wasn't as cheap as I thought it'd be- the 'special tacos' ranged from 13-15 bucks.  Regardless, I will probably try another one of the many Mexican places in the neighborhood next time.I had high hopes for this place......but I'm sorry...it was
GROSS.The best tacos I've had in Philadelphia.  Absolutely delicious.  The simple, no-frills vibe of the place is refreshing for a city that has perhaps become a little bit too dining decor-obsessed.  You will leave here absolutely stuffed with deliciousness for under $15 a person.Holy f*ckballs this place is good.
Just went today for lunch. It's a virtual sh*thole but the food is so good and fresh, you won't care how dirty everything else is. I just made tacos the other night for dinner (which I *thought* were good) and now I feel like a jackass after eating here. 
We had the al Pastor Sheperd's Tacos with cheese and the grilled cactus with avocado and cheese. They were both amazing but I have to say I think I'm favoring the cactus dish we had. We slurped it all down with a few apple sodas. Some friends ordered the Horchata but I didn't get a chance to try it. I will definitely order it next time. The food came out super quick. Our waitress was very nice and sweet but the other server working with her didn't seem as cheerful.
This place delivers. We asked how far they would deliver, hoping they would go to our neighborhood -- but no such luck. She said usually between Market and Oregon on the blocks below Broad St. Oh well. 
If you live in that vicinity, you are one lucky bastard.Visited on a Saturday evening. Not very busy. Had tacos al pastor. The best I've had in the city. The tortillas were thin. Most other places are a bit too thick for my liking. Pork and pineapple. The best combination. And the table gets a nice bowl of sliced cucumbers.  6 dollars for three tacos, might have even been 5 bux. A great deal either way.
Visited late night a few days later. More than half drunk i walk into a sea of hispanic men. Guys practically sitting on each other's laps. Good think i was getting it to go. I walked toward the kitchen, ordered the al pastor again, waiting awkwardly against the wall, and in amazing time (less than 5 minutes) my order was bagged and ready to go. I will be back.Definitely coming back here! They were so kind and gave great service! We had the Deep Fired Whole Tilapia that was to die for! Juicy and filled with flavor.Found this place on WISHUNU website & wanted to try it. Disappointed in quality & freshness of food. If you like spicy meats that are cured this is the place for you. I filled up on tortilla bread & chihuahua cheese which was ok but not what I am used to at other Philly Mexican restaurants. So many more wonderful choices in the city. Don't bother. Also we were the only diners in the restaurant on a Friday night at 8 pm.Simple and delicious. No frills, but great food and good service. I had steak tacos, a side of avocado, and the cucumbers and radishes that came on the side. The green salsa was particularly good. Yum!Loved these TACOS. We've been there twice and each time have had GREAT service and so muchdelicious food! The first time, we each got our own dishes and we had enough left overs to have a second meal. Also, super affordable. I like the ambiance compared to other taco joints on 9th Street, as well -  No florescent lights, just sweet waitresses with spot on meal suggestions. This place isn't super fancy but its LEGIT and tasty. On New Years Eve I went with a friend. We brought some drinks with us (BYO) and between two people, we shared one side dish (Chihuahua cheese and chorizo with  tortillas) and one kinda deluxe taco dish and we were both very full. Good service. Good food.From what I understand the food here is from a different State than most Mexican food in Philly.  It is a bit expensive but I had some pork short rib tacos and that meal was probably the best food that I had eaten in the past 6-8 mos.  Seriously.
PS it's cotdamed expensive but worth itEven though Chad was served a Coke with HFCS (yet still made in Mexico), the pico de gallo made up for it! The salsa was actually served a few minutes after we received our entrees because it was being made fresh. It contained lots of jalapenos, making it the spiciest pico I've ever eaten. I'm always happy when restaurants don't automatically tone down the heat for the gringos.This place is pretty good. They have interesting fare and it seems authentic enough to me. (but wtf do I know about Mexico) I think everything with meat is much better than the vegetarian options, but at least they have them.  They also have eye tacos. 
I suggest going there, picking it up and going somewhere else to eat. The restaurant isn't the nicest place to be, and their delivery service has been known to just never show up.Rated best tacos in philly...I thought they were good, but not the best. Its real mexican food a decent price but I've had better.  If I was in the area, I would possibly stop in, but Philadelphia Magazine may have gotten this wrong.This place was a HUGE disappointment.  It seemed nice enough at first (I do love the mural on the wall), but it rapidly went down hill.  The waitress came over and brought green and red salsas, but no chips. Instead we got a plate full of radishes and cucumbers. You had to pay extra for chips and an extra serving of salsa (which we needed since the servings were fairly small). Less than ideal, but at least the salsas were surprisingly spicy and flavorful.
The menu seemed exciting with so many options, but unlike every other taqueria in the city, you cannot get 3 different tacos in your order, which should have been a huge red flag.  So, if you order the one horrible thing on their menu, you're stuck with 3 of them.  Lucky for us, that happened. 
My husband ordered al pastor considering how everyone seemed to like them.  I thought I'd try something new so I got the  tacos de cecina yecapixtla especial.  I suppose it was my mistake from ordering anything from a taqueria that was $15, but it was my birthday and I thought I'd "splurge."  It took longer than expected especially since we were literally the only people in there, but eventually 2 large-ish plates arrived.  The al pastor was decent, but nothing mind blowing.  The cecina however was the most disgusting thing I've had.  This was no salted, cured meat.  It was literally chunks of beef marinated in soy sauce.  I've marinated meat in soy sauce and it came out great with a subtle flavor, but this was CLOYING.  It wasn't even high quality soy sauce that I would use for marinades, it was like that cheap, overly salty soy sauce packet you'd get in Chinese take-out.  No matter what I added, nothing helped.  The vegetables that came with it (a ton of onions and nopales) were also doused with soy, so I couldn't even cut the taste.  I decided to combine al pastor with it and the rest of the tiny salsa serving but that didn't help either.  I was tasting that horrible soy sauce in my mouth for hours after.
One type of taco they do well is not worth coming back here.  I'll go to a place that is capable of making several good tacos that I can mix and match.Guacamole: Excellent.  Very fresh and simple guacamole.  Chips were okay.
Tacos al pastor: Flavour was not bad, but pork was overcooked, with some pieces burnt to a crisp.
Barbecue Lamb Tacos (only on Sundays):  Lamb was on the dry side, stringy.  Not enough flavour. 
Soup that came with the lamb: Very nicely flavoured, and comforting, with some kind of soft-cooked grain (rice?) in there.  There were chickpeas in the soup which would've worked better if they'd been cooked longer (to soften).
A nice thing is that they bring out a plate of cucumber and radish garnishes for the table.  The salsas (red and green) were very spicy.  
Server was nice and friendly, didn't seem to speak much English.  Restaurant is clean.
I'd come back here for the guacamole, but I think there are better places nearby for tacos.  I noticed they had a lot of different kinds of head meat tacos, so it might be worth a try if you're looking for head meat.I tried this place twice already.  The first time was because of a groupon.  
It's a little bit of a hole-in-the-wall, but that's actually kinda a good sign that it's authentic, as the common wisdom goes.
I really dig the chips and salsa, as well as the pickled vegetables they offer.
The tacos were very very tasty, I think more so than most other places because it seems like they grill their meat, as opposed to just cooking on a flat-top.  And they put chihuahua cheese on some of their tacos, which I never had before.  I've tried their steak, pork, and chorizo tacos.  They also have more adventurous items like head meat, tripe, tongue, which I will definitely order next time.
Bottom line, I highly recommend this place, with or without a Groupon it's a great deal.Order the Tacos de Pollo (chicken tacos) and you'll never look back. Holy hell are they good!
Apart from that, the decor is great, the staff is friendly, and Tony who used to work at La Lupe is now here, and he's awesome. Staff is super nice. BYOB!This place doesn't have much curb appeal but, the al pastor tacos were AMAZING! I ordered them with cheese and avocado, the platter also came with cowboy beans which was basically a spicy bean and vegetable soup ($14 for a giant plate of food). The beans were spicy and hearty while still feeling light and healthy. The al pastor tacos had very little or no pineapple, but it wasn't missed, the pineapple would have overwhelmed the delicious pork imo. These were way better than the al pastor tacos I had at the taqueria all the locals recommended in Mexico. My boyfriend ordered the short rib tacos, it was basically a pound of fatty beef on corn tortillas, I didn't care for them very much. He also ordered a chicken quesadilla which was packed full of that amazing mexican cheese and well seasoned chicken. The salsa (verde and a spicy red) were both really tasty and served with complimentary chips and a plate of veggies. The only thing about the menu I didn't like was they didn't have much a la carte, I like to mix and match different tacos and sides. 
We both had enough leftovers for another meal. It's small and there was only one other couple seated while we were there. Another plus is that you can byob. 4 stars for a simple place with great authentic mexican food.