Los Gallos is one of my mainstays. It's consistently good, wether I eat in or take out and I frequently do both. In house the service is friendly and quick and the restaurant itself is clean and spacious. As for delivery, they're always faster than I expect. The food is fantastic, I have to stop myself from finishing every single chip and scoop of guac. Tacos and burritos are great and the mole is one of the best I've had. 
I thought they might be closed today (it's Labor Day) and when they answered and put me on hold, I definitely high five-d my bf and we did a happy dance, it's that good.Pretty good Mexican food. Nice chille rellenos, great shrimp tacos. The guacamole is not fresh and neither is their salsa. Service is ok, not rude, but not friendly. All in all I expected better based on reviews, but I cannot give 5 stars to guacamole not made to order and from a jar.Tacos were amazing!!! Our group shared el pastor, pollos rancheros, carnitas, and saudero. Each plate comes with three loaded tacos. The pineapple on el pastor was the perfect touch of freshness. We also had guacamole, which was so fresh, and tortilla soup. We were so happy with everything served.  The environment was also fun, with bright colors and decor, and very friendly service.
We would definitely recommend this spot right in downtown Philly. BEWARE of the parking situation...it may take a few minutes and a few times around the block.This place is consistently amazing. This is one of the few spots where I will order something different every time I've come in. I have a had the verde enchiladas in the past and they were mouth watering. The horchata tastes exactly how it's made in my hometown and made me a little homesick. My most recent trip I tried the shrimp tacos. They used a generous amount of shrimp and topped it with their fresh pico and chihuahua cheese. The servers are always patient and happy to explain any menu items and inquire about desired spice levels.I decided to visit the restaurant because of the raving reviews. Well I would say that my food was not good at all. The beans were not seasoned, the sauce the enchiladas came in were salty and had a bitter taste. I actually decided to send my food back to the kitchen. The waitress wasn't pleasant but I wasn't surprised because they are working her hard -she's literally doing everything. I wouldn't recommend this place but my friend enjoyed his burrito. I tried his burrito also and didn't care for it.Amazing nachos! Delicious pork tacos.Los Gallos is definitely off the beaten path, but it is a must. I asked a few Mexican friends where they go and Los Gallos was a consistent answer.
Since Los Gallos is BYOB, my girlfriend and I now go on weekends. It is a great substitue for Cantina. It is cheaper, better, and you never have to wait. The only thing Cantina has over Los Gallos is outdoor seating.
Contradictory to Yelp information, they do accept credits cards!Everyone in here is so nice. They make you feel welcomed as soon as you open their ridiculously heavy door. 
When someone asks me where's a good place to eat, there's two places I think of. This is one of them. This is where you can get cheap, delicious food that tastes like your mom made. It's that good.
I'm not sure what part of Mexico they are from but they're a legit Mexican place. None of that Americanized Tex-Mex crap. 
If you enjoy good food, give this place a try.Eaten here a few times before and it has been decent. Today i ordered pickup for two burritos: 1 chicken burrito no dairy, 1 veggie burrito no dairy. I know english isn't  the first language of the lady on the phone, so i tried to be really clear. failed anyways. 
Got to the restaurant, and I am told that the chicken burrito has dairy and veggie burrito has no dairy. They were kind of unpleasant about the entire thing. Apparently she said "Chicken ALL" which is suppose to mean that the chicken burrito will contain all of the listed ingredients. This is unfamiliar terminology to me, but if you're ordering make sure to listen closely. 
Anyways, just decided to pay for the veggie burrito and go. Before leaving I asked about 3 times whether the veggie one had cheese. and she looks at me as if i am really stupid before answering "no" for the 3rd time. 
Got to the car, found out the burrito had cheese. Went back to the restaurant, she blamed the cooks and while i was expecting the worst, she did refund me. 
Bottom line: Good food. Learn Spanish.Amazing food and very pleasant service started with the the free chips and two sauces. Be careful. I filled my stomach with them, they were so tasty. Then mistake #2, we ordered guacamole and chips. So tasty   What ever space was filled with that. Then got the white rice drink with cinnamon. Tasty as hell. 
Then the wife for the chorizo taco. Tasty , 
I got the #89. Pollo o Bistec con Dos Huevos. 
Chicken with two sunny side up eggs. 
Needed a wheel chair to carry me out. I ate like a pig.10 out of 10. A++ 5 Stars.
There is nothing negative I can say about this place. Food is great. Service is great. Even the Coke-A-Cola that is supposed to be shipped to mexico is sold here. The thing about this Coke is that it's made with Sugar cane....not syrup....much better taste. My pal Dino and I go there all the time. 2 sods, 2 orders of Tacos...I get the Al Pastor ones at $9.95...total bill was $23 bucks.
The owners are also really nice guys who will come out and talk to you. LOVE THIS PLACE!
-Big ChrisI found this place when I was trying to find a decent place to eat located close to my house, and definitely did! Los Gallos is a cute little restaurant at the end of a south philly city block. I can only review what I had but everything looks good, just depends on what you like. 
I've had the Fish Ranchero Tacos and the guacamole. The tacos come three to and order and are delicious. I love the fact that they come with avocado on top! I also like the put some of the salsa that comes out with the chips on it for some additional heat (I like it spicy!).  For the guac app it was a huge portion that I don't think my friend and I were able to finish. It was homemade, fresh, and came in this bowl that looks like a pig. 
I have since come back and have enjoyed my tacos every time and frequently recommend it to my friends.Went for lunch at 1 p.m. on a weekday, so no crowds. Squash blossom was pickled somehow, but still tasty in the burrito I got. Love that they have Oaxacan cheese - that's how you know it's real Mexican! Appreciate the diverse menu too.Nice restaurant/cafe located in South Philly.  We were in the mood for some tacos, and never tried this place before.  We ordered the lengua and chicken tacos a la plancha.  Lengua was very tender, and overall the food was very flavorful and plentiful.  It is a place we would come back to try some other dishes.  Not our favorite tacos but certainly worth going back to try the other dishes.  If we could, we would rate this 3.5 stars, and the place may deserve a higher rating as others have given if we had some other dishes.Was there with friends and family last weekend.  Best Mexican food I have eaten so far in Philadelphia!!Huge and cheap portions of tasty, authentic Mexican food! What's not to like? The waitstaff is fast and attentive. This is my favorite place in Philly so far.Fantastic tacos and specials. I love their ripe avocado.Not an extraordinary Mexican restaurant in Philadelphia, but their sauteed fish tacos and sweet iced horchata earns an easy 4 stars in my book.Thought the food was terrific!  Authentic Mexican food and such nice people running the restaurant. I had a little trouble understanding the waitress accent but I pointed to the menu and we were able to get exactly what we wanted.OMG I just got chicken & beef tacos and they rocked! !!! I think they sell themselves short on the menu like the Tacos also come with radishes, a fresh pickled hot pepper plus 2 sauces which are clearly homemade. I also got the steak nachos which was enough for 2 adults & 2 kids. Another plus I just walked in asked for a take out without calling ahead and my whole order was done in 14 minutes flat. I saw them cook everything in front of me and I will be a new decoration from now on :) I strongly suggest you try them. They delivery, eat in or take out either way you can't loose.Original review: Four stars just because one weekend I called multiple times and was placed on hold to get food delivered. It would have been better to go and pick up food but the rain was too much to venture out. 
Aside from that, the food from here is better than any Mexican place I've ever been to. From guacamole to fish tacos to their platters.... I am always happy with whatever I order. Lovely establishment with great prices to match! Must try if you haven't already!
Updated review 8/17: FIVE stars!!! This place never ceases to amaze me. Their fish tacos are to die for!! Picture attached! They give extremely generous portions, I had three large tilapia filets that weighed close to a pound alone. One eaten, the other two tacos will be for lunch and/or dinner over the next couple days. 
Only recommendation is having a waitress and a person answering the phones. When I arrived there were three tables and two take out orders waiting for pick up. By the time I left, six additional tables were filled and the waitress was running like a chicken without a head! Very courteous and sweet, and did a great job.. I just felt bad she didn't have a second set of hands...Went here for dinner one night with my boyfriend, the food was good however we had to wait awhile for our food. The restaurant was crowded so I do understand. The orchotta water was very good and came in a large tall glass. Complimentary chips were also served while waiting for a meal. Will most likely visit again, but not in a hurry to head back here.Everything was on point. The chicken was a little bland but I love this place. Their juices are always great too and the portion sizes are hard to come bySeriously the most authentic Mexican in town!!! It is a tie for my favorite Mexican food in town.This is an amazing restaurant. We had the chili rellenos and steak tostidas, they were delicious. We had the Gaucamole app. and chocolate cheesecake which were both awesome. This is our new favorite restaurant. The staff were wonderful.My daughter and I have been there a couple more time since our first visit. The good is awesome. I have tried several different things on the menu and haven't been disappointed. Delish!
Only downside: only seats about 25 people total, so on the small side, but only one person waiting tables so service is a little slow, but I plan my visit around being there a little while and it's worth it.The first time I had Al Pastor and De Lengua tacos I was in Mexico City across the street from the El Presidente Hotel about five blocks from the El Centro subway stop (Go  and get you some?!?). This place is as real as it gets in the USA!!! I was craving tacos (and went to a place or two) and this place hit the spot. Skip the nachos and the first set of tacos on the menu (lettuce, tomato, cheese, and sour cream) and get the second option in the taco section with cilatro and onions (add avocado if you've had Mexico street tacos). The only thing that I could ask for is a spit with pork or tongue in front of me, a flat top with onions and peppers, and the smell of cars from the 60/70s minus catelitic converters (aka the smell of gasoline) in the background. If you want authentic Mexican cuisine, South Philly, and if you really want authentic Mexican Cuisine.  If this isn't good enough fly to Mexico City and take the subway (in the airport) to El Centro!!! I'D RECOMMEND BOTH!!!!!Best Mexican I've had in Philly. The red and green chilli salsas are spicy amazing things. Thanks, Yelp!Best Mexican in south philly by far!! Everything is delicious and the owners are so nice. The fish tacos were so amazing and the rice and beans are fresh and delicious. We love this little south Philly spot.This is the best mexicano restaurant in philadelphia. Yes, its a little far [i live in the northeast ] but its so worth it. Reasonable prices too. Tacos arabics and tacos al pastor is so delicious paired with agua de horchata. If you are planning to go at night, good luck, cuz the restaurant is packed and busy. Also, you can hire them for special events.There aren't enough good things to say about Los Gallos. We order from there 2-3 times/month and are never disappointed. I usually get the 3 tacos for $5.50 which are not only cheap.. but delicious!
Luz, the owner, is such a nice guy and is always grateful for the business. We always make a point in telling him how much we enjoy his food.
A must go if you are looking for authentic Mexican cuisine in the heart of South Philly!finally found a decent Mexican Restaurant in South Philly. My wife & I order a couple of different items to sample what they have........well worth it, plenty of leftovers.everything had a fresh taste to it, not frozen or premadeFavorite Mexican spot in the city. Al Pastor tacos, tres leches and service are all top-notch. Bring cash. No cards will be taken.Must try food every bite is amazing great service very friendly staff I'd highly recommend itAmazing food at cheap prices like $6.50 tacos or the $11 Menudo soup if you like tripe, or the Carne Asada Burrito Supremo. This hole in the wall joint is tuck within the confines of south philly, another hidden gem.Disappointed. Just moved back to Center City and so excited to try Los Gallos after reviews. We eat A LOT of Mexican food, and have been spoiled of late with El Limon in Conshohocken. At Los Gallos, sauces and chips were good and chicken tamale with salsa verde was ok. But pork (carnitas) burrito was almost all gristle and fat. The chicken tacos were OK but bits of bone or gristle in them also. It seems they make everything to order, so expected more. Maybe it was an "off" day.I don't quite understand the hype about this place. It is just okay. Most dishes taste bland with not enough spices or flavor. The first couple of times there I had to add a ton of salt to my dish to make it less bland. On my last visit i ordered a carnitas burrito which was described to have fried pork inside. The burrito was half filled with their bland cheese which wasn't even melted and the pork wasn't what i expected. It was more like pork fat and rubbery things that looked like pork intestines. Some other dishes are better i guess but still not that great. After giving this place 4 tries I will never be back here again.Los Gallos certainly doesn't skimp on filling their tacos! Their guacamole tastes fresh and is loaded with lime and cilantro. 
Their platters are also quite good, with huge portions. Their rice and beans are delicious.The immediate service has a lot to be desired for...but make sure you tell them it's in house and not "to go"!
The tacos are AMAZING!!! This is a place that should not be overlooked!!!  The best tacos in S Philly!!!I can't stop coming back to this place! Authentic Mexican food for a good price. Definitely try their burritos, tacos & tortas! Tacos rancheros are probably my favorite.Ordered their catering menu for a dinner event and it was incredible! Food was absolutely delicious, super flavorful, lots of variety, and SO much food! Great price, great service. Everything was perfect!Not terrible, but very overrated.   We only had chicken things, which might explain the mediocrity.  The mole tastes like soy sauce.  There are several TV's playing daytime mexican gameshows.  Solid Horchata and salsa.I had Fish Tacos. They were good once they arrived. The service was very slow and it wasn't busy ( only me and 2 other tables were occupied) . The waitress never came back to me to see if I needed anything and I had to go to the counter to ask for my check; this is why I gave it a 3 star, service is not up to par.I grew up in Southern California and since moving to Philadelphia, this is by far the best Mexican food and ALSO the best prices I have seen since I arrived. I've been in Philadelphia for almost 5 years now, and I visit Los Gallos at least once a week to get tacos or their incredible mole.I was in a rush for lunch, but craving something delicious. I got exactly what I was looking for. The pescado tacos rancheros were a reminder of the awesome fish tacos I had in Los Cabos, Mexico. I think my dish was supposed to come with rice, but it didn't. That's the only reason I decided to give this place 4 out of 5 stars. Also ordered a side of chips and guacamole. I thought it was a bit pricey at $6.50, but the portion was good and the guacamole was perfect!
There was a large group dining jn, so I was glad that I called ahead to place my order. I will definitely be ordering from there again!This place is awesome. The food is amazing, and the waitresses are great too. There are only three waitresses at max even on their busiest nights, but they're always friendly and attentive (the free chips and salsa make it super easy to wait for my food). Best Mexican restaurant in the city.Great Mexican and they deliver!! I had quesadillas which was served with a small salad garnish and sour cream- my only suggestion is that they grill them to get the grill marks.  We also ordered tacos in a soft shell with all the fixings and they were awesome. The chips and salsa are really good, but not your typical chunky salsa instead it is a salsa verde; green and it is awesome!!! Spicy and delicious. Delivery was less than 25 minutes and the food was still hot, they package it very well.Not sure what all the fuss is about.
I went here last night with a small group of friends. No one was blown away by their meal (tacos, enchiladas, burritos). The salsa was what you'd expect. The service was painfully slow. It took about 10 minutes to get the check after we asked...twice.
I saw an order of guac go by and it looked great. And I keep reading things about the chicken tacos. So if I find myself in the area, I'll for sure stop by again. But nothing about my veggie enchiladas (served lukewarm) made me want to rush back.Bottom line: food is great!
Authentic - notice not one single non Latino working here. 
Portions are large. 
Service is slow. It always is. I've come to expect it so it doesn't bother me anymore because I realize I'm always getting a large portion of good food for not a lot of money so whatever, I'll wait. Plus the complimentary chips and salsa are really good. 
Pay attention to the two specials boards. Ones on the side wall, the other up front by the register. Anytime they have have ceviche on there I'd recommend it. 
The beans they serve as an accompaniment to the fajitas are soooo good.As a tourist, a friend of mine from South Philly heard me say; "all Mexican food tastes the same." He proved me wrong at this place. There was an authentic Mexican feel the second I walked in. I ordered 2 steak tacos for $6.50, and it was real steak, not ground beef. The tortillas they had were also authentic. I would come back to this place as I had great service and a wonderful experience.If you want delicious Mexican food that goes beyond tacos  (although their tacos are pretty good), you need to try this place.
I recently went here for my birthday. I wanted a place that could accommodate a big group, and somewhere that was BYO. I had about 12 in my party, and they gave us a row of tables near the back.  We happened to go on a night when another big group had reservations, so the small place got pretty packed and service was a little slow. I think that we went on an abnormally busy night, so I won't hold that against them.
The food was fantastic and the portions were generous. We may have had to wait for our food but it was worth it. This reminds me of the restaurants I'd eat at in Newark and Long Branch. I'm happy I found it!Es un lugar donde se come muy rico y para quedar satisfechos ya q las porciones en cada platillo no son limitadas como en otros lugares,me encantan los tacos al pastor y las carnitas en los gallosFood. Delicioso! Ambience. De bienvenida! Dessert. Cambia la vida! Service. Jackie is THE BEST! En serio, la mejora. Cannot wait to return to Los Gallos.Great authentic Mexican and the staff is very kind.Fantastic food! The taste is great! Authentic Mexican food. The owner is always trying to make things happen. The only downfall will be the shortage of personnel. Those hard working servers have to juggle too much at once. The tables, take out, phone, register.. they should have someone destined to take care of that, so the servers could do their work. It's Just a thought. The food is outstandig!Excellent Mexican Food!!! Only flaw is the language barrier with the waitstaff. Other than that it's a great stop!!!Sitting in los gallos as I write this. Food is excellente!! Have been here three times so far and I love it every single time! The al pastor tacos are out of this worldddddd. Had those, the pollo and bistec to share tonight. So full of flavor and $5.50 for three you can't beat it. Wonderful neighborhood establishment. Highly recommend.Food is incredible. People and atmosphere are also both great. You get what you pay for. Plenty of food for the price. You will not be hungry afterwards. My with and I try to get their food at least once a week. Can't say enough about how good they are. Highly recommend them.Food: 5
Ambiance: 5
Service: 5
Cost: 5
Overall: 5
If you have not been here. Get down here. I had the el pastor tacos and I was in heaven. Fresh Ingredients, friendly atmosphere, and amazing tastes in every bite!Even though I didn't need to, I made a reservation over a week in advance for a friend's birthday at this hole in the wall known for good Mexican but they closed with no warning whatsoever. I guess if it was open I'd get to enjoy the affordable options like tacos a la plancha but can't now because they closed with no warning and never contacting me!Been here numerous times, it's our favorite takeout place in S. Philly.  Personally, I love their chicken tacos and chicken burrito.  My boyfriend can't get enough of the enchiladas mole with steak.  Their food is authentic and unique at the same time.  Love this place.DELICIOUS el pastor tacos- salty, crispy, tender pork with bright acidic pineapple. Yummmm. Will be venturing back for those. 
The chicken and carne asada tacos were good, but I've had some better ones at some other South Philly Mexican places. The meat bits were chopped just a tad too fine and the portions were a little skimpy.
The chips and salsa were average to below (my bf and other dining partner loved them though), and the nachos would've been delicious had there been real Mexican cheese like melty Oaxacan and some salty cotija on them rather than the fake cheez variety. 
The mole enchilada special looks intriguing as do the cemitas so I just may have to try those next go-around...Moving to the area, we trusted yelp to find some great local eateries and this place knocked it out of the park.  First off, great atmosphere, amazing service and unique offerings.  And OMG the food!  We got the Sopa Azteca as a special.  Delicious and a HUGE portion, as were the tostadas.  Too much food!  Our server let us sample the homemade Horchata and Hibiscus Flower juice, both were so good that we bought a gallon each to take home.  We will be coming here every week!Great food great prices, do urself a favor n order the enchiladas suisaz, soooo good!! It's not on the menu but they'll still make it for u. It's about 13 bucks I think. I've already been back a few times, don't really care for the quesadilla but the fish tacos r delish. Kind of chilly in the winter time so bring a hoodie hahaI'm sad to report that my friend and I got food poisoning here this weekend. I know it happens once in awhile anywhere, but based on that, I'd be remiss if I recommended it. It has such promise, too: great reviews on chef's feed, here, and it's an adorable Mexican grocery shop with excellent service and low prices. But I've never been so sick as after eating the overcooked al pasteur tacos, and what I suspect was the culprit--shrimp tacos. Guac was fresh and good, but doesn't override the rest of the experience, illness not withstanding.I don't ever write reviews but I had to $8 for a burrito smaller than chipotle by a lot. We asked for no tomatoes because there was already pico they took that as put everything on the side outside of the burrito. This was all after they read it back to us. If you've never had a burrito this place will blow you away. If you've had Taco Bell before I would go there instead. It had almost 5 stars dats whack for anyone whose had chipotle or qdoba.Great flavors in a very low-key atmosphere! On a Saturday night it was not very busy, but the wait staff was attentive and the food was so tasty there didn't need to be a huge crowd to enjoy the experience. The tomatillo salsa was outstanding, fish tacos were warm and tangy and the chicken enchiladas suizas were pronounced the best we have had!Holy grail for authentic Mexican food! We have been there for three separate occasions, and we have never been disappointed. Place feels homey and inviting, love the murals on the wall and small accents here and there. I love their tacos, and my friends said that the burritos are great as well. Would love to try their tamales, which is only available on weekends. Definitely would come back! This is South Philly's gem! Parking is horrible though if you're driving, be prepared to go around and around and around to find street parking.This place is amazing. They don't have a very big menu but it is a small place and they do what they do right! It's authentic and amazing.
I got refried bean tacos, and my boyfriend got the chorizo. I loved mine and he said his were delicious too! The guacamole was so fresh and perfect too! You really can't beat it for 5.50 for 3 tacos either.
You've just gotta try this place! I know I'll be back!I love this place.  The servers are friendly, and they make the best mole I ever tasted.  It's a terrific lunch spot.A small unassuming restaurant with big flavor.  I got the tortillas los gallos.  Fantastic!  The spicy pork flavor combined with the sweet pineapple really hit the spot.  Highly recommend!I went to Gallos this afternoon and thought it was so good I would write about it.  It is a small family owned place.  The owner/server/head chef/cashier was great.  His english was very good and no one should feel intimidated going there not speaking spanish.
The food was spectacular.  Torta de Pollo Milanesa, was great.  Huge and delicious.  The chicken is often dried out at other places, not here.  The beef tacos, good.  Simple, but if you wanted extra toppings just ask.  
Just walk in past the convenience store part and find a table in the back.  
They deliver, the food came out quickly and was great.  I will eat here on a regular basis.
Lunch for two under 15 bucks.
Worth a trip down south.My favorite place to go for Mexican food. Great portion size. Delicious authentic Mexican food. Ive tried a good amount of dishes on their menu and the only thing I didnt like so far is the tripe soup. Sometimes their meat is overcooked but their flavoring makes up for it!I love the quality of food therefore I'm giving this place 4 stars. Due to the service from the waitresses overwhelming and understaffed is why I cannot give them 5 stars.I live close by and often pickup food from Los Gallos. I think the food is very tasty and authentic as well as well priced. My one and only issue is with their takeout packaging. The portion sizes are so large (usually a good thing), they have to over fill the styrofoam containers they use. This usually results in an unwelcome mixing of food, sauces and wetness. Tortillas end up soaked and gross, guacamole gets on things it wasn't supposed to and you will probably end up with a "bag of sauce"  by the time you get home.Great food. I don't enjoy Mexican food, but thats because I never had authentic Mexican food like this before. Fresh, and delicious. Not a typical Mexican restaurant.  
Staff friendly. Just be patience, everything is made from scratch so it's little bit of a wait.I eat a lot of Mexican food. I have probably been to at least two thirds of the Mexican places in South Philly. I don't know why it took me so long to go here, but it is worth the trek no matter where in Philly you're coming from.
This is, hands down, the best option for several reasons:
1. huge menu with tons of options
2. very vegetarian-friendly (they have mole sauce for their vegetarian enchiladas, which is something I've never seen before--usually it's only served with meat dishes. I was so excited).
3. in terms of ambience and authenticity, I'd say this place nails the mark with both. Their décor is super cute, and it didn't feel like it was completely catering to gringos.
Also, I liked that you could get a wide variety of housemade drinks like horchata and cantaloupe here. I haven't tried the batidos yet, but it's rare to see a Mexican restaurant that has them on the regular.
They definitely pride themselves on fresh ingredients, as was evidenced by the guacamole and the avocado on my enchiladas. Some people on here complained that the food was too salty, but I actually found the opposite to be true--they really let the flavors stand out in the guacamole by not over-salting it. 
Also, lots of food=leftovers for lunch! Hooray!Crazy tasty, FRESH, good prices, pleasant atmosphere, BYOB - this place is great. The squash blossom burrito was out of this world.  Great menu and simply delicious. Can't wait to go back!Out of town-er visiting Philly; kind of far from the hotel but in hindsight, this place was totally worth the drive. Wish we had something like it closer to us!Hands down, my all-time-favorite place for authentic Mexican food in South Philadelphia (North Philadelphia still has some of the best Hispanic food of all-time). From the limitless portions in the burritos or enchiladas poblanos, you can NOT go wrong with any of these options. What tops it all off is the quiet atmosphere, the incredible salsa that is provided with the chips, or the richness of the mole sauce (which I will admit was an acquired taste at first). Overall, for its price ~$8-9 burritos or $11 enchiladas this place easily deserved a 5 stars.