I gotta give it 5 stars ! Even though they lost our order and they brought the food like an hour after we arrived , they charged us only one of the burgers and let me tell you that chorizo burger was worth the wait! Amazing !Good ambiance, prompt and attentive staff and brunch was fresh and delicious. A very nice spot, which probably gets hopping at night.Lucha Cartel gets a five-star rating for decor.  Part gothic, and part lucha fighting.  Very fun!  Daughter and I had the pico de galo and chips (just ok).  Daughter had the tacos, which she described as "as expected, just OK."  I had the shrimp on a bed of sweet plantains.  The shrimp with mango sauce were a little tough (overcooked?), but the plantains were divine...bringing me back to my time in central America.  The $5 happy hour margaritas are light on alcohol, but pretty good (5-7 PM).  I would probably try this restaurant again, as it's so amusing.  But I would try some other food options.Came here for a casual dinner before a weeknight movie.  The decor is kind of artsy-funky with a hint of grunge.  We only got food, so can't comment on the drinks.  Our calamari appetizer was out of this world! Lightly grilled and very lemony, the texture was absolutely perfect.  Our entrées were pretty lackluster though.  The sweet potato tacos were tasty but small for the price.  The crispy fish salad was under-dressed and generally forgettable.  The service was good, maybe we'll be back for happy hour.A pleasant surprise!! On my birthday weekend a friend and I planned to go to National Mechanics for their delicious veggie burgers!! When we arrived we discovered it was closed until 9pm for a private party!! Although this was a bummer we had to think quickly, our stomachs were growling audibly! I remembered walking by Lucha Cartel and thinking I wanted to try it, luckily it was just down the block and around the corner from where we stood. 
The mixed drinks, chicken tacos, margaritas and giant salad we ordered were all delicious!! This place wasn't crowded for at Saturday at 7pm-- good or bad depending on how you look at it! The ambience, decor, light and music were excellent! Which leads me to believe the universe knew better than I did how I wanted to celebrate my birthday!! We found out this place has the same owner as National mechanics... Tricky tricky! Can't wait to go back!Terrible service and mediocre food deserves 1 star. If it wasn't for the outdoor seating I don't think this place could be in business. That is all.Love this place, amazing happy hour from 4-7. The staff is friendly (Adan was my server and he's great), the food is good I love their pork tacos and queso fundido (both $5 happy hour) and their MARGARITAS are soooooo good. Check this place out.Went here for dinner while visiting philly for a couple days. Coming from the Chicago area. The Pork Belly tacos have a lot of meat and pineapple flavor. If your looking for a protein infusion the tacos are the way to go. They do not come with rice or beans which are 3$ each extra :/. 
The chicken quesadilla has loads of cheese and TONS of chicken. 
Decent prices, lots of meat. Would recommend it if you are into Mexican food.Awesome place. Awesome staff. Great place to go for food and drinks. It's even a cool bar to go to at night if you get a good crowd. 
Margaritas are BOMBLove their Nachos!  Fun staff, good music, great drinks!!! Decor is awesome!  Check out the Mexican wrestler last supper painted across several skate boards!
Can't wait to visit this spot again!Went with a gf for happy hour. The lights and decorations are pretty awesome. And the patio into walnut is awesome for outdoor seating. But please don't get fooled
There is nothing special about the food. Its very generic and is probably mass produced
For example the guac and chips was literally the overly green guac you can buy from the grocery store with the regular corn chips you can get from the store. Literally
The cactus burger is an interesting concept but not well executed I wouldn't recommend it. 
My friend did say she thoroughly enjoy the wine sangria though!
Happy hour has drinks for 5 dollars including sangria and mojito among others. Also there were 5 dollar app size apps that were also pretty generic. Quesadillas, guac and chips, tacos...
In sum: Would not go there againI've only been once, about a week after it opened, but I really enjoyed my cartel burger.  The service was exemplary and the decor was my kind of thing (I do so love lucha libre).  So yes, I'm down to go again.Pretty amazing happy hour! The margaritas will get you lit!  outside of happy hour it's still good but pricy if u ask me for Mexican food.One of the female waiters (I forgot her name but she had black hair and worked Friday during happy hour)came back to our table with our check asking us why we only tipped her $2 when we tipped her 15% which was $12. We ended up giving her another $10 because she said it so loud in front of other tables that it embarrassed us. It's rude and unprofessionalReally great food and a fun environment with a great and helpful wait staff. I had the chicken empanadas and the dough was amazing. My fiancé had one of the specials, a wild striped bass wrapped in plantains, it was perfectly cooked and had a great delicate flavor. We expected some good Mexican food but I would say it exceeded our expectations.The service was horrible,  simply awful. I ordered tacos, and they were literally finger food size for a fairly high price. I ordered refried beans as a side, and they were very bland, even with hot sauce. By the way, I had to go get the hot sauce myself. The place charges for chips and salsa,  too.  I just can't recommend this place at all.Lucha cartel is truly a gem hidden amongst the crowded landscape of bars bars and more bars that makes up Olde City. However, Lucha manages to stand out in a number of ways. First, it's the combination of Dias de los Muertos and Luchador themes that makes for a truly unique atmosphere. Then there are the perfectly crafted margiaritas that you can have prepared a variety of ways and with a variety of liquors. This is all topped off with excellent food that provides options for both meat eaters and non-meat-eaters alike and an always on-point craft beer draught list. Hit up Lucha for the Luchador decor and stay for the good food and drinks.People laugh and enjoy themselves if you have good company. My dates annoying but the margaritas help. Bartender is a robotWe went here on a Saturday night and the atmosphere was very lively and fun. They make strong drinks here so it's a very worth it spot. They only play Spanish music so if you don't like that don't go. The bartenders were fast and efficient. It's just a nice place to wind down.Enjoyed the food very much, mostly friendly staff and servers, the guy who brought my food was very nice and considerate. I was dinning by myself on a Friday night because my husband was out of town, I feel comfortable with that but unfortunately I wasn't treated with too much attention, the waitress only came over once to ask if I'd like anything else at the end of my meal, I was going to order another drink but she never stopped by so I only had one drink. Food was excellent tho, I had the ceviche mojo, pork belly tacos, and had a Jalapeño drink. The pork belly had crispy edges and served with pineapple onion and cilantro, loved salsa that came with the ceviche.Had a quick dinner over here . The nacho was fantastic! The avocado paste and beef was a Perfect combo. Both me and my mom loved it. The house luchas salad was ok but not very special. The drink in pineapple was good but it took a long time for them to bring it out.
The interior is very traditional Mexican with a nice decoration. The service however wasn't satisfactory.We've been to Lucha Cartel twice so far. The first time was quite by accident as we were wandering around Old City looking for a place to eat. Our second visit was carefully planned and executed with the precision of a surgical military operation.
Lucha Cartel has AMAZING happy hour specials for food and drink. We took advantage of the happy hour offerings and ordered empanadas of the chicken and mushroom variety as well as the chicken quesadilla for the little ones but lets face it. Kids never finish their food when they go out to eat. Oh yeah, they'll swear on a stack of bibles that they want something and that they'll eat it but when it comes time to show and prove, they cave like a poorly dug hole at the beach.
Anyway, the empanadas are flaky and delicious and the hot salsa that accompanies the chicken ones is the TRUTH! 
My wife and I play no games when it comes to orderings. I had an order of soft corn tacos Al Pastor, made with pork belly, which is just another word for a generous portion of bacon. My tacos were delicious yet meager, however, I'm assuming that if I had eaten slowly and savored my food, the portion would have been sufficient. I also ordered the sweet plantains with queso fresco, which, if I can be candid, were a little bit of a letdown. They were crispier and firmer than I expected. Oh, I still ate them, but it would have been nice to have had them a bit softer.
My wife ordered the vegetarian enchiladas which she thoroughly enjoyed.
They've got a decent selection of beers and draughts are half off for happy hour. My wife enjoyed the margarita as well. 
Needless to say, we will be back.Came here when visiting Philly. We had the Stawberry Shabery (I think thats the spelling) pitcher and margaritas. Soooo good!!! Service was great sweet people and awesome atmosphere.I am dropping the rating because,I have been back twice and both times they were out of mushrooms (which they changed on the menu from portabella to just mushrooms. Not the same, but ok) WTH? It's not as though mushrooms are a difficult to find exotic ingredient. They are everywhere. The first time,they showed me other veggie items. But, I'm not a veggie, just a mushroom lover, so, I tried the chicken quesadillas. They weren't bad, but not close to the mushroom. The second time, I just left, both annoyed and disappointed.
Lucha Cartel, if you read these reviews, buy mushrooms!Came here with a group of six for brunch. We really enjoyed the nachos with chicken. Everyone was happy with their meals, the only complaint would have to be the home fries. They went straight from the fryer onto our plates which left puddles of grease. It made them nearly inedible.I love this place! I would recommend this place. When I went to someones birthday party I was the first one to finish my meal so that says something. The price and hot sauce is amazing and worth the try. The ambiance is to die forAfter a long day, head to Lucha Cartel for one of their delicious margaritas or sangrias. This place is decorated in very fun decor with relaxing hues of purple and green that will make you feel at ease as you sip on their refreshing, yet strong margaritas.  The happy hour menu has a pretty nice selection of small plates.  I thoroughly enjoyed the fries and the chicken quesadilla. The staff are also very attentive.I love coming to Lucha Cartel for their brunch. It's greatly priced with good portions and the staff if always friendly. Today, my boyfriend and I went for brunch and they only had one waitress, Marta, working for the whole restaurant and bar. Within five minutes of the restaurant opening all the tables were full. But Marta did an exceptional job at waitressing all the tables and working as bartender. I just wanted to make sure she gets acknowledged because it seemed really overwhelming!Happy Hour is a good value in terms of selection and pricing. There are a bunch of $5 food items and draft beers are half off, i.e. $2.50-$3.00. The servers are really nice and extremely quick. The mediocre rating reflects the mediocre food. Literally every item we ordered was bland and underseasoned - guacamole, dip, quesedillas, potatoes. There were no salt shakers or hot sauce provided to alleviate the problem. Verdict: would not come again.This place has such a great happy hour comprised of several apps and drinks. My husband and I have been several times and sit at the bar. The bartender is always super friendly. I have had their guacomole, chicken quesadilla, margarita and coco-rita. Super good. One of these days, we will make it brunch as their menu looks good.The service is IMPECCABLE I really can't say enough about how good they treated us. The food was good but not great, elotes were good as were the fajitas but the tacos are very very very small. Guacamole was really good too.Love the drinks especially the tequila and margaritas but it can get very loud. Only had the food once but was very tasty.Best Mexican food in Old City, hands down. Best happy hour too! $5 house margaritas, sangria, and apps. Had the shrimp empanadas and chorizo sliders, which were both tasty (although the dipping sauce that comes with the empanadas needs work). Favorite dish was the elote (grilled corn with Mexican mayo and cheese). Ugh, so good I ordered 2! Run that back, lol! Great service and small but clean bathroom. I will be back!El Santo Margarita is a slice of heaven with a lil awesome sauce! As far as the meal goes: the nachos were ok and the entrée was ok. Not too much to say about this place other than I probably would only go for that margarita!!! Perhaps their specialty is drinks and the food is just and afterthought....So suprised...! We walked around Olde City last night and wasn't sure what we felt like eating. The menu looked like your typical mexican spot but the food has so much flavor. We ordered but the food took a while so the brought out complimentary chips and salsa that was delish. We ordered Nachos to share and I was pleasanty suprised. I'm from the caribbean so I need action in my food and this had  it and tons of flavor. The guac was a little spicy and some might think its too much.  We also ordered the caramel de leche cheesecake that I liked but my hubby wasn't to impressed. I'll be back.We had today the worst experience of our lives at Lucha Cartel. I've never been harassed in my life in that way. We stand up from our table just to dance and we were followed by the manager saying that we need to pay the bill, before dancing. We will never return again.Maybe it's an unpopular opinion, but as my 2-star states - meh, I've had better. We came here at Noon on a Friday - there weren't too many people in the place, and yet everything took forever, an the food was just okay. I had the beef tacos and there was NO flavor. The chicken quesadilla's were okay, as was the burrito. The server said "would you like chips and guac?" to which we of course, replied - yes! We hadn't even gotten the menus yet, so she failed to tell us they were $12 - and mediocre at best. The pineapple margarita was okay - minus the fact it was warm. Seriously - wouldn't go back, but again - to each his own!Gets my vote for best Mex! in philly.  Stumbled upon & went back.  Like previous reviews - the Pineapple  Jalapeno 'Rita & Mexican Bloody Mary's are unbelievably yummy cocktails.  From the others tasted,  all of the Margaritas are freshly made and really good.  Guac is great!  Beef & Pork Tacos tried this time - delish!   Great service & atmosphere.  On the quest for good authentic Mex in Philly - I highly recommend.Awesome place. Stopped in for one drink but stayed for a couple and also got the chicken fajitas which were awesome. Our server Franck was great - very friendly and knowledgeable. Cool funky decor with great lighting. Check it out - you will be glad you did!Came here with a few friends during the snow day to grab food and drinks. Service was super friendly and the drinks were great. We got nachos to start off with which were nothing special. All the toppings were right in the middle and the outside was just plain chips. 
For dinner we all got different Taco dishes and split them up so we could try them all out. The tacos were kind of bland. The only one that really stuck out was the pork belly tacos. The rest were kind of bland and dry. I'd recommend this place for drinks, but for dinner you can find something better in the area.excelente... de todos los locales de philadelphia que se promocionan como latinos, éste si es verdaderamente  latino... con música  latina bailable y venden la cerveza de manzana que en otros locales no la venden.. me encanto la decoración,  la iluminación.
segunda vez q voy..fui un viernes y recuerdo q no habia musica bailable, fui esta vez porque se prentaba una dj "joly".. y he bailado toda la noche..asi  que esté  será  mi nuevo local..xq sinceramente cuba libre para mi es un bodrio y tierra colombiana, no termina de cuadrar ..no se si ando en un antro playboy o en una discoWe went here for to have a birthday dinner. 8 people on a busy Thursday night. The service was PHENOMENAL. Our waitress (blonde girl I cannot remember her name) was so friendly and helpful, quick with drinks. We didn't have to wait too long for our food and everything was excellent. Great atmosphere. Highly recommend for a lively fun evening!I was here once before for lunch and it was great. I went here today with my wife and they only had one server on for the lunch hour on the Fourth of July. Needless to say we waited approximately 10-15 minutes and we still hadn't received water yet. We will try again next time.Awesome dinner spot also great happy hour prices and menu! Awesome margaritas and very reasonable in price. The guac was fresh and spicy! The main entree : arrachara was perfectly cooked. Margaritas strong and tasty try the strawberry infused margaritas simply delish. The atmosphere is loud and lively. Cute layout and decorations. Definitely a great find.Authentic food & cool atmosphere. Has a Day of the Dead theme. I work in center city and visit as often as I can get away for a quick lunch. Good location within Olde City. Server (Judy) was friendly, talkative, and I enjoyed the jalapeno infused tequila.  I will be back!Love this place. I'm a local to the area and this is my "go-to" spot for Mexican and Margaritas. Food is consistently good. I have heard service can be sketchy, but I have always had excellent service. Outdoor seating for spring/summer dining. Restaurant.com coupons are almost always available. Great spot for groups too. Been there many times and will continue to  sip on margs and stuff my face at Lucha!I went with the lady during Old City Restaurant week and we both thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. It was $25 per head with a preset menu (part of the OC Restaurant week event). You could choose from 2 appetizers, 5 entrees, and dessert was included. Even with the limited options it knocked all of our socks clean off.
She got a large piece of pork roast served on the bone that was so tender you could barely pick it up with a fork. Super tasty. I got the Pez Espada - swordfish on potatoes served with some kind of tasty/spicy sauce. It is one of the best meals I've had in a while. I wish I could have been locked in a room made of that dish so I would have to eat my way out.
We also got a pitcher of the El Santo margarita, which was the bomb-diggidy.
You should not go here in a hurry; bring a date or a group of friends to grab a few drinks, sit, and enjoy yourselves. Our server was great, but I could see things slowing down if it were to get super busy. It was definitely a treat - next time we go I'll try and sit outside, it looked rather nice.Food is amazing. Drinks are great. Went there for cinco de mayo. The place was mobbed. Was told it would be a 30 min wait and aprox. 10 min later we where seated. The dessert menu is by far my fav. The dulce de leche cheese cake is amazing. There menu is vegetarian and vegan friendly. The staff is very friendly. Would deff.  visit again.Lucha Cartel is such a neat, little place. First off, the decor is AWESOME. Candy skulls and purple walls all the way. Our server Julie, was amazing. She took care of us during our stop during lunch. She is quiet the mixologist. We will definitely be back, especially to enjoy another marg and side of guac.The food is good!! It's a nice little restaurant to go to if you are looking for some healthyish Mexican food. If your looking for drinks not so much super watered/juiced down and not very good esp if you are like me and need less sweet and more liquor! The service is also not very good. We got our food but then had to waive down a waitress to get our check.Have been here several times and just LOVE their margaritas and Guac with bacon, so good!
The wait staff is also extremely friendly and polite.Good burritos. Close to the old city. Service wasnt that great. Stay away from the Yards beers. They are gross. Seems the place has a few complacent managers as the waitress didnt have change for the meal. I was forced to pay with credit card. Get your shit together. Make sure your waitresses have what they need.SO pleasantly surprised by Lucha Cartel. I had been here a few times before for drinks but this was the first time I came for drinks, dinner, AND salsa tuesday. Everything, from the service, to the drinks, to the food, to the dancing made for a fun and engaging atmosphere. It seems like a fun place to come with a date, or as a group of friends.
The guac and chips were delicious. I wasn't too impressed with the Crispy Fish Salad, but I guess that is what I deserve for ordering salad instead of tacos or something. The lettuce was wilted, overdressed, and sparse. The fried fish on top didn't have much flavor either. 
Now the big ass margaritas on the other hand....my friends ordered a pineapple jalapeno one and it was SPICY. Not for the faint of heart. I ordered a coco-rita which was delicious and sweet and just strong enough.
DEFINITELY stay for the salsa. It was my favorite part of the night. If you come for dinner and stay for salsa, try to get a table around the outside of the dance floor (they move the high top tables around 9ish). Lesson starts at 9:45 and you will be dancing with everyone as the instructor asks the ladies to rotate. There are dancers of all skill levels and its a fun, no pressure environment. 
So in all, 5 stars for the service, drinks, and salsa. Docked one star for the food. But in all, a Tuesday night well spent!The best beef nachos I've ever had in my life!!! Sangria and margs were tasty and the atmosphere was cool. Can't wait to come back!Happy hour is great here! Jalapeño margarita is great. The guac is one of the best I have had.Great Latin energy. Tuesday night salsa is taught by Mike, a patient and knowledgable instructor. Having had personal salsa lessons from a couple of different venues, Mike is very good, a ton of information poured out in just an hour. Come HERE Tuesday nights (as of this review) if you're interested in salsa lessons, good food, and meeting new people. The only thing holding this back from 5 stars is the "after lessons" dancing where much of the music was bachata and "newer" salsa (not really much of the legendary salsa artists were played). When the music selection is less bachata, more original salsa, and added merengue, this will be the choice for a true salsa social.Place is great! $5 Margaritas are cool. And good music that is fun for dancing or just hanging out. UPDATE:  still great.I really like it here. Came for happy hour before going to see a movie. I was told the guacamole is addicting. I have to agree. The Nachos were something amazing. 
Our server Devenche(sp?) was a blast. He was cool and explained the menu to me. Esp since this was my first time here. 
This might be a place for my coworkers to come for our monthly happy hour outing.Food is very good, we enjoyed it. Drinks are average. We came because they had Salsa Social on Tuesdays and free salsa lessons. We are Puerto Ricans from The Bronx visiting the Philly historic area for a few days and were very excited about coming across Lucha and their salsa social. We had lots of fun watching people learning how to salsa. The instructor was pretty good and made sure the participants were having fun. Once the lessons were over, the dance floor was open to all. The first song was one of salsa's classic hits but then after that, they played too much bachata (salsa social ?) and played none of the classic or current salsa hits. We were there until closing and only heard one merengue, and not even one reggaeton. I have better salsa on my iPhone. Go and enjoy, buy be prepared to hear as much bachata as salsa.Our first experience at lucha cartel was a happy hour experience and it was rudimentary at best. We arrived hoping to get a table, as the restaurant was half full, but apparently everything was reserved until 830. We arrived at 5. We were pretty surprised but decided to take advantage of the great happy hour. The drinks and the food were spectacular, everything basically 5 dollars a pop. Whether it was appetizers, margaritas, sangria or you could go with the half off drafts. The bar seating was good but we were really looking forward to enjoying the full experience at a table so we could soak in the awesome decor. It's all themed after the luchadores in Mexico (nacho libre can help with the imaging) who are Mexican wrestlers who go all out with their colorful costumes and personas. It's a unique restaurant/bar but the service kind of sucked. Hopefully at my next visit I can upgrade this review and give it he full 5 I think it can get.Well if you're looking for an amazing Mexican meal and refreshing food experience, then look no further. This place is extraordinary. Delicious food, all made fresh. 
Our server Maggie, was the best. Very informative and delightful the way she took care of us from start to finish. 
Super experience! Can't wait to come back with my friends, and do it all over again. My only complaint is that my stomach isn't bigger!One of the best, authentic Mexican joints in Philly. Once you step in you feel as though you've left the city and entered a place right in New Orleans or a country down south. The food is exactly what you'd want in a real Mexican restaurant and the margarita choices make for a truly good time. Ordered the casadilla's and they were on point. Highly recommend you try this place.Came downtown to see the historic sights and some dinner. Walked past this funky looking place and decided to try it out. It was delicious!! Had the pork belly tacos and the ceviche de robalo that our server Maggie recommended. Thanks Maggie!!Food was good. I loved that Marc Anthony was playing on full blast and I could still hold a great convo with my husband. Definitely gonna eat here again.I reaaaaaally wanted to like this place! They are in a great spot in old city, killer deck in the front (which not many places have in this area), and the 'Lucha Cartel' sign/decor from outside really looks cool and inviting.  Even the indoor decor is really edgy and different, but in a good way.  
However...the first day I went there was for happy hour.  the waiter was a little bit odd but I'm willing to let that go.  He gave us the happy hour menu, and being that we were in a bigger group (about 6), we asked how big the happy hour apps were to gauge how many we should get.  He showed us with his hands about the size of the regular menu app, and said the happy hour app was half the size.  OK - so the happy hour app is half the size...and half the price....hmmmmmm....preeeetty sure that isn't discounted.   This really rubbed me the wrong way and I felt like i was being jipped...Just don't offer a hour hour at all!!!! Plenty of other places don't and people still go there...
Decided to go one more time to give them another chance.  We had two waiters who weren't communicating...no idea which one was ours.  and took 10+ minutes for someone to take our drink orders.....hardly any tables were filled in the place....  
I ended up ordering a steak salad.  It was ehh.  Left me feeling after all of the above that I will find other happy hours to go to this summer.Meh! Not a bad place... it just didn't leave me psyched. Food tasted good, but didn't leave me particularly impressed. Interesting Día del Morte thing going on.
Staff was very friendly, helpful and cool.
All the same, with the countless other options in the immediate vicinity, I probably wouldn't go back.Stopped in for an app and drinks which were great. Lots of margarita options. Nachos were the best.I should probably say I really , really wanted to love this place- had such high hopes for a super close reasonable fun Mexican restaurant!
Food was fine. That's it just fine. Guacamole was extremely plentiful for a small size but you can tell it is not made to order. My next observation I really hope the restaurant sees- I got a margarita and when I received it there was salt on about 1/4 of the glass I kid you not. It was not busy and there was no reason to not give an extra swirl to salt the whole glass. Stuffed chicken breast was a large piece of chicken but seriously why even advertise the cream cheese and jalapeno??? It was minuscule- highly disappointed as that was the reason I got the dish.  Tacos carne asada were good.
Service was fantastic, absolutely lived the decor. Overall I give it a even 5 out if 10- if only it had more cream cheese/jalapeños and an actual salted glass I would have bumped it to a 7 and go back for more!Disappointing. I really wanted to get the cactus burger when I went here, but it turns out that even their bread is non-vegan so I got mushroom tacos instead. They were very good but still had to be modified in order to be vegan. 
Cute place and a great location but I don't see myself coming back.Want to give higher but just can't for now.
From start to finish we had issues with the staff.  While they were all vey nice, proper training was definitely lacking.  From issues wth getting the table ready even though there were many open ones to missing food orders, training needs to be stepped up.  That being said I would return as the place is beautiful, has great character, n good food.  The steak fajitas were great although they provide blue corn tortillas the size of my palm, too small.  The jalepeno margarita was fantastic and worth goin back for.  I will give it another whirl , but am not exactly itching for it.The Happy Hour from 4-7 pm is great. But after this time it is really expensive. In the Happy Hour the beer get nearly the same price like germany ;) The Quesiadillas are delicious!Loaded Nachos with Chicken was delicious. Spicier than normal places, which was a plus. All the food was fresh and spicy, but I loved my nachos.
Honestly, the pitcher drinks weren't that strong/great. You're best off getting classic individual margaritas or sangria. The portions come out to about the same, and they make stronger individual drinks.
The happy hour specials are great deals, though. I really recommend this place for food and hanging out. It's got a good bar atmosphere and innovative decor and lighting.Wandered in with friends the thurs night before a wedding. The bartender was beyond friendly and knowledgeable, the margaritas were surprisingly not just good but GREAT, and the tacos were decent. We had a great time, felt totally welcome and relaxed. Tried to go back Fri night but suddenly it was like a club. Not for us but we'll go back during the week.Went in for a late lunch/early dinner around 3 o'clock, and we were the only table! We ordered off the lunch menu, and the food was EXCELLENT: nachos, tacos, quesadilla and a salad. I had the Avocado Salad and added Wahoo Fish to it, and it was the best decision I ever made; I'd be hard-pressed to order anything else when dining there again. Beer list was decent with a few rotating drafts, and according to another member of my table, the margaritas were delicious.Cool atmosphere. My partner and I enjoyed a picture of flavored margarita (mysterio?).  I wasn't crazy over the food we ordered, but I would definitely give the place a second chance!  It also helps that they have complementary chips and salsa :)First night in Philadelphia and this was walking distance from my hotel. I had the street corn and crispy sweet potato tacos. Both dishes were good but nothing blew my mind. Seems like they have an awesome happy hour and Latino dance nights but I didn't attend either. Maybe next trip??Julie is a goddamn gem. She had great recommendations, took spectacular care of us and was excellent chat. We had such a great time here!! Try the Paloma and the Elote, you won't regret it! Hi to Dandelion and TheoI stopped in here last Friday for a happy hour margarita with a friend. I was very excited to see the decor in person, but was disappointed when we arrived. Yeah, they have the dark paint and skulls and purple lighting going in, but they would need about 10 times more stuff before it looked complete (in my opinion). Also, as soon as we walked in, the smell was pungent. It was the smell of a place that people had partied before... hard. It was the smell of spilled drinks and vomit covered up with sour detergents. If you have ever been to a nightclub in the daytime, you know what I'm talking about. Maybe under the cover of nightfall, this place is fine, but I just wanted a happy hour drink. Plus, I'm not one to go out in Old City...
The margarita was quite good, decently priced ($5 for HH) and the service was great. I really wanted to like this place a lot, but I can't foresee a time that I will ever return.I have been a happy Lucha Cartel customer for many years before I moved out of state. What made me white this review is our brunch experience during my recent visit to Philly.
We arrived at 11 o'clock in the morning, and the place was surprisingly packed for such an early hour. We were seated promptly, and our very personable waitress informed us it was an unplanned post-wedding celebration of 50+ people.
We ordered drinks and food and prepared ourselves to wait, given the number of customers. To our surprise, the food started to arrive before we knew it and was as good as always.
You could tell the staff was a bit overwhelmed serving so many customers but handled it very professionally. Not only our waitress but a manager checked on us multiple times to make sure we were doing all right.
Lucha Cartel did not disappoint once again, and will remain one of my favorite spots everytime I'm in Philly.I came to Lucha around 5:30 with the intention of ordering the $5 chips and guac off of their happy hour menu. I viewed the menu online prior to arriving to determine what I would order. To my dismay, the chips and guac is no longer on their HH menu and is always the full price of $11. After speaking with the waitress, I found out that this was due to an avocado shortage and that it had just been taken off of the HH menu that very day. I do understand their dilemma, but I would have appreciated the website being updated before Lucha made this change so that I could have made an informed decision about whether or not I wanted to come for HH!
Aside from that, everything was great. Due to traffic, we were a bit late for our reservation but Lucha was extremely accommodating and held the table for us. The guac was great and had tons of cilantro, which is my favorite. The waitress even spoke to the chef so that my friend and I could have some fresh veggies (peppers and carrots) on the side to dip in the guac. I also enjoyed the sangria- it is sweet but not too sweet. Their HH drink selection is really awesome and you can't go wrong with anything you choose. 
I will also add that Lucha is not great for large groups. They have the table set up, but the table are long and narrow. It is kind of difficult to see the people who are at the other end of your table and it kind of makes for a situation where you have two separate conversations going on. I think the tables at Lucha are best for groups of 6 or smaller.