I came here during PBW's "Craft Beer Day" last weekend. I had previously tried their food at other events a few different times and always enjoyed it, but had never actually made it to the bar. During my visit, they had a DJ playing retro music and the vibe was mellow overall. Really nice.
My friend and I were able to grab two seats at the bar. She ordered nachos (they were good). I ordered two beers during my time there and each time I did, the bartender questioned me on my choices.
I assume it was because one of the beers was newly-released (Victory's Sour Monkey) and another was a stout and it's hot outside (I like stouts quite a bit and I don't drink by the seasons). She was really hesitant about the Sour Money -- even giving a sample of it first before a full glass. This was nice since I got more of it for the price and that beer is great.
I'd consider returning to Lucky 13 in the future for a casual day and to try more food.What else do you need in a bar other than good drinks, good eats, and good people?
I love going here. It's the Food Gal and my go-to spot. 
Watching a Phils game and want to loaf around, imbibe a little while watching the best team of our lifetime? Luck's is the spot. 
Looking to swill in a bottomless glass on your own without being disturbed? Pull up a chair and talk to Faith or Clark. Or just be anti-social and drink yourself under the table. 
Late nite with a group of friends? Skip the POPE- go to Lucky's. The back is a great spot for just holing up with a few besties, drinking your fill and being a loud dumbass. 
Want a bite after work? Lucky's has some damn good food. Love the mac n cheese and deconstructed meatball. The cheese is mild, the penne is delic, and the breadcrumbs crunchy. 
Also, a fucking AWESOME punkrock jukebox. Definitely in the Top 5. 
One of my favorite spots in the wonderful City of Brotherly Love.Currently my favorite place ever for wings.  Solid beer list, great bar food.  Not great for a crowd.I've been here a couple times, and it's a pretty nice, hipster, neighborhood-appropriate spot. There's usually some PBC draft for about $3 and then a lot of other hoppy or spicy choices on up. 
I haven't tried the food here yet, but the menu looks pretty good. Whether you're looking for traditional wings, nachos and quesadillas, or "something more" like a veggie loaf, steak sandwich, or fishNchips, it's on their menu. I should really stop by here sometime and try a dinner entree! 
Not that I really visited it, but the men's restroom is rumored to be lined in pictures of naked women! The women's restroom isn't quite as exciting. 
If you're in the 'hood and need a beer, try this local little jawn.I was just in here briefly, but found the place fairly impressive.  The beers on tap included that crazy Golden Monkey and a few other hipster friendly beers like Kenzinger and such (takeout available).  There's cool posters of Elvis Costello and the Specials and the Clash on the wall, and the jukebox is A+.  The menu seemed reasonable and tasty as well.  We only ordered the mac and cheese, but it was delicious and it helped ease the previous night's hangover. The bartenders are quite pretty- and if that doesn't suffice for eye candy, a trip to the men's room surely will.Nice addition to the South Philly pub scene.  Good luck finding it if you're not used to the area...
The atmosphere is cool although a bit cramped at the bar.  Head for the tables in the back if you have a group.
The food is amazing.  At first, I doubted the many cuisine influences on the menu (Mexican, French, Italian, American, etc.); but I was sold after my first plate of merguez sausage & peppers style.  Merguez is one of my favorite foods: moroccan lamb sausage (I suspect they may make it themselves). But italian style with onions, peppers and gravy?  Well it's delicious !!! I had it again since ;)
I hope to hang at Lucky 13 more and try more of the international dishes soon.Get the Hot Legs, say high to Clark, and enjoy! Good spot...nice compliment to the budding E. Passyunk bar scene.Great bar food, awesome staff, great Monday and Tuesday specials... It's a bar, so everyone who states bad reviews needs to remember that it's a bleeping bar!Wings are awesome! Low key relaxed vibe- beers are a bit expensive though and I wish they had a better happy hour.Beer selection is varied and very well priced.  Everything I have eaten has been very good, but I really like the mac and cheese. Its more of a pasta in a rich white sauce than a traditional mac, but still very good. Also really like the fries. And Clark is so sweet and on top of refilling my beer and looks out for me if scary guys come sit near my while I am alone waiting for friends!Just came in for quick drinks before a dinner reservation but really dug the vibe. Bartender was nice and drinks were cheap. Definitely keeping on my radar for the next time on Passyunk.Very decent place for Sunday afternoon lounging...
Friendly bartender, $3 bloodys and mimosas...I didn't eat but some of our friends did and their brunch looks goooooooood. 
Not as an extensive beer selection as you can find elsewhere in the city, but if you serve Bell's, I'm instantly a fan.If you can wait until 11:30AM for your Sunday brunch, this place is a divey gem in South Philly.  We were really for brunch a bit earlier, and disappointed to find out that they open so late in the morning, but ended up circling back when we found that every other local brunch joint was slammed... and I'm glad we did!  
The brunch menu has two sides: semi-traditional breakfast-y dishes on one side, "small plates" on the other.  Nothing that came to our table was remotely small, no matter which side of the menu it'd been ordered from - portions were quite generous.  My heart was set on getting the Philadelphian (a take on eggs benedict with a soft pretzel and mustard sauce) when I'd spied it on their online menu, but then they told us about the waffle of the day, an "everything waffle."  I knew I had to try it!  Much like an everything bagel, this savory waffle was filled with poppy seeds and onions and sesame seeds and deliciousness.  It was also slathered in a jalapeno cream cheese sauce.  Unfortunately, the texture of the waffle was a bit overly dense and crumbly, which made it very heavy.  They'd also put two gigantic waffles on my plate, and there was no way I could eat both (especially being so dense).  Flavor was great, texture and portion size were off.  But as a one-off, I'm glad I tried it.  I'd totally try another waffle of the day if they're this creative!
My tablemates selected a number of other things - the strawberry cream french toast of the day (I tried it, it was delicious and a much more reasonable portion), garlic herb wings, and bacon (also tried it, very thick cut but still crispy) were all very good.  Service was friendly and pretty prompt.  I love dive bar brunches!Shitty experience again. ...only this time I almost smacked a  hipster patron who deicded that he was cool enough to ask/demand that my husband and I move to another table so that him and his pretentious party of douchebags could be more comfortable.
NOTE to idiots --- if you are going to ask me, *AFTER my meal is served* to move to another location to accomodate YOU and your friends who are merely drinking  those shitty craft beers ---you can at least offer me a bribed drink, or something ---besides a condescending attitude. EFF you.I grabbed a few drinks here while waiting for my friends prior to the dinner nearby...it's not a typical bar that I would go to...but I loved the fact that bartender knows each customer by their first name...which made it very cozy...friendly crowd...next time if you are in the area, check it out...A great spot for wings and a drink.  Although I have not explored too much of the menu, all you need to get are the wings!  Seriously, this things are good although very spicy.  There is always some good conversation at the bar and the drinks are served quick and cold.  A low key spot and usually there is no problem getting a seat.Went here with some friends for beer and grub. Beer menu was pretty great, the physical drink menu has cocktail specials and bottled beers while the giant chalkboard in the back features what is on the tap. (Was pleasantly surprised to see that had Racer 5 on tap!)
I had their lucky burger which had promise but was pretty disappointed when I found that my burger was cooked well done instead of medium like I asked. It just tasted like a giant meatball with cheese on a bun. Fries we decent, crispy and mixed together (regular cut and sweet potato) which I thought was neat. Also, tried my friends mac and cheese which was surprisingly delicious, creamy and crunchy would definitely like to have more of that next time we are in the area.Eat Samosas, drink Kenzinger and relax because you can actually talk.  It's getting tough to just talk in a bar up in our nhood lately...so loud.  Solid jukebox and it's not too loud, great concept.  I think hipsters dig on insanely loud jukes b/c they don't really have anything interesting to say to anyone.  
Sit down and play Pac Man.  Finally.This bar is my second home.
When I first started coming here I had a few problems with service, I once waited 20 minutes to be asked if I wanted a drink. Really? (Not while Clark was working mind you...)
But after giving it a few more tries I really fell in love with the place. It's small but comfortable, the jukebox has some of my top ten favorite albums, the prices are probably some of the best in the city, Clark is one of my favorite bartenders and don't even get me started on the food.
The wings are next-level delicious. The mac and cheese is probably the best i've ever had.
Hand-pumped yards esa. Enough said.
I'll take this place over the cantina or pope anyday.Ive been in this place once and i ordered the vegan wing ,they had nice flavor but they were little pieces and hardly any in the order ,i hope it was just an off day because i love vegan wings. Ill be back to try them one more time. Fingers crossed!Your basic neighborhood dive bar, but the food really is excellent, and not even "for a bar". Wings specifically are awesome, the best i've had in Philadelphia.
PropsGet some great draft beer and wash it down with some spicey wings and a rich dish of stellar mac n' cheese.  A comfortable and homey altnernative to the more sceney places in the hood.This is a fantastic pub, right off of Passyunk. Service is great. Food is well prepared and tasty.  There is a good selection of beers for a younger crowd and an atmosphere of the neighborhood bar you always wanted in your home town. 
Lucky 13 is not flashy, but it isnt dingy. The only reason it isnt five stars is because it doesn't need to be in order to be awesome.Lucky 13 Pub is a great small bar with great food! I have known Clark, the owner/bartender, for many years. he is one of the best serving drinks, knowledgable and great conversationlist. The Atmosphere is great from music, patrons and over all vibe. My food favorites are the Samosas, Deconstructed Meatball and the Mac n Cheese.  it's a great bar to hang with some friends, have some food and throwback some beers. Clark got my hooked on Arrogant Bastard Ale....The Bread Pudding is the Bomb, I absolutely love it, staff is Cool, the owner Clark is the Best and so is Maureen the bar tender!!Great selection of beer, friendly staff, yummy bites and great atmosphere!  I am very happy this is around the corner from me...it's a welcome neighborhood addition.The food at Lucky 13 really was tasty. I wasn't sure what to expect - it's dark, they were playing Guns 'n' Roses which morphed into some speed metal eventually...I don't equate any of that necessarily with good eats. 
The beer choices were standard and tasty. They were better than standard but we're gettin spoiled now in this city! Had some great familiar local brews that hit the spot.
I got the smoked trout sandwich and it was huge and fresh tasting. Reminded me of whitefish a lot and I was a big fan of the potato salad which wasn't that gross mayonnaisey nonsense but full of pep and flavor and ...yum. My friend got something involving catfish which looked really impressive - it even had little crafish on top. Who knew?
I guess my only real complaint was the music. Luckly it changed when some kind dudes took over the jukebox. I didn't expect them to be playing the soundtrack to Les Mis or Celine Dion or anything but, loud thrashing hardcore speed metal whatever the hell it was isn't conducive to eating this lovely food and enjoying brews. It makes you want to throw your barstool at someone's head. I sensed the staff dug it but you gotta  think of your clientele too, friends. 
Service was nice, not awesome, but friendly and fine. I'll be back but I'll make sure to take control of the jukebox immediately.Interior of the dining room feels like a high-school punk rockers basement lair. But Lucky 13 is a friendly bar for a beer or snacks though we've found the food to be only so-so. Their quesadilla is boring and tastes like Rattatoullie. But this is a good neighbor hood bar with a mixed crowd. We'll be back for beers, but not for dinner.Maybe I'm showing my age but was here recently and the dj + music was deafening.  I mean deafening.  Asked the barkeep to turn it down, he obliged, but that didn't do much.  Is Lucky 13 turning into a hipster zone?  Uh oh, I think so.came out for $1 taco night and could not have been more dis appointed.practiclly nothing inside the taco even for $1 it was a rip off. the waitress however was very good and friendly. this is the second time i have eaten here and both times it has been awful.Do not eat here, you will get food poisoning.  I ate the peanut sauce wings a few months ago. I got terrible food poisoning and was sick all night and throughout the next day. I called to let them know but the person who answered didn't seem concerned. I should have warned my brother because he went there last night and got the same food poisoning. He ate a steak sandwich. 
DO NOT EAT THE FOOD.Do you like all of the following:
1. Nachos?
2. Misfits sing-a-longs?
3. Friendly waitresses who tolerate drunken mayhem?
4. Losing all track of time & space and stumbling out of a bar at 2am?
If you answered a hearty "YES!" to all of these questions, then Lucky 13 is the bar for you! Oh, Lucky 13, where would I and my merry band of weekend warriors be without you? We certainly wouldn't be filling our bellies with delicious homemade nachos, stacked to the heavens with cheese and toppings, soaking up the strong gin n' tonics, the shots of Wild Turkey, and the sea of Miller Lite that was created in our bellies and served by a waitstaff that not only tolerates our drunken antics, but also laughs at and occasionally participates in them. We wouldn't wake up with sore throats from punk rock sing-a-longs to The Misfits "Last Caress," which seems to be the siren song of Lucky 13, played each and every time my merry band of weekend warriors and I have graced a high-top table with our presence. We wouldn't mysteriously time-travel four hours, looking at each other with faces of drunken disappointment when the bartender announces "LAST CALL!", proclaiming with slurred speech, "But we just got here!" 
I've got somethin' to say!
I wanna drink at Lucky 13 today!*sigh* I really want to like this place. It's a cool punk rock bar that gravitates more towards metal and the classics. It's cramped, and parts of the kitchen are actually located IN the dining area which can be annoying. 
The food is just kinda meh. It's not as bad as fast food, but not as good as nearly any bar in the surrounding area. The main problem with the food is that it reads well on the menu, but when you see the plate you can tell that the person preparing has stopped giving a shit. The service, however, SUCKS. It's slow, pissy, grouchy, snarky, rude, inaccurate, etc. Just generally shitty. If you go for a drink and sit at a table, you'll be lucky to get two drinks before happy hour is over. Bar service is probably the better choice if you're just getting drinks. 
Music is great though. Lots of Danzig, Iron Maiden, and stuff like that.Easily one of if not our Favorite corner bar, not only because of their drinks and the citywide special but because of the great food and staff.  Personal favorite is the Tempeh Wings or Vegan Chili on the mixed fries.  One of the best jukeboxes as well.I have always loved Lucky 13 but went there for dinner recently again and thought I'd do a review. I always like the food there. Most recently broccoli cheddar appetizers and the mac and cheese with veggie bacon. Both were so good. I wanted to eat them forever, but contained myself sort of and got a doggie bag. They are always really nice, usually have good music on, good beer on tap, good cocktails, and you can almost always sit, even though I don't go to bars when they're really crowded anymore so I wouldn't know about Saturday at midnight. Lucky 13 is always an option when deciding where to grab a drink.Awesome place!! Always friendly staff, and the food is always great! They by far have the best fries in Philadelphia!!! A must try!! The beer selection is great too!Lucky 13 Pub.  It's great.  But it's special to people who grew up loving punk, tattoos, sailors, whisky, dive bars, studded belts, Black Flag, the Clash, Horror Movies, and Science Fiction
Its like if I kept all the bric-a-brac I always thought was cool, and then started a clubhouse.  Some reviews seem to indicate that they don't "get" the bar. If you don't like these things, it's not like you're left out of some inside joke, or excluded, it's just not your thing.  It's not like I "get" boom boom dance clubs or meat head bars.  They're different animals, and have different merits.  
So if you come in to Lucky's and think its weird, it aint no thang, you're just not on the same page.  
But anyway, onto the bar.  The food is good. It's filling, and comes out on time.  The beer is up my alley and reasonably priced.  The clientele is mixed, in a good way.  The service is friendly, and if you like pop culture, you're in the right place for a great discussion.  And the jukebox is stuffed with awesome punk, alternative, weird stuff to keep it interesting. 
A good way to describe this place: It would be great for a date. Especially if he or she was wearing a Misfits shirt on her match.com profile picture.Love it. Great bar, great bartender, great food. And your bartender pridefully owns it after 20 plus years slavin' for the man. Great music, not too loud, but very cool.I went there Sunday night and it was a great bar experience. The music was good, the service was great, and I tried out a drink that I've never heard of: whiskey, root, and simple syrup. It was one of the best drinks I've had. A great time.Goodly food. Yummo beers. Nice staff. Sweet decor. All goods in my book, what else is there for me to add? I'm looking forward to going back, as it's near the overtly pricey Cantina but delicious enough for me to tide my Mexican food cravings with it's good down home cookin' and list of brews that leave me feeling frisky in no time.This is my neighborhood spot--great staff, cold drinks, a great jukebox, and the best wings I've had in Philly. The mac n cheese is also highly recommended. And on Mondays you can't beat the dollar tacos!The food is great. The beer selection is reasonable. The jukebox is awesome. Clark is a good guy. For the love of god I hate seeing a good bar being ruined by hipsters. Oh hipsters, go away. Isn't that why the POPE exists?Located a couple of 'hoods away from my own, I get the distinct feeling each time I come to Lucky 13 that I'm a somewhat-unwanted usurper invading someone else's neighborhood bar.  I understand and don't hold a grudge for that, but it's worth pointing out.
Seating is tight and not particularly comfortable.  The beer selection is decent and adequate.  The fried chicken and meatloaf dinners are VERY good.  Men will enjoy the "wallpaper" in the men's room, but the women I've gone with to Lucky 13 are a bit pissed about the fact that similar "accommodation" hasn't been grabted to them.  Gotta say I agree wit that sentiment:  Why not do the same for the ladies, Lucky 13?
On odd mix of hipsters and old-schoolers make up the clientele, but hey:  that's an accurate reflection of the area.
Thesis:  A decent enough place with its own particular and authentic vibe, but at the end of the day not special enough to be worth a trip for outsiders.wellll....man. i don't know. i kind of want to bump it up to 3-4 stars for the great dj, location, selection, and prices.
why only kind of? one of the worst waitress experiences i have ever had, that's why!
there were 3 of us, 2 drinking lager, 1 drinking bud. no crazy shots, nothing complicated at all....so why did it take a grillion years to get new drinks every time we ran dry? sure, it might have been because it was so very busy.
except it wasn't. there was our table, a 4-top next to us, and the DJ fellas.
funnily enough--the DJ fellas never ran outta hooch. LAME!!
i'll deffo be back, but i'll just sit at the bar next time, thusly saving myself from annoyance and shite service.It does look divey from the outside, but the food is pretty good. The buffalo wings are delicious but very hot (spicy). Might try a different flavor next time. The mac n cheese was really good as well, had yummy chunks of bacon mixed in with the pasta. I took a bite of my friend's quesadilla, which as pretty good - nothing fancy just the usual ingredients. We sat at the bar and the bartender was pretty cool. Refilled our water and got us another round of beer when we were low. This spot might be my neighborhood spot - great food and location!I've been there a couple times over the last month and I love this spot. The bartender Clark can make a drink and make you smile. The food is top notch. I recommend the deconstructed meatballs and the mac and cheese. a little tight but its South Philly. What do you expect? A+ for the mens room decor.I stopped here on a birthday crawl, and it didn't disappoint. The beer selection was much better than I expected, and I was quite surprised with the men's restroom. If you're not in to naked women, then I'd suggest you hold it and use the restroom at another bar. The women's restroom was much more classy- not that I used it. 
Unfortunately, I didn't get the chance to try any food, but my friends who did said it was pretty good. The only downside was that the bar was small, and it can become quite challenging to make it from one end to the other. It's still a great bar though, and I plan to go back soon.I live a block from South Philly Taproom but more than half the time, I come here instead. The food is more vegetarian-friendly and the folks are more fun. Not nicer, but more fun. Both places have their merits and SPTR has the better beer list for sure. If you're reading this you probably spend some time in South Philly, so check both out. Lucky is maybe oriented toward a younger crowd, if that matters.This ain't no upscale jawn, but that's what I like about it. Unlike some other low-key, decent priced drink facilitators you can't smoke inside, which I also like, even though I'm a smoker. The menu is small, the food is fairly consistent and I've never been disappointed. The owner takes his business seriously and the waitresses/bartenders are friendly and efficient.The place is small, just like it's menu. For such a small joint, there's a lot of character and heart that comes out! Especially in the food...
BEST MAC & CHEESE EVER. Hands down. I know my mac & cheese and this was absolutely perfect. First of all they used penne pasta. Very neat :) Excellent choice. Then the sauce was to die for... it wasn't really runny or too think. It just perfectly covered the penne, in yummy goodness :) The bread crumbs on top were key too. Kudos Lucky 13... Kudos... 
The deconstructed meatballs were quite awesome as well. You could tell the cook just balled them out and cooked them. Excellent flavoring and spices. The garlic bread, covered with mozzarella completed the meal. So tasty! My mouth is watering, writing this.
I'm definitely going to head back for some more of that mac & cheese & and try out the bar...
Decor gets a plus too ;)I've heard the food is good. Haven't had any more than fries, yet. 
Bartenders and waitstaff are attentive. 
But the jukebox...!!!
Worth four stars by itself. I promise I'll eat here soon. :)This is an update from my last review just over a year ago... Why change a good thing?? Lucky 13 has always been my go to place but now.. not so much. They have done away with their awesome regular/sweet potato fries and now serve waffle fries which are better at Chick-fil-a... The music chosen for the evening was far from the norm.. rap where every other word was f this and f that.. I'm far from a prude, but I honestly could not wait to leave as it was really getting on my nerves. The nachos were nothing exciting.. Needless to say I won't be back any time soon...The bar scene was kind of lame... kind of pricey too. There's much better bars in the area that I rather go to. But if Victory beers are your favorite, then Lucky 13 has a really good selection. The music (mostly punk and 90s rock) was good though.
Tried the Samosas appetizer. I thought they were way too spicy. My bar mate didn't think so. But the three sauces it came with were very tasty and helped "cool" the Samosas down.Finally had a chance to eat here this past weekend and really liked the food.
Had been here in past, but since it is not my hood had only had beers during special bike rides.
GF had the catfish and chips, very tasty, better than most bar food.
I had the deconstructed meatball sandwich, was awesome dish. simple, but very tasty, very souf philly-- and very good at soaking up the numerous Walt Wits I had just consumed at the SPTR Wheaties festival.
Got me sober for the drive up passyunk back to fishtown and saved some south st douche bags from certain death under my wheels.
I will definitely hit this place again and make sure to eat rather than just drink--although the nice prices on Kenzis and other beers on their good list make it good for drinking too...
bartender was also a cool dudeFor some reason I'd walked by this place for 3 years assuming it wasn't a real bar.  What I though it was, I couldn't say.  Anyway, I went in here yesterday for their Lagunitas beer special, and was surprised.  It was a perfect, laid back bar.  Everyone was super nice and you didn't feel like you had to be dressed up or acting super fancy.  It reminded my of my favorite DC spot, the Red Derby.I've been here a lot and overall I like the bar a lot. The owner (Clark) is very nice and accommodating and the drinks are fairly priced. I've also eaten here a bunch and the food is quite good
I wanted to write since I tried brunch there recently and was really impressed with the French toast. The bacon I ordered was cooked just the way I like it (crisp) and the service was wonderful (well, to be fair, I was one of the few people there on that Saturday morning). 
Oh.. and of course I looved the mens room!I dig Lucky 13, thanks to Jackie G. and Jason F. Clark is their friend and now he is mine too. He is a great bartender.  Also, Victoria is a great bartender too.  The food at Lucky 13 is also great. Because I'm trying to become anorexic these days, I had to split a salad with my friend, but it was really really good. That salad was the "Lucky 13" salad, and what a salad it is. Anyway, we watched most of the World Series here, and sadly, Clark is a Yankees fan. At least he wasn't a d*&k about it.First off, im on the hunt for the best mac n cheese in philly....this place does not have it. Their mac is penne in a barely-cheesy creamsauce of sorts. Not worth it.  Their nachos and guac looked delicious from other patrons though!
I got the pretty chick and my dinnermate got the stud. Both were good, but i found my chick with garlic herb to be a bit bland. The stud was delicious, but sparse on the meat. It was cheap though so its all good.  Get the fries, not the side salad.  The buns are amaaaaazing.  I could have just eaten those.
All in all it was good, but i def want to try some of their other food!Unfortunately I had a very lousy time in this bar.  We were only there for 1 beer, and the bartender was super rude.  It was as if we were judged the second we walked in.  I will not go back and I will tell my friends the same.  It is unfortunate because I heard the owner was a really nice person and that is why we went in.  I think some common curtesy training should be implemented.this place is a cool and non-pretentious place to go grab a beer.
That being said ---my experience with their food has been GREAT and terrible --- depending on the day.
I had a FANTASTICK brunch here---- however ---
 the last time I was there (winter) they had a risotto special.  - Let me tell you, I can cook and I have eaten all over the US - if that was ACTUAL risotto, I would volunteer to WEAR it home. It was minute rice and sloppy frozen vegetables in a bowl --- tasted like a microwaved dinner. I was really annoyed at the 12 dollars I paid for it. It was downright the worst thing I have ever eaten in south philly --- and I am not one to complain....
Needless to say, if/when I will go back --- I will be cautious and never order anything thats not a burger off their menu.Cool place that's in a great neighborhood. Kind of a hipster hangout, but the food is good and drinks are strong. Little details make the place very welcoming, wooden bar top with rounded rail, stamped ceiling, comfy stools, and great service. Bar back is primarily shelves and bottles. A few TVs and props for the un-PC restrooms.I have mixed emotions. It was the type of place where you're not sure if the food was bad or if you just ordered the wrong thing. Beer list has a good variety.
Food was good but not great, which is normally not so bad except there are at least a thousand other gastropubs around with great food and cheaper prices. Beer was good. The crowd is pretty mixed, which is nice. Friendly service.
I will probably go here again, order something different, and revisit my thoughts. If you're just drinking, it is definitely a good place to go.We really enjoy Lucky 13. From the outside it may look like a dive or tattoo parlor, but the inside is really cool. Neat Schmidt's of phila. Memorabilia & other old school stuff lines the shelves. Head banger music posters line the walls. Excellent Juke box. Always a good selection of craft beers on tap. The most surprising thing about this bar is the menu. The food is awesome, as good as any gastro-pub anywhere. The food selections are diverse
 Enough to satisfy almost any taste. They have everything from Meatloaf to really good vegan dishes. Check out the Ace Of Spades sandwich, quite possibly the best vegan sandwich in Philly. The staff is also great, Clarke who owns the place and also bartends at times is always a pleasure. My wife and I always make a point to stop in on Saturdays in the late afternoon to see Katharine who bartends Sat afternoons. She too is always a pleasure to visit. A really fun neighborhood pub.Great location bar near Passyunk ave.
Their wings are great (try the dry rub).
The music sometimes a bit loud for the size of this bar but whatev... The service is ok, nothing special. Just the server doing their job.
The addition of their 2nd floor is great but it seems like its affecting the service quality. The server have to get all the food and drinks from the first floor and bring them up to the 2nd floor. Great for leg workout but I don't think the server would like this additional workout session added to their job.
I hope they have a separate bar area at the 2nd floor and better food delivery system from the kitchen on the 1st floor to the 2nd floor.
I'd give them 3/5 but because of their great wings, I give this place 4/5.Look h8rs. I live what is essentially right over Lucky 13. And I love it.
Yes, it's dark. Yes, the bartenders can be cold to strangers. Yes, there's not much room. Yes, there are only five beers on tap, of which only one is usually good.
But, yes, they'll get to know you, and, yes, lo and behold Clark is an amazing guy. Yes, the menu is honest and the food just damn good. Yeah, they sell and fill growlers. Oh and, yes, it's the kind of place where sometimes when it's 2 am and you're just not ready to go home, the door locks but nothing else changes.
Lucky 13 is my corner bar. And I want to keep it that way.The first time I came here was on a weekend, so only was able to order from a brunch menu (it's so limiting!).  However, I had the deconstructed meatball, which was an interesting take on the classic meatball.  They serve it with slices of cheesy bread and then have the meatballs and sauce in a bowl on the side.  It got a little messy, but I liked the thought put into it. 
Went here this week on a Monday night, so I was able to order from the full dinner menu.  I went with another sandwich, the Stud, which was beef with peppers, onions.  They give you a mixture of sweet potato and regular potato fries on the side (looove sweet potato fries).  Perhaps the most exciting part of the meal was being able to dip my fries into the different mayos they offer- the horseradish mayo was delish.
I guess it was Metal night, based on a previous poster.  They were playing a few out-there tunes, but I didn't really think anything of it.  Some metal, some Rush, some sleepy stuff- it was all okay by me.Love love love this place!! It's my go-to in South Philly. Decent prices, punk, ska, reggae music constantly playing on the jukebox and Schmidt beers. Yess! Also the fries are amazing.Evidently, WinnyD and I are not cool enough for this place.  We are not hipsters.  We are not visibly tatted up.  And we don't drink microbrews.  The waitress made it very clear that we were there to help her get paid but she wasn't going to laugh at our jokes or engage with us in any way other than the bare minimum in terms of service.  Granted, we were there to eat, not drink, so perhaps this was our bad.  
Whoops.
However, the food selection was awesome for vegetarians and I had The Ace Of Spades Sandwich (tempeh sauteed with caramelized onions & soy sauce, with lettuce & tomato).  WinnyD got the Pretty Chick Sandwich marinated chicken breast, smothered in your choice of wing sauce, with lettuce & tomato.  Both were better than good.  
Due to the atmosphere, we probably won't be returning.  Maybe take-out?I had dinner one night at Lucky 13 and really enjoyed my experience.  Our server was super attentive and pleasant and my friends and I all liked our food.  I had "The Middle Eastern", a plate of pitas, hummus, feta and other assorted goodies.  It's listed under the "Small or Sharing" portion of the menu, but take heed, it's definitely a "sharing."  It was a huge platter, but over the course of the meal I worked through most of it because it was so tasty.  My friends had the Lucky Burger and the wings.  They were both satisfied with their meals.  The burger was huge -- come hungry!
At any rate, no complaints at all about this place.  It was pretty clean and friendly.  Pair that with good food, a great beer selection, and reasonable prices, and you'll find that there's no reason not to check this place out.Lucky 13 has some of the best nachos I have ever had. I can't really explain why they are good, but they somehow are. I've been here twice now, and if it wasn't such a far walk from my house, I would be here more often. The food is fairly inexpensive and yummy, the drinks are delicious, and the service is good. If you're in the neighborhood (or if you want some Cincinnati chili), it's a good place to grab a drink and a bite to eat.I am annoyed by negative reviews of this place, and thus, I must take it upon myself to refute some of the below arguments. Lucky 13 is one of my favorite bars. In a world where cities are becoming pickled by faux new-American restaurants re-living a past in which they were never apart, Lucky is a gem with character intact. 
No one to seat you? It's a bar with food, you can seat yourself. Too loud? Good; I don't want to be around people who don't like the Misfits anyway. Meh service? Not at all - everyone here is super courteous and warm. "Divey bar with divey crowd"? "Hipster hangout"? You're right, hipsters should come with trigger warnings. By golly, me didn't know they still even made them vinyl thingy's anymore! Complaining a place is hipster blows my mind - there are so many options in this city if frosted tips, jeans with flip-flops, and blind drunk insurance salesmen are more your speed. Hipsters are pretty harmless in the grand scheme of things anyway - especially when you consider, y'know, things like ISIS or human trafficking. 
Its a rock and roll bar. Their draft list is solid and runs a nice range. No, there are no 6 oz eldberberry-bubble gum saison - but this place also doesn't purport to be a "craft beer" mecca. When I am in the mood to come here its because I want cold pints of solid IPA or cider to go with the exceptionally good tempeh wings, Viet chicken wrap, etc. I've never had a bad meal here. Their Fire sauce is VERY HOT but VERY delicious; few places can boast that. Nachos are excellent here as well. There are gluten-free options, vegan options, carnivore options, options options.Brilliant!  F-ing Brilliant.  Cool, comfortable, with lots of character and "characters".  The wings are reason enough to stop hanging with the snobs and start hanging with the cool kids.Did not enjoy myself on Sunday at all. Myself and a friend joined me for a few drinks near closing. I noticed that the bartender started to clean the bathrooms picking trash off the floor and take the trash out of the bathrooms. Then she never washed her hands and proceeded to go back and make drinks for customers. We will never return to the bar ever again.As of tonight, Lucky 13 is definitely one of my new favorite places. My first experience at this place was walking with a few friends in the hopes of grabbing some drinks. Didn't happen, we walked out.
This isn't entirely the kind of place you'd make a stop on a night of bar-hopping. Maybe, but I don't see it being entirely feasible.
Instead, it's definitely a spot to go for an absolutely fantastic dinner. Can't say the menu is extensive but what's on there is purely genius. From chicken curry and samosas to Mexican wild shrimp and the "deconstructed meatball." All I've tried thus far has been simply delicious- had the risotto du jour tonight which consisted of risotto with peppers, onions and sausage.
The beer menu is also good. I'm honestly just impressed with any bar that will not have your typical Coors, Bud and Miller on tap. That's just instantaneous points in my book.
The space is pretty tiny. Did notice a post-it behind the bar however, that surely indicates they'll take a reservation for an astonishingly large group of up to 13. Though, I'm sure that's probably for special cases. Furnishings and interior are modern and simple. The bar looks quite a bit older though.
It for some reason has this stigma of being a "Steelers" bar amongst some of my friends. However, I wouldn't even come close to considering this place a sports bar. There are two TVs by the front bar though.
Other notes: their mac 'n cheese is gouda and locatelli cheeses with herbed bread crumbs atop ziti. Can't wait to go and try their brunch as well.Clark is amazing.  Decent beer selection.  Solid Bloody Mary's at brunch.  Perfect neighborhood bar.  South Philly needed this magic.  I love unwinding/blacking out here.Super vegetarian friendly. Super wallet friendly. Service is consistent(same people still working there). Great food for a little pub. Total hidden gem.Excellent food... Can't go wrong! Decent well rounded beer list that even includes La Fin Du Monde.The food is very good, try the cheese quesadilla.  It's sort of hipster, but not too hipster.  The version of the city wide is wacky (Jagermeister and Schmidts) , but cheap and drinkable.  
This is a great place to start your Friday or Saturday night.  My only complaint is the music can be too loud and not good at all.After nearly a week of being out of commission with the flu, when I could finally get off the couch to do something other than run to Walgreen's for drugs the first place I wanted to go was Lucky 13.
They redid their menu maybe a couple months ago- they kept all the good stuff I love (mac and cheese, Ace of Spades, hummus plate) and added some new jawns too. Last night I tried the Stacked Pin-Up (mushrooms, spinach, peppers, and fresh mozz on garlic bread) and LOVED it. The fries were great too! 
Can't wait to get back and try the crispy tempeh.After two tries I am just not a fan of Lucky Thirteen. 
Their beer list is good but on my last visit I tried two different draft beers that I typically like(lancaster cream ale and kenzinger) and they just tasted off.
I had a white bean veggie burger here a while ago and mac and cheese, both items were fine, but not super memorable.
The crowd is varied and relatively friendly.
I would suggest someone come here and decide if they like it on their own.